VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 40.
ALGER EXPECTS IMMEDIATE
BOMBARDMENT OF SANTIAGO
VATICAN MAKING
STRONG EFFORT TO
INFLUENCE SPAIN
Would Secure a Ter) Days' Armis
tice in Wh)ich to Negotiate
for Peace.
The Urjited States Willing to Accept Honorable
Terras, but the Castilians Must MaKe
Direct Overtures,
NEW YORK, July 9.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: President Mc-
Kinley received official information to-day
that the Vatican is making an earnest
effort to induce Spain to consent to an
armistice to last ten days, during which
time peace negotiations may be initiated.
The Pope will depend on the great powers
to influence the United States to agree to
an armistice, provided he should find
Spain willing to ask for it.
Beyond this I was authorita
tively told to-day that nothing
had been done looking to a set
tlement of the diilerences be
tween the United States and
Spain.
At the State Department the
statement was made that any
peace propositions must emanate
from Madrid. There is no inten
tion on the part of the President
to permit any third power to in
terfere in the negotiations which
will be necessary to terminate the
war.
An official with whom I talked
told me that the President would
be willing to grant an honorable
peace, but that Spain must ask
for it, and that this Government
would not respond to the pres
sure of any European power re
garding terms. Terms would
have to be negotiated directly.
"The result of an armistice
might be the formation of a com
mission or at least the discussion
of the best means by which peace
preparations could be considered.
In any event, it would enable
both parties to look over the
ground and could not possibly
injure the position of this Gov
ernment.
For this reason it is not im
probable our Government would
be willing to enter into an armis
tice, providing Spain should ask
for it. Embassador Draper, who
is in Washington on leave of ab
sence from his post in Rome, be
lieves that Germany is the only
power which should be sharply
watched. Interference from her
is likely to come, he thinks, when
the disposition of the Philippines
is finally made.
The authorities have not failed
to give consideration to the
terms of peace to be demanded
of Spain should she desire to re
ceive them. In the first place
the Spanish troops must be with
drawn from Cuba, Porto Rico
and the Philippines; the indepen
dence of Cuba must be acknowl
edged; Porto Rico must be a
possession of the United States
and a coaling station, and Gua
han Island shall be made Ameri
can territory.
NEWSPAPERS CAUSE
SPAIN TO PROTEST
WASHINGTON. July 9.— As was an
ticipated by the authorities here, the
conduct of some newspaper in crediting
Lieutenant Col well, United States na
val attache at London, with certain
statements relative to the probability
cf peace being declared, has resulted
In disagreeable action. The Spanish
The San Francisco Call
Embassador at London has lodged with
the British Foreign Office an official
protest against the continuance in Lon
don of Lieutenant Colwell and the con
duct by him of a secret news system.
It is not doubted the matter will be
explained satisfactorily by the State
Department, but some indignation has
been expressed at the publication by
some American newspaper, such as
this, calculated to dangerously inter
rupt our special service abroad.
SEPARATED BY AN
UNFATHOMABLE GAP
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189 S. by Jamea Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 9.— Sir Henry Drum
mond-Wolff absolutely denies that any
overtures for peace, formal or informal,
were made to him by the Spanish Gov
ernment. Simultaneously Premier Sa
gasta denies there is any question of
peace negotiations or an armistice. Af
ter the successful resistance offered by
the Spanish troops at Santiago it would
be impossible for any Ministry here to
propose peace, knowing that the United
States would make terms very hard.
To-day I hear General Weyler talked
of as a possible member of a future
Ministry. To-day Senor Romero Rob
ledo was two hours at the palace. This
adds another significent item to the
course of events. lam able to give
Senor Romero's views on the present
situation as follows:
"Above all thinps we must defend
the honor of .lie army and Spanish in
terests in Cuba. If that prolongs the
war, -what of it? We are not guilty.
Spain holds many elements of defense,
and in a desperate situation is capable
of prolonged resistance. We believe
the army could not remain indifferent
in the face of dishonor of giving way
to an enemy who is unable to defeat it.
However, the superiority of the Ameri
can resources are so great/ we cannot
help being beaten. Therefore it is well
for us to consider possible means of
peace, but it is totally impossible to
deal with the present Government."
All this brings us back to the point
I called attention to yesterday, that the
idea of peace and propositions for the
same are occupying the minds of polit
ical leaders; but an almost unfathom
able gap separates the terms which
f^aln and the United States think pos
sible as a basis of negotiations.
CABINET DIVIDED
AS TO PEACE QUESTION
MADRID, July 9.— Duke Almodovar
de Rio, upon leaving the Cabinet coun
cil to-day, denied that peace negotia
tions had been opened, adding: "At
the present moment we must talk only
of war."
It is the general Impression that the
Cabinet is divided as to the peace ques
tion.
A dispatch from Santiago de Cuba
announces that the American rein
forcements have arrived there and the
Reina Mercedes was sunk in order to
block the entrance to Santiago.
CONSIDERING TEN
DAYS' ARMISTICE
MADRID, July 9.— The Liberal says
the Cabinet is considering the signing
of a ten days' armistice to facilitate
the peace negotiations.
The Rome correspondent of the Im
parcial telegraphs that a ten days'
armistice is coming, but he adds that
he thinks the powers, with the Vati
can, are engineering the movement
and are considering the proper form
which the armistice should assume.
Senor Sagasta, however, declared af
ter Cabinet meeting that the rumors
of an armistice were without founda
tion, and that the Government is only
discussing the methods of prosecuting
the wax.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898— THITfcTY-TWO PAGES.
WASHINGTON, July 9. — A cablegram was received From General Shafter at
the War Department to-night which is understood to make certain recommenda
tions as to the action on the Spanish proposals for conditional capitulation. Imme
diately after its receipt Secretary Alger, Secretary Long and Adjutant General Cor
bin went to the White House to confer with the President. The conference broke
up shortly after midnight. Secretary Alger said there had been no reports of firing
nor of action. "But," he added, "there has been some talk of surrender. A propo
sition has been made which will not be considered, and things, 1 think, will go on
about as they were intended."
"Do you mean by that," he was asked, "that the bombardment will be
at once?"
"I can't say definitely, but that is very probable," he replied.
MARSHAL BLANCO, CAPTAIN GENERAL OF CUBA.
PORTO RICO TO BE INVADED AS
SOON AS SANTIAGO IS TAKEN
General Miles Will Have Personal Charge of the Expedition, Which Will
Sail From the United States Within a
Few Days.
NEW YORK, July 9.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: I have to-day authentic
information that the expedition to
Porto Rico will get off even earlier than
has hitherto been expected.
It is absolutely certain that at the
present time the administration is count
ing upon the almost immediate fall of
Santiago — this to be followed at once
by the departure of General Miles for
Porto Rico with the later volunteer
troops that have been sent to Santiago.
CADIZ SENTIMENT
UNFAVORABLE TO PEACE
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, July 9.— Work at Sierra Cor
bonera, and the road to San Rogue are
suspended owing to lack of money. En
gineers-are standing idle, although ajll
appliances are there with splendii
I asked a member of the administra
tion, who to-day gave me this informa
tion, if, immediately after the fall of
Santiago General Shafter and the
greater part of his army would be left in
Santiago province while General Miles
with the recent re-enforcements and
some of the regulars would go to Porto
Rico. He replied that he thought this
would be a safe statement.
The fleet of Admiral Sampson is ex
pected to blockade the island completely
and make way for the landing of the
quarries and lime deposits — another in
stance of ofllcial bungling.
Admiral Cevera is severely criticized
for leaving Santiago harbor, especially
as the enemy's land forr-pg were
awkwardly placed.- The prevailing note
Is -.umplete discouragement an>l spc<ui
latioii as to what will happen next, but
£<?m»iaJly It is unfavorable to peaco.
Governor McCord a Colonel.
PHOENIX, July 9.— Governor McCord
haa announced that he has received
army at a point not yet ascertained,
probably on the northern side of the
island, west of San Juan. General
Miles will put his main dependence
upon the United States regulars, to
whom, he said, belonged the greater
part of the glory achieved by the army
before Santiago.
General Miles considered the fighting
there practically a test of the regular
army and did not seem to consider se
riously the volunteers in connection
with the work of the regular United
States troops.
indefinite leave of absence from his
duties as the executive of Arizona and
that he will take command as colonel
of the regiment of infantry now being
recruited in the four Territories.
♦
Have Beached Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The War
Department is advised that P«.andolph's
six batteries of artillery, the District of
Columbia regiment and a regiment of
Illinois infantry which left Tampa sev
eral days ago have reached Santiago.
MADRID'S OFFER
NOT ACCEPTABLE
TO WASHINGTON
Surrender of Santiago Can Only
Be Received Without
Conditions.
Spanish Troops Must Not Be Withdrawn to
Havana and Ten Days' Armistice
Is Refused.
made
NEW YORK, July 9. — The Washington correspond
ent of the Herald sends the following: After mature delib
eration the President at a late hour to-night positively re
fused to permit the acceptance of anything short of an un
conditional surrender of Santiago.
It was this refusal, coupled with
the tenor of the dispatch from
General Shafter indicating that the
commander of the enemy's forces had
made his final proposition for surren
der, that forced Secretary Alger to
conclude that the bombardment of San
tiago is inevitable. The authorities,
however, do not anticipate that the
final attack on Santiago will be of long
duration. In fact, they are confidently
looking for the fall of the city by to
morrow night.
Rear Admiral Sampson has informed
the Navy Department that he has
made arrangements to co-operate with
the army in the attack on the city. His
guns will fire at a high elevation over
the hills with a view of demoralizing
the enemy. The fortifications defend
ing the harbor will also be bombarded.
It continues to be Rear Admiral Samp
son's policy not to enter the channel
until the mines have been removed,
and this will necessitate the capture
of Morro Castle by the army and the
removal of the electrical mines by
small boats, after which the ships can
enter the harbor in safety.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— The great
battle expected to-day did not take
place, although the armistice expired
at noon, with the forces on both sides
at Santiaero lined up for battle. The
reason was that the Spanish com
mander, who had been In correspon
dence by telegraph with his home Gov
ernment, was seeking to make terms
with General Shatter by which he
might save his%rmy ffom capture. He
was willing to give up Santiago with
out resistance if allowed to retreat
with all of his men and arms across the
island, but this idea was not enter
tained for a moment by our Govern
ment.
On the contrary, every effort will be
put forth to seal up all avenues of es
cape from Santiago and to compel *he
final surrender of the Spanish army.
To have allowed them to make their
way unmolested into the Interior would
have amounted simply to re-enforce
ment of the garrison of Havana by
these thousands of trained soldiers
who have proven their courage as
worthy foemen in the fighting in the
trenches. On the other hand, to com
pel them to surrender, It Is believed,
would certainly produce an enormous
moral effect, both i.i Havana and in
Spain itself and thus tend to the early
conclusion of the war.
Secretary 'Alger and Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin were in quick communica
tion with General Shatter at Santiago
during the day. Both officials, how
ever, declined positively to give out for
publication any dispatches relating to
the negotiations that are going on be
tween General Shafter and General Li
nares, or u> confirm any of the excit
ing rumors that were flying through
the corridors all day. Nevertheless, it
was evident from their manner that a
crisis had been reached so far as San
tiago was concerned, and that as mat
ters stood at the close of the day there
was no reason to be dissatisfied with
the outlook, as it is known that Gen
eral Shafter has lost nothing by the
armistice, his men are rested, the com
missary has improved, the roads have
been cleared and his artillery is now
almost completely placed in a most ef
fective manner. None of these things
existed at the begnnlng of the armis
tice. On the other hand, the Spanish
forces have largely diminished their
Blender stock of provisions and have
steadily lost confidence. As soon as
they are convinced that they will be
humanely treated and fed and will not
be subjected to Inhuman treatment
(and the War Department proposes
that they shall be thus protected) it
Is expected there will be many deser
tions from the Spanish lines.
Therels the strongest indisposition
on the part of the strategists to enter
tain favorably the proposition said to
be under consideration at Madrid look-
Ing to an armistice of ten days in or
der to consider terms of peace. They
believe that the United States has
everything to lose and nothing to gain
by accepting such a proposition. Dur
ing that time Camara's squadron
might find safe lodgment in Borne
strongly fortified coast town like Fer
rol and thus elude Watson's pursuit.
Naval officials feel that another
change may have to be made in the
make-up of the Eastern squadron
PRICE FIVE CEStTS.
which is to strike a blow against the
Spanish coast, as the battle-ship lowa
suffered some hard knocks during the
recent naval battle with Cervera'3
squadron, and it may be necessary to
substitute one of the other battle-ships
pending repairs on the lowa. No de
cision on the subject has been reached
thus far, as the department has not re
ceived the report showing the exact
condition of our ships after the battle.
In the meantime the Associated Press
interview with Captain Robley Evans
of the lowa leads naval officials to be
lieve that the lowa will require con
siderable overhauling before she is
ready for a trip across the ocean. Ac
cording to Captain Evans' story of the
battle, the lowa was struck twice by
Spanish shells and one shell exploded,
while the other is embedded, unex
ploded, near the water line of the ship.
This last shot may prove troublesome,
as an unexploded shell near the water
line is not a desirable adjunct to a bat
tle-ship. From the light manner in
which Captain Evans speaks of the
damage it is not regarded as very
seiious by the officials, yet it is prob
ably enough to keep the lowa from ac
companying the eastern squadron to
the coast of Spain. A decision as to
whether she will be withdrawn will not
be made until the report is received on
the condition of the ship.
Either the Massachusetts or the Indi
ana will be substituted for the lowa if
it be found necessary to make a
change. Either of them is as formid
able as the lowa. Their four largo
guns are of the 13-inch type, while those
of the lowa are 12 inch. In other re
spects their batteries are similar to
the lowa. They are commonly re
garded as rather better seagoing ships
than the lowa.
Camara's only armored ships are the
Pelayo and Carlos V, the former of
9900, the latt r 0090 tons. They are out
ranked in every point by the ships of
the American squadron — armor, arma
ment, speed, size and number of guns
and general effectiveness.
ITALY FRIENDLY
TOWARD UNCLE SAM
WASHINGTON, July 9. — General
Draper, the American Embassador to
Italy, hap arrived in the city on leave
of absence for sixty days. He had a
talk with President McKinley to-day,
having first been to the State Depart
ment, where he was in conference with
Judge Day for a long time.
It is absolutely known that General
Draper's visit has no connection with
the talk of Spain making overtures for
peace. He gave the administration to
understand the whole of Europe Is
anxious to see peace and is gradually
putting pressure on Spain to ask for
honorable terms from the United States.
General Draper's opinion is that Italy
is more friendly to the United States
than any European power, except Eng
land.
General Draper's understanding Is
that Italy will not interfere in anything
this Government may do in the rhilip
plne Islands. *It is said he has informed
the State Department that all the in
formation received by him in Rome was
to the effect that Germany is likely to
make more demands as to the Philip
pines than any European power. Eng
land, as he understands the drift in
diplomatic circles, will be glad to see
the United States permanently take
possession of the islands.
SPAIN HAS NOT
MADE OVERTURES
LONDON. July 9.— Although peace
rumors are numerous and there is a
general feeling that Spain may at any
moment sue for peace, nothing definite
on the subject is known in competent
quarters. Both the officials of thn
United States Embaesy and the Brit
ish Foreign Office say the situation Is
the same as yesterday, and at the For
eign Office it is declared that there is
no truth in the story Tinted this morn
ing by a New York paper to the effect
that Spain has made formal overtures
for peace with the United States
through Sir Henry Drummond-Wolff,
the British Embaesador at Madrid, and
they ridicule the alleged concessions
attributed to Spain in the story re
ferred to.2
SHAFTER AND SAMPSON READY
TO MAKE THE FINAL ATTACK
AMERICAN LINE
DRfIWN CLOSER
fIBOUT SANTIAGO
Troops Gair) Commandiog Posi
tioQS by Quiet Advaoces
at Nigf)t.
San)pson Will Send Light Draft Vessels Into
the Harbor When the Bori)bardn)ent
Is Begun.
Special cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSB, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL, SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS, BEFORE SANTIAGO,
Cuba, July 8, by Call-Herald dispatch
boat Somers N. Smith to Port Antonio,
Jamaica, July 9. — From information
about the Spanish defenses obtained
during the cessation of hostilities it is
believed by the American commanders
that Santiago can be taken in six
hours.
General Shafter, who has been ill for
several days and unable to leave his
tent, is much improved to-day and
made a careful inspection of the most
advanced American intrenchments. He
found his division commanders had
succeeded in gaining strong positions
by quiet night advances and that the
American position on the whole is very
strong.
I am told that Admiral Sampson will
send some light draught vessels into
the harbor at the time the army at
tacks Santiago, in addition to shelling
the city from Aguadores. These three
movements by the Americans, coming
at the same time, will give the enemy
a diversity of interests to watch, which
is expected to result in great advantage
to our forces.
From General Bates at the extreme
left of the American line another ad
vance was made last night, our left
wing being extended fully a mile for
ward. The Third and Twentieth regi
ments in General Bates' brigade hast
ily constructed trenches along the top
of the hill, placing sand banks in front
to protect our men from the enemy.
During this work the American trench
es were advanced to within 750 yards
of the Spanish lines, overlooking the
enemy's position in such a way as to
render the long line of Spanish In
trenchments practically worthless.
The lack of proper hospital facilities
in the American lines has been accentu
ated by the arrival of 20,000 refugees
from Santiago within the American
lines, it is believed General Linares,
far from seeking to prevent men, wo
men and children from leaving the city,
is encouraging the exodus.
Touching scenes are to be witnessed
daily among refugees at El Caney. No
picture can do justice to the situation.
Many of the refugees do not conceal
their hatred of Americans, even while
accepting our food and protection. The
great majority of the refugees are from
destitute families of the city and they
have no means of getting further from
Santiago than El Caney or of bettering
their condition. They cannot return to
the city until it is occupied by our army
and we must care for them as best we
can. The little village to the northeast
of the beleaguered city cannot hold half
of the refugees. Thousands are sleep
ing under shacks built in the streets
and woods.
One of the most pitiable of the many
touching scenes being enacted at El
Caney was witnessed early last even
ing when a pale, pretty young mother,
clad only in a thin wrapper and hold-
Ing her three weeks' old babe in her
arms piteously begged for some con
densed milk for her little one. Mother
and babe had been so long without
nourishment that the child, at least,
must die within a few hours.
Hundreds of sick are gathered about
the army commissary station, where,
amid unsanitary surroundings, gray
haired men and women totter around
begging for a single piece of hardtack.
SHAFTER CABLES THAT
HOSTILITIES ARE NEAR
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Secretary
Alger received a cablegram from Gen
eral Shafter to-day which indicated
that hostilities were near, but had not
actually opened, and might be deferred.
He said that six batteries of artillery
had been unloaded and taken to the
front to-day, and that only one of the
lighters sent to General Shafter had
reachol its destination. The Secretary
added that General Shatter's dispatch
said the lighters were needed to unload
provisions for the troops.
TRUCE REMAINS IN
EFFECT AT SANTIAGO
Copyrighted. IS9B, by the Associated Press.
IN FRONT OF SANTIAGO, July 8,
by the Associated Press dispatch boat
Cynthia II (via Port Antonio and
Kingston, Jamaica, July 9). — There has
been absolutely no change in the situ
ation at Santlr de Cuba during the
past twenty-four hours. The Spanish
authorities are taking time to consider
the proposition ' surrender.
Cable operators, at the request of the
Spanish officials, have been allowed to
enter Santiago, and the matter of the
surrender of that city is now being
considered ..ith Madrid direct.
The general feeling among the Amer
ican officers is that surrender will be
made not necessarily on Sunday, but
they believe that date will see the be
ginning of the first negotiations.
Orders have been issued that each
regiment in the American lines hoist a
flag on the trenches in front of the po
sition it occupies. This gives the Span
iards an excellent idea of the extent
and location of our lines, but it also
makes a very imposing appearance.
This morning nearly a score of stand
ards were llutterlng at different points
along the works, which are now nearly
four miles long, inclosing the city on
two sides.
It has been proposed that a battalion
of sharpshooters be formed from each
regimental battalion in the army, to be
commanded by officers of practical pro
ficiency as marksmen. It is said that
this battalion would be able to clear the
region near the army of the pestiferous
guerrillas who, from treetops or other
covers, make many attempts, some of
them successful, to assassinate wound
ed men as they are being carried to the
rear. During the truce, which has now
lasted four days, there has been none
of this murder business going on, and
the American officers therefore con
clude that the guerrillas had been en
gaged in this miserable work under the
direct orders or control of the Spanish
loaders. Several commissions from the
Spanish authorities to act as guerrilla
leaders have been picked up on the bat
tlefield of San Juan and El Caney.
MAY DELAY ATTACK
UNTIL MILES ARRIVES
Copyrighted, UK, by the Associated Press.
IN FRONT OF SANTIAGO, July 8
(per Associated Press dispatch-boat
Cynthia, by way of Port Antonio and
Kingston, Jamaica, July 9.)— General
Shafter has been advised from Wash
ington, under date of July 6, as follows:
"General Miles, with heavy reinforce
ments, leaves to-morrow. Use greatest
care in investing Santiago."
This is believed to mean that hostili
ties will not be resumed by our side
unless they are forced to an attack
until Miles arrives.
Refugees, many of them starving, al
though laden with jewels and money,
are strung along the road from Caney
to Siboney. The bodies of four wo
men, apparently well to do, were found
on the road to-day. There is no place
for the refugees here. It is probable
the Cubans have been forced to camp
elsewhere and leave their base of sup
plies.
The general hospital is less crowded.
General Hawkins, General Liscum and
Major Patterson, who were wounded
seriously, but whose condition is not
dangerous, are on the steamer City of
Washington, which will go to Hampton
Roads.
TWO SHOR T REPORTS
FROM GENERAL SHAFTER
One Is in Beference 1* the English
Cable, the Other Speaks of the
Killed and Wounded.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The War
Department received two dispatches
from General Shafter over night as
follows:
"Playa del Este. with Army Corps In
the field, July 9— Secretary of War,
Washington: Cable operators were
permitted to go in yesterday morning.
The English cable was in working or
der and some of the operators were in
the city. General Toral wanted these
there, as they were the principal
men. This cable has not been cut, and
the men sent in have not taken it up
again. The English cable has been
working all the time through to Ha
vana. BHAFTER."
"Playa del Este, July 9, camp near
Santiago, July B—Adjutant8 — Adjutant General,
Washington: Complete report receiv
ed to-day of the loss on July 1 and 2.
Killed, 22 officers and 208 enlisted men;
wounded, 81 officers and 1203 enlisted
men; missing, 79 enlisted men. The
reports giving the names of the killed
and wounded are being rapidly pre
pared and it is hoped to get them off
to-morrow. SHAFTER."
TROOPS GO ABOARD
AT NEWPORT NEWS
Signal and Engineer Corps to Be Con-
veyed by La Grande Duchesse
io Santiago.
NORFOLK, Va., July 9.— The steamer
La Grande Duchesse, which has been
chartered by the Government as a
transport, received her first troops
when the Ninth Company, Signal Corps,
and Company B, Engineer Corps,
marched on board at the Newport News
shipyard. The men were assigned to
permanent quarters until the ship
makes a landing in the vicinity of San
tiago.
Five stock cars loaded with horses
for the army are being loaded on the
Duchesse at thfe shipyard. It is under
stood these horses will be used by Gen
eral Miles and staff.
BATTLE-SHIP IOWA
STRUCK BY SHELLS
One Did Not Explode and Is Em
bedded Near the Vessel's
Water Line.
NEW YORK, July 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The battle
ship lowa will go north and be docked
and repaired when she returns from
Porto Rico. During the engagement
with Admiral Cervera's fleet she was
struck twice by shells. One exploded
and the other is embedded near the
vessel's water line, but did not explode.
I have been told at the Navy Depart
ment that there will be no trouble on
account of it, as the cap on its base can
be taken off and the charge drawn
without danger.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIS" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY* 10, 1898.
War Bonds Subscriptions.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The sub
scriptions to the new war bonds to-day
aggregate $390,093,000. Of this amount
$59,035,000 is in sums of $500 or under
and the remainder above that amount.
SHAFTER'S SIEGE GUNS IN POSITION ON TY\E HEIGHTS OVERLOOKING AGUADORES READY TO OPEN FIRE ON
THE SPANISH WORKS.
OUR ARMY OBJECTS TO
PROLONGING ARMISTICE
Shooting of Spies in American Uniforms and
Starving Women Add to the Horrors in
Camp at Caney.
Specinl Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
SIBONEY, CUBA, Friday, July B.— By the Call-Herald dispatch
boat Mindora to i?ort\Antonio, Jamaica, Saturday, July 9. — Heart
rending scenes at Caney mako the army wild at prolonging the arm
istice. The shooting of spies in our uniform and also of guerrillas
had a good effect. Women, picked up in starving condition, had
large sums of money on them. One had $700. Nicholas Fish arrived
to see if he could take home the body of his sen.
Schley's report to Sampson on Cervera says that Captain Cook
of the Brooklyn and Captain Philip of the Texas did magnificent
work, and the terrible fire of the Texas, lowa and Oregon wrecked
the first ships.
SON OF SPAIN
RUNS AMUCK
Tries to Kill Salinas
Citizens.
SHOOTS AT PASSERS-BY
CRAZED BY NEWS OF RECENT
DEFEATS.
Hauls Down a Flag, Attempts to
Murder a Sheriff and Finally
Is Landed Behind
the Bars,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, July 9.— When news of the
return of Camara's fleet and the intended
bombardment of Santiago was received
here this morning a Spaniard named
Roderigo, aged 25, became incensed, and
made ugly threats. Later he commenced
striking passers-by with his clenched fists,
and finally he hauled down an American
flag from a corner store on Main street,
throwing it into the gutter and dancing
upon it. Then, holding it in his left hand,
he spat at it, cursing the while. As by
standers started for him. Roderigo drew a
revolver and shot three holes through the
flag. Then he turned the weapon upon
approaching people.
Roderigo was now apparently in a dan
gerous state of insanity. He began shoot-
ing indiscriminately, while the crowd
gathered from all directions. Among the
first to arrive was Deputy Sheriff Nesbitt,
who told Roderigo to stop Bhooting. The
Spaniard drew a bead on the officer and
rhe subscriptions will close Thursday,
July 14, at 5 o'clock.
Three Army Promotions.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Presi
dent has directed the promotion of
Brigadier General S. B. M. Young and
ordered him to halt. As Nesbitt was un
armed, he started after the Sheriff, who
was a few blocks away.
Roderlgo continued to fire at the crowd,
which kept some distance away. Soon C.
A. Dayton passed, and as he came up the
Spaniard held his pistol in both hands,
leveled to fire. Dayton still approached
Koderigo in a nonchalant way and ex
tended his hand as though meeting an old
friend, addressing him in Spanish. Rod
erigo was thrown off bis guard and his
pistol was taken away. He began to feel
in his pockets for other weapons. Day
ton, who is a powerful man, caught the
Spaniard, and after a desperate struggle
succeeded in throwing him and pinioning
both arms until Sheriff Matthews and
Deputy Nesbitt arrived and relieved him.
Roderigo was let up and sullenly ac
companied the officers to Jail, but he was
still in a fighting mood, as his subsequent
action proved. On arriving at the Jail
he was placed back of the rail in the
Sheriff's office. While the Sheriff was
bonding over unlocking the safe the des
perate man snatched a pistol from the
officer's coat pocket and leveled it at
him. The Sheriff suddenly wheeled, at
the same time delivering a blow which
took Roderigo unawares, felling him.
It was but an instant's work to secure
the fellow and disarm and handcuff him.
He was then heavily ironed. This even
ing realizing his serioue predicament, he
is making apologies and explanations. No
charge has yet been placed against him.
RUMORS OF PEACE
ARE UNIVERSAL
PARIS, July 9.— The Temps this af
ternoon publishes a dispatch from
Madrid, which says: The rumors of
peace are universal. They fill the press
and all feel that high political circles
are Inclined to end the struggle on the
morrow of new reverses or after a
land victory which will satisfy national
honor. It Is beginning to be understood
that the loss of the squadron means
such an Increase of difficulties in com
municating with the colonies that the
armies in the West Indies are greatly
Jeopardized by dearth of provisions
and ammunition.
The Government Is conferring with
the British cable companies for the re
opening of communication with Cuban
cities. It is thought the Americans will
not object to the Government being
placed in a position to consult with the
Brigadier General J. F. Kent to the
grade of major general of volunteers,
and Colonel H. Carroll to the grade of
brigadier general. These officers all
took a conspicuous part in the heavy
fighting around Santiago on the Ist
and 2d insts.
Governors of the colonies without loss
of time on the means of defense left
them and on the disposition of the
troops and the loyal inhabitants.
TROOPS DISCIPLINED
FOR LEAVING CAMP
Infractions of Rules Result Seriously
to Offenders at Chicka
mauga Park.
CHICKAMAUGA, July 9.— Owing to
the distress in Chattanooga that has
followed the payment of the soldiers at
camp General Brooke has issued a
stringent order, allowing only two men
from one company, troop or battery to
be absent from camp at one time, and
this order is being rigidly enforced.
For several days the young volun
teers thought the order" very funny,
and it was considered quite the thing
to be able to steal through the guard
line and get in the city. Yesterday a
provost guard was stationed at the va
rious saloons and resorts of the city,
and hundreds of the truants have been
arrested and marched back to camp
to be summarily punished for their de
liberate infraction of orders. Last
Sunday, it was stated, the saloons of
the city were wide open from the rear
doors, and several keepers of such
places have boasted that they made
hundreds of dollars during the day.
General Brooke will stop this enter
prise to-morrow. He has ordered a
provost guard of 1* men, who will
patrol the streets in front and in the
rear of all saloons, and no soldiers will
be allowed to enter. This is done at
the request of leading citizens and
workers in the Christian Mission at the
park.
The First Ohio Cavalry to-day re
ceived orders to prepare to move on
Tuesday next and proceed to Tampa,
where they will embark for Santiago.
PROMOTIONS FOR
SCHLEY AND SAMPSON
President Undecided as to What Ex-
tent They Shall Be Ad
vanced.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Presi
dent has determined to promote Act
ing Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Schley, in recognition of their services
in the destruction of the Spanish naval
fleet in American waters, but is unde
cided as to the extent of the promotion.
Although Admiral Sampson ra*ks
Commodore Schley in command of the
naval forces in Cuban waters, he is
subordinate to that officer by two num
bers in the naval register. Commodore
Schley stands No. 8 in the list of com
modores and Sampson stands No. 10,
having been promoted to the grade
within the past week. Commodore
Watson, also on duty with the fleet at
Santiago, is senior to both of the oth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
Requires for cure careful attention to
diet, and the gentle but positive stom-
ach-toning, digestion-promoting, ap-
petite-giving qualities of Hood's Sar-
saparilla. The "magic touch" of this
medicine in cases of dyspepsia has
often excited wonder, praise and
gratitude. If you or your friends suf-
fer from dyspeptic troubles, we earn-
estly recommend
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Pill* cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
ers, standing No. 6 in his gradei W T hen
an official report is received a decision
will be reached as to the extent of pro
motion to be made.
SICK AND WOUNDED
TO BE SENT HOME
Belief at the Front That General
Pando s Force Has Not
Reached Santiago.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SIBONEY, July 8, per the Associated
Press dispatch boat Cynthia, via Port
Antonio, July 9. — Orders have just been
issued, Surgeon Lefarge, who is in
charge, said to-day, that all the wound
ed and sick soldiers who are able to bear
removal shall be taken to Hampton
Roads by the steamers City of Washing
ton and Olivette, which will leave to
morrow (Saturday). The bad cases
among the wounded and sick will be Dut
on board the hospital ship Relief for bet
ter care. This will clear the hospitals
here of all but the minor cases.
Through the courtesy of Rear Admiral
Sampson Admiral Cervera was enabled
to communicate by wire with Captain
General Blanco at Havana, saying:
"According to orders the fleet sailed
out from Santiago on the morning of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"SMIO REWARD!
Our stock must be reduced this amount in the next six weeks. We propose
to reward everyone who helps do this. 1898 started as the most prosperous
business year of the times. The dry weather, the war excitement, the falling
off of Klondike trade, which cannot be explained; the difficulty of filling for-
eign orders on account of scarcity of vessels, all contribute to make trade
at a standstill. Fall goods are coming hi; we must have room for them and
money to pay for them. Dealers can save money by sending orders anc?
cash to us. Consumers can save half and more. Be prompt; goods go
quickly on this basis.
THINGS TO USE
Fine 1898 style Wall Paper ..3o
Floor Matting, variety of styles, yard 5c
Remnants of Floor Matting, yard 3c
40-yard pieces Floor Matting Jl 75
Fancy Hand-painted Flower Pots ...7c
Handle Baskets for little folks 2c
Covered Lunch Baskets 5o
Ssc Clothes Brushes from overstock 10c
75c Army Knapsacks 150
10c Coffee Pot or Sadiron Stands 2c
$1 25 Garden Buck Gloves, for ladies, 7ft. 8.. 25 c
75c Coat Buttons, ladles, fashionable 10c
Spool Cotton for sewing machine lc
Adamantine Pins, all sizes lc
Blood's Needles, many sizes, not all lc
THINGS TO WEAR.
Small Boys' Jersey Suits $150
Infants' Knit Undershirts, email, good 3c
Celebrated 262 Gray Hose., 5 to 7 5c
Celebrated 262 Gray Hos«, 7%, 8, m 6c
Sunshades for children, pretty 25c
$1 50 Carriage Parasols, black 50c
Fine Muslin Cornet Covers 5c
Fine Rmbroidered Night Dresses 50c
Infants' Cambric Slips, nice quality 15c
Big Boys' Summer Coats, to close. 15c
Goods Sold to the Trade at Above Prices, bat 00 Farther Reductions.
We deliver goods anywhere in town.
We deliver same day across the bay.
We pack safely for safe carriage.
We make a point of best goods.
We want to please buyers of all lines.
We expect you to buy for your wants.
We understand packing for Alaska.
All car lines bring you here for a single
fare.
Sunday."
The imprisoned admiral then recites the
destruction that followed and tells of the
courteous treatment he has received at
the hands of his captors.
General Blanco, In reply, referred in
general terms to the will of Providence.
It is now known with reasonable cer
tainty that neither Pando nor any of his
force has reached Santiago.
Caballero Probably Dead.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— At the In
stance of the German Embassy In this
city, the State Department made in
quiries of Admiral Sampson in regard
to the condition of Lieutenant Cabal
lero, an officer of the Spanish navy who
was attached to the torpedo boat de
stroyer Pluton at the time of her de
struction by the American fleet last
Sunday. A cable message was re
ceived from A*dmiral Sampson this
morning saying that Lieutenant Cabal
lero was probably dead.
Fleet Will Enter the Harbor.
NEW YORiv July 9.— The Sun's Sib
oney correspondent telegraphs from
Santiago: If the town does not sur
render in twenty-four hours after th»
attack the fleet will enter the harbor
at any cost.
THINGS TO EAT.
5-Tb tin pure Baking P0wder....... $1
Martin Wagner's Celebrated Canned Beans.. 6o
Pure Fruit Jams, ' new pack. 1898.......... 100
Picnic Extracts in 2-ounce bottles ............ ,60
2 lbs Roasted and Ground Coffee 25c
! Pure Maple 5ugar............ ............10c
1 Olives, per quart, sweet and g00d......; 100
! Petit Pols for finest trade... — .....'......•... ..100
' French Sardines, a noted brand, 3 for ..25c
! Shaker Corn, genuine Eastern - dried .......'... 100
Bacon, country cure, heavy, warranted 7»*o
Finest Canned Apricots, see window 10c
! Choice Silver Prunes, large, tart.....:. ...v... 50
! 3-rb tins Whole Tomatoes, not - found else-
where 10c
BARGAITSHOES.
Lace Shoes, Cloth and Kid, 2*4, 3.... .....330
Girls' Fine Kid Tipped, Cloth Top, 10, 10V4..50c
Girls' Fine Kid Tipped. 13. 13%. 1..1H ..75 O
, Ladles' Fine Button, Kid, all size 8...... 750
: Ladles' $2- Fine Kid Lace, except 5, 5%, 6... $1
Men's or Boys' Low-cut Oxfords, 5 to 7V4....500
Men's or Boys' $3 Button 5h0e5............ go 0
Ladles' Fine Kid, narrow widths, 3, -3%.... "500
Girls' School Shoes. *1 25, all 13% :...""850
, Girls' Real Goat Shoes, 13%. 1, 1%. ...... "750
i Ladies' $4 Fine Green Shoes, c105ing........ $1 59
Ladles' $2 Fancy Slippers, small sizes ....75c
Men's $3 50 : Shoe, Pacs, light c010r5..... -..ji
i Men's strong boots for Klondike trade .$1 75
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., 8. F,SAMPSON AND SCHLEY
ARE NOT IN ACCORD
It Is Reported That the Commodore Was Ordered
by the A Jmiral Not to Telegraph
to Washington.
WITH THE AMERICAN FLEET, OFF SANTIAGO,
Friday, July 8, by The Call- Herald Dispatch Boat Somers
N. Smith to Port Antonio, Jamaica, Saturday, July 9. — Re
peated rumors of friction between Admiral Sampson, in com
mand of the American fleet, and Commodore Schley. second in
command, are heard here. lam told that the admiral forbade
Commodore Schley to telegraph to Washington his version
of the great naval victory on Sunday morning, when the
Spanish tleet under Admiral Cervera was destroyed while at
tempting to escape fr.om Santiago harbor. The trouble be
tween Sampson and Schley is acute, and the fleet is buzzing
with gossip about it. Admiral Sampson's friends are deeply
chagrined that his flagship should have happened to be ab
sent when Cervera dashed out of the harbor.
CAMARA WILL
GIVE BATTLE
His Squadron Is to Be
Strengthened.
WORK AHEAD FOR WATSON
ONE MORL NAVAL FIGHT IN
PROSPECT.
Some of the Cadiz Ships Have Al
ready Passed Through Suez
Canal on. Their Way
to Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Orders
have been issued by Secretary .Long
substituting the battleship Massachu
setts for the battleship lowa in the
eastern squadron. Instructions also
have been given to Commander Brown
eon, commanding the Yankee, now at
Tompkinsville, directing him to proceed
with the vessel under his command to
Hampton Roads, from which point he
will convoy colliers attached to Com
modore Watson's fleet to Haytien
waters, Where he will join the re
mainder of the squadron. Department
officials balieve that the squadron will
leave on July 16.
Official confirmation of press reports
re card ing the return of Camara's
Bquadron has reached Washington.
Upon its arrival in Spanish waters, the
authorities learn, every effort will be
made to strengthen Admiral Camara's
command in order that it may be in a
position to give battle to the eastern
Bquadron.
• ■!!'k -ialp believe that the fleet will
leave Port Said on Sunday or Monday,
s<> that it will return to £pain about
Tuesday week, about the time that the
Eastern squadron starts on its mis
sion. Commodore Watson's first duty
■a ill bf. to destroy the Spanish fleet in
order that his future operations may
not be hindered by what remains of the
ish navy.
!" IRT SAID. July 9.— The San Fran
clsro, the Isla de I.nzun, the Cova
donga, the San Ignacio de Loyola, the
■ Isla de Panay entered
■l v, ith electric light last
ni^ht and will arrive here this after
noon. The Rapido Patriota, Buenos
Ayr-op, Carlos V. San Ausrustin and
Poiayo are pror ef-ding without electric
light. They will reach here to-morrow
forenoon. Th<- fleet's canal dues out
ward and homeward amounted to
$116
MESSINA, July ?.— Tb* Spanish tor
boats Osmada, Au^laz and Pros
erpina have arrived here from Port
:- .i.l td coaL They are on their way
home.
Benning-ton Goes to Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The xunboat
Bennlngton. now at San Francisco, will
not go to the Ladrone Islands, as cer
taln San Fra- fi3co reports state. She
■• hi;i tin- I- >:t :'•  days, pos
norrow or Monday, foi ilono
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Desperate Woman. f*^2^* s^r^'
Experts in infinity tell r^J^T""''^
11« thai whiMi snvntir <rnoe ' < * "^ ' *
insane, frequently their whole nature is re-
versed. They do and say exactly the op-
posite things to what they would do in
their sane minds. A mother wLose mind
breaks down under extreme nervous ten-
eion may turn upon the one object in all
the world most precious to her— her baby.
The terrible nervous tension under which
many women live and suffer because of
•ome weakness or disease of their sex,
keeps them on the very verge of insanity.
The constant drag and drain upon the com-
plicated and delicate organism affects the
whole nervous system and works upon the
brain with an almost irresistible madness.
_ Thousands of suffering women have been
literally Fayed from the insane asylum by
the timely influence of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription. It is the one perfect and pos-
itive specific for every derangement of wo.
man's special organism. It is a scientific
and permanent cure for those severe,
chronic, complicated cases which doctors
usually consider hopeless. It is the only
medicine of its kind devised by an educated
and skilled physician.
Mrs. Sarah E. Rains, of Dayton, Cass Co., Mo.,
In a letter to Dr. Pierce writes: "It was in the
winter of 1890 that my sufferings commenced. It
•was close to my time of confinement. I took the
grip, and that with the tabor pains all went to
my head. I suffered dreadfully, and when I pave
t-irtli to my little boy I ktpl getting worse. I
aor'orec! but nothing did me any pood. I had
nervous spasms and was dehrious-Oh. no tongue
cau express my sufferings. I was advised by a
latly to try your medicine and I did. I got one
bottle of the ' Favorite Prescription ' and one of
me golden Medical Discovery.' I had taken
two thirds of the medicine when it commenced
Its wot* I bejtan to fee! better, and still con-
tinueM Kettle better. In a short time I frit like
another woman. I gained strength and flesh. I
am now forty-one years of age. This is true, and
it was your medicine that saved my life."
..P r ' -f iercr>s '000-page illustrated book,
The Peoples Medical Adviser" sent, paper-
bound, free for the cost of mailing only 21
one cent stamps; or. cloth-bound i>\ staniM.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N V
lulu, and will retain her place in the
Pacific squadron.
TO FEED DESTITUTE
A GREAT PROBLEM
After Santiago Falls the United
States vVill Have Many More
Mouths to Fill.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The author
ities are now concerning themselves
seriously with the great problem of
feeding the destitute population of San
tiago as soon as It capitulates, as well
as the '. >aniph prisoners of war who
may surrender. It has been extremely
difficult, as shown by General Shaf
ter's reports, to supply the American
troops with what they need, and. of
course, the diflii ulty will be increased
enormously by this large addition of
ANDREW D. WHITE, AMERICAN MINISTER TO GERMANY.
hungry mouths, and, moreover, it is ex
pected that when the 1 ews of the fall
of Santiago sifta through the country
a large part of the destitute population
of the interior will make its way to
that town to secure food.
Yellow fever also is to be taken into
consideration as a factor that may
greatly complicate the situation. Ex-
Senator Donald Cameron, who is now
in London, had cabled to Secretary
Long, offering the Government the free
use for hospital purposes of his mag
nificent estate in St. Helena Island, op
posite Port Royal, S. C. The Secre
tary has acknowledged "your very pa
triotic offer," and has notified Mr. Cam
eron that the propriety of acceptance
has been left to the sursreon general
of the navy. The property Is admir
ably situated and is convenient to the
Port Royal naval station.
MAY SAVE THREE
OF CERVERA'S SHIPS
Sampson Reports That Prompt Work
Will Secure the Vizcaya, Colon
and Maria Teresa.
WASHINGTON, July 9. — Admiral
Sampson has cabled the Navy Depart
ment that In his opinion three of the
Spanish vessels may be saved. The
Colon is certainly in good condition, he
reports, and there are reasonable hopes
of saving the Maria Teresa and the
Vizcaya. The text of Admiral Samp
son's dispatch is Bfl follows:
'PLATA DEL ESTE, Juiv B.—Secre
tary of the Navy, Washington: Pre
liminary report from the beard ordered
to examine the wrecks stated that
wrecking appliances should be gotten
here Immediately. Think there is no
I doubt about saving the Vizcaya, Maria
I Teresa and Cristobal Colon, If haste be
made. The Colon is much the most
valuable, being in perfect order. Would
recommend that the most perfect ap
pliances be sent at once.
SAMPSON."
GENERAL MILES SAILS
FROM CHARLESTON
And With Him Also Depart Seven
teen Hundred Re-enforcements
for Snafter.
CHARLESTON. July 9.— The trans
ports Yale and Columbia, having on
board the commanding general of the
army. General Nelson A. Miles, and
staff and 1700 men, Intended as re-en-
forcements for General Shafter, got
away at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Gen
eral Miles and staff are on the Yale.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 189 S.
AN UNDERSTANDING
BETWEEN GERMANY,
FRANCE AND RUSSIA
Confirmation of the Story That
They Will Combine When
Hostilities Cease.
Meanwhile the Press of the Fatherland Con
tinues to Show Its Prejudices Against
Uncle Sam— White's Speech
Causes Talk.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press:
BERLIN, July 9.— The statement
cabled on July 2 that the Associated
Press correspondent had learned on
the best authority that Germany,
France and Russia had reached an
understanding relative to the Philip
pine Islands by which, when hostili
ties ceased, they will combine to pre
vent the United States or Great Brit
ain gaining possession of the Philip
pine Islands, and that when the war
is over an international congress will
be proposed, similar to the Berlin con
gress of ISTS, to settle all questions
connected with the war, at which
Germany will demand a slice of the
Philippine Islands or other compensa
tion in the far East remains true, not
withstanding the carefully worded de
nials officially issued by a news bu
reau on July 3. As a matter of fact,
the correspondent of the Associated
Press has secured corroborative de
tails, showing that the negotiations be
tween the three powers are still pro
ceeding, and that while It is not In-
tended to exclude Great Britain, Aus
tria and Italy from the congress, Rus
sia, France and Germany will take the
Initiative, provided, naturally, that the
situation at the close of the war seems
to them to call for a settlement of the
Philippines question by an interna
tional council.
The Government press, of course, is
furious at this Important news leak
ing out prematurely, and some of these
papers have gone to the length of
threatening the correspondent of the
Associated Press with expulsion from
Germany. On the other hand, some
Government papers now admit the
truth of the- news cabled to the Asso
ciated Press. The Paris correspondent
of the Kreuz Zeitung significantly
says: "It Is feared in Paris that deli
cate and difficult negotiations are
necessary between the powers in re
gard to the Philippines question, and
it will be almost impossible to main
tain much longer the neutralities
hitherto observed.
Editorially the Kr uz Zeitung, which
has the closest relations with the court
and Foreign Office here, confirms the
foregoing:, and several other indirect
ly foreign office papers express them
selves in a similar sense, though very
guardedly.
Tn this connection it is remarkable
that the Deutsche Zeitung. in an edi
torial, deprecates the German Foreign
Office's recently adopted habit of deny
ing all intention of profiting by the
situation created by the war to the ex
tent of what can be got.
The Kreuz Zeitung also thinks that
by entering upon a policy of colonial
expansion the United States will be
forced to keep a Ptanding army and a
large navy, and will be a less danger
ous competitor comparatively for Ger
many and Europe generally.
The Deutsche Zeitung confidently
hopes that our Government will do all
that is required at the right time to
enforce its Intentions in the far Bast,
with all due energy and power. In
conclusion the Deutsche Zeitung re
marks: "We ought not to exceed
proper bounds In excusing ourselves.
The United States, by its provoking in
solence, has long been the bete noir of
all Europe, and we expect at least of
our Government that all this system
of sending out denials of American
news is only a diplomatic accompani
ment, and that our Government will
not lose the opportunity to seize in its
powerful grip that which German in
terests require."
Papers here generally condemn
Spain's intention to continue the fight.
They agree In saying she has no
chance of any outside help. The Ber
lln Tageblatt says: "European inter
vention in succeed oiny il directed.
ii.uu-.3lJiUi.ibli, wiui Uie lenueucy to,
lUlue tspctiu, iikc ivuit; ueuite oil
uiecte, to conciuue peace."
- In spue 01 me &ieai success of the
Americans in L-uuu, the riaajoiuy 01
Hie ueiuiHii new spapeiis uo not accord
aiiy pi also 10 me -rt.ineiica.iisJ and no
not ucKuowieufae me aDuny 01 the
Americttiia 111 v. v.v.
xne ia B cuiiiLi outdoes itself In say
ing ib.u.l aid uebU'ucuon 01 Admiral
Cervera's neet was not aue 10 Ameri
can muiauve and '"was proDauiy as
t;ieat a. surprise to Admiral bampson
ad lv lile rest 01 me worm."
Mhe riismai cßicui rseue Este Nach
ncnLen 01 j_.eip&ie, commenting on the
recently puDJisned opinion 01 .frince
Bismarck cays: "He is not opposed to
Uiai v>i&ii, so wiuespieau in ociinaliy,
that the I'ankees may get a good,
buun£ licking."
The liamuurg Nachrichten says:
"For a country which does everything
to shut its markets against us anil
uues nui jscrupre to commit a breach vi
treaty while Hooding the German mar
ket with poor and unhealthy goods, It
is impoM=iu;e to harbor friendly feel
ings, and the insolent tone of the Amer
icans is not calculated to improve
this."
The Leipsic Tageblatt mentions
Bigeiow as oeing the principal dis
turber of the good press relations be
tween the two countries and calls his
recent article in the Century "a tissue
ot falsehood and bosh," in conclusion
saying: "If respectable monthlies
spread such worthless trash about us,
what can be expected of the daily pa
pers? Are we Germans, loving our
country, not compelled to lose patience
and pay them in the same coin?"
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung says: "It
is not true that the Foreign Office has
acknowledged the justice of the Amer
ican motives in the war."
Private aavices received here from
Madrid show that the dissatisfaction
In the Spanish army and in Govern
ment and political circles with the
dynasty and Cabinet is greatly increas
ing and is assuming threatening pro
portions. Caiiißin ib reported to be
steadily spreading,, particularly in the
army, and ninny people expect a revo
lution. Strong pressure is being
brought to bear on King Leopold of
Belgium to expel Don Carlos from his
kingdom, on the ground that the Span
ish pretender is "an oitenaive for
eigner." Both Emperor William of Ger
many and Emperor Francis Joseph of
Austria have 'joined In these represent
ations, but thus iar they have been un
availing.
The new British steamer Monmouth,
v, lm h arrived at Bremen on Juiyl from
.New Orleans, has been sold to the
United states. The crew has been dis
missed.
'ihe remarkable speech delivered by
the United States Embussador, Andrew
D. White, at the Fourth at July cele
bration by the Americans at l_,eipsic,
has divided the attention of the Ger
man press all week equally with the
latest developments of the war between
Spain and the United Slates. The
speech is universally characterized as
a political enunciation of prime impor
tance. The attendant circumstances,
too, were of an unusual character.
Mr. White, In an interview, s£u.t:
"Never in my life have 1 seen such a
scene uf fraternization ut Americans
and Britons. The Hags uf both were
intertwined around the hall and a num
ber of prominent Engnsnmen residing
in Germany were present. The toast to
the President of the United States was
received with tremendous enthusiasm
by every one present."
The reception by the German news
papers of Mr. W hite's speech varied
greatly. Many of the papers suppressed
those portions of the Embassador's re
marks which were unfavorable to Ger
many or Germans. Others pretended
to be unaware of any systematic un
friendliness toward the United States
on the part of Germans.
The Post of this city in addition to
admitting a few Jays ago that the
speech would materially help to dispel
the unfriendly feeiing which threatened
to arise between the Americans and
Germans, promises to co-operate with
Mr. White in establishing better feel
ings between the two nations. The
Government press thus far has been
mute, but the correspondent of the As
sociated Press here learns that the
Government will take an early op
portunity to refer to the speech of the
United States Embassador.
A remarkable articl' has appeared in
the Deutsche Zeitung, the leading or
gan of the Pan-German party. After
approving of Mr. White's speech and
reminding the Americans of the past
close relations between the two coun
tries the paper asks: "How has the
United States treated us in return?
How has she thanked us for past favors
during the last decade? The United
States throughout has been unfriendly
to us in its economic, commercial and
political course, and has treated us
worse than any other European state.
She has been gu4lty of a breach of a
solemn pledge testified by her own
President, Cleveland. From these
causes flow the antipathy undoubtedly
prevailing on our side against the
I nit States, an antipathy which is
Justified and which is by no means con
fined to a few unimportant papers, but
extends to all the German press, with
the sole exceptions of Earth's Die Na
tion and Liebknecht's Vorwaerts. It is
in this direction that the cure can be
found for German antipathy for Ameri
ca, and Americans like Mr. White ought
to try to remedy and remove the
causes of friction. Germany has al
ways been justly fnlr, even to her ene
m'.ps. Let the United States begin to
be just and fair to Its most meritorioua
friend."
The Vorwaerts says: "it were folly
to disguise the fact that the relations
between the German and American
Governments are no longer as friendly
as could be wished In the interests of
Ctermany and peace. Certainly the
German Government thus far has not
taken a Btep which America would be
justified in calling a. breach of neutral
ity; but it is equally certain that the
belief is general In America that Ger
man neutrality, although formally cor
rect, is anything but sympathetic.
Judging impartially we must admit
the Americans have reason to believe
that Germany lacks good intentions.
Since the outbreak of the war not only
the entire Government press but nearly
the whole of the rest of the press have
sided strongly, and In many cases yen
ADVEKTISEjffEUTS.
Lively
Sweeping
In some 200 suits, in
pretty Scotches, in Blue
Twill Cheviots, single and
double breasted styles; the
variety is large, not many
of a kind; suits that are
worth up to $1 0.
Clean 'em out at
$5.45.
SWELL DRESSERS,
These are fortunate days for men, ga'a days for swell dressers. fofk A P
Tr»' have taken all oxer $18 and <$£0 suits, and they're tcp-notchers of the VLil li*^
tai'or's art, elegantly trimmed; in fact, our very finest suits are represented; they'll (Qy#yf/
6o very fast ; get your pick while tht 'assortment is here. Thise w • sai ------ *
Now's Your Opportunity,
> — t--v * Mothers. I Our
* clean up sale
%* *C) means a heap to
\* w you.
Pretty Reefer
i^^S. Suit s, hand-
nS^v\ some M id(i y
f °] .crl-:- -I ■ Suits with yes 1:'1 :'
\h "I ° yU 1 0r b°y s > ages 3
wdrT ° llil to 9 1/ ears. Swell
f S Pretty for the
Suits, hand-
some Mid d y
Suits with yes' ■
/or boys, ages 3
to 9 years. Swell
Sco ches for the
\ \I J " bigger '■ boy
\ 'l\ \l ages 9 to 15
■ l^ei years. Mothers,
\ W you've pa i d
Wj p $3.50 for these
&&^k?k Suits before.
"^o In the sweep at
$1.65.
BOYS' OUTING SHIRTS.
Over 200 dozen Boys' Outing
Shirts, in very pretty patterns;
strong and durable. Our 50c
Shirt.
Sweep price.
25c.
BOYS' WAISTS.
Nearly 100 '. dozen Waists, the
75c and $1 kind, made with
separate collar.
Sweep price,
49c.
omously, with Spain against America.
But, even worse, the German papers,
even ihose In close touch with the Gov
ernment, have stated that Spain was
on the point of ceding Manila and (he
Philippine Islands to a neutral European
power. We answered immediatey to
this statement, pointing out that a neu
tral power accepting such a gift would
create a casus belli, and the cession
was not effected. But it Is probable
that the plan existed, and that Spain
was approached by the Berlin Govern
ment with such proposals."
MAIL SERVICE
FOR THE SOLDIERS
Postal and War Departments Each
Doing Their Share in Keeping
TTp the System.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Secretary
Alger has approved a number of sug
gestions made by the Postmaster Gen
eral regarding the establishment of a
more complete system for the military
mail service. Under the system out
lined the Postofflce Department is to
keep the supervision and management
of the mails; the Quartermaster's De
partment of the army is to undertake
their transportation within the camp
to and from points of departure and ar
rival, and the battalion and regimental
adjutants are to be responsible for the
correct distribution of the mail.
A postofnee or branch postofflce is to
be established at every military post or
camp created during the existing war,
to be under the immediate charge of a
poetal superintendent. The Postofflce
Department is to detail for each camp
an expert money order clerk, who is to
be fully supplied with all postal requi
sites.
Whenever any military expedition is
to be made, the Postmaster General
will detail a sufficient force of trained
employes of the postal service to ac
,§/ %
THE INVADER.
P^pSsjL *^ very pretty
s\ " |\ soldier costume,
I :' v■■ \ made of blue
,■ \(J\ denim, white
'\ynj braid on coat,
\ v and white braid
r*. o on long sailor
'--I I - pants. Ages 4
A to 14- years.
J 1 Complete cos-
s~ (L jtnki tume,
n T 89c.
M //YCO#/>O£4rfD I
I\9ISKEARN\iT/
company it and organize a sy'Tn of
military mail service at any camp.
BRITISH EDITORS
LAUD OUR NAVY
Even the Saturday Review Likens
American Seamen to Those Who
Fought With Nelson.
LONDON, July 9. — 'ihe weekly news
papers to-day, in discussing the war, all
pay glowing tributes to the American
navy. Even the Saturday Review says:
It is impossible not to feel a certain
pride in the achievements of men of our
own race. Every Englishman, too, will
remember that it was the possession of
this same quality, the fine marksmanship
which the Americans displayed, which
gave us victories both on land and sea,
from Crecy to the Crimea, and something
peculiar and noble happened in this fight
which showed in a far higher way the
kinship between the two peoples. "Don't
cheer," shouted Captain Philip, "the poor
devils are dying." It seems to us that
this expression of tender, sympathetic
humanity is just as fine as the "Kiss me,
Hardy," of the dying Nelson.
The Spectator, In a long article on the
same subject, says: The first thought of
all Englishmen is that the American fleet
did its work splendidly. The whole per
formance of Admiral Sampson's fleet was
in accordance with the best traditions of
Anglo-Saxon navies, and every English
man has read of the doings with a flush
of pride. There was the same old, hard
pounding as the Elizabethan seadogs
used; the same curious mixture of stead
iness, daring, coolness and reckless dash.
The moral aspect of what was almost the
first and what may be the last fleet action
between the Spanish and English races
is very much alike. In both cases it was
the man behind the grun who, in the last
resort, won the battle.
The battle shows that the American
navy is a most efficient fighting machine.
We did not need to be told that here.
We knew it already and realized of what
stuff the lion's whelps are made. They,
however, did not know it on the Conti
Mingle With
the Swellest.
6^o-^6 i7i£o oi^r corner win-
dow, you'll see the swellest
suits ever shown in San
Francisco; gems of fine
tailoring, in blues and
blacks, in fancy Veiour
Cassimeres, elegantly
lined, satin piped; ifs a
beautiful assortment; suits
that can't be equaled un-
der $15.
Our price Monday
$7i5
ALL OUR FINEST
Goes in the
ffZj sweep.
'\**j All of ourpretr
y^C/\. ty Suits rang-
/(%y^/[\ ii n $ from $5 to
I y\k \ — those swell
I > o^l3^] Brownie Suits
/ that fit so nice.
nht * * C Some have in'
J^i J laid collars.
— 7\~i Handsome chev
l\\ iots in blues and
i. 7 Vj^- fancies. Th a re's
93W Over Suits
WM^n to pick from and
0 pick won't
<^^ *& last very long.
• Ages 8 to 16
years. Sweep vric,
$2.85.
Ji A pretty lot of
ipi% White Pique
y**^ Scarfs for La.
\* / dies. very
>/v^L^ swell Ribbed
WPL" W§ Pique, in the
sweep,
ft 1/vt
■
nent, though they apparently know it
know.
More Artillery for Tampa.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Batteries 0
and M of the Seventh Artillery, sta
tioned at Fort Meyer, Va., will leave
that place on Monday and proceed to
Tampa, where they will await further
orders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original systes i of treatment.
Xl P i HE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. V X 4" * X* ■ . hydrocele,
swelling anu tenderness of the glands
treated wit., unfailing success. < »n(.i.
piou 1» • <1 i> i* in any of Its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. 1 «iie» will receive special
attention for 1 their many ailments.
WRITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L,
SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal.
34
GENERAL DON JOSE TORAL, MILITARY GOVERNOR OF SANTIAGO.
RECRUITED AN ARMY FOR
THE INVASION OF TEXAS
Two Spanish Officers Sent by Blanco Are Placed
Under Arrest by Mexican Secret Ser
vice Officials.
NEW YORK, July 9.— A Washington special to the Herald says: Cap
tain Luis Manene and Lieutenant Frederic Muniategui. both of the Spanish
army and former passengers on the Norwegian steamer Bergen, have been
arrestod by officers of the Mexican secret service by order of the Minister
of Foreign Affairs and are imprisoned in the City of Mexico.
They were sent to Mexico direct from Havana by Captain General
Blanco with instructions to confer with Spanish sympathizers in Mexico
and to excite the cowboys there called "gauchos," and bring about an
invasion of Trxas in order to draw as much of the United States army
there as possible.
These officers were overzealous in their work, and soon attracted the
attention of the Mexican officials. When they were arrested they had suc
ii in enlisting about oOu Mexicans and Spaniards in their hazardous
undertaking, and were proceeding with the formation of an army of inva
sion. The Mexican Government put a stop to the work at once, and the
officers wili be kept prisoners until they can be returned to Spain.
MERRITT'S
FIRST ACT
Will Be to Open Manila
to Commerce.
THEN COMES THE TARIFFS
REVENUES TO BE COLLECTED
BY AN EXPERT.
These Receipts Will Not Be Turned
Into the Treasury but Will Be
Classed as a Military
Contribution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 9.— A Washington
Bpecial to the Herald says: One of Ma
jor General Merritt's first official acts
as military governor of the Philippines
after the city of Manila is firmly in
possession of the United States forces
will be to declare that port open to
commerce.
When this is done President McKin
ley will make public the schedules
which have been prepared fixing tariff
duties that must be paid on goods im
ported into the islands. These sched
ules have been prepared by the Treas
ury Department and are now in the
possession of the President, but they
will not be made pubiic until the time
for putting them into- effect. Revenues
■will be collected by a custom! expert
sent out by the Treasury Department,
who will act under the directions of
General Meiritt. As long as the cus
toms are collected undrr direction of
the military governor they will not be
turned into the treasury as part o-f the
ordinary customs receipts of the coun
try, but will be accounted as a "mili
tary contribution."
The tariff schedule for the Philippines
■will not follow closely the United States
tariff rates in the Dingley law, but are
based on rates that Spain had in force,
with such modifications as seem de
sirable.
It is expected that the port of Ma
nila w i 1 1 be the first one at which the
new tariff will be put into operation,
but it will be extended to such other
ports in the islands as General Merritt
may open from time to time, and also
to the Lad rone Islands, which will be
under tho jurisdiction of General Mer
ritt jus will also the Carolines, if they
ore taken from Spain before that coun
try sues for peace. If the islands are
permanently held by the United States
the decision as to what revenue and
other laws are to be enforced will rest
with Congress.
Took Ice for the Hospitals.
Eperlnlcable to The Call '■'"-'■ the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISBS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, July 9.—
The ship Bargett of New York, which
has been lying in the harbor here
awaiting for a chance to go to a Cuban
port and remain outside with provisions
to sell, left to-nifiht. Her captain ob
tained permieaion from Admiral Samp
son to lie at Gunntanamo until Santi
ago Us token. Th. 3 Barrett took over
ice for the hospitals.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without rempvai. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PLUCKY WORK
OF THE HAWK
Alone Pursued the Big
Alfonso XIII.
BOAT CREW'S ADVENTURE
ROWS ALMOST TO THE VESSEL
AFTER IT IS GROUNDED.
Made the Target for a Storm of Bul
lets, but Escapes Without a
Man Having Been
Hit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, July 9.— There is now
little doubt that the Spanish steamer
destroyed by the Hawk, Prairie and
Castine at Mariel on Wednesday last
was the transatlantic liner Alfonso XIII
of nearly 6uoo tons.
Although the American ships were
unable to approach close enough to
clearly establish her identity, on ac
count of the brisk fire from the steamer
and shore batteries, her appearance
corresponded almost exactly with the
description of the Alfonso XIII given in
Lloyd's.
The destruction of the ship was a
'< daring piece of work. The credit does
i not all belong to the Prairie, whose big
guns finally encompassed the Span
1 lard's ruin and left her a mass of blaz
: lug, burning wreckage on the beach.
] The work of the little converted yacht
I Hawk was heroic to a degree. It was
! she who first discovered the enemy and
! alone gave chase, running back a short
! distance when the Spaniards drew in
i under the Mariel butteries and close to
the two Spanish gunboats lying in the
harbor.
Before seeking aid, however, the
Hawk lowered a small boat, manned
by Ensign Schofleld and a crew of six
! men. In the bright light of the tropi
: cal moon they pulled boldly to within
a ship's length of the Spaniard after
she had gone aground, thf»ir mission be
| ing to learn her name. From the time
. they left the Hawk until their return
j the small boat and her crew made a
' brilliant target for the machine guns
and small arms aboard the steamer
! and an incessant fire was directed at
i them.
Nothing daunted they drew close
enough to hear spoken orders on the
enemy's deck. Shots were Hying all
around them, but none struck them and
they were eventually compelled to re
turn to their ship without having ful
filled their purpose.
The fire, not only from the Spaniards,
but aJso from the Mariel tower, a sand
battery and Spanish gunboats, con
tinued until the Castine and Prairie
came up and silenced them and de
stroyed the Alfonso XIII.
Dry Docks Repaired.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— Admiral Bunce
sent the welcome news to the Navy De
partment to-day that the repairs on the
big dry dock at the Brooklyn navy yura
had been completed. It is expected that
the battleship lowa may be docked within
the next three weeks and the damage she
sustained during the engagement with
Admiral Cervera's fleet repaired.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
FURNISH FOOD
FOR BUZZARDS
Scenes Among Wrecked
Charnel Houses.
FEARFUL HAVOC WROUGHT
SHIPS ONCE THE PBIDE OF
SPAIN IN A SAD STATE.
Store Than One Hundred Bodies
Burled by Sampson's Orders, but
Mutilated Remains Are Seized
by Vultures.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by the Associated Press.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 7
(by the Associated Press dispatch boat
Dauntless, via Port Antonio, July 8, by
way of Kingston, Jamaica, July 8. — The
vessels which compose Admiral Cer
vera's squadron, converted into wreck
ed charnel houses, are littering the Cu
ban coast, and the scenes of desolation,
ruin, horror and death baffle descrip
tion.
At the entrance of the harbor of San
tiago de Cuba lies the Relna Mercedes.
Westward, five miles from the harbor,
is a torpedo-boat destroyer stuck fast
in the rocks, close in shore and batter
ed by the surf. Rocks jutting out of the
water in front of where she lies hide
her hull from view. Her davits and
the top of her conning tower alone
mark her resting place.
Visible from the sea a few miles fur
ther on, in an inlet embraced by two
mighty arms of black rocks that extend
out half a mile, are the remains of the
twin cruisers Infanta Maria Teresa and
Almirante Oquendo, formerly the pride
of the Spanish navy. On beyond lies
the Vizcaya, a mass of ruins, and
forty-two miles away from Santiago
de Cuba the Cristobal Colon reposes
helpless on her side, with her smoke
stacks under water.
The Infanta Maria Teresa and the
Almirante Oquendo stand upright
stuck fast on the rocky shoals. All
that is left of them is their outer hulls,
the heavy armor defying total anni
hilation. Inside of them the work of
destruction is complete. The boilers,
engines, bunkers and magazines have
been blown into unrecognizable masses
of twisted melted iron. Exploded
shells, burned rifles and revolvers,
pieces of yellow brass work and gold
and silver coin, melted by the intense
heat, are strewn all over the remains
of the once proud armored cruisers,
whose protective decks only stand in
places.
But the most ghastly and horrible
sights In these steel coffins are the
mangled, scarred and charred bodies
of hundreds of brave sailors, sacri
ficed for their country. Buzzards are
feeding off them, and others are hover
ing over the wrecks.
On the beach flocks of vultures sit In I
silence, watching for the sea to give up
Its dead. Every tide adds to the tale
of horror, washing up such objects as,
for instance, a sleeve Inclosing a
wasted firm, others portions of the hu
man body gnawed by sharks and
countless relics of the. battle.
Attention has been given to the
burial of the dead of the enemy and
over 100 bodies taken from the ships or
washed ashore have been interred upon
the beach by Sampson's order.
Those which now remain are either
almost totally consumed by fire,
charred beyond beMef or lie in the
depths of the sea. These form the food
of the buzzards, who keep constant
vigil about. The buried remains lie In
a confused maps, unnumbered and un
named, in a huge pit on the sandy
beach, where the vessels went ashore.
A rude wooden cross from the wreck
age alone marks the grave— a grave
over which Spain may well mourn.
QUARTERS FOR THE
SPANISH PRISONERS
Eight Buildings Hurriedly Erected
to Receive Them at Sea
veys Islands.
"WASHINGTON, July 9.— lt was ex
pected that the Spanish prisoners of
war would arrive at Portsmouth, N.
H., this morning on the steamer St.
Louis. Captain Crowinshield, chief •of
the Navigation Bureau, has just re
turned to Washington, having - pre
pared quarters for the enlisted men
and non-commissioned officers. Being
given carte blanche by the Secretary of
the Navy, this officer succeeded in hav
ing erected in forty-eight, hours eight
buildings 100 feet long by 18 feet
broad for the accommodation of " the
prisoners. The site is at Seaveys Isl
and, In Portsmouth harbor, where it
will be easy to confine them within
bounds.
The Spanish officers will not be land
ed at Portsmouth, but will remain
aboard the St. Louis and be taken to
Annapolis. On the St." Louis there are
forty Spanish officers and 800 men.
_«. —
SAMPSON DEMANDS THE
EVACUATION OF CUBA
Said to Have Given Blanco Forty-
Eight Hours in Which to
Make Reply.
MADRID, July 9.— lt is rumored here
that the Spanish Government has re
ceived a dispatch from Captain General
Blanco announcing that Rear Admiral
Sampson has sent him a telegraphic
message summoning the Spanish com
mander to order the evacuation of Cuba
within forty-eight hours and announc
ing that otherwise the Americans will
bombard all the forts in the island.
— 1. «
To Command the Auxiliary Fleet.
WASHINGTON, July 9,-Oaptain John
R. Bartlett has been ordered by Secretary
Long to take command of the auxiliary
fleet of the United States. Captain Bart
lett relieves Admiral Krben. at present
located at New York City. He will trans
fer the headquarters of the auxiliary fleet
to the Navy Department. Captain Bart
lett ip at present in charpe of the navy
intelligence bureau, one of ihe most im
portant functions of the navy department
at this time. He also organized and direct
ed the signal system which has proved to
be so valuable. In addition to these duties
which he retains, he assumes command of
a fleet of no less than S3 vessels, so that
altogether Captain Bartlett has one of
the most extensive assignments in the
navy.
Making Gas for Balloons.
TAMPA, Fla., July ?).— A sas plant is
being completed by the Government
here. The work is in charge of Major
Reber, who is attached to the signal
corps. Gas will be made here and
placed in cylinders and sent to Cuba
for use in the balloons, it having been
determined that this can be done bet
ter than by taking the <"as plant over.
Besides the biy 30- foot observation
balloon v number of small balloons are
to be sent over. Those are not for ob
servation, but for signaling. Each will
be painted a different color, and one
will be anchored over each division of
, the army.
COLONEL WALLACE F. RANDOLPH, U. S. A., In Command of the
Artillery Before Santiago.
STARVATION AT
GUANTAMANO
An Average of Fifteen
Deaths Daily.
TOWN IS EASY TO CAPTURE
BUT IS NOT WORTH RISKING
LIVES OF TROOPS.
Twenty Thousand Cubans Being Fed
at the West Side of the Harbor
From Supplies Furnished
by the Rid Cross.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
GUANTANAMO, July 8 (by the Asso
i elated Press dispatch-boat Cynthia,
' via Port Antonio and Kingston, July
9). — Advices received by Commander
McCalla of the Marblehead from the
! city of Guantanamo show that the
deaths from starvation average fifteen
dally.
General Perez, the commander of
Guantanamo, has given up hope of
succor, and the town could readily be
taken were it worth while to risk the
lives of the American troops. The en
trance from the upper to the lower
bay is patrolled nightly by steam
launches. The gunboats in the upper
bay have not shown themselves for
several days.
Port Captain Fernandez of Baracoa,
with three officers, was captured by
Commander McCalla as they ran into
this harbor for news. They did not
see the Americans until too late. •
Thousands of Cubans, some estimates
placing the number at 20,000, are being
| fed at the camp on the west side of
the harbor with supplies furnished by
the Red Cross Society.
The health of the marines at Guan
■■ tanamo Is good, but the same cannot
be said of those at Baiquiri, where
forty of the hundred men are on the
; sick list, suffering from low fever.
On July 5 ninety Spaniards appeared
:on the hills west of Baiquiri and
opened fire. The gunboat Manning
replied vigorously and her shells soon
silenced and drove away the enemy.
The siege guns and their ammunition
I are now being unloaded from the trans
port Orizaba to a large barge. The
difficulty is to *ret the guns ashore
; through the surf. It is believed the
i road to Santiago is now passable for
heavy artillery.
ASKS HIS PEOPLE
TO GIVE THANKS
Archbishop Ireland Issues an Ad
dress in Accordance With Mc-
Kinley's Proclamation.
ST. PAUL, July 9.— The following,
which explains itself, has been issued
by Archbishop Ireland:
"The President of the United States
has asked, by proclamation, the people
of the United States, at their next
meeting for worship, to offer thanks to
Almighty God for the victories gained
by our army and navy, and to pray
with earnest fervor that the Almighty
may, in his love for the children of
men, speedily remove from us the af
flictions of war, and bring to our
dear land the blessings of restored
peace and to the domain ravaged by
the cruel strife the boon of security and
tranquillity.
"In aocordan a with the request of the
Chief Magistrate of the nation in all
the churches of thi3 diocese on next
Punday after the high i..ass the
Te Deum will be chanted in thanks
giving for the victories gained and the
Litany of Jesus will be recited for the
speedy granting; of peace to the nations
now engaged in deadly warfare."
The archbishop will himself preach
in the cathedral on Sunday morning,
his theme being this proclamation by
the President.
m
Isham's Dynamite Shells.
CITY OF MEXICO, July 9.-The second
trial of the dynamite shell Invented by the
American engineer, Wlllard Isharn. took
place this mornine: In the presence of
President Diaz, the Minister of War and
United States Minister Clayton, near the
old battlefield of Molina del Rio. The
same gun was used as in the previous
tact. President Diaz and party watched
all the tests with great interest. Minister
Clayton declared that no ship of war
gould receive one of these tremendous
shots without being utterly destroyed, and
President Diaz expressed his gratification
at the perfect Success of the test as did
the Minister of War. Inventor Isham will
go to Washington on Monday.
New Yorkers Beach Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 9.— Bound for the
Philippines, 1300 New Yorkers, com
prising the First New York Provisional
Regiment, reached this city last night
on the Erie railroad, and were trans
ferred to the Northwestern road to con
tinue their journey to join General Mer
ritt. The officers wore the regulation
uniforms, but the men were attired in
citizens' dress.
•
French Warships in Cuban Waters.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The big
French warship D'Estainge has arrived
at Havana with the French admiral on
board. The French authorities will also
send a warship to Santiago.
MISSISSIPPI'S NEW SENATOR.
William Van Amberg Sullivan of Ox-
ford, at present representing the Second
District in Congress, who was appointed
by Governor McLaurin as United States
Senator to succeed the late Edward C.
Walthall, will be one of the youngest
members in the upper house of the Na
tional Legislature, being aged only a few
monlhs over 40. He is a native of the
State, and has always been active in poli
tics, but has been averse to holding office
himself, having accepted the nomination
for Congress in 1896 only in order to break
a deadlock which had continued for sev
eral days. He is a lawyer of marked abil
ity, and as a stump speaker has gained
many admirers. His selection as Senator,
while practically unexpected, has been
received with general satisfaction.
Mr. Sullivan was born near Winona,
December IS, 1857. After attending a coun
try school he went to the University of
Mississippi, and later to Vanderbilt Uni
versity, being graduated from the latter
institution in 1575. Turning to the law,
he began practice at Austin, but In IS7S he
moved to Oxford, when he has since re
sided. Twice his district has sent him as
a delegate to the Democratic National
convention; the first time in 1592, and
again in 1896. When Bryan was nominat
ed at Chicago Mr. Sullivan, at the soiicita
IF YOU ARE WEAK
YOU MAY BE STRONG,
That is cheering news for you, isn't it? But it is very true. All that
weak back, all those shaking knees and all that sense of despair will disap-
pear. What makes you weak ? Drains on the system. You must get rid of
them, for they are getting worse every day. You do not know how badly
your system is being wasted. If you were a healthy man you would be
able to sleep at night and awake fit for your duties. ~ Now, you wake .up
tired and worn out. Alter this state of things at once, man, or you will find
yourself in very serious trouble. Save what little vital force you have, and
take means to repair the damage that has been done to your system. You
can have that elastic step indicative of youthful energy you can recover
:. your vim and your vitality if you will but half try. "Hudyan," the great ■
remedio-treatment of the old Hudsonian doctors, has sent the warm feeling '
of life thrilling to every part of 20,000 men's bodies. Write and ask about •
it. Find out what it has done. No particle of expense to you. Tell the doc-
tors of your troubles and you will be helped. There is no charge for all this.
»«««»»«««» a a a a aaaaa a'a a »»»«»»»»»»»» a a» a a a a a a « a a a a a a a a. a
I MEDICAL ADVICE IS FREE »
I CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS ARE FREE. f
You may be one of the few who imagine there is no help. That is
wrong, for "Hudyan" has never been defeated. In its battle for manhood
it is all powerful. And it makes no difference how weak or how puny you
are, there is certain relief for you. Every State in the Union has cured men
by the hundreds, and many of them who had done nothing but abuse the op-
portunities for sensible living with which they were endowed by nature to ,
begin * life with. "Hudyan" is so potent in : cases of weakening and draining
processes that it stops the waste
I IN" -A. "W" E3 IE 3HC .
When you regain your lost power you remain cured. It is an effective and
a permanent cure that you get from these skilled physicians, and it is -as sure v
as life, and as certain as death; Write and ask about it to-day.
fAINT of your blood is shown in many ways. Watch for copper-
colored spots, ulcers in the mouth, loosening of teeth, falling out of hair :
and the thinning of eyebrows. "30-day blood cure" is what you need. It
will promply cleanse every part of your system of the poison, and it makes
no difference whether it be the primary stage or the tertiary. All the same.
Circulars about "30-day blood cure", are free, too. And don't forget that
IF YOU ARE PUNY
YOU MAY BE GREAT.
V HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
- ' M/^\ ft "I ■'--■ -A--m\ •> X v ft \J I' I .: 1 ' < - ■ . ' * ' ' -. *' - ■ > Jtl^C^MM^o^^S
ADVERTISEMENT".
JULY
5f% A YARD— ISOO yards extra |C ft A YARD— 4O pieces of Fancy
Sjii quality Foulard Silks, choice J Pique, in solid-color stripes of
patterns (broken lines), worth ■**" cadet blue, garnet, navy and
$1.25, $1.00 and 75c, to be green; fast colors. On sale
closed out at 50c a yard. at 15c a yard.
7| A YARD— 4OO pieces of this l#)| ft A PAIR— 2OO dozen Chll-
oP season's latest Wash Goods, I /oR dren's extra heavy, fine rib-
*" in all dainty colorings of light lfc^ w bed, fast black Cotton Hose,
blue, pink and heliotrope. double knees, heels and toes,
Regular price 20c and 15c a sizes 7 to % Regular
yard. price 20c.
r ft A YARD— 2OO pieces of Amer- jr ft A PAIR— 3OO dozen Ladies 1
■JP ican Percales, a good quality, Jjlj Tan Cotton Hose, high-
** ** fast colors. On sale at 5c a * ** spliced heels and toes. The
yard. regular 25c quality.
rypr _ EACH— IS dozen Ladies' Shirt Waists, this season's latest
fOO styles (broken lines). Regular price $1.50 and $1.25.
123 to 129 POST STREET.
tion of the Mississippi delegation, became
a member of the National Committee and
took an active part in the campaign. He
was elected to Congress with practically
no opposition.— Chicago Times-Herald.
OBSTACLES TO PEACE.
The most serious obstacle to peace
with Spain is not military, though mili
tary success will tend to lessen and re
move it. It is the dense ignorance of the
strength of the American nation and the
character of the American people which
prevails among the people of Spain. The
Government must persist in a hopeless
war because it dares not tell the people
it is hopeless. Knowing nothing of the
relative strength of the United States,
and believing blindly in the traditional
puissance of Spain, they would not be
lieve the Government were it to tell the
truth, would denounce it as false and
cowardly and hurl it from power. The
Spanish people have no dfretct part in the
Government, but they have the power of
revolution over it. Their passionate ig
norance makes them the tool of those who
trade in turbulence. Though the Spanish
Government can make war or peace
without consulting the Spanish people, it
must dread the power of the Carlists and
Republicans to excite them to revolution
if it makes a peace they cannot be con
vinced is inevitable.— New York Commer
cial Advertiser.
WAR AND GEOGRAPHY.
"At the rate I am getting on," said the
man of family, "I will soon know as
much geography as my 10-year-old boy."
Indianapolis Journal.
Princeton conferred on Dewey the de
gree of LL. D., Doctor of Laws. It strikes
us that Ph. D. would have been the more
appropriate degree — "Doer of Philip
pines. — Indianapolis News.
"I hear that our young friend intends
to take a plunge on the Board of Trade."
remarked Willie Washington.
"Dear me!" exclaimed Miss Cayenne,
"What a nervy man his father must be!"
Washington Star.THEOBALD
WOLFE TONE
REMEMBERED
Ireland Honors the
Hero's Memory.
jEEDS OF '98 RECALLED
CONTINGENTS FROM DUBLIN
AND ADJOIN) x^'G COUNTIES.
Clancy Tells of the Speeches That
Are Not Pleasant for Those
Who 'ihink the Struggle for
Independence Ended.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
CorrPJTondencc of The Coll.
DUBLIN. June 23.— Ireland— that is,
of course. Nationalist Ireland, which,
after all is the real Ireland— did honor
on Sunday and Monday last to, per
haps, the greatest of the heroes of '9S—
Theobald Wolfe Tone. For many years
past an annual pilgrimage has been
made to Bodenstown church yard, in
the county of Kildare, where Tone
lies buried, and every year a very re
spectable gath rii. • it proved to be; but
on Sunday last, o' course, the gather
ing was exceptionally large and repre
sentative, contingents coming from
Dublin and all the adjoining counties
ns well as from the county of Kildare
Itself. I need not dwell on the cere
monies In the graveyard. The speeches
delivered cannot have been very pleas-
Ing to those who imagine that th:
Btruggie for Irish national independ
ence is at an end. They and the en
thusiasm with which they were re
ceived showed pretty plainly that that
Btruggle is by no means over and that
such concessions as are involve in the
coming local government reform are
not in the least likely to satisfy the
Irish aspirations for national freedom,
i ■:: the day after the demonstration in
Bodenstown a convention took place
in the Rotunda in this city for the pur
of starting a movement for the
n of a public monument t< Wolfe
Tone in Dublin. This also was a very
-sful gathering, and among the
riptions promised on the occasion
was a very considerable one from San
Francisco. Th subscribe in San
Francisco, therefore, will be interested
am that one of the bost sites in
Dublin has been secured for the Tone
monm ■
1 do not know whether all my read
[uairtted with the conforma
of Dublin or its principal streets.
J-.ut those who are will know what I
. when I say that the principal and
most in iiutiu-<i thoroughfares are
i (late Sackville street),
.mi 'land street, College Green,
:i street and one side of St.
Stephen's Green. Those thoroughfares
really one continuous passage,
thuush they do not run in a straight
: 1 they are the places where
• most do congregate." Accord
most of the points of vantage in
them have been already occupied by
statues and other monuments to vari
, rsonages. In O'Connell street
th"re is Nelson's Pillar, which is really
an eyesore, because, from its height, it
cuts the finest thoroughfare in Europe
In two; there are the statues of Father
Mathew, the Apostle of Temperance,
and of Sir John Gray, the man who
the chief agent In providing for
Dub. in the finest water supply in the
three kingdoms; and, finally, the
O'Connell monument — the noblest work
of the great Irish sculptor Foley and
one of the noblest and most artistic
works of its kind in the world. The
O'Connell monument Is at the lower
end cf O'Connell street, just at the
bridge over the Liffey, which also is
called after O'lonnell; and the only
other really prominent spot in O'Con
■ which is now vacant Is at
precisely th<-> opposite end— opposite the
historic building known as the Rotun
da. In Westmoreland street Smith
O'Brien's statue stands at one end — the
O'Connell bridge ond— and the statue
of Tom Moore, the poet, at the other
end, facing one side of the old Parlia
ment House of Ireland. Th^n come the
statues of Goldsmith and Edmund
Burke, G rat tan and King William 111
in College Green, and from that point
the space is clear to the point of junc
tion between Graf ton street and St
Stephen's Green. It is this point which
is to be dedicated to the memorial to
Wolfe Tone, and there could hardly be
a b >tter one, except the vacant spot at
the Rotunda. It is certainly, for the
present at least, the most fashionable
quarter of Dublin, and it is difficult to
s^e where a better site can be found
for the statue to Parnell which will
certainly be erected later on and which
deserves the best site which Dublin can
afford.
We are tn have another Frenrh In
vasion of '98 next August to inaugu
rate the national monument to be
er^otP,] h^re to the mpmory of the men
'•t 'OH. I am reminded of the fact by
the meeting just held In London to
make arrangements for the reception
of the French visitors, among whom
win be Included Borne members of the
Frenrh nobility, and who will be en
tertained in London on their way over
to Dublin by a great banquet In the
former city. Already an influential
committee has been organized to make
preparations for this banquet; and
doubtlem the result will be satisfac
tory. Meanwhile William Redmond,
M. P., brother of the Parnelllte or In-
Nationalist leader, has been
t< '1 an<l in accordance with that
request has arranged to address a
meeting: In Paris in connection with the
celebration (if the '9S centenary; and
the probability is that this also will be
.'i very Interesting gathering. Alto
gether the centenary of '98 promises
to be worthily celebrated, but the cir
cumstance that this war with Spain
hns absolutely prevented the large Im
migration into Ireland nf Trish-Amerl
cans this year has- ;it the same time
• damped enthusiasm in the mat
ter. We were all looking forward to
such an Inroad of American friends
and cousins that the idea of Admiral
Dewey or General Shafter wanting so
many of them quite took our hearts
away.
W e have been very much exercised
In Dublin and throughout the provin
cial towns during the past week, owing
to a circular Issued at the Instance of
th* Government for the purpose of as
certaininc; the views of the exMstlng lo
cal authorities on the question whether
there should be annual or triennial
elections under the new scheme of local
government. As far as I can see, the
triennial system commends Itself to the
Wisdom of most persons. Annual elec
tions In a place like Dublin are already
a nuisance even when they are
conducted on a restricted franchise;
but they would be perfectly intolerable
in large communities when not hun
dreds but thousands of persons would
have the right to and would vote in
every ward. Moreover, the expenses
of the elections— that is, the official ex-
penses — would be borne by the rate
payers and would be a very serious
item under the new conditions. Under
these circumstances it is not wonder
ful that the Dublin corporation and the
majority of the othor local bodies have
voted in favor of the triennial system;
and the probability now is that the
Government will decide in favor of
that system and make it compulsory
throughout the whole of Ireland. Mean
while considerable speculation is going
on in Dublin as to who will be Lord
Mayor for next year under the enlarged
franchise. If the question were to be
decided on political lines, of course
there could be no question as to the re
sult. Dublin is overwhelmingly Par
nellite, and in a purely political con
test none but a Parnellite Lord Mayor
could possibly be elected, as has been
proved by the events of the last four
teen or fifteen years. But many per
sons in the Nationalist ranks think
that political considerations in these
local elections should be at last punk,
that the past should be entirely forgot
ten, and that the majority should elect
a member of the minority; and so it
comes to pass that Sir Robert Sexton,
an Englishman and a Unionist, who
has been a long time a resident and a
prominent member of the Unionist
party in Dublin, but at the same time
a man personally most respectable and
well liked by every class, has been put
forward for" the office of chief magis
trate not merely by his own party but
by a section of the Nationalists, or at
least of those who profess to be Na
tionalists. What will eventually be
done in this matter no one ran at pres
ent say; for the choice of the corpora
tion of Dublin, which will be made on
the first Monday In July, may be
wholly reversed by the new corpora
tion, which will come into office in No
vember on the new franchise. But one
thing at least may be said with abso
lute certainty. It is that if it were
made clear that no political capital
would be made of the election of a
Unionist or Ton' Lord Mayor of Dub
lin, such a man might possibly be elect
ed even unanimously. The whole or
chief question is whether Sir Robert
Sexton would use his position of Lord
Mayor to advance Unionist principles
or the Unionist cause. If he would do
so it would be impossible for National
ists to vote for him: if he would not do
so the result might be different.
This week there has been the annual
reunion at Maynooth College of the
Catholic Bishops and the members of
the Catholic Union of Ireland which
comprises among others several of the
leading minor Catholic ecclesiastics of
Ireland. The most notable outcome of
the gathering- of the Bishops has been
a pretty strong pronouncement against
the managerial system in force in
the Irish national schools. The ques
tion here at issue can hardly be un
derstood by outsiders without some ex
planation. The national schools of Ire
land—that is, the schools supported by
a grant from imperial funds— are man
aged, generally speaking, by Catholic
ck'iKymen <>r by Protestant or Presby
terian clerfvmen. They appoint the
teachers, and the latter may be cash
iered at any time, without any cause
shown, by the manager on three
months' notice. The whole question is
whether the managers should have the
power of dismissal on thn*e months'no
tice or not, and the Catholic Bishop?
Bay they ought, while a large number of
Influential lay Catholics say that they
ought not to have any power of the
kind. Of course, this matter is not go
ing to be settled now; but th" longer a
settlement of it is delayed, the worse
from every r">"t of view; and m<-an
while there is certain to be consider
able friction.
Next week in Parlicmcnt "was to have
been devoted to the question of the
financial relations between England
and Ireland and to the remaining dis
cussiona in the preat local government
bill; but all Irish questions have been
postponed for a week at Westminster,
owing to the illness nf the Chief Sec
retary for Ireland. Mr. Gerald Ralfour.
By the time this letter is published,
therefore, the subject of the local gov
ernment bill for Ireland will again
have been on the tapis if it will not
have actually been finally disposed of.
Whether it will have come to a close
or not, I may add. matters very little,
for the changes in the bill which re
main to be made are of very little im
portance. But it is different regarding
the question of the financial relations
between Oreat Britain and Ireland. On
this matter the controversy is only be
ginning, and that it will continue for
many a year is certain. In a future
letter, I shall outline the controversy
which is herein involved; for the pres
ent, I shall content myself with add
ing that all parties in Ireland are ab
solutely united on this subject, though
how far each of them is prepared to go
in the effort to obtain redress remains
to be seen.
BETROTHED TO THE
GRAND DUCHESS HELEN
Prince Louis Napolecn Bonaparte
May Wed the Daugnter of Vlad
imir, Cousin of Nicholas.
LONDON, July 9.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Dally News says he hears
from a reliable source that Prince Louis
Napoleon Bonaparte, who Is a colonel in
the Russian army, is about to # be be
trothed to the Russian Grand Duchess
Helen, dauphter of Grand Duke Vladimir
and a cousin of Emperor Nicholas.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C^HuS^^ l/fin?tf!?*% jfi!??!^''^!? Q 22^9 f^^*!^?^
\ Perhaps you have
( an employee whoi
| suffers from alco=!
6 holism or drug ad=
! dictions. Perhaps
3 he is worth money
| to you. J
I The Keeley treat= I
\ ment will cure him
Sand make him 9
|more valuable.^
( Give him a chance. )
I Write for printed matter that tells V
«all about It. k
TUB KEELEY INSTITUTES. [*
C 1170 Market Street. San Franclsca ■
2 'J32 North Main Street, Los Ancele*. W
i Fred A. I'o.iocic, Manager H
If beauty Is only skin deep, we can make you
beautiful. Dermatologist JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, 127 West Forty-secon.l st.. New York,
has had 26 yfars' practical experience treating
the skin. Use Woodbury's Facial. Soap, Fa-
cial Cream, Facial Powder and Dental Cream
for the skin and complexion.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
PILATE, will be on. view only a short »^ fijj) . «^* Sijr# Uon Free for th c' asking. Stud in name
time lnvotr. Free, nil mam floor. Obbo- -<^^r jg _ o
site 'Book T)ep't.
SENSATIONAL CUt, ,
SALE OF FINE Oii£\S»
Greatest Silk offering in San
Francisco for Monday and while
quantities last — all . choice, de-
sirable fabrics reduced nearly
one-half to close.
*j Si'ks
X^IWL^X N°ws9cN ° w59c
\ (S^\\\&-}\ G&\ Fancy
Kt^ 7<rvi!r \ Stri P ed
V \$ £ -Tf \ and
\K J2/ .x^ Jacquard
/f\-A X Figured
/ /<^P^\\ WtTX\ Taffeta—
I Hilt " l Wn/ principally
wl light
Vfi! % jJ>^^ lX/V shades—
V \"u^y '"'■* '^~V> AWi fashion-
(^7 p- 0 * '«sil^?l able color-
r^iv^T^A suitable
/^ VVx "«* I or even-
/if^'V\^ s sjA ' n ? wear ~~
If \\\ \\j t&r-f former
r^ 1 rw V \v / price $1.00
i^lV\ l tv\' Xl yard . —
L \/ price
V V/ 59«~.
$J. 50 Silks Now 79c«
Fancy Figured and Warp Print
Taffetas all choice evening shades-
former price 5i. 25 and 51.50 — Q
yard— clearing price /ye
$2.50 Silks New $1.00.
High Class Novelty Jacquard Fig-
ured Silk, all magnificent designs and
colorings — former prices 52. 00 g,-
and 52. 50 yard clearing price M>l«tHJ
Best Flour $1.00.
_ ..yp To our cus-
X: f^^~ r y{^_ m^^ tom;rs in any
I ; s s^^3^p quantity that
SV^fW^l r *~z?^\ they desire —
[%i\f '^*^*i(2? \ but none to the
' ijisvhavi^f \ trade— we will
/■ LJ^iniw se " a " lhis
' v/'*'^*^^/ 0 week Empor-
1/ H^Mntfr^ R ium Flour at
r^itv*. />•"*> co per sack.
/ '"'^Zip** 01 "? This is the
JJ c tn^'u / L^ Af^-^ grocery sensa-
J / tionof the year.
[o^~ We guarantee
the flour to
equal any made, and will refund your
money if it does not please you.
Similar flour costs at the mill to-day
54.75 to 54.85 for a barrel, containing
tour sacks.
Other Grocery. Specials
for the Week.
Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder,
6-ounce size, regularly 5c each, o/r
10 for 4OC
Paraffine Candles, cartoons, 36, . 0
65, reg larlv 68c, this week 40C
Emporium Blend Mocha and Java
Coffe, regularly 35c Ib., you cannot
match it at less than 40c, this ._«
week JUC
Sal Soda, this week 30 lbs. for -_
: zoc
Imported Guinness Extra Stout, Bull
Dog brand, regularly 52.00 <tf Q _
dozen, for 3>*»Oj
Domestic Porter, a superior ar-
ticle, regularly $1.25 dozen, * f A _
for 4>J.UU
Very Fine Muscatel Wine, *. __
regularly $2 gallon, this week 4>J-O/
Duffy's Malt Whiskey, this __
week, per Dottle 75C
Full quart demijohns Old Bourbon
Whiskey, regularly 83c, this /r .
week 60c
Fine Mad-ira Wine, regu- * ft«f t «
larly $1. 50 gallon, this week.. $*• JU
House Furnishings.
Granite Steel Ware.
/f)»— % Berlin Kettle,
&'. jy-y with bale handle,
Ccl>/r hoids 6 quarts,
yjT^ each .....28c
>i^jSr*A Mi. k Pan, holds
//Pf^dt 3 quarts, each 9c
// ' Ji) Oblong Baking
4Z^^,Pm, 14 inches
MI V** A^y*p Ion^» each. ..2sc
Straight Sauce-
y\//i, J^^^ pans, tin covered,
<Sl>t^WM 3-qt.siz-,each23c
?_&• ' ■' ■ _j^<i^f Lipped Sauce-
r^^" *^r^ pan, 3 quart siz?,
"<— -^ \£/ - a each 15c
<J=::= " Pie Plates, 9
inches dhmeter,; each - 6c
C'ffee Pot, good style, 2-quart
siz*, each 25c
Rice 0- Milk Boiler, i^-quart size
only, each 38c
Other Household
Necessities.
Turkey Dusters, full 12-inch siz»,
each 14c
Turkey Dusters, full 14-inch siz?.
each ..•••: »7c
Real Ostrich Dusters, fu.l 12-inch
siz\ each -30c
Wood-Frame Flour Sieve, 12-inch
diameter, ea<h 9c
Gas lamps.
— •* Here's th- latest In-
s —^^ candescent Gas Lamp —
s' r^ can be used without re-
> c^ moving the regular gas
j^.^ globe — and does, not
@fk • spoil the appearance of
,/Mta your fixture — actual
KSWfli value Si each— our spe-
§v'>y! cc ' 1 ' prices:
Jftffi. With best Loop Man-
3§ tie 45c
fl With best Mica Chim-
fjP/l ney :.60c
«•*■' Emporium Incandes-
/ . cent Gas Lamp,
complete, for 3 days
only 75c
Best Loop Mantles. ..2sc
Best Mica Chimneys 20c
Best GiassChimnt-vs 10c
New stock Fancy Gas Lamp Globes
from 15c un.
Gas Lamp Dep't— Rotunda.
THE EMPORIUM.
' Semi-Annua! Hroc:^ fUinHc Brilliant
Clearance of -:l/l-y^^ UUUU^. Bargains.
These finest products of the looms for the summer season, .'9B, now going at
an aveiage of about half former prices.
46-lnch Wool Fancies, in illuminated effects, latest color combinations, that were $i.. i . g\£ow
42-Inch Broken Plaid Combinations, all wool, in dark effects, that were 75c { pa
46-Inch Two-Toned Wool Checks, in cream and tinted grounds, that were 75c | 3vJC
54-Inch Bicycle Suiting, all wool, in tinted effects, that was $i.co / " ■ Yard.
46-Inch Wool Covert Cloth, in newest color combinations, that was $1.25 1
42-lnch Silk and Wool Two-Toned Broche Suiting, in rich street colorings, thati d\OW
was $1.25 I __
45-Inch Wool Crystal Suiting, in all the latest shades, an excellent fabric for/ ' /3C
street wear, that was $1.00 .-. ;. ... . .\ . i
44-Inch Woven Canvas Cloth, in the new blue, new brown, new green and new] Yard.
purple, that was $1.00 .:......../
46-inch Iridescent Tufted Suiting, in the latest color effects, strictly silk and wool, I __
rich and elegant, that was $2.25 .-. ...... I <J\OW
46-Inch Wool Bayadere Suiting, in green, blue and gray,, that was $1.50 — (frt _..
44- Inch Silk and Wool Figured Suiting, in tinted grounds, very rich and effective, $1.01) "■
that was $1. 50 .;■'. ... . ;. (
46-Inch Covert Redfern, distinctly a tailor fabric and in all the prevailing colors, Yard.
that was $1.25 /
All Our Novelty Suits— Suit This Season's Importation— Reduced to Half Price to Close.
Semi-Annual Pt^4- I*l**** Another Week of
Clearance of iJUUIIiiy, Quick Setting.
Men's $10.00 /11-Wo:l Suits..:. (Now Boys' $2.50 Ail- Wool Rc:fer Suit;.. [\ r
Men's $12.50 All- Wool Suits.... <fc^ rw Eoys' $3.00 -A 11- Wool Reerer Suits.. d»j fa
Men's $15.00 All-Wool Suits.... 3>/.3U oys > $3,50 All-Wool R:efer Suits .. 3>1.3v
(*~~\ The popularity of. the **-o> We. don't care where £^\.
rpf^P price, the excellence of th? / / ><^£s you £°» this great offer . r^^^
tt k ß^'^fc' 5 »;« styles, make and rriateri-  m v^"?f cannot be duplicated. .gt »*W
55p» fls&\ y als— tne immensity of the X«g«^» V'is*r S Regular ?2. 50, ?3.cxj and )»» fl (2,/TvK- ~0
*^/TOOv values offered last week, «*P| iOsir 1 $3.50 Reefer Suits, forQ&U&A&XZ. (
j^%^S^, Drought us the largest \\ ft'^^y\^if J^ boys 3 -to B years, are now II m^^ms§B&s>.
f\ \S^Al\ clothing business that we /W\ marked $1.50. They have /fs*3z^\
I I V*J \ have had in months. The / / o^dl I broad, deep collars; hand- lUoo { I
/ / ;>* \ Clearing-Out Sale means / / somely trimmed with /I» O\ f
II 1> I \ that you have the choice / A 00 soutache braid ; made of / J
In I > rfj of more than 50 different I ~^f t good, all-wool fabrics; j_ d^h|[(^ ' J
ill n* I L*f\/ styles, colors and patterns 1 I• , o 0 /"'" various colo:s and ma- t\[~ . I^l >
L Mr fit of plain or fancy Che- U£3 'v- terials. II '°D
I v I (T-viots, Cassimere and "sTa — «v ■« J7\J r. , . * Uzm
Wf// 7 Worsted Suits, the for- ■ 7* "^ Boys' f 5 and 56 - .- S \"T
\Lri I ' m?r prices of which were A Middy Suits..... $0.4^ A\
I / / Ho. «i 2 co »nd Sis. for • \ No better assortment in / \\.
/ / SEVEN DOLLARS AND %J V— Cltv t0 choose from - -A X\
II FIFTY CENTS. (1 \ Bovs's2.soandS3 *. _ c \\
1/ Sizes to fit everybody. / \ KneePantSuits $*./3 J \J
1/ Single or Double / U Boys' 51.75 and $2 *. 1O J Hi
II Breasted Sacks. Make i H A(A Knee Pant Suit 4>1.J0 Jl J-X^.
If and material of every "UxJ Cloth alone would cost J-A.^ o^
II 1 suit guaranteed. . *r? as much. £>'*'
y W^ Boys' New Fall Styles in Odd Knee Pants, at 50c, 75c and $1.00.
Carpets — Mattings — Rugs.
For one week longer we will continue the sale of our Heavy Government Matting — bought before the new
duty was pi iced on matting — heavy as a board nnJ guaranteed to wear for years, regular 40c quality, for ajC
Fine Lino'eum, made of the best quality of pulverized cork and linseed oil, a linoleum guaranteed to wear Mf\
for years, the 60c quality this week f0r.... t-UC
— 75 rolls of the Best Makes of 10- Wire Tapestry Brussels, in modern designs" and fast colors, the gis .
regular 90c a /yard grade, on special sale this week at O3C
Large Wilton Ru?s, made of the best quality of worsted yarn, attractive Oriental and Persian <r>o af
designs, size 72x36 inches, regularly sod for J5.50, this week 3>.J«Z73
Rare Furniture Bargains.
Low prices alone don't maKe bargains ; the jality must be there as well. Here's a combination of the two for
this week that no furniture house in California will attempt to duplicate.
We are goin-; to sell Strong White Emmeled
o o Beds, like picture, single, three-quarter or full width, J^~~S^\
tl^^^j^j^^W with pretty brass iinishin.q:s, good to look qc?
!^rf upon— healthy to sleep in— worth $6 93, for 3>«3«"3 W{s>'^§i\
-*-^--XJLA a This Large Willow Ro:ker, built on a very com- X&?~ r^m\
yS[ "" " v^TC^j^^^^_=O fortable plan, first lass in every particular, made of \Ww^M^k
yV, »yA I^^ tt l) /ft ;rie best material, and worth 54, this week ci^y ok \^ys£r "ißhs^.
'l^'fiE'i'V/. ""^^^^L- Handsome Substantial Solid Oak Bedroom Suitof W^^^l '-^%
■<.■ ' ifefc T^^lt^^r 8 pieces, with very large French beveled -mm wWS^^M^J^
, \**£~^-~J '.' ?~^~~ ' ' "\ glass, regular selling price $30, this wek 3* ■£■£•' 3 *^i^^^^^^P^^^
,-^sc- - ■ — ~^ Parlor Suits, highly polished, mahogany finished, ff^^^^'^^&r'^''^
°~^^ frame upholstered in saiin tapestry, worth GJ~)A 7c "^^"^Cr "jz3
J4O, special price this week 3>j&t-»/ 3 —
SSs Notion Dep't.
India Average Tape 5c bunch
500-vJ. Spool Basting Cotton..4c spool
O.N.T. Crochet Knitting Cotton...
.• 4c ball
O.N.T. Darning Cotton ...2c ball
CaDinet of Hairpins, ico pins...sc each
"Holdfast" Aluminum Hairpins 2ocdoz
Fine Stockinet Dress Shields, as-
sorted siz?s ioc pair
"Onandoff" Dress Shields, for
shirt waists .....25c pair
"Amolin" Dress Shields 25c pair
Re-enforced Corset Steels 5c pair
Si .'c Hose Supporters, ail sizes., ioc pair
Satin Belt Hose Supporters 25c pair
Him Hairpins ioc dozen
Horn Hairpins, extra sizes 4c each
Sid? Combs, latest styles 20; pair
French Hooks and Eyes 5c box
Initials, all letters ioc box
Curling Irons 3c, 4:, and 5c each
"Dexter's" Knitting Cotton 5c ball
Silk Hair Nets, best quality
.........5c and ioc each
SEMI-ANNUAL /l|~.,~ c
CLEARANCE OF UIOVeS.
About 700
c§vV. * ' pairs left of a
yo^v^(\ good quality La-
r^s. \\\\\ dies' Two-Clasp
\S. <vV/v and Four-Button
7>v X£\ Kid Gloves in
"*^>>JV^ \ all sizes — the
~2fZ aU *"> color assortment
f /Fix bad!y broke n—
lit ft » hence the clear-
In! ( / ing price on
ll '-I* J these gi.25 and
) / J1.50 Gloves
( will be *-_,
65c
War Atlas 1 5c.
Latest" War Atlas— l 6 pages of
colored maps, covering all territory of
the existing war. together with many
in cresting statistics— special this ,-,
wtek ISC
R nd-M Nally's Atlas of the World,
'"98" edition— the very latest Atias—
revised up to da^e— 159 pages bound
in cloth— price 51.75— special * t Q -
price ~... vj)L jj
Book Dep't. .
CALIFORNIA'S LJIiiGES-T—AiMbRICA'S GRANDEST SFO%E.
THE EMPORIUM.
Table Covers 39c.
600 Chenille
Table Covers— —^lz^^
attractive pat- f~- —^^l
tern in 10 dif- /-x,^--
ferent color ef- ~\=—
fects — elaborate jj t. nS r_^ r= .- fe:= «
knotted fringe l/%°* '* ' ? =.
all around —45 JM> '-y=r?zz^^.
inches square — L-'^"W^^t'Y^TY^
special this week f^'Jj^wVVVfx
or while quan- $$ > •
tity lasts at v'ttj
39c* ira^s*^"
Underwear kKdinary
50 dozen Ladies.' Richelieu Ribbed
Egyptian Cotton Vests— low neck-
no sleeves— ecru, pink or sky blue —
former price 20c clearance price .^
Children's Fleece-lined Sea Island
Cotton Union Suits — full finished
seam — natural or ecru color — ,j —
worth 40: each — clearance price •*3C
Children's French Ribbed Cotton
Vests— Pants and Boys' Drawer? —
full finished seams — ecru color — regu-
lar price 50c garment— clearance prices
— sizs 2, 3 and 4 5 and 6 7 and 8
~25cT "30c" lJ5c~
Ladies' Fleec.: LiiieJ Egyptian Cot-
ton Vests and Pants— Vests high
neck and long sleeves or high neck —
short sleeve. — ecru, cream or natural
colors — clearing price per gar- <* —
ment *3C
Ladies' "Oneita" Fleece Lined Union
Suits— hUh neck — long sleeves— col-
ors ecru and natural — clearing -^
price only t-UC
Ladies "Zimerli" All-Silk Vests-
low neck, no sleeves— colors white,
Nile, lavender and scarlet— former
price $1.25 and $I.so— clearing — -
price... ..A.... /3C
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Pure
Merino Wool Unshrinkable Vests-
high neck, .Ion; sleeves and high
neck, short sleeves— colors cream,
pink, natural, black — usual price $1.25
per garment— clearing price... ci" nn
THE EMPORIUM.
Wash Fabrics. Sow.
All of the Dainty Printed Engl sh
Long Cloth, in new fast colorings,
stylish and pretty, full 32 inches — x
wide, reduced from ioc yard 0... ■ %C
All of the Handsome 32-inch Fig-
ured Lawns and Dimities, in stripe
and mottled effects, good colorings,
sheer cloth, reduced from I2^c qi
yard to O3C
All of the Stylish Embroidered Grass
Linens, in dot and stripe effects, that
were 20c yard now reduced to i'yif
Linen Crash 7k:.
, 50 pieces Twilled Irish Linen Crash
Toweling, strictly all flax, 18 inches
wide, a good absorbent, was _ x
I2^c yard, clearance sale price... * iC
Croquet Sets.
Hard-
erg ♦»'»-■ — ' \Yii~-**—* tv^,
bright colors— varnhhel— put up in
hinged box— either professional long
malUts or regulation snort handles —
regulrly 52. 5oset— this week ftc
special at..... vDI«yo
Others from Si to Jxi.oo set.
Dress Trimmings.
Real Mohair Two-Toned Tubular
Braid, Teen, navy, brown, gray, car-
dinal and tan, regular price 50c
dozen yards, special sale price.. -*3C
Eiderdowns 7k.
30 pieces High-Grade Printed Cot-
to.i Eiderdown, choice colorings, for
ladies' wrapDers, etc., was I2^c _ ,
yard, clearance sale price.;........ « 2C2 C
I THE EMPORIUM.
Una uuaress eariy, t as cauion win Dt
limited.
35c Handker-
chiefs 15c.
3>o dozen Scalloped Embroidered
Sheer Linen Lawn Handkerchiefs,
comprising a lane assortment of new
patterns, including i4styles in Spanish
hemstitch embroidered effects, worth
25. and 33c each, on Sale to- if
morrow. and until sold, each lOC
REMARKABLE IJ^^* „,,
values in c Hosiery.
LaJies' —^*v • •
40 gauge ' r^^^\
Seamless *// /J ' f//%[\
Fan cv Cot- Wjf % Woi
ton Hose- /A I *///*■ <k~M
black bjots (\\ " '/ , V- X
—solid col- \ \s/^/ V
ored Riche- )\
lieu ribteJ s- —^TF'^ \
tops— pink, It" yr~=E?-?/^ '<ifi )
sky.laven- '•! —^S^^^k^-\
der and >.ar- if=^:r^/ s ii \\
dmal — dou- [1 x<ss. X Wl
bie heels /I \V^I XL i
clearing v&s. W— -
pair.... ivJC \ J > g^^^^r
Ladies' Imported Extra Fine Super
■ Black Cotton Hose — elastic tops —
high spliced heels and toes — Herms-
dorf dye — regular value 20c pair g~
— c earing price IjC
Ladies' Imported Black Super Lisle
Thread Hose — high spliced heels and
double toes — Hermsdorf — regular
price 35c pair — clearing price
Ladies' German Made Fine Maco
Cotton Hose— plain and fancy Riche-
lieu ribbed, high spliced heels — double
soles and toes — Hermsdorf dye — black
and assorted tan shades— per
pair xOC
Children's Heavy Weight Black
Cotton Hose corduroy ribbed — extra
spliced heels and toes — fast black —
sizes 6 to 10— a great Stocking for
school wear— regular low price -_
20c pair — clearing price IJC
Children's Three-Thread Real Maco
Cotton Fine Ribbed Hose— Herms-
dorf's best black — extra spliced heels
and toes— sizes 6 to 10 — former price
50c— clearing price c - ftfk
.....3 pairs for 3>l»v/U
Dollar Shirts 63c.
JWe shall clear
y out the balance
| of our Si.oo line
/ of Men's Colored
Shirts in short
s^ order this week.
j^\ All of the $1.00
£& Laundered Per-
ii \ cale, Madras and
jM \ Oxford Shirts—
Iv-^il his season's
JiV nobby styles —
4 gffull bodies or
2/ patch bosoms,
wi with link cuffs to
' J match. Now on
center counters in Men's Furnishing
Department marked to c105e.... c^>
Suspenders — made of durable web-
bing with woven mohair ends — draw-
ers' supporters and patent cast-offs—
regularly 50c pair — clearing
price aOC
Boys' Silk Finish Balbriggan Shirts
and Drawers — tine gauge — soft elastic
yarn — .ull fashioned and good value
at 75c garment— clearing price.. j-/\
All-Si k Windsors— 6 inches wide —
36 inches long — navy blue ground
with white figures and polka dots
regular 25c value — clearing -^
price YSk.
Men's Australian Wool Vicuna
Shirts and Drawers — ribbed tail and
taped seams— the $1.00 per gar- __
ment kind — clearing price 1 DC
Washable Madras Club Ties — 1 1 is
season's newest patterns — sold every-
where at ioc— clearing price....:.
4 for 25C
Men's Linen Collars lines of
Collars that were sold at 3 for 50c and
2 for — to close them cvt — _
each-
Needlework.
Stamped (T^V-s
Doylies and r^^S.
Center Pieces /-T-^yi
on an excellent W - ft/
quality of . ~k jA
round thread j< v jCi*==*^£ > —
Gsrman linen S^V^^/^ti/D
—silk worked Jf^-^-^Pf ; '/£
•enters- AjM^/ffiW
stamped \n(JL*A' / UpL
neat, small de-Y/jfV// !^\V
signs and easy 1 \M JEff? 5*L V/
to work. ut @C/
-•2x22 in. Si. 20 J^^^^ \
en:er Pieces ' \
— now 85c \\ « 1
18x18 inch 95c Center Pieces 50c
12x12 inch 35c Doylies— now 25c
9x9 inch 25c Doylies— now 15c
Art Dep't.
Imitation Oil Paintings on stretch-
ers—good coloring — charming sub-
jects—pretty and attractive decora-
tions—Monday and Tuesday only.
6xB inch reduced from 50c to 33c
io^xi2H inch reduced from 75c to 58c
1898 Cameras.
History is being made all around
you.. It's very easy to take good pic-
tures of marching soldiers, military
camp;, commanders' headquarters,
ships leaving tor war and a thou-
sand and one other interesting scenes
. to preserve in the years to come. We
instruct beginners and give them the
use 0: our dark room free.
The No. 1 Vive Camera, 1898 model,
that holds 18 glass plates 4^x4^, or
50 cut films— price complete -5- t\*\
2>5.0U
56
SUNDAY JULY io, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««k- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 138. World Buildln*
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£&« Houm
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open. until
9:30 * o'Ctock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second on«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fort Frayne "
California— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Alcazar— -Frodorick the Great
Moroseo's— "Held by the Enemy"
Tlvoll— Mikado*.
Orpkeum— Vaudeville.
Ihe Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 013-pound Man.
French Celebration— the Cijutes. Thursday, July H.
Olympia— Corner >,ason and Eddy Streets, Specialties.
£mro's Baths-Swimming.
El Catnro— Music, dancing, frontier, flehlngr. every Sunday.
laBeball— Sixteenth and Folaom streets th afternoon.
Kecreatlou Park— Baseball this afternoon.
('( ursine — At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing— lnglealde Coursing Park. '
A SUNDAY OF THANKSGIVING.
BY the proclamation of the President calling upon
the people "when they next assemble for public
worship" to give thanks to God for the marvel
ous victories achieved over the fleets of Spain without
loss to ourselves, this Sunday has been set aside as a
day for solemn patriotic observances. As tinder our
Government there is no connection bet.veen church
and state, the proclamation of the President is bind
ing upon none, nevertheless it will be widely and al
most universally observed. It is safe to say the day
will be consecrated as a patriotic Sabbath in every
church in the land.
There can be no question of the appropriateness of
the President's suggestion. The success of our arms
has been of a character to rouse something more than
feelings of mere pride and exultation. The heart of the
nation is assured that the justice of its cause is
founded upon divine law, and that Providence has
made strong our arms in order that the cause may
have a glorious vindication before the eyes of the
world. Only by the most solemn form of thanks
giving and religious observance can we as a people
and as a nation adequately express the profound emo
tions with which we have been stirred since the be
ginning of this conflict, which has summoned our
loyalty and our faith to the dread arbitrament of war.
In the observances of the day all on whom the re
sponsibilities and the dangers of the war rest will be
worthily remembered. Not the President and the
generals only and officers of distinction whose names
are household words will be recalled in the praise
given to those who are now upholding the cause of
the country, of humanity and of God. The commem
oration of this patriotic Sunday will include the mem
ory of every patriot in arms. Moreover, it will ap
peal to all citizens, confirm them in their faith and
their loyalty and remind them of the saying of Hn!y
Writ: Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord:
and the people whom he hath chosen for his own in
heritance."
SOME MINT SAUCE.
THE story told by M. 11. Mead in accounting for
his suspension from the Mint possesses many
points of interest. The fact is evident that the
gentleman will be restored to his position if any such
fight as he may, by legal assistance, be able to make
can have such effect.
Certainly an explanation is due from somebody.
Mr. Mead says that there was an effort made to bribe
him to resign. This method of getting rid of a Gov
ernment employe does not present a pleasing aspect.
Under the rules an employe has a right to his position
until it become forfeit through some breach of dis
cipline or some overt act or an actual crime. Then
there is no occasion for a bribe, and a question arises
whether an official offering the bribe would not be
amenable to condign correction.
However, as the affair will be. made public in all
its details, there is no utility in discussing it at
length now ; A squabble among the executive offi
cers of an institution so large as the Mint and so di
rectly under political control is apt to bring many
facts to light. As' to the precise nature of these facts
we can afford to wait, and for the present judgment
must be withheld.
That the Senate found there had been no bribery
in connection with the payment to the Methodist
Book Concern of a claim so vast that the lobbyists
got a fee of $100,800 is a great comfort. If the
churches were to go into the bribery business they
would find their usefulness along lines of reform se
riously curtailed, and the reflection upon the morals
of the community would not be pleasing.
It was hardly a fair deal to discharge twenty women
employed at the M^int and hire them over again in
order to save their wages during a brief vacation. It
is understood that the salaries of the men working
there went right on without a break.
Surely the patriotic contractors who have been
hiring Chinese to make uniforms for the soldiers
could have afforded to furnish decent cloth. Some
of the coats now in service could bdat those of Joseph
for variety of hue.
As to Sagasta's plan for ending the war, he prob
ably could not devise a better one than to instruct the
Spanish in Cuba to run up a show of white flags and
get out. We commend this to his distinguished con
sideration.
There is beginning to be fear that Truthful Jeems
Creelman, instead of being hit by a Spanish bullet,
has been laid up with chagrin over the discovery that
his employer could lie faster than Truthful Jcems.
There seems to be no certainty that the Alphonse
XIII has beer, sunk, but there is a reasonable assur
ance that something serious has happened to some
Spanish ship thereabouts.
While the Spanish are securing an armistice they
arc also getting a chance to strengthen their posi
tion.
THE ANNEXATION OF HAWAII. '
WE have opposed the annexation of Hawaii, and
our reasons, as published in these columns,
have never been answered neither in the Sen
ate nor in the annexation press.
When annexation was attempted by treaty, it failed.
By the method provided by the constitution, and the
only method so provided, it was impossible ot ac
complishment. Its opponents, having beaten it on the
only field provided by the constitution, had a right to
expect that its proponents would submit to the law
of the land. Instead of such submission they have
chosen to override that law and to win outside of it,
by methods which have no sanction in the constitution
and which were not even defended on constitutional
grounds by those who used them.
Naturally a proceeding so begun and a policy ac
complished by such means must go on in the line
of its projection. Our taxpayers are at once com
pelled to pay the debts of the Dole government and
to put up $100,000 to pay the salaries of a commission
which is to provide and recommend to Congress such
form of government as the Commissioners think
proper. The appointment and payment of such a com
mission has no sanction in the constitution, and that
instrument provides the only form of government and
forms of authority and jurisdiction which the United
States can exercise. As the report of a commission is
to supersede the constitution, the form of government
it may provide is problematical at present.
What it is likely to be may be # surmised by the ac
tion of the Senate. Flushed by their successful breach
of the fundamental law, the annexation Senators gave
us a glimpse of what is to be on their amendments
which were offered to safeguard the rights of the peo
ple of Hawaii and protect white labor and its wages.
These Senators refused the ballot to the native-born
Hawaiian: and to naturalized aliens. They refused also
to repeal the contract labor laws now in force in the
islands. Panoplied in these sinister shadows our sov
ereignty was extended over Hawaii, but not our con
stitution and our system of equal laws created by it.
Our flag was by law unfurled to the eyes of a people,
for the first time in its glorious history, to signify
their disfranchisement and degradation and to take
their birthright. Its folds flutter in the tropic gales
over contract labor laws, which, with their penal
clauses, set up r. system of slavery more open to ob
jection than that which the Civil War destroyed.
But power without respect for the constitution of
the country or regard for the consistency of its policy
has taken autonomy away from Hawaii, against the
protest of 08 per cent of the people, while at the same
moment Americans are dying of wounds and fever to
punish Spain for denying to Cubans the rights we
have taken away from Hawaiians. As we stood for
those rights while the constitution barred the way to
their destruction, we accept what is in the expectation
and for the purpose of aiding in securing for the peo
ple of the islands as good a form of government as
can be had, albeit outside of the constitution.
THE LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL.
AMONG the petitions now before the Board of
Supervisors is one requesting that in the next
tax levy provision be made for an appropria
tion of $200,000 to construct a commodious building
for the Lowell High School. The petition was first
submitted to the Board of Education and has received
the indorsement of that body. It has also received
the approval of a large number of citizens and tax
payers and merits that of the public generally.
The Lowell High School is the oldest institution of
the kind in San Francisco. It has performed a useful
work in our educational development, and among its
graduates are some of the most prominent and in
fluential men in the city. The building it now occu
pies on Sutter street, between Gough and Octavia,
was erected in 1875, and is no longer adequate to the
needs of the institution. The school has outgrown
the edifice, and its future progress and expansion will
be to a large extent hajnpered and halted unless a
more spacious and better arranged and equipped home
is provided for it.
The construction of a new building for the Lowell
school would not imply the abandonment or the
tearing down of the present structure. It is proposed
that the new edifice shall stand on a site now owned
by the city on Sacramento street, between Gough and
Octavia. When the new structure is completed the
present building could be assigned to the use of the
Redding Primary School, which is now housed on the
corner of Pine and Larkin in a building by no means
fitted for the purpose, and in some respects unworthy
of the School Department.
The arguments for the proposed Improvement are
many. The present High School building, while well
fitted for use as a grammar school, is not equal to the
demands of the high school in size, in arrangement,
in equipment, or in the possibility of enlargement.
The classrooms are not large enough for the high
school classes, the halls and staircases arc not suffi
ciently spacious for a school where the classes have to
pass one another frequently in going from one room
to another; it lacks space for laboratories and the
library; the hat and cloak rooms are insufficient for
the pupiis; and it has no assemblj' hall or any room
large enough for a general gathering of the students
for lectures or other purposes.
Each and all of these deficiencies, which have been
tersely stated, could be elaborated, and by full de
tails shown to be a conclusive argument for the con
struction of a new edifice. The sum asked for is not
excessive. No portion of the appropriation is to be
used for the purchase of a site. The city already has
that, and the ground is unoccupied. The improve
ment would give the community a high school build-
ing worthy of the school itself, and at the same time
provide a better home for the Redding School. From
everj r point of view, therefore, the petition for an ap
propriation for the proposed building in the next tax
levy commends itself to all who are interested in our
educational system.
The rumor that the United States may secure full
control of Samoa probably has no basis. The prin
cipal interest there is held by England, the second in
importance by Germany, with America a bad third.
This country has never showed the least desire to
care even for such interest as it possesses, and
neither of the other countries has a reputation for
letting go.
Butcher Weyler is reported in trouble with his
Government. How serious it may be there is no in
formation, but unless serious enough to cause him to
be hanged it will be a distinct disappointment to this
country.
The official register of the navy now makes the
respectable showing of 295 vessels. This does not
include several which experts say can be taken from
the spots where the Spanish left them.
A St. Louis paper which came to hand yesterday
has in triumphant type the announcement, "Santiago
Is Ours." For once St. Louis seems to have scooped
the earth.
Of course the privateer yarn was a fake. It was al
most foolish enough to have come from Cuba with the
solemn indorsement of Hearst.
*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
A FITTING CONCLUSION.
ASSOCIATED PRESS dispatches sum up the
proceedings of the closing day of the session of
the Senate in these words: "After a half
dozen objections had prevented the consideration of
the bill permitting volunteers at the front to cast their
votes for members of Congress, Thurston secured the
adoption of a resolution for the appointment of a
committee of fifteen Senators to attend the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition at Omaha on a stated day.
Then, at i :05 p. m., on motion of Allison, the Senate
went into executive session. At one minute of 2
o'clock the executive session ended and the doors
were opened for the closing legislative session."
It will be seen that the incidents of the day were
small. None the less, they were significant. The
Senators were unable to find time to pass the bill
authorizing volunteers at the- front, or in muster
camps, to vote at the coming elections, but they did
find time to authorize a junketing expedition of fif
teen of their members to the Omah:i exposition, where
they will be neither useful nor ornamental, and where
they might as well have gone on their own money as
at Uncle Sam's expense.
The junketing expedition is a trifling matter. In
the general run of Congressional rake-offs from the
treasury it is almost too small to be noted. The re
fusal to pass the volunteer suffrage bill is, on the
other hand, a gross wrong. The men who have vol
unteered to go to the front will take as earnest an
interest as any other class of citizens in the issues of
the coming campaign, for these are likely to be closely
related to the conduct of the war, and it is therefore
a grave injustice to deprive them of the right and
privilege of casting a vote for the election of Con
gressmen.
During the Civil War the troops at the front were
permitted to vote, and the precedent should have been
followed in this war. Had the Senators been in sym
pathy with the measure and willing to arrange for the
soldier vote it would have taken but little time to do
po. The bill was already before them. It had been
duly passed by the House. It could have been
adopted in less time than was required to adopt the
junketing bill. The only possible conclusion from the
facts, therefore, is that the Senntors for some reason
desire to disfranchise the volunteers, and determined
to carry out the desire by indirection.
It was a fitting close for a session of the Senate
marked by few incidents which can be recalled with
satisfaction, and by many of the opposite character.
As little as possible for the soldiers, the people and
the country, hut as much as possible for the Senators
and their friends, seems to have been the policy of the
session throughout. We have been called upon by
the President to give thanks to-day for our victories
in war. Let us also give some that the Senate has
adjourned.
RECIPROCITY WlTri PERU.
/""* ALIFORNIAN protects against the reciprocity
1 treaty with France have had at least one good
result. They have had the effect of inducing
Commissioner Kasson to consult with Californians
before negotiating further treaties. The gain is an
important one, and the chances are we shall derive
many benefits from it in the way of protecting Cali
fornian interests from further sacrifice.
An illustration is at hand. Mr. Kasson is now
considering a reciprocity treaty with Peru, and this
time, instead of going blindly ahead as he did in the
French case, he has communicated with Senator Per
kins on the subject. Tht Senator referred the letter
to the Chamber of Commerce, by which body it was
in turn referred to the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association. The Peruvians, it seems, desire a 20
per cent reduction of the present duties on wines,
brandies and sugar. All of these are Californian
products, and the proposed treaty is therefore one
which affects us much more nearly than any other
State in the Union.
In replying to the communication from Senator
Perkins, President Sbarboro of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association points out that the
opinion of all parties is strongly against granting any
concessions to foreign countries against the interests
of the products of Califqrnia without receiving any
commensurate benefit for our own products. He
argues that if the duty on wines from Peru to the
United States is to be reduced, there should be a
corresponding reduction in the Peruvian impost
upon our wines. The same plan, he says, should have
been followed in the French treaty. He concludes by
saying:
"I understand that some similar treaty is being
negotiated with Germany and Italy. If so, it is to be
hoped that their tariff on our wines and brandies will
be so reduced as to make it possible to supply those
countries with our own wines and brandies. As
brandy can be produced in Peru from molasses at a
nominal cost, it would come in competition with our
pure grape brandies of California, to the great detri
ment of the trade. When we add to this the facility
with which Peru could make sophisticated wines
from its cheap brandies, you will readily see the dan
gerous grounds upon which we are treading."
What effect these representations will have upon
Commissioner Kasson remains to be seen. It is
something, however, to have won a hearing from
California in such matters. It is becoming more and
more evident that we are to have a hard fight to pro
tect our interests in the various reciprocity treaties
that are to be arranged under the tariff, but it is not
likely we will ever have another so unfair to us as
that arranged with France.
c CHANCE FOR THE SISTER.
AT last the House of Lords seems inclined to
abolish the regulation forbidding a man to
marry his deceased wife's sister. The strangest
feature of the regulation is that it should not have
been abolished long ago.
Provided the sister of a deceased wife be of such
character and personality that if the sister of some
body else she would be desirable in marriage, there
is no reason appealing to common sense why there
should be restrictions. Provided of course, also, that
the decease of the wife had not been encouraged for
the sake of establishing the new relation. Yet, ab
surd as the law seems, there is behind it in England
a strong sentimental support, which, rallying at the
last moment, may yet serve to defeat the attack
upon it.
If a man having married into a family indicate a
wish to do so at a second opportunity, he distinctly
compliments the family, demonstrating that his first
wife had traits such as naturally coloring
the character of those of her blood fit a sur
viving sister more than any other to take the vacant
place. There might be property interests making
such a union desirable from a sordidly practical point
of view. It could be imagined that a widower having
become accustomed to one mother-in-law hesitated
to try an experiment supposed to be fraught with
peril.
In fact, whatever reasons might once have existed
for keeping the law on the statute books appear to
have utterly disappeared.
Admiral Dewey, we are just as proud of you as
ever, but are glad to add there arc others.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Over the door of that Home of Peace
and Veracity, where a white dove with
a roll of the "long green" in its claws
! and the Goddess of Truth wearing a
, crown of thorns would be fit emblems
of the reigning regime; tiie lair of the
Lawrence, the haunt of intellect, the
office of the Examiner, there is a pic
tun^of General Shafter. The nobility
characteristic of Lawrence, who,
through association with Hf irst, has
learned to be truly good, is shown by
i the circumstance that the picture is
I allowed to remain. A vindictive man
[ would tear it down. If venomous as
well as vindictive he would place the
marks of a heel upon it. Shafter is
the official who during a lull of the
battl3 found time to send back word to
this Government that, t story wired by
Hearst was a lie. Everybody knew
this, and that for malign stupidity no
recorded act since Judas kissed his
Master had been more dispicable than
the sending of a message which tended
to bring our arms Into disrepute, to ex
pose our men to the danger of assas
sination, and to disgrace newspapers by
demonstrating that among them were
sheet 3 so low and vile as to, print the
drivel of a disloyal and dangerous citi
zen who even in exile could not resist
the impulse to do his troubled country
an ill. Shafter but emphasized the
brand which common judgment had
put on Hearst. Yet Lawrence does not
take the picture down. Such forgive
ness is little less than grand. I do not
see how it could be carried further un
less there bo rainted and attached to
the picture a legend something like
this: "This is the patriot-soldier who
says we are 1 rs, and we gurvj he is
right."
• • ♦
Almost every day a report comes that
there is peace talk in r^mi-official cir
cles. I would like to know what a
semi-official circle is.
An Eastern paper laments that there
Is no rhyme for Cuba. What', the mat
ter with Yuba? And in every orchestra
of full strength some musician blows
rugged chunks of melody from a tuba.
Evidently the mourning poet never
heard of the rhythmic process known
as patting Juba. The chap may have a
faculty for construction of jingles, but
he seems to lack information.
It is meet that the humble citizen
bow to the Supreme Court. Far be it
from me to say that it does not on all
occasions know its business. Not long
ago an attorney exacted a confession
from a murderer whom he had engaged
to defend, and while in the murderer's
pay tried to sell the confession to the
papers, haggling noisily about the
price. Haymond is the attorney's
name, and the effort made to disbar
him received general sanction until it
had progressed as far as the Supreme
Court. While there is n- paucity of
contemptible people in the world and
a fair proportion of these are admitted
to the bar, It had never been my for
tune to learn of a trick more shabby
than that attempted by Haymond, and
I have known a tramp to steal crape
from the door of the house of mourn
ing. The Supreme Sourt declares, how
ever, that Haymond has been guilty of
no crime, and is free from the shadow
of moral turpitude. Had the ruling
come from a source less august some
degree of doubt might have marked its
reception. I congratulate Haymond.
He must have been surprised. Possi
bly there would be no crime and no
turpitude in his sending a basket of
wino to the distinguished gentlemen
who have given him a certificate of
character.
• • »
No, "Patron," I will not answer your
questions. In *he first place I couldn't,
and in the second place this paper
maintains at great cost a query editor
who knows everything:
It is a matter of regret to me that
Hubbard T. Smith, v c consul to Kobe,
should have sailed so soon, as the re
marks about to follow are designed for
his instruction and spiritual uplifting.
Smith follows vice-consuling as a reg
ular business, but makes excursions
into literature as a ide issue. Perhaps
it might be more fitting to term these
"foraging expeditions," as I note with
pain that one of the songs he modestly
ascribes to his own rhyme factory had
the honor of being the product of a
greater than a Smith. It is the familiar
story of the green peach, Little John
and his Sister Sue, the combination
and the melancholy result. Smith took
the jingle, added to each verse the re
frain "'Listen to my tale of woe" and
asserts authorship of the whole thing.
He could as veil add an exclamation
point to the fcrngs of Solomon and en
hance his reputation by posing as the
writer of them in their entirety. The
poem does not represent much of an
achievement in letters, but such as it
is the credit for it must be given to
Eugene Field. I do not like to see a
dead friend obbed. "The Peach,"
which is the real name of the ditty,
first appeared in a Missouri paper,
whether at St. Joseph or Kansas City
I am not now certain. Field told me
the only reason he gave it a place
among his poems published in book
form was that so many jays had ac
quired the habit of saying they had
written it. He did not think it worth
quarreling about, but put it into his
volume so as 10 quietly project these
sinners out of the paths of error into
the sun-kissed open of reform. Smith
does not seem to have been projected.
• - •
On a recent da'e there appeared In
| this paper a letter signed "Publicola."
' I do not know the author, but have no
doubt of his sincerity. Neither have I
the least doubt that he is wholly wrong
!in his views. He fears that this great
j republic is following in the footsteps
of the Roman republic. The expression
■■ of this fear on the part of the conserva
tive is so common as to be painful.
The government under which we live
)is not following footsteps. It is blazing
I its way. As well assert that the loco
motive of to-day is trying to rival the
ox cart, or accuse the arc light of imi
tation of the tallow dip. "We live in a
different world from that th old Ro
mans knew. There is no reason why
the precedents they set should be re
spected, nor for supposing that an effort
which would have resulted in failure
then would lead to similar results now.
As new conditions arise it becomes a
duty to meet them, not to shrink from
responsibilities. "Publicola" does not
seem to understand that the stride of
By HENRY JAMES.
civilization is rather to be encouraged
than otherwise, and that it is the
natural part of this people not only to
move with it, but to set the pace. We
have resources of intelligence, inven
tion, letters, patriotism of which the
Roman in the zenith of his barbaric
splendor never dreamed. He knew
nothing of telegraphy, the warship, the
13-inch gun. Because h° had no Frank
lin and no Edison do we err that we
employ electricity for power and light?
What the Romans may have done mat
ters nothing to us. We live in the pres
ent and the future. When "Publicola"
asks: "Are American institutions to be
permanently changed? Do the new
conditions of modern times demand a
political revolution?" I answer freely
and gladly: They are and they do. The
babe outgrows his swaddling clothes.
The nation born in the stress of con
flict, nurtured tenderly, becomes great
and strong. For it to stand till is to
perish. For it to attempt to stand stfll
is to be unutterably selfish and invite
destruction. Never mind Rome. It
passed away because of the process of
evolution by which all things pass. To
ask if new conditions demand a politi
cal revolution is merely to ask if any
new condition requires recognition of
the fact that It is not like the old. A
man in the Arctic wears furs. Trans
port him to the tropics and he strips
the furs off or suffers discomfort. He
is in new conditions. Our forefathers
devised laws of profound and impres
sive character, their basis in justice.
But could they have thought out the
precise development of the centuries
and made laws to fit them they would
have been more than statesmen and
patriots. They would have been more
than human. In case of the extension
of our holdings to embrace the present
insular possessions of Spain we can
provide for down-trr '* >n people an en
lightened government, give them free
dom, schools, manual training, uplift
them morally. We can enlarge our
trade, our influence, and take among
thf nations of the earth the place to
which by reason of numbers, strength
and harmonious growth we have the
right. By declining to accept this place
we check not alone our own progress,
but that of millions in whose welfare
we ought to feel an interest. "Publi
cola" is fearful that a large army
would be necessary. I would rather
maintain that than an army of tramps,
a legion of the unemployed. He is
afraid also that we would have to build
the second greatest navy in the world.
We ought to do this and begin now.
But the whole subject is too vast to be
more than mentioned here. I hope in
a general way to have made my mean-
Ing clear. Hawaii is ours. I think that
we will take the Philippines, Cuba,
Porto Rico and the other Spanish is
lands, and the Stars and Stripes once
raised above them ought to remain on
high. We have lived to ourselves and
for ourselves. It has been the policy of
wisdom. Let us not pursue it when it
has become the policy of folly. I have
only the privilege of writing here as an
individual American, but I declare the
belief that the necessity for entering
upon a colonial career Is now as press-
Ing as was once the necessity for re
fraining from it.
• *
Not long ago the Boston Transcript
brought to the defense of a shipping
company depending on Americans for
support, which had sold vessels to Spain
knowing them to be for use against
this country, all the weight of its edi
torial respectability. It really argued
well, considering ths fact that it had
no case, and seemed to convince itself
that the act of the company had been
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: Drink I
£ Good Health to the Boys in Blue t
♦ With American's Best Tea +
+ Every pound of which pays 1O cents -♦•
"♦- war tax to Uncle Sam's Boys in Blue. **"
X Until July 15th we will pay Uncle Sam's +
♦ war tax often cents per pound on tea "♦:
X sold from all of our 108 Money Saving X
4- Stores. After July 15th you pay ten _ +
'0 cents war tax on tea. ; .-♦■
• - . . .. .... +•
X SIS!/ Good Health to the +
X BJ SIB PS It Boys in Blue
♦ WITH . -f
: American's Best Tea. -I
♦ +
-f Quality Prices • "♦;
>• Best Obtainable. Lowest in America. "*
: Great American Importing Tea Co. I
X SPEAKING FOR THEIR /J
X 108 Money Saving Stores. X
"*" CITY STORES. +
X ; 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. >
♦ i 140 Sixth St. •' 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearay St. 4
♦ 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. 3285 Mission St. ♦
X 355 Hayes St. ' 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery Ay *
+ 218 Third St \52 Market St. 705 Larkin St ' X
♦ . 1190 Kentucky St. +
+ OMK.LA.ND STORES.
X:; 1052 Washington St., Oakland. • 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland, ■+
+ ,--, 917 Broadway, Oakland. ":. 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland. ' "*"
t 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. 1355 Park St., Alaraeda.- • * X
4- +
+ A Good Time +
: to Buy Tea. *
but in response to an emotion of pa
triotism. Now it is trying to do as
much in behalf of Professor Charles
Eliot Norton, but with indifferent suc
cess. Wl n a citizen of this land stands
on his hind legs while he bellows dis
approval of a war In which the nation
is engaged and counsels the young men
not to respond to the call to arms he
may get the Transcript or any other
sheet to announce his patriotism until
all its biggest type are ink-black In the
face and the patriotism won't be there.
Many pretty Incidents growing out of
the war have been related, and one of
them seems worth repeating here. It
was of a Spanish woman at Manila
who was in great distress of mind over
the approach of the Americans. She
had been taught to believe that they
were coming to Inaugurate a season
of murder and rapine. Seeking the
British Consul she threw herself upon
his protection. "Madame," he said
gently, "honor and virtue are safer in
Manila to-day than they have been in
three hundred years." It was a trib
ute which the people of this nation will
appreciate, and shows one Anglo-Saxon
trait which makes the English speak
ing people a class, apart.
Senator Wellington of Maryland Is a
disgrace to his State. Proud old Mary
land feels the humiliation keenly. Wel
lington says openly that if he had his
way the army would be withdrawn
from Cuba and Dewey ordered to
capitulate. This is the talk of a
traitor.
• * *
There are many criticisms passed
upon the conduct of the war which
have only the effect of producing irrf .
tation and demonstrating the nerve of
the critic. Even some of the observers
on the field of action show their ignor
ance, and from this distance the im-
I possibility of telling generals and ad
! mirals how to deport themselves in the
face of the enemy is apparent. The
men before Santiago have undergone
hardships, but the theory that war can
| be so managed as to be a picnic has
|no supporters among military men.
j There is a healthy tendency to resent
I the Imputations cast upon the ability
i and patriotism of American officers.
i Nut long ago I heard a man declare
\ that General Merritt was a coward,
| and while I sought by peaceful argu
j ment to convince him of his error an
other citizen, of muscular build, came
into the game and gave the first a
I thumping. I see that another fellow
has been licked for having charged
Shafter with mismanagement of the
campaign. It served him right. We
don't know whether Shafter has done
as well as he might have done, and,
anyhow, those of us who never smelled
smoke and haven't enlisted for the
chance of doing so are in a position to
sing small.
* *
John Lathrop, well known here as a
newspaper m»n, but latterly in New
York, has enlisted as a private there.
i Lathrop was a club man, particular as
ito dress and the niceties of living. His
reputation was that of a good reporter,
a better city editor, and whatever his
journalistic duty, always a gentleman.
For such a men to go into the ranks
is a sacrifice, and proves the only im
pulse- leading to the act a high-toned
and honorable patriotism. I hope La- ■
throp will come back from the wars un
scathed arr 1 weighed down with medals
for gallantry.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits, 50c lt>, in fire etched
boxes. 627 Market st.. Palace building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USINO
Acker's Dyppepnia Tablets. One littie tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunded
Sold in handsome tin boxes at No Perce-Haea
Pharmacy. "£ . . • . ■> ■•-"•
• . . /,r. ■'.•; ■'•■■■..>..■ -•'.£■."■
IN DDFiPD TO fTPT TT OTTTr^I^T V Our Fine Goods Must Now Be Slaughtered at
UN KJtKLJL^bt; Iyj VJC, 111 Ul^lVi-, I prices which Are an Absolute insult to the Best
Manufacturers on this Continent, Who Constructed Them. AN HONEST CONFESSION IS GOOD FOR THE SOUL.
We are HEAVILY OVERSTOCKED and must unload forthwith. To do this QUICKLY we shall start in to. sacrifice our
MONEY SAVERS!
THIS WEEK!
Men's Late Style Strictly Ail-Wool Suits, cut to fit, made to
wear, buttons married to the doth, and worth $12 and
$10 of any man's money, must now waltz off 0Q A L
our high-piled counters at the gift price of. .
Several hundred Handsomely Tailored $13.50 Men's Suits, made
from the most stylish and best wearing fabrics, suits that
fairly shout "I am Tailor-Made," cut by artists of repute
and made by workmen who thoroughly know the art of
fashioning garments so that one's mirror will take an
individual pride in reflecting him. will go at the flfl Jj r
easily paid price of J
Thousands of Gents' Semi-Dress Suits, made from fine im-
ported cheviots, rich worsteds and neat cassimeres, cut,
made and trimmed in the height of fashion, in all shapes
and late styles, suits which no house in the city will sell
you for a cent less than $15.00, your pick and choice
goes THIS WEEK at the ridiculously low flf) ft r
price of 0 JiT"O
Bargains in Men's Trousers.
UNPARALLELED IN THE HISTORY OF THE CLOTHING TRADE.
1648 Men's All-Wool Pants, made up with an eye to give the
wearer excellent service, and sold at other stores at $3.00,
will go into this week's great " BARGAIN CAR- 0d f\r
NIVAL" at OIiUD
Men's Handsome Late Style Pants, made to sell for $4.50, in
neat stripes, fancy cheviots and hairline cassi- dirt B r
meres, will be given away at 02-iT B J
For Dress Wear.
Gents' Fine Full Dress Coats and Vests, silk lined and worth
$22.50, will go till all sold at the next-to- flirt TA
nothing price of 01/ i 3U
'y/^P^ £\J yJ = \j tV l/VrCIN V • Jf * J li_ /"* \ .J, \j \j —2,\3 t I^FAPW »
NE. CORNER SUTTER. . /\VOld lil C YUS l\ . " NE. CORNER SUTTER.
MAIL ORDERS Promptly and Conscientiously Filled. No goods ' STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING During this Great Sale,
charged at these money-losing prices. LOOK FOR RED SIGNS! Brilliantly Illuminated.
It 111 111 lit 111 111 111 111 HI 111 lit 111 111 111 111 nt 111 ii . ii in 111 *■• in •••■•••>•■ , ....• 11l ...x...
WORKERS WHO
NEVER WEARY
Red Cross Supplies on
Transport Steamers.
READING MATTER AND GAMES
MANY ENTERTAINMENTS FOB
THE SOCIETY'S BENEFIT.
The Noble Work of Elizabeth Win
dall, A^ed Twelve Years — Other
Notes of General
Interest.
During the past two days the Red Cross
Society has been busily engaged in send
ing necessaries aboard the two transports
that are noon to leave for the Philippines.
The reading matter that proved so com
forting to the boys in blue who have al
ready gone, was duplicated, and along
•with it the latest Ramcs and puzzles were
cent to be used in whiling away the time
on the long trip. Drugs, delicacies, cloth-
Ing, and, in fact, everything that can be
used to advantage has been loaded in the
large cases that were put aboard. The
ladies who compose the beneficent organi
sation never tire. Just as soon as one
expedition Is supplied they go about pre
paring for the next.
The following donations were received at the
Etata roome yesterday : From ladies' Park
Vineyard Cloverdale, French Gulch, Oakland,
Walnut Creek, Mendocino, Fresno. Miss W. F.
Booth, Berkeley, Concord. R. D. Circle (Tracy),
Petaluma, Los Angeles, San Jose and An
tloch.
The workers at Callstoga have made an Im
provement on the arm slings, a sample of
which has been placed in the window at 16
Post street.
One of the Tennessee boys was taken to the
Lane Hospital yesterday. He was suffering
from ophthalmia, and had he not been removed
he might have lust his Bight within twelve
hours.
Subscriptions were received from the follow
ing yesterday raising the local fund to (61,
712 M: Mr. Tricot. San Andreas. $100; friend, i
12 60; from Americans, Whitewater, B. C, $10; j
American Lemonade .Stand, Hotel Mateo, $1 40;
employes .Navy Department, Union Iron Works
(second subscription), $10 50: George Lyons (sec
ond subscription), 'Jjc; memberships, $22; col
lected at a. W. Clark & Co.'*, $13.
Miss Hattle Nathan, the dramatic reader, will
give a novel recital at Highlands, Piedmont,
the elegant home of Mr*. I. L. Hequa, who ha»
been a zealous worker In personally superin
tending the wants of the boys In blue at the
wharf. 'Die recital will be In aid of the Keel
Cross Society. Miss Nathan Is an artist of
recognized ability and has won many laurels
by her clever dialect and dramatic renditions.
As the hostess is well known in social circles
the affair will undoubtedly be an artistic and
financial £uccesß.
Donations were received at 16 Post street
from First Baptist Church, Kddy street; Forum
Club. Mrs. D. Grey, friend*, Kosenthal &
Feder, Miss Welsheimer. Miss Weber, Mrs.
Koblnson, Mrs. Leavltt.
Mips Burke, chairman of the postal commit
tee, n-rei ■•'-.! donations from friends, Mlsi 10.
Castle, Miss H. Castle, Mrs. 11. Dreyfus, Red
Crons postal box on Post ntn-.-t, Mrs. Derby,
Mies L. King, Mrs. Beck. Miss A. de Trerney,
Mrs. I. L. Kequa.
At Selby on the evening of June 22 a Red
Cpisk benefit was given by Miss KU/.abeth
Wlndall, assisted by her brothers and the
children of the town An admlnslofl of 10 cents
wan charged and J22 was realized. As tlie
promoter of the entertainment Is but 12 years
of age she Is to be congratulated on her suc
cess. The following programme was rendered"
March and song to "The Ked. White and
Blue," by children of Selby: recitation, "Guilty
or Not Guilty," Grace Hely; rancy dance, Mil
dred Wlndall; vocal solo, "Serenade," FJiza
beth and Florence Wlndall; recltntion. "The
Soldier and the Geese," Anton l>jpez; song,
•Remember the Maine," Rebecca Thomas;
recitatoln, "Dewey at Manila." Elizabeth Wln
dall; recitation, "One to Six." Lizzie Frank
vlch; song, "Columbia," Maud Windall; reci
tation, "Dewey on the lut of May," Hazel
Reid; patriotic address, Willie Sylvia; instru
mental solo, "Star-Spangled Banner," Archie
Wlndall; recitation, "Memorial Day," Fran
ces Irti; recitation. "In the Flowery Month
of June," Milton Jonep; song, "In the Wreck
age of the Maine," Florence Windall; recita
tion. "Letting- the Old Cat Die," Ada Hely;
"The Gypsy Girl's Dance," Maud Wlndall: dia
logue, "A Slight Misundrstanding," Elizabeth
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
oMammoth and most Stylish Stock of Men's ando
Boys' Fine Clothing, Hats and Furnishing Goods at
prices that'll open the eyes and pocket-books of the
intelligent clothing-buying public as by magic — with-
out any ifs or ands.
Not Stopping for an Instant to Consider
Cost, Loss or Worth.
•
BRIGHT AND EARLY to-morrow morning we shall throw open our
\ Low-Price Gates upon the RICHEST "OUTPUTS" of the world's fashion
1 centers, and invite the public at large to come and graze in the green
pastures of the MIGHTIEST BONA-FIDE BARGAINS ever turned loose by
| any RELIABLE CLOTHING FIRM in America. Others may have made
equally as strong an assertion, but come and see the difference which
exists HERE, where only the LIVING TRUTH is expounded, and at other
shops, who eke out an existence by throwing CHAFF in the eyes of their
gullible patrons by offering them Gold Dollars for Hayseeds 313 days out
!of the year's 365. RIGHT NOW OUR FINE AND RELIABLE GOODS will
be MASSACRED at LOWER PRICES than you'll pay elsewhere for shoddy,
out-of-date and ill-fitting stuff — dear to the wearer at any price.
READ CAREFULLY THE PHENOMENAL VALUES quoted at the
right and left of this column, then come and see with YOUR OWN EYES
the GREATEST GENUINE BARGAINS OF
. . . THE 19th CENTURY ...
Wlndall and Rebecca Thomas; chorus, "Amer
ica," children of Selby.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daugh
ters of St. George, who are to be assisted
by the Sons of St. George, are making
elaborate arrangements for a grand en
tertainment In aid of the Red Cross So
ciety.
The Red Cross Society of Alameda will
be given a benefit on July 15 and 10, Fri
day and Saturday evenings, and Satur
day matinee, at Armory Hall, on Park
street. The new drama by Alice Kings
bury Cooley, "Father and Son," will be
given by an excellent company of profes
sional players.
Mrs. Kobinson and Mrs. Leavitt, repre
senting the Mission Literary Society,
brought In a large donation. They had
given an entertainment, and with the
money realized bought material, which
they have since made up.
The Pacillc Pine Lumber Company,
through Lester Herrick, has been most
generous and given floor covering for
five hospital tents.
Books and magazines are desired, but
no papers.
All the comfort hags which were sent
Incomplete have been filled and all should
see th§ now pattern before making more.
The demand for scissors cannot be sup
plied. Every man wants one.
Mrs. K. \V. Brown, Mrs. Merrill and
Mrs. A. S. Halljdle gave a donation of
money to be spent on the Tennessee boys.
One hundred and forty recruits arrived
yesterday and 250 are expected to-day.
Hoos Bros, have been most kind In as
sisting the decoration committee at the
ferry.
Employes of the Navy Department at
the Union Iron Works have promised a
monthly subscription of $10 50.
The New York regiment of 1365 men are
expected next Thursday.
The executive committee announces
that it has availed Itself of an offer of
the Overland Monthly to print In full the
reports read at the open meeting of the
San Francisco R?d Cross Society on the
evening of June SO at Golden Gate Hall.
The Overland will give monthly space to
reports and other matter not available
for the columns of the daily press. A Red
Cross department may be expected In
each issue, which will be edited in turn
by the State association and the local
society. _
CAFE SPRECKELS, 15th floor, Call building,
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Maison
de I' Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 76c; dinner, with wine. SL
SOCIETY PERSONALS.
Mrs. Christian \V. Smith, accompanied
by her neice. Miss Helen F. Morrison, has
just returned from Aetna Springs.
Senator Frank McGowan Is on a pro
fessional trip to Humboldt County.
Hon. George H. Morrison, president of
the I. O. O. F. Home at Thermallto, ac
companied by Trustee David Newell, Is
now at the home on a tour of inspection.
Mrs. Mercedes Graves, Miss Ada
Graves and Will Graves have taken a
cottage In Santa Cruz for the season.
W. W. Pennycook has returned to San
Francisco nfter having spent four months
on the northern coast.
Mrs. George Bunker will leave for Wil
son's Inn Saturday, July 9, to be gone
three weeks.
Mrs. M. J. Brady and daughter, Lillian
F., left Thursday for a few weeks' visit
to Skaggs Springs.
Rev. Mrs. M. S. Levy of this city and
daughter, Miss Welcome Rae, after a de
lightful trip, have arrived safely In Hon
olulu, where they are visiting Herman
M, Levy, located on that island.
Misa E. V. McCloskey is spending the
summer In San Rafael.
Mies Annie E. Nyhan and her niece,
Mlbs Gertrude Lynch, have gone to San
Jose for a two weeks' vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Blbo and family
are spending the summer at Mountain
View Ranch, Santa Cruz.
Mrs. H. P. Bush and her son, Arthur,
have left for Howell Mountain, where
they will remain during the month.
Miss Blanche Allenberg la spending the
summer at Camp Bongee in Larkspur,
and has discontinued her day at home for
the season.
Miss Marie Walsh and her sister are
spending the summer at San Rafael.
Professor Samuel Adelsteln is staying
at Shasta Soda Springs, Slskiyou County,
He will visit Castle Crag next week and
take a trip to Lake Tahoe before return
ing from his vncation.
Miss Alyce Judkins and Miss Jennie
Russell, of Alameda. are the guests of
Captain Cousen-s of the steamer Umatllla,
which sailed on the Gth for Seattle.
Mrs. Milzner and niece. Miss Helena
Morgenstern, of Vacavllle are stopping at
the Hotel Mlramar for the summer.
Mrs. A. Solomon and daughter, Miss
Ruth Solomon, of Helena, Montana, are
spending their summer vacation at the
Hotel Mlramar.
Mrs. W. H. Schad of San Francisco and
her daughter, Miss Hazel Scliad. are vis
iting friends at Santa Monica.
Major and Mrs. \V. O Oould and H. F.
Gould have moved from '.(04 Vai^Ness
avenue to northwest corner of Page and
Central avenue.
Mrs. S. H. Burtis has returned from a
pleasant visit with her sister, Mrs. C. L.
Donohoe, of Santa Barbara.
Dr. M. W. Fredrick and party are so
journing in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Lando, accompan
ied by their sons, are at San Rafael for
the summer.
Mrs. M. J. Fontana and family will
spend the month of July at Shasta
Springs.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Is guaranteed to give entire satisfaction
and cures dandruff, itching scalp or stops
falling hair and do all that is claimed for
it or money refunded, by all leading
druggists. Sample sent free by Smith
Bros., Fresno, Cal.
• ♦ «
IMPROVEMENTS IN RICHMOND.
The Point Lobos Club Will Ask for a
Liberal Appropriation.
The executive committee of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club is pondering
over the amount of money necessary to
make, permanent improvements In the
Richmond District.
The first and by far the most Important
question under consideration by the com
mittee is to secure a sufficient appropria
tion from the Supervisors for the con
struction of a twelve class schoolhouse
and also for the improvement of the
present building on First avenue, known
as the Richmond Primary. This building
was erected at a time when the attend
ance numbered less than fifty, but it was
capable of accommodating all the chil
dren west of Central avenue at that time.
Now, however, this building and the
three shanties hired by the Board of Edu
cation In the district are not sufficiently
largo to accommodate all of the children
who seek admission, and as a consequence
the executive committee, at the request
of the parents, who have formed them
selves into a parents' club, will ask for
sufficient money to build a school capable
of accommodating every child who wishes
to attend.
A request will aJso be made for a liberal
appropriation for the Park Commission
ers. This matter will be urged with more
i .
PARENTS
WHO HAVE BOYS TO CLOTHE— NOW'S YOUR CHANCE TO
BUY TWO SUITS at about the cost o? ONE ELSEWHERE.
Child's 2-Piece Strictly All-Wool Reefer Suits, all sizes, neat nobby tfM Or
styles, made to sell at $3.50, will now be slaughtered at. . Oil oo
Child's 2-Piece Short Pants, made up in rich. styles from fine fabrics, suits
that will cost you from $4 to $5 at any store in town. Your Art VI C
pick and boy's size will go this week at. OZit"J
Young Men's Suits.
AGES 13 TO 19.
Several hundred Nobby All-Wool Late Style Suits, in neat patterns, QM Qr
made up to sell for $7.50, $8 and $9, will go this week at &*tio3
Rich Stylish Semi-Dress Suits, for young gentlemen of good taste, made
from handsome worsteds, serviceable cheviots and neat cassimeres,
worth $12.00 and sold nowhere under. $10.00, will go D[J fir
this week at ....... OUi*t3
EXTRA SPECIAL!
The Celebrated "Star"
$1.00 SHIRT WAISTS, in handsome styles, will go this week OP-
"MOTHERS' FRIEND" BLOUSE WAISTS, a bargain at 50c, Qfl n
cut to JUU
Bargain Seekers, Attention.
THIS WEEK— Gents' Regular 15c Black and Brown Balbriggan P-
Sox will , go at U U
Your choice of $1.00, 75c and 50c Neckwear, in rich and newest Of-
Silks, will go at OuU
O« 3 FOR 31.00.
Men's Hats at Gift Prices.
Men's Regular $1.50 Late Style Fedora Hats, in all the new and "TRft
most stylish colorings. Your size this week only. | Oil
GENTS' DERBY AND FEDORA HATS, in all the leading agency
blocks and late colors, worth $2.50 and $2.00, will go this (Jj ftp
week at. - ". ...... Oil Z0
THESE ARE THE GREATEST HAT VALUES IN AMERICA WITH-
OUT QUESTION OR DOUBT.
. - »
force this year than on former occasions,
the reason being that since A. B. Spreck
els has been a member of the Park Com
missioners and Its president the subject
of Improvements on Point Lobos avenue
and the cutting of an opening Into the
park at First avenue has been favorably
entertained by the Commissioners, who
have promised to aid any and all under
takings whereby the Park and the av
enues leading- thereto can be made more
accessible to the people of Richmond. It
is considered that $50,000 at least should
be appropriated for the bituminizing of
Point Lobos avenue from Central to First
avenue.
President Fletcher of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club is of the opinion that a
slanting cut should be made, leading from
First avenue into the Park. This would be
a great advantage to persons driving from
the Presidio. Fulton street from First
avenue to the entrance of the Park is not
only in bad condition, but dangerous to
drivers of light teams and wheelmen, be
cause of the cars which occupy the center
of the street. It Is urged that the north
, ift, ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
6ECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-No. 7.
. PAINLESS EXTRACTION!
V^Vad oJJthe D&/^ consultation FREE.
«ft^ n\ r A^ $//*i> OUR SPECIALTY-Crown and Bridfta
\^H\\iy7^EK N&» Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
TVT tP* : OF?%'% i _^— - -" The Cl in is alwnys uheud in Advanced
. "~~~Z_EJf/ J&J>, ', /fiVr^^'" Dental Science. No Students Employed.
THte For the Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be •
rTTC M^V^^^^S^T^^^ nl^ • FULL SET OF TEETH for U6O up
Kf»D 4ffi>''''iiffiPs\& VfkT?*_ GOLD CROWNS. 22k...........;... 350 up
' rUK y^Wb{A' %r*&''\\ Y VV^^ BRIDGE WORK, per t00th....... 360 up
X u&Zf a ''\x* SILVER FILLING 25c up
- -iS y&} & *% Extracted gold filling 75c up
— ——«,{£ ; A \a FILLED-- cleaning teeth .......'..........:... 50c up
TEETH %j$ & Srid^woS A Physician Always in Attendance.
WITHOUT PAIN. SKILLED OPERATORS— ATTENDANT
Office Hours— a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9a. m. to 2p. m. ;
side of the park is not properly provided
I with entrances leading into Richmond and
Point Lobos avenues.
But first of all comes the cry for better
: school facilities for the Richmond chil
dren. • • . *
■ ♦ ■ -
Catholic Ladies Remembered.
The ladies of the Catholic Truth Socl
j ety stationed in the camp of the Twen
! tleth Kansas are intensely gratified over
a gift from the members of the command.
; Since the regiment has be^n in camp the
i ladles have devoted all their time to the
| welfare and comfort of the boys. That
' their efforts were appreciated was evi
denced yesterday when a committee of
; soldiers presented the ladies with a beau
tiful silk flag. The boys could think of
i no better way to express their gratitude,
I so a collection was taken up among the
i men. all of whom subscribed- liberally,
and the flag was purchased and present-
I ed in a graceful speech, which was aa
| happily responded to.
78
CALIFORNIA'S NEW REGIMENT
READY FOR ACTIVE SERVICE
MAJOR GENERAL OTIS, with
a military force, will assist
Rear Admiral Miller and the
navy at the formal taking pos
session of the Hawaiian Is
lands, lie will probably depart for the
islands this week, though the exact
date has not been decided upun. Briga
dier General H. G. Otis will accompany
him, leaving General Miller in com
mand of the expeditionary forces re
maining in Camp Merrltt.
The Eighth California Regiment has
been completed and mustered into the
volunteer service. In this connection
California has established a record
which challenges every State In the
Union. # In the space of thirty hours
after the Woodland men refused to en
ter the Bervice, Governor Budd received
offers from half a dozen cities to fill
the vacancy, accepted that of San Jos<\
the new men were enrolled under the
din 'tion of Captain Baldwin and Lieu
tenant Adel, passed a preliminary ex
amination, traveled to Camp Barrett,
were again examined, twelve of them
being rejected: mustered into the ser
vice and entered upon camp lite, draw
ing rations and blank* ts. Such a feat
is unparalleled, and it would be n<> ex
aggeration to say that California could
turn over to Uncle Sam 5000 men as
promptly as she did 100. for the revolt
of one company did not crush patriot
ism In the State. To-morrow the
Eighth will be fully equipped and ready
to go to Cuba, Hawaii or Manila.
Colo iel Hi nshaw has already report
ed to Major General < His and to the
War Depu.rtm.tnt that his regiment is
complete.
HAWAIIAN ANNEXATION.
Causes Uncertainty as to the
Date of the Departure of
Major-General Otis.
The annexation of the Hawaiian Islands
has temporarily unsettled the plans of
Major General Otis, the date of whose
departure for Manila has been rendered
uncertain, although it will be in the near
future. It has been decided by the au
thorities at Washington that the formal
occupation of the islands shall be accom
panied by both a military and naval dis
play at Honolulu. The naval part of the
programme will be carried out under the
t!:r tion of Rear Admiral Joseph N. Mil
ler, in command of the Pacific station.
Ho will sail for Honolulu on the 20th of
this month on the cruiser Philadelphia,
■which by that time will be fully manned
and equipped for the voyage. The Phila
delphia will 'reach Honolulu about the
27th.
Major General Otis, who is to represent
the military arm of the Government on
this occasion, is in correspondence with
the Washington authorities, who have
asked him several important questions,
to which he has replied, at the Si.m^
time offering some suggestions and mak
ing some recommendations. Until the
Honolulu programme is delinitely settled
VICTIMS OF A YELLOW PREVARICATOR
<
The Coloradans quartered at Camp Merrltt have received their baptism of <
yellow journalism, and they don't like It. They have fallen under the notice
of a Hearstllng and they are exceedingly wroth thereat. They do not hesi
tate to say in plainest language that they have been maligned and lied about
by this subordinate. \\ hat would have happened to them had Hearst him
self with his chief butcher, Honora Lame. been here can only be conjee- •
tured. The following self-explanatory communication may serve as a warn
ing to the maligner of the Colorado boys, to give them a wide berth here- ■
after:
CAMP MERRITT. July 9, 1898— Editor Call: I beg to refute a statement published .
In to-day's Examiner to the effect that fifty members of the detachment of the First •
tdo Regiment, now here, ar<-> under arrest and In the guard house for various •
offenses. Such a statement Is without a shadow of truth, and I wish to say to the ■
people of San Francisco that this Is not the first time that paper has lied about the <
men from Colorado.
Out of our detachment of 300 men we have had only one In the'puard house in the*
past two weeks. This can be proven by t£e officers In command. Respectfully,
HENRY R. HARRIS, Sergeant, Company G, First Colorado Volunteers.
Major General Otis can make no head
way either in this matter or in regard to
getting off ihe transports Peru ajid City
of Puebla.
The troops announced to go to Manila
In these steamers are six troops of the
Fourth Cavalry, two batteries of the
Sixth Artillery, five companies of the
Fourteenth Infantry, sixty men of the
Third Artillery anil some recruits for the
Hospital Corps, Signal Corps and Eight
eenth [nfantry. It is not likely that this
assignment will be changed, as the men
have packed their belongings, and some
of the heavy property is being loaded on
the steamers, which will be ready for the
troops this evening. However, the troops
will not be ordered on board until definite
orders bave been received from Washing
ton. It would prove no surprise if these
troops are ordertd to stop «t Honolulu
long enough to participate in the annexa
tion demonstration.
It was Intended by General Otis that
the Peru and City of Puebla should sail
to-morrow afternoon; but now it is not
known on what day they will take their
departure. However, it will be some time
this week.
General Otis has received no official
notice df the destination of the First New
York Volunteers, In command of Colonel
Dearborn, to arrive here next Tuesday,
but takes it for granted, as stated in the
newspaper dispatches, that ttaey are
going to Honolulu for permanent station
there, and, therefore, will have to Im
mediately provide for them.
General Otis was asked whether the
Eighth California Regiment would go to
Honolulu, and ho replied that it mlgnt be
sent there. This regiment has not yet
been turned over to the Department of the
Pacific. It was originally intended to send
It to Cuba.
Affairs may be so shaped that General
Otis will accompany Rear Admiral Mil
ler on the Philadelphia to Honolulu, and
after the 'Stars and Stripes have been
hoisted, proceed to Manila in another ves
sol. He will be accompanied to Manila
by Brigadier General Harrison Gray Otis,
who has received instructions to be pre
pared to sail any day.
In addition to the Pennsylvania and Rio
Janeiro, the St. Paul will very likely be
chartered for the fifth expedition. One
thousand dollars per day will be paid for
this steamer.
The Titanla has been rejected caving to
a disagreement as to price, and also In
regard to her registry, she now being un
der the Norwegian flap:. The sailing ship
Tacoma K-ts been taken for the transpor
tation of 230 horses and mules and a large
quantity of supplies. The terms upon
Which this vessel, the property of the
Alaska Packers' Association, has been
charterer! arc $200 per day from the. time
the ship is taken by the Government until
returned t" the owners at Snn Francisco.
The Government is to have the use of tho
entire vessel, excepting the quarter for
the ship':: officers and crew, and room for
their provisions. The owner Is to furnish
plfin's officers, crew and provisions for the
same; also to do the cooking required for
the number of troons necessary to put
aboard the vessel for caro of stock to be
transported therein— the Government to
furnish the provisions for the troops. The
Government is to take war risks on the
vessel on n valuation of seventy-five thou
sand dollars— the sea risks and ordinary
wear and tear of vessel to be borne by
owners.
Tho Seventh California will probably be
sent to Maiiiln with the fifth expedition.
Shoes for the So'diers.
Oscar Lewis, manager of the Manu-
I facturers' and Producers' Association of
California, states that si;uO pairs of army
; shoes were ordered yesterday by the
quartermaster's department from various
California maufaeturers, principally from
Buckingham & Heeht and Calm, Nickels
burg & Co. He says that this is one of
the many beneficial results that have ac
crued to the manufacturers and dealers
of the coast through the persistent efforts
of Major Oscar F. Long.
1
VOLUNTEERS IN FACT.
The Eighth California Regiment
Completed and Mustered
Into the Service.
CAMP BARRETT, Fruitvale, July 9.—
1 The Eighth California Regiment, United
States Volunteer: Infantry, is now under
control of the Government. The State of
California was relieved of responsibility
when Captain Murray mustered Company
M into the service this afternoon. Colonel
1 Henshaw will assume formal control of
I the camp to-morrow, when strict military
law will be inforced. The men have hard
| ly yet realized the fact that they are not
' on a summer encampment, but they will
i next week. Every effort will be made to
: make this regiment the crack one of the
i State.
CompanyM was mustered in just before
- dark, to-night, with Captain Baldwin,
First Lieutenant Adel, and Second Lieu
[ , tenant Peart in command. Captain Bald
win and Lieutenant Adel worked all night
' in San Jose, last night, preparing their
: men for the examination, to-day. A pre
. liminary examination was held last night,
1 in which twenty-two of the lirst forty
six applicants were rejected. To-day
■ twelve ul those who came up from San
i Jose were rejected. Eighty-six San Jose
i boys, six Woodland men, who refused to
■ leave camp, and a number of Oakland
■ | young nun constitute this company. The
i San Jose contingent came up in three
special cars all festooned, anci on their ar
rival here were greeted with cheers. The
Red Cross Society gave them a lunch and
! dinner to-night.
Captain William Smith of Company H,
Redding, received his appointment this
I afternoon as first lieutenant of Company
L. He was mustered In at once, after
sending a ready acceptance to Adjutant
General Barrett. Captain Smith is re
• ceiving the warmest praise from his su-
I perior officers for his gallant and gentle
. manly conduct during the unfortunate oc
currences of the past few days. Ilia
bearing has won him the respect of every
i one and hearty congratulations poured In
. upon him to-day.
B. M. English, son of W. D. English, has
i been commissioned second lieutenant of
Company D. This completes the regiment
with the exception of chaplain.
Arrangements are being made to give
, the men target practice. They will prob
! ably be detailed in squads to some point
beyond Hayward for that purpose. The
: Haywards electric line has kindly offered
' the regiment free transportation in spe
cial cars.
Every company has been hard at work
'. all day. The men are Improving at a
; marvelous rate and not a few of the
captains ha.vo proved themselves ex
j cellent drill masters. One lieutenant hau
j his company stack arms in the company
streets while in column of fours.
The hospital has three new patients, all
suffering from light attacks of malarial
i fever. They are N. G. Folsom, private,
Company L; J. A. Keyes, private, Com
i pany F; 1,. Silver, private. Company H.
' Private Evans of Grass Valley, at the
County Hospital, though reported dead
! by the San Francisco papers, is much
j better, and there is strong hope for his
complete recovery. Private J. J. Reckers
of Colusa is also better to-day.
An interesting coincidence in regard to
the camping of troops at Sather Station
at the present time, and also in IS6I.
during the civil war, is recalled by J.
Frederick, who .was one of the Cali
fornia cavalrymen who enlisted during
the civil war. The first man from- that
body of troops to be killed was a man
bearing the same name as that by which
the present camp at Sather is called—
Barrett. The man who was killed was
a second lieutenant In a San Francisco
company. He lost his life in a skirmish
with a small body of Confederates near
Tucson, Arizona.
Lieutenant W. H. Cobbledick, of Com
pany F, is In charge of the officers' mess
this week. He was one of the most anx
ious to enlist all through the time they
were awaiting the Governor's call. He
Is full of patriotism and rightly so, for
he was born on the Fourth of July. When
a mere baby he made soldiers of sticks,
or his playmates, and has been an ardent
National Guardsman for years. He is a
good tactician and a general favorite
among the men and officers.
The Eighth Regiment band is making
rapid progress and will soon be giving
evening concerts for the public. Leader
Gomez is giving the musicians -plenty of
practice. To-day George Walker, a tuba
player of Geyservllle, was added to the
complement of men and greatly improved
the band.
Twenty-three men are now under In
struction, and three more are expected
next week. All the Instruments are to be
silver-plated at an early date.
Company C had their photographs taken
to-day with all the men and officers. All
drills will be excused Sunday except
guard mount at 4:.°,0 p m.
SAX JOSE, July «i.— Company M, Eighth
Regiment, got away for Camp Barrett on
the 9:20 train this morning. This Is San
Jose's second contribution to the war, and
the departure aroused Rreat pride and
enthusiasm among the people. The com
pany, under command of Captain Bald
win, was escorted to the depot by Phil
Sheridan Post, G. A. R.. and the Dewey
Club. Llttio time was had for prepara
tion, but the sendoft given the boys this
morning showed that the community Is
intensely patriotic. The line of march
was thronged with crowds." and at the'
depot there was a largu number to bid the
sol. Hers good-by.
During yesterday afternoon and evening
and this morning over 150 members signed
the roll, but some of these were rejected
on physical examination. Eighty-five
men departed with Captain Baldwin this
morning, and Lieutenant Adel took
twenty-three more recruits with him this
alter noon. Twelve men also left Santa
Clara this evening; to join Company M.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Surgeon Pago Rapidly Recov-
ering — Promotions in the
Twenty-Eighth Kansas.
Assistants Surgeons W. W. Rablee and
Ira L.idd, Seventh California, who have
been assigned to temporary duty at the
Division Hospital, reported to Major
Owen yesterday.
Assistant Surgeon Henry Page, TT. S.
A., who for the past ten days has been
confined In the French Hospital with an
attack of meningitis, was discharged
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
CAVALRYMEN DEPLOYED FOR A SKIRMISH DRILL AT TFjE PRESIDIO.
from that institution yesterday. He has
removed to the Presidio, and will not re
port for duty for several days.
First Lieutenant C. S. Hunt, Company
M, South Dakota, has resigned his com
mission, and it has been accepted by the
War Department.*
Colonel Smith, First Tennessee Regi
ment, left yesterday for a visit to friends
across the bay. He will return this even
ing.
Thirteen recruits for the Second Oregon
Regiment arrived at Camp Merritt yes
terday from Portland.
Private Miller, Company D, Twenty
third Infantry, who was returned from
Honolulu as being physically unlit to go
to Manila, is at present attached to tne
Third Battalion of the Twenty-third. Ho
will no doubt be discharged from the ser
vice.
The following promotions have been
made in the. Twentieth Kansas Regiment:
To be regimental quartermaster, First
Lieutenant \V. P. Hull of Company I; to
be first lieutenant. Ernest Agnew, for
merly second lieutenant of Company M,
now assigned to Company I, and to be
second lieutenant of Company M. First
Sergeant C. Hamilton, formerly of Com
pany B. There were also several promo
tions among the non-commissioned offi
cers.
ADMIRAL MILLER
HAS NO ORDERS
SAILING OF THE BENNINGTON
AND PHILADELPHIA.
The Latter Ship Will Leave for Hono
lulu on the Twentieth of
This Month.
A great deal of speculation Is being In
dulged in both as to the time of departure
and the destination of the Philadelphia
and the Bennington. Admiral Miller un
der whose command both of these ships
are placed said last night: "I have not
yet received orders in regard to the Ben-
nington. As a consequence I can not say
just where she will be sent. The orders
may come to-morrow or they may not
come for some time, and then again the
disposition of the ship may be left to me
entirely.
"I expect to sail on the Philadelphia
about the 20th of the month and I think
that all will be put in readiness at that
time. In case of any unforeseen contin
gency, making it impossible to sail on
the Philadelphia at that time, it may be
necessary to send the P.ennington to Hon
olulu. In that case I would very probably
go to Honolulu by steamship. The officers
and the crew of both ships are very
anxious to get away and can hardly iblde
the time of sailing. The report that the
Bennington is going to the Ladrono Isl
ands is untrue. I have not been Apprised
of any such intention of the Government
to send the Bennington to that place and
I would be the first who would receive In
formation from headquarters concerning
that matter."
Volunteer Engineers.
There are now at the camp of the Sec
ond Regiment of United States Volunteer
Engineers, on the Presidio plain, three
companies of this organization. Company
L is officered by Captain Ricken and First
Lieutenant Brittan, and comes from San
Francisco. The officers of Company I,
from Denver, are Captain Draper and
Second Lieutenant Kerns. Company M,
which arrived from Portland, Or., yester
day, has for its officers Captain Freeman,
First Lieutenant Coolidge and Second
Lieutenant Tannant. This battalion is
in command of Major Langfitt, and the
quartermaster Is First Lieutenant F. C.
Turner. Company K. from Salt Lake, is
expected to arrive in Oakland Monday
evening. The colonel of the regiment,
Willard Young, has gone to Chicago,
where the regimental headquarters and
the First and Second battalions are lo
cated.
Military Orders.
Private George S. Thurman, Company
A. Second Battalion, California Volunteer
Infantry, now at Camp Merrltt. has been
transferred to the First California, now
at Manila.
Private- Thomas E. O'Brien, Battery A,
Third Artillery, hag been transferred to
Light Battery G, Sixth Artillery.
The following troops at Camp Morrltt
are to be paid to-morrow up to June 30:
Battalion. Twenty-third United States In
fantry; detachment of Batteries G and
L, Third Artillery, and hospital corps.
Patrick Lynch has been detailed as
commissary sergeant on the transport
Peru.
Hans Hoch Is to be examined for pro
motion to the grade of hospital steward
to-morrow morning at Camp Merrltt.
Ovation to the Tennesseeans.
The churches and the Young People's
Societies, In conjunction with the Chris
tian Commission, are arranging to give
tho Tennessee regiment a splendid ova
tion at Mechanics' Pavilion next Thurs
day evening, at the drill for the benefit
of the work of the commission. A chorus
of several hundred voices will furnish
music and there will bo several short
j addresses. This will be the first oppor- !
I tunity of welcoming the T< nm ssee rai
ment at a public entertainment. Tickets
are now on sale at the association build
ing, Mason and 3-:ilis streets. The Young
People are especially interested in this
drill.
ON HIS OWN MOTION.
The Facts in Regard to the j
Permanent Retirement of
Major R. H. White.
The placing of Maj. R. H. White, United '
States Surgeon, upon the retired list was i
done at his own request. Some weeks
ago Major White waa, much to his sur
prise, highly complimented upon being
appointed chief surgeon of the Philippine
expeditionary forces by Major General
Scaofield, with whom he served at West
Point, when the general was military in
structor at the Academy.
Surgeon General Sternberg, however,
thought that Lieutenant Colonel Henry
Llpplncott, who outranked Major White,
was entitled to the place, and thereupon
the latter gracefully yielded the point, as
he did not care to go to ihe Philippines |
for any length of time in the subordinate
position of assistant chief Burgeon. Be
at once wrote to a friend at Washington
to thank Surgeon General Sternberg for
relieving him, and at the same time he
applied for permanent retirement. His
request was promptly complied with,
wnich was considered not only as a great
favor, but as a compliment, as the appli
cation could have been refused. The
granting of this request is proof that Ma-
s ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' ~
•B+B4-B+B+B^B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B4-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+fl+fl+B+B4-fl+B+B+llA^fl+ilHr^+^^
«— ~_ 9B9SBERHHBB "" -.-v. . ■
I
His Famous Electric Belt Has Made Them Strong — He Has Made Life a Pleasure
to Over 10,000 Men During the Last Five Years.
DR. SANDEN claims that the vital energy of men is Electricity. When men are weak it is because this great force has been drained from their bodies, leaving the vital
ris-jMS- partS "f ' ess and cold. Electricity properly applied will restore the life the vim
mm \ frw&» fir S/Sfidpo 9^ Ffprinr Rpft
N ( s? ./ f^f W\ This great Belt is the result of years of study. Dr. Sanden applies it in a
j!misiiMy^<r — — " <^ '^^"^ s*3^ manner taught him by years of successful practice. It cannot fail to do the work.
ji^r v S I *\i l^sl !t sends life into the body ' and this life wiil build up the fulsome energy of youth
»L vß^JP^tfff-^hifcL' OVER 500 TESTIMONIALS, ,
ml /mS*» M^H^^l^ - The honesty of evBry one vouched for "P on a forfeit of 51000, have proven the fact
Sew '^^^^BBBBBT^/ XP/ IMk at ° r " Sanden ' S Belt cures weak men of the losses and drains that lear down
IMfe I-^M • hi 4SW you cannot doubt THIS PROOF:
V;~ "'*..•• ,-X;-, "■' (^i&^^si3gWt : ' "V-?" V -?- ' ''-rrm-^ 1 ' 'fSsjlP*^ nervousness, sleepless nights and terrific' pains in 'my back' and V,'v
W'-'^'->5/ ii ".' • ->; :-V '.' v 'L__ -- rf^* i! Q niyhts were miserable, and when I awoke in the morning I felt worse than
££*' JL~. f ■^^$$E£&£C^ ' ' ' ' l "i!^%lSlS^k. B ' close r att ention was my condition when I procured one of your belts!
S|iS»s. V^bai^ralSN^^^^^'^S«i^n^^ close attention nerved steadier, and " to. feel relief, my lef^m^Wd
W^^l' t mo / < ; Peaceful, my nerves steadier, and, above all, the pains left mv h^
Jmssst\. iSl^i^ r=r^T2ljOU\X.^ and back entirely. In three months I was practically restored to health i
J&W&Silgw ' X >¥-$ I %BKSm SV 3 * *g\ =\ 2\^ "i-V T23 35va 1 am convinced that your Belt- is a wonder, and have not missed an oonortu-
• v ;,:. : 0\ 1, \'6^si^Sß P-J e?M X A nit> ;i° preach its merits to my friends: nor shall I. for I have the utmost
lsW^gj la* 'fel^'M^ JJ^i ri! JU S T -I confidence in it. lam yours, respectfully, GEORGE ADAMS
/f*VV B^S^fe"'^* "^ *-*-* ~* ■* —* —J ' Storekeeper Great Northern Railway, Interbay Wash
M»^ ARE YOU A WEAK MAN !
"^lsi^'i if!" I' \ V' 7^ v ''4ll It will cure you. Dr. Sanden - has studied on this line for years, and will give you the benefit of his knowledge free of
Jbbß\\ I A IPfll i \Pl^l^» ' charge. His success is in his own personal effort, and it is given free to his patients. The reason that all other electric
' \ rW^^S appliances fall, where his Belt cures; is the lack of intelligent application. " Dr. Sanden is an electrician and a physician
JmS/f^i "^jftlf^w^jilll and applies his personal attention to every case. He cannot fail. '
A*^-^ a\mjajq who are weak and sick. Call or address
DR. ;A.: T. SANDEN, ' *"Tot IN DRUB STORES.
702 Market Street, Corner Kcarny, San Francisco. Dr. Sandens Electric Beit
' • .b. b Officehourß,Ba.m.toBj/ni:. ; ; Sunday , 10 street; Denver. Colo.. 931 IlxteknthkrfcC; • nor office.^ llng agent . B - 9^
I jor White's services entitled him to re
: tirement.
"So far as the case of Lieutenant Col
onel Morris is concerned," said Major
White, "I had nothing whatever to do
with bringing him before the retiring
j board, and know nothing whatever ol the
; matter, execept as it has come before
. the board, of which I was a member.
I Colonel Morris has a gallant record as a
I soldier, and it is the farthest from my
] thoughts to do an Injustice to such a
! man."
"I have nothing to say," observed Lieu
tenant Colonel Morris yesterday after
| noon, when questioned regarding the ar
| tide In relation to Major White and him
i pelf, "except that 1 am in no way re
sponsible for the publication, and do not
j propose to try my case in the newspa
pers. It strikes me that some one is
evidently trying to create a coldness be
tween Major White and myself."
m
Tennessee Boys in Camp Life.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The Tennessee sol
diers will give "Life in Camp" at the
Macdonough Theater next Friday evening
for a Red Cross benefit. It will be en
livened by war songs, some of which
were sung by the boys in gray in 1863. A
I regular Southern cake walk by "colored
I gentlemen." banjo playing. Zouave drill
and "Little Zeke," the regimental mas
cot, will be some of the attractions, be
sides the routine of camp life.
The Lutheran Synod.
The third day's session of the Lutheran
District Synod, corner of Eddy and Gough
streets, took place yesterday. After the
ordinary opening of the meeting a number
of committee reports were received and
several applications for membership were
granted. The synod again entered upon
the theses treating of the divinity of
Christ, and a number of Scriptural pas
sages were adduced. It was announced
that Rev. JLI. Hagist would preach at the
Lutheran St. Paul's church this morning
and Rev. Mr. Heuer of Idaho in the even
ing. The meeting then adjourned till Mon
day morning.
■ ♦ ■
BOTH HANDS BURNED.
Narrow Escape of G. W. Daubs, a
Painter, From Instant Death.
G. W. Daubs, a painter, living at 64-3
Jessie street, had a narrow escape from
instant death yesterday. Daubs was en
gaged In painting a house on Van Ness
avenue and California street, when he
took hold of a live wire.
The shuck hurled him from the roof to
the staging- a few feet below, to which he
clung until rescued by several citizens
who witnessed the accident. Daubs was
at once removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found that he had
escaped with slight burns on both hands.
Had the unfortunate man missed the
staging he would have been precipitated
to the ground below, a distance of about
thirty-five feet.
STOLE HIS MONEY.
Lizzie Sharkey Robs a Rancher of
Los Gatos.
Lizzie Sharkey, a woman of the half
v.orld, was before Judge Conlan yester
day charged with grand larceny.
Several days ago J. L. Whitney, a
rancher of Los Gatos, arrived in this "city
and inserted an advertisement in a morn
ing paper for a cook.
The Sharkey woman, in answer to the
advertisement, visited 'Whitney's room on
Sixth street and was at once engaged.
Accompanied by the newly acquired cook
Whitney started for the depot, intending
to take the tirst train for his home. After
he had bought tickets for himself and the
fair Lizzie "the latter took him to a re
mote corner«of the depot, where she
robbed him of a $20 gold piece.
Whitney immediately discovered the
loss of his money and summoning a po
lice officer had the woman arrested.
When her case was called in Police
Court 2 yesterday she asked for a con
tinuance until next Tuesday, which was
granted.
HE WANTED TO WORK.
Sad Death of William Dawson in the
Receiving Hospital.
A middle-aged man named "William
Dawson was taken to the Receiving Hob
pital last evening in the last stages of
consumption. He lingered until 8 o'clock
last evening when he passed away, at
tended by his two sisters.
Behind the unfortunate man's death la
a pathetic story of an invalid anxious to
provide for his family seeking work in.
order to earn sufficient money to keep
the wolf from the door. Realizing his sad
condition, and knowing that be bad only a
short time to live, Dawson yesterday ap
plied at the California Canning Company.
for something to do.
Out of sympathy for. him the superin
tendent put him to work stenciling boxes.
After working for several hours the un
fortunate man, overcome by his labors,
toppled over as if dead.
A doctor was hastily summoned, ana
as he was still breathing he had him re
moved to the hospital. Police Surgeon
Conrad Weil struggled hard to prolong
Dawson's life, but without avail.
Battle of the Boyne Anniversary.
Next Tuesday will be the two hundred
ar.d eighth anniversary of the battle of
the Boyne. which is celebrated the world
over by the members of, the Orange order
and their friends. On this occasion the
exercises will take place at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley, and will include games,
dancing and merrymaking. Boats will
leave the foot of Market street evory
hour. All soldiers and sailors in uniform
will be admitted free.
A Fatal Fall.
Joseph Lucas, who fell from a ladder
at 524 Pine street on Tuesday last, died at
the City and County Hospital yesterday
afternoon. Lucas was 55 years of age ana
unmarried. The body was taken to the
Morgue. __^____^^_^___
BEASTS, BIRDS AND FISH.
The bloodhound, it is claimed, Is not a
ferocious animal, but, on the contrary,
an exceedingly benevolent one, ranking in
this respect with the St. Bernard.
The elephant does not smell with hiß
trunk. His olfactory nerves are contained
in a single nostril, which is in the ruof of
the mouth, near the front.
In Palestine the swallows are allowed
I th._> freedom of not only the houses and
living rooms, but of the mosques and sac
red tombs, where they build their nests
i and rear their young.
In the chief square of Belgrade, Servia.
I innumerable little frogs hop about as un
; concernedly as if they were far away in
i the country. How they came there and
: how they survive, no one seems to know.
The skin of the reindeer is so impervl-
I ous to the cold that any one clothed In
| such a dress, with the addition of a
| blanket of the same material, may bear
i the intensest rigors of an Arctic winter's
night
Humming birds are domesticated by
placing in their cages a number of paper
flowers of tubular form containing a small
quantity of sugar and water, which must
be frequently renewed. Of this liquid the
birds partake and quickly become ap
parently contented with their captivity.
The Japanese are kind to animals,
and hold them in honor. Among the
monuments erected to commemorate
the war in China is one to the horses
that fell during the war.FIRST GOLD
OF THE YEAR
FROM DAWSON
The Hattie S. Phillips Here With
Twenty Lucky Klon
dikers.
Glowing Reports of the Icy El Dorado's Out
put at Last Breaks the Long Silence
of the Winter.
Twenty Klondikers, laden with gold
and dressed in costumes befitting the
weather of the northern gold fields, ar
rived in this city at l o'clock this morn
ing, on the Hattie I. Phillips, which
they chartered in St. Michael on the
2d df June.
( >n the arrival of the vessel at Meiggs
wharf the im □ disembarked with tli ir
wealth and repaired to the Palace,
Baldwin and Golden West hotels. All
were tire.', and hungry, and while they
were waiting for their midnight lunch
consented to talk for publication.
William Shorter, who has been a
year in the new El Dorado, said that
not more than seventy-five pounds of
gold were brought dcnvn on the vessel.
Most of the men took exchanges on Se
attle through th.-> Alaska Commercial
Company and the North American
Transportation Company. This was
done, as some danger was felt that a
Spanish warship might swoop down on
them and relieve them of their hard
earned money. The companies above
mentioned issued notice that no money
would be sent out of the country until
its safe delivery could be assured.
The returned mil ; - that the
party of twenty met at St. Michael and
chartered the Haute I. rhillips and
came direct to this c without a stop.
They had a pleasant journey down and
the only incident of note on the month's
voyage was the scarcity of food and a
days' calm.
"We took the first boat out and are
happy thru we are back again. There
was no sickness during the voyage and
we are all in the best of spirits." ' .
J. H. Ellis said: "I left Dawson
City about the 27th of May. My judg-
ment of the country is, that it is the
(jreen earth to make
money. If a man is a hustler he will
find no difficulty to make money. Daw-
City is the best mining town I
have ever b ■••n in. Thousands are go
ing in. I have been up there two years
and am contented with the success I
gained. We heard meager reports
SPAIN'S ARMY THE
OBSTACLE TO PEACE
LONDON, July 10.— The Madrid cor
r ndent of the Observer says: The
army is the obstacle to peace. It is
unwilling to yield without further
fighting. General Blanco and the other
military leaders are ashamed to ask
f>T p^aee without testing their fight-
Ing capabilities with the Americans.
If they are deprived of the opportunity
they will rise and fight in Spain against
the Government and in Cuba «»n their
own account against the invaders.
This is the explanation of the perplex
ity and Irresolution of the Govern
ment.
In to-day's council three different
views were advanced, Lieutenant Gen
eral '"orif-a, Minister of War, favoring
war to the end; Duke Almodovar de
Rio, the Foreign Minister, supporting
the opening of peace negotiations with
th.- concurrence of tho powersr and
Senor Gamazo, Minister of Public In-
Btructlon, proposing to treat for peace
directly with the United States.
The leaders of the army in Madrid
have hold a meeting, but the resolu
tions adopted by them have not been
divulged.
STEAMER DELAWARE
ABANDONED AND ABLAZE
Passengers and Crew Leave the Burn-
ing Vessel on Rafts and Are
Picked Up.
NEW YORK, July 9.— The Clyde I,lne
Steamer Delaware, bound from New York
to Charleston and Jacksonville, was
to Charleston and Jacksonville, was aban
doned off Barm-gat, N. J., at 10:30 o'clock
last nitfht, being on fire. The passengers
and crew left the burning vessel In boats
and on life rafts. There were seventy
persons in all, and they were rescued by
the members of the Cedar Credit life
saving station, with the aid of the crew
of the fishing smack S. P. Miller. All the
passengers were transferred t" tha stiam
yacht Ocean Kins, and the captain and
twelve <>f the crew of the 111-fated steamer
were landed at Barnegat, presumably to
look after tho ship.
At It o'clock this morning the tugboat
0.-.-un King arrived at New York with
the paH«f!iK*'i"s and part of the crew of the
vare on board. Tho Delaware was
hnilt In Philadelphia In 18S0. She had
decks, :!!:•] W«s 251 feet long, 37 feet
beam and 17 feet deep. Her register was
121*7 tons and 1046 gross tons.
AN INSANE MOTHER'S DEED.
CLINTON, V;i., July 9.— When Paul
Dengler, Chicago and Northwestern bag
gageman, returned home last night he
tailed. to find his wife and two small chll
110 discovered a note from his
wife in the sideboard stating she was los
ing lu-r mind, was not fit to live and
was g'.irig to <li<- and take the children
with her. All night a sr.-i.rch was made
which resulted In the discovery of the
three bodies In a barrel, near the house,
partly filled v.ith water. The heads of
the victims were submerged and the fyet
protruded. Mrs. Dengrler was 88 years of
age an«l the children 5 years andlSmonths
ivi-ly.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
HALF-DIMES-C. S. T., City. There Is
Ti<> premium offered by dealers for half
of 1857. The selling price of such
1* from 20 to 40 cents.
BALTIMORE AND ALL AMERICAN—
T City. The first game played In Sun
Frand co ii r i :<■:,: between the All-Ameri
ca n and Baltimore teams was on Novem
ber 7.
RUSSIAN ALLIANCE — Subscriber,
City. The San iTranctseo Call did not re
an article headed "Russia
vi Alliance With the United
ht.'ittg.
CHILCOOT PASS SXOWSLIDE-O. H.
0.. City. The names of those who were
cauKht in the Chllcoot Pass snowslide can
aJm'T 1 i' 1 ' 1 ' Sil " Francisco /-'ail of
April 9, li, it; and 21.
LIVERPOOL AND I.ONDON-T. CL,
City. The latent aggregated statistics of
commerce in London and Liverpool show
tonnage entered and cleared for twelve
about the present war, but what we
heard impressed us very favorably."
F. A. Siegel stated that the best
strike made last winter was made at
French Gulch, which is on the El Do
rado, opposite claims Nos. 15, 16 and 17.
As high as three hundred-dollar pans
were taken out, and it was considered
as rich as any of the Gulch claims.
There were probably eight or ten good
claims there.
"I left on the 2d of June, but hun
dreds were getting into Dawson from
outside points. There were probably
1200 men there already. The ice had
gone out, allowing many to come in.
"The country is pretty well staked,
but I think a great many good strikes
will yet be made. For the last four
days we had light fare and we are all
hungry. I don't know whether I shall
go back at all. I am contented. I own
two claims and a quarter claim — one
on the Quigley, one on Empire and the
quarter on Sulphur, all paying points.
I sold a quarter interest on Sulphur. I
have got to be contented with what I
have taken out. I am married and
will go back to my home in Mount
Vernon, "Washington, and take things
easy for awhile."
E. W. Bates, who has been absent
eighteen months, returned with the
party and is staying at the Palace.
The boat was in command of Captain
Pete Pedersen. tho crew consisting of
Otto Salmon, Nels Hanson and John
Boures.
The following Is a full list of pas
sengers and their destination:
J. K. Thomas, Washington; F. W. Sie
gel, Washington; Ernest Claxton, San
Francisco; O. E. Stanhope, Seattle; Wil
liam Shlrte, Seattle; H. H. Darrah, Win
lock, Wash.; Frank Easter. Alaska; J. H.
Ells, Chicago; F. E. Haller, Detroit; W.
F. Pinkham, Boston; J. W. Dautleit, Or
egon; E. W. Bates, Seattle; H. Jergen
son, Tacoma; Joseph Bird, Baltimore; W.
H. Woock, Oregon; Frank Asek, Nanai
mo, B. G.; E. H. Durfirr, Ohio; Ernest
E. Day, Tacoma; P. Herdic, New York;
J. Dan, Montana; S. Egan, Seattle.
•' months — London 14,541,311, and Liverpool
j 10,451,540 tons.
LETTERS FOR THE FIRST— A. F.,
<"!ty. A ietter addressed to the individual,
rank, First Regiment. U. S. A., and place
where last heard of in Cuba, will be sent
by the most direct route. If the company
has moved it will be forwarded.
REVENUE STAMPS— C. A. G., Crock
ett, CaL A 2-cent war stamp has to be
placed on every check drawn on a bank, !
but it is not necessary to place such a [
stamp "on receipts that are given for the
small sum of two or three dollars."
GERMANY AND AMERICA-A Sol
| dier. City. The total of all the vessels in
the United States navy is 253 ships, that
of Germany 316. The recent work of the
ships of the United States navy shows
that the American navy is good, ami su
perior to that of Spain. What the < ter
rnan navy could do cannot be answered,
as it has not been put to the test.
THE NICKEL.— J. L.. San Miguel, Cal.
—The five cent piece commonly called a
nickel is not pure nickel. By the act of
May 16, 18S6, the nickel weighing 77.16
grains was authorized to be composed of
copper apd nickel, the nickel not to exceed
twenty-five per cent. The nickel contains
57.57 grains of pure copper. The fusibility
of nickel is about the same as wrought
iron, 2822 Fahrenheit.
PROFESSIONAL TlTLE— Subscriber,
City. A true professional gentleman, say
a physician or a doctor of dental surgery,
never allows himself to be introduced to
a stranger in society by his professional
title of doctor. It is only those who seek
to advertise themselves in their profession
who feel hurt if not introduced as doctor.
If you desire to Introduce a physician pro
fessionally then it is proper to use the
title, doctor.
HALVES AND QUARTERS— The En
quirer. Fißhermans Bay, Sonoma County,
Cal. The octagonal pieces that are desig
nated as half and quarter gold pieces are
not United States coins. They were Issued
by private mints in San Francisco in the
early duys. and were sent East as curiosi
ties. Those that were issued in 1854 and
before that (late are, according to deal
ers worth double the face value, when
they want to purchase them, but they are
worth from $2 to $3 when they want to sell
them.
A CITIZEN'S RIGHTS— J. G., City. A
citizen of the United States would have
the right to continued residence In Ger
many without, becoming: a German citizen,
but ho far as his American citizenship ia
concerned the Supreme Court of the
United States has held that "a person
who removes to a foreign country, settles
himself there and engages In business,
furnishes by these acts such evidence of
an intf-ntlon to permanently reside In that
country as to stamp him with Its national
character."
SURVEYOR GENERAL— O. I. 8.,
Berkeley, Cal. Those wh6 desire to take
civil service examinations for the positions
In the Surveyor General's office will have
to apply sit thut office for blanks, and at
that timo the Information a 6to time,
place and names of the Commissioners
will be furnished. In all branches of the
civil service the time and place for the
examination la made public through the
! newspapers and by posting at the depart
ment for which the examination is to be
held, consequently those who are inter
ested must keep a sharp lookout.
LOSES HIS RIGHTS— B. Z.. Cayucos
Landing, Cal. If a foreigner comes to the
United States, becomes a citizen thereof,
then returns to a foreign country, acquires
a domicile there, exercises the rignts and
privileges of a citizen of that country,
takes part In the affairs of the country,
such as voting and holding office, he has
expatriated himself and should he return
to the United States in after years he
would be as much an alien as when he
ilrst landt-d in the country. He would
not have any rights as an American citi
zen by reason of iw previous naturaliza
tion.
ARMY DISCIPLINE-R. Z* d., Camp
Merrltt, City. A man who enters the ser
vice of Uncle Sam, whether in the regu
lar army or the volunteer service, is eov
erned by the laws made for the United
States regular army. He places himself
under the military rules and must com
ply with the discipline. If not he is sub
ject to the same penalties as is the regu
lar, if he happens to be a volunteer. If
the volunteer Is guilty of "such petty of
fenses as omitting to answer roll-call or
running the guard," he must expect to
meet the penalty. If it is a pecuniary
penalty, the amount of the fine is deduct
ed from his pay and the money deducted
remains in the treasury. The volunteer
who obeys the discipline of the army will
not have any occasion to have any part
of his pay stopped or go to the guard
house or tent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
WELCOME TO
THE TURNERS
San Jose Greets Many
Guests.
FEST FORMALLY OPENED
DELEGATIONS INDULGE IN A
HIGH JINKS.
Singers, Marksmen and Athletes of
Note Will Contest for Prizes*
at Agricultural
Park.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
SAN JOSE, July 9.— The city was a
scene of gaiety this evening. The Kreia
Turn Fest was formally opened and
jovial turners from all over the coast
with their guests from all parts of the
United States took possession of the
Garden City.
For the next three days their reign
will be one of pleasure and good cheer.
Never before has San Jose had such
Jolly guests and they received a royal
reception from the people.
During the past two days delegations
to the turning and singing festival of
the Pacific Coast Division of the North
America Turn Bund have been arriving
and this evening the streets were
crowded with athletic young fellows
and pretty girls. This division includes
the States of Oregon, Washington and
California.
The decorations displayed for the
Fourth of July have Deen left up and
added to and these give a gala ap
pearance. On all sides are the familiar
signs "Gut Hell" and "Wilkommen
j Turner and Saenger."
Delegates from San Francisco and
other bay cities arrived by special train
ims evening. 1111 them were a. num
ber of delegates who had been in at
tendance at the National Turner Bund
at San Francisco and about 600 excur
sionists. They were met at the depot
by the general committee, composed of
Albert Currlin (chairman), L. Henning
H. W. Otter, L. Webber, F. Schu
macher, A. Greeninger, George Keffel,
H. Roehr, L. Ziegler and F. Butler.
The San Jose Turn Verein and its
auxiliary societies were present, and
the visitors were escorted to the Turn
Verein Hall with a torchlight proces
sion. Roman candles and rockets were
discharged along the line of march, and
the pageant was an Imposing specta
cle. F. Butler was grand marshal, and
Mayor^ Martin and the Councilman
headed the parade in carriages.
The Los Angeles Turn Verein led the
long line of Turners. The societies rep
resented were: San Francisco . Turn
Verein, Eintrel, Eintracht, Turn Sec
tion of San Francisco, Mission Turn
Verein San Francisco, Vorwaerts Turn
Verein of San Francisco, Sozialer Turn
Verein of Portland, Or., and Turn Ver
eins from Sacramento, Oakland, Marys
ville, Los Angeles, San Diego, Anaheim
and San Jose.
At the hall Henry Roeher, president
of the San Jose Turn Verein, intro
duced Albert Currlin, who welcomed
the delegates on behalf of the local
turners. Mayor Martin followed in an
address of welcome on behalf of the
people of the city. He extolled the
[ virtues of the German-American citi
zens, and spoke very highly of the ath
letic training derived in vereins. He
turned over the city to the visitors, and
asked them to enjoy themselves to
their heart's content. He was roundly
cheered.
The guests were then served with
sandwiches and refreshments. After
this there was a high jinks, at which*'
prominent members delivered short ad
dresses. The hall was crowded, and all
present enjoyed themselves to the ut
most.
To-morrow will be the greatest day of
the festival. The day will be devoted
to athletics and in the evening the dif
ferent singing societies will compete for
prizes. At 8 o'clock the societies will
march to Agricultural Park, where the
pavilion and grounds have been hand
somely decorated. There will be mass
wand exercises, broad and high jump-
Ing and putting of the shot. The num
ber of men entered by the societies are:
San Francisco Turn Verein, 30; San
Francisco Eintracht Turn Section, 30;
Mission Turn Verein of San Francisco,
16; San Francisco Vorwaerts Verein,
10. Other vereins are represented as
follows: Oakland, 10; Stockton, 6; Los
Angeles, 28; Sacramento, 10; Anaheim,
10; San Diego, 6; San Jose, 10.
The singing competition in the even
ing will be the finest of its kind
ever heard on the coast. Those par
ticipating are the singing sections of
Vorwaerts Turn Verein of San Fran
cisco, Stockton Turn Verein, Anaheim
Turn Verein, San Jose Turn Verein,
Harmonle of San Jose, Harmonic of
San Francisco, Alpenroesli of San Fran
cisco and Rothmaenner Lieder Kranz
of San Francisco.
On Monday morning shooting sec
tions will have their turn.
The competing teams are the Turn
Verein shooting section and Vorwaerts
shooting section of San Francisco, and
the San Jose Turn Verein shooting sec
tion.
Then San Francisco Turn Verein
shooting section is here with a drum
corps forty strong, Captain Attenger
commanding. First Lieutenant J.
Straub, Second Lieutenant Krommer.
The organization includes such crack
shots as Charles Nelson, Otto liau
melster, John and William Utschet,
Phil O. Jacobi, Louie Brone, William
Nolting and Charles Santenhorn, and
coast and world's records are liable to
bo broken.
The following prominent instructors
of the coast Turn Verelns are present:
Los Angeles, Professor Ross; Marys
vills, Conrad Weidmann; Sacramento,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Begin to-day to use
pure tea.
Schillings Best is at
your grocer's.
F. Fischer; San Francisco, William
Scheppler (president), R. Barth; Ein
tracht of San Francisco, H. C.'P. Stahl,
Mission, H. Fuhrberg; Oakland, Paul
Uth; leader of Vorwaerts Turn Verein,
Dr. Max Magnus.
Among the prominent members of
the Turn Sch western are: Mrs. Cap
tain Ottinger, Miss Louise Ottinger and
Mrs. Nnssbrumer.
The Santa Cruz Verein is represented
by a team of lady club swingers who
will compete with the ladies of local
societies. Those from Santa Cruz are
Mrs. E. C. Hoffman, Misses Annie
Thompson, Mary Bueb, Mollie Thomp
son, Anna Bueb and Emma Busch.
INDORSES THE PLAN
OF GOLUCHOWSKI
Baron Waltershausen Advocates a
Coalition to Form a Trade
War on Uncle Sam.
BERLIN, July 9.— The Central Bureau
for preparing commercial treaties has is
sued a book written by Baron Walters
hausen, professor of economics at Strass
burg, in regard to the United States' com
mercial policy toward Germany. It ad
vocates the adoption of Count Goluchow
ski's advice in regard to the forming of a
coalition of Western Europe powers, Ger
many, Austria. France, Belgium. Italy,
Spain, Denmark, Scandinavia, Switzer
land, Portugal and the Balkans, with the
view of forcing the United States to adopt
a reciprocity treaty.
Epworth League Conference.
LOS ANGELES, July 9.— The session of
the seventh annual conference of the
State Epworth League was continued at
Trinity Methodist Church South this
morning. There was a song service led
by Gus Harper, and the reading of league
reports. This afternoon a song service
was led by Kate Boyns and several pa
pers were read. This evening was also
devoted to the reading of papers and a
song service.
Bourotte Beats Vernier.
PHILADELPHIA, July 9.— Paul Bour
otte of France to-night defeated Joseph
Vernier of this city, in a 15-mile paced
race on the Woodslde Park bicycle track.
The winner's time was 2C:3S 3-5. In the
one mile handicap professional race, John
Johnson won from scratch.
Chile's Treasury Bill.
VALPARAISO, Chile, July 9.-The
Chilean Senate has "passed the bill em
powering the President for a period of
six months to issue treasury Mils for
j2o,oeu,iHiij K-aringr interest, payable In
gold, at a rate not exceeding 8 per cent.
A WOMAN S QUEER REASON.
Governor Taylor of Tennessee is
noted for his ability to tell a good
story as well as for a softness of heart
that compels him to make more fre
quent use of the pardoning power than
does any other Governor. An illustra
tion of both of these traits came under
my observation a short time ago dur
ing a visit to Tennessee, says Leslie's
Popular Monthly. I was sitting in the
parlor of the Marshall House, in Nash
ville, with a little party of friends
which Included Governor "Bob," when
the latter was asked if he were not
overrun with applications for pardons.
The mention of the word "pardons" al
ways starts the genial Governor on a
string of stories, and this instance was
no exception. He told four or five be
fore the little party broke up. One of
them at least is worthy of a larger
audience.
The Governor had fled to his summer
home to escape the crowds of pardon
seekers, when a woman who had sought
him in vain at the Capitol was ushered
Into his presence.
"Well, madame, what can I do for
you?"
"I want to see the Gov'ner, sir."
"Well, I'm the Governor; what is it?"
"Ah, sir, my man he's been put in
prison, sir, and I want to ask if you
won't let him out."
The Governor's face hardened. He
had not, after all, escaped the pardon
seekers. But he did not turn her away.
"What was he sent up for?" he asked.
"You see, sir, we was hungry, and he
just stole a ham to keep us from starv
ing."
"Well, I'm sorry; but I can't do any
thing for you. Your man must serve
his sentence. There's too much steal
ing going on."
"Oh, Gov'ner, please, please let him
out," pleaded the woman, the tears
flowing down her cheeks.
The tears had their effect. The Gov
ernor softefied. Stealing a ham wos
not such a very terrible crime, and this
poor woman no doubt needed her hus
band. He decided to question her a
little.
"But why," he asked, "should I give
your man his freedom?"
"Because, sir, we are hungry again,
and we ain't got no more ham!"
PIPER FINDTATER'S LUCK.
Piper Findlater, who fell, severely
wounded, in the rush of the Highlanders
at Dargai, but who still heroically blew
his pipes to cheer on the comrades with
whom he could no longer keep up, be
came for a moment a heroic figure visible
all over the empire.
Piper Flndlater himself has all the pro
saic ' modesty of a simple-minded and
brave man. He explains his deed by say
ing, "It was my duty," and as for the
present he writes from Netley Hospital:
"If you would send me a set of bagpipes
I think that would suit me best." The
gallant piper, In brief, wants no other re
ward than the opportunity of blowing
a new blast through a set of glorified
bagpipes on some new battlefield.
One enthusiast, a Yorkshireman, strange
to say— offered every penny he possessed
in the world for the privilege of an in
terviow with the hero. The Inevitable
lady emerged who insisted on offering her
hand and heart and, in this case, a quite
substantial fortune, to Piper Findlater.
At least three theatrical companies, ac
cording to the latost intelligence, were
bidding against eacta other for the right
of Piper Flndlater's services. That hero,
in fact, can secure a handsome support
for the rest of his life by the simple pro
cess of playing a tune on his bagpipes on
all the theatrical stages of the ehree
kingdoms.— Melbourne Argus.
Dr. Sheldon Jackson, the Alaska expert,
says that there is so much gold in Alaska
that persons who go there ten years hence
will have a« good a chance as those who
go this spring. He advises every gold
seeker to take his wife along with him,
as he can do much butter work with the
aid of a good woman than without it.
Flowers cut in the morning will retain
their freshness twice as long as those cut
in the middle of the day when the sun
is shining upon them.
PLUNGES TO
HIS DEATH
Jump From a Burning
Building.
CLEVELAND MAN KILLED
FORTUNATE ESCAPE OF ONE OF
HIS EMPLOYES.
Drops From the Sixth Floor, but by
Bemarkable Skill and Strength
.Breaks the lorce of
His Fall.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CLEVELAND, July 9.— The Parson
block, six stories high, at the corner of
Erie and Vincent streets, was ruined
by fire shortly after noon to-day. It
was owned and mainly occupied by the
Clark-Britton Printing Company,
though a dozen smaller concerns were
located in it.
There was only a freight elevator
and no fire escapes. The flames spread
quickly, and the escape of Charles W.
Asbrand, proprietor of a stained glass
establishment on the sixth floor, and
one of his employes, Horace E. Potter,
was cut off. Asbrand got out of a win
dow and, after hanging for a moment,
dropped. He struck a wire sign pro
jecting from the fourth story and hung
there for a moment by one foot. Then
he descended, head first, to the flagging
on the street and was instantly killed.
A minute later the firemen spread a
net below the window where Potter was
seen. He got out, hung by his hands,
and after dropping, by marvelous
strength and skill, caught the sill of the
fifth story window below him. The
wire sign was beneath him, to one side,
and, after swinging back and forth,
he again let go and struck the sign to
break his fall. Thence he glanced off
and landed on the small sloping roof
of a bay window at the second story.
He rolled off and fell squarely into the
life net.
He was quickly carried to the Huron
street station. The doctors say his in
juries consist of only several bruises
and a dislocated elbow. He is 23 years
old and unmarried.
The loss on the building and stock
to the Clark-Britton Printing Com
pany will be $65,000, and that of the
other tenants of the block about $20,
000. There will probably be a rigid in
vestigation into the cause of the fire
and the condition the building was in.
ZOLA RECEIVES A
SECOND SENTENCE
To Be Imprisoned Sixteen Days,
Heavily Fined and Ordered to
Pay Damages to Experts.
PARIS, July 9.— ln the libel suit of the
three handwriting experts in the Ester
hazy suit against M. Emile Zola and M.
Perreux, the editor of Aurore, growing out
of the allegations made by the latter
against the experts who testified regard-
Ing the Dreyfus documents, the court has
sentenced M. Perreux to pay a fine of 500
francs and sentenced M. Zola to sixteen
days' imprisonment and to pay a fine of.
2000 francs. The imprisonment, however,
is suspended. In addition, each of the
experts is awarded 3000 francs damages.
EDUCATION OF MINISTERS.
Mooted Point Passed Upon by the
Congregationalists.
PORTLAND, July 9.— The National
Council of Congregational Churches this
morning adopted the report of the finance
committee recommending that the annual
per capita call upon the membership of
the church for the next three years be
2 cents and that an extra call of a half
cent for one year be made to pay the
expenses of the International Council,
to be held in 1599.
The matter of educational qualifications
of ministers came, up and the following
on that point was adopted:
Resolved, That, while recognizing the call of
God to exceptional men of limited education to
preach the Gospel, our theological seminaries,
educational society and churches should use
Increased care to maintain the intellectual
and educational standard of the Christian
ministry. We deem the present an op
portune time for councils, churches, con
ferences and associations to make stead
fast effort to elevate, and on no account
to lower, the requirements upon pastoral of
fices.
The council was not In session this af
ternoon, but most of the delegates visited
the Pacific University, a Congregational
Institution at Forest Grove, twenty-five
miles from Portland.
SAN RAFAEL PAPER CHASE.
Mr. Quarre Wins the Silver Cup for
the Second Time.
SAN RAFAEL, July 9.— For the second
time in succession George Quarre won
the silver prize cup of the San Rafael
Hunt Club in to-day's paper chase. The
"hounds" consisted of the winner, E. F.
Fischer, Baron yon Schroeder, Ben Hal
lldy, Ahem Folger, Peter A. Finigan Jr.,
Baron A. yon Schroeder and E. M. Green
way. The start was made at the Hotel
Rafael at about 4 p. m. and an exciting
race followed across the Coleman tract
and over the Lucas ranch toward Fair
fax. At the finish a three-fourths of a
mile stretch across Mr. Short's stubble
field, Quarre, Foiger and Finigan took
the lead and raced neck and neck until
near the goal, when Quarre drew ahead.
The course was about eight miles In
length and the chase occupied thirty-five
minutes. Louis Hughes was the hare.
Dairymen in Session.
LOS ANGELES, July 9.— The Dairy
men's Association of Southern California
Is holding Its annual session here to-day.
In his report President C. H. Sessions said
that the value of butter produced in dair
ies which had reported to the association
was (270,000 and of cheese JBO.OOO. Not
much over half the number in existence
have reported.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONDAY, JULY 11,
AND FOLLOWING DAYS
THE FOLLOWING . . .
BARGAINS OH SALE
Fine Scotch Ginghams.
Colors are Pink, Blue, Red, Gr^en and Black
Checks and Plaids and Stripes, suitable
for WRAPPERS AND WAISTS and
Children's Dresses, regular price 10c.
Sale price
5c pep yard.
Market-street Store Only.
Ami Muslin.
Red Plaids, Checks and Stripes, fine cloth,
fast colors, suitable for WRAPPKRS
AND WAISTS and CHILDREN'S WEAR,
regular 10c grade.
Sale price
5c per yapd.
CXfarket- street Store Only.
No samples of above goods; none sold to the
trade.
Dress Goods.
Evening shades of WOOL CASHMERES,
remnants of IV4 to 9 yards, regular uOc
quality, width 36 Inches.
All at
25c pep yapd.
Market-street Store Only.
Covert Cloth Dress Goods.
All Wool, remnants from 4 to 10 yards,
choice colors, width 37 Inches, regular
50c grade.
Sale ppice
2oc pep yapd.
Market-street Store Only.
Cannot fill orders for samples of above
remnants.
Dress Silks.
Heavy grade Black Brocade Press Silks,
floral designs, 21 Inches wide, former
price 85c.
Sale price
55 Cents.
Both Stores.
SOLE AGENTS FOR COLUMBIA KID GLOVES,
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
fei||RIJPT(JRE
(rsW^c ur JE* Urn
m /^y\l c aye hundreds of letters
similar to the following now on
file at our office :
OCCIDENTAL, Sonoma County, Cal.
February 28, 1838.
Dr. Pierce & Bon— Gentlemen: I wish to In-
form you that the Magnetic Elastic Trues
which I purchased at your office the 6th of last
December CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH-
IN TWO MONTHS. I am over 60 years of age.
There Is no mistake about the fact that your
celebrated Trues will positively CURE RUP-
TURE, and I hereby heartily, recommend it to
all ruptured persons. Tours sincerely,
C. S. COLLINS.
ICTIf you don't want to remain ruptured and
have to wear trusses all your life, you should
call at our office or send 2c In stamps for our
"Pamphlet No. 1," and learn how to get cured.
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, Ban Francisco.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S ©»•*
jgfbQ Museum of Anatomy
|W|n|\ lCClMA2ZITST.'b»t.6tt*7th, S. P. CaL
The Largeit of Us kind in tin World.
lra| DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IvsWH? Consultation free. Writ* for Book
I Philosophy of Marriage.
& « MAILED FREE.
y — t
."' "I think Ripans Tabules about the best thitfgj
there is," said the Colonel; "I guess they are THE
best ! I was sitting the other evening smoking and drink-
ing a little whisky and water ; there were four of us there
and one complained of being very uncomfortable. When
he had told us about it I said to him, all that ails you is
indigestion,' and I gave him a Ripans Tabule from a little
vial I had in my pocket We each of us took one, and
since then I have learned that every one of the three has
bought the TABULES and thinks them the greatest
things there are a going."
Printed Organdies and Dimities.
Entire stock at MASKED J>O\V.\ FRICES.
(Market-street Stcrs Only.
Bayadere Striped Gros°Grain
Dress Silk.
Extra quality, latest patterns, width 21
Inches, tha usual $1 quality.
Sale Ppice
60 Cents.
Both Stores.
Kid Gloves.
Two-clftsp KM Gloves, excellent qnnlity,
colors are Browns, Tans, lied and Black,
usually Jl.
Special at
65 Cents.
Both Stores.
Bath Towels.
Heavy Quality, sizes 25xf>0 inrhos, with larga
red initials, regular value 40c.
Special at
25 Cents.
Linen Bureau Scarfs.
Stamped and fringed, sizes 16x50 inches, rey*.
ular 40c quality.
Special at
25 Cents.
Both Stores.
Pillow Tops.
Tinted on Cream Cloth, California PoppJ!
and Violets, si-zes 22 inches.
Special at
20 Cents.
'Both Stores.
o 0 0 0 o 0000000000000
■STS T - PALACE «°S
■ 'ZGRAND. hotels o
G SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*T Connected by a covered passageway. *?
** 1400 Rooms— With Both Attached. 2
O All Under One Management. Of
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
ft European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A
v» American Plan. s3. oo per day and upward
' A Correspondence Solicited. n
q JOHN 0. KIBEFATBIGE, Manager. a
0000000000000000
fENHYROYAL PILLS
ennyroVal pills
W -^ijjir^v Original and Only Genuine. A .
J^ifftV\ ■•''*• *lw»j« reli»blo. ladies aik iS\
FUl\ tt^.JJHJ l>rD?Ki!t for ChiclxeMer t EnqlitU Dta-J&fcX
fe*^sS"silji£N™ond Brand la Kcd and Guld meia;!to\'t»Jr
*fc\ — T^fi|nboso«, lealed with blue ribbon. Take \ST
M !R*2no other. Refute dangeroui tulititv
I / ~ Aft ion* and imitation*. AC Dro^gists, or
I«• Jf In rtampi for particulars, tettinontali »a 4
IV mS "Belief for Ladled." in letter, br return
-^T^jC^Msll. 10,000 Te£t!monlals. if. me Paper.
„ Chlcliettcr Chemical Co..Mtifll»«Ki}tn» orfc0 rfc
bid by all Local Druggist*. PIMI.AIjT.. I*
CDTTCIJI7C F OR BARBERS. BAK-
JDIIU OllilO ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, carmen*.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 S5-hors*
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
BO wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen
at 71S Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS.
910
BITTER ROOT
STAKES RUN
Saintly Brings Down the
Purse.
MAUD FERGUSON SECOND
SERRANO OUTFOOTS OSTLER JOE
AT BUTTE.
Gallivant Wins the Rich Spring
Prize on Getaway Day
at the Latonia
Track.
Bpeelal Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, July 9.— Fred Mulholland, the
Ban Francisco turf reporter, who was
presiding- judge at the Denver meeting
and has been noting as presiding judge
here since the opening <>f the meeting,
pending the arrival of E. C. Hopper, sec
retary of the Latonla Jockey Club, has
been engaged to continue as associate
Judge after the arrival of Hopper. The
weather was warm ami the track fast to
day. Attendance large. Results:
I'^rst race, three furlongs, handicap — Dutch
II won, Lou Wutklns second, Dutch third.
Time, :24V
Second race, one mile— All Smoke won. Car
ness second. Lady Hurst third. Time, 1:42.
Third race, Bitter Root stakes, tor two-year
olds, four furlongs— Saintly won, .Maud Fer
guson second, Horton third. Time, ■Ab'- i .
Fourth race, mile and v sixteenth, handicap —
Berrano won, Ostler Joe second, Grady third.
Tln-.e. 1:47.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Lucky Star won,
Etta II second. Flashlight third. Tim,-, 1:15.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, four hurdles
— Hoasmore won. 5-ilverado second, J v ('
third. Time, 2:U7' 4 .
CINCINNATI. July 9.— This was getaway day
at Latonia. Weather fine;. track fast.
First race, seven furlongs, selling— l>na
Myers won, Maggie S second, Filibuster third.
Time, 1:29.
Second race, six furlongs, selling:—
•won, Romanoff second, Mario third. Time
l:l«H.
Third race, one mile, selling— George Krats
■won, Doncella second. Great Uend third. Time,
1:41
Fourth race, the I-atonla spring- prize, for
three-year-olds, mile and an Gallivant
■won. John Bright second, Mariti third. Time
1:54*4.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Annie
Taylor won, Voyageuer second, Annie M third
Timo. 1:29.
Sixth race, seven furlongs. Felling— Cyclone
■won. Bromo second, Lyllls third. Time, 1:28%:
NEW YORK, July 9.-Results at Brighton
Beach:
First rnco, one mile. Felling. Handpress w.,n,
Atlantua s< nd, Alarum third. Time. 1:44.
nd race, five furlongs, Dr. Echborg won,
Loiterer second, Subject third. Time, 1:02%.
Third race, one mile, R in to won. Sir Ga
■waine second. Poetess third. Timo. l :V>\.
Fourth race. Undergraduate stakes, five fur
longs. KinKil.in won. Dr. Parker second, Mug
gins third. Time. 1 2.
Fifth nice, mile and a quarter. Rappahan
nock won. Dutch Skater ■• nd. Merlin third.
Time. l:09H-
Slxtii race, six furlongs, selling. Tabouret
■won. Ahtamas second, I'rime Auckland third
Time, 1:16.
Pevnth race, the Chantilly handicap, mile
and a half, ever six flights, six hurdl-s. For
get won, Klnvarra becond, lieauf^rt third.
Time, 2:53.
ST. LOUIS, July 9.— Track lumpy; weather
pleasant. Results:
First race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling,
Davezac won, Miss Florida -• ■■ n !, Demoethenea
third. Time, 2 07.
Second race, one mile, selling. R. B. Sack
won. K. E. Daumonde second. Dr. Bernavs
third. Time, 1:47.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling.
The Chemist won. Horseshoe Tobacco second
Moralist third. Time. 1:23%.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth—
Pavid won. Jackanapes second, Oninoor third
Time. I. '•_>_■.
Fifth race, handicap, for two-year-olds, five
an 1 a half furlungs— I^eo Planter won, George
Dunnette second, Bessie Ewing third. Time,
.-sxth race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— Basqull won, Flnga second, Mamie G third
Time. 1:58.
CHICAGO, July 9.— Washington Tark results:
First race, six furlongs— Bangle won. The
Manxman Becond, Traveler third. Time, 1:1.'.' 2 .
Pecond race, mile and an eighth— lmp won,
Many second. Time. 1:51%.
Tihrd race, mile and a sixteenth, the Midway
Btnkefi — fJoodrich won. David Tfr.ny second.
Boanarces third. Time. 1:45%.
Fourth race, seven and v hair fnriones — T >>w
Hopper won, Indra second. J H C third.
Time, \M\.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Jolly Roger won,
Spirituelle second. Santello third. Time. 1:14%.
Sixth rare, weven and a half furlongs—Du
nols won. Found second, Pearl Walker third
Time. 1:Z3%.
BUFFALO. N. V., July 9.— Results at Fort
Brie:
Kln=t race, five and a half furl-ings— Judge
"Wardwel! won, Jesse second, Dave S third
Time, 1:09.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Con
travene won. Wreath eecond. Gypsy Lore third
Time. ;6714.
Third race, one mile— Our Johnny won. Ban
quo II second. Pevault third. Time. 1:44^.
Fourth rar», seven furlongs, purse $1000,
Cascade selling stoke— Mnzarln won, Brighton
nocond, Marlto third. Time, 1:61.
l"rth r:u-e. one and a sixteenth miles— Lanky
Bob won. Alice Farley second. KomurasaM
third. Time. 1:4 ( .t.
Plxth r-H'-c, five and a half furlongs— Aunt
Bird wr.n, Prtma second, Looram third. Time.
Seventh race, handicap, steeplechase, full
course— Downing won, La Golita second, Pass
On third. Time, 3;JZ.
ORPHANS TAKE THE
REDS INTO CAMP
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubn— W. 1... Pet
Cincinnati ..48 24 .fifi« New York ..34 34 500
Boston 43 27 .014 Philadelphia 29 37 .43H
Cleveland ...42 27 .61* Washington 2:< 40 420
Baltimore ...41 27 .603 Brooklyn ....27 4') (03
Chicago 41 31 .569 I^mlsville ..23 48 324
Fittsburg ...38 32 .543 St. Louis ....23 51 .311
CLEVELAND, July 9.— Young kept the
hits of tho visitors scattered to-day, and
an easy victory for the home team was
the result. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. II E.
Clevelands 9 13 1
St. Louts 2 8 1
Hatteries— Young and O'Connor: Hughey and
Bugden. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
CHICAGO, July 9.— With nearly all of
tho regular team back of him. Thornton
■went in to-day and pitched a fine game
against the Reds. Hawley was hit hard
in the third, giving way to Damman. At
tendance 6800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicagos 6 11 3
Cincinnati* 3 8 4
Batteries — Thornton and Donohue; Haw-ley.
Damman and Vaughn. Umpires— Swartwood
and Wood.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— The Orioles hit
Bwaim and Dineen heavily. The game
•was a poor one. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— ' ' R. H. E.
"Wash I nitons 3 8 3
Baltlmores ." . 10 14 1
Batteries— Dineen and McGulre;
Nops, Hughes and Clark. . Umpires— and
Andrews. '
PITTSBURG, July 9.— Louisville got on
to Rhines in the last four innings, and
made ten hits, scoring a run for every
hit. Pittsburgh hits were scattered and
their errors fatal. Attendance 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
FtttßburKS 3 11 3
Louisville 11 12 2
Battering — Rhlneg and Bowprman; Cunning
ham and KKtredge. Umpires— Snyder and
Connolly.
NEW YORK. July 9.— The New Torks
won an exciting twelve-lnnine game from
the Grooms this afternoon in Brooklyn.
There was not a dull moment, and the
Bitching was superb. Attendance 3700.
core:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New Yorks 3 7 7
Bmnklyns 2 8 2
Batteries— Rusie ami Warner; Miller and
Ryan. Umpires — Emslie and Hunt.
PORTLAND. Or., July 9.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Portland 11 15 fi
Taroma 7 10 2
PHILADELPHIA, July 9.— Boston de
fentfd Philadelphia to-day In a game that
•was replete with pretty plays. The
Philadelphia club to-day farmed Pitcher
"Wheeler to the Rome, N. T., team, and
'•leased Catcher Fisher. Third Baseman
Elberfield probably will be sold to the De
troit club. Attendance, 6850. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 2 10 1
Philadelphia 1 3 2
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen; Platt and
McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
SEATTLE, July 9.-Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Seattle 6 8 0
Spokane 1 6 6
GOFF WINS HIS FIRST
FIGHT AT THE EAST
NEW YORK, July 9.— The principal
event at the Pelican Athletic Club to
night was the go between Charles
Goff of California, "Billy" Maddens
aspirant for middle-weight honors, and
"Billy" Hennessy of Boston. It re
sulted in a walkover for Goff. It was
the Westerner's first appearance in the
East, and he won the admiration of
every one. .
In the first two rounds neither went
at it very hard. In the third Goff
landed frequently on his opponent. He
planted three left jabs on Hennessy's
face, and when the gong sounded the
latter was not anxious to continue.
When time was called for the next
round he refused to go on. This action
on the part of Hennessy increased the
admiration for his opponent, who never
lost his temper during the bout and
showed himself a born fighter.
MARKSMEN COMING TO '
THE COAST IN 190
NEW YORK, July 9.— The National
Sharpshooters' Union of America to-day
decided to hold the tournament of Ib9l at
San Francisco.
At to-day's shooting John B. Kelley of
Boston broke the record of 70 points made
at the target of honor by E. D. Payne of
Cincinnati. Kelley rolled up a total of 72
points. The San Francisco marksmen
were on the ranges nearly all day. D. \Y.
McLaughUn, who Is acting as captain for
the men from the coast. I'd his colleagues
in the day's shouting. He totaled 4S points
on the standard target, tieing S. J. I. yon
of Collinsville, Conn., for the lirst place.
In addition to this. McLaughlln has :!:'..">
points in the race for the "King's compe
tition." which is second to \Y. A. Hayes of
Newark, N. J., who leads with 378 points.
John Redham of Jersey City still leads at
the man target with 98 points, while S. J.
Dillon of Ardmnre, Pa., is still lirst at the
point target with a four degree, bullseye.
At the Chessboards.
VIENNA, July 9.— The chess players be
gan the day playing the twenty-seventh j
round of the International Chews Master's |
tournament in this city. At the lirst ad- ]
journment. Caro had beaten Trenchard; I
and Alapln had disposed of Halprin. The
games between Burn and Lipke and Jan
owski and Marco were drawn, in the '
afternoon and evening Tarrasch beat j
Maroczy; Bchiffers beat Steinitz; Pills
bury and Schlecnter and Blarkburne and
Showalter drew, and Baird lost to Tschi
gorin.
Cooper Beats Bald.
EUF.FALO. July 9.— E. < '. Bald failed to
score in the two mile championship at j
the rational circuit meet at the Buffalo i
fiel i to-day: Summaries:
Two mile open, professional. champion
ship—Tom Cooper won. B. C. Bald second,
Aithur Gardiner third. Time. 4:13.
Half irile professional handicap, final-
Barney Oldfleld won. Glen Wile secand,
E C. "Laid third. Time, 1:00.
Half mile— Won by E. C. Bald. Tlma,
:",: 1-:.
Church Beats Cissac.
PHILADELPHIA. July ?.-The chief
event of the Pennsylvania "Wheelman's
race on the Tioga track to-day was the
fifteen mile paced race between Charles
Church of this city, and Henri Clssac of
France, church won the race easily, be
ing a mil-- in the lead at the finish. In
the tive mile team pursuit race. F. A. Mr-
Farland and O. L. Btevens defeated Nat.
Butler and A. C. Mertens.
Fall River Races.
FALL RIVER Mass., July 9.— lnterest
In the bicycle meet to-day centered In the
five mile team pursuit race between Eddie
McDuffie and Clinton P. Coulter, ngninst
"PlUKgy Bill" Martin and W. B. Decker.
It waa won by Martin and Docker in
11:40. Coulter dropped out at the end of
three milts and McDufHe followed suit
after r. akiiig a mile more.
Records Broken at Leeds.
LONDON". July 9.— At Leeds to-day,
Cordang. tho Dutch bicycle rider, beat
the mile track record, covering the J!s
tance in 2:02. A. A. Chase, the middle
distance champion of England, lowered
tho mile, flying start, record, his time
being 1:51 3-5.
OFFICERS CHOSEN
BY THE EDUCATORS
E. Oram Lyte of Pennsylvania
Elected President of the
National Association.
WASHINGTON. July o.— Tho feature of
to-day's session of the National Educa
tional Association was the election of offi
cers for the ensuing year. The ticket
presented by the committee on nomina
tions was elected by a unanimous vote.
The following were chosen: President,
E. Oram Lyte, Millersville, Pa.; secre
tary, Irwin Shepard, Winona, Minn.-,
treasurer, L. C. McNeill, West Superior,
Wis.; first vice president, James M.
Greenwood, Kansas City, Mo. Among
the twelve other vice presidents elected
were: R. S. Ringham, State of Washing
ton; Frank B. Smith, Kansas; E. B. Mc-
Elroy, Oregon, and S. N. Hopkins, Okla
homa.
Directors were elected for the Western
division as follows: Montana, J. B. Hen
dricks: Wyoming. Estelle Reel: Colorado.
C. G. Greenlee; New Mexico. Mrs. E. R.
Jackson; Arizona. E. S. Hafford; Oregon,
J. H. Ackerman; Washington, O. C.
Whitney: Utah. J. M. Tanner; California,
E. E. Brown; Nevada, J. F. Stubbs;
Idaho, J. C. Black.
The two general meetings held this
morning were well attended. The fea
tures at the Grand Opera House wc-rw
an address by Professor Jacques W. Red
way of Mount Vernon, N. V., upon the
"Influence of Topography and Climate
on National Development," and a dis
course by Professor W. J. McGee of
Washington, vice-president of the Na
tional Geographic Society, who spoke
upon "Geospheres." General discussion
upon these addresses followed.
PRIVATEER STORY
CAUSED ALARM
English Admiral at Esquimalt Sends
Warships to Look for
Pirates.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 9.— Although
there is believed to be nothing In the story
that a privateer has been fitted out to at
tack boats bringing down Klondike gold.
It has leaked out here that the matter
was brought to the attention of thf: Brit
ish Admiral by American Consul Dudley,
a few days ago. Admiral Pallister at once
dispatched H. M. S. Amphion north. The
Amphion is a second class cruiser. The
Admiral also has ordered the sloop Icar
ius, carrying eight guns, to be on the
lookout for any suspicious craft.
A State Senator's Sentence.
CHICAGO, July 9.— Judge Barker, In
the Criminal Court to-day, fined Alonzo
J. Whiteman, State Senator of Duluth,
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses, $2000 and sentenced him to the
House of Correction for one year. If the
fine is not paid he will be compelled to
work it out at the rate of $1 50 a day.
Constable Mathcws Held.
SAN JOSE, July 9.— Constable John Ma
thews, who a few days ago shot and In-
Ftantly killed Henry Hopken. who. he
claimed, was resisting arrest, has been
held to answer without bail. As the de
fendant was led from the Justice Court
his wife and mother-in-law fainted and
were unconscious for some time.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHS.
i- iivf,< i«ui> ißiumiucuu me <-rj'aiai • warm *ea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
MINERS STATE
THEIR WANTS
Address a Memorial to
Congress.
APPEAL FOR RECOGNITION
.
ASK THE GOVERNMENT TO AID
THE INDUSTRY.
Resolution Favoring the Establish
ment of a National Depart
ment of Mining Is
Adopted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT. LAKE CITY, July 9.— The sec
ond session of the International Mining
Congress practically completed its busi
ness at the morning session to-day.
The most important matter under con
sideration, and one of the chief objects'
of the mining congress, was the estab
lishment of a national department of
mines and mining.
P. W. Gates of Chicago introduced a
resolution providing lor the establish
ment of a department of the national
Government to be known as the Depart
ment of Commerce and Industry, under
which the mining interests should have a
bureau.
The resolution met with strong opposi
tion from the Western States. The West
ern delegates maintained that mining was
equally as important as the agricultural
Interests and that simply a bureau would
be of no practical benefit.
The committee on resolutions present
ed a substitute for the Gates resolution,
in which the committee recommended an
independent department of mines, and
after considerable discussion the resolu
tion was adopted almost unanimously.
A resolution by Frankenburg of Colo
rado was adopted recommending that the
existing mining law be so changed as to
prevent the locator of a claim amending
his survey before the claim is patented.
A resolution offered by Christy of Cali
fornia and passed recommended a liberal
increase in the appropriations for carrying
on the United States geological survey
and the co-operation with surveys now
carried on by the State independently.
Mrs. Atwood of Colorado, as chairman
of the finance committee, having in
charge the resolution for the establish
ment and permanent headquarters for
this international mining congress, pre
sented a report, which was adopted, rec
ommending that headquarters of the con
gress remain at Salt Lake until such date
as in the Judgment of the executive com
mittee it should be removed to Milwaukee
to begin the preliminary work for the next
year's meeting and that the sum of $3000"
be raised for the expenses incident to
maintaining such heaaauarters and that
said expense shall not exceed $250 for the
first six months..
At this point the committee on resolu
tions offered the memorial to Congress,
concluding as follows:
Resolved, By the International Mining Con
gress at Salt Lake assembled, that we do
unanimously petition the Congress of the
United States to create a new department, to
be known as the Department of Mines and
Mining, whose purpose shall be to aid, develop
md foster the mining industry of the United
States by every Influence within its reach, and
further be it.
Resolved. That the president of this asso
ciation is hereby directed to appoint such com
mittees and take such action as shall bring
this measure to the attention of every member
of Congress, and to stand firm In Its support
without compromise of any nature until favor
able action has been secured.
The resolution was unanimously
adopted.
The executive committee was organized
by the election of B. F. Montgomery of
Colorado as chairman, .irwln Mahon of
Colorado as secretary and David S. Rose
(Mayor of Milwaukee) as chairman of the
local committee, A vote of thanks was
extended to ex-President Prince for the
able manner in which he had presided
over this session of the congress. The
congress then adjourned to meet in Mil
waukee September 7, 1899.
To-morrow the delegates will go on ex
cursions to the various mining camps of
the State. '
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President McKinley Gives Assurances
That San Pedro Harbor Work
Will Be Expedited.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Postofflce
Commission, of which Congressman Loud
of California Is a member, met at the
Capitol this morning and organized. Sen
ator Wolcott was elected chairman. Con
gressman Loud was made chairman of a
subcommittee which will consider all mat
ters embraced in the proposed inquiry
except such as relate to railway mail pay.
Mr. Loud expects to remain here for sev
eral weeks. The subcommittee will visit
Boston, New York, Philadelphia and
Augusta.
The failure of the Senate to confirm the
nomination of S. S. Morton as Receiver of
the Land Office at San Francisco necessi
tates his reappolntment by the President.
Congressman Loud called on the Presi
dent to-day, and says Morton will be ap
pointed to serve until the Senate meets
again, when it Is hoped he will be con
firmed without further opposition from
Senator Perkins.
The Postoffice Department gives notice
that in consequence of the withdrawal of
the steamer City of Rio de Janeiro, due to
sail from San Francisco July 16, mail for
China and Japan should be forwarded for
dispatch per steamer Arizona, scheduled
to sail from Tacoma on the 16th lnst.
R. E. Wilhoit and daughter of Stockton
are at the Arlington. They called on
President McKinley to-day, and were pre
sented by Congressman De Vries.
Senator Perkins left for New York to
day, whence he will proceed to California.
Congressman Bar ham left to-day for
Santa Rosa. Senator White will leave for
Los Angeles direct to-morrow. Repre
sentative De Vries will go to New York
to-morrow, return Tuesday, and leave
Wednesday for California. Congressman
Hilborn will remain here several weeks
at the request of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The National Education Convention has
referred to Its executive committee
the selection of a city In which to
hold the next convention. The fight Is
now between Los Angeles and Portland,
Oregon, with ' chances in favor of the
former. Principal McDonald of the Lin
coln School, San Francisco, said to The
Call correspondent to-night that all the
delegates were favorable to holding the
next convention: on the Pacific Coast, as
they had not forgotten their San Fran
cisco reception. Mr. McDonald says he
has no doubt of Los Angeles' success. A
pood many California delegates went
to Norfolk to-night to remain over Sun
day. . • • - • , ;
President McKinley to-day assured Sen
ator White and Congressman Barlow that
the San Pedro harbor matter would be
expedited. The Call correspondent un
derstands that Attorney General Griggs
will in a few days render an opinion sim
ilar to that of McKenna, and that Sec
retary Alger will be forced to proceed
with the work.
— _ — •
Yellow Fever Stamped Out.
WASHINGTON, July 9-The Marine
Hospital service announces the discharge
of the last case of yellow fever at Mc-
Henry, Mlfs.. leaving the country free
of known cases.
Hearne Awarded One Dollar.
SAN JOSE, July 9.— The suit for libel
brought by Dr. J. C. Hearne of this city
against M. H. de Young, proprietor of the
San Francisco Chronicle, and J. F. Blunt
was ended this evening. The jury found
for the plaintiff and awarded him $1.
Yolo County Primaries.
WOODLAND, July 9.— The Democratic
County Central Committee to-day adopt
ed Crawford's plan to nominate county
tickets. Primaries were called for Au
gust 9.
MAGUIRE FOR
BUDD'S PLACE
Choice of Populists of
the South.
PLANS OF THE FUSIONISTS
DEMOCRATS TO BE GIVEN NINE
OFFICES.
The Southern California Delegation
Leaves fo:- Sacramento With a
Body Guard of
Democrats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 9.— The Populist
delegation from Southern California to
the State convention left this city this
evening for Sacramento, to be on hand
early and take part in the contest over
organizing either for or against fusion.
The delegates were accompanied by the
following prominent Silver Republicans
and Democrats: Nathan Cole Jr., Na
tional Committeeman from California for
the Silver Republican party; F. J. Cooper,
secretary of the State Committee of the
same party, and Sutherland Hutton,
chairman of the County Committee. Dr.
R. W. Hill, chairman of the Democratic
County Committee, will be on hand.
Most of the delegations from southern
counties are for fusion. Their plan is to
nominate James G. Maguire for Governor,
by acclamation if possible. The Populists
will make nominations for Lleutenant-
Governor, State Controller and State Su
oerintendent of Public Instruction. The
Silver Republicans will ask the opulists
to nominate two Silver Republicans. They
want Judge Walter Van Dyke of this
county for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court and H. A. McCrancy of Sac
ramento, who has been appointed secre
tary of the Silver Republican National
Committee, named for Secretary of State.
This would leave the Democrats nine
places on the State ticket, counting Ma
guire as a Democrat.
The Populist delegation from this county
will present the name of Edward L. Hut
chinson, a member of the City Council
here, for Lieutenant Governor. The idea
is to give the State Committee power to
till alt vacancies, and after the nomina
tions for the offices named are made the
Populists are simply to leave blank eight
nominations accorded to the Democrats.
TULARE REPUBLICANS.
Pillsbury Indorsed for the Congres-
sional Nomination.
VISALIA, July 9.— One hundred and
sixty-five delegates met here this morn
ing in the Republican County Convention
to nominate a ticket for the approaching
campaign. Charles G. Lambertson was
elected chairman and E. W. Beebe secre
tary.
The platform adopted reaffirms the na
tional Republican platform of 1596, and
commends President McKinley for carry
ing out its declarations; rejoices over the
victories achieved in the present war
with Spciin; congratulates the country on
the annexation of Hawaii; pledges the
nominees of the party, If elected, to econ
omy heretofore unparalleled, and inserts
the following plank:
Witnessing as we have during the recent
years the steady growth of Republicanism
throughout the San Joaquln Valley (regarded
ever since its settlement as a stronghold of
Democracy), we bid fellow-Hepublicans in sis
ter counties to be of good ctaoer and press for
ward without faltering, encouraged by the as
surance that the Republican party, in nation
and State, has enterrd upon a new era of
progressive and aggressive achievement that
will not only redound to the greatness and
happiness of this nation, but be a potent fac
tor In ameliorating: and uplifting oppressed
peoples of the world.
A. J. Pillsbury of Tulare was Indorsed
for Congress in this district: J. J. Cairns
received the indorsement for State Sen
ator, E. T. Cospen for Asemblyman, and
T. J. Kirk of Fresno for State School Su-
perintendent.
The following nominations for county
officers were made: Superior Judge, W.
A. Gray; County Clerk, John Cutler Jr.;
District Attorney, J. A. Allen; Sheriff,
G. T. Nighbert; Recorder, J. O. Thomas;
Tax Collector, A. O. Erwin; Assessor,
John T. Manter; Treasurer, J. E. Denny;
Auditor. E. M. Jeff eras; Surveyor, Elmor
Sibley; Superintendent of Schools, W. F.
Dean; Coroner, T. C. Carruthers.
The convention was marked by great
harmony.
WRECK SIGHTED OFF
CARMANAH LIGHT
Steamship Athenian Passes a Dis-
mantled Schooner Not Far
From the Point.
VICTORIA, Ft. C, July 9.— The steamer
Athenian, which arrived at daylight this
morning, passed a wrecked sailing schoon
er about one and a half miles from Car
manah Point. The wreck was painted
black and had white deckhouses. There
was no sign of a crew. A strong south
westerly wind is prevailing, which is like
ly to break her up.
The Athenian left Skaguay before the
steamer Ora arrived at the head of Lake
Bennett. Major Steele estimates the
amount the Ora would bring at $5,000,000
in dust. The total output he places at
$^0,000,000.
Rich <juartz finds are reported at Tag
ish district. Claims are bonded for $150,
000. Seven thousand boats have gone
through the White Horse Rapids. There
is great excitement at Mary Island.
Quartz claims have proven valuable, and
a New Tork syndicate is bonding all the
claims obtainable.
Warrants have been issued for Collector
Ivey's arrest on a charge of criminal libel.
He is en route to St. Michael. An officer
will be sent after him.
CHINESE REBELS
ARE VERY ACTIVE
They Capture Mening and Tien Pak
and Are Surrounding Wu Chuen
Sien in Kwang Tung.
CANTON, July 9.- he rebels have cap
tured Mening and Tien Pak and are now
surrounding Wu Chuen Sien, In Kwang
Tung.
Many of the internal revenue officials
have been killed.
The situation at Wou Chow Is critical.
A great exodus of the wealthy natives is
taking place.
HUNTINGTON TAKES A HAND.
Interested in the Purchase of the
Galveston, Laporte and Hous
ton Road.
NL/W YORK. July 9.— The Times says:
C. P. Huntlngton was asked last night
whether he was interested in the pur
chase of the Galveston, Laporte and
Houston Ralroad. which was bid in at
foreclosure sale two or three days ago
by George C. Holt of Woodstock, Conn.,
for $400,000. The railroad was ordered
sold by the United States Court in Texas
some time ago, but the upset price of
$500,000 was higher than any bid received.
Subsequently the upset price was re
duced.
Mr. Huntlngton would not say that the
road had been bought for him, but he in
timated that such might be the case. He
said he was Interested with persons who,
he believed, were going to bid for the
road. He did not know Mr. Holt and,
therefore, was not prepared to say
whether or not his friends had secured
possession of the property. Mr. Hunting
ton said he personally made an offer for
the Galveston, Laporte and Houston
some time ago, but It was refused.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Miaalon.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■■■ ''_•__
From the Surgeon General f^^^^^^^W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ftjfcft Vj R mi yfc m -tijfca By mSf w£4 tBS t&m t3 KB I
. YIN MARIANI (MARIANI WINE) is invaluable
During long, tedious marches, . . .
at this season of the year, when owing to trying
our soldiers and officers found in- .. '. . .. . . cuc^onfi™
- P climatic changes, the system is especially suscepti-
stant relief from fatigue and hard- b j e to attacks of debility and prostration.
ships, when using the marvelous MARIANI WINE is especially indicated for Gen-
tonic, Yin Mariani; it prevented e™l Debility, Weakness from whatever causes,
• .-■ • . ' , Throat and Lung Diseases, Overwork, Profound
fevers and sickness in the mat shy
Depression and Exhaustion, Consumption, Malaria
and unhealthy territory.
and La Grippe.
H. libermann, DA. D. MARIANI WINE as a general tonic and in-
surgeon General French Army, yigorator is unequaled. It gives power to the
—^~~^~~~~~~~~~~. brain, richness to the blood, firmness and elasticity
From Dr. J. Leonard Coming' s to the muscles, and strength to the entire nervous
„ . m .-v , ..  system. Therefore is it described as a promoter of
Book, "Train Exhaustion. J .
good health and longevity. It contains absolutely
Published by D. Apple ton. '. .. •<.- i.-
no injurious properties, as any conscientious pnysi-
"Tbe preparation known as Yin c an or chemist will certify.
Mariani is the best in the market. MARIANI WINE is an adjuvant in convales-
. . cence and a powerful rejuvenator. For Over-
// is a remedy par excellence against . * ■
worked Men, Delicate Women, Sickly Children it
worry. Besides exercising an in- Wonderg J t soothes, strengthens and SUS-
vigoraiing effect upon the cerebral tains the system.
tJ . , . . ,  , , To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West Isth Street, Hew
centers, it imparts an indescribable York Clty> wil| ta Bent> free> containlnft portPaitB and autoeraphB of Em .
psrors, Empress, Princes, Cardin a!s, Archbishops and other interesting matter.
sensation Of Satisfaction. Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 Mortimer street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital street.
HUNTINGTON
IS HOPEFUL
Discusses Central Pa
cific Affairs.
WRONGED BY SHAREHOLDERS
IS DOING THE BEST HE CAN FOB
THEM.
Says There Seems to Be Some Com
plaint in London, but It
is Without Founda
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 9.— Collls P. Hunting
ton, president of the Southern Pacific
Company, when interviewed regarding the
bearing of the proposed plan of a Cen
tral Pacific settlement on the affairs of
the company, said:
•'We have not made up our minds what
■we had better do. The bill gives some
little time to fix the matter up with the
Government, and many things are likely
to happen in twelve months. My im
pression is there will be some arrange
ment arrived at satisfactory to both the
Government and to the shareholders.
"I have myself been pretty busy with
the road. In fact, I built it. My in
terests are still largely Identified with it.
I have some shares for which I was at
one time offered 70%, but I did not want
money and did not sell them. I have
aLways faith that people can obtain just
about :he right thing if they go about
It in the right way. There seems to be
some complaint 1n London about me, but
1 myself know that I am doing the best
I can for the shareholders. All the trans
continental roads have gone into bank
ruptcy twice except Mr. Hill's Great
Northern. I have the Central Pacific al
ways in a position where it has paid
ita bills, except to the Government, and
1 may add right here that when the Cen
tral Pacific bond bills were passed b>
Congress in 1862 and amended in 1864, no
one supposed that anything would be paid
the Government more than the services
rendered the Government. If these ser
vices taken into consideration It would
be found that the Government had been
paid far and above its investment.
"I am looking out more particularly for
shareholders. We want to take care of
them. The Government has received $3
in benefits for every $1 it advanced in the
construction of the road. There are some
people in Congress who make it their bus
iness to tear down things, but the share
holders of the Central Pacific should cer
tainly be paid and I have every hope that
they will be paid.
"As I have already said, I believe the
bill will lead to something else. Our Gov
ernment destroyed the Central Pacific. It
gave the Northern Pacific and the Atlan
tic Pacific land gTants twice the value of
those given the Central Pacific. In bulld
rhg those other two roads It did not in
crease the business to be carried, and
what is far worse, competition cut down
transportation rates. There is not busi
ness enough for all the roads. Competi
tion meant death to the earnings of the
Central Pacific, but when we get Central
Pacific affairs adjusted we can run in
harmony with the Southern Pacific and
eventually. I believe. Central Pacific
shares will get back to their best price "
GERMANY'S GAINS AND LOSSES.
There is no reason to doubt the ability
of Admiral Dewey to cope with the Ger
man warships now In his neighborhood,
and although eventually the number of
these may be somewhat increased, our
own fleet will be shortly re-enforced by
the Charleston, the Monterey and the
Monadnock. After the destruction or cap
ture of the Spanish vessels now cooped up
in the harbor of Santiago, the ships under
Admiral Sampson would be abundantly
able to deal with any naval force that
Germany could place in the Atlantic. We
may take for granted, therefore, that
Kaiser William II would not begin hos
tilities against us unless he were assured
of allies among the maritime powers. Pre
sumably, he might count upon Austria,
whose naval strength, however, is but
slight, and It is possible that he might be
supported by Italy, the other member of
the triple alliance. It is, on the other
hand, highly improbable that France
would combine wnh her worst enemy to
injure the United States, or that Russia
would renounce the advantages of friend
ship with this republic for the sake of
helping Germany to gain a coign of van
tage in the Philippines.
It is certain, finally, that there are two
powers, the aid or countenance of which
could not be secured by the German Em
peror, =yid which. In the event of a gen
eral war, would be impelled by their own
interests to side with the United States
We refer, of course, to Great Britain and
to Japan, which. In combination with the
United States, would bo more than a
match for the rest of the world at sea.
The Japanese can entertain no kindly
feeling for Germany, seeing that the lat
ter power combined with Russia and
France to compel the revision of the
Shlmonosekl treaty and to deprive the
Mikado of that foothold on the Chinese
mainland which both Russia and Ger
many have since acquired. It is clearly,
also, for the advantage of the Japanese
that, if they cannot themselves possess
the Philippines, those islands should fall
to the United States, which has no desire
to despoil the Chinese empire, rather than
to a power like Germany, whose designs
have been disclosed by the occupation of
Klaochau. To England it is of manifest
importance that a group of islands which
lies between Hongkong and Singapore
should not be controlled by the German
Emperor, whose colonial aspirations can
not be easily reconciled with the main
tenance and extension of England's com
mercial prosperit3 r .
There is, on the other hand. *,n absolute
community of interest between England
and the United States, so far as the far
East is concerned. In a word, we may
fairly assume that if the German Em
peror should try to rob us of the fruits
of Admiral Dewey's victory, wp should
have allies as well as he. and that our
allies would be the stronger.
The chances are that the outcome of a
war between the United States and Ger
many would be, for the latter country, the
loss of her colonial possessions and of the
laboriously constructed navy upon which
such high hopes have been based. Such
a war would be, moreover, extremely dis
tasteful to the German people, owing to
the increase in taxation, the rise in price
of food staples, and the debarment of Ger
man commodities from all markets be
yond the sea. For these reasons we do
not believe there is any probability of an
attempt on the part of Germany to inter
fere with our occupation of the Philip
pines. — New York Sun.
TAXES AND PATRIOTISM.
There is an impression that the war
taxes are expected to produce something
like $200,000,000. It is a mistake.
The estimated revenue that will be pro
duced by the new system of taxation
amounts in all to $284,000,000, but the rev
enue for the present year upon some of
the items amounts to $146,000,000. The dif
ference, $135,000,000, is the increase over
the amount levied in times of peace.
Strictly speaking, then, the war taxes
amount to a comparatively small sum and
are so well distributed that no one will
feel the burden in a serious way.
Thus far there has not been an expres
sion of dissatisfaction from any source.
This graceful acqulesence on the part of
the people is but another evidence of in
tense, unswerving and unquestioning loy
alty. All things, including life and prop
erty, are' at the command of those in
authority. Small wonder, in view of this,
that the Old World looks on with amaze
ment at a people contented, happy and
prosperous in the midst of a costly foreign
war. And a great wonder it would be if
any of them should be bo careless as to
attempt to dictate what this country
should do in the end. The undertaking
would be fraught with great peril, and,
as it looks now, none of them will molest
the United States when the final settle
ment comes.— Cincinnati Commercial-
Tribune.
In 1897 the millionaires of the United
States gave more than $32,000,000 to
various benevolent and charitable in
stitutions; no gift considered here
being less than $5000.
.^ ' ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
\
1^""™ The leading authorities Our department for the
i^""^""™ who have made women's i treatment of all diseases and
L ailments a life study de- j weaknesses of women is un-
L""™ ""■ clare that our women are der the immediate super-
|b^mi becoming a race of invalids, ; vision of the most compe-
f«^M^M physically unable to bear the \ tent, reliable and experienced
' ■__ Stern necessities of every- \ doctors in the United States;
I' day life. This assertion, our remedies, methods and
ft coming from such a reliable appliances are positively su-
—— ■— source, ought to make every j perior to all others.. This
\^ mm^ m^ girl, woman and mother ask j statement has been verified
%4% 4 themselves: "Ami in dan- jby hundreds of women who
£■—■«-■ ger of becoming one of 'came to us suffering with
' mmmmmmmm this army of afflicted women? disease or. weakness, and
;'*_. Am I as strong physically as I are now well and strong.
?'■• " 1 should be? Does my j Testimonials on file in our
v ■ system need rebuilding?" ! office. "" «
|, : Book for women and i Consultation and ad-
| ; . symptom blanks free I vice free. Thousands of
£ at office op by, mail. women cured at home.
I ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
-731 market Street, San Francisco '
Hours-8 to 12. Ito 5 dally. Evenings 7 to 8. Sundays 9 to 1L
TOO EAGER TO
OBTAIN FEES
Thrifty Justices of the
Peace.
MANY NEEDLESS ARRESTS
SATJSALITO COURT OFFICIALS
HEAP A HAR/EST.
Alleged Vagrants Taken Into Cus
tody Only to Bs Released With
out Being Sent to
Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 9.-It appears
that seeing the law in poolroom cases
as others want them to see it is not tha
only weakness to be laid at the door
of Justices of the Peace in Sausalito
Late this evening the Board of Super
visors adjourned its session until th*
19th inst., weary and indignant. The
cause of its extra labor was due wholly
to certain practices of the Justices, the
worst being that of running up bills
without any material gain accruing
to the people. District Attorney Mar
tfnelli was kept busy all yesterday and
to-day examining these bills and con
ferring about them with the board In
explaining the matter he said:
• "Arrests appear to be made in Sausa
lito without any good reason whatever
The docket for the past three months
shows some seventy arrests, most of
them being for vagrancy. The shallow
ground for the arrests is shown from
the fact that the docket shows numer
ous entries on which persons were re
leased on agreeing to leave town. This
is not a final disposition of a case by
any means. But if we made a protest,
then they would send everybody ar
rested here and swamp the County
Jail, so Supervisors are powerless to
remedy the evil, llagrant though it is."
The Supervisors are considerably
worried over this leak in the county
finances, for each of the seventy cases
costs the taxpayers about $7 30, making
a total of over $500 for the three
months. There was only one case that
could be partially remedied. Justice
Bellrude overstepped the legal limit
and had $36 clipped off his bill of $237.THE YELLOW
HAMMERS WIN
They Easily Defeat the
Friscos.
UMPIRE SMITH EJACULATES
PERRINE'S WILDNESS CAUSED
DEFEAT.
Fresno Displays Excellent Form,
While the Friscos Play Their
Usual Poor and Stupid
Game.
BY JOE CORBETT.
"Can't you wait until I am ready?"
This is the remark Mr. Smith, the auto
crat of the Held, hurled at a Mr. Shea.
who -w;i*. doing the relief act, a proceed
ing quit ■ common almost every time the
San Francis ■ • i to play ball.
Mr Shea - in of the pitch
er's box in the second inning. aft< r Mr.
Perrine, the eccentric marvel, had pro
pitiously filled the bases with Fresno
••>■■ How hammers."
Mr. Shea, it appears, is a very nervous
chap— always on the "do something."
Mr. Smith, on tho other hand, tak.^s
things quite easily, never allowing him-
Frlf t'> become nd believes im
plicitly in the provi rb that "prudence is
one of the first dutl a of an umpire."
He experienced great difficulties In the
fourth Inning of yesterday's game in ad
justing his mask. Fir some unaccount
able reason that caK<' would not fit his
head, and It was while he was experi
menting with a new Idea, which no doubt
struck him quite forcibly, that Mr. E
unfortunately pitched the ball, it cut
the plate In two, but Mr. Smith did not
see it, as he was still busy with that
idea, which every second became more
complicated. It was during: this exigence
that he ejaculated, with some acrimony,
"Can't you wan until I am ready?" What
could B i do with
this remonstrance? I believe he r.-torted
In a rather subdued manner, but this re
mark, whatevi r it was. conveyed no fear,
as Mr. Smith would give no decision, and
the matter terminated, greatly to
the disgusi who had undertaken
a tusk containing a superfluity of diili-
Mr. Shea was not the only one humili
ated by this gentleman's remarks, but as
he umpires ball games in strict accord
wit h the rule? and is a man of in
tegrity there should be no grievances.
li" some of the other umpires would ad
here to Mr. Smith's methods there would
be less discontent. He gives his decisions
vociferously and with great precision. He
does not hesitate before issuing them, and
wi;i entertain onged disputes,
which truit is much admired. In the j>u.r
of tiie diamond, "Mr. Smith, you
are a wonder."
I would continue singing your praises
were it not for an ominous circumstance
which I had cognizance of and which was
verified during the mix-up yesterday.
For s<>me time pa>-: reports pertaining to
the improved condition of the Fresno
u-am have reached my ears, yet little did
I dream that thej were attended with so
mucb Their superior work in
. dej artment, however, in y<
days game wa> confirmation enough.
My! What a grand game those yellow
raisln-eaiers did play : In only one in
stance did they fai}. and this in the last
inning, when Brittain permitted Dunlea
vy's safe hit go through him. Had it not
been for this one mistake rian Francisco
would have had to succumb to the Inev
itable—a shut-out. Not a run did they
until the ilnul Inning, and the
fates may be thanked for that.
Thomas was an enigma, from start to
finish, and at times pitched phenomenal
ball. This later style of twirling asserted
■ In an unmistakable manner in the
eighth inning, when, after giving his only
n lalis, the next three men, Beaton,
Shea and Perrine. succumbed on strike.-,
to his prowess. Not once did he show
signs of falling, being steady and collect
ed throughout.
Opposed to him was Messrs. Perrine and
Sheu. The former pitched an inning ana
v. half, and in that space of time, by
his bases on balls intermingled, of course,
with . nal hit, lost the game.
Shea succeeded him with the basts full
and but one man out. Two runs were
■I before he had Becured proper con
trol of the ball, but after this inni::.
"jte Thomas, was invincible, although in
a much milder form.
Th. • .ling how the game might
have terminated had Shea started off.
dering his work after the second
inning, there is room to surmise that.
had he been sent in at the beginning, a
and interesting gam- wointi have
resulted. As it was. the game was de
cidedly one-sided and uninteresting. The
FrlHcos. with a line-up impo.-^iT:.
recognise, owing to the new faces and
the way the men were changed around,
played Their usual poor gam<-. Perrlne,
«f course, was the real offender, and hi*
prior showing, no doubt, unnerved the
team, yet at times their work was pro
voklngly stupid, especially the base run
nine <.f Krug and ('roll.
Mr. Collins also gave an instance of
what happens to a man when ho neglects
t" construct his play. In the second in
ning the bases were full and the l.ittt.r
hit a sharp grounder to Collins, who
picked it up, and, after touching third
base, Stood stupefied with the ball in his
hand, allowing the other runners to make
their destinations. He had ample time
to retire the man at either first or second,
but, n*t having his play constructed,
nervous prostration followed the retire
ment of the man at third.
The .snappy, gingery play of the "yel
low hammers" was an awe-inspiring con
trast to the stupid work of the Friscos.
They mado five errors, equaling their op-
Fonents in this respect; yet their other ef
orts were bo brilliant and steady that the
mistakes credited to them pale into In
significance, save Brittain's error, which,
under the. circumstances that prevailed,
was inexcusable. They com* °ted three
lightning double plays, and i a word,
played the liveliest games eased at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IEPOHEIM,
The Tailor.
Bee our reduction Inprlces. TTR
Flni» all-wool worsted and Jb\
t'TKf- suitings that we ar« c\f
making to order for 51. '.50 iC^L
and $17.50; are well worth Vjfjjfcw
9~r> and $.'{(>. These are K/iSuM
bargains which you should £iitJtJF'\si&.
not overlook. Come early, JH *Jjg*\\
as they are going fast. t^ifei/*J Cl
Remember that all these ImHbh
suits are made to order here ■RIKREv
In Kan Francisco, guaran- l^v^rf^
teed to fit. and best of 'Jw?
workmanship and trim- iSflttaPx
minps. mWfll \
We have nloo reduced our kK ? [ *
935 and MO suits to 925 X J' .
and 930 during the month M Mf
of July. A full line of -X  j ■
trouserings are also re- __H4wik -f ■
From «n to 93.75 Xt&&&hsfe?'k <!v! v
From 9S to #<».<><> X2 *«SaSe£^3*^
203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bash.
844-845 Ihrket St.
1110-1112 Market St.
COUNTRY STORES:
(86 Foarteenth St., Oakland, Cal.
003-605 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
113 Sooth Spring St., Lot Angeles, Cal. . ' . ■
Recreation Park this season. The score
is as folows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Krug. s. b i 1 0 0 4 8 3
Croll. 2 b 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
DunWvy. lb 4 0 1 Oil 0 0
Hearty. If 3 0 0 0.3 0 0
Btroecker, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Collins, 3 b 3 0 0 1112
!<■ at n. <>. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Bhea, r.lip 3 0 1 0 l 3 0
Terrine, p. & r. f... 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 1 4 1 27 14 5
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Early. 2 b 3 2 0 1 3 1 1
Held. 1 b 3 10 0 9 11
McCue, c. t 6 1 0 0 « 0 0
Courtney, s. s 4 0 2 1 1 4 2
Moore. 3 b 5 0 0 0 1 3 0
FerKUSon, 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 U
Hrittain, r. f 4 110 111
ManKerlna, c 4 1 1 1 8 1 0
Thomas, p 1 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 6 4 3 27 14 5
HUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—l
Base hlta 0 0100200 I—4
Fresno 1 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 O— C
Base hits 0 2100000 I—4
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Perrlna 1. Bases on
errors— San Francisco 4, Fresno 5. Bases on
balls— Snn Francisco 1, Fresno 9. Left on
bases— San Francisco 3, Fresno 8. Struck out
B/ Perrine 2, by Shea 3. by Thomas 7. Double
plays— Krug to Croll to Dunleavy, Early to
Held. Moore to Held to Courtney. Passed ball
— Struecker. Wild pitch— Perrine. Time of
game— l:ls. Umpire— Hugh Smith.
♦ .
ATHLETICS VS. FRESNO.
They Play To-Day at Recre
ation Park — The Line-Up.
An oxoiting game will, no doubt, be the
programme to-day at Recreation Park.
These two teams are playing great ball,
and. in view of this fact, a big crowd will,
!:.> doubt, turn out to see them compete.
The line-up is as follows:
Athletics. Position. Fresno
Eagen Catcher s'nngurlna
Xit stjiat rick Ptteher Held
Ford First base Brittaln
Retlly Second base Early
Johnson Third base Moore
PtuHz Shortstop i 'nurtney
McLaushlln Left Held Ferguson
Pyne . Center field McCue
KiUMirand Rtsht field Tawney
WHEAT DULL WITH
A SHORT SUPPLY
STILL, PRICES ARE NOT EX
PECTED TO FALL MUCH.
The Situation Abroad One of Fair As
surance — Weekly Review of the
Local and Foreign Grain
Markets.
The dullness characterizing the wheat
market during the past week was any
1 thing but pleasing to the trade. At Die
opening on Tuesday there was evidence
; of strength, caused by the continued dla
'■ appointing yield, as reported by thresh
• ers. The Southwest filled the trade with
news of this character. Its Influence was
fast taking hold, when Snow's Crop Re
view made Its appearance — claiming a
700,0.10,000 bushel crop, regardless of pre
vious damage-^claiming the Kansas acre
\ age will be 4,500,000, as given by County
Assessors, and 5,000,000 acres, as given by
: experts, against the Government estimate
of 3,800.000. The report takes into consid
eration reported damage, yet in bushels
there appears no deductions. The report
at this time was given more credit than
It really deserves, from the fact that the
, speculative sentiment Is bearishly in
clined. The Government estimate for
June will be made public on Monday, and,
■ it is believed, will show a falling off from
the figures given for May.
The spring wheat sections are reporting
some damage where the soil Is of a sandy
character, showing a lack of moisture.
South Dakota complains moat of insuffi
cient moisture, while North Dakota has
bad too much rain. The James River
Valley, in South Dakota, a valley quite
tho r.iuul of the Red River Valley, in
North Dakota, begins to show signs of
drought. With too little moisture in one
and too much in the otner, this must
before long influence speculation. Re
ports from the uplands adjacent to these
va-leya are on the whole favorable. A
crop is never secure in the Dakotas even
after it hits been cut. The severe storms
! that are always to be feared at that sea
i son of the year many times do the great
| est injury.
If the small yield of winter wheat
shown by Southern States should prove
: true of other localities, there is a grave
question whether the crop of IS9B would
be equal to that of 1897. Any accident to
the spring wheat crop would cause a
rapid advance in prices. The visible sup
ply decreased 2,524,000 bushels, making
the total Blippjy 14,702,f"K> bushels, the
smallest at this season of the year for a
long period.
On Friday Chicago didn't receive one
; car of wheat, a fact unknown before. St.
],<>uis received 100,000 bushels of new
■ wheat. The visible supply on Monday
I will probably show a large falling off.
[ Spot wheat is in good demand. July
shorts are not yet out of danger. It is
: claimed there is a heavy short interest
in that nv>nth. It Is hard to fc-c where
: they will llnd wheat enough to deliver.
Prices should not go much lower. A fair
advance would not surprise the trade.
The situation abroad is one of fair as
surance. The English crop prospects are
> good. Seasonable weather throughout
June was of great benefit. Stocks
throughout the United Kingdom are com
pletely exhausted. Consumers of all kinds
must depend upon foreign importation
of wheat and flour to carry them into
th(-ir own crop. English farmers scraped
their bins dry in order that they might
sell during the period of high prices.
England will require 450.000 quarters of
foreign breadstuffs per week for almost
six weeks. Port stocks are now below the
level of 1,000,000 quarters. These condi
tions exist in the face of the largest Im
ports ever known to the British trade.
Russia reports drought in the eastern
part of the empire. In Southern Russia
heavy and continuous rains have fallen,
and there are now reports of crop dam-
age.
Poland crop prospects are good. Re
ports from the Samara and Charkov gov
ernments are very unfavorable, as the
crops are suffering from want of rain.
The wheat In Southwestern Russia has
recently Improved and now shows better
condition than at this time in ISitf.
French prospects are good. The crop
promises from 65.000,000 to 55,000,000 bush
els more than 1897.
Roumanla— Crop outlook Is favorable,
harvesting being well under way.
Austria-Hungary— Conditions point to
an average crop.
Italy— Reports from all parts of the
kingdom show crop prospects very fa
vorable.
Holland and Belgium— Conditions are
reported good. Average crop anticipated.
Germany— The weather is generally fa
vorable to the growing crops, which with
some exception! have a satisfactory ap
pearance.
India reports largo shipments of wheat
to Europe still continue, and the total of
the season is close on 3,000,000 quarters.
The yield of the wheat crop in the Bom
bay Presidency 1b given at 3,550,000 quar
ters, being 1,650.000 quarters larger than
last year's short crop. The monsoon has
set in, and it remains to be seen how long
It will last and if it will be well distrib
uted.
Argentine — Last year's crop completely
sold out. There will be an increased
wheat acreage. Sowing of wheat has just
commenced:
Spain reports wheat conditions very fa
vorable; expecting to have 10,000,000 bush
els for export this year.
Sweden— Crop conditions are unfavor
able, on account of cold and unseason
able weather.
Turkey reports conditions excellent; a
good crop Is looked for.
Bulgaria— Harvest secured. Barley crop
very large; wheat acreage greatly de
creased.
Greece— Wheat crop smallest ever
grown, resulting from war causes.
Australia— Good rains— the best for five
years; prospects bright.
Tunis— The area under wheat is given
as 884,000 acres, against 741,000 last year,
but the acreage is still inferior to that of
some former years. r _ r
Woodbridge Canal Sold.
After months of litigation the Wood
bridge canal property was sold yesterday
by Commissioner Heacock to Franklin
Davis for $11,000. The last time the prop
erty was put up was in March, when E.
C. Card bid $5000. The case will come up
before Judge Morrow on Monday for
confirmation of sale.
THE BA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
HARES WERE
QUITE SPEEDY
But the Hounds Went
Them One Better.
NEARLY ALL FAVORITES IN
FEAB NOT, THE ONLY ONE OJF
THiJ SHORT ENDERS.
A Rattling Course Yesterday and a
Lively Field Promised for
To-day at Both
Parks.
A fast list of entries furnished excellent
Bport at Union Coursing Park yesterday,
and the betting- was lively. Favorites
reigned supreme during the running, and
the talent reaped shekels in abundance.
The shortenders were tempted with odds
ranging from 35 to 4 to 1, and in only one
Instance did fortune smile upon them.
Fear Not was played heavily by the latter
class, as odds of 4 to 1 were offered thut
Terrona would win. The latter dug lea
up to the turn, but Fear Not passed him,
and began working the hare, earning the
flag and causing joy to those who were
aboard.
Of the sixty-four dogs entered but one
failed to materialize. The prizes offered
for winners in the stake are many and
generous, and this accounts for the num
ber competing. Very little delay occurred
in deciding the courses, and the card was
run off beiore 5:30 o'clock. The undefeated
dogs that will compete in to-day's meet
aro a speedy and uncertain lot, and bet
tors should have all kinds of surprises.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
| Open stake, Hrst round— D. Dowst's Sarcastic
beat J. McNeil's Sportsman; E. V. Sullivan' a
Jesse Moore beat li. & S. Kennel' 8 Butter
Scotch; T. Butler's Susie beat E. & It. Scott's
Dr. Norman; E. V. Sullivan* Right Bower beat
■ E. Civilian's Traveler; E. V. ttulllv&n'l Pre
j tender beat Gibson & Moore's Monitor; E. V.
: Sullivan's Mira Monte beat Fred Davies' Per
<• tton; S. E. Portal's Laureiwood beat D.
j JJlckßon's Bernelee; Curtis & Son s Rosette
' beat Pasha Kennel's Rich and Artless; 8. K.
i Portal's Our Boy beat Foley <t Kelly's Reviver;
, Larkey &. Rock's Hercules beat Pembroke Ken-
I nel 3 WUdflower; J. J. Warren's .Sweet Lips
1 beat S. McCullough'B Magneto; D. J. Haley's
: Rusty Gold beat Schusen & Duncan a Wheel of
i Fortune; Curtis & Son's Lady Campbell beat
J. A. Watson's Sky yueen; John Kerrigan's
Lady Blanche beat C. B\ Ingersoll's Glenwood;
Al Austin's Douglas beat B. Dougherty's I'eace-
I ful Glen; Curtis & Son's Carahtr beat B. & 8.
I Kennel's Brandy and Soda; E. V. Sullivan's
! Flying Buck beat J. H.^erigo's Wayfarer; li.
& S. Kennel's Belle of Seville beat E. C.
; Rosin's Santa Rosa; H. R. Baldwin's Jester
| beat D. Hooper's Mary X; J. A. Watson's Miss
Skyrocket beat Calamity Kennel's Beatrice; N.
, M. O'MeU'a Promise Me beat T. J. Cronin's
! Magnet; EL V. Sullivan's Blackstone beat J.
J. Edmonds' Forgf-t; E. & R. Scott's Mystery
beat J. Monkhouse's Black Pet*; l'usha Ken
1 nel's Arapahoe ran a bye; Al Austin's Glen
', stone beat S. E. Portal's Lightning; J. McCor
; mlck's White Lily beat B. & S. Kennel's
' Beauty Spot; Thomas McEldowney's Gossoon
i beat D. Keane's Spry; I. L. Sear's Hot Stuff
\ beat Pasha Kennel's Alameda; Lahnsen &
Duncan's Precita beat J. H. Smith's Bendlgo;
| J. McCormkk's Rapid beat Larkey ft Rock's
! Liberty; E. V. Sullivan's Fear Not bent Pem
i broke Kennel's Terrona; T. J. Cronin'a Thorn
hill beat I. L. Sear's Beauty.
To-day's card will be aa follows: Sarcastic
I and Jesse Moore; Susie and Right Bower; Pre
: tender and Laurel wood; Mira Monte and
1 Rosette; Our Boy and Herculea; Sweet Lina
; ami Rusty Qold; Lady Campbell and Lady
I Blanche; Douglas and Cavalier; Flying Buck
and Belle of Seville, Jester and Mi.-s Skyrocket;
! Promise Me and Jilnrkston^: Mystery and
Arapahoe; Qlenstone and white Lily; The Gos-
I soon and Hot Stuff; Piwtta and Rapid; Fear
j Not and Thornhill.
The probable winners are: Jesse Moore,
! Susie, Mira Monte, Our Buy, Rusty Gold,
UlackPtone, Oletutone, Hot Stuff, Rapid and
Thornhill.
■»
! COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Ida, an Eastern Greyhound,
Distinguishes Herself— Will
Meet Hadowist To- Day.
The first meeting at Ingleside Coursing
Park under the auspices of the Interstate
Coursing Club, of which Dominiek Shan
■ non is president, was held yesterday. The
j attendance was good and the sport high
; class.
The best course of the day was between
■ Gladiator and Long Shot Conley. They
I left the slips evenly, made a grand run up
| the field and then turned thf hare back
toward the grandstand. They crossed and
recrossed Immediately In front of the
spectators. Gladiator finally killing and
winning the course..
Ida, winner of the Waterloo, made her
first appearance on a California field. Al
| though not in condition she ran up to the
expectation of the leatshmen. beating Fair
vu-w. She will mevt Hadowist, another
Eastern-bred dog, in the second ties to-day
I and unusual interest centers about the
outcome.
The running in detail was as follows:
Deckleman & Panarlo's Glen Chloe beat J.
; Rodney's Lassie Hayes; Liorne & Thompson's
I Victor beat C. Sullivan's Parnell; J. Shee
! han's Laps o' Gowrie beat E. M. Elkus' Tele
j phone Girl; P. Brophy's Benlcla Boy beat Kay
& Trant's Klllarney Lass; Kay & Trent's Cross
Patch beat J. .1. O'Brien's Statesman; Deck-
Itman & Pnnarlo's Old Glory beat W. Gra
ham's Sunny Side Maid; D. Shannon's Hprlg
o' The Hill beat T. i'.urke's Little Pete; D.
I Kaher'B Belle of Moscow lost to Kay & Trant's
I Leonora; Napoleon Kennel's Fireball beat F.
I niack"s Coralle; O. Burflend's Royal Pride beat
; Kay & Trant's Eclipse; O'Connell Bros. Log
• Hoy beat James Burns' Clipper; Handy &
Smith's Ida beat Lynch & Maher'B Falrvlew;
A. Ilalgh's Hadiwlst beat Larkey & Rock's
Minerva; J. Baddeley's Hobson beat S. Han
son's Our Climate: P. O'Donnell's Counter
felt beat J. O'Dowd'B Clifton Lasß; Lowe &
Thompson's High Born Lady beat A. Halgh's
Hattel; D. Shannon's Swinnerton beat Lynch
& Mtther's Dakota; D. China's Happy Day lost
to Derby Kennel's Mona; J. Dean's Gladiator
bent D. Hooper's L. S. Connolly; J. P. O'Don
nell's Las Palmaa beat Handy & Smith's Per
simmons; Kay & Trant's Masterpiece beat E.
M. Elkus' Telephone; Napoleon Kennel's Pa
i ciflc Queen beat E. Murphy's Gilt Edge; F.
j Black's Occidental beat J. Farley's Tullamore;
1 W. T. Sullivan* Trink beat Dillon & Rellly's
Queen B; J. Sheehan's Lady Jane beat J. Mur
nanc'B Valley Maid; T. A. Gaffney'n Sir John
Arnott beat Nnpoleon Kennel's Decorator; H.
Weber's Montana beat D. Shannon's System
atic; Dillon & Rellly's Granuale beat S. Mor
gan's Flag; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle beat J.
Dean's Mlalmo.
The draw for the consolation stake
which will be decided to-day follows:
Falrview vs. Happy Days; Statesman vs.
Eclipse; Decorator vs. Gilt Edge; Valley Maid
vs. Belle of Moscow; Telephone Girl vs. L. H.
•■"onnolly; Clipper vs. Sunnyside Maid; Clifton
Lass vs. Quern Bee; Systematic vs. Minerva;
Mlalmo vs. Tullamore: Dakota vs. Hattel.
The probable winners in the all-age
stake:
Victor to beat Glen Chloe; Lass o1o 1 Gowrle to
beat Trilby; Crosspateh to heat Benlcia Boy;
Old Glory to beat £prig o' the Hill; Leonora
to beat Fireball; Royal Prize to beat Log Boy;
Ida to beat Hadowlst; High Born Lady to beat
Hobson; Counterfeit to beat Swlnnerton; Gladi
ator to beat Mona: Masterpiece to beat Las
Palmas; Occidental to beat Paclllc Queen; Lady
Jane to beat Trink; Sir John Arnott to beat
Montana; Myrtle to beat Granuale.
Consolation stake — Falrview to beat Happy
Days; Eclipse to beat Statesman; Gilt Edge to
bent Uecorator: Belle of Moscow to beat Val
ley Maid; L. S. Conley to beat Telephone Girl;
Clipper to beat Sunnyslde Maid; Queen Bee to
beat Clifton Lass; Systematic to beat Minerva;
Mlalmo to beat Tullamore; Hattel to beat Da
kota. ■
The Salvation Colony.
Major Wlnchell, of the Salvation Army,
has Just returned from the army's col
ony at Fort Romie, near Soledad, and he
reports the venture to be a success.
There are houses there for seventy fam
ilies, but owing to the dry season only
halt that number of colonists have been
allowed to go to the place. The major
says that the colony has 225 acres of
land under cultivation, of which eighty
are in potatoes, fifty in beans, twenty-five
in fruit trees, fifty in hay and the rest
fn sugar beets and other products. The
land is under fine cultivation, having
plenty of water from the artesian wells.
South for 100 miles the country is barren.
The Salvation Army is so well pleased
with this venture that a move is being
Sjade to start another colony in Fresno
or in Los Angeles County. Colonel Hol
land of New York is on his way here
to set the project in motion.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GREAT FINISHES
AT OAKLAND
But One Favorite Wins
the Money.
TOGGLES BEATSAGREATFIELD
DONATHAN MEETS WITH DIS
ASTER.
Old Phmkett Wins In a Hurricane
Finish Over Hijo del Diablo.
Notes of the Race
Track.
There was racing galore at Oakland
yesterday and of the real old-fashioned
sort— hammer and tonga from start to
finish, and favorites ofttimea dethroned,
only one landing.
At noon the Golden Gate Club members
had the track for a sweekstakes at $25
a corner, live in it. Farmer Bunch acted
as starter and had the spectators in doubt
as to whether it were a vaudeville show
or a horse trot. No pools were sold, so
it all went. Berry won it with Haviland
off the reel, best time 2:27, although in fun
the timers hung it out 2:14^.
Prior to the start Haverly reared and
his sulky "ran under," unseating Mead,
the driver, but fortunately doing no real
harm. In the opening heat it was right
close, but thereafter old Haviland had It
cinched under Berry's capable reinsman
ship. He beat Dandy Pat a special heat
for the refreshments later along, and was
decidodiy in it.
The regular racing card started with one
of the match racus between two daugh
ters of Nutwood Wilkes — Where Is bhe
and Central Girl. The latter won it in
2:22'^, 2:2S>Va, alter the long named tllly
had landed the opening heat in 2:25 Hat.
No pools.
Then the no-record pacers took • the
track and it was Primrose at 1 to 2, but
she was unsteady, and finally Resort won
in 2:15 1 /j, Donathan driving a splendid
race. 1 Direct was close up, both "stop
ping" badly. The quarter was ;31V», half
l:0t>, and little wonder eacli tired. Kesort
was at 5 to 1, and his party gave an ex
ultant yell as Donathan's bronze colors
flashed by the wire In the van. Peanuts,
refusing to score, was left, but Williams
jogged out the mHe. The favorite took
down the show money, but was clearly
not on her best behavior. His last out
Resort played the rogue and would not
score, so the pacers go.
In the very next race Inferno was the
choice, and Uiid up the initial heat for
Beachwood, but when it came to a ques
tion of money-hunting the coifs harness
broke and Murray stopped him, returning
to the stand the reverse way of the
course. Nothing to it but Beachwood In
2:15%, 2:15%. Butcher Boy a capital sec
ond each trip, and the gallant filly Direc
tress near at hand under the gad all the
way from the head of the stretch. She's
an unsteady miss going away, but races
like a Trojan coming to the wire where
they pay off. The talent got a greai
dump, as Inferno won so easily his last
out it looked all over but the shouting.
Another dump came in the open to all
trotters, where Zambro. the hitherto un
beaten, was a 3 to 5 shot, but landed
minus his driver— last in the bunch owing
to a collision with Aster at the five fur
long ground. Toggles came on at his ease
ana won in 2;13 at 5 to 1 over Ethel
Downs. The half in 1:05^ cooked the
black mare's goose as she is none too
frame, and carried away fast will quit,
/ambro and. Aster were placed, but be
hind the monex- Donathan was unhurt
and Zambro readi'^- captured at the gatf
of his stable. Aster's sulky was minus a
tire and that is all the damage — except
to the wise gues.=ers who fancied Zambro
and never thought he could be behind at
the far turn. He did not score as steadily
as was his wont and a few took their
money oft. Monterey would not go in n
trot, so was only third. He will yet have
his day.
The 2:14 nace went to Little Thorn in
2:14%, after breaking to a standstill go
ing away. He simply outclassed th<? rt-.^t
five seconds and the supp*medly fast hop
pled pacer, Arthur \V. stopped short on
the stretch In the punishing finish he got.
Thorn was 1 to 2, and the sole favorite
to land the stuff throughout the day.
The veteran Plunkett, after finishing
last this race, came out and won the
special event in 2:18 at 3 to 2, beating
Hijo del Diablo in the stretch handily.
F W showed a world of speed and Rex
Alto was too unsteady to any more than
reprimand. The winner has now two cap
ital finishes well handled by. Mizner, and
don't forgf-t old Dan when passing the
medals for good driving. He always gives
the money an honest, consistent drive,
and, too. hasn't the cracks of the meeting
on hh; staff with which to go out and lis
ten to the jingle of the bookmaker's coin.
His horses go the route and look like the
feed bills are at all times paid.
SUMMARIES:
FIRST RACE.
Bpp^tftl match race, one" mile, heats, J in 3:
Central Girl. b. m. by .Nutwood Wllkes
(R. Abies) 2 1 l
Who Ip Sh^, b, m. by Nutwood Wilkea
(O. McDonald) 1 2 2
Time— 2:2s, 2:22%, 2:2Bft.
SECOND RACE.
Green clans, pacers, one mile dash; purse
$200:
Rmort, br. g. by Hawthorne (W. Donathan). 1
I nireot, b. h. by Direct (J. M. Nelson) 2
Primrose, b. m. by Falrose (J. Thompson).. 3
Mark H. Llndo, Roderick, Oaff Topsail and
Peanuts also started and flnlnhed in that or
der. -
Time— :3lV4. 1:06, 1:40^4. 2:15V4.
BettlnK: Auctions— J< ield »-i Primrose $10
Books— Resort 5. I Direct 2, Primrose 1 to 2,
Peanuts 4, Lindo 8, Mark H 10, Roderick 10
Gart Topsail 12.
THIRD RACE.
2:18 claes, pacing, one mile, heats, I In 8;
purse $3(iO:
Beachwood, br. m. by Sllkwood (John
Baker) 1 i
Butcher Boy, eh. g. by Secretary (D.-
Mizner) 2 j
Dlcta-tress, eh. f. by Dlctatus (8. E.
Kent) 4 3
Dktatus, eh. h. by Red Wllkes C. Day) 6 4
Fltz Aymon, blk. g. by Waldsteln (C.
Hurlburt) 5 6
Bess H, br. m. by May Boy (C. Blgelow) 7 6
Inferno, br. g. by Diablo (W. Murray).. 3 Dls
William Baker, b. g. by Silkwood (J. Pul-
Hvan) 8 Dis
Cora S, b. m. by Alex Button (W. Hog
oboom) 3 Dr
Time: First heat— :35, 1:08%. 1:43, 2:15%.
Second heat— :34, 1:07%, 1:42%, 2:1",?4.
BettinK: Books— First heat, Beachwood 3 to
2, Butcher Boy 5. Inferno even, Fitz Aymon
4, Dlctatus 5, Dictatress C, William Baker 6,
Cora S 15. Second heat — Beachwood 6 to 6,
Dictatress 7, Butcher Boy 5 Fltz Aymon 5,
Dictßtus 7, William Baker 10, Inferno 1 to 2.
Auctions— Field and Inferno even.
FOURTH RACE.
Free-for-all, trotting, mile dash, purse J2OO
Toggles, br. g. by Strathway (C. E. Clark)... 1
Ethel Dowries, blk. m. by Boodle (C. F.
Bunch) f
Monterey, eh. h. by Sidney (P. T. Williams).. 3
Aeter and Zambro also started.
Time— :3Zi4. I:OT,H, 1:39V4. 2:13.
Betting— Toggles 5, Ethel Downes 3, Monterey
5, Aster 2, Zambro 3 to 5.
FIFTH RACE.
2:14 class, pacing, mile dash, purse $200.
Little Thorn, b. g. by Hawthorn (J. Thomp
son) 1
Arthur W, b. h. by Wayland W (J. Qulnn).. 2
Fltz Lee, b. g. by Arthur Wllkes (J. Sulli
van) 3
Plunkett also Ftartod.
Time-:33-y 4 , i:o7*. I:iV^, 2:14%.
Bettlns: Auctions— Little Thorn $10, field $8.
Books— Little Thorn 1 to 2. Arthur W 2, Fit*
Lee 6 to G, Plunkett 2.
SIXTH RACE.
Ppeclul pace, mile dash.
Plunkett, b. K. by Strnthcrn (D. Mlzner) 1
HIJo del Diablo, b. h. by Diablo (J. M. Nel
son) I
F W, eh. p. by Nephew (John Gordon) 3
Rex Alto also started.
Time— :33"4, l:ftSH. 1:43V4. 2:18.
Betting: Auctions— Field $6, HIJo del Diablo
»5. Books— Plunkett 3 to 2. HIJo del Diablo
even, F- W 8 to 5. Rex Alto 2.
Robinson Bequest Fund.
The annual report of Mayor Phelan rela
tive to the disbursements of the Robinson
bequest fund was filed yesterday with tha
Supervisors. It shows that during the
past fiscal year $2255 was distributed
among the following: charitable organiza
tions, in addition to $505 distributed to
worthy poor at the Mayor's office: As
sociated Charities. $300; Children's Day
Home. $250; Sisters of Mercy, $150; Salva
tion Army, for use of old and homeless
women, $150; ".Little Jim" Ward, Chil
dren's Hospital; Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter, San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children, St. Andrew Society, The
Helpers' Catholic Ladies' Aid Society No.
2, German Ladies' Benevolent Society and
French Ladies' Benevolent Society, $100
each.
THE IRISH FAIR.
Novel and Attractive Features Being
Arranged for the Visitors
During Its Continuance.
The visitor to the great Irish Fair
and Industrial Exposition at Mechanics'
Pavilion will view a most remarkable
spectacle if a glimpse into the interior
of the annex at the Pavilion now is any
criterion. Many scenic artists, sign paint
ers and decorators are working on huge
traveling paint frames and on scaffolds,
transferring to canvas pictures of Ire
land, famous structures and scenery. To
make the illusion of visitors more com
plete many of the exhibits of firms will
partake of the Irish scenery character,
and the young ladies and gentlemen who
will participate in charge of the various
booths will be dressed in costumes of a
handsome and appropriate maierial.
A very beautiful booth will be the flow
er booth in charge of T. C. Butterworth,
as chairman, and Miss Margaret Davla,
Miss Annie Lonergan. Miss Stasia Feath
erston and other young ladles. They will
be attired In lavender and white cos
tumes, and no doubt the booth will be an
attraction that will merit all the atten
tion bestowed upon it.
An interesting test was made yesterday
of a solution for rendering cheese cloth,
bunting, muslin, paintings, wood, etc.,
absolutely fireproof in the annex of the
Pavilion, and so satisfactory was it that
the Irish Fair management has ordered
a large quantity, and all goods and ma
terials used in the booths will be thor
! oughly saturated with it. The 'represent
atives of the Fire Department were pres
ent and indorsed it, and stated that with
the many wide aisles, the fact that nearly
every booth stood by itself, and that all
the general drapings in the interior
would be dipped in this, it would be
the safest exposition or fair ever held in
this city, and would render their watch
fulness almost needless on that occasion.
At the last meeting of the executive
committee a committee consisting ot
Messrs. Flanagan, McGinney and Hart
was appointed to take charge of the
night parade and reception of the Irish
soil, now on its way to this city. It was
Wedded to invite a delegation from the
Knights of the Red Branch to act as an
escort, and to ask that at the meeting
Wednesday night a committee or delega
tion be invited to assist in the reception
nnd parade, and to provide carriages for
them. Delegates from the various sections
of the Celtic Union, together with the
members of the executive committee and
management, will participate in the pa
; rade. Eight or ten decorated trucks will
convey the noil in casks up Market street,
escorted by Bennett's band. It is expect
ed that the soil will arrive in about three
weeks in this city.
HAVE BEEN WHITENERS.
Conklin & Donahue State That They
Have Had Experience in That
Cltiss of Work.
Frank Conklin, who obtained a con
tract to do "whitening" from the School
Department, and who was referred to in
the expose of Director Burns' methods in
yesterday's Call, disclaims being a spec
ulator, and in defense of his position in
the matter yesterday produced a direc
tory of 1882, in which his name appear*?
arid his occupation is given as a carpet
cleaner and whltener. Mr. Conklin says
he is a whltener and thoroughly under
stands the business, and has done consid
erable work of that character. So far as
his connection with the contract is con
cernet', he says, it was perfectly straight.
He has no apologies to make to Mr. Burns
or any one connected with the School
Board.
Thomas Donahue, also mentioned as an
interested party in the contract, makes
affidavit to prove his right to accept such
work. He nays he is a practical painter
and whitener, having served a regular
apprenticeship. He admits being em
ployed by Mr. Conklin in the capacity of
foreman and as such is overseeing the
work of whitening in the School Depart
ment.
Will of Edward H. Parker.
The will of Edward IT. Parker, a rest
dent of this city, who died in Stockton on
the Ist inst., was filed for probate yestor
day. The estate of the deceased consists
of thirty-six bonds of the Market-street
Railway Company, valued h\ $36,000, and
$5000 in "bank. Mrs. Emma M. Elliott, wife
of lieutenant William P. Elliott, an
adopted daughter of th^ testator, is be
queathed $20,000. The residue of the estate
is given Mrs. Emile McCoy, a sister of
decedent, who resides In Jersey City. X. J.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
O °
q It Pays to Trade in the Mission. q
o Metal Bed. °
n O
** The Oliver Snail Head Metal Bed i q
® beautiful in design and finish, yet q
O simple and sensible ; large brass bar q
O at the head. ' I?
O" These beds were chosen . to fu'n ; sh ij
O the large seminary at Menlo Park ®
O against the competition of fifty other O
q designs. O
o °
i °o
"^ HBTSBSSJ PPBt ?S^V»T 'iBW gTO »C 5 M" J O
o C^T^^^A^TJr^i °
o S^JJ & . o
O j L^NJ^kt^ o
o '^^ foi mf o
O HP °
o s.^"^ _.i__^T- u^a -o
£% H|HIHEBBB»j2iiBOwa^£IuBHHfIB3BB6fIHHBBHHMB c*
2 Sizes - Single, three- CO rkfk «
O quarters, ■ double .-. q>iJ»\J\J O
O We've mntal beds from $2 75 to $75. Q
n\, Send for our Special Catalo«?U2. n
" Bedding Department— Comforters, v
O Blankets, Pillows, Mattresses, ©
q all at Mission prices. q
Iv- PATTOSIEN'S , 1
0 Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets. °
o • o
OO OQQOOOQQQ
lA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, .
Tenth' Floor.' Koom 1015, Clans Spreckels liulg.
■ Telephone 3ruiyn Al.
Residence; ' 821 California (treat. balow
Powell. , Ban Francisco. •_.-.;
'•• *■• • '§ i 1 :; *- I /* '■
■■■;@ : ;H^ ■■'.H^B ; V:/---Hv ;tl ; ;,
Rad way's Ready Kellef for Sprains. Bruises,
Bore Muscles, ' Cramps, Burns. Sunburns, ' Back-
ache, ■ Headache, 1 Toothache, Rheumatism.' Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago. '' Internally ; for ■ all Bowel
Pains 'Colic, 'Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, fete All uru*-
girts. •;; - .■. ■ .-• .- : ' r. ■ . ■ . ■ j
■-■.■;■■-.. : :<--'.'. : \--- ;
' . ADV^BTISEMENTS. .. : .
•f +> 4- -4- -f 4- 4444 4 4 4 -♦- 4 4+ *.+.+ > 4->"> 4* 4 -f > * + -f-*-.
4- -- ./ ' ■ ■ ' - ,- • ' - ■" ■t-' ? /t
! CITY OF PARIS |
♦ DRY GOODS COMPANY, 4-
I GENUINE REDUCTIONS X
"♦" ' ■ ■ ■ IN- +
♦ ' - . - .; :.-■"' >
4 ■ , ... - ♦
♦ Never Before Offered in San Francisco for ♦
4 Higb Class Creations of the Best
♦ European Artists. +
x '•.:-';'.—^- ■ -t^-.:
+ UNTRimMED HATS— First Floor. 4-.
FORMER PRICE. SALE PRICE +
♦ .75-EODQH BTRAW PHANTOM HATS, new shapes and shades....... .2S "♦"
x $I.SO— MIXED AND ROU&H STRAW SAILOa3 ; also new shapes in FRENCH OHIP +
. and SATIN BRAIDED STRAW SO "*"
4" 81.75— JAUNTY FRENCH SIDE FLARINB CHIPS— Roagh Satin Straw and English
4- Tarbans.. » * .75 ]f
4 $2.SO— STYLISH FINS FRENCH CHIPS, with Mixed Fancy Braid Brims ; also
4 STYLISH SATIN STRAW BRAID POKE BONNETS SI.OO T^
•f $5.00-THIS SEASON'S PERFECT STYLE KNOX BLOCK HATS *-2.«50 x
1 ■■■■ ■ ipa .-— ■ 4
I TRimmED HATS-Second Floor. +
4. All new designs and exquisite effects, genteel and beautiful as the X
l most refined could desire, comprising creations of CAROLINE REBOUX, T.
T ESTHER MEYER and RIBOT of PARIS and OUR OWN. "♦"
t FORMER PRICES— $10 $12 $15 $25 $30 $35 $45 $50 $55, $00 and $65 *
4 SALE PRICES- $5 $6 $7.50 $12 $15 $17 $20 $25 $30 +
"♦" This method carries conviction that these goods are being posed of 4-
I ■At HALF PRICE. t,
+. Quality and Price put together are sure to convince all. ,
+ MOURNING HATS AND BONNETS AT PRICES CUT IN TWAIN. "T
♦ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, +
4 Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. +
+ UNION SQUARE. +
+ ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. V
44 4444444 4 4 4 4 4 4 ♦''♦ 444 44444444 :44: 44 4:
• AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. K. Chamlet. M. p. '
17 THIRD ST.. Ncnr Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ivhF Tr» Full Set of Teeth
i*y)Mf f utJijf, trading free Jj 00 up
-^ JXT Mjy^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
£ t ~~°^Sr.-&i*C^ V Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
*r r^r&«^j3~l__ Open Evenings Sibundavs
r^|®rl van vroom
>^/7w;v Electro Dental Parlor*
*%E |^\'Slxm and -Market
9 ■ Dr. GW. Klelser, Prop.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltmroo Ferry* 9—X •! Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 3:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. • •
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, E:io p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, S:4O, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Sar. Francisco and Schuetsen Para:
same schedule as above.
Leave I • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ' San Francisco.
June 29. —
Week I Sue- " IS9S. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. [ days, f Days.
7:8» ami r. :00 am Sovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pro] 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro. 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
1 Fuiton, I
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
LyttOn,
Geyservllle, i
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am : Hopland ami " 1 10:25 am
3:80 pm| 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am ~\ ■•., ■ 10:25 am
S:00 am| Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3-30 pm I j I 6:22 pm
<:3oam 8:t0 am Sonoma lU:4oam b:4u am
. and
6:10 Fm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 "ami Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
I Stages connect. at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprints; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervllie for Ska^gs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at- Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kel/ieyville, » Carlsbad
Springs, Soda -Bay. Lakeport ■" and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley'B, Bucknell"n,. Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, BooncviKs,-' Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg,' Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ■ tickets at
reduced rates. ,' •■ - • .
On Sundays round-trip, tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronlflo Wrtir.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. =
From June 1, 1888. trains will run as follows:
• South-bound. '■' .'■'"' : North-bound. ■
Passen- Mixed," -.ts , Mixed, Passen-
ger, Sunday - Sta- . Sunday ger,
Dally. Exc'pted tlons. ... Exc'pted Daily. -
7:20 a m 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 pm
" 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rslld 2:30 a mll0:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Visalla ) 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
. Connections— At Stockton with •steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement' Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily; .at Merced with stages ■ to and
rom Snelllngs, Coulterville, Yosemtte,'. etc.;
also with stage from Homitos. Marlpo^a. etc ;
at Lar.kershlm With stage to and from Modem.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sa.usalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9S.
. WEEK DAYS. r v
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. *S:00,
•9:30, -11:00. a. ■; m. ; .»l:*s, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, •6:00,
6:30 p. in. _ .......
- Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m. • ■
'_--■-.-..■:■■.:, .f\ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »»:00,
•19:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, »1:45. •2:30, *4:oa
6:30, C:45 p. m. : .. ■
11:00 a.'m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run. to -Mill- Valley.
Trains marked ■• run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p.m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m.'.week : days (Sat. : ex.)— Tomales • anil
way stations. .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallu. Ferry.;
Leave San -Francisco,: commencing • May 1,
1898:,-/: ■ : ■■.'■"-:,: ?-'■'■ "-■-
Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 and C:l5 p. m.
Sundays— B:o^/9 :00,; 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:20 p. m. ■ -  :«';: . ":■; .
i July 4th, IS3B, trains will run on Sunday time.
,1 Bound trip from Mill Valley. $1. ' . ■■'■
THOS. COOK & . SON. Agents. 621 .. Market
street, Ban : Francisco. . ' : - ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••DTUKKN rAt'lt'lC COBPAHT.
(I'AOiriO MYKTBM.) . .. '
Train* !«•!»»«■ mill air <ln« to nrrl»» ■•
MAN HCA\(IS<«. .:, -
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
t,ttAVK — From Jpy» 1, 1898. ■— a»iht»
'G:OOa Niles,B»n Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
7 :OOa RpniL'ia, Suisun »nd Sscramento. . . . IO:4Sa
7:«Oa Mirysville, OroTilleaud Bediling ila
Woodlautl S'liJ'
T:OOa Vacaville and Ramsey Salop
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
tJaliitoja aud Santa Rom £ .p. p
8,-OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ofden and Kast.. »«43*
KsSOa Kilcs, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjmille, Chioo,
hania and Re.l Itluff *'li*
•»:SOa Peters, M ll ton, Oakdale... »«tl»p '
•iVOa New Or'.eaua Itiiiress, Merced, Fres-
no, llakerslleM. Santa llarliara, ■ '
Ja,s Any«-len, Doming, El l'aso.
New Orleans and East •i4»p
IO:»<U Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45*
•I:OOr Sacraiuetitn liiver St«*i>i«rs ....... # »iOOr
...;... Sau Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... JO: 13a
«:OOt> idrermore, Mcndota, Hanford and
Viaalia • 4:15p
....... IjTwrniore. Sen Jose, Niles and Way
Stations •• i»«xl3A
Fresno, Yosemito, Meroed, Miurtind 18«l»p
4iOOi- Martinez, Hail Unman, Vallejo .
N»pa, Ciillstoga, Xl Verano and
BmiUKosn.. •'»»*
4:OOp Benicia, VacaTtlle, Woo .ll
Knights Landing, MsrysfiUß, Oro- '
tIIJb »nd Haorameiito 'J'fJ* '
4i3op Kile* San Jose, Tr*cr and Stockton .. 7tl»P
4tS»y Stockton, Lodi, Onkdale (James-
town for Yoßemlttr). Merced l»il»»
«iBOp Lathrop, Modesto. Meroed, Berend*
(Raymond for YosomiteX Fresao. '
Moj«re. Santa Barbara mud l<oa
Aiikl-Ips Ti4Wa
4i»or Hantu I.) Runto. Attautic Kiprsa) -
for Moja»e and Kiuit..... 6t ?
OiODr Knropeati Mall, Ogden and Kast.... »i4»a
•«:«<»•• Vallejo : ia>l»P
• illllr Iliiynnniii. Nile* and Man Jose 7«43*
t7iooi> Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J««4»»
■IOOr Oregon Kiinrss.Macriiiiieiitu. Marys.
■ rllle, itoiMltiK, rurtliiml, l'»(S«»
Hcininl mid Kiwt .:..... S:1BA
' KAN LKANJiKO AMI lUVWAUI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~ I Bel rose, senilniiry I'ark, ( ,i ! >»*
KiOOa Kitclilinrir, Klmlmnt, '!S 8 15 A
»'•>»* Ban I^andro, South si* J«^
11 200 v Loremo, Cherry • <i:4.-»p
iS.oop ' . and l* s ** p
Bjoup MiiTnnrdn. v -. - " IJ|i4Sp
7z«Op < Buns through to Nile*.' V Ti43p
J t From Niles. - 'I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxrurtion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Btattons |9i©B»
Newark, Oeuterrille.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Crcek,B»nU Orux »nd Way
5tati0n5.. ....;.... :....... 8iflO»
*StlSp Newark. Ceuterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Folton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Crua and Principal Way
5tati0n5............ •I»«8«A
4tl 8p San Joso, Glenwood It Way Stations 9i2oa
04i13p Boulder Creek »nd Bant» Crn« JP:g«*A_
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma SIR mUCISCO— Not »! Market Street (Slii I)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•1:00 tS:OO '6:00
freraOilUKß— foot if Br»»<iw«y.— ♦6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tI2:CO '1:00 *2:00 »3:00 ti:M 'B^Qp.m.
' COAST DIVISION (Uroad «a«ge). "
■\Thlrd and Townsend 9t^.) ' ' -.
•7iooa Huh Jons and Way Stations (New
Alinadpn Wednesdays only) li3of
{7>3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz. Ficifio Grora and '
Principal Way Stations JB:M#
•iOOa Han ,U*o, Iras Plnua, HauU Cms,
Pacilic llro»«.. Paso Uublcs. Sao .
liitlt Oliisim, Oa»d»lupe, Surf and ■
Principal Way .Stations 4ll»»
. Km O a San .lose and Way Stations •*:••!
11<»Oa San Jose and Way Stations *S:BS*
•»>43r Ban Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lone,
Oilroy, Holllster, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Paoillo
Gr0T0.... , «I»i8«a
*ttS«p Ban Jesse and Way HkM10n5. ......... *9:O«>A
•4tlsp San one mini Principal Way .Stations . B:-1Sa
•SiOOp Han Jo«e and Principal Way Station* 0::I3a
5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way SUUoes> . 5:30*
O::iop San Jose ami Way Stations v 7:SO«
tHi4»p Ban Jose mid Way Stations tiaa/
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•H»n<la>B exeepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays *>lf '
4 Bund>#3 and Monday* ■ a Saturdays and Sundays,
Santa Fe Route
kf Guild A C IyLIU IC
THE BEST RAILWAY '
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
, Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on me Following Time 1 . ■ :
; Xieave San Francisco.4:Bo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.P.B.
' [arrive Denver. 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
■arrive Kansas City.. 7. -00 a. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
IA-rrlve St. Louis «:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago...... »:00 p. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS :
Serve Superior .Meals at Very Reason-
• able Rates. ■ :
! YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
I* You Travel on the Santa P«,
" SAI FMICISCO TICKET — Rl MARKET ST.
. . Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala' 1520. . -
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. .
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Joso o£ca— 7 Wo3t Santa Olara Si. 5
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON ' 6T3.— RE-
; modeled ' and renovated. KING, WARD ■ A
CO. - European • plan. Room* otic to $1 60 day,
i {& to «8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; Are era tea la ever*
j room; elevator runs all night. ■ -- ■ -
1112
FAN TRANCISCO CALL.
'BUSINESS OFFICR of the San Francisco
"Call, corner of Market nn<l Third streets, open
until 11 o'clock £Very night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
«*r«r Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
JtS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; «i-»n until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market . street, corner Sixteenth; open
until « o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
*526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientiit. Central
block. 223 Sutter Ft., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— At 11 a. m., Christian Science
Bible lessons; subject. morning "Life';
veiling, "Elijah's Proof That God Is the
Bource Of Supply." Sunday-school for chil-
dren at the same hour. Testimonial meeting
Wednesday at h p. in. Ail .•,:
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Kuchanan sis— Rev.
John Stephens, pastor; residence, 308 Haight
et. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Preaching at 11 a. m. by the Rev. W. M.
Woodward, D.D.. and at 7;45 p. m. by the
Rev. O. C. Miller, D.D. The President's
proclamation \.iii be rea.i and special prayer
offered. Sunday BChool lit 12:::" p. in. ; C. B.
Perkins, superintendent. Epworth League
meeting at 6:45 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 p. m. The public
cordially Invited to all the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers In attendant -.
Music by the Simpson Quartet Sunday nwrn-
ing.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. between Sixth and Seventh, l>r.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach
bp usual— Subject, morning sermon, 11 o'clock,
■■I'he Law <>: Compensation in Human Life."
Subject of evening sermon, 7:-k"> O'clock. "The
Blue and the Gray- A United Nation." Class-
i 1 1 t i k :ii 9:30 a. m Special Sunday
. \.-nises in the auditorium al V2Aj p. m.,
Rolla V. Watl superintendent. Christian En-
deavor societies, 6:15 p. m. This is a peo-
ple's church. Everybody cordially invited.
Ser.ts ire..-. Courteous ushers. Mid-week
• r and prais.- service Wednesday, 7:15.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness aye. ar.d Sacramento St.- The
pastor. Rev. Edwin H. Jenks, will preach at
11 a. m. an.i Rev. H. P. Williams, chaplain
of the lowa Regiment, at 7:4.". p. in. The
Presidents in will be remembered
at both of thes.- services. Sunday-school at
12 16 p. m. Y. P. S C. E. at 6:30 p. m.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at S
o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Geary
and Powell sis Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:4.=. p. m.
Evening t.<pi<". "America's Resources and Op-
portunities After the War." All are cordially
invited.
FIRS! Church, corner of Post
and Mason sts Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Service! it 11 a. m. and 7:4". p. m.
Rev. W. W. Ferrier will preach morning and
evening. Sunday-school and Bible classes at
12:49 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. Samuel
I>. Mayer, organist and choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational church, Post St.,
mar Webster Servl 'es to-day at 11 a. m. and
; p. m. Sunday school at ?:30 a. m. Rev.
C. S. Nash of the Pacific Theological Semin-
ary will preach morning and evening. Morn-
ing subject, "G ! Superior to Time." Even-
ing subject, "A Triumphal March." The
public cordially Invited.
tVELSH Presbyterian Church— The Rev. R.
Vaughan Griffith, late paei ir of the Welsh
Church, will preach at Cambrian Hall. H3:i
Mission st.. this morning at 10:15 In English
iind in Welsh at 7:30 this evening. You are
illy Invited.
THi: First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse by S. A. Eckman.
Services n a. in. In Yosemite Hall, M ik..h st.,
between Geary and Post. All are welcome.
"IN HIS NAME" preaching and healing ser-
vices held this day. 2 to 5 and fit) 9 p. in..
by Rev. Dr. "Francis" Warnon. at Mills
Tabernacle, Oakland. Serin.. .ns from texts
chosen by audience. Numerous blessed re-
FUlts of prayer this week In blindness, spinal
incer, an "hylosls, dear-
ness, Inmenes3 trom paralysis, rheumatism,
accident, and remarkable testimonials to be
presented of sa. '.den disappearance of tu-
mors larger than a human head; shortened
limbs quickly lengthened ; broken bones (arm,
collar and rib>, instant'y and perfectly Bet;
bedfast sufferers declared to be "dying " per-
fectly restored and able to rise, dress and
walk (.ut; all by the power of "Jesus only,"
through the believing prayer and "laying
on of hands" of one of his instrument.-,
Francis Warnon. "without money or price."
directly or indirectly. This brother takes
th- wh tie financial re of the en-
tire Tabernai le expenses, never asking money
of any human being, and declining any pay-
ment for his services, whl«h are ihus proven
to be wh< lly for th» glory of God, who honors
this absolute "work of faith" by the a)
ant outpouring ol his spiritual and healing
grace. Bring your sick and help us to i
our pr. n >p!ni Lord Halli I
(The Committee, Mills Tabernacle, Twelfth
.i >ak'.and.)
rilK Christ ng and h<-aling services.
ut ol tli. tei " are now h-ld
e;ic!- ■ ■ I ■■'clock in Mills Tal
Twelfth and Webster
Ms.. Oakland, by Rev. Francis Warnon, as-
sisted by several cl< • ' is
working mightily arr.. .:«.■■ us; the totally bi n 1
Fee; totally deaf hear; the lame d
crutches run and leap, praising Jesus only,
our E it< aler. Bi r sick;
oil Is withi ut mi ney and wit
I"HE< iSi IPHICAL S • Public le
ever-. - ck In Fra-
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' building. Market
and - i. T. .-night "The Secret of
Saturn," i • " v A.. Walsh.
Circle foi ■ ••■ meeting
Wedi ening at S o'clock. All aru
UNIVERSAL Brotherb I L Ige No. 7.
(Theosophli al S- cirty in Amerli a I
Acii.i- I '-'■ : 'T?
to-nig!:t. "Sword of Knowledge " Mr-. Ila---
furt' i (right, "Astral Entities ' ;
Law of Karma."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
rHB
. Larkin Bt., Sunday, July 10,
at 7:!'. sharp; speaker, Mrs. R. S. Llll
t, '"The Triumph of Right"
• ■as; this will close Mrs. Lllllo's present
ot with our BOCI
the camp meetings, return-
ber 1.
ORAND testimonial test Bean t< Mrs R. B.
Llllie, prior to her departun for the East, by
the renowned John Slater, Madam Young;
musli by Prof. Richard Young; M> nday
t, July n. :• :■' • a, 10 .
I>l\ INE .-■ . , '■■"■ Hall,
421 I'ost St., i'.t ■-' p. m., Mrs J.wephlne Wii-
son, speaker. Subject this >Li>. "Ab
Lifted Up the Serpent In the wilderness, ao
Mum th« - ■ ■•• Ufted Up."
AT Dr. tunes' Spiritual S ciety, 909 Mart
Mrs Sealey, Katie Heu smarm, Vlgers, L:i.i-
d«-rH, Dr. Carpenter, C. Nelson, boy; 10c. Dr.
X.'s office, ■■'■'• Market st.
JOHN SLATER, grand tesi to-nlffht,
sharp, 909 Market st. ; full names, tests,
messages and questions answered; admis-
enta.
MRP rcles Sunday and
Thursday cveningr 2ic. 32'j McAllister st.;
sittings d
! and S p. m., 10c. 335 McAl-
. K. A. Stltt, Nlta, Mrs. Bird. Har-
grave, others.
MMX. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; corns, skeptics.
gj [NSON, Dr. Alice Tobias, Mrs. Grif-
fin; : . t- •light, ctli &. Market; free.
IRENE SMITH will lecture to-night at Gier'a
Hall; readings in palmistry and psychometry.
C. MAYO-STEERS, circles Tuesday, E p m7|
Thursday, 2 p. m. ; 2ic: readings, $1. 113H Oak.
C. V. millers etheriallzlng, materializing
snnnrri; s p. m.; 50 ci-nt*. 403 Leavenworth.
LEANDER gave £0 convincing te?t« last Sun-
day night; test circle to-r.iyht; r."s Eddy st.
MEETING NOTICES.
BXCKLSIOR Lodge No. 310, I. O. < s&mte i ,
(i. F., will Install its officers for ;^F^*?fc :
the ensuing terra on MONDAY =^S2?^ r
EVENING, July 11. at its hall, ' / ?'l<vK-
2319 Mission st. All are cordially Invited.
Come and have a good time.
C. C. EHRER, N. G.
R. H. FAIRCHILD, Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. .■« tmds ,
O. O F.— lnstallation MONDAY «SS.
EVENING. July 11. ::.-•:,— : £X<g?Sr
W. H. STACKPOLE. N. G. "'"■
JAMES LAWRENCE, Recording Secretary.
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America— yj^ji
The picnic 'committee will meet on »^?vSfl
TUESDAY EVENING, July 12, to * iV
complete arrangements for the picnic Jfv'\vV
at Shell Mound Park. July 24. All ; s..>»T>
members of the committee are expected to
be present. Reports will be made by all
sub committees by the chairmen; on arrange-
ments, J. B. Cosgrave; on reception, Charles
L. Sheahan; on games. William J. Fitzgerald;
on order of dance and floor management,
William P. Collins; on prizes, the committee
as a whole. JOHN GANEY, Secretary.
BINTRACHT Spar and Ban Verein The :m-
nual meetlne <~t O** above assocfatton will
be hold at thoir office In Eintraeht Hall. 237
Twelfth St., on TUESDAY, July 12, 1838, at
7:30 p. m., for the purpose of electing direc-
tors for the ensuing year and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting; polls open from 7:30 to 'J:3O p.
m. Bookß are now open for subscription to
the IStb series; par vp.lue of shares $100;
monthly payments $1 per share.
F. HUFSCHMIDT, President.
HENRY GILLE, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
LOYAL Orange Institution of Amer- . $>?<
lea— The twenty-third annual picnic --^v^r'
will be held at Shell Mound Park,/CVIA
Berkeley, on TUESDAY, July 12.M&7* •'»
Dancing, games and valuable prizes. -ii=?*ft
Boats leave foot of Market St. every hour.
Tickets 25c. Children under 12 free. Soldiers
and sailors In uniform admitted free.
COMMITTEE.
REBEL CORK Benevolent Society— Twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will take place at
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY,
August 7. 1898. Tickets— Adults. 50c; children
under 12 years, free. Boats leave every half
hour for park. Music by a first-class band.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
Bts., on MONDAY, July IS, 1898, at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.. on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July. 189 S. at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys have
been admitted. to the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Haight St., from
January 1 to July 1, ISMS: Aileen F. Wolf.
11% yrs; Margaret L. Wolf, 9% yrs; Hazel
I. Wolf, 8 yrs; Bella Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
Blanchard, 10 yrs: Leona Blanchard. 8 yrs:
Ethel M. Cheatham, 10% yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs; Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs; Rhoda
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ida Wedde, 8 yrs; Elizabeth
Meyer. 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs: Mary
Fleming, 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffier, 8»4 yrs;
George L. Smith, 5% yrs; Arthur Smith. 12
yrs; Mark Smith, 8% yrs: Walter Smith, 7
yrs; Charles Fleming, 11% yrs: Thomas
Forbes, 9 1-3 yrs; John A. Primus, 8% yrs;
Hugo G. Berg, 9 yrs; Vivian Berg, 7 yrs:
Charles Wedde, 3% yrs; Louis H. Fiest, 12^,
yrs; Albert Fiest, 10 1-3 yrs: Leroy Fiest, 7%
yrs: Orion Blanchard, 11 yrs, and Henry
Koenicke, 3 yrs.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco,
Cal.. has received the following orphans, half-
orpbans and abandoned girls from April 1 to
June 30. IS9S: Mary Elizabeth Gresham. aged
7 years; Gladys Elizabeth Gresham. 5 years 3
months; Ruth Myer Merrill. 2 years 6 months:
Amelia Daubet, 6 years; Hazel Densmore, 12
years 10 months: Isabella Hague. 10 years 9
months; May belle Benbow, S years 2 months;
Fredericka Hermann. 7 years 5 months; Flor-
ence Hermann, 5 years 5 months: Mabel
Lavln, 12 years 1 month: Lizzie Rellly, 4
years; Marjorie Graham, 8 years 11 months.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum slnoe January 1, 189$. to July
I, Philip Kearns, 2 years: Patrick Nor-
ton, 6 years; Annie Norton. 5 years: Mary
McDonald. 4 years: John McDonald. 2 year*;
Robert Cafferty, 5 years; Rose Gomez. 5 years.
-
BAD tenants ejected for M: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny st., room 20.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post St.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine. cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA DURWKLL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. HIS Market St., room 8.
MRS. K. BALDWIN, magnetic healer: room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER. 865% Market St.. room
12. opp. Baldwin: Eteam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
manage. 101 Eddy st., room 12.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market st.. parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths ar.d massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
Eape Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
827 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND KOIIC-S,
DIVIDEND ..otlce— The Nevada National Bank
of San Frar >co — A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th lnst.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
15th lnst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6. IS9S.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
• Ban Francisco, June 29. lS'.'S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, IS3S. ire- from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
IS.JB. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-clays se-
lect help. s-:r. Market ft.: phoni» nay 1.1.1.
SIT U AT 1 0 S WANT D— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
3 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
GERMAN girl would like washing and clean-
Ing by the day; Wednesday and Thursday
preferred 51 10 a day. Address 4 Ivy aye.,
near Polk st.
EXPERIENCED woman of 28 wishes situation
as housekeeper; Is also an experienced nurse.
Address box 141, San Rafael.
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer
desires position; familiar with legal work.
Address box 95, Call ollice.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in store or
bakery. 1530 Folsom st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in small fam-
ily; general housework; last place 9 years.
Call 433 Twenty-ninth st., city.
"WANTED— a nil Idle-aged woman of expe-
rt net a position as housekeeper; Is also a
tji-od ■ i ms tress and manager of children;
reference. Address L. S., box S3. Call office.
GOOD cook warts situation a short distance in
the country; wages $20. Address 1 Essex place.
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation; across the bay preferred.
Call at 210 East St., bet. Howard and Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED widow with a child wishes po-
i sltion to do general housework in country;
wares $12. Pacific Employment Office. b35
II ark t st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes any kind
of work by the day; $1 and carfare. Call for
3 days 416 Sixth at.
YOUNG married woman wishes housework
and cooking in exchange for room and board
for hersrit' un.l husband. Box 31. Cull.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes asltua.-
tlon in small family: general housework. 235
Stevenson bt., bet. Third and Fourth.
RESPECTABLE la'iy wants to take charge of
a small rooming house In exchange for rent
free. Address box S6, Call office.
EXPERIENCED coli:rr-d nurse desires position
in the city. 529 Geary st.
A FEW engagements in fainililes to do sewlne,
$1 per day; work guaranteed. 417 Mason st.,
room S.
DHWSMAKRIi v - ■ '- ' ", '■)
ler day through dull season. The Salisbury,
ro» m B, Elyde and Eddy : ; ts.
WANTED -Position as houFekeeper 'or hotjl,
rooming house v private family; would ac-
cept a place as governess; best of references.
Box 20C, fall office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged lady to do
general housework; small wa^ns. but good
home. Call or address 641 Natoma st.
STENOGRAPHER wtshes position at small
ralary; principal object experience. Address
410 Jones st.
LADY wishes gentlemen's and ladles' under-
wear to wash and mend. Call 1022 Mission
Ft., down stairs.
NEAT, respoctabln young girl to do light house-
work: one who is willing to slocp hum' 1 : Ma-
rion; be?t of references. Address 2 days, box
77, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do general
housework and plain cooking In a small fam-
ily. Call or address 30 Coso aye., between
Mission St and California aye.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In families to sew,
T.'ic per day. 121 Shotwell st.. near Sixteenth.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes situa-
tion housework or by the day; good cook;
references. Address A., 1226 Pine Ft.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by day or
week; laundry work preferred. 403 Grove st.
YOUNG woman wants position for light
i housework; assist cooking; 2or 3 In family;
i or would work for widower; good sewer;
j references; $10 to $12: no postaJs. Sl2 Page st.
DRESSMAKER, perfect cv-ter ~ami fltterj
would like to get few more engagements by
the day at $1 25, or will take work home from
$.'! a suit up; perfect satisfaction given. Ad-
dress 223 Franklin st.
| RELIABLE young German, with good mercan-
I tile experience, wishes situation; no salary
desired as yet, but a position for getting a
Kood English mercantile education. S., box
243, Call office.
WOMAN will work for 60c day; sew, sweep,
assist at any kind of work; San Rafael,
across the bay or city. Box 103, Call office-
THE SAN" FHAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1893.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— Con tinned.
2 YOUNG ladles would like situations as cham-
bermaids In city or country hotel; references.
Call 323 Taylor St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced Infant's
nurse, or care of Email children, with up-
stairs work; city preferred; references. Box
r>:>7. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; laundress or
housecleanlng. Apply 387 Hayes Ft.
QUIET, refined young lady wishes situation
assisting elderly or invalid lady or to do up-
stairs work. Please address MISS PETER-
SON, 71S Myrtle St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted by American widow as
lady's companion; no objection to leaving
the city; references exchanged. Box 236. Call.
WIDOW with 2 children wishes a situation in
small family; wages no object if only good
home. 4427 Twenty-third Bt.
WANTED, by an American woman, chamber
or plain laundry work in a hotel. Address
910 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl, strong and willing, desires a situ-
ation to do housework; wages $10 to $12. In-
quire at Sl9 Diamond st.
GERMAN girl washes to do general house-
work or upstairs work. 2102 Larkin st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper;
good cook: city or country. MRS. STURM,
147 Powell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Hureau; b;st help
promptly, li' 2 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414Mt O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
ADVERTISER, 30, wants work any kind; 10
years' English experience in grocery, etc.;
wages £o. Box 52, Call office.
BAKERS— Good bread and cake baker requires
situation. Apply 655 Harrison st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place; willing to make himself generally use-
ful; understands care and driving horses; can
milk and do garden work. A. P.. box 7ti, Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife on ranch,
private place or other work; man handy with
tools. Box 81, Call office.
WANTED— A position by a licensed engineer
and machinist; 20 years' references. Box Sti,
Call office.
WANTED, by a strong sober man, about 50,
to work about a private place for a home
and wages enough to clothe him. Box 01, Call.
YOUNG energetic man wants a position; 12
years' experience In oflU-e and mercantile
business; references Al. Box 50, Call.
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
of delivery wagon or willing to do anything
else; good references; give bonds if required.
S. A., box 747. Call office.
HOUSC window and floor cleaning. Citizens'
Co., 204 ' j Eddy st.
WANTED— Position by a young man at any
kind of work; is I. O. O. F. ; strong and will-
ing and not afraid to work. Address box 90,
Call office.
WANTED— Work by painter, single man; con-
tract or day work; no objection to country;
prices very reasonable. Address G., box 12,
(.'all office, Oakland.
CARPENTER •!> sires a position In a merchan-
dise .or business of any kind as porter; mid-
dle-aged. Address A. G. DAHMER. Jlo Minna.
MARRIED man of 37, corresponds English.
German and French, 20 years In first-class
Eastern house, wants employment In first-
class commercial house; best reference. Ad-
dress C. 11.. box 7S, Call.
SITUATION wanted, German young man, In
private family; understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and general work
around the place; country; willing and oblig-
ing. Address box 104, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesman wishes situation; '
city or country; If In country can handle all
lines of goods with equal success; am strictly
business and A No.l. Address box fC6. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man to
care for horses; can drive and do general
work about place. Address G., box 561, Call. !
ENGINEER wants position runnlns engine and
do town firing; reasonable wages. 323 Harri-
son St.
RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
would like i'osition in retail or wholesale
house, where there Is a c-hnnce for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box bSB,
Call.
WANTED — By a strong young man, work of
any kind in a. store, warehouse or wholesale
house; gixid reference!). G. L.. fil'JH Florida.
SITUATION warned by first-class cheese-
maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. Box
237, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE! and educated married man
wants to take charge of a gentleman's pri-
vate place; country preferred; or position In
city as janitor; business references. . Address
J. P.. box «4. Call .Mic.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to tl 50 night; $1 o0 to
$C week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus ar.d baggnge to and from ferry.
219 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call,
riptions and adn taken.
HELP WAHTED-PE MAI, E^
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20; waitresses,
different country hotels, 120; girl tor house-
work, ranch, Marin County, $lfi; housework
fclrle, country. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
TWO waitresses, same hotel, country, $20 each;
nurse, $25; 2 second jrirls, t'M and $25; L 6
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 10 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutler St.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and
|20; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
OFFICE clerks, salesladies, cashiers, bookkeep-
ers, housekeepers, shop and store help find
laying positions at M 3 Bush st.
25 GIRLS for hotels, restaurants and private
famllie?, at once. 3..". Hush si.
TO-DAY, Sunday, 2 restaurant waitresses, city.
PAC. EMPLOYMENT CO., US Market at.
YOUNG woman to do housework; sleep home.
263 Powell Ft.
WANTED- All-around shoe fitters. ROSEN-
THAL, FEDER iv CO., CM Market st.
WANTED— Good ironer to wash and Iron
Wednesday of each week; $1 25 per day. 19
Corbfctt aye.
GIRL between 17 and 20 years for light house-
work; no objection to country- for 2 months.
Apply at lii.'Vi Broadway, between 1 and 2,
Monday.
WANTED— cirls to paste samples. E. H.
LEVY, £13 Market st.
NEAT colored girl to do :.ome mending; good
pay. v\ddresa box 88, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on flannel over-
Fhirts at the Standard Shirt Factory, Gough
and Gear/ sts.
WILL give a good home to Home respectable
and intelligent young girl between 14 and li?
years of age; orphan preferred; references
given and required. MRS. C. KNUTSON,
Campbell, Cal.
WANTED— 28 to 35 years old for com-
panion and light duties; good home; small
wages; 2 in family; middle-aged people; coun-
try; Santa Clara County, near San Jose. Box
CSO, San Jose.
EXPERIENCED operator on flags. MAJOR
CON WAY, -i; Flood building.
WANTED— Lady compositor. Apply room 114,
Murphy building, Monday morning.
WANTED— An experienced *lrl to assist In
general housework. Call Monday, 1111 Post.
GIRL for counter work In bakery: will
have to wait at table. Monday, 9 a. m., 612
Kearny st.
ELDERLY woman or young girl wanted for
light housework; good home; small salary.
Apply < 33 Castro st.
WANTED— lroners for ladles' and children's
wear. Apply at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth st., near Valencia, 8 to 10 a. m. %
BUSHELWOMAN, competent, on cent's and
ladies' clothing. Emporium Innovatory, 1 10s
Eddy st. , • . i:
GIRL 14 to 16 to assist with light housework;
small wages. 2502 Twenty-fourth st. ■ ■
YOUNG girl for housework, must sleep home,
$10. 331 Shotwell St. .... "
WAIST hand and good suit saleslady at Black
Goods House, 1106 Market st. ■>-;., -it >
WANTED— Young lady as assistant in bath
parlors. 80x. 71, Call office/ :
DRESSMAKING and millinery thoroughly
taught by the only system receiving gold
medals In Europe and America; cash or week-
ly payments; patterns cut to fit, 2f>c up; send
for circular. McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School, 103 Post st. /
.WANTED— ' general housework; adults;
sleep home. 221S Webster Bt. : ... . ..
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman as , cook; j good
home; steady place. - 202 Ninth st. • -.. ... •
FIRST-CLASS sewers ; for I cording and I finish-
ing ladles' skirts. H. FRIEDLANDER, 333
■ Fell st. /. ... t--.v.>- . -. ' ..>..-
LEAK.N dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: pntt»rns 2Sc up. McDowell's. 10.1 Post.
LAWRENCE Drexßcuttlns ; School. 1079 Market
it. ; perfect flt: : no try Intr on: trial free. .■.-.-, ■
WANTED— GirIs and " ladies Ito learn "Rood'«
: magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good, pay. ' ; 207 Taylor.
615 LARKIN . ST.— Branch ■ office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wan ft( jg taken. •
. "'.-. ..--■'" • ■■■'■;:';:''■•':*"'.■■'/■ ' ' ' '
HELP WAMED-MALK.
A— MURRAY & READY
Want Monday, July 11
876 railroad men $1 75 a day
teamsters $1 75 a day
laborers $1 75 a day
30 men to cut brush, etc., $30 and found
125 laborers, around mines, from $2 50 a day
52 50 a day $2 50 a day
26 farm hands... $26, $25 and $20
3 choremen for ranches.. s2o and $15 and found
6 teamsters, city $1 75 a. day
26 laborers, city $1 75 a day
126 woodchoppers $1 50, $1 cord
95 tlemakers 8 to 15c each
farmer and wife
4 milkers $25 and $20 and found
stableman, city
FREE FARE
26 laborers around a building, $26 and found;
6 laborers, brickyard company, 51 75 a day.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A LAUNDRY HELP
6 ironers $2 a day. $30 and found
3 washers and starchers $35 and found
Marker and distributor $2 a day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— l 2 COKS $86, $45, $36, $30 and found
9 waiters $30, $25. $20 and found
1 pantryman $25 and found
1 porter $20 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Ctey st.
A— BAKERS
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, ?45 and
found
Boy around bakery $20 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 630 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, $50 and increase. MURRAY &
READY, £34 and 6L>6 Clay St.
A— GANG EDGERMAN, sawmill company....
$40 and found
Spool tender, donkey engine $2 a day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY ................................ SUNDAY
Office open 7 to 9 a. m
For the accommodation of those who came to
late to get tickets for Skaguay; steamer palls
this morning; reduced fares. C ill between
7 and & a. m. c. U. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary Bt
FOR MONDAY
100 teamrters, north fr-^e farj
40 teemsters. Valley road iree fjre
20 four-horse teamsters, south free fare
1"> pick and shovelers, $1 75 a day, boar f $4 ,:),
free fare
10 irtn to make basalt blocks, 2c a bkek,
Btendy work, see boss here
8 miners, $2 50 a day
40 laborers to w..rk around a lar^fe mine the
>enr round at wages from $1 «0 t) $2 50 ;l
day, reduced rail fares to the Job |
Head logger, $0o and board; 4 buckers and
barkers, W5 and found; gang edgerman. $2 25 j
a day; woo, (choppers, tiemakers, bolt-muk
ers and shingle mill hands
IS farmers, $1 a day and board end 75c a day
and toard; gardener, hotel, J2O aiU found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO, 104 Geary st.
REAI waiter, with experience, for a country
hotel, $50 and found; 5 country hotel waiters,
$25. c. v. HANSEN & CO, 104 Geary st.
BROILER, hotel. };.C: butcher, $40; second cook
for springs, $40; pantryman, make salads, $35;
night cook, $10 a week. C. 11. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundryman for surveying party,
plain hand work for 10 people, $30 and found;
10 laborers for brickyard, fare paid, $25 and
board; dumper, $30 and board: strong Ger-
man to do Chores about resort, $2o and found;
farmers and ranch teamsters, $25; milker, $30, !
and others; stableman for ranch near city, $25
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED — 4 carpenters *ith tools fcr wharf
building, $3 day, to go to-day; call between
10 and 11 o'clock. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62s Sacramento St.
TO-DAY, Sunday, first and second cook, city.
PAC. EMPLOYMENT Co., 835 Market st.
WANTED B0 boys between the ages of 10 and
13 years to sing In vested choir; in addition
to best musical instruction, small salary will ;
be paid. Call at Church of the Advent, i
Eleventh St., near Market, on Monday bet. 2
and 4 p. m.
PANTS presser, Monday morning. Royal $4
Pants Co., 223 Kearny st.. J. PINCUS, Mgr.
WANTED A mlddle-:iged man, German pre-
ferred, for licri;t work around the house; In
Mill Valley; small wages; good home. In-
quire St. Nicholas Pharmacy, Hayes and
Market us. ,*
WANTED -Tinsmith and boy with some expe-
rience in plumbing. Apply al 4'j Sacramento.
3 ';<><>l> waiters wanted for restaurant. 112
Fourth st.
WANTED .Young bookkeeper and typewriter.
Apply Hard Ing's Collection Office, 26 Mont-
gomery st., July 10.
S8 POSITIONS open to-day; see our list. 313
Bush st.
i OFFICE managers, stenographers, bookkeepers,
! traveling salesmen, clerks, etc., should inves- I
t irate the facilities of this Exchange. 313
Bush st.
IF you want to be assisted in a paying posi-
tion see our dally list. 313 Bush.
BOY wanted for Gordon presses. BENT &
MEYERDERKS, 40 California st.
WA.VT!::> Distributer :it United States Laun-
dry. Sixteenth st., near Valencia. Apply 8 to
10 o'clock a. m.
WANTED— Several first-class cabinet makers j
and floor layers. Apply t"t. 11 and 12 a. m. j
to-day (Sunday), at new building, l> Sutter st. j
WANTED— 4 good solicitors; also i experienced
solicitor to take charge of agents; salary and
commission. Call at once, 1232 Broadway,
Oakland.
FIVE salesmen to sell to retail merchants: po-
sitions worth $50 weekly and expenses. East-
ern Mfg. Co., Manhattan bldg, Chicago.
WANTED A steady young man: assistant
bookkeeper and help around general merchan-
dise store: one familiar with lumber pre-
ferred. Address box 91, Call office.
WANTED 2 tinsmiths. Apply GEORGE H.
tay CO., 616 Battery st,
WANTED— A wood carver. Apply at 575 Mis-
sion St., between 10 and 11 o'cl ick, Monday.
WANTED— Cook for restaurant; short order
and Bpanl&n cooking, Address G. Ramos,
Jamestown, Cal.
BRIGHT, energetic solicitors; Alameda and
other counties; permanent; profitable. 1155
Mission st.
MEN - to learn barber trade In S weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 13SVJ Eighth st.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co..
room 515, 32S Montgomery St.
SHOEMAKERS— Cutter and lastfr. EVANS,
NORTON & CO., Napa. Apply 312 Clay st.
10 YOUNG men for nice cruise; good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S, 2G Steuart st.
SAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S.
f,Ol Davis st., near. Jackson. ;;. . r . ■.;
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED-»At Montana House. 764-;. Mission,
men to take rooms: lOC, 15c and 25c per
night; COc, 9Cc and $1 per week. ' '
MEN'S tine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 33c; only one price. 953 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, tine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employ m't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Orant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and lie night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth ana Howard sts.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 41 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
339 HAVES ST.— I (ranch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ *
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A live partner with a practical
knowledge of Tpets, rugs, draperies, etc.,
to go In the renovating business; a new
process now in use in the East; capital neces-
sary, $500; references required. . Address
KLEANIT. box 7452. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 sunny rooms for light housekeeping-;
have dishes, stove and utensils. Box 96, Call.
ONE or 2 unfurnished rooms and yard; cheap.
Address MRS. LEI LI 221 Fifth st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture • and general mer-
chandise.' 1057 . Market St.; tel. Jessie 32.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
"WANTED- Furnished house or cottage in Mill
Valley for the month of August. Address,
stating terms and full particulars, to A. L., <
box 303. Call office. '« ■-.: :'-:: '- : ■-,'■■. -
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Hoard and lodging for family of 2
adults and child at some point outside of city,
within reasonable distance thereof. Send
terms and references to box S9, Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes sunny front room
■ and board; $16 per month. Box 101. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
3 SHETLAND pony colts Just weaned; must be
cheap and small. G. H. CRQ LEY. 417 Sacra-
mento et.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Men and women in every town to
work for us at their homes
NO CANVASSING.
We will send you work Immediately. TVo
have several lines of work to givs out, some
of which requires no experience whatever. If
you can't devote the whole day to our. work
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two of an evening. Enclose stamp,
we will send you full Instructions free of
charge. Standard Art Manufacturing Com-
pany, 51 Standard building, 142 West Twenty-
third St., New York.
"HAWAII, Our New Possessions," a sumptu-
ous, new, fascinating story of Hawaii as
it has been and as it is to-day; beauti-
fully illustrated with over 100 half-tone plates.
Write for terms and territory, E. D. BRON-
SON & CO., 933 Market st.
SALESMEN— S first-class salesmen to sell to
best retail merchants; positions worth $50 per
week and expenses. Address Eastern Manu-
facturing Co., Manhattan building, Chicago.
WANTED — A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nlty for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard St.
LADY In every town to take orders for horo-
scopes. "Astro," 724U Market St., room 18.
WANTED— Several rustlers. 16 California St.,
basement.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE of 12 rooms; centrally located. Box
79, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stein way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A — A— A — WE are selling pianos at cash prices
on monthly payments of $3 to $10; see our
elegant bargains; beautiful scarf and stool
with every piano: $10 worth of music, 5 tun-
ings and 10 lessons by competent teacher free
with every new piano; prices lowest in S. F. ;
try us. BRUENN, 204-20S Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling. $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and
August; investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ <& SON, Chickering agents, 16-IS-20
O'Farrell st.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St..
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310, 312 Post st.
THE best chance of the season; a fine stand-
ard make upright $100; elegant condition. J.
DEWING CO.. 2d floor Flood • building.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIB
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1351 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
A FINE upright, nearly new; must sell. Call
to-day, room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye.
AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
erful tone: cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 32» Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAlllatei
St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 T ntham placd.
HORSES.
WANTED— Strong young buggy horse; about
lino pounds; good traveler. J. SMITH, box
82, Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Sorrel team: young, sound and
gentle. NOLAN & BLOOMER, 1212 Golden
Gate aye.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons', buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
.. i i- "■ m ' ■
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW barge cheap, 12x52, 5 feet deep: on beach
at Sixteenth and Kentucky Hts. Apply steam-
er Queen of the Yukon, Folsom-st. wharf.
ST. BERNARD and fox terrier pup*: champion
pedigree. St. George Kennels, 120 Douglass St.,
near Seventeenth.
ST. BERNARD pups; thoroughbred; cheap.
Irvington Kennels, Alameda County, Cal.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, Id-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
AN ark anchored at Alameda boathouse. Chest-
nut St., Alameda. In good condition; will ac-
commodate eight persons; sealed tenders re-
ceived to June 30. JOHN ELDER, Alameda.
FINE Brewster coupe for sale at Monarch Sta-
ble, 332 Bush St.
$125— CHICKERING piano; good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, ISO 2 Seventh St., Oakland.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
11x17. 2.V: 16x20. 30c: ISx22, 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c: rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones,s47 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred • -tare for type-
writer or tandem^ Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st. ~_
GAS fixtures very low; larre assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap.- at 621 Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
ORAPHOPHONEB, $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Frojectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
St., pawn office.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS; show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
. bought nnd sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
DENTISTS.
A, FULL set of teeth, $5: - see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, B0e; crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. lit :
no charge for ' extracting ■• when plates are
made: ■ H ■ plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE a. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer or painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Par'.ors: full set
of teeth. $3 up; fillings, 2."c up: all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. - '
SET of teeth ' without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections.' G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. -. ■--..-•-
ALL private law cases, lnpolvency. collections,"
free advice: open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE ■- free on all legal matters. . T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. ' room 64. v v>'
. STORAGE. [«g£
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage < and ■ Moving I Co. ;
office, Tenth and Market . telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel: Mint 1821.
...... ......
PERSONALS.
BRIDGET COX, from Montreal 20 years ago,
can hear from her sister by addressing S. E.
L.. box 16, Lorln, Cal. _________
UNMARRIED ladfes and gentlemen, get ac-
quainted for mutual amusement; ■ write in-
closing membership fee, 10c. Oakland Corre-
spondence Club, box 11, 903 Broadway.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine," Is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms. 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building. 1236 Market St. ■ r
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for latest matrimonial paper.
_ Address "Wedding Bell," ill Ellis St., S. F.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
HAIR which Is oily is generally healthy; 25c
is all I charge for up-to-date hairdressing;
good switches $1; best finest quality $3 50;
extra heavy long $5; open Sundays 9 to 12.
' G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
KEISTER'S Ladles' Tailoring and Dressmak-
ing- College offers special inducements this
week; patterns free Monday. 118 McAllister.
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf, S. F., Is now in business
at rm. 11, Macdonough building, Oakland.
LADIES— My Monthly Regulator never falls;
box free. Mrs. B. Rowan, Milwaukee, Wls.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night- «1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order •on easy Instalments. L.
I MOS. 1117 Market St.. bet Tth and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 938 Market st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday, 3 p.
m. . 305 Larkln; readings at res., 353 Geary st.
„ ______________
CLAIRVOYANTS7~~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
. clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
Eddy St.—
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of life,
love, business, marriage, divorce, etc., unites
separated.' causes speedy marriages, removes
domestic trouble, etc. ; full names, dates,
facts, in all cases; fee, $1 and $2; satisfaction
guaranteed or no fee accepted.
A — IF you want a lot of Information the best
clairvoyant and palmist in God's creation is
Mrs. Baylor; reads ore, etc.; full names;
ladies, 25c; gents, 50c; mail, $1. 1819 Market
St., near Eleventh.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vcndome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
GYPSY life reader, 3 Seventh st. ; correct an-
swers to all questions; gents, 50c; ladies, 25c.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. WALTERS, the great card-reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission st., near Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell Ist.
( MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
: MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
; band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
[ fession: never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
I YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. ■
SPIRIT! AI, ISM.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me- i
| dlum. US Halg-ht st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test nnd business medium;
sittings daily. 212-.. Sixth Ft. |
MRS. ELI-IP, medium, 233 Valencia ft. ; read- j
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8: 2"c.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
neyg medium. 232 Stockton st.
LOST.
SATURDAY afternoon, about 2 o'clock, cor- i
ncr Broadwny and Kearny ets., purse con-
talning $35 and 5 bath tickets; contents to :
pay for 2 children in Orphan Asylum. MR. i
DOEBERT, 736 Union st. ; reward.
LOST— Last Sunday. July 3. pair wagon whif-
fletrees around Geary and L-irkln sts. Plea.«e I
return to grocery' store. Larkin and O'Farrell ;
sts., and receive reward. >
LOST— On Tiburon boat. 5:10 p. m. trip, ,
Wednesday, July 6, one small brown satchel. 1
Finder will please return to 409 Market st. !
and receive reward.
LOST— July 5. set of plans: W. H. Llllie, archi-
tect. Return to 318 Bush st., between 12 and
1 p. m. and receive reward.
LOST— On the 2d of July, a black water span- I
lei d"g; curly hair. Please return to 1120 Lorn- •
bard st., and receive t;> reward.
LOST — Notice book containing business cards j
nnd references. Return to 585 Valencia st.
Reward.
FOX terrier, answers to name Topsy; cut on |
one fore leg; reward. Glen Park aye. & B )nd. ;
LOST— Gent's gold watchchaln. Return to 622
Stevenson st.
_____ — — , 1
LOST— A gold watch and chain, bearing Initials
T R. Finder please return to MISS F..
RICHTER. 1327 Seventh aye.. East Oakland,
or SI2B Filbert st., San Francisco, and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the I
name of CATHERINE NOLAN. No. 111.301
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, homo,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.: pills, $1: very strong. $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when othe.rs have failed: no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, $".; pills. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all ;emale diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. 8. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fall;
every' woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules, $1: cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: lafe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ah
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free: hours 10 to
5, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Sejruro; prlct
$1 50: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.- send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturlng Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
A l/ PEAL" S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no dang-er: safe cure' $2 50-
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home In confine"
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister st.; diseases of
__^2___ n _q.nd chHdren.
typewriters!
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; Rend for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomry.
NEW Hammond, $35: callgrarh, $25: BUok,
$22 50; got samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
physicians!
D ?V,v, C ; C - °' D °NNELL, office ajnd~resldence7
«06 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _____
$400^BRANCH"Takery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market st.; 4 living rooms; no op-
position; present owner there six years; ao-
ing well; must be sold at once; party goin«
East; great bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
WANTED— l'arty with $175 to take an Interest
in a sure paying enterprise; $200 Profits per
month. Call at M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$800— DAY saloon; near large business house*;
doing good business; fine fixtures; best bar-
gain in the city. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$1100— DAY saloon and lunchhouse: best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments; must De
sold; owner retiring. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$500— SALOON, with 5 living rooms, including
furniture; large stock: fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS, 755 Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT; excellent location: do-
ing a good business; rent only $20; good bar-
gain; see it to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$175— PARTNER wanted in paying restaurant,
north of Market; an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st. ______
A— s2ooo; HOME bakery and coffee parlor; $40
daily; never changed hands. KREDO & CO.
NICEST, coziest little delicacy store In city:
daily receipts $25; make offer. Kit EDO & CO.
$1000— Manufacturing extracts, perfumes and
toilet goods: established 4 years; agents now
appointed over entire coast. KREDO & CO.
BAKERY, 30 miles from S. F., 2000 popu-
lation; prosperous business. KREDO & CO.
$300— CANDY and Ice cream parlors; living
rooms; $S dally. KREDO & CO., 22& Geary.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT, $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO.. 22'_ Geary st.
SALOON north of Market St., adjoining 2
theaters; worth double this amount; must be
sold on account of the serious illness pro-
prietor. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Keamy st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In a paying legitimate-
business; will pay to each over $5 daily. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant tor sale In Oak-
land; owner has had the place S years; loca-
tion is the best in the city: on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month:
this Is a rare chance; proprietor is going to
Europe. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$600— CORNER grocery and bar in the very
choicest business location; connected with o
living rooms and doing a rushing cash busi- \
ness, must be sold at once; sickness cause-
for it; investigate and make your otter. Call
WILKE. 845 Market st.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrifice^
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe immediately: trial given. ±1.
J. , box 10, Call office. Oakland. '
BUSINESS chances; ranches to exchange; lodg-
ing-houses from $400 to $5000; hotels for sale,
exchange or rent; 1000 rooms to rent; money
to loan. C. H. TAYLOR & CO., 1023 Market.
RARE BARGAIN!— The largest stock of
paints, oils, wall paper, etc., In Alameda
for sale at a great sacrifice; best location in
city; low rent. Address box 74, Call office.
FOR Sale— Well-established drug store, cen-
trally located: good family and transient
trade; must sell on account of ill health.
Particulars apply to box 94, Call office.
SALOON for sale; the old established stand of
HERRMANN ROHR, at the depot. Gllroy,
Cal.; owner wishes to retire. Address H.
ROHR, Gllroy, Cal.
$1200— P ARTN ER wanted to connect grocery
with liquor store; good location: German pre-
ferred, who understands groceries. Box 42.
Call office. .
WANTED— Partner for undertaking business;
first-class business opportunity for Protestant
gent; experience not necessary. Box 72. Call.
CORNER grocery and liquor store and a cor-
ner lot to exchange for a cottage; will pay
cash difference. Apply Call office. .
PARTNER to manufacture machine for
cooling purposes: 50 per cent cheaper than ice.
G. C. TERRY. 530 Pacific St.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store; good
trade; fine location. Twenty-second and
Brush sts., Oakland.
A— SANITARIUM; clears $200 per month: own-
ers must leave the city. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
1 $150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, sit-
uated in best market in city. BASILE. 873V4
Market st.
WILL build a controllable airship on contract;
no risk in this. DR. RUEFF. 620 Laguna Ft.
FOR sale, exchange or rent: good country ho-
tel complete. Hotel, box 99. Call office.
HORSE and wagon with laundry route; tfheap.
19 Scott place, off Pacific and Mason st?.
FRUIT store, horse, wagon for sale cheap.
Apply Pacific and Jones sts.: a bargain.
$600— PARTNER wanted family liquor store;
good location. Box 100. Call office.
$350— MERCANTILE business; fine future.
Address box 92, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a small laundry route. Box
102. Call office.
PARTNER in a pleasant business to
travel in foreign countries with Edison's in-
ventions; no previous experience necessary;
can make $50C0 a year. Call after 11 a. m.,
17 Grant aye., room 12.
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business: Indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given: $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
i , __
| FOR SALE— In best country town, cheap, with
I first-class private and store trade; good rea-
I sons for selling: two wagons: low rent. For
I particulars address Bakery, box 74. Call office.
PROSPERING fruit store, 290 Third aye., Rlch-
mond; good reason given for selling.
GOOD saloon for sale, with 3 living
rooms; rent $18. . Inquire Call office.
EXTRA chance for a good horseshoer and gen-
eral blacksmith on a corner where the owner
[ has 4 horses and wagons himself and more
than half the rent Is taken in work. Call
on CHARLES ALPERS 706 Ivy aye.
YOU can buy saloons for $400 and lose all your
money; if you want a good living In a dainty
well-located saloon for $SOO see FRANK. 12S
OFarrell st.
I GOOD opportunity for experienced party; pay-
t Ing saloon: IS rooms; known as Broad-gauge
Hotel. Apply to G. SHEARER, San Rafael.
FOR sale— Barber shop: 1 chair; 1707 Market
st., neAr Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
FOR sal<'— Old-established grocery. Inquire 253
! First st., corner Clementina.
FOR SAI-E— well stocked grocery and bar:
old established business; run by owner 8
years; rt'nt cheap. Apply Call Office.
$250— SALOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
FOR sale— * old-established groceries and bars;
price $1250- Box 201. Call Office.
SOBER stcC'ly plumber and tinsmith can take
Jong-used *hop In center of town St. Helena;
German p^-f erred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Call-
fornia, for *ale: chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker^ Address BENT. 40 California st.
LONG estal>l!- 8l corner saloon: must be sold;
cheap if at 'ice. Box 1256, Call office.
FOR sale— route r.t San Jose. For par-
ticulars appl' at Call business office.
COFFEE nri'l Na routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWBI^A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSfeS FOR SALE.
A— ROOMS; 'V>t $30; Golden Gate ave. s 300
60 rooms; fine c rner ..• 750'
32 rooms; clear!* «2CO monthly 2500
10 roOms; sunnj ]t 'orner; payments 150
44 rooms; fine f-.. transients; part cash.. 1600
25 rooms; near I ft ldwln: cheap ........ 600
25 roof 'vn/.t; best in ity 1500
18 rooflia; sunny 'rner; a snap 650
11 roofs: Van N ;s avi 273
r.2 roorls; rent J- ' come quick............. 1500
! 36 roort>s; good ; '' isient house 1500
j 22 room*; new: nl'n 1 ' r, Tivoll 950
22 room!': no' $70 •• 550
46 roomf. Mark t '3s; clears $200; cheap.. ....
ROGER**-* liv;' 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Rogers; formerly .1' k for H. C. Decker.)
60- ROOM German !v'»i }n r «)
. -,0-room • corner hot* 1 clears $300.... 1400
26-rooms; rent '"•'',', entral 650
19 rms.; toariling i^.H 10 rms.: fine cor... 3"0
15 rms.: corner... '.";' 15 rms.: on 4th St.. 250
H. C. .DECK M" Market St.. opp.. Fifth.
26- ROOM corner hous<*: best in the city; worth
$1800; price $300. DECKER. 1020 Market st. '
A- KREDO Hr. CO. — ■ 22V& Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms; best $4(560 '3 rms; clears $50...5550
48 rms; Geary 2000 llrm«; good.. 400
25 rms; Post 1550 * rms ; Leavenw'th 275
20 rms; very best 16001 Si rms; Jones. 45a
14 rms; Eddy 850! And many others
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
CORNER house; fine location; new furniture-
IS rooms: all rented: bar m- owner leaving
town. Address box 555, Call Office. leavln *
BEST 12-room transient house exchange for
small flat; cash difference. KREDO & CO.
$300— LODGING house of SO furnished rooms-
J " *
!| FURNITURE FOII SALE.
F^NITURE of 66 J T>nni e: very cheap! 198
Shipley st., corner Fifth. • - -..
COZY 4-room flat and bath. all furnished com-
_ plete, l or sale; Ell oak. Apply 317 Sutter st.
S '°o f ol £ mah °sany furniture - 1 or ; salt at
1317 Sanchez at. vCITY HEAL ESTATE.
{ G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
KaaJ Estate Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
$f'oo each— Terms very easy; lota 25x125 each"
In the Mission .arm belt; Twehtleth and Hart-
loru bi^.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2250— Renta ilii per annum; 2 cottages of 4
rooms each; large lot, tk)xl22:6; near Valencia
bj.J Mission st. cars.
I TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2700— 2-story house Of » rooms and rear house;
r.'iciiic st.
WESTERN ADDITION COZY COTTAGE.
$23w— I ost &t.; nice location; easy terms; nice,
o»v:y bay-Window cottage of 5 rooms an I bath;
brick foundation^ etc; stone sidewalks; street
accepted.
A CHEAP RESIDENCE IN THE MISSION.
$u(li o—Only0 — Only half a block from Mission-st. elec-
tric care; a nice 2-fatory '. -window residence
or . rooms; brick foundation, etc.; -i>xlW.
VERY CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$330U— A very nice location; Stelner Bt. ; sub-
stantial 2-story bay-window houso ol T looms
and bath; ttune walks, brick foundation, etc.;
Btreet, accepted.
PACIFIC-ST. CORNER BUSINESS LOCA-
TION.
J4300 — double house of 6 and 5 rooms and
bath each; stores can be put underneath; high
cellar; present renta $36; 4sX6O; both streets ac-
cepted.
STEINER ST TWO FLATS.
$.'3OO— A bargain; 2 t-U-giiiit nearly new flats;
high basement could be converted Into a third
flat at very little expense' rents $47 00, which
could be increased to $70; 27:4x106:3.
A GOOD LOT FOR SIX FLATS.
- $5800— Broderick st.; a finely situated sunny
* Jot, oi:4'/2Xlvi/.
A GOOD MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$6000 Con mi Church .-:., - stores and flat;
rents $57 i er month, and lot olxSO; a good busi-
ness location.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$7000— 2-s-mry and basement residence of 8
rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; 25x132:7'«.
MUST BE THREE MODERN FLATS.
$7000 — 3 nice flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms, bath,
laundry, etc. eactn rents $?oU per annum; 25x
87:6; Post St.; nj reasonable offer refused.
DOWN-TOWN RESIDENCE.
— O'Farrell st.; close In town; nice bay-
window residence of 12 rooms and bath; rents
$60; 25x137:6.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CORNER.
$18,000 — To closa an estate; 3-story building;
store aiM concrete basement and 2 upper floors,
end 2 2-story and basement bay-window houses;
lot f.6:3x72; coiner on 2 prominent streets north
of Market St.
WATER-FRONT CORNER.
$32,500— T" close an estate; corner on Drumm
• • Market; 10x75, with an L 25x25:7; old
::.ents.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
orde." which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. 11 UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
A MAN WITH A FAMILY
IS HANDICAPPED
In this daily life struggle If he is without a
home of hia own. Should the time ever come
when he finds himself out .of work or sick,
there is a great satisfaction* In knowing that
he ha Iter himself and family.
Ac it is the way of the wjec man to lay aside
and p..in .. the morrow, be likewise
wise yourselves, rent payers, and prepare to
own your own homes. L>>r>k us up and let us
show j v how over 100 thrifty families in the
Hi \ man Tract have secured cozy homes by
merely raying us their usual rent money and
fettl'ig in exchange something worth having,
nstead of a bundle of rent receipts. The
H»yman Tract and its homes ran be seen by
taklnK M ra and transferring at
Twenty-second tt, to Hoffman aye.. or Castro-
st. cars to Twenty-third rt., wh-xe Mr. James
Cotter will show you around. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery Bt., will give full par-
ticulars.
$13:») FOR a 4-room and bath cottage, Just fin-
ished, including lot; street gradtd and sew-
ered; only }l" monthly: close to car line.
Jacob HEYMAN, li Montgomery st.
RICHMOND lots— 3 fine level building lots on
Ninth avc. and California s-t.: 2'xlllO each;
$10 monthly; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomrey ?t.
1 BLOCK, of level land, as a whole or in lots;
1 block from electric road; suitable for
chicken ranch or dairy; at a t.arifain; $10
•.illy. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montg niery.
$100 — LOTS in Sunset District, Golden Gate
Part othly payments. JACOB HEY-
MAX. !1 '
Ji'HN' PFORB, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
la Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
rly 111,000— Ninth St., near Mis-
Id; only MOM rash wanted.
led ball of lot 125x105 feet,
. with improvements, on a business
J. II use and lot 15x80
■ be sold.
Rent |70; 4 fine flats;
i t 49x80.
: excellent double fiat of 7 and 7
■ ah each, in the best portion of the
:tion.
$MOO, reduced from — Rent $c; good busi-
ness corner on lay st.
54200 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$12, M0— Tnylor st., near Market; large lot;
well Improved; stores and flats.
$32,500 — Eddy st . near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25,500— A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
I well Improved; paying £ per cent; and will go
m up to $50, 000.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a Z-corner house of 42 rooms ■
end 6 baths.
$0750— Rent $C 0; 4 flats on Geary st. ; lot 28x
125.
$"><'»— Rent $47; store and 2 flats: Geary st j
|MoO— Rent $23; a double flat; 5 rooms below 1
and 6 rooms upstairs.
$30,000— Rent $260; stores and flats; never
vacant.
$14,500 will buy a McAllister-st. property; 2
stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hall
A SNAP.
$1000 rash, balance on mortgage, Will buy a
lot 25x100. with a 2-story house and stable, 3
blocks from new City Hall.
*TOR Sale by H. e7~COFFEY.
238 Montgomery at. I
Big Bargain.
$2000— Rent "$35; a short walk from Market
and Third sts.; must be Bold within a few !
days.
$6000— Close to Market, Gough and Halght
nts. ; rent $40; land worth $8000; 50x137:6; street
accepted.
Buch-Bt. residence worth $4000; two-
story. 6 rooms and bath.
$15,000— Western Addition corner; rent $125
per month; improvements first-class.
H. E. COFFEY, 233 Montgomery et.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
$1400 — Cheap . cottage, half a block from
Geary-st. cars; lot 25x120.
$3500— Fine corner near Fifth and Harrison;
Store and 2-story house; rents $35; lot 25x57:6.
$7000— Fine corner residence near Mission and
21st its.; mortgage $5000 can remain; lot 37:6x85.
$8000— Near Washington and Scott sta., lot
48x125; 2 modern fine houses 9 rooms and bath
«ach; a great sacrifice; buildings cost $11,000.
w $9000— Near Jackson and Devisadero sts.; 2
elegant new flats: rents $70.
We 1 have for sale a fine modern residence of
34 rooms: three baths: large garden and stable;
lot 60x190: commands a fine view; place cost
owner over $20,000: will sell for $15,000, or will
take in trade a suitable residence ! for ' this
equity over a JGOOO mortgage. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post et. .-'_.-.C-.'.-v
»r»500— 2 ■ . pant flats of 6 and 7 rooms; best
part of Western Addition.
$4250— House of 3 flats, Third and Harrison;
rents $40 per month.
$m>o-Hoiist» of 4 rooms and lot, near Mission
and Twenty-eighth sis.
$ir>oo— Stanyan st., near Frederick; cheapest
lot on the street: one-third cash; 25x107.
Cornc-r on Lacuna St; 137x120; will exchange
for Alameda ■■ Berkeley property. ENOLISH
& MORRIS 63C Market st. ■ . •
lEMIB,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALE.
Choice building lot on Army an'! Twenty-
st^., close to electric road.
: corner fur sture; must be sold;
lot B2 <x6O feet.
.r.6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing I and bay.
■■■•■ st.; panhandle of park.
I'L.iMing lots m.rth of parlc.
Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
■t. ; IOSxSE :
NO reasonable otter refused for the following—
sz.' Haißht st., cottage, 5 rooms, 25x93; 309
Capp St., near mh, sunny, plea suit house '8
r ? om siJ bath> «tal le. well. 3r jX i2.?:6; mortgage
;. rtreet work done on both.
V, . H. ' MM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
PRESIDIO Height* $4500; handsome house 8
rooms, newly finished: Clay st., bet. Locust
and Spruce; cheapest house in city. «Apply on
premises or 2518 Pine st. . .
r N ? W n cottage, 5 rooms, large lot; Mission cars;
$1600; will accept outside lot and $15 monthly.
Owner, 413 Kearny at.
. v MARINE view; Pacific Heights; 27 or 51x127:6;
. f^- . bargain. Box 97, Call office.
100 ACRES or more in Visitation Valley, Sin
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 546
Clay st. ■ '
NEW, modern 6-room house and corner; grand
marine view; $3600 and $4200; $500 down, bal-
ance $30 monthly; Leavenworth, nr. Lombard.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
MADISON & HUKKE, Real L'state Agents.
Established 1858. C2G Market Bt.
Must sell to close an estate— An elegant inside
property on Pine st., bet. Larkin and Polk; 25x
137:8; 2 buildings; only $56iHi asked.
$75tK> — McAllister St., near Fillmore; 2 large
Bats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
$5200— Rents $5-10; Kausch St., near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$SOO0 — Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath, lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
nan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents very
low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$7000— Rents $900 per year; Paciflc-st. corner,
near Powell; 50xGS:«.
$4500 — Bush St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary St., cor. Broderick; elegant corner store
and Huts; paying good income; lot 25x92.
-3 flats: Twenty-fin>t st., near Valencia;
rents J3J "per month; lot 22x90.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
J.iooo— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and bath; 25x114.
$U'«i— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
14000— Webster Bt., near McAllister; « rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x^4:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Comer on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 block olt
Market; S7:6xlUO; offered low; one-half purchase
can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
87:6x107:7.
60 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:0x137:6.
$3WW— Corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$200ii— Cole st.. near Waller; 25x125.
11750— Union t=t., near Webster: 26x100.
$1000— Turk St.. cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro: 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J st, ftxDQ.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe; 2nx?o.
California, near Second aye ; 25x100; $SOO.
$Soo— Valparaiso, near Filbfrt A: Mason; 23x80.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market »t.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO~
Returned from temporary offices to 613 Cali-
fornia st.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6. with house.
O'Farrell, nr. Jones; 22x68:9; rent $35: cheap.
$60vO— Washington, nr. Mason; 20x137:6, rents
$58.
$10,500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. FTanklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den aye.
JSOOO— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
$osoo— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents
$56 50.
$6250— Broadway, nr. Keamy; 20x77:6.
$5500— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$suOo— Page, nr. Pierce; 20x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$4500— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
Ul'<o— Filbert, nr. Taylor: 20x60; rent $48.
$4200— -Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flat*.
$2f -3d aye.. nr. Clement St.; 25x120; cottage.
$14i> — Valparaiso, nr. Mason: 23x(0; Improved.
$60>X>— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84 •
$17w>— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$2900— Ftelner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:8x57:8; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks. nr. 26th; 25x125.
•t . nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lota.
25xg5; 13th, nr. Stevenson: 2 lots.
25x100: Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
$600— MUST sell; 4 room cottage and S lots;
2:x123 each; on BmaiJ aye. THISTLETON,
272 Sadowa st., Ocean View.
FOR BALE— Twenty-first n.. nr. Bryant; new
T-room cottage; open to-day frt>m 2 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY. Builder, 1207 Market st.
HOUSE of 4 rooms, large barn, windmill.
: plenty of water: lot 110x114, or will leai<e. 433S
Irmy st., near Diamond.
NEW 4, 5 and 7 room homes: easy rental terms.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 046 Market st.
CORNER lot, 180x100, Mission st. Zoo Park
line; bargain. Owner, 413 Kearny st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFIT 3 LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lota near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly. !
SOL GETZ & BROTH.:h.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $S5O; officially graded: superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. TJMBBBN & CO..
David Bush, Manager Country Dept.,
14 Montgomery st.
Installments— We will sell In tracts of from
10 acres upward some of the finest fruit, vege-
table, grain, sugar beet or alfalfa land in the
State at $25 per acre and upward, situated near
Stockton, for U cash, balance in installments.
Send for descriptive circular.
jriiu— l72 acre* near Wrights Station, Panta
Cruz Co., with orchard and vineyard and good
improvements: will exchange.
For exchanee — One of the best grain and
stock ranches. 900 acres, in San Katea On.; fine
improvements; a good paying ranch; for city
property only.
For 160 acres; good timber land; near
McCloud River, Stskiyou Co. ; leas than tiie as-
■..ilue.
Hend for catalogue of bargains in lands near
• in.
NEAR MILLS COLLEGE
AND LEONA HEIGHTS.
In the beautiful suburbs of Oakland: a tract
of 1000 acres for sale; when subdivided will be
unsurpassed for surburban homes; only 3 miles
by' electric road from Oakland; rented now for
$2500 annually: price $150,000; will sell less
land If desired.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery "t., Ban Francisco, Cal.
jA— ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
! Valley. In mining district. McAFEE BROTH-
; ERS, 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
160 ACRES, near Cotton wood, Tehama Co.;
18 acres in vineyard, 8 acres In orchard: bal-
j ance hay and pasture land; well improved;
'■ price $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
$6000— FORTY acres, 18 miles from Oakland,
near town and station; level, rich land; good
for sugar beets, alfalfa, vegetables or fruit;
8 acres orchard; good house, barn, granary;
5 chicken houses, 2 horses, cow, poultry and
farm tools; this Is a money-making ranch.
OAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st.
$3 50 PER acre. 900-acre stock ranch. Sonoma
County, on county road, all well fenced and
cross fenced, abundance of water and timber;
7-room bouse and outbuildings; 14 acres vine-
yard and orchard: easy terms: big bargain.
| C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st, room 4. -
! $U'oo— lmproved ranch; Napa Co.; suitable for
stock, poultry, fruit; timbered, watered; near
railroad; terms easy. 531 California St., rm. 1.
I STOCK LANDS FOR BALE.
7200 acres. Fort Sew ard ranch, with or with-
| out 000 head of stock cattle.
2400 acres: Woodman ranch
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River. Humboldt County;
I banner stock county and lands of California:
i never falling water and wood; no droughts
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
F^B^ksTgetßSnSresf" Wrlte H - T -
AN IDEAL COUNTRY HOME
ISO acres near Banta Cruz, on main road;
modern house of 18 rooms, barns, farming
Implements, stock, etc.: an abundance of
water and timber; price $30,000, on eaay terms
EASTON, ELDKIDC.E & CO.
63S Market Bt.
PROPEHTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 ACRES of Lawndale Station; 4-room house-
barn: fine well: rich deposit loam; no adobe'
two-thirds fn fnilt. one-third In bearing ■ fine
rllmate; want house in fiakland. Berkeley or
San Francisco. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO
1000 Broadway, Oakland.
EXCHANGE house and lot In Salt Lake City
L*Uh, for prop&rty here, city or country Ad-
dreas owner. J. L. WICHT. 1223 Dolores nt
FOR exchange— Nice cozy Berkeley home; con-
ventertt to cars^ Berkeley, box 98. Call office.
SOUTHERN California and Eastern property to
exchange; want furniture. 700 Eddy Kt.
SaWnfG MACHIXES."
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing Kuaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
52 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
! CHINATOWN Business Property.
Pays Big Interest.
i $2S, POO— Rent $330; extra large lot on Wash-
ington at., covered with improvements; a mort-
gage of $14,000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
FOR Sale by Order of Mortgagee.
O'Farrell, Near Octavia.
$7500 — A nice modern home, contains 10 rooms,
bath, etc.; extra large lot: runs through to rear
street. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
! BUSINESS Property.
$75w — Mission st.; large lot, 35x130; new lm-
j provements, consisting of store and flats, 6 and
7 rooms; all rented for $6E.
BALDWIN & HOWEI.L, 10 Montgomery st.
I A GOOD Investment.
$7750— Rent $70; Fulton St., near La#una; lot
! 27:6x120; 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath and
basement; also two Hats on rear street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP Cottage.
$1500— Very easy terms; good cottage of 5
rooms and bath; street work done; close to
Guerrero street electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN Offer.
Fillmore st. business property; none better
ever offered: $10,500; stores and flats, on best
part of the street; lot 50 feet front; pays over
9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
I BIG Interest.
J2500— Rent $30; Shipley st.. near Fourth; 3
; flats, 4 rooms each; make offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— sSsoo; rent $S0; 3 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, Just completed; Baker st., close
to Park entrance; good location: large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lot 25x120; Fourth aye.. near
Clement st. ; t good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3soo; Lakp 6t.. near Ninth aye.; new lU-
i story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; beautiful
p:irk directly in rear of the house; easy terms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE $27,600.~
Rent $222.
Splendid Improvements; stores and flats;
large corner; two prominent streets In West-
ern Addition.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
TERMS. $200 Cash!
$5 Monthly.
Price. $600; cottage of 2 rooms; chicken house;
lot 25x100; fenced; street graded, sewered and
macadamised; near Guerrero st. electric car.
BALDWIN A HOWEI.L. 1" M-mtgomery St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; IOU In the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland: }5 cash, $5 monthly; $450 for a 4-
room cottage, terms to suit; $125 upward, lots
In Galindo Tract, East Oakland; nothing like
these lots for double the money anywhere;
but few left and must be sold; fine school
house; 2 electric car lines: streets all graded
and macadamized; city water and sewer; nice
homes surrounding. Call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR RANCHES.
14-room house, Oakland; elegant $16,000
8-room house, Oakland; new 5.000
6-room house, Oakland 3.000
8-room house, Berkeley; new 5.000
10 tenement houses, Oakland 15,000
AdJreee C. P. KERN. 1010 Broadway, Oukl'd.
$850— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; lot 60x125; a bargain.
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
$1150— HOUSE and lot 60x100; nicely located near
station. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broad-
way.
$3750 — NEW modern residence, 8 rooms; 3 blocks
t<i Bn_a.Jway and center of Oakland. AL-
DEN-QARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
JJO reason for paying rent when you can get
a new 3-room cottage and lot f>"xl2s in the Al-
vin Tract for $r>Bo on payments of $o monthly;
take Haywards local train to Elmhurst and
ccc those new cottages; 3 already sold. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
SOI'TH front lot. 1 block south of V. C. : com-
plete; bearing fruit trees; will build 9-room
house complete for $3500; small cash payment;
balance same as rent. Address M. L.
WURTB, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Clear country property In exchange
for fine house and large lot In beautiful Ala-
meda; value $3700; mortgage $1000. R. S.
FALCONER & CO., Bay Station. Alameda.
WHARF for rent in Oakland, at foot of Wash-
ington and Clay sts. ; frontage of about 330
feet on harbor line: area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply to HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050
Broadway.
$4000— 30 acrf.S: 1 mile from Oakland; easy
terms. E. E. BUNCB, 9UB Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estnte dealer, notary
puriltr: prnpprtv lonk»d nfter. Sl4 Broadway
OAKLA..D HOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL modern home, Vernon Heights;
15 rooms: superb views, garden, conservatory,
Ftable: special terms to right party. Address
11. JOHNSON. 14 Sansome St.. room 15, San
Francisco. ..
FURNISHED house of 4 rooms; also chickens.
IC6S Fifth St.. West Oakland. ■
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court: conservatory; :ent cheap; cen-
tral: 859 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AM) IIOAKD.
BOARD and rooms in newly furnished house;
central location. 613 17th St., near Grove.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
FINE Funny rulte: also Funny : Ingle room: va-
rant .Tune 1. THE " '"VF.. r. 1 " pi^^tv, c (-
OAKLAND FIH MI' I HE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r ' household ponds thin week.
ECHEM.TTA AS' nM «=tnre, 4W Kloventh st.
OAK LA HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished . and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
- plan: the table is a special feature; meals 153
up: special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co.. Props., 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 60 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel, 864 Washington, % block from station.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 50 to $3: transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel, SGI Washington.' Vz block from station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
NICE home, 1820 Bay St., your own terms;
near station.
$600— LOT 30x125; elegant loaatlon; street work
done. $1500 — New 5-room cottage on Grand St.;
2 blocks from Grand st. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
Chestnut st. station; easy terms. $6000 — Fine
7-room cottage; modern in every way; lot 50
xiso; stable, etc.; Morton st. station; wfll
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-
gains In all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
U UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, nnd they are now offered at
a great sacrlflce to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, C and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and ptatlonc.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection MARCI SE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station. Alarm-da, und 636 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday?.
$iOO— LOT s<! feet front, west side Grand st. ;
112,".O lot Alameda, aye. and Paru st. ; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette St., near
San Antonio aye.; $JOuO, 10 acres, right at
Frultvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; ail new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alameda.^
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; B minutes walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln St.
CHEAPF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent td any address In the United
State*, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s!ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137-6 rented for $22: 1 block from station: also
6-roo'm cottage. IttSO. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2110 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
"friitvalk rkal BBTATB.
H~ A PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
$160— A fine building lot, 50x125; all fenced;
only 1 block from electric cars; fine location.
$275— House of 3 rooms; lot 50x150; only 2
blocks from electric cars: a bargain.
$1400— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
7-J#ot basement; cement foundation; large
chicken hou*e; lot 50x140; sewerage and city
wnter complete; easy .terms if <U\*lred.
$1050, reduced from $3'X)o— Elegant 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; fine mantel; barn;
choice fruit trees In bearing; lot 50x150; located
in the best part of Frultvale; $100 cash, balance
monthly Inftallmf-nts as rent.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 9 rooms and bath;
rent $42 00. Baker et., bet. Hayes and Grove.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake ets.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Buchanan— fl r. and b. and
planked basement.
HOUSE of 4 sunny rooms. 31 Lafayette st., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.
FLORIDA. 1022, between 22d and 23d— Nice fur-
nished or unfurnished house of 4 rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern improvements; $50.
LEAVENWORTH, 2327, near Lombard— New,
modern 8-room house; bath; marine view; $30.
NEW house, 12 rooms; Mission warm belt; rent
only $28. See ISAACS, 240 Montggmery at.
NICE dwelling, 441 Ftfth St., 7 rooms; large
sunny yard; rents reduced.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence: 8 rooms
and bath: latest improvements: $35.
TENTH, 143, near Market— House; 7 sunny
rooms; bath; large yard; good order; reason-
able.
TO LET— House; 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. ;t"3 Mission st.
WE can rent you a houre with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$42 BO— 6M HAIGHT, 8 rooms, bath, cellar.
$32 80— 2320 California, 7 rooms, bath.
$27 60—2126 Howard, 7 rooms, bath.
$25— 1037 Valencia. 7 rooms, bath, stable.
$25—2728 Mission. 9 room?, bath.
$20—1474 15th, near Howard. 6 rooms, bath.
$13—4225 19th, near Castro, 6 rooms.
$12—1939 Union. 5 rooms.
W. H. CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333— 3-room cottage; yard
and chicken-house: $5 mo. Ban Mateo cars
to Thirty- fourth at.
COTTAGE. 3 sunny rooms, yard, basement,
cheap to small family. 1270 Folsom, nr. 9th.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Fillmore st.
NATOMA, sS3— Cottaee; 4 sunny rooms and
bath: large yard and stable.
TEHAMA, 9 — Cottage, 6 sunny rooms; large
yard; rent moderate.
TO LET— Cottage; 4 rooms; 5014 California st.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth ayes. ; rent 510.
$12— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 1620 Devisadero.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms: choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ALABAMA, 1121— Flat of 4 rooms and bath;
rent $13.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New; choice;
sunny; 4 big rooms, bath; $16; water free.
AT 17C3 Scott, NW. cor. Sutter— 6 big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated If
seen; key at corner, 23C' Sutter st.
BUSH, 1213—2 flats, 3 roor.iS, bath; rent $12 and
$13. Apply 12118 Bush st.
CHESTNUT, 471, near Powell— Flats of 4 and
5 rooms; bath; rent reduced.
FLAT of 4 rooms; hall and yard; rent $P. 216
Hickory aye., between Gough and Octavla sts.
FOLBOM, 930, bet. ith and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, US-Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $1S; water free.
HOWARD, hZ2— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $26.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery Bt.
JESSIE, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Flat 4 rooms with alcove; bath; modern, and
tinted beautifully.
LANGTON, S3— sl£; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
Lath.
lIS Perry st. ; $10; flat, 5 rooms.
116H Perry Bt. ; $10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGK .t CO.. 638 Market.
MCALLISTER, yOb, nr. Broderlclo^S r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Mont-
gomery st.
MODERN sunny flats, 8 to 6 rooms and bath;
$7 to $13; near Park. IW9 McAllister st.
PAGE, 127, between Octavla and Goush— Flat
Of 0 sunny rooms; $14 50.
706 Vi PlNE— Fine sunny 7-room flat; gaa, bath;
rent $25; furniture for sale; T5O.
POST, WOT— Bay-window Hat of 5 sunny rooms;
modern Improvements; $13 a month.
RENT reduced, 4 and 6 rooms, $8 each. 837
Alabama st.
NANSOME. 712— Handsome flat of 4 rooms and
bath; cheap to good parties.
SEVENTH, 46, near Market— Flat, 4 sunny
rooms; rent moderate.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath; yard and, base-
ment. 1408 Guerrero st.
SUTTER, 18138, nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$45— TAYLOR and Jackson; 8 rooms, bath;
view.
$3. r i — Pine and Stelner; 7 rooms, bath; new.
$35 — 3130 Washington; 8 rooms, bfith.
$25—2965 Howard; 6 rooms, bath.
$24—111 Hermann; 6 rooms, bath.
$20—339 Eddy; 4 rooms.
$20—113 Hermann; 6 rooms, baih.
$20 — Corner Twenty-fifth and Hryant; 6 rooms,
bath.
$20— 11RS Bryant; 6 rooms, bath.
$20— «17U Cai>p; 6 rooms, bath.
$IS— !v>7 Guerrero; 6 rooms, bath.
$1C— 291 j Harrison; 6 rooms, bath.
$16— Fifteenth and Howard; 5 rooms.
IM— im McLea court; 5 rooms, hnth.
$15—3633 Seventeenth; 5 rooms, bath.
Cheaper flats all over town; get list.
W. H. CRIM & CO., US Montgomery st.
TURK. K2OB and D— 2 sunny fiats, 4 rooms and
bath; large basement; yard; rent $12 and $13;
no children.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms, bath. BV4 Lewis Bt, off
Taylor, near Post.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— € r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
"WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gamery st.
WANTED— IIO tenants for flats and cottars,
$6 to $12, at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Mar-
ket st.
2 NICE sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and
$10. 2041 Harrison St., opposite Eighteenth.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14, $16. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$1" FLAT. 4 rn'imw: hnll; double parlors. IS
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st.
$10 AND $13— Sunny flats. 4 anu 5 rooms; large
yard; modern. 137% Fair Oaks St., nr. 23d.
$11— FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. 124 Wlldey st. ;
key at 2125 Pine St., bet. Flllmore and Stelner.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments. 1708 Hyde at,, near Broadway.
$If.— NEW modern sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
2668 Twenty-second St.. near Bryant.
$16 50 with water free and ashman: elegant
corner flat 6 front rooms: closet; gas fixtures,
yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son *t.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$18— ELEGANT modern sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath: nice view. SO2S 1 * Buchanan st.
llimiMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 M; day, 25 to We.
BARTLETT. 420, bet. iwenty-flfth and Twen-
ty-slxth— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable.
BRYANT, 1101, corner of Ninth— Three front
rooms, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
BUCHANAN. Bf>2. corner Fell— Bay-windows:
• kitchens: others; single, en JMltf>; $6 to $9.
BITENA VISTA aye., 449—8 furnished rooms for
housekpg.: piano; flowers: good view; bath.
BUSH, 675— Large front suite and separate
kitchen, with bath, $20; large sunny parlor.
2 beds, $10; with bath.
CASTRO. 1015— Three furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
DOLORES 1100— Sunny unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping; $2 and $2 50.
EDDY, 603— Unfurnished sunny room; laundry;
yard; no children.
FIFTH, 353— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished, $20; also single, $5.
FOLROM. 842— Fine sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 810— Two front sunny rooms fur-
nished complete and neat for housekeeping;
no children.
FOLSOM, 928—2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
FOLROM. 971— Complete funny housekeeping
rocms. $1 50 week up; quiet family.
!■'<>!, SuM. IM, ranter Ninth— Sunny bay-win-
dow suits; light housekeeping; also single
rooms; cheap.
FOURTH, 329— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $3 month.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
GROVE, 129— Front rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— 2 and 3 sunny
room suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Fine large sunny
room; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, S2l— Housekeeping; single, $6 up;
suite. $8 to $10.
HOWARD, 935^. New Philadelphia— Sunny
rooms; also housekeeping; gas. water, bath.
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room, $10.
JACKSON, 3019— 1n elegant residence, 2 front
rooms, one is beautiful double room; also
kitchen, furnished; bath; $25; last two $20.
JESSIE, 343U— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; large yard.
LARKIN 433— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bay window; hot and cold water.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front nicely fur-
nished, $9; large back furnished housekeep-
Ing. $6. _^
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; even' convenience.
MASON, 225— Sunny furnished bay-window
rooms; also housekeeping; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas Btove and bath.
MINNA, 2S— Furnished housekeeping rooms, $1
per week; piano free.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
NATOMA, 81. cor. Second— Sunny front house-
keeping room; also others; rent cheap; re-
spectable.
OAK. 48— $6; unfurnished bedroom, kitchen,
pantry, closet; first floor; large yard; other
cheap rooms,
PERRY, 174— 1 nice large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot and cold water in kitchen;
bath.
POLK, 522— Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK, 607— Fine sunny suite parlors furnished
complete for housekeeping. $17; bedroom and
kitchen. $8.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; also nice
single room.
POST. 617H— I'nfurnlFhed front and back par-
lor and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath: yard: $10.
SHIPLEY, 261— Four housekeeping rooms: $6;
no children, dogs, cats; water and scay. free.
SHOTWELL, 937, near Twenty-fourth— Lady
having nice house would let three rooms and
bath unfurnished, $9 month; Howard or Fol-
Bom st. cars to Twenty-fourth.
SIXTH. 119 A (The Piedmont)— 2 or 3 complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms.
THE HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st. -Suite furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWELFTH. 145 — Sunny rooms; complete for
housekeeping; also single: very reasonable.
VALENCIA, 205—2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms: large: hot and cold water; $10.
VAN NESS, 518 — 2 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $15.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH, 615— Lower floor: 3 clean, sunny
rooms; separate entrance; nice ground*.
ROOMS TO let. . •
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St. ; trunks
moved to any part, of city. 26c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell— fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 416 O'Farrell— sunny rooms, . single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable. ■-.
AT 609 Hyde.'Sutter 715-717-719, S29H and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 801 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites. $1 60 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH, 675 — Large sunny unfurnished suite,
with use bath, $13; furnished ran.," 2 beds, $7.
CALIFORNIA, 1316 — Small sunny front room;
gas, bath, closet; 56; references. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Elite, corner Mason—
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 ' Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
DEVISADERO, 1611— Nicely furnished or un-
furnished rooms, with .or without board;
cheap. ...
EDDY, Pleasant, clean sunny rooms, $5
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home.
EDDY, 120 A —Nicely furnished rooms to let,
$1 60 per week up. *
EDDY. 207— Sunny, nicely furnished rooms;
bath and gas: $3 and $9 per month.
EDDY, 427 (473)— Large handsomely furnished
front room, with kitchen, furnished complete
for housekeeping if required; gas range; two
closets. ■ ■
EDDY, 728— Suite of rooms, handsomely fur-
nished; dressing-room attached; also 1 large
front alcove room; board if desired.
EIGHTH, 111— nicely sunny furnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 801, cor. of Newly furnished
sunny rooms.
ELLIS, 1800, cor. Pierce— Newly furnished
rooms, corner flat, sun all day; bath, hot and
cold Water; no children.
FOLSOM, 738—3 sunny furnished rooms; pri-
vate family.
FRANKLIN, 113— Nice sunny hallroom for gen-
tleman; private family; $6.
GEARY, 378— Large sunny front room; private
family; gentlemen only; reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooma; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 066— Elegant sunny suite parlors; fine
location for doctor, dentist or studio; with
piano; hot and cold water, bath, gas; other
suites, single and double rooms; privileges of
light housekeeping.
GEARY'. f>74— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for 2; bath and gas.
GEARY, 691— Newly furnished rooms.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4: reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 717— Nicely furnished
large room; bath and gas; $10.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running- water;
grate; private family; reasonable.
OOUGH, 620 — 2 furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath; suitable for lady or gentleman.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E..cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 330— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10 and $15; nice sunny yard.
HYDE~ 1105 (Hotel Vlctorla)-Unfurnlshed
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; cas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Nice
sunny room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas
stove.
LEAVENWORTH, 612\_ — A nice sunny front
room to let.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, 220V_— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reaaonable; opposite City
Hall.
MCALLISTER, 611— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
NORTHWEST cor. Fourth and Tehama sts.— 3
sunny unfurnished rooms to let.
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished froat room, short
walk from City Hall: good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week of month.
POLK, 709—2 large sunny front rooms. B-Wty
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
PINE, 681— A large front room; running water;
large closet; reasonable terms.
PIKE, 2315— Front and back parlor, furnished
or unfurnished.
POLK, 522— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POST, Co9— Handsomely furnished double par-
lors and sunny rooms, en suite or single.
POWELL, 817—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms: lot 1 floor; reasonable.
_____
POWELL, 420— Sunny front room, unfurnished.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; suitable for 1 gentleman; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
REDWOOD court, 4, off Howard, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth sts.- Elegant suite
with bath; $S per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18. Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $6; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
ited; restaurant MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
SIXTEENTH. 2522— Sunny furnished rooms,
with or without housekeeping; every conve-
nience.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Sunny front room for lady
or gentleman; nicely furnished; rent $5.
STEVENSON, 472, corner Slxtn— Clean sunny
furnished rooms; rent cheap.
SUTTER. 1033 — Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished; also single room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK. 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
and up per month: also housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3357, near Mission— 2 newly
furnished rooms: $6 and $4.
VAN NESS. SOS— 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits: handsomely furnished; KUitable for
physician or dentist; modern; fine location.
$4 A MONTH: bed and sitting room combined;
sunny; furnished: gentleman. Box 93, Call.
MOXTGOMERY. B7 cor. Clay— Open until 930
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ad? taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. 822— First-class sunny room and board,
with gas, bath, running water, telephone,
home cooking: references exchanged.
616 EDDY— Wanted, young lady dy gent to
room and board; private family; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
ruoni, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FRANKLIN, 113— Sunny hallroom; gentleman;
private family; with or without board.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changr-d hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds;' quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice Bunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast. $10 mo.
PINE, 910— Bunny rooms: home cuoking; baths
and running water; fine loca'.lon; terms very
reasonable.
NEAR Van Ness and Pacific ayes.— Board and
room at moderate rates. Box 84. Call office.
PRIVATE family of adults residing In the
vicinity of Van Ness and Sutter would like
2 or 3 gentlemen to board. R. A., box 500, Call.
SAN RAFAEL— Room and board for 1 or 2
gentlemen In private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
Postofflce box 76. San Rafael.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing-house; first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THK ORLELr— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. FUltea. with board for 2. $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS AYE.. 808—2 beautiful sunny par-
lor suites; nicely furnished; modern conve-
niences; board If desired.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Bt-antiful Funny moms;
newly furnished; excellent board if desired;
references.
WANTED— lnvalid or elderly person desiring
special attention in private home; terms mod-
erate. Box 85, Call office.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY having nice home, large yard, would
like child to board: girl preferred; ob.'ect com-
pany. 459 Minna St., near Sixth.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like to
take a child in care and board. 30 Willow aye.,
off Larkln rt., near Eddy.
YOUNG, experienced woman wants a child of
over 2 years to board. Call at 135 A Sixth st.
1 OR 2 children to board In a quiet family;
rooms for parents If desired. 1606 Bush st.
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10. 1034
McAllister St.
ONE or 2 children to board In German family;
room for parents If desired. 439 Minna st.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; rice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET.
A— WELL-LIGHTED basement to let; suit-
able for most any kind of business. Apply
DAVID STERN & SONS. 636 Market st.
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large light store, $50.
ASHTOX & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome—
Handsome corner store, with large basement;
cheap.
TURK, 422, near Larkin— Store, $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
$25—967 MISSION, with large room.
$22 GO— Cor. Howard and 15th. with 2 rooms.
$1S — SfiO Geary st., with 1 room.
$17— 1055W, Folsnm, with 4 rooms, bath.
$15—3155 23d. with 1 room.
$12 50—641 Post st., with 2 rooms.
W. H. CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
1704 MARKET— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable: opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
FRONT window space to let; suitable for Jew-
eler, optician, etc. Apply DAVID STERN &
SONS. 636 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOO.VAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Blxth: telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co.. 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 np;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at fi T £ per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests
In estates a specialty. H. MURPHY. 636
Market st.
MONEY to loan; $1000 at low rate of interest;
private parties. Box 76, Call office.
$25 AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157, Call office.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortK. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
PRIVATE school of stage dancing wherein the
latest novelty dances are taught; special at-
tention given to ballet and toe dancing; Del-
sarte and tableaux and ballets taught for
private clubs or entertainments. PROFES-
SOR BROWNE, ballet master. 704 McAllister
et., near Gough; lady attendant.
HEALD'S Business College.. 24 Post Ft.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineeri-ng; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o»
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncaid at her
school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $60; low ratea per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSONS Academy, 1247
Franklin St.; co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English. French. German
and Spanish education, art. $30.
SPANISH les6ons given; also English branches
taught: special attention to backward pupils;
low terms. 910 Clay St., Oakland.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tart's counting-room makes you
thorough, room 572. Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley . write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. <J33 Market.
COMPETENT teacher wishes pupils In Eng-
lish branches; private instruction; satisfac-
tion guaranteed. F., 623 Turk st
LAW schools— 9o6 Broadway. Oakland; 6 Eddy
St., city, room 59; day and night.
LADY will teach Spanish; 25c a lesson. 417
Mason st.. room 8.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and saage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms JlO. 711 Van Ness aye.
| CARPET CLEANING.
clTlT~¥team^Car^t^leanln^Wo^rkT^Clealis7
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 363-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ,
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at Jo.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.: tel,. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard;. tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN' S Carpet -Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate a ye.: tel. East 126. ..■ ...
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE — Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1898.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor, July 6, IS9B. - • .
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
wjwi section No: 3634 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment ' Book of the City and
County of San . Francisco,' for the fiscal year
IS9S, has been completed and delivered to me,'
as Clerk of the 1 ard of Super together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
i 5, 1898, at 2 o'clock, and will thereafter con-
i tinue in session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them is
! disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July, IS3S.
Applications for . correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given that. In accord-
i ance- with sections 1597, 1£99 -nd 3654 of the
\ Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JN... A. RUSSELL. Clerk. '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 9— Stmr Georglana,
for London; stmr Etruria, for Liverpool;
strnr Si>aarndam, for Rotterdam: stmr La
I Touraine, for Havre; stmr Kaiser ilhelm 11,
for Naples; stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg; stmr
Norge, for Copenhagen.
NAPLES— July Strar California,
from New York. -
Sailed July 9 — Stmr Karamania, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 9— Stmr Canada,
from Boston.
Sailed July 9— Stmr Umbrla. for New York.
LISBON— July 9— Stmr Neuttra, from
New York.
HAVRE— July 9— Stmr La Navarre,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 9— Stmr Ches-
ter, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 9— Stmr Friesland.
from New York. ...
BREMEN— July 9— Stmr Frledrich der
Grosse, for New York.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
:* Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Arthur G. Nlnz and Ruby Powelson 23-13
James Coltzau and Theresia Kaiser 42-44
John J. Cahalin and I«abelle L. Clark 23-21
F. R. Ickhoff and Evelyn G. 8r0ugham... .22-20
E. B. Laventhal and Lillian Rothschild. ...36-25
P. F. McGovern and Lena M. Rebstock 29-20
Daniel H. Foley and Hannah C0ck5.. ......43-38
Albert Koenig and Mary Carroll 31-27
J. M.Gresrorio and Maria Gueldermina — 22-19
Richard H. Lawton and Mary D. Savage. .26-28
Charles H. Rankln and Jean Wallace 28-28
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
5i».-sVi! ■•' ■ ■ ''-'-wij
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
I and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
ASCHE— JuIy 6, 1898, to the wife of H. C.
■ Asche. a son. * • '
BELTON— In this city, June 26, 1898, to the
wife of P. W. Belton, a son.
BRUHNS— 29. IS9B, to the wife of Wil-
liam Bruhns of San Francsico, a daughter.
DICK— In this city. June 26. IS9B, to the wif»
of Thomas Dick, a daughter. 
FOERTSCH— JuIy 6. 1898, to the wife of H. J.
Foertsch, a daughter.
GIROT— In this city. June 21, 1898, to the wife
of Alfred Girot, a son.
LUBNER —In this city, June 26. 1898. to th«
wife of John Lubner, a daughter.
MOLANDER— In this city, July 3, IS9B, to th»
wife of Daniel Molander, a son.
NELSON— 8, 1898, to the wife of N. Nel-
son, a son. ' *V
1 RAGAN— June 28, 1898, to the wife of Dr. D. F.
Ragan, a daughter. _
SMITH— In this city, July 3, IS9B, to the wife
of Alexander Smith, a son. v VV — ', '<
BWANSON— In this city, July 1, 1898, to the
wife of Bernt Swanson, a daughter. '..:.
SUTHERLAND— In this city, June 22, 1898, to
the wife of W. G. Sutherland, a son. ■
MARRIED.
CONKLIN— In this city, June 29,
IS'JS, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Crowley. Frank Conklin and ' Mar-
garet M. O'Rourke, both of San Francisco.
COSTA— VINING— In this city. July 3, 1898.. by
the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke, Nick Costa
and Mamie Vlning, both of San Francisco.
HAMMOND— BRUGGEMAN— In this city, July
2, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Warren L. Hammond and Alice M. Brugge-
man, both of San Francisco.
JORDAN— BOWES— this city. July 6, IS9B.
by the Rev. Father Prendegast, Vicar Gen-
eral, George W. Jordan and Ethel Adelaide
Bowes, both of San Francisco.
POWELSON— In this city, July 9. 1898,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Arthur
P. Ninz of United States Cavalry, Presidio,
and Ruby Powelson of San Francisco. .
BUTTERFIELD —In this city.
June 30, IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Charles L. Schrader and Sarah A.
Butterfield, both of San Francisco.
WOLFENDEN— this city, July
6, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Andrew Wolfenden and Anna Rita Follett.
both of San Francisco..' . . -
WILLIAMS— WADLEY— In this city, July 6,
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Frederick A. Williams and Bertha Wadley,
both of San Francisco.' \
UIKD.
Barbeirl, Giovanni McMurphy. Ollvl*
Bellnap, Mattie M. Moore, Stewart
Brown, William Q. Morris, Thomas
Cleary, William J. Niemann, Friedrich
DaJy, Thomas O'Keefe. Patrick J.
Dawson, William Purcell, Michael
Denison, Ell S. Bandy, George H.
Greves, Mary Schulze. Eleanora
Hay. Mrs. Janette Sexton, Catherine
Jacobson. Frank Slater, Dr. Thoma*
Landman, Marion Taylor, Jane
Lucas, Joseph Townsend, Louis R,
Lynngreen, Mcs. J.
BARBIERI— In this city, July 7, ISPS. Gio-
vanni M., beloved husband of Lotte Barblerl,
father of M. and Mabel Barblerl, and brother
of Mr. G. BarWerl, a native of Italy, aged
47 years 6 months and 22 days.
EFKrlends and acquaintances are resp--t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1427 Pine street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BELLNAP— In this city, July 8. IS9S, MattU
M. Bellnap. only daughter of Mrs. D. D.
Harnan. a native of Nevada, aged 17 years 1
month and 6 days.
BROWN — July 7, 1898, William Q., beloved
son of Hannah and the late Thomas Brown,
and brother of George H., Thomas A.. Jean,
Mamie, Maud and Millie Brown and Mrs. H.
McMahon, a native of San Francisco, agred
23 years 9 months and 15 days.
[tyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 11:30
o'clock, from tvs family residence, 1911 Sut-
ter street. Interment private.
CLEARY— In South San Francisco, July 7, 1898,
William Joseph, dearly beloved husband of
the 'ate Julia A. Cleary, and dearly beloved
father of Mrs. Katie Keefe. Mrs. H. G. Mil-
ler, WTllllamW T Illlam J. Cleary. Mrs. F. S. Oliver and
Frank Cleary. a native of Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 59 years 3 months and 21 days.
A member of Bay View L*>dge No. 159, A. O.
U. W. (New York papers please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from »he residence
of his daughter. Mrs. F. S. Oliver, 1536 Elev-
enth avenue south, thence to All Hallows'
Church. N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth avenues south, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of
Bay View Lodge No. IC9, A. O. U. W.—
Brothers: You are hereby notified to meet
at your lodgeroom this day (Sunday), at 8
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, William Joseph
Cleary. By order of M. W.
EDWARD C. MEALEY. Recorder.
DALY— In this city. July 9, 1858. Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Daly,
and father of Frank. Edward and David
Daly. Mrs. P. Scully and the late Mrs. J.
Gallagher, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 73 years.
IT-.^Nntice of funeral he: after.
DAWSON— In thlrt city, July 9. IS9S. William,
dearly beloved son of the late Mary and John
Dawson. and brother of Dolly Dawson and
Mrs. Joseph Daily, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
DENISON— In Oakland, July 7, IS9B, Ell S.
Denison, a native of Elbrldge, N. V.. aged
70 years and 11 months.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Unitarian
Church. Fourteenth and Castro streets. In-
terment private.
GREVES— In this city. July 9. IS9S. Mary, be-
loved wife of Hiram Greves, and daughter of
Mrs. Ellen Mitchell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 27 years.
[CT'Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
HAY— In this cfty, July 8. 1898. Mrs. Janette
1314
Hay, a native of La Grange, Stanislaus
County.
(^lnterment Stockton, July 10. IS9B.
JACOUriON- In this city, luly 7. 1895, Frank
Jacobson, beloved bruther of Fred, Kmiiy,
Erneat Nellie. Edward and Hann.\ JECi bson
and Mrs. K. K. Hanson, a native of Sweden,
aged 26 years.
tyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
Stockton and Geary streets. Interment Lav-
rel Hill Cemetery.
LANDMAN— In this city. July 9. IS9B. Marion,
beloved wife of J. C. Landmnn, and mother
of C F. A. H. and Gussle Landman, Min-
nie Young and Mrs. H. Will Guthrie of
Cleveland, la., a native of London, aged 71
years.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 410 Octavla street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
LUCAS— In the City and County Hospital,
July 9, ISt«S. Joseph Lucas, a native of France,
aped 65 years.
LYNNGKEEN— In this city. July 7, IS9S. Mrs.
Johanna, wife of J. W. Lynnereen, and be-
loved mother of Alfred, Joseph and Blanche
Lynngreen and Mrs. E. B. O'Connor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 52 years. (Brattleboro,
Vt., and Ware, Mass.. papers please copy.)
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attei I the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 33 Norfolk street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McMURPHY— In North Temescal. July 9, ISIS,
Olivia 1... beloved wife of F. W. MeMurphy,
mother of Valentine, Olivia. Gordon and Em-
mett McMurphy. and daughter of the late
Maurice and Margaret Casey, a native of
Portland, Or., aged 2? years nd 6 months.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains'
at the residence of her sister. Mrs. William
Kuhn. 179 Perry street.
MOORE :• Carnlnugh. County Antrim. Ire-
land, Stewart Moore, late of San Francisco.
MORRIS— In this city, July 9. IS9B. Thomas,
husband of Margaret Morris, and father of
Honora. Mary and James Morris, a native
of Castle Island, County Kerry, Ireland, aged
Cli years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th" funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 160 First street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KIEMANN— In this city. July S. IS3S. Fried-
rich, dearly beloved husband of Susanna
Niemann, ■ native of Germany, aged 4S years
£ months and 6 days. I
ITT" Friends ai:d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, (mm the parlors
Of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Odd -Fellows' Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, July 8. IS9S, Patrick
J., beloved son of Daniel and Abigail
' t'Keefe, an 1 brother of Michael and Daniel
■ O'Keefe, a Dative of Ireland, aged 26 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:Sn o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1 Bt*a!e place, off Beale street,
between Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Brendan's Church for services, commencing
at 1 o'clock. Interment Hoi; Cross Cemetery.
PCRCELL— In this city. July S. is? 1 -. Michael
Purcell. beloved father of Thomas and John
Purcell and Mrs. Fred Danmo. a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 68 years.
E.VT'Friends and acquaint are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1918 Hyde street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a service will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock sharc>. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BANDY— In this city, July S. IS9S. George H.
Sandy, a native of England, aged 74 years.
CyFrlends and members cf San Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the rooms of N.
Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment
Printers' Plat, Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BCHULZE-In this city. July 9, iSns, :ieanora
Schuiz.\ beloved mother of Desere and Albert
Sehulze and the late Mrs. Louisa Speetasen,
a native of Erfurt. Germany, aged Cl years
10 months and 21 days.
C7"FrleiKis and acnualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Mr-tzler. «36 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SEXTON— in this city, July S. IS9S, Catherine,
beloved wife of Phillip Sexton, mother of
Thomas Francis and Phillip Vincent Sexton,
and only sister of Miss Mary RahUl, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland.
ICTFriends and ".-■ uaintancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this lay
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, '."A Birch avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her boul,
commencing at 11 o'clock.. Interment Holy
•>ry •
BLATER in Reddfnz, Pha.«=ta CMinty. Cal..
Thomas, dearly beloved hus-
hnn.s of Mrs. S. A S'at-r. I I : ' lvi-
Bie and Tom Plater, n native of Uumfrle-
shire, Scotland, «>■•■ '
TAYLOR— In Little Shasta, <'al.. Jai c X
Jane, beloved wife of Albert R. Taylor, late
FrancfHco.
TOWNSEN'P— In this city. July C, ISM, Louis
R. Townsend, aged 66 >varf.
ITTFriend!-- anil acfjunlntanras and all mem-
bers and ex-members of the City Guard, mem-
l>ers of Veteran Coits. N. G. ' and Ex-
empt Firemen Rre r»>quf-?ted to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from the First Regiment Armory, corner
Page and Gough Ptreet?.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
I -UKE.KAL DIKECTOKS .V K.MBALMEaj
10 HITH ST., Op?. Lincoh Senwl.
Telephone,' South 80.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREVV & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAI.MER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Nets* aye., near Murnet St.. San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
Entab. ISoS. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
28,84 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, bpuclous chape, for ihs u»i
cf oui patron* Kubber tlrei on our umbulanot.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
D J Rlley. Red Bluff I M Mason. Boston
J\V Morrison. S.octo l : .1 Mason, Boston
Mles X Wilson, N V W R Johnson. Benicla
F L Hawley, NY F Full. Santa Cross
W McGrath, Watsonvl V Davis & w, Coulterv
J Desmond, Nev W C Floto&w, Coulter
T H d'Estrella, Berky a E Shadllck. Oakdle
A V." Arnold, MJlpita* » Tur-!i, Oakdale
C .1 Wallquist. Sacto H B McClure. Vi«aJia
Miss L Howe, S Josa Mrs <; Flood, Ross Val
R S Brown, I'taiurna J T Harrold. N V
I' El' i son. Cazadero H E Barber, Stock
vV Murray. Pleasanton \V J White. N V
D Fuetscher, Cent Cy 3 H Thomas. N V
J W Naughton. S Rfl Mrs J F Cook, Portlnd
R L Howen, .Tamestn J W McDonnell, Menl
A Tozienltz, Tex H 7' Brown, Chgo
Mrs 1. a Cape & c. C E Andrews. St Louis
Arizona 0 L Barton, w & d.
E Kilbrirle ft w. Tex Berk* ley
) X Holt & w, Tex A Appel, Germany
C X Woodruff. N V IH A Haensaler. Mo
H H liarlow, Tulare IMra Haenssler, Mo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Capt Dasher, Alcatraz W Chapman. Colusa
II Lentholtz. S Kafacl Ed Wolf, Sacto
H L Ford, U S N 0 C Sly. Napa
J Watson Jr. Vallejo R Green, L Ang
J Smith & v-, a Rosa >} 8011. New Mexico
F Moore & w, 3 Rosa W Dyer, USA
Waaalnssr, }• inland Sergt King. ISA
H Bell, B Jose 1 Russell, Chicago
W Bryen & W, Cal H Judge. Portland
J Fanning, NY C E Phlffs. Ba to
M Sormer, NY It Nathan. Omaha
I PragW, Seattle N Spencer, Chicago
X Prayer, Portland N Bxcstrom, a Joaquln
M .-.- (i Byrne, NY HE Lee Mexico
W Davis, B Mateo H T Davis, Cal
\V G Chappell. Menlo N M Sartorls, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Langley, NY C Skinner. New York
3 W Teaadale, St L >i!s H T Poindexter, Cal
Mrs Teaedale. St Louis H L Harrison, N V
Mies Teaadale, 81 Luis Mrs H L Harrison, NY
Mlbb B Teaadale, St La M Bnrel, New You
C X Strong. Wisconsin ! T Devlne. D C
H H Pitcher, Llvennoi Irs J T Devlne, D C
J Lcszynsky, N V Mrs J L Thompson, Sac
F Short. Fresno Irs E Buckingham, CaJ
lira F Short. Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E E Newman, Ogden |O R Christenson, N V
XV Francis, Salinas V J Sullivan, Boston
3 Laplng & w, Cal H IS Menton, Bacto
p Walker, Haywards \v )■: Falrthlld, Stktn
F Cottlc. Portland T L Hltes. L Auk
J L Meeks. Seattle J Hill & f, Chicago
y,' H Walters, Boston Mrs .1 G Jones, s Jose
C Johnson, Riverside ; Mrs J Land, S Jose
M li Farley, Cal JMlbs E Jones, .s Jose
J M Harris. Sacto . Mrs E E Graham, Ca'
L Chllds, Novato
■m ■ i
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD- Sailed July »— Stmr Alcatraz.
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived July— Maxim, hence
July 3.
Bailed July 9— Sehr Abble, for San Francisco.
» ♦ .
A man who was wanted in two coun
ties of Kansas for grand larceny was
arrested in Fort Scott the other day
and bound over in the sum of $1500 for
his appearance at that place. The au
thorities of the other county provided
the bail for the prisoner and took him
to St. Paul for trial. The chances are
strongly in favor of his being convicted
and sent to the penitentiary; and the
query has arisen as to how, in that
event, the county would escape pay
ment of the Fort Scott bond.
» ♦ .
Great Britain has a longer sea coast
line than any other nation In Europe.
It measures 2755 miles, with Italy sec
ond, 2172 miles. Russia ranks third and
France fourth,
COMMISSION
FOR HAWAII
Members Chosen by the
President.
WILL HASTEN TO ISLANDS
MAJOR GENERAL OTIS TO LEAVE
SOON WITH TROOPS.
First New York Volunteers Selected
as a Garrison Force for the
Newly Acquired
Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, July 9.
The President has appointed Senator
Cullom of Illinois, Senator Morgan ft
Alabama, Representative Hitt of Illinois,
Sanfurd Dole, president of the Hawaiian
republic, and W. F. Frear of Hawaii, to
be Commissioners under the provisions of
the Hawaiian annexation resolution, -he
commission will lose no time in proceed
ing to the Islands to institute an investi
gation.
The War Department has about com
pl< ted arrangements for :sending troops
to Hawaii. At ;i conference between the
military authorities to-day it was deter
tnined to nave Major General Otis leave
San Francisco as soon as possible with ;
about 15W men, ami establish a gnrri-
Bon at Honolulu. The First New York j
Volunteers, which left Chicago las', night, j
en route for San Francisco, is slated for ;
duty at Hawaii. The department consul- l
ers the New York Regiment the most
available force thai can be got oft In a!
hurry, and, although they were st-nt West
under orders to proceed to the l'hilip- j
pines, the original instructions will un- !
doubtedly be cnanged.
The quartermaati r general has s< rured
the steamers Pennsylvania and Romania, i
which will be used to convoy the New .
Yorkers and probably one other regiment ;
to Honolulu. H.uh of these ships are !
large and fast, and will be lUted up at :
Ban Francisco at once, so to be ready for
departure upon the arrival of the New !
Yorg lipglment.
It is poslble that General Otis may be
the first United States official to arrive
at Honolulu, and to run up the Stars
and Stripes llu-re. It is generally under
stood that Captain Wadleigb of the'
cruiser Philadelphia Is to have this honor, j
but unless his ship leaves San Francisco
very soon General Otis may beat him to
Honolulu. .ne First New York will prob- j
ably remain at Hawaii until after the ■
war. although it Is possible that they |
may be relh ved later on and sent to Ma- j
nila. The condition of affairs in the l'hil-
Irmlnes, however, will determine this
■
•ri.sman de Vries called on the ad-
Juiant general to-day, a.nd urged that the ;
Sixth California Regiment be sent to
Honolulu. The adjutant general told him
that General Otis would decide whether I
the First New York or Sixth California ■
would be sent, but later in the day it
was decided to aend the New York Kegl- !
meat.
THURSTON SATISFIED
WITH THE RESOLUTION
CHICAGO, July 9.— Commissioner Thurs- j
ton of Hawaii passed through here to-day |
on his way to Honolulu, where he will re
port to his government and according to
his own statement, retire from public life |
outside his own community.
Speaking of the new situation created
by the annexation resolution he said: "1 j
am satisfied with the resolution and the
commission which has boen appointed to I
sent the United States and so far as ,
I know all my people are. It has been a|
long, hard fight of more than five years,
but we fflt this result must come pome
time. Since the beginning of the war we j
hay.- been surf of success: The news will
reach Hawaii on Thursday, though 1, my
self, wiil not arrive thf-re until a week
from Wednesday. 1 have finished my
work and am much gratiiied over the re
sult.
"I do not know what the commission
will do. but we hope for a territorial form
of government, with a delegate In Con- j
gress. Wt realize that we are unfitted for
statehood a:id 1 do not expect to see it in
my time, although I hope it will come '
Borne day. The people of this countr-'
may never feel any uneasiness on that
score. The territorial government will an-
Bwer all purposes and be sufficient for our i
needs.
"Our laws are modeled on those of the :
Vriltcl States, and the commission will
find but little to do locally. Our con- !
tract labor system, of course, will be i
overthrown and most of us are glad of
It, but otherwise all the commission will
find to do will be to make n-ehnlcal
changes and provide for the extension of
the service of the general government to
the islands.
"\\<- ho;.- to s^e Honolulu a great naval
Btation, especially If th<- Philippines are
retained, and for our own sake, we hope
they will bo. We have 500 troops of our
own, and they are amply able to handle
any local neea tint may arise. The coun
try is extremely prosperous now, and I
believe tl.ere is an excellent chance for
men with moiif-y to embark in business
there. The Americans will now have an
Immense advantage/
Will Soon O-gnnize.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Sonator Oul
lom, aftr-r a conference to-day with Presi-
3ent McKlnley, stated th^t the Hawaiian
commission would probably organize here
early next week, so they would probably
Fail from S;ii! Francisco for Honolulu dur
lru the following week. Hi- thought the
commission would not remain In Hawaii
more than two months.
INDIANA STRUCK BY
A BOMB FROM A MORTAK
Tlie Missile Went Through the Deck
of the Vessel, but No One
Was Hurt.
Copyrighted, ISPB. by the Associated Press.
OFF SANTIAGO, July 8 (per the As
sociated Press dispatch boat Cynthia,
Port Antonio, Jamaica and Kingston,
July 9, noon).— The shore batteries
ul»>ut Santiago have not capitulated,
as U> evidenced by the Indiana receiv
ing a Spanish compliment in the shape
of a bomb from a mortar on thf: night
of July 4. The mis.-ile went through
the deck of the warship into the ward
room, where it exploded with terrific
force. Luckily, nobody was in the
room at the time, and the explosion
caused no loss of life. There was no
panic, and the officers and crew quietly
extinguished the fire which resulted.
Transports With Wounded at Tampa
TAMPA, Kla., July y.— The Iroquois and
Cherokee, two transports from Santiago,
arrived here to-night. The latter ship
has a large number of wounded who are
being transferred to the awaiting hospital
trains. The former vessel has only a
few wounded on board, having left most
of her passengers in Key West.
The Hondurlan bark Amapala. which
was captured some time ago by the block
li'iing squadron off Havana, was released
to-day from quarantine and sailed for
Trujlilo.
Water Scarce at Carson.
CARSON, July 9.— Never before In th«
history of Carson has there been such a
scarcity of water as made Itself manifest
last night. Should a conflagration have
started It would have burned unchecked.
This morning the water company pub
lished a notice, prohibiting the sprinkling
of lawns and gardenia for the entire sum
mer. The street-sprinkling carts have
been taken o&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
BROKE ALL
HIS PLEDGES
Gross Treachery of a
Spaniard.
DECEIVED THE FILLIPINOS
WHY THE BEVOLUTION WAS
RESUMED.
Natives Snot by Order of the Gov
ernor After a Peace Agree
ment Had Been
Effected.
Correspondence of the Associated Press. Copy
right, IS^3, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, July 2.— One of Aguinaldo's
leaders in the last Philippine revirlt is
living incognito in London and practi
cally acting as Aguinaldo's agent, in
receipt of constant telegrams and let
ters from Cavite. questioned on the
Philippine situation by a representative
of the Associated Press, he said:
"The Philippine independence was
proclaimed in October, 1596, and its
first President was Andreas Bonifacio.
When he dit-d over a year ago- Aguin
aldo was elected President and com
niander-in-chief. On the arrival of
Captain General Primo de Reviera that
officer made a policy of bringing the re
bellion to an end by means of conces
sions, force having railed. Our leaders
Mere approached and the result was
the pact of Bianonabato-, so called from
ihe village where it was signed on De
cember 14, IS^7.
"Senor Sagasta the other day denied j
that in the 'pact' General Reviera j
promised reforms. Here is an official
copy of that 'pact' wherein is promised j
the banishment, or at least the dls- j
banding, of the religious orders; Phil- j
ippine representation in the Cortes; the
Bame administration of justice for the j
natives as for the Spaniards; unity of '
laws between the Philippines and
Spain; the natives to share the chief .
offices of the Philippine civil adminis
tration; re-arrangement of the prop
erty of the friars and of the taxes in
favor of the natives; recognition of the
individual rights of the natives with
liberty of public meeting and of the
press and a general amnesty. These
sum up the native grievances, and are
what we will expect the Americans will |
institute.
"Fur those reforms Agulnaldo and
the uther loaders promised that if Re
viera carried out the 'pact' they would
expatriate themselves for three yeais
and foment no movement against
Spanish authority during that time.
I'pon the rebels surrendering their
arms, ammunition and forts Aguinaldo
was to receive four hundred thousand
pesetas. This money Aguinaldo de
posited in the Hongkong and Shanghai
I'.ank at Hongkong, not for his per
sonal use, but as a fund, the Interest
of which— in case the Captain General
carried out his part of the 'pact' — was
to be devoted to the education of na
tives in England. In case the 'pact'
was not fulfilled by the Spaniards the
money was to be used for arms and
ammunition for the rebellion. The
Captain General never proclaimed a
general amnesty, denied the existence
of the 'pact' and shot several rebel
leaders who returned to Manila on the
strength of it.
"Since the renewal of the rebellion
under the inspiration of Admiral Dew
ey'.s victory the present Captain Gen
eral has approached Aguinaldo and his
leaders and promised If they would
make common cause against the Amer
icans he would carry out the reforms
stated In the 'pact.' As a mark of
pood faith he created a legislative coun
cil to whi<"h he nominated twenty lead
ing Ministers of the Philippine repub
lic. All overtures were scornfully re
jected.
"The German pretensions are simply
preposterous. The Germans there are
practically little more than peddlers.
All the large mercantile houses are
English, who have in their hands quite
three-fourths of the bulk and value of
the commerce. The banks, railways,
telegraphs, cable and local steamship
lines are English, the only cotton mills
belong to the English and the
English control the sugar and hemp
trades."
The Germans are trying for
some of the heavier trade, but have not
capital or credit. There is only one
American house in Manila. There is
only one Russian subject on the island.
Ud to now Spanish has been the official
language, but by last week's mail I
learned Aguinaldo intends as far as the
republic is concerned to substitute Eng
lish. '''«.■>'
"The root cause of the Philtpplne re
bellions has always been the ateady
deprivation of the natives of their
rights by the Spaniards. Year 1 y year
security for lifo and property has
diminished, particularly so as to the
native friars in the Philippines. The
Spanish friars, too. havo sent to Spain
all the monastery wealth they could
dispose of, particularly that willed to
th<- monasteries by rich natives. Then,
too, the persecution of the Free Masons
by the friars caused the 3000 Masons
1 lodged in jail, at the instance of
thp friars, and loaded with irons. Be
sldes, no promise ever made by the
Spaniards to the natives has been
kept."
Kept Out of the Army.
CARSON, July 9.— Company A of the
I Nevada National Guard and the
I Emmett Guard of Virginia City
arrived at Camp Sadler this morning.
District Attorney Noell of Storey County
| came with Company A. On the same train
! came a petition from the people of Storey
■ County, requesting th* Governor to rom
p» 1 Noel to remain at home and attend to
his duties. The Governor compiled with
the request, and Noel returned this even
ing. His Intentions were to appoint a
deputy as District Attorney and aecopt a
i commission with the National Guard.
Baisin-Growers Must Pool.
FRESNO, July 9.— The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' Association,
! at a meeting to-day, completed a contract
with packers whereby the packers apree
not to handle any raisins which arc riot
pooled In the association's combine. The
effect will be to force all raisin growers
Into the association. About 40 per cent
have thus far signed the contract to pool
the crop.
Rev. Dr. Sunderland Coming.
ANN HARBOK, Mich., July 9.— Rev. Dr.
Sunderland, one of the best-known Uni
tarians in the country, and his wife, a
prominent educator and writer, have de
cided to move to California next month
for a permanent residence. Dr. Sunder
land has been pastor of the Unitarian
church here for twenty years.
The Express Company Must Pay.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has a decis
ion in preparation In which it will be held
that the stamp representing- the tajc on
express matter must be affixed to the bill
of lading by the express company and
not by the Individual shipper. This also
applies to the Government when sending
express matter under Its contracts.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without romuval. J. Noonon, 1017-1023 Mlsilon.
FOUGHT ONLY
IN ONE BOAT
Story of La Bourgogne
Seamen.
MURDER CHARGES DENIED
FRENCH CONSUL GENERAL'S
RExORT.
Says the Passengers Were Panic-
Stricken, but the Crew Did
Its Best to Prevent Loss
of Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 9.— Co-nsul General
Bruwaert, representing the French Gov
ernment in this city, to-day told the
history of the wreck of La Bourgogne
as he got it from the crew of the ship
in their depositions. Mr. Bruwaerfa
story is as follows:
"When the collision occurred Captain
Delonele, who was on the bridge, im
mediately ordered the twelve life boats
to be manned by the crews assigned to
them. The crews responded quickly .to
the order and remained at their posts.
After this, the captain signaled from
the bridge to the officers below decks
to ascertain the extent of the injuries
below. He reoei ed no response to the
signal. About eight minutes after the
captain had signaled down below and
received no answer Fourth Engineer
Laise rushed up to the captain and told
him the side of the ship was cut open
and water was pouring into the ma
chinery compartment. Captain De
loncle ordered the boats to be lowered.
"The ship was stopped about this
time. Passengers from all parts of the
ship came rushing upon the deck and
ran about in a panic. They got in the
way of the sailors and pushed them
away from the boats aa they were
loosening them. Before the boats could
be got from tl.e davits and ready to
launch the ship suddenly listed to star
board, throwing some of the passengers
overboard. The slant of the deck was
so steep that passengers could not
stand on it. The passengers of the
first-class had rushed out of their
rooms to the port side of the ship and
against the protests of the sailors
clambered into the six boats there. A
list to starboard made the big boat
swing on the inward and turned the
davits bax;k against the sides of the
cabins.
"The sailors implored the passengers
to leave the boats, and in cases tried
to shove thfin out so that the boats
could be lifted over the side of the ship.
A crowd appeared ready to take their
places. The sailors heaved away at
them, but could not budge them. They
gave up at last and were engaged in
cutting the boats fr\ - v hen the big
vessel pitched stern downward and
sunk, carrying the port boats with it.
"On the starboard side three boats
were smashed by the Cromartyshire in
the collision. Boat No. 7 was filled
with women and other passengers and
had been launched successfully when
the big funnel fell, crushing the boat
and 'tilling most of those in it.
"Twenty Austrian sailors from the
Bteerage seized boat 11. There was
room for fifty In the boat, but passen
gers and crew were fought off by the
men In it. Passengers in the water
tried to get aboard, but were pushed
off. Boat 9, filled with passengers, was
got off successfully. It had some fifty
three aboard, including its crew. The
only boat on the port sid>>, whither the
first-class passengers had rushed after
trying the starboard side, was No. 3.
Th>» sailors around it succeeded in get
ting it launched, leaped Into it as the
ship went down and picked up passen
gers enough from the water to fi'l it.
Passengers were also rescued from the
water by the only raft saved.
"Boats from the Cromartyshire came
up as the ship sank. Two good boats
and the pan of the smashed boat to
which some were clinging were taken
to the sailing-ship. The boats manned
by the crew of the Bourgogne and the
English ship circled around about
where the big ship had sunk, picking
up survivors."
The Consul says that he made the in
vestigation carefully, and that the
stories of the men agree and were told
frankly. The sailors said that the life
preservers were furnished by the crew
to the passengers, but they were In a
state of panic and threw them away In
many instances.
Consul Bruwaert inquired particular
ly as to the fighting among the crew
or passengers. All the stories of the
wrecked men agree that neither the
men from La Hourgogne's crew nor
the passengers did any fighting, except
the Austrians and the Kalians. Most
of this was done by the Austrians in
the single boat.
Among the callers at the steamship
company's ofiice to-day was Brother
Romaine, a survivor. He said that his
own experience would not bear out the
criticism of the Bourgo<?ne's crew.
He said the officers of the ship were
in their places doing everything they
could to restrain the panic among the
passengers. A sailor came to him and
asked him If he could swim. He told
him that he could. Tho ship's man
pointed out something floating in the
water, told him the best thing he could
do would be to swim for It. The ship
was lust about to sink and the sailor
took Brother Romaine in his arms and
threw him as far away from the ship
as he could. He managed to swim
away fast enough to avoid being
caught in the whirlpool caused by the
ship and was rescued by a raft.
RETURNS OF ELECTION
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
The Government Will Have Probably
Not More Than a Majority of
Two in the House.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 9.— Returns
received from to-day's provincial election
up to midnight give the following result:
Government 15; opposition 17; doubtful 6.
The following seats have gono Govern
ment: Comox, Cowlchan, Esquimau (2),
Kootenay East North Riding, Lllloot,
West, Nanalmo North, New Westminster
City, Victoria South, Victoria City (3),
Victoria North, Westminster, Dewdney,
Yale and East Riding.
The following seats have gone to the
opposition: Alberni. Cariboo (2), Koote
nay, Revelstoke, Kootenay, Slocan, Koo
tenay, Nelson, Kootenay, Rossland, Nan
almo City, Nanaimo South, Vancouver
City (4), Westmlnter, Chilliwack, West
minster, Delta, Westminster, Richmond,
Yale West.
The following seats are undecided: Vic
toria City (1). North Yale, East Koote
nay, Bputh Hiding and Lillooet East.
Cascirs two seats will be contested later.
Premier Turner was defeated in Chilli
wack, but will be returned from Victoria
City.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 9.— Victoria re
turns all four Government candidates.
Government loses three seats on the isl
and.
Kamloops. previously a Government
stronghold, has gone opposition. The lat
est returns Indicate not more than a Gov
ernment majority of two in * v Wouee
which consists of 38 members.
COLON'S PART
IN THE FIGHT
Report Submitted by
Her Captain.
LAST TO BE VANQUISHED
BEACHED TO PREVENT USE
LESS LOSS OF LIFE.
Cervera Made no Signals While at
Sea, all Orders Having Been
Given Before the
Stirt.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
GUANTANAMO, Jul- 6 (via the As
sociated Press dispatch boat Cynthia),
via Port Antonio and Kingston, Ja
maica. July 9. — Lieutenant Adolphus
Kentroa, the executive officer of the
Spanish cruiser Cristobal Colon, has
written to Spain an official accoun.t of
the movement of Admiral Cervera's
squadron in the fight.
The Colon came out last at full a^eed,
and tried to escape the Brooklyn and
Oregon, but was compelled to beach
sixty miles west of Santiago at 1:15
and not at 2 o'clock, as stated in Ad
miral Sampson's report. The transla
tion of the letter by Executive Officer
Kentros is as follows:
"About 9 o'clock the squadron got un
der way, the ships one cable's length
distant from each other. At 9:30 o'clock
tlie Infanta Maria Teresa cleared the
entrance to the harbor without receiv
ing any fire until she had passed El
Morro. The Vizcaya felt the fire when
at the head of the entrance, as well as
the Cristobal Colon, and it is certain
that the Almirante Oquendo opened fire
while within the channel.
"When clear of the entrance the Cris
tobal Colon went ahead at her maxi
mum speed. The Infanta Maria Teresa,
at 9:30 a, m., when hardly clear of the
entrance, was seen to be on lire in her
after part and a few minutes after
ward was headed for the beach.
"An hour later the Almirante Oquen
do was seen to be on fire, and she, too,
was headed for the beach at the same
point.
"The Vizcaya and the Cristobal Colon
j continued the fight. The former, about
j 10 o'clock, seeing herself overhauled by
! the Brooklyn, maneuvered as if to ram
and without doubt at that moment
must have received the projectile that
started the lire on her and she was
seen to head for the beach in order to
strand herself.
"The Cristobal Colon alone remained,
staying the fire of the Brooklyn, the
only ship withtn range, but a few mo
ments later she observed the Oregon
closing up and later the same with the
other ships.
"The projectiles of the Oregon
began reaching us at 1 p. m., and that,
together with the fact that it was im
possible to fight with the after guns on
account of the Colon's lack of large
caliber pieces and the certainty of be
ing overhauled by the whole American
squadron in a few hours, left no other
remedy than to run ashore in order to
avoid useless sacrifice of life.
"The admiral made no signals while
at sea, instructions for forcing the
blockade having been ~'"en the cap
tains at a meeting which took place
on the morning of the previous day."
THE ROUNDER.
"One morning Gus, Charley, Otto and I
landed in Williamsburg," said the round
er as he shook his half empty beer glass
Into foam preparatory to drinking it. "It
was about 3 o'clock. That was the night
the Italian hot corn vender sold us his
entire stock for 35 cents under the mis
taken impression that there were only
Beven ears in the boiler. In reality there
were about forty-seven, and we regaled
all the trolley men at the ferry, much to
their surprise and satisfaction. Then we
traveled along a side street that I could
not find now, and ran across a bakery in
full working operation. The smell of the
baking bread roused the pangs of hunger
again and we' went down the steps Into
the cellar where the men were working.
They glanced up at us as we came In
without the slightest surprise on their
floury faces and kept on working. One
man," however, who seemed to be the pro
prietor, came somewhere from the back
ground of chirping crickets and asked ua
what we wished. \Ve didn't quite know
and told him so. after a cursory examina
tion of all the doughy masses around us.
"Gus suggested that probably there
was cake or something: upstairs in the
store that would strike our fancy. We
went up with some difficulty. The baker
lit a gas jet and we gazed vacantly at
the mottled cake In the showcases and
the stale bread on the counter. The baker
looked at us inquiringly and we looked
back with all the expressions that men
can develop after paying the steady at
tention to the business in hand that we
had Thus we all stood for fully three
minutes without saying a word. Then the
man glided softly from behind the coun
ter and in the most matter-of-fact man
ner in.jginable. opened the door and
bowed obsequiously. We stared at him
ar.n he bowed again holding the door
open with his 'eft hand Then Otto
marched out, trying to ho d his head
erect and we fell in behind in Indian file.
The man cloßed the door Just as softly,
and w» heard the patter of his slippers
as he turned out the gas and went back
t0 "We stood outside for awhile and then
moved away mechanicu'.ly. Nobody said
™word until the next drink and that was
three blocks off. I had forgotten the
whole thing until now, but it seems to me
U would have appeared very funny to an
outsider"-New York Sun.
The depth to which a diver can go Is i
not more than 100 feet. Below this the
pressure of the water is too great. To
lower him to this depth he must wear
iron shoes that weigh fourteen pounds ,
and must have eighty pounds of lead ,
strapped round hla waist. When lifted,
off the lugger, feet first, he weighs 3001
pounds His first sensation on entering
the water Is a frightful pain in the ea s,
and in all exposed parts of the body where
the air-suit cannot keep pressure away,
or where the air becomes unevenly dis
tributed He sinks rapidly, but once upon
the bed of the ocean he is ready for work.
In the case of pearl divers the shells look
bo enormous to him that he is sure he
cannot lift more than one at a time, and
the novice will give the life-line a tug .
and be lifted to the surface, only to find,
when out of the magnifying powers of ;
the water, that he had a small shell In his
h< Th d c danger In diving is that men will
not keep the wheel going that pumps air
to the pipe that supplies the diver wun
air-that the boat may sail over some
submarine obstruction In which the life- ,
line will get entangled. An old anchoi
With the rope drifting from it seriousl>
endangered the life of one diver. Ihe j
dancers below are poisonous fish that wih
bite a man's feet or fingers or sharks,
that nip them off at a bite. A poisonous
stone fish secretes itself behind the pearl
oyster shell and gives the diver serious
injury if stung.
Divers become deaf from the pressui-L
upon the ear drum. They also run greav
risks of paralysis from disturbance of in.
circulation of the blood. The heart suf
fers from the same cause, and the lungs.
If weak, rupture at the first descent. It
takes the greatest hardiness, and any Ill
ness of the body, from a weak joint to a
sneezing cold, lays a diver up until he has
entirely recovered
READY FOR THE
MANILA TRADE
The Puebla to Go on the
Route After the War.
SHIP TACOMA IS CHARTERED
TO TAKE HORSES AND STOBES
TO THE PHILIPPINES.
Government Undecided Whether to
Send the Bennington or Phila
delphia to the Hawaiian
Islands.
The transports City of Puebla and Peru
are now ready to receive troops. Both
vessels have been fitted out in first-daw
style, and the soldiers who go on them
will be very comfortable. The Puebla
has been llxed up in a very thorough man
ner, arid the chances are that she will not
be taken off the Manila ran in a hurry.
. s soon a:; Uncle Ham is in possession
she will be the first of a line of passenger
steamers that will ply between ,San Fran
cisco, Hawaii, Ladrones and Philippines.
Since her overhauling the Puebla is emi
nently fitted for service in the tropics
Her system of ventilation is perfect, a
first-class refrigerating plant has been put
in, a bath for sailors lias been lix-jd up in
the forecastle, one for the oilers and fire
men and another for the engineers have
been put in aft, while in all twenty-four
shower-baths have been fixed up in var
ious parts of the ship for passengers. A
perfect system of cooking by steam has
been put In, so that a meai for a thousand
men can be prepared in a little over half
an hour. The promenade deck has beeen
so arranged that it can be covered with
an awning from stem to stern, and in
very hot weather the passengers will be
able to sling thuir hammocks on deck and
enjoy the cool night winds. All in all. the
Puebla will be the best fitted out trans
port that will carry troops to Manila.
Captain Harry Goodall of the Columbia
has been transferred to the City of Pu
ebla, and will go out in command of her
when she sails for Manila. This will en
tail a number of changes among other
masters of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. Captain Greeen of the State of
California will take the Columbia and
Captain Cousins of the L'matilla will take
the State of California, Captain Thomas
will take the Umatilla..
The next fleet of transports to be got
ready will probably consist of the steam
ers St. Paul, Walla Walla. Pennsylvania
and City of Rio do Janiero, the ship Ta
coma and the collier Titanla. The Czarina
was looked over by Ma;or Long and Cap
tain Howard, but they finally came to the
conclusion that the steamer is too small.
With the horses that are to go down the
Government wants to send four months'
supplies of hay and grain. It is reckoned
that a horse will eat seven bales of hay
during the voyage to Manila, besides bis
usual allowance of oats, so that TOO bales
would have to be carried for the horses
alone. This would take up more space
than the Czarina could spare, and at the
same time leave room for other supplies,
so the Government decided to take the
ship Tacoma.
The Tacoma was discharging at the gaa
works, but yesterday a tug was sent for
her. and during the afternoon she docked
at Main-street wharf. To-morrow morn
ing the work of fitting up quarters for the
horses will begin, and the ship will be
ready to sail before the week is out.
The City of Rio de Janeiro and the
Pennsylvania will both be discharged in
a few days, and the work of getting them
ready will begin at once. Accommoda
tions for COO men are all ready to put into
the Pennsylvania, so that she will prob
ably be the first of the next fleet to be
ready to sail. The Walla Walla will ar
rive from Puget Sound ports to-morrow,
and she will be discharged and ready for
the carpenters by Wednesday, while the
St. Paul, 6lster ship to the Senator, will be
fixed up as soon as she discharges her
Klondike freight and passengers.
Just which warship will go to Honolulu
with the transports Peru and City of
Puebla seems to be in doubt. The gun
boat Bennington is now in the stream,
and the Philadelphia is expected down
from tho navy-yard to-morrow. Some
people who think they know say the Ben
ningtcn will go to Honolulu with the Com
missioners who will raise the stars and
stripes over Hawaii, while the Philadel
phia will remain on the coast. Others,
again— and among them arft the men on
the Bennington— say that the gunboat is
going north to keep a watchful eye on the
treasure ships that are coming from St.
Michael. Admiral Miller's Hag still files
from the Albatross, and until it is decided
where the cruiser and gunboat are going
no change will be made. AH of yesterday
the Bennington was taking stores aboard,
and she will be ready for sea to-morrow.
If she goes to Honolulu it will be a great
disappointment to her crew, as they have
just returned from the islands, and now
Want to go to Manila.
Kid is not the only material from which
gloves are made, although the name is
long associated with them. Iron gaunt
lets were used in the Middle Ages, later
embroidered leather and Jewel-set gloves,
gloves of hair, linen, velvet, satin and
taffeta. Asbestos gloves, that can be
cleaned merely by throwing them into the
fire, are for fire laddies. Waxed, glazed
and perfumed gloves were worn a cen
tury ago, when the rage for extravagant
dress was at its height. :,:
Many sailors believe that the frigate
bird can start at daybreak with the trade
winds from the coast of Africa and roost
the same night upon the American shore.
Whether this is a fact or not has yet to
be determined: but it is certain that the
bird is the swiftest of winged creatures,
and is able to fly, under favorable condi
tions, 200 miles an hour.
■ ♦ ■
Dutch omnibuses are fitted -with let
ter boxes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sufferers need not go to the hot springs nor poison
their systems with mercury or other deadly minerals in order
to get cured of contagious, malignant blood poison. Dr.
Meyers Co. cure this most dreadful affliction, whether
inherited or contracted, and at any stage — primary, second-
ary or teritary. They eradicate it forever from the system,
leaving the blood pure and the skin perfect. Other physi-
cians have succeeded in driving contagious blood poison
from the surface for a few weeks or months, but the won-
derful treatment \i a oat Till f nr(X A of Dr. Meyers &
Co., which has flo ray mi lUrefl - been use / with
universal success for many years, expels the poison and
makes a permanent cure. t Dr. Meyers & Co. have such
confidence in their treatment that they do not ask for
money until the patient is cured. Any one can have a
consultation with the doctors and get the benefit of their
advice by calling at 731 Market street, San Francisco. Take
elevator.
#
Treatment by mail. All letters confidential.
Hours Bto 12, Ito 5 daily. Evenings 7to 8. Sundays 9to 11.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the English and German Export Specialists,
IMPRESARIO
GONE ASTRAY
Frank Greene Skips and
Charity Funds Fly.
EMPLOYED FEMALE SPIELERS
BENEFITS FOR INSTITUTION S
HIS SPECIALTY.
Patronesses of the Men's Home and
Miss Hill of the Eureka Valley
Kindergarten Left to
Mourn His Loss.
! An impresario has gone astray, and the
' patronesses of the Men's Home and Miss
India E. Hill of tha Eureka Valley Kin
j dergarten are left to bitterly mourn his
untimely loss and incidentally to straight
en out his affairs.
Frank M. Greene, who posed for a time
as a local Giau, came from Si. Louis with
letters to the best people, and at once
made known his specialty— the successful
arrangement of benefit entertainments for
deserving and worthy charities.
His benefits were sure things for the
charities. Greene handled the funds,
took entire charge of the programmes,
\ hiring of halls and disposing of tickets,
j promising the beneficiary a stated sum,
I and rendering accounts to no one. All his
business was conducted in a strictly le.LT.il
manner, and the society to be benefited
I affixed its signature to a contract, agree
ing to these terms.
Six charity concerts with most satis
factory results were given by Greene, and
then he approached the president of th<j
Men's Home, Mrs. Hale Rix, and "its
treasurer, Mrs. Hatti< Robertson, offering
j them splendid inducements for a benerit
j in aid of their charity to be held at tha
; Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel on the
evening of June 23.
The ladies were to take no active part
in the affair. They were simply to lend
I the name of the home and in return
! Greene was to swell the charity's coffera
iby $50. A week previous to the affair tha
' impresario disappeared, and as it has
I since transpired, after disposing of liiO
i tickets at $1 apiece.
Greene also had another little game on
for the same evening and the same place
in the shape of a concert for the benefit
of Miss India E. Hill's Eureka Valley
Kindergarten at 535 Castro street.
| Greenes methods were interesting. Al
' though his presence was charming, his
! address of course affable, and his speech
glib, be sold no tickets, but disposed of
his 'wares by means of female spielers.
! The young women canvassed the town
1 and received a 10 per cent bonus on every
| ticket they disposed of.
Everything was worked by schedule.
i Spielers were given a certain number of,
streets to work, with a rough estimate
of the results each district would >ield.
The following is Greene's estimate of
the charitable inclination of the various
j streets and public buildings:
; Steuart 7, Spear 7, Main 6, Beale 8, Fremont
i 7, First 6, Second 7, Fourth 3, Fifth 4, Market
j 30, Mission 25, Howard 20, Folsom 10, Harrison
10, Bryant 10, Brannan 10, King 1 4, Townsend
6, East 10, Drumm :•, Davis 25, Front 15, San
some CO, Battery 30, Montgomery 10, Kearny
10, Grant avenue 5, Stockton 5, Powell 5,
Broadway 5, Washington 10, Jackson 5, Clay
10, Sacramento 10, California 50, pine 26, Bush
20. Sutter 10. Post 8, Geary S, O'Farrell 3, Fill
more 10. Polk 10.
Buildings— Meyer 15. Mills 10, Crocker 10.
Call 15, Examiner 10, Chronicle 10. Bulletin
10. City Hall 10, Union Trust 10, Wells Fargo
10, Parrott building 10, Spreckels 5, Southern
Pacific Company 10, Safe Deposit 5.
Breweries.
Physicians.
Lumber merchants.
Hotels.
Fish dealers.
Butchers.
The patronesses of the Men's Home
and Miss Mill mean to make good the
tickets bought by the charitably inclined,
and will each give a concert, at which
the tickets sold by Greene will be hon-
I ored. The ladies have called off Greene's
spielers and are selling their tickets them
selves, with the assistance of a bevy of
society buds.
The Men's Home concert will take place
on the evening of the 21st at Maple Hall,
Palace Hotel. Miss Hill has not yet made
! any definite plans in regard to the Kin
dergarten concert.
A SOLDIER'S BABY STARVES.
The little babe two months old, of
Edward Linskey, private, Seventh
Regiment, I. N. G., died at its mother's
breast of starvation. Privai ± Linskey
is at Camp Tan .er with his regiment,
which has been muster d into the ser
vice of the United States.
Private Linskey went to the front
with his regiment with the consent .>f
his wife, and because he could not get
work in Chicago. A' hough a capable
workman for Gormully & Jeffrey, the
discharge of a large number of men left
him idle for two months. He could not
find work. His regiment was ordered
out. He said to his wife: "I will go,
and the money I get for being a soldier
I will send to you."' .
Bttt his babe died of starvation yes
terday morning in a bare room at 2-10
Orleans street above a grocery stor^,
which i-3 filled with things to cut. The
Coroner came, and he said after care
ful examination that the mother had
been so long without proper nourish
ment that her milk would not support
i .if little one. and it died of an empty
storn: "h in sight of a dozen churches
and close to --veil organized charitable
institutions— Chicago Times-Herald.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
"DR." WARNON
IS A FAILURE
Only a Few Now Attend
His Seances.
LOST IN THE TABERNACLE
"DEAR MRS. MONTGOMERY"
DOES NOT ASSIST HIM.
No Cures of Any Import Have Been
Effected and the Pentecostal
Wave Has Not Yet
Arrived.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 9.
Francis Warnon, the divine healer, has
been holding meetings for several nights
at the Exposition building, but tn
of his crowds Increasing they have rap-
Idly diminished. There are now about
fifty people who, under the name of the
Christian Union, have fallen In behind
the healer and are booming his work.
Several cures are repnrted every evening,
although not of any great magnitude, but
those who profess to be healed are very
positive that the work is genuine and
nothing can shake their confidence in the
doctor.
Dr. Warnon paid last night that within
ive have the Tabernacle
crowded ;u.d to enter upon a great re-
The doctor prophesied this two
weeks ago and on th<- strength of his
faith some of his followers obtained for
him the use of the big Tabernacle. The
large crowd and the Pentecostal visita
tions which \\<r.' <■•■, .•■ not yet
materialized, and i: . m that the
what of a failure in this
city. Public confidence in him was part
ly destroyed wl tme known that
he had to resort i" the services of a local
eye doctor to be cured himself after pro
. :i great power, li"
has n • out '>f
hie alleged curt- of Mrs. Montgomery,
notwithstanding the fact that the lady
has frequently stated in public that 1 >r.
Warnon \^. i C the many hun
praying for her and that
refoi ■ to a propor
■ he credit.
The doctor pi week ago that
many promineni were intending
me to his platform and help him in
his ministratioi i among
. "dear Mrs. Montgomery, and per
md."
it, however, Mrs. M ry has
not appeart <!, and whl h
filled dwindled away
until the attendance at the Tabernacle
looks like a corporal's guard in the big
building.
The doctor announces several 8]
morrow, but public faith
in his powi r Is not sufficient to counter
act the attractions of ('amp Barrett and
:blic parks around th<- city. The
: s mission in Oakland has really
proved a failure.
THE HAND OF FELLOWSHIP.
General Secretary Francis "W. Reid
Welcomes the New Sister State
Endea-"orers.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The announcement
of the convention of Christian Endeavor
era of the Sandwich Islands, held June 7,
has.jr.st been received by General Secre
tary Francis W. Reid at Clayton, Contra
nty. He Immediately forwarded
the following letter of congratulations to
them on the new fellowship:
CLAYTON. Cal.. July S, IS9B.
Mr. Bouthwlck, President Sandwich Islands
T. P. S. C. B. Union— Dear Endeavorer: In
behalf of California Christian Endeavor Union,
1 hasten to extend the hani of greeting across
the waters and welcome to the new fellowship
our sister State and her Christian Endeavor
societies. May God grant that a union so hap
pily consummated may long continue to be a
blessing to us all. As your nearest neighbor.
we Invite you to the closest fellowship within
our Christian Endeavor ranks. Yours truly,
FRANCIS W. REID.
General Secretary California C. E. Union.
Dr. Rucker Re-elected Chairman.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The annual meeting
of the Board of Health was held last
evening, and Dr. Rucker was
chairman. Dr. O. D. Hamlin si
Chamberlain on the board, am
pointed chairman of the hospital com
mittee. Health Officer Dunn's
the month of June shi
death rate for that month j. lie
urged that every means be sed to pre
vent typhoid fever. Diphtheria and scar
let fever have nearly been stamped out.
A number of houses on the w< si side of
Pine street, number;:
Inclusive, were ordered placard*
count of their unsanitary condition.
Ex-Senator Denison's Funeral.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The funeral
late Eli S. Denlson will b< m the
Unitarian church to-morri ion at
2 o'clock. The Rev. Dr. McDonald of
Sacramento, a life-time friend of the de
ceased and who performed the man
ceremony for him over thirty
will officiate. George P. Morrow ■
dent of the Oakland Repul
has issued a call for the mem
organization to meet at the Macdonough
Theater at 1 o'clock to attend the funeral.
Mr. Denlson was formerly a member of
the Alliance and presented the 1
which they now hold in honor of giving
the greatest Republican plurality of any
county in the State.
Fires on Lake Merritt Shore.
OAKLAND, July 9.— A carpet beating
establishment and a match factory i
eastern shore of Lake Merritt were de
stroyed by lire to-night. Fire v.
in the engine house of the <
beating place and ten minutes lat.
fianv-s h;td ("mpletely enveloped both
buildings. Owing to the difficulty of ap
proaching the place on the shelving
banks, the fire department could not get
to work quickly and both places were de
stroyed. They were both owned by Chirrt
men' and burned down about a year ago.
The damage will not exceed $1,000.
Schmidt Must Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, July 9.— Judge Allen held
George Schmidt to the Superior Court
this morning: in the Police Court for burg
lary. Bail was placed at $3000. Schmidt is
the man whom Officer Jacobus had such
a tussle with on Thursday morning, when
tnpelled to kill the man's horse
ake two shots at him. He afterward
claimed to have purchased the bran he
had been caught stealing: from Heagerty
In East Oakland. Heagerty testified to
day that S'-hmidt did not purchase any
thing of him. No defense was made by
the accused.
The Smales-Eeed Nuptials.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The wedding of
Miss Almco Reed, one of the most popular
young ladles in this city's society set, to
Harwood D. Smales, took place this even-
Ing, at the home of the bride's father,
Charles G. Reed, 1257 Filbert street. These
young people have been fast friends for
the past eight years. The bride is a sister
of Mrs. Olive Reed-Cushman, the singer.
The groom is connected with the Fire
man s Fund Insurance Company and a
popular young man.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAKI', July 9.— Charles Krub a
brakeman.who was fatally injured yester
day a , 1 ''ort Costa, died near midnight at 1
Fablola. where be nas taken for treat
merit. Both lower limbs were terribly
crushed.
The commission of W. H. Friend aa
postmaster of this city, was Issued yes
terday in Washington. Postmaster
M hite s term expires on the 24th
Mr. Friend is expected to assume control
of the office.
Professor Edwin H. Clark, a musician
of marked ability with a State wide rep
utation, is visiting bia parents and sister
In this city. Ho came from Los Angeles
his home, and will rrmain a month '
Warrants of the High School teachers
for the latter half of Juno may now be
had by calling for them at the office of
the City Auditor. The grammar and pri
mary teachers may secure theirs from
the County Superintendent next Thurs
day.
Mrs. Permelia F. Heaton, wife of W.
D. Heaton, aged 52 years, died at the fam
ily residence, 1225 Webster street. Last
<venii!g. She has been a resident of this
city ten years.
John A. Brlttan has received word from
the Secretary of War that his son Van
Leer E;;stland Briitnn. has been appoint
ed a cadet in the Government's military
academy at West Point. ' He is 18 years
of age and a graduate of the High School.
St. Joseph's Church Reopening.
ALAjiEDA, July 9.— After having been
closed for several months, during which
time the interior of the building has been
remod^ed, St. Joseph's Church will be re
opened to-morrow for service. A special
musical programme will be rendered, un
der the direction of Theodore Vogt, the
organist, and Father Younan, the Paulist
missionary, will preach at the 10:30 serv
ice.
Special Patriotic Services.
ALAMEDA, July 9.— Special patriotic
Bervicea will be held to-morrow evening
in the Christian Church, corner of Park
and San Jos.' avenues. Rev. Mr. Hub
bell of the Fifty-first lowa Infantry will
preach, and a malo quartet from the
same regiment will ping. Joe Hooker
Post. G. A. R., of this city, will attend
and soldiers from all the camps aro in
vited.
rhere will be special patriotic music at
the First Methodist Church in tho even
ing, and the soldiers at Camp Barrett
have been Invited to attend.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 9.— A theatrical benefit
for the Red Cross will be given at Ar
mory Hall next Friday and Saturday
when the drama, "Father and Son." will
be given under the auspices of the au
thor, Mrs. Kingabury Cooley.
A. McConnell, an engineer at the pot
tery, got drunk and noisy last night and
its a result paid Slu fine for being drunk
and $14 more for disturbing the peace.
Julius Perry was hit in the che^t and
knocked senseless this morning by the
breaking of a windlass used for drawing
voppels on the ways at a shipyard near
the Bay Farm Island Bridge. Beyond some
lilul bruises he is is not believed to be
Beriously injured.
Burglars got into the basement of the
residence of the Habenicht family, itin
Alameda avenue, one night during the
past week, while the family were away,
and made themselves very much at home,
drinking a lot of wine and feasting on
tlie good things in the cupboard. They
:i'.s,> stole j) bicycle.
Mr. and Mrs. R. F. O'NelH of this city,
who have l^en spending their vacation
near Calistoga, report a narrow escape
from death by tho falling of a white oak
tn-e upon a cottage In which they were
sUoping. They w< re fastened in their bed
by the wreck and had to remain there
until neighbors released them.
The baseball game this afternoon for
the benefit of the Red Cr..ss between
nine? from tho Native Sons' parlors of
this city and Oakland was won by the
latter by a score of S to 2.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July U.— James Suttin,
recorded of the faculties of the Univer
sity of California, will leave to-morrow
fr>r a summer vacation. Tho recorder's
office meanwhile will be in charge of H.
A. ' >vi rstreet.
The Board of Regents of the University
Hfornla will hold a regular meeting
next Tuesday morning in the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art, San Frani
A one-story building in West Berkeley
belonging to John Storms was destroyed
by lire yesterday afternoon about 2
o'clock.
Dr. J. G. Jessup, captain of Company
T. Berkeley Volunteers, has decided to
sell the drums donated by the citizens of
Berkeley to the company and to turn the
proceeds over to the fund of the Red
Society.
The residents of South Berkeley will
hold a meeting next Monday evening to
take final action with n gard to the for
mation of ;t stock company to supply wa
ter to residents in the neighborhood.
GAVE EVIDENCE FOR
THE GOVERNMENT
REMARKABLE DEVELOPMENTS
IN A DEPORTATION CASE,
Members of the Chinese Society of
English Education Stand Against
the Importation of
Slave Girls.
The case of Yum Gum, a Chinese girl
who arrived here on the Doric on May
16, and is now being held for deporta
tion, brought out two unusual circum
•-s in the hearing before Commis
sioner Heacock which makes it appear
that the Chinese engaged in importing
slave girls are almost on the verge of
di .-;>• ration, and also that the better class
of educated Chinese are doing all In their
power to suppress the evil.
When the case was called Lim Lip Shee
testified that he had known both the
girl's parents in China and that they had
formerly lived in this country. He then
frankly admitted that he was an offlcei
of the Shew Hing Tong, one of the pow
erful Six Companies. It was afterward
learned that he had given testimony in
another case, at that time claiming- to
be the father of the girl under examina
tion. This is the first time an officer of
the Six Companies has been known to
give testimony aiding the slave traffic.
The other unusual feature of the case
was tho presence of two members of the
Society of English Education,
who stood up valiantly and gave evidence
In favor of the Government and against
fellow-countrymen, and their ijlu< k
was greatly admired by the officers. One
of the great difficulties the officers have.
had to contend with is that of
iring evidence against Chinese, as
th"ir fellow countrymen are always will-
Ing to swear to anything to get another
the country. The case was so weak
that Attorney T. D. Riordan abandoned
it on the second day, and the g-lrl will
ibly be sent back on the next
steamer.
II is rumored in Chinatown, however,
that the case will be appealed, and that
tporters have put up $r,OO to pay th«
of a now trial in the hope of keep
ing the girl here.
Coolie Labor Uniforms.
Jacob Karminsky was arrested yester
day on a vrarant sworn out by the Labor
Commissioner, charging, him with ob
structing a public officer. This is prob
ably the first case of the kind under tho
statute for such offenses. While making
an o investigation Into the matter of Chi
nese making garments for the soldiers
me Labor Commissioner found that the
Jm?b^ £ the P rr 'Prietor of a place at
1002 Stockton street, conducted under the
name of Wing Ling." There hundreds
or soldiers garments were being made,
w,iniw T' At the investigation Kar
m n!/ t refused to tell from whom he ob
miwn^ t e h contracts or sub-contracts for
r£r ,7* n he clothes - Hence the arrest.
,??h,\aH ar " States that the man no
wi.hi Jt« a + 1 V' ry &ood reason for not
busing M tel^ all he knew about the
«« in t?,' ¥ r -, Dam s ays that Karminsky
is on the books of the contracting firm
J r « ;v,» i and the Commissioner
express the opinion that the firm is really
tho owner of the "Wing Ling" Chinese
store, and has been using Karminskv as
the figuroheari of the business
.
Frank Ganahl Dead.
Hon. Frank Ganahl, an old time mem
ber of the California bar, died FridS
June S. at Spokane, Wash., where he had
Pra ° f ° r tho past * ew "
Mr. Ganahl was a Georgian by hlrth
but settled in Los Ang<l,s nearlyn early days
and rapidly attained a high place In th«
legal profession. He was a "oiiVairSe at
the practice of law in the southernrftw
of Hon. E. M. Ross, Senator -White ?nd
other well known lawyers. Mr Gatilhl
was G6 years of age. Ho leaves a lar«re
circle of friends throughout California.
Washington and Idaho. He was connect'
ed by marriage with the McDaniel fam
ily of Marysville, one of the oldest In the
Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
A Child Rescued.
I After a search of five months Secretary
Parnell of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty, to Children has at last
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
found and rescued little Sarah Perez,
also known as Belasco. Little is known of
the mother of the child, and from all that
can bo learned of the girl she has been
in the keeping of a woman whose station
in life is said not to be very elevated.
Some one, however, has been interested
in the little one, and a place has been
provided for her in the Good Templars'
Home in Vallejo.
WENT INSANE FROM PAIN.
Merwin Potts Had His Eye Injured
by a Firecracker and Re
fused Treatment.
A peculiar case was treated at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital yesterday. Mer
win Potts, a barber, while firing crack
ers on July 4, had his eye Injured by ona
of them. He made no complaint, but
went to his home at 641 Mission street
and locked himself in his room. Foi
three days he refused food and would al
low no one into his room. His brother,
a soldier at Camp Merritt, went to visit
him, and when the door was forced open
Potts was found to be insane. The pain
in nis eye had affected his brain. He
did not recognize any of his friends anu
refused assistance. Finally he was taken
to the hospital by force, where Drs. Hill
and Zabala attended to him. They think
that as soon as the inflammation in the
eye has been reduced the unfortunate
man will recover his reason.
Treasury Decisions.
Lists of decisions relating to the war
tax are being received dally at the in
ternal revenue office in this city. Among
those received yesterday are that tax
must be paid on proprietary medicines
sent out by manufacturers as samples
even though they are distributed gratuit
ously. Samples of medicinal articles, per
fumery, etc., are liable to stamp tax ac
cording to the retail price or value of th«
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Mining- Congress Con
demns Extralateral
Rightg to Veins.
A Big Chlorination Plant to Be
Revived— What the Copper
Smelters Do for Quartz
Mines.
The International Mining CongTess has
ended Its four days' session at Salt Lake
City, and the full report of the proceed
ings, speeches and papers will be read
with great interest by mining men -when
published.
The most notable thing done was the
; adoption of the following resolution: "Re
solved, that it is the sense of this Inter
• national Mining Congress that the mining
1 j laws of the United States bo so amended
'■ i as to do away with extralateral rights in
, mining claims; and
, "Resolved, That we hereby instruct the
- president and secretary of this congress
■ to forward at the opening of the next ses
| Blon of the United States Congress to the
■ Public Land committees .of the Senate
! and also to the Secretary of the Interior
.'. and the Commissioner of the General
. : Land Office each a copy of this resolu
tion."
The majority report of the committee
on revision of the Federal mining laws
appointed at the meeting last year was a
lengthy one, covering many points, and
recommending, among other things,
! changes In the manner of making- loca
tions. The report also strongly favored
: the abolition of the extralateral right. In
this it reprisented the opinion of the vast
majority of intelligent mining men of tho
West. The minority report vigorously
! combated this proposition. The conven-
I tion declined to adopt either report, but
by a good majority adopted the resolution
quoted, simply favoring the abolition of
extralateral rights.
Such a revolution In American mining
! law will not be accomplished without a
long and hard battle and it will be dis
cussed for a good while to come. With
1 the exception of Matabeleland in Soutn
Africa, the United States is the only
i country in the world which allows a
mim-r to follow his vein outside the virti
1 cal boundaries of his surface claim, but
years of enjoyment of this right have
made it appear just and its withdrawal
a wrong. Everywhere else in the world
| property limits extend vertically down
j ward with mines as well as with farms
and quarries. The extra-lateral right has
furnished more than nine-tenths of the
mining litigation of this country, and the
cost of this has been hundreds of mil
lions.
Another encouraging development has
come to Shasta County, and especially to
the town of Kennet, which feels thai
a new boom has come. Charles Butters,
! the eminent mining engineer and metal
j lurgist, who for several years has been
so prominent in South African mining,
is the cause of this delight. The Redding
Free Press says:
"The Butters chlorination plant at Ken
net, which has been idle for a number
of years while its owner was away in
South Africa, is to be extensively im
proved and put in condition to resume
I operations. Charles Butters has given
j orders to his foreman in charge to over
j haul and repair the Hume and ditch tak
ing water out of Backbone Creek, and
where necessary entire sections of flume
will be replaced. Just what Mr. But
ters' Intentions may be with reference
to his plant at Kennet is not known,
other than that it 1b to be placed in con
dition to resume operations as soon aa
possible. It is quite likely, however, thai
the capacity of the plant will be greatly-
Increased, and it is possible that Mr.
Butters will take hold of some of the big
undeveloped propositions lying in tho
base range about Kennet. At any rate,
the information that the plant is to re
sume operations will be good news, not
only to the people of Kennet, but to coun
ty mining men in general."
A writer in the Redding Searchlight
gives some interesting figures in illustrat
ing tho. value of quartz mining of the
Mountain Copper Company's smelters at
Keswick. This company buys for flux
great quantities of the base quartz ores
of the region, which cannot be worked by
freo milling processes,, and many mines
are as a consequence now operating at
a good profit which could not be worked
without costly smelting plants.
We now can market ore that was not
salable before the starting of this enter
prise. Ore under the value of $50 per ton
and not free milling (much of Shasta
County's ore Is not) was of no value to
miners without smelters. Following is
the cost of marketing a low-grade silica
ore in 10-ton lots at the Mountain Cop
per Company's works: Let us take an
I ore assaying $25 per ton. Working charges
j Are $3 50, and 90 per cent of the assay
valuo is paid by the Mountain Copper
Company to the miner, or $22 SO; deduct
ing working charges, $3 F.O, and we have
$19 net. To ship the ore to any other
market costs the following: Working
charges, %V>; railroad freight, $3 80; 92 per
cent paid by smelter to the miner, or 8
per cent off, $2. making a total cost of
$21 80, and only a net proceed of $3 20 per
ton to the miners, as against $19. When
ore Is shipped to the Mountain Copper
Company the mirier receives $15 SO more
money on $25 ore from the Mountain Cop
per 'Company than from any place else.
They have higher charges for working
a heavy sulphuret ore, but In no case do
they exceed one-half of the cost of other
markets.
Lack of transportation facilities ia the
greatest drawback to the development of
many rich mining regions in the State.
The task of developing a mine and set
ting up a mill in mountain regions far
from roads is sometimes a stupendous
one. A small but typical instance is thus
described by the Redding Free Press:
"Louis Moore, the freighting contractor,
has returned from Trinity County, after
spending four or five weeks there in su
perintending the delivery of a five-stamp
quartz mill to the Globe mine, near Can
yon City. In taking in the machinery over
a range of mountains the wagon had to
be drawn up and along the ridges with a
block and tackle. There was no road, and
only in occasional places could eight
horses draw the load more than fifty
yards before block and tackle would again
have to be used. At the highest point on
article. Soaps are taken out of the cate
gory of toilet or laundry articles when
ever the manufacturer or vender recom
mends them as having medicinal or heal
ing properties and as such must be
stamped.
A large supply of documentary stamps
were received by Collector Lynch late yes
terday afternoon and are now ready for
distribution. There is a full supply of
1 and 2 cent stamps, a moderate supply
of 10 cent, 25 cent and $1, and some 50
cent and $10 stamps. The proprietary
stamps have not yet arrived.
The O'Connor Shooting.
Tho case of Mrs. Emma O'Connor, wife
of P. J. O'Connor, architect, charged
with assault to murder in wounding the
boy, Edgar Reinhold, Friday afternoon
at her residence on Green street, near
Lyon, was called In Judge Low's court
yesterday morning. Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson appeared for the defendant and
said she was in his office in a deplorably
nervous condition, and he asked that tho
case be continued for a week. Prose
cuting Attorney Reynolds said he had no
objection and it was so ordered.
Patriotic Service.
A public patriotic service will be held
at the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. It will be more es
pecially In honor of the release of Lieu
tenant R. P. Hobson, who is a promi
nent association man. Special patriotic
music. The address will be delivered by
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., of the
Howard-street M. E. Church.
A New Banking House.
The Bank Commissioners issued a li
cense to the Bank of Santa <Tlara yes
terday. The new institution has a cap
it:! 1 of $100,000, of which $50,000 has been
paid in. The officers are: President, H.
G. Bond; cashier, E. F. Jordan; direc
tors—C. C. Morse, H. Maybury, S. P.
Sanders, A. Block, H. J. Alderman and
John J. Miller.
the range the route was at an elevation
of iOou feet above sea level. An interest
ing sight at that high altitude was the
spectacle of Adams' packtrain, loaded
with twelve-foot boards, winding along
the mountain trail, and presenting the ap
pearance of successive sections of inverted
V flume."
The famous Utlca mine at Angels Camp I
will be shut down about September Ist i
and will remain closed pending repairs to
the mills and the machinery in general.
The reservoirs, ditches and liumes will he
cleaned and put in first-class condition
this summer, while the water is at the
lowest point. The dry year will make this
work much easier than if there was plen
ty of water and the company has decided
to take advantage of it.
The mine owners will spend about $50,
000 in this work, but the greater portion I
of the expense will be the entire recon
struction of the Union flume for a dis
tance of about six miles. Over 2,000,000 '■
feet of lumber will be used in this piece
of work and some 200 men will be employ- '
ed on it.— Stockton Independent.
The booming prosperity of the Great
Qolden Cross mine in San Diego County
since its resuscitation is shown in the re
port of Receiver Pauly for May. The re- i
port says that a large profit is being made j
out of the operation of the mines. From
the clean-up on June 1. there was realized
146,444.94, and from other sources $1,499 50 !
was obtained.
The total expenditures, including 111 -
M> which under stipulation is paid to the
defendants in the action each month i
j amounted to $48,021.73. The payroll for the i
I month was $10,300. There was* $56,903.73 on
i hand on May 31. Forty additional stamps
were started on June 1, and Receiver
! Pauly says that he believes that he will
| be able to furnish ore for them as well as
| tor the 100 stamps which have been in op
eration. The report was approved by
Judge Torrance.
The Santa Rosa gravel mine, locat.-d
near volcanoville, above Georgetown, and
'1 by the Santa Rosa Gravel Mining
Company of Santa Rosa, Cal., has been
bonded to 'William Simms, an attorney of
Sacramento, the first payment being
made on the 24th inst.
The Marysville Democrat says that
work in the mine of the Good Title Com
pany at Indiana Ranch has ceased for the
nt, and it may be permanently. The
quartz is of very low grade,' and on going
r it did not Improve. There is plenty
of quartz, but a run of several montl
demonstrated that it would not more tha
I pay expenses.
John Manning and Antonio Gomez wer
down from the White Star mine yester
day. The White Star is booming. Re
cently eight tons of rock, less 330 pound
wad put through Cooper's mill andcleanei
up 11200, besides leaving 700 pounds of ric
sulphates. Two men took out the roe
!in five weeks. The mine shows $10 CXX) i
; sight.— Kern County Echo.
J. R. and John Smith, who have bee
prospecting in the Amalia district for
year or more, have struck a ledge tha
! promises to return them a small fortune
The ledge is saia to be a large one ant
the rock fairly glitters with bits of th
precious metal. A ton of the rock ru
through an arastra yielded about $25
I while the assay shows a stiil greaU
j value. — Kern County Echo.
; . The old Gladstone mine, Shasta Countj
| has twenty men on the payroll. Gooc
I ore is being taken from the mine and th
20-stamp mill is running steadily. Th
! new compressed air hoist and pumpin
plant work to perfection.
Kene Curin, representing the Pionee
Mining Company of Montana, arrived i
town the latter part of Inst week. M
Curin will thoroughly prospect the rive
bed in the vicinity of the Given ranc
with a view to putting in a dredger Th
company have already located a goo
many acres of the river bed.— Trinit
Journal.
Littlefield & Fisher, who hold a bond
on the Densmore, near Parrotts Ferry
are developing the property with a force
or ten miners, and feel assured they have
one of the famous mines of the county I
A new shaft was recently started which '
is now down fortj- feet, and shows in I
the bottom a four-foot vein of well <le
■ lined quartz. A mill will in all probab~
ity.be shortly put up at the mine.-Sonora
Lilian-Democrat.
The Gerrymander Gold Mining Com
pany has sued the Golden Gate Company
owning the adjoining mine in Sonoma
County, for $150,000 for alleged trespass
on their property underground. As usual
the right to the veins under the apex law
is involved. Concerning the condition of
the Gerrymander, the Union-Democrat
Bays: "The west drift at the Mo-foot
level is being driven ahead, and in the
meantime sinking is going steadily on in
the shaft, which is down JTio feet It ia
| the intention of Superintendent Joseph to
I sink at least 500 feet, both hol«t \nfl
\ pumps being easily good for the distance
Le\ols will be established and manned if
every 100 feet. The ore being taken
from this part of the mine's workings is
very rich, and, as is common throughout
tho property, highly sulphureted Th*
rebel element represents 4 per cent ot
th*> ore, and assays show it to be wor*h
$20<j0 per ton."
After a successful test with three tanks
at the cyanide plant, Taylor mine Fl Do.
rado County, the management has decid"
ed to erect seventeen additional tanks
The Redding Searchlight fays that a
cinnabar property is being developed near
Millville In which a ledge several feet
wide has been traced MO feet.
H. Visscher is in charge of operations
at the Narrows, near Smartsville by thi>
United States Debris Commission' to de
termine upon a site for the proposed de
bris restraining dam. From thirty to
forty men have been employed there sev
eral months, sinking and "trenching for
bedrock. The explorations show there
are in the 4000-foot gorge, known as the
Narrows, at least three good sites The
funds on hand are nearly exhausted —
Mining and Scientific Press.
California mining towns are still in the
ring. Rnndsburg has been growing to
beat Jonah's gourd and all obstacles have
pimply served to accelerate the hustle
Xow it is talking about incorporating and
entering society as a real, grown-up city
The only drawbacks at present lie in a i
superfluity of churches and saloons —Los
Angeles Times.
A Santa Barbara paper says: San Fran
cisco capitalists are spending thousands
of dollars in oil development in Rlncon
Canyon, near the dividing line of Sunta
Barbara and Ventura counties. Test holes
have been Funk with such good results
that the company believes it has found
the very fountain head of the petroleum
wealth of the State, and the establish- |
ment of a refinery will probably follow as
a matter of course. They find the same
geological formation that underlies th»>
rich fields near Santa Paula, the same I
red rock that is witness of untold quan
tities of the precious liquid.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
«*c,c SANTA . .
'4^ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful cast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers. *
Full information, rates, lllustratr-.l pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
223 .Siuth Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
saratoga"~sprin&sT
Lake County, dial.
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
nnrlvaied. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
cf access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street. IF.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, flnn water*
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
ParalsD stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet aiidresa R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
0 V A PPO HOT SFRTVGS, Sonoma Co
Ail illlll.V Only iv > hours from S. F. and
UIInUUV but 9 miles' staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 60: take Tlburon
ftrry at 7:20 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE,
A Charming Bpot to Visit This Sammsr.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and caroful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak. no ptsts. And pure air
and pure wnter. Aadrr=s MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ON?. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and eoia
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, 11%-ery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINO. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Franc!»«v
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an . enchanting
♦mbowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATTJKAIi STEAM ANi> MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimrrins —ake. Long-dlstanc* Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and 515 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
flay. R. M. HOUTON. Proprietor.
/STj ■&■■*« «-» No staging to get there,
IWt Ili no *° s ' mosquitoes fr
/•I jIilfJL winds when you are
■*- m^*'*** w there. Table unsurpassed.
.Rates CIO, $12. $14 a week.
/•^ • Round trip tickets $7. W.
fcfc. ***it<ffl! IYC 1' Mitchell. Manager;
Ii fl B MM V\ F. V. Owen. Agent. Call
kJ UlkßlfLkJ Building. -
mrrKm'r * r»s\ springs,--
HOWABtO putah P. 0..
I£ \J ■▼" . . /1.1%.5L^ LAKE COUNT Y
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office. »11
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
CASTRO VALLEY,
Near Hay wards. Room and board for 1 or 2
ladies or lady and gentleman in private fam-
ily nice location: rate reasonable. Apply at
D. H. VOGT'S, Hay wards, Alameda Co., Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkeport, Col-
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fln»
large grounds; special facilities for families
and. children; home cooking/boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address • FRANK
SCALES and A. M. ■ SCALES. .-
JOHANNISBERG.
Famoim mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevatiou 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERQ RESORT, Napa. CaL
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; n.'.l kinds of skin
aireases cured In marvelously Bhort time: kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
tro'iibles Immediately relieved: rates $10 to $13
Ser week. Long-distance telephone. Address
. A. HATS, Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles [rum UcplanU; unequuted soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; terms *1Q to <12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELU,
Proprietor, Hopland, Cal.
LOCH LOMOND.
New house; nicely furnished; hard-finished
rooms; good table; everything neat and clean;
3 minutes from depot: rates *7 to $10 per week;
postoffice, etc. C. H. WILLIAMS, Ben Lo-
mond, Cal.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Ta! oo). elevation 6507 feeet, opens Jun»
1 Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open Urea. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rate*, »13 60 for ROUND TRIP. J. 8.
ÜBBT. room 1. Flood building. Ban Franclica
HAYWARDS.
_ ' IF YOU...
' ~ 1 Are seeking for a de-
j/yeS?*^. lightful and healthful
resort for the summer
<fe*S»^£i^ I "'ll^s. months for your family.
S£&«S?^ l sisi*??r not so remote from
WtSw RtT i*w BaSFfe town but that you can
jj^i H Vl till jjgjgjlljfy be with them without
" ■ *«■ — neglecting your bust-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are In search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only 1V» hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS ... m Your wish to confine
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
your attention is directed to
Haywards Park, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
Baa Leandro and Haywards Electric Railway.
OR IF YOU m . Are ttsaA of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choif-e musicn.! programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
Into the park. The monthly commutation rats
Is only J5; room and board, $S per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywarda
Club House.
MOXEL
METROPOLE,
•£. ?%fa OAKLAND,
W*^oW3&k 13th and Jeffersoa Sts.
I TW£-.,vrn! \.tlir&i£mSvi Only 35 minutes
W* 2ni™Bw * r m San Fran-
jl^iJ?LrsJ l E3'.tnjS A Desirable Summer
ll^Xl^f^UUy and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare. Prop, and Tourists.
flMilD SFEBGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAIi
* springs In America; all :.inds of amass*
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rate*
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shufffe-board,. croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
ThePlasefor OT>r<XJ ADDI In the TOOT-
RESTMdORCHARp -»»;«.
HEALTH SPRINGS S|
Plain. Quiet Retreat,' Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit, and all the Year
- Around Climate in California.
Ideal groundsand surroundings. On R.R.,136 miles fm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year, send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo Rlvef,
t hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cruj
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished nnd elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, }3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boatintr. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $3 week. R. H. BANFIIX Prop.
UftAftl) F TTflf . And good treat-
UvxJU LLW& ment fro hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet
Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOtTIr-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious Umtte; pio-
turesque Ecenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena SanJtarTum, St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIISGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Vailey, two hours from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled end refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bolls. Hates ill) to
tn per week. %t per day. Address AGUA CALJ-
ENTE SPRINGS. A«ua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks thrniißh shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables
fruits, butter, milk and eprpg. A dollghtfui
country homo. Free conveyance at depot* fl
per week. JOHN P. WINTER. Cloverdale. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
"\°£?: T .f™ n ,E> ' edwooci scenery. Address J.
lATTRIAGER. Sea view, Sonoma County, or
apply 13. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. 3. F.. for par-
ticulars.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wlck, E;gklyou County, CaL
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED .
MANAGEMENT,
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEIi AND COTTAGES.
PAIP ORCHESTRA,
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
— . — __».
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, foua
miles from GlenwodU, County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1909
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 60c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and 'other counties.
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood.
VILLA DU RETOUR, ~*
Sausalito; house, 10 rooms; cottage, 4 rooms;
laundry; stable; 1 horse; buggy and cart;
complete; all handsomely furnished; for rent
or sale. Inquire at Real Estate Agency,
Sausalito.
TO the country we go— We will meet you at
the depot; good accomodations; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; children $3 50. E. M. SHEL-
FORD. Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale, Cal.
COUNTRY board near Sonoma: private fam-
ily: good home; terms reasonable. MRS. P«
CHELINI. Sonoma.
THE
WEEKLY
OHLL
©{ It Publishes the Cream of th«
gj News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND-
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
C< PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ /^ —
If The Best \ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /Sv. ' s Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
3_ / >^-^
01 Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
«. it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, i A Champion of
j Thoughtful. Truth.
OC II I J_
1 ...,., ___ , = a
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALLTHEJIML
3IT ADVOCATES I SENT BT
) HOME MAIL, Sl.si
«X INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.
.... '  . • — _ * . «
HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
eJWtS? Five hundred reward for any casm
!"• ■"f we cannot cure. This secret remedy
I : _. , V. stops losses In 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
S3? W?tl Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele.
uF VitT Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
MJ^ XJi, Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
*3 S^ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
E-^.rr.r-gJ sealed. $2 bottle; 8 bottles. $5; gruar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market et., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free boot:
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonls
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Uestoratlva.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
US Market Street a F.— (Send for Circular.il
WONG WOO,
r^# CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'Wjf 3 SANITARIUM,
jjpjtfk. 764-66 CLAY ST., San Francises, o*l,
'*d%£&a&giN&n All diseases cured exclusive.
//"X^'l'igW ly by Chinese herbs, over 300»
*v-%"\WfV^ .. varieties being used. AD VlCa
FREE, i Hours, »;30 to U * ax., 1 to 3 aad 1 tm
Bp. m. ; ; «- " -._ . -/..._;.___- -
1516
MEAD'S FIGHT
IN THE MINT
TO HOLD ON
Assistant Coiner Resists His
Suspension and Will
Appeal.
Charged by Mr. Spotts With Misconduct
and Delinquency and Recommended
for Dismissal From the Service.
There Is trr ble at the Mint, and
fevery prospect that enough of it will
develop to allow each of several gentle
men a liberal share. It all grows di
rectly from the suspension from duty
of Michael H. Mead. This made trouble
for him of course and he does not pro
pose to maintain a monopoly.
The public has been informed of the
suspension of Mr. Mead, but the precise
reason h:.s never been given. As the
following letter has a direct bearing
on the matter it is given in full:
July 2, 1898.
Hon. Prank A. Leach, Supterintendent
United Btatea Mint— Sir: Pursuant to ar
ticle 29, section IT. of the Mint regula
tions and other rules and laws govern
ing the Mint Bervice and this department,
1 have ti> rep.. rt a want of
ty and reason to suspect the in
■ . of Michael 11. Mead, assistant to
th< coiner in the handling of bullion and
metal, and who I also charge with dere
liction of duty, delinquency and miscon
duct in office. I recommend the suspen
sion of M. H. Mead as assistant coiner,
and think he should be dismissed from
the Mint service. Respectfull submitted,
A. T. SPOTTS. Coiner.
This was a declaration of war. the
throwing down of a gauntlet. Mead
was suspended, but he does not intend
to submit, and the opening of as pretty
n fight as has stirred politicians for
many a day may be regarded as having
been made the instant the letter was
penned. Mead has taken up the gaunt
let undismayed and as to his Intention
to make things lively for the enemy
makes no secret. He has engaged At
y Frank McGowan to conduct the
case, and as a preliminary step an
answer lias been filed with Superin
( ■ nt Leach in which the charges are
denied in toto. But Mead dots not con
tent himself with a simple denial. He
brings counter charges charging Spotts
v.ith an attempt to compound a felony.
and Leach hii..self is included in the
indictment.
A .short time ago an employe of the
Mint was arrested for stealing bullion
and was convicted. Mead says Spotts
and T.each have tried to hold him re-
Bponsible for the shortage discovered
on that occasion. Ho was asked by
Spotts to resign and declined to do so.
Mead, by the way, is one of the Dag
p-tt men whom the present administra
tion found already in place, and who
ore protected by civil service. It is
common belief that the Leach crowd
does not have for these men the
warmth of affection showered upon
Buch as came in by later appointment.
However, this may have no bearing
on the subject in hand.
When Mead refused to get out on re-
Quest, he says the matter was renewed
In anothr form. Spotts, on the author
ity df Leach, made him a proposition
to accept two weeks' salary and re
sign. To keep accounts straight the
resignation was to be without date, and
the books to show nothing of the evan
tehment of Mead from the scene until
the two weeks had expired. This
scheme not appealing to Mead, it was
renewed by Spotts and Leach together,
but tho pair failed to convince Mead of
the advisability of quitting. Then he
;was bounced, or at least treated to sus
pension, which is the initial stage of
the bounce.
Thus merry war is on. Mead's
friends claim that the whole trouble is
political, dating back to the Metropoli
tan Temple convention when Mead re
fused to shout for O'Brien for
chairman and stood up for Watkins,
despite the admonitions of certain
bosses who told him what he ought to
do. Mead had done considerable in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eighteen Months Old Baby Had
Hash on Shoulder for Two
Years Causing Intense Suf-
fering. Would Scab Over,
Break Open and Be Raw.
Several Doctors and Kerne,
dies Tried. Efforts Fruitless.
Cored by CUTICUKA.
Mf sister had this rash come on her shoulder
when she was about eighteen months old. It
was there about two years causing her intense
Buffering. We had several different doctors,
triel everything that we could think of, and
that every one could suggest without effect-
Ing a cure. In spite of all we did it kept
spreading. One day it would scab over and
then crack open and a watery matter ooze
from it and the scabs would all fall off. It
would bo raw for a time, then scab over again.
Bomeone recommended Cuticura Remedies.
We immediately procured a box of Ccticcra
(ointment), a cake of Ccticcra Soap, then
tried the Ccticcra Resolvent, and before
the bottle was half gone we saw a nuirked
change, and by the time it was gone, she waa
entirely cured urithout a scar being left. She
is now twelve years old, and has not had a
pimple or sign of blood trouble since.
Feb. 18, '98. Miss LILLIE CHASE, Bristol, Vt.
ToETCBIffO Disfioobiho Eczema, and every ipeciea
ofltchinc. Doming, ncaly, crusted, and pimply tkin and
acalp diieaiea, with dry, thin, and failing hair. Instantly
relieved and epredily cured by warm bcthn with Cfti-
OCB4 Soap, gentle anointing! with Cl'ticura. pureat of
emollient tkin curei, and mild doaetof Cuticcba Resol-
TCHT, greatest of humor caret, when all elie fall*.
Bold thronrhont the world. Puttee Dhi.o and Seh.
Cobf., Sole Fropa., Uoaton.
tf "Bow to Cure Erery Humor," mailed free.
politics himself, and thought he knew
his own mind. The Issue will be watch
ed with particular interest, and the
promise of a raising of the gold dust at
the Mint was never better.
Th^re is a tale of a trick turned In
the institution recently which is new
and good, although it has nothing to
do with the main wrangle. During a
rush in June caused by the necessity
of coining money for Manila twenty
extra women were hired, all of them
working daily from 8 to 6, this being
three hours overtime as time is reck
oned in Uncle Sam's mints. They con
tinued until June 26, when work was
suspended until July 6. Chief Adjuster
Montgomery, who adds to his other du
ties that of being a mouthpiece for
Spotts called them together the even
ing of the last day before vacation. He
complimented them highly on their ser
vice. He assured them that they were
the lovliest pirls ever employed. Nat
urally they thought this a prelude to an
offer of extra pay for their extra ser
vice. At the conclusion of his speech
Montgomery handed to each a piece of
paper. Each opened the document
hopefully. In each instance it was a
formal dismissal.
There is a sequel to this. At the
end of the vacation the women were
sent for and put in their old places.
They are filling these now. By a neat
subterfuge Spotts had stopped their
wages for ten days, and saved some
thing to enable his T'n^ie Sam to carry
on th" war. But the women wonder
why the m<n enjoyed the same vaca
tion on full pay.
REFUNDING WAS NOT
DEEMED EXPEDIENT
BIG SCHEME FOR A NEW HA-
WAIIAN BOND ISSUE.
New York Financiers Sent Repre
sentatives to Honolulu, but
They Failed to Carry Out
the Programme.
Henry Pearson, representing the Ed
ward C. Jones Company of New York, and
W. Stanton. representing a syndicate of
New York financiers, have just returned
from Honolulu, where they were engaged
In a vast business venture, which, how
ever, pn-yed unsuccessful. An attempt
was made to induce the Hawaiian govern
ment to refund the bond issue of $4,000,000
under the dynasty of Kalakaua.
These bonds were originally Issued for
twenty years with the option of pay
ment at the expiration of the tenth year.
The bonds drew six and a half per
cent. As soon as th»> issue was made Lon
don financiers absorbed the bonds as the
investment was considered very strong.
The first ten years have lapsed and little
HONORS FOR SCIENCE.
PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE, Who His Friends
Believe Wiil Be Appointed a Yosemite Val
leu Commissioner,
The friends of Professor Joseph Le Conte of the State University expect
that within the next few days he will be appointed a member of the Yo
scmite and Mariposa Big Tree Commissioners, to succeed Max Goldberg,
The members of the Sierra Club have been working hard and assiduously
to secure the place for Professor Le Conte, and they are confident that
their efforts will be crowned with success. The Governor has not yet given
an indication of his intentions, but Professor L.c Conte's friends believe
that he will be the successor of Commissioner Goldberg. It is thought
that the appointment will be made within the next three or four days.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, IS9B.
has been done to call in the bonds. For
tnis reason the syndicates, which both
Pearson and Stanton represent, sent them
to negotiate for the refunding of this
bonded debt. They offered to advance the
J4.000.000 and to pay a premium of $400,
000 If the Hawaiian government would ac
cept their terms. In addition to this they
proposed to lend $750,000 to call in a late
issue of bonds. The terms of the New
York financiers demanded the control of
a new bond issue for twenty years at the
rate of 4^ per cent interest per annum.
The Hawaiian Legislature passed a bill
for a new issue, but the conditions impos
ed were so unfavorable for the New
Yorkers that they refused to accept un
less an amendment wus made.
Pearson and Stanton evidently represent
financiers who saw an opportunity to
place big sums of money for a profitable
rate of interest on secure investments. It
lopks as if annexation was foreseen and
a venture was floated on the strength of
It.
The failure of the mission of the two
agents Is charged indirectly to the fervor
or the annexation spirit. Had the refund-
Ing of the Kalakaua issue been obtained
them bonds would have become United
States securities upon annexation.
A PREMATURE BLAST
BHINGS INSTANT DEATH
A QTJARRYMAN HURLED INTO
ETERNITY.
Was Affixing a Fu3e When the Ex
plosion Occurred — His Body-
Terribly Mangled.
Another life was lost yesterday through
the premature discharge of a blast. The
accident occurred in a quarry at South
San Francisco, and the man killed was
Foreman Burns.
It was about 4 o'clock in the afternoon
that the explosion took place. A large
body of rock in the side of the quarry
was drilled for the purpose of rending
it and Burns, who was In charge of that
part of the work, was preparing the
blast. He had placed the deadly explo
sive within the hole, and was about to
attach the fuse when, by some unknown
cause, the charge went off, and the un
fortunate man was hurled a distance of
100 yards. H»- must have been instantly
killed as nearly every bone in his body
w;:s broken and he was terribly mangled.
The deceased was formerly in the em
ploy Of Gray Bros, of this city, and al
ways bore the reputation nf being a care
ful and conscientious workman.
POPULIST DELEGATES.
Vacancies in the City's Representa-
tion to the State Convention
Filled Up.
The executive committee of the Peo
ple's party met last night to appoint del
egates for the vacancies in the list of
deli-gates for the State convention at
Sacramento. At the last meeting of the
city committee the executive committee
was empowered to nil all such vacancies
occurring by the Inability of the members
elected to attend. T. V. Cator was se
lected vice E. A. Street, Carleton H.
Johnson vice T. 11. Hatch, T. H. Porter
vice H. H. O'Hea. This will give the an
ti-fusionists a voice in the convention.
Illness of Ex-Appraiser Tucker.
James E. Tucker, ex-United States Ap
praiser of this port, is confined to his bed
by sickness at the residence of his wife's
mother. Airs. Bourn Sr., 2030 Broadway.
Since his retirement from office last Oc
tober Mr. Tucker har. shown signs of
overwork. He was able to look after his
affairs up to a month ago. when the col
lapse came and he was compelled to seek
rest and quiet. During the past week he
has shown si^ns of improvement, and
those attending him hope to be. able to
remove him t" St. Helena shortly.
A Wise Resolution.
Philip McGovern, 147 Cook street, was
arrested Friday night for betraying Lena
Rebstock, I&14 Central avenue, under
promise of marriage. A night's reflection
in prison made him resolve to marry the
grlrl, and an application was made to
Cupid Dan forth for the necessary license.
It was refused, as McOovern is only 20
years of age, but he soon obtained his
father's consent and the marriage took
place. The case was dismissed in the
Police Court.
Sues for a Divorce
William H. Toomy filed suit for divorce
yesterday from his wife, Eliza M. Toomy.
The plaintiff alleges cruelty as a cause
of action.
POPULISTS DO
NOT ADMIRE
EACH OTHER
The Party Said to Be Controlled
by Political Boodlers.
Bretz of Alameda Declares It to Be a Branch
of the Democracy for Fusion
Purposes.
The Populists of Alameda County have
not a very good opinion of themselves.
Some of their leaders have the worst kind
of opinion of Populism such as it is to
day. In the county convention held at
Grand Army Hall yesterday three-quar
ters of the many hours the session lasted
were passed in quarreling and in heaping
ridicule upon themselves.
M. D. Hougham, a delegate from the
Forty-eighth Assembly District, openly
declared that the party in that county to
day Is being run by a gang of boodlers
and office-hunters who have no regard
whatever for the principles of the party
they profess to serve.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz openly declared
that he did not wish to be a State Central
Committee man, because as such he would
be assessed probably $50, which would be
equivalent to a donation to the Demo
cratic party.
The two factions — fuslonists and middle
of-the-road-men—were about evenly di
vided, with perhaps a spare vote or two in
favor of the fuslonlsts. F. J. Gregory led
the Maguire fusion faction, while A. A.
Bretz championed Populism. Those two
men are both editors; each Issues a week
ly paper, and the battle between them
lasted through several ballots. The real
test of the strength of the two factions
came with the election of State Central
Conunitteeman. J. L. Moore and Douglas
Fowler were elected on the lirst ballot.
The choice <>f the third man lay betw< en
Gregory, Bretz and B. F. Cathoun. Two
or three? ballots were taken without a
choice, and then Bretz withdrew. No
notice was taken of his withdrawal, and
the battle continued till a motion was en
tertained and carried to drop the lowest
man of the three (Calhoun). Another bal
lot was taken, but before it was counted
Brelz positively withdrew. There was an
Idea prevalent that be had been beaten,
and the friends of Gregory evidently
wanted to havo it known, so they forced
the counting of the ballot, and it was
found that Uregory had obtained just one
vote more than was necessary to a choice.
The fusionists elected D. T. Fowler chair
man.
Every possible advantage was taken to
provoke a debate. John G elder, even after
a recess had been proposed, asked permis
sion to address the delegates and to con
demn the manner in which a certain fac
tion hud demoralized the party and deliv
ered it to the Democrats. After a few
moments of vivid oratory condemning the
fusionlsts, Mr. (Welder sat down. M. D.
Hougham fired some redhot shot at the
fusionlsts, and his ideas were shared by
most of the older element in the conven
tion.
Charley White, son of the Sheriff, was
a stanch supporter of the fusion people
and with him were most of the younger
element. Including Attorney Meyer and
J. Aubrey Jones.
Mr. Mover was fortified In his attack
against Sretz with an extract from Mr.
Bretz's paper, which rend: "Notwith
standing the supreme and bitter contempt
in which the writer holds the Republican
party, he will In the event of fusion sun
port it by ballot and pen. He will do
everything in his power to defeat fusion."
Mr. Bretz declared that he still harbored
the sentiments and that anybody who
wanted to Join the Democrats could do
s»o and renounce playing the game of Pop
uiistlc hypocrisy.
J. W. button was on hand distributing
pome of his clever little poems. One nr
two of the compositions of the ex-deputy
sheriff contained merit enough to suggest
that Mr. Dutton could put his talent to
better use than practicing itinerant popu
lism.
Samuel Heller, the largest Populist—cor
poreally—in the county was on the floor,
nut the atmosphere was so warm that he
did not make a single Bpeech. In this re
spect he was unique In the convention.
I "Old Pard" Bassett-had very little to say;
in fact Mr. Bassett Is not so much of a
speaker as a writeT, and Populists in
conventions, especially in Alameda Coun
ty, have not patience enough to listen to
writings. George Toyne, the silver cham
pion from Haywards, who has lived in
this county many years, but still retains
his Yorkshire dialect, was one of the sec
retaries and was so engrossed with his
work that he did not realize until the con
vention had adjourned that he had not
made half the speeches he has prepared
since the last county convention.
M. D. Hougham spoke at some length on
I a motion to curtail tht; number of county
I committeemen at large. He declared that
a large committee waa not necessary and
was cumbersome. Then Mr. Hougham
launched out. He declared that boodlers
and selfish people had come into the party
and had disorganized it for their own per
sonal ends. He charged that these were
willing to do anything for any party pro
vided they could serve themselves. Mr.
Hougham said many bitter things against
the fusion section of the party, but men
tioned no names, although his descriptions
were so detailed that those on the floor
must have had an inkling of the identity
of the delegates to whom he referred.
W. R. Batten also saw a very blue fu
ture for the party. He declared that there
were only a few of them left and that
they were so divided among themselves
that the smallec and *more efficient the
county committee, the better it would be
for all ooncerni-d.
The county committee, as elected by the
different Assembly districts, Is a.s follows:
Forty-sixth District— Georg-e Toyrie, G. W.
Kraft, N. P. Nelson, M. K. Lyle, Mr. Vai.
Horn.
Flrty-soventh District— G. R, Reid, N. J.
Mariaon, J. Aubrey Jones, J. E. Taylor, R. B.
Meyer.
Forty-eighth District— A. M. Stoddard, P. B.
Pr.-ble. F. J. Gregory, C. White, J. D. Shep
pard.
Forty-ninth District— Robert Steuart. F T.
Hale. W. R. Batten, Dr. J. V. Oberg, J.
Fiftieth District— Dr. HeBMl, A. Hoenlsch,
B. C. Allyn, Mr. Grimmlns, J. Nichols.
Fifty-first District— A. C. Kruper. J. C. Es
tey, M. L. Gray, J. L. Pallnbaum, J. M.
Doyle.
At Large— P. F. Fowler, J. M. Moore, O. M.
Sanford, W. M. Cubery, Charles Husband, Dan
Stuurt, Green Majors.
The resolutions were in accordance with
the Popullstic doctrine of initiative and
referendum, and declared for a more gen
eral expression of the popular will re
garding laws and all public questions,
concluding as follows:
We advocate peace through the success of
American arms li the present Spanish-Ameri
can war that Is being waged In the Interests
of the downtrodden people of unhappy Cuba,
and we sincerely hope that peace will be uni
j venal and perpetual. And in this connection
| we unalterably condemn the Issue of Interest
bearing bonds by this Government in times of
either peace or war, and demand that all ex
tra and extraordinary expenses of this Gov
ernment be borne by the- Issuance of lull legal
tender. non-interest bearing Government pa
per money.
The delegates elected to~ttie~Sacramen
to convention, to meet next Tuesday, are:
r->rty-sixth District— G. W. Kraft, Dr. A.
Ilauber, W. Gregory, Llverniore. ;•--»•■■
Forty-seventh r>!«»trlct— Green Majors, O. R.
Read and John Anlirey Jones.
Forty-eighth District— Charles White, J. M.
Baspett and F. J. Gregory-
Forty-ninth District— J. U. Oberg, W. R.
Hatten, Robert Stewart.
Fiftieth District- Dr. R. Hesse, Sam Heller
and B. C. Allyn.
Fifty-first District— B. F. Calhoun, Dr. A. T.
rhilds. Burdette Cornell; J. L. Pallnbaum, al
• ternate.
I At large— A. A. ttretz and D. T. Towler.
The County Central Committee 'Organ
ized last evening: with D. F. Prowler as
chairman, find Burrkite Cornell secre
tary. Ar. effort was made to have the
delegates to the State Convention In
structed to support Fusion and Maguire,
but it did not succeed.
COLLECTED IN
J. Pragrpr of Seattle is at the Baldwin.
W. 11. Harlow of Tula re is at the
Grand.
Jacob Neff of Colfax is stopping at the
Palace.
Dr. W. A. Gaston, wife and child are at
the Grand.
J. A. Rice of Ventura is Btaying at the
Occidental.
T. J. Nichols of Auburn is registered at
the Palace.
Herman Haenssler, wife and family are
at the Grand.
Percy Davis and wife of Coulterville are
at the Grand.
H. T. Foindexter of Palo Alto is a guest
at the Palace.
W. A. Chapman of Colusa Is stopping
at the Baldwin.
Edward R. Swain has gone to San Ra
fael for the season.
L. C. Jones and wife of Santa Rosa are
staying at the Rusb.
A. C. Bush. Sheriff of Sierra County, is
stopping at the Russ.
O Everybody
Otnows IMUie Whlt-
O tier, so a descrip
q sonal appearance
- Is unnecessary ;
q but as there are
a number o f
young men In town who bear the same
name, It will be well to make sure of the
Identity and mention that it is Billie
Whlttier, the short. As a man about town
1 SHE WISHED
» SHE HAD
> NOT SPOKEN.
>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THREE
SPECIAL
BARGAINS!
During the entire month of July, and
prior to our semi-annual stock-taking, we
will offer SPECIAL BARGAINS in all our
departments.
This week* we have placed on sale
the following extraordinary cheap lines :
75 pieces Double-width Novelty DRESS GOODS, in BAYA-
DERES, CHECKS, STRIPES, PLAIDS and MIXTURES, all
* . this season's importations.
Price, 25c Yard.
Former prices 50c, 60c and 75c yard.
600 pieces best quality DOMET TENNIS FLANNEL, all hand-
some styles, in PLAIDS, STRIPES, CHECKS and plain
colors, all new goods.
Price, T2C Yard.
Regular value 10c yard.
50 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with extra heavy fringes,
full 3 yards in length. They are in the following
; colors : REDS, OLIVES, BLUES, BROWNS and MYRTLE.
Price, $3.00 Pair.
Regular value $4.50 pair.
NOTE.— We have also received and will place on
sale this week three cases best quality COTTON COVERT
CLOTHS, and a large shipment of extra quality WHITE
CORDED ENGLISH PIQUES.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
his reputation is unstained and immac
ulate. He has been everything from a
gentleman Jockey to a bantam-weight
leader of society— at least, the people who
who pass him on the street and do not
know just who he is placo him in one or
the other of those categories of male hu
manity. But not many days since he was
grossly insulted, and the passions of fury
and anger that were generated in his
breast in consequence are not yet purged.
Mr. Whittier is proud of many of his pos
sessions, but there is one who is dearer
to him than the fabied treasures of the
Arabian Nights" tales, and that is his
wife. This is evidenced by the unfaltering
acquiescence of the husband in regard to
the wife's dressmaking bills. Mrs. Whit
tier has been passing a great portion of
her time at the fashionahle modistes' of
late, and Mr. Whittier, wishing to see her
on important business, and not finding her
at home, started out one afternoon last
week in the direction of the modiste's
establishment. Upon reaching the place
he knocked at the door, which was almost
Immediately opened. A woman, with all
the insignia of her occupatiun about her,
the measure thrown around her nock, with
its dangling ends in front, and in her
right hand dangerous - looking shears,
which she opened and closed in a menac
ing manner, stood before him. Billie was
about to give utterance to a few choice
thoughts preparatory to an Inquiry for
his wife, but he was deprived of this fling
at eloquence. The modiste was abrupt,
and, with withering emphasis, she said:
"Who are you? I didn't ring for a mes
senger-boy." And now Mrs. Whittier
patronizes another modiste.
H. E. Barber, a capitalist of Stockton,
is staying at the Grand.
E. H. Raymond and wife of Colusa are
stopping at the California,
T. M. Brown of Eureka, Sheriff of Hum
boldt County, is at the Russ.
Walter R. Kirkham and G. 11. Shaw of
Montana are staying at the Russ.
Major and Mrs. F. W. Hess, son and
daughter, are registered at the Occiden
tal.
T. F. Fitzgerald, Pacific Coast passen
ger agent of the Texas and Pacitlc road,
is stopping at the Occidental.
S. K. Hooper, traffic manager of the
Denver and Rio Grande, and wife arrived
last night from Denver and are stopping
at the Occidental.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, July 9.— John F. Har
court of San Francisco is at the Ven
dome; A. B. Bowers of Sun Francisco is
at the Imperial.
Supervisors Sit as Equalizers.
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday
as a Board of Equalization to pass upon
the application made by property-owners
who asked for a reduction of the assess
ment levied by Assessor Siebe. All of the
applications came from property-owners
•who have, been assessed frum J.IOO to SiuOO.
In a few instances the reductions asked
for were allowed, but fully 90 per cent of
the original assessments were allowed to
stand. No complaints have- thus far been
received from the corporations, and but
few if any protests will be made. The
Supervisors will meet again to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock to pass upon the
applications not heard yesterday.
Threats Against Life.
Prank Raymond, saloon-keeper, 520 Pa
cific street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Mohan's court yesterday for the arrest
of his partner, Constantino Maria de
Mendonca, on a charge of threats to kill.
The two partners have not been on
friendly terms for some time, and about
a month ago De Mendonca was arrested
on a similar charge, but the caße was
dismissed. Since then he has renewed his
threats.
Ladies" tailor-made suits: latent designs; we
Rive credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
Charged With Larceny.
Two young men. giving their names as
John Kelly and William Eiban, were ar
rested last evening and charged with
grand larceny. Several days ago they
rented a horse and wagon valued at $100
from J. W. Morsehead. a stable-keeper .it
16 Clay street, ostensibly for the purpose
of going into the peddling business. Aft<>r
Laving the stable the men drove to Slo
cum's livery stable on Golden Gate av
enue, -where they sold the horse and
wagon for $r,O.
Last evening they were picked up on
Howard street by Police Officer Riordan
and taken to the City Prison.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
! ! |f {ill} \'owm-
ft ODD PIECES ft
<Q Are not at &11 oat of our line. Take the above §
w for example. They are specials next week— w
g in oak only. «
™ Combined comfort with elegance is shown **
ft in our stock -at all times. ft
ft OUR PRICES LOWER THAN CASH HOUSES. ft
» a/. NOON AN, »
£( ' Complete House-Furnisher, «
$ 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., «
« Above Sixth. Cj
Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ■«
ftftftftftftftftftftftftftOQQjQft
Here are -qme reasons ..hy you
should buy your Eye-Glasses or Spec-
tacles from us:
We have perfect facilities.
We have a large stock to select from.
We give the lest and quickest service.
OPTICIANS^ APPARATUS.
..„.. HiOTUUn SCIENT|F|C H
642 Market St.. instruments
unoER ChohiCls BuilOmb '
Moeta
Cfyaiidoii
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) of
exceptional bouquet and dryness.
—COURT JOURNAL
DRMOTLTCf
Sfh?-e-3?to I ?ab reasonable/ Hours. 0 toB
*• ROM • 4 MeXtri/ITY, 51. J>..
263* KSABNY S'iitEfiT, SAN FRANCISCO, OALTHE FORTUNES OF MORTON EDWARDS AND THE FEATURES OF MISS MISS FLOOD
I -mil J
3EXTT-PIVE years ago, when the worm was younger and. according to
some persons, fairer, purer, goodlier, podlier. and altogether a better
Place to Live in than it is to-day. Morton Andrew Edwardi came into
it to take his portion of its sweets and sours.
The circumstances (surrounding his arrival were propitious. tt«
b l ood wag i his family prosperous. lie was the ard-
B on of a counti man who forsook his native shire- to study art on the
Continent under Van Huysen. and returned to London to mal • a name s tor
himself as r landscapes, a member of the First Society of ArtißW
in London, and Instructor at Kensington Palace to their Royal HI
the daughters of George the Third. Dying, he bequeathed his mantle to his
John, who used it for his gentlemanly amusement throughout a.
re and handed it down to his sons h« n turn, passed
generation to their nephew, Morton An. '.row Edwards.
The father of this lad a worthy man of inartistic tendency, a member of
nn ,, of the .civi "1 a freeman of the city of London, had early
departed from the traditions of his house to enter the stock broking business,
in which he was associated with the older Rothschild and out of which he
realized a very handsome fortune. Slighted by heredity of the family gift
he was flattered to find it in his son. He gave freely to its cultivation.
He apprenl boy in good old English fashion, at the age of fourteen.
lr a sculi -al distinction, and at the expiration of his artlcl.
nticeship. pave him a year or so in the London studios of Baily and
Marochetto. both at the.height of their Royal Academician reputations, and
later entered him as pupil under the famous Behnes, that modeler in ex-
ary to crowns and titles, Sir Thomas Lawrence of sculptors, gentle
ftnd , [tioner, to whose block came the gracious heads of the
two Georges the Dukes of Cambridge, Clarence. York and Cumberland, the
Princess Victoria and h->- Papa the Duke, and her Mamma the Duche
Kent the Fitzroys and the Fitzclarences and all the sisters, cousins, aunts.
, h ; g nf royalty on the risht and the wrong side of the blan
ket | .reign Princes, Princesi j. Barons. Counts. Ambassa
dor s ' . lords, ladies, squires, dames, damozels and little children
trious contemplation of all these erent people and the
xecution in marble, bronze and plaster. Morton Andrew
n the Continent like his great-grandfather before him b
vhai he miphi £ ■ - Parts. He went first to the studio oi John
sh from the chiU influence of the frigid Behnes
. :tim to the teachings of the master of color in sculp
ihe tinted Venus and other painted sods, learned the false
Men stains the chastity of marble and makes human the divinities of
md in all his later years never quite recovered from the fever caught
Then came his studious lingering:? over Europe, and the fruits of these.
exhibited season after season at the Royal Academys. the Society Institutes,
and the Internationals at London, so that while he worked abroad through
Italy France Belgium. Bavaria, Austria. Switzerland. Holland. Germany and
RumL hla reputation got home to London and made his coming a matter
And as success succeeds even in the bosom of its own family and blood
jg no . prosperity, his father, who had patronized his son's gift
in it« teens met it respectfully in its brilliant young manhood, and invited it
to lodge with him under the paternal roof at 5 George Street, Hanover
And here Morton Andrew Edwards had his first studio in London,
and here R< yalty found him out.
Her Majesty, Queen Victoria, was pleased to sit to him in the Royal
person f<>r the Royal bust— which may be seen any day at Windsor by any
body who has the privilege of the Palace doors. And after his Royal Mamma
came 11. R. H. the Prince of Wales, in his uniform of the Tenth Hussars, to
sit three times n Andrew Edwards for a bust of himself to be exe
marhle for the Middle Temple Hall.
And when it was whispered about in Court circles and then mentioned
aloud by the Court Circular, the Morning Post, the Art Student, the Art
Journal, th<-> P.uilder, the Morning Star, the News, the Telegraph and the
Times, that their Royal Highnesses of Wales had expressed themselves as
pleased with the excellence of the likeness and the spirited execution of the
bust of H. R. H., Just finished for the Middle Temple Hall by Mortc .1 An
drew Edwards, S< ulptor, that they had invited the artist to a private audi
ence at Marlborouah House. that therethe gentle Princess and idol of the Eng
lish people had given him her gracious hand and accepted from him a min
iature in Parian of th<- bust which was to grace the Middle Temple Hall,
then the fashion of being modeled by Morton Andrew Edwards was fairly
pet in Ltpndon town and the Nobility, the Army, the Navy, the Church, the
Htate, the Bench and the Bar ran like sheep to the doors of No. a George
Street, Hanov-r Square.
Orders came here for duplicates of the bust of H. R. H., Prince of Wales,
in his uniform of the Tenth H.i^sars, for the Town Hall, Toronto, Canada,
for the Civil Service Rifle Volunteers, Somerset House, for the Guards Club,
the Art Union and the Society of Arts, London; orders came here for the
heads, bust and full length figures of celebrities, dead and alive; for the busts,
figures and medallions, in marble and in bronze, of all sorts of compara
tively insignificant persons who burned to figure in the fashion along with
the titled and the great.
And perhaps in the flush r,f worldly success and the broad glare of swift
popularity the artist slipped away from the old ideals the doubtful hopes
end loving fears, the proud humility, the passionate desire, with which youth
approaches the feet of Art. A Bleeping Diana conceived in Rome slept on
half modeled in her clay. A group of joyous Bacchantes gathered dust on
their plaster curls in a corner of the studio. A hundred fancies born along
the ways the master's feet have worn smooth, in the shadow of great
works, among the gods of Greece, were laid away to wait for the hour and
the inspiration, while good Queen Anne and John of Maryborough were
finished in bronze for Blenheim Palace; and after them the First
Earl of Stanhope in marble for Chevering Hull in Kent; and "
after him Dr. Talt, Archbishop of Canterbury. f,, r Lambeth Pal
ace; a bronze of Thomas Clarkson, abolitionist, for Wisbeach
Museum; a marble of Sir James Gordon, K. c. jj., last Gov
ernor of Greenwich Hospital; and after thf«o likenesses
in bronze and marble, busts, full length figur< ■« and
medallions, respectively, of Lord Chief Baron
Kelly; Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, Field Mar
shal Lord Combermere, Gold Stick in Wait-
Ing, Colonel of First Life Guards and High
Constable of the Tower; Dr. Jackson,
Bishop of London; Lord Palmerston for
Tivering Town Hall; the Right Honor
able W. ]■;. Gladstone; Benjamin Dis
raeli, Lord Beaconsfield; Cardinal Man
ning, John Bright, Chevalier Bronson,
the Karl .if Elgin; Capar Fiferliiv . .V
R. ; Field Marshal the Duke of Wel
lington; Sir Lawrence reel, Mr. Pea
. Lord Jnhn Manners and Richard
Cobden, Lord Lyndhurst; and some
greater and some lesser men, but all
busy, crowding, paying, fashionable
folk in wonderfully fine uniforms and
■v igs and gowns who came In great
s to be modr!<'d by Morton An
!Mwards, or sont their card by
pompous men in livery, before whom
Art h ;;iped away on sweet, bare feet
and Carrie no more to No. 5 George
Street, Hanover Square.
About this time the "Illustrated News
Of The World And Drawing Room
Portrait Gallery Of Eminent Person
ages" demoted its first page and a
column or so rTf its second to "a brie
biography <-f the famous young sculp
tor, Mr. Morton Andrew Edwards," an
an illustration f his studio, where!
the artist, surrounded by his works <
art-^-the bust of h. r. h. in the cente
— was depicted in the act of reeeivin
visitors i?i tin- frock coats and Palsle
Shawls of the period, while bloused ap
prentices worked in the background
and a private secretary scribbled bus
Jly at his d^sk, doubtless answering
*he letters of distinguished personages.
And presently the studio at No. 6
"THE CENTRAL FIGURE WAS OF FORTUNE, WITH THE HORN ■ OF PLENTY AT HER FEET."
BY
ALICE RIX
George Street. Hanover Square, grew too small to hold the heads and busts
and life-size plaster casts of all who came to be modeled by Morton Andrew
Edwards, and the young sculptor built unto himself an atelier and a houseof
his own at South Kensington, furnished it with the entire Behnes collection,
then offered at private sale and at a fabulous figure, and with such other
matters of use and ornament as were suited to his taste and means, and
after a few years' occupancy sold this dwelling- and studio for twenty thou
sand pounds and leased a larger establishment in a more central part of Lon
don.
In IS6I ho was elected a member of the Society of Arts. In 1562 he was
made one of ihe Guarantors of the Internationa] Exhibition in London; in
1564 he assisted in founding the Society of Sculptors, became its Honorary
Secretary and later Its Presi&eWt. In the same year he purchased and edited
the Sculptors' JournaJ «nd for some time contributed largely to its pages. In
the Beveral succeeding years he continued to execute statues, busts, groups,
medallions, models and monumental works to the number of many hundreds,
exhibiting constantly at ihe Society Institutes, the Royal Academies, the So
ciety of British Artists and the London Internationals, and receiving in addi
tion to large compensation for works sold medals in gold, silver and bronze,
prizes and honorable mentions innumerable.
In 1876 he went on the Continent for his health, which war broken by
a hereditary rheumatic trouble, aggravated by studio work. London deplored
his absence. The Court Circular kept a journal of his voyage. Distinguished
personages had to get themselves photographed while he was abroad. They
besieged him with fresh orders on his return. He picked and chose among
them, as was now his privilege to do, and refused more sittings than he
gran! <i.
In I*7B he married a beautiful Welsh girl and revived his memories of
Greek art. His sleeping Diana was finished and sent that year to the In
ternational Exhibition. His Bacchanal group was taken from its corner,
dusted and replaced, and a chaste and noble figure of Charity conceived, exe
cuted and sold to the Canadian Government to be placed in a public square.
It was followed by several smaller figures in marble, delicate, graceful, ten
der, humorous, happy. Tanagra-like. Then came an Aphrodite in colored
marble which was shown at the Royal Academy and purchased by the De
,,. . ;il ,n; O f «, iences and Arts for the South Kensington Museum. At the
next Society Institute he showed several statuettes in Parian of exquisite
delicacy and a beautiful draped figure of a woman with a little child at her
breast and a lamb at her feet, to which he gave no name and for which he
would accept no price. A figure of Hermione in tinted marble, exhibited at
the Royal Academy of the following year, he also refused to sell. He
had reached that heaven of the artist wherein he might keep his best for
himseU". Then his health failed again and London society and London
Art Exhibitions knew him no mere. Distinguished personages knocked
Exhibitions knew him no more. Distinguished personages knocked at
his doors in vain. Morton Andrew Edwards had lost his taste for distin
! personages. It is not recorded of him that he found it again until
"he canie to California and modeled the features of Miss Jennie Flood.
In the year 18S6, James C. Flood erected in San Francisco two
monuments to that wealth which had made his name known in the
land from which he wrested his possessions — one, a family resi
dence at the corner of Mason and California streets, and one,
an office building, at the corner of Market and Fourth. At the
suggestion of his architect. Augustus Layer, Mr. Flood de
cided to decorate his residence with ornamental urns and his
office building with groups of statuary which should ade
quately represent his interests in the wheat, wine and gold
products of the State. For the larger of the groups Mr. Layer
suggested a central figure of Fortune, with the horn of
Plenty at her feet, Bacchus to her right hand and Ceres
to her left, and it was decided that the features of the
central figure of Fortune should in some measure re
semble the features of Jennie, the only daughter of the
house of Flood.
At this time Morton Andrew Edwards was so
journing in San Francisco. He had paused to
tarry for a night on his way around the world
and been advised by cable from England of
the loss of his fortune, swept away by the
failur e of certain companies i:i which it was
invested. His letters of credit, amounting
to a few thousand dollars, such of his
personal belongings as his trunks car
ried, and what could be realized from
the sale of his furniture and effects in
London, represented all his assets.
Hearing that statuary would be re
quired for the Flood dwelling and office
building, he called on Augustus Layer,
architect for Jar*»ea L. Flood, and put
in a bid to furnish it. Mr. Layer asked
for some guarantee of ability. Unfor
tunately, Mr. Edwards had not a copy
of "The London Illustrated News And
Drawing Room Portrait Gallery Of
Eminent Personages" in his pocket. He
offered to submit designs in accordance
with suggestionr from Mr. Layer.
These designs were finished, submitted
and offered, and on the fourteenth of
July, ISS6, a contract was entered into
between Conlin & Roberts, Metal Cor
nice contractors, parties of the first
part, and Morton A. Edwards, party of
the second part, whereby Morton A.
Edwards did agree to design and exe
cute in clay and plaster^ two groups of
statuary, together with all the white
metal castings that might be necessary
for the proper execution of said two
groups of statuary, and place the same
in position with the necessary bolts,
braces and fastenings on designated
points of Janes C. Flood's building,
then in course of erection at the south
west corner of Market and Fourth
streets, in the City and County of San
, Francisco, State of California — all of
said work to be done to the entire sat
isfaction of the architect, Augustus
I. aver, and Conlin & Roberts, contrac
tors, for the sum of Three Thousand
Four Hundred and Fifty ($3450) Dol
lars in United States Gold Coin, in pay
ments to be made as follows:
First — On completion of group of
three figures in clay and approved by
the architect— s3oo.
Second — On completion of first and
second groups in plaster — $1000.
Third — On delivery of white metal
casting at the building— slooo.
Fourth — On setting of first group in
position to satisfaction of architect —
Fifth— On setting of second group in
position and completion of entire work
and Its acceptance by architect— sßso.
The above work to be completed on
or before the 31st of December, 1886.
This contract was regular in form,
legal in expression, binding in particu
lar. On the strength of it Morton An
drew Edwards invested all the money
he had in the necessary preparations
for the work. Finding no studio in San
Francisco large enough for the purposes
of modeling on the heroic scale, he
rented a stable in the vicinity of Lar
kin and California streets, and had the
roof raised, fitted it with studio lights,
purchased the requisite number of tons
of clay and barrels of plaster, weights
of iron and of zinc, ordered various ap
Continued on I'age Twenty-six.18
WILL RAISE
THE STARS AND STRIPES
OVER HAWAII
Admiral Miller has been appointed by the United States Government to raise the
stars and stripes over the new tsrrltorp of Hawaii.
THE distinguished honor of raising
the Stars and Stripes over the
islands of the Hawaiian republic,
upon the final completion of an-
nexation to the United States, has
fallen to the lot of Rear Admiral Joseph
N". Miller. He will sail for Honolulu
July 20 on the United States cruiser
Philadelphia. Work on the Philadelphia
is being rushed for the voyage.
The United States ship Mohican is
now at Honolulu, and, with the Ben
nington, will participate in the demon
stration. It may be possible that the
Philippine troops to sail on the City
of Puebla and the Peru on Tuesday or
Wednesday next will be ordered to re
main at Honolulu until after the hoist
ing of the American flag. The famous
New York First Regiment is already on
the way here to be stationed on the
islands. In that event there will be
quite a military and naval display. A
regiment of infantry and two batteries
of artillery will very likely be sent to
Honolulu to participate in the celebra
tion. The annexation proceedings may
occupy some time, thus giving the
Philadelphia an opportunity after all to
be present at the union of the two re
publics.
It was on Friday that Rear Admiral
Miller received word from Washington
that he is to be the naval representa
tive of the United States at the annexa
tion ceremonies and raise the American
colors over the newly acquired terri
tory. Just what form of ceremony will
be followed in the setting up of our na
tional standard is not yet definitely
known, it being a somewhat unprece
dented event In the history of our
country. S<.-me .detailed instructions
are of coarse expected from Washing
ton by Hear Admiral Miller, but the
probability is that the arrangement of
the programme will Le left largely to
his discretion, acting, of course, in con
junction with United States Minister
Bewail, who will retain his office until
the islands arc absolutely annexed. The
culmination of that event may be de
termined by the five commissioners ap
pointed by the President, and who will
decide how the new territory is to be
governed, they, of course, receiving In
structions from the Department of
State.
The commission which will carefully
study the n^eds of the Hawaiian* and
frame the necesary laws for the future
government of that Teritory is made
up of Senators Cullom and Morgan,
Representative Hltt, President Dole
and Associate Justice Frear of the Ha
waiian Supreme Court.
It is understood that a Territorial
form of government will be framed,
which contemplates a Legislature, with
full power to enact laws for local gov
ernment, and executive officers who will ■
control land and international affairs.
A postofflce inspector, who will make a
report on the needs of the Hawaiian
office, is already on his way there from
Washington. It is thought that it j
may take the commission a year to i
draft the form of government for the
new Territory.
The outline cf the annexation pro
ceedings and the flag-raising ceremony,
according to the ideas of Rear Admiral
Miller, who has already given the mat- !
ter considerable thought, is substan
tially as follows:
United States Minister Sewall and ;
the Hawaiian Government will be |
formally notified of the action of the '
Congress of the United States, and
a day will be fixed on which the
President and members of the Ha- j
waiian Government will assemble
with their troops at the executive
building. The United States Gov- j
ernment will be represented by its j
JVlinister, and the commander-in-chief
of the naval forces and the officers
and men of his command. The five
commissioners, if appointed in time,
will be present and the proclamation
of the President of the United States,
together with his instructions, will
be read to the assembly by Minister
Sewall. The President of the Ha
waiian republic will then make the
announcement that the transfer of
the islands to the United States is
in accordance with the approval of
the people through their legislative
representatives, the resolutions of the
American Congress of course having
meantime been accepted by the Ha
waiian Legislature. This action on
the part of the Legislature can be
quickly taken, but if that body is
not in session it will have to be spe
cially convened, and this may delay
the flag-hoisting climax a week or
two.
When all this preliminary busi
ness has been completed the Ha
waiian flag will be saluted for the
last time, and then hauled down by
President Dole, never to be raiseci
again, except, perhaps, on anniver- ,
sary day, as a souvenir of this im
portant epoch in tlie history of the
islanders. In its place Rear Admiral
Miller will hoist the stars and '
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
Th|E GOVERNMENT HOUSE, HONOLULU, WHERE THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER WILL BE RAISED BY ODMIRAL j
MILLER WHEN HE TAKES POSSESSION OF THE TERRITORY FOR THE UNITED STATES.
stripes, which will be given an en
thusiastic salute.
The moment our flag is unfurled
to the breeze, indicating that another
star has been added to the Federal
constellation, President Dole will, in
all probability, become Governor of
the new territory by virtue of a com
which will be presented to him then
and there by Rear Admiral Miller
or Minister Sewall.
Then there will be cheers, clasping of
hands, patriotic music and eloquent and
stirring speeches, followed, of course,
by a banquet at which no doubt cham
pagne will materially contribute to the
happiness and hilarity of the occasion.
The sum of $100,000 has been appro
priated by Congress to pay the expenses
<>f the commission and the transfer, and
it is but fair to presume that a portion
of this money will be expended in the
jollification in honor of "Old Glory's"
new .star — the gem of the Pacific.
Rear Admiral Miller, the ranking offi
cer in the navy, on whom the honor of
hoisting our Hag over Hawaii falls, has
had a long and honorable and eventful
career in the navy, extending over a
period of forty-seven years. Pie was
born in Springfield, Ohio, in 1836. Re
ceiving a high school education, he was
appointed to the N%val Academy as
acting midshipman October 1, 1851,
graduating in June, 1854, and standing
No. 3 in his class and first in mathe
matics. For the next two years or
more young Miller served on board the
flagship Independence in the Pacific
Bquadron. It was forty-three years ago
that he came around the Horn to San
Francisco on the Independence, which
since 1X56 has been d<ring duty as a re
ceiving ship and has been for many
years located at Mare Island Navy
Yard.
After this cruise Miller was ordered
to duty .it the Naval Academy in the
department of ethics and English stud
ies. From November, 1858, to Septem
ber, 1860, he served on the Preble, being
In the Paraguay expedition and in the
home squadron, assisting in the cap
ture crt the steamers General Miramon
and Marquis de la Habana off Vera
Cruz, Mexico, on March 6, 1860.
Returning to the Naval Academy at
HOW THE STARS AND STRIPES
WERE RAISED OVER ALASKA, 1867
/"""N N Friday, the 18th of October,
) I 1867, the Russian and United
j I States Commissioners, Captain
V_/ Alexei Pestchourof and General L.
H. Rousseau, escorted by a com
pany of the Ninth Infantry, landed at
Novo Arkhangelsk, or Sitka, from the
United States steamer John L. Ste
phens. Marching to the Governor's resi
dence they were drawn up side by side
with the Russian garrison on the sum
mit of the rock where floated the Rus
sian flag; "whereupon," writes an
eye-witness of the proceedings,
"Captain Pestchourof ordered the Rus
sian flag hauled down, and thereby,
with brief declaration, transferred and
delivered the territory of Alaska to the
United States; the garrison presented
arms and the Russian batteries and
our men-of-war fired the international
salute; a brief reply of acceptance was
made as the Stars and Stripes were run
up and similarly saluted, and we stood
upon the soil of the United States."
Thus, without further ceremony,
without evening banqueting or speech
; making, this vast area of land, belong
the end of this cruise he remained
there as an instructor until the break
ing out of the civil war in IS6I, when
he was ordered to the brig Perry, then
fitting out in New York. This vessel
was employed in blockade duty, and on
June 3, 1861, captured off Charleston
the privateer Savannah, which sailed
under the first letter of marque issued
by the Southern Confederacy. In No
vember., 1861, Miller was transferred
to the steamer Cambridge as executive
officer, and was in the action in which
the Cumberland and the Congress
were destroyed by the Merrimac March
12, 1862. In May he was transferred to
tho training ship John Adams, and in
August at his own application for ac
tive service he was assigned to the
monitor Passaic, having been pro
moted to the rank of lieutenant com
mander.
While attached to the Passaic he par
ticipated in the naval attack on Fort
McAllister, in March, 1863, and in the
attack on Fort Sumter in April. In
June he was assigned to duty with Ad
miral Gregory, superintending the con
struction of Ironclads at New York,
and in Septen.ber he was sent on the
ironclad Saugamon to assist in block
ading Charleston.
Lieutenant Miller was given «his first
active war command, the monitor Na
hant, in April. 1864, and the next month
took part with that ship in an attack
on Fort Sumter. Later, while on the
monitor Monadnock, he was engaged
in both attacks on Fort Fisher, in De
cember, 1864, and January, 1865.
After the war he was successively
head of the Denartments of Seaman
ship and Knglish Studies, until In Sep
tember, 1867, he was ordered to the
steamer Powhattan in the South Pacific
squadron and served on t!.at vessel in
the "~>n rifle and Gulf of Mexico until
January, 1870, when he was promoted
to commander. After a short stay at
the New York navy yard Commander
ing by right to neither, was transferred
from one European race to the offshoot
of another.
No sooner had the transfer been
made than General Davis demanded
the barracks for his troops, taking pos
session, moreover, of all the buildings,
and this, although the improvements
of whatever kind were undoubtedly the
property of the Russian-American
Company, the Russian Government
having no right whatever to transfer
them.
In "Whymper's Alaska" and in some
of the Pacific Coast newspapers it is
stated that the Russian flag, when be
ing lowered, clung to the yard-arm. The
following version of the affair was pub
lished at the time: "A sailor was or
dered up the flagstaff, and had actually
to cut the flag into shreds before he
could take it down. "When the Amer
ican flag reached the top of the staff it
hung lifeless, until, at the first boom
of the saluting Russian artillery, it
gave a convulsive shudder, and at the
second gun it shook out its starry folds
and proudly floated in the breeze." —
From "Bancroft's History of Alaska,"
Miller was ordered as chief of staff to
the South Pacific station, serving in
that capacity until December, 1572, and
also for a considerable period as com
mander of the Ossipee.
In November. 1873. after a short ser
vice as executive officer of tht naval
station at "New London and as assist
ant hydrographer in Washington, Mil
ler was ordered to the command of the
Ajax, which was sent to Key West in
r
anticipation of trouble with Spain.
After the threatened trouble had passed
he -vas again ordered to the hydro
graphic office, and in August, 1576, was
given the command of the United States
steamer Tuscarora and ordered to run
a line of deep sea soundings from the
Hawaiian Islands 'to *' the Fijis and
Australia. Miller. then served on shore
duty as assistant to" the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, as inspector of the
lighthouse district comprising lakes
Huron, Michigan and Superi - and on
special duty at th^ Navy Department.
His promotion to captain came in
ISM, and since that time he has com
manded the receiving ships Wabash
and Vermont, the llagship Tennessee of
the North Atlantic squadron, the flag
ship Chicago of the squadron of evo
lution, and as captain of the New York
navy yard and mcml er of the Jeannette
court of inquir;-.
After his promotion to commodore
Miller was given the command of the
Boston navy yard, and on his promo
tion to the grade of rear admiral in
March. 1597, on the retirement of Ad
miral "Walker, he was ordered to Eng
land as the naval representative of the
United States, hoisting his flag on the
armored cruiser Brooklyn. Rear Ad
miral Mill was present in London at
the Queen's Jubilee as naval represen
tative, and with his fli<r«hip was at the
naval review at Spithead.
Upon completion of this duty he was
given command of the Pacific squad
ron, assuming command at Hono
lulu, August 14, 1897, relieving Admiral
Beardslee. He remained at Honolulu
until last May. During this period he
was constantly expecting the annexa
tion of the islands, and the consequent
unfurling of the national colors at Hon
olulu as the signal of the union. The
errand upon which he now goes is,
therefore, no surprise to him.
Rear Admiral Miller, since his return
to the United States, has, in addition
to his other duties as commander in
chief of the Pacific squadron, been
placed in charge of the naval defenses
of this coast and of the auxiliary naval
force, tfy the retirement of Rear Ad
miral Kirkland on July 4 Miller is now
the senior admiral of the navy on the
active list.
It is a fact not generally known that
the first and the last stand of the Con
federates were made on land owned by
the same man. A part of Bull Run
battlefield was owned by Mr. McLean.
After this famous battle he decided to
move to a locality where there would be
less fear from the ravages of war. By
a strange coincidence he took up his
abode at Appomattox, which subse
quently proved to be tne final battlefield
of the civil war.DEADLY MICROBES IN A PINCH OF DUST.
DOCTOR ERNEST S. PILLS
BURY, curator of bacteriology,
ff the College of Physicians and
Surgeons, has been working for
some weeks past on an exami
nation of the dust to be found in the
air and on the streets of San Francisco.
He has made microscope slides of dust
found in all parts of the city from Pa
cific Heights to the water front, and
from North Reach to Butchertown. Of
course a large variety of results was
obtained, ani the conclusions reached
are most Interesting and important. In
a few instances some dangers are
shown to be not bo great as we have
been in th» habit of supposing. On the
other hand a number of new dangers
have iirt'S'-ntt-d themselves, and the air
of San Francisco in the downtown dis
tricts Is shown to be about as foul as
it can well be without starting a
plague. Indeed, by a comparison with
the statistics of a similar work in other
cities San Fr.nclsco is shown to be in
some respects the dirtiest in the world.
While it lacks the soot and grime of
Pittsburg it more thar makes up for it
by a large number of dangerous mi
crobes produced princi-ally from horse
refuse.
In making 1 is txamination Dr. Pills
bury made use of the mort approved
modern methods, and obtained positive
results in each case. He used two
modes of procedure. One was a direct
examination of the dust scraped be
tween the cobbles; the other an exami
nation of the organisms found floating
about in the air. too small to be seen
by any but the most powerful micro
scopes, and requiring the most careful
handling to ascertain their exact na
ture.
The direct examination of the dust is
a method very simple and easy to un
derstand. The examination of the air
is very complicated, and requires the
highest class of laboratory apparatus.
This is also somewhat long and easily
Interfered with.
In the direct examination of the dust
of the street a very small quantity is
scraped up and nut into an air tight
bottle. It is then taken t> the labora
tory, and the finest of it sifted out. A
portion of this no larger than a pin's
head is spread over a microscope glass
slide, being held in place by a thin,
gummy varnish. In this condition it is
FUfh a small quantity it can scarcely
be Bf>rn, and even the staining in strong
aniline dye scarcely serves to make it
more visible.
But -when this plate Is put under the
objective of a owerful mjscroscope It
at once becomes a marvel.
Dust and germs are taken from the
air by means of what Is known as the
"Petrl plate" This piece of apparatus
really consists of a flat glass dish with
a glass cover made to fit tight by be
ing ground on the edges.
In order to use this plate It is neces
sary to first prepare a culture medium
of gelatine and bouillon. This is done
by simply mixing the requisite quan
tity of each and heating and stirring
several minutes. While still hot this
is poured on the glass dish, which has
first been sterilized and cleaned, and
the cover placed on the top. It is then
set aside to cool and after a few days,
should no pol , o f infection be visible
°" th e gelatine which can be seen
through the glass cover, it is ready for
use. It is now known to be absolutely
. The method of using these plates is
° c ah 0 th f ni ft th , e spot lt is »red to
test the air of and uncover them for a
minute. The immediate effect is not
apparent. Sand, hair and other visible
particles do not stick to it and when
the pl e »!V OVe . red UD " look s exactly
as It did before it was opened
After exposure the plate is" taken to
the laboratory and put into the incu
bator, where it is kept at an even tem
perature for three days. Now the
change is visible, for the plate is cov
ered with all sorts of growth and
Bpores, being in reality a species of
mold. By examining this growth un
der the microscope it can be told ex
actly what sort of creatures inhabit
the air we breathe.
Dr. Pillsbury found the purest air out
on Pacific Heights, each plate exposed
out there yielding a very short growth.
One plate had only ten points of infec
tion and contained no dangerous ba
cilli at all.
The worst air was found at the cor
ner of Market and Powell streets. This
was simply deadly and filled with th"
most disgusting kind of microbes. The
next worst was at Lotta's fountain.
But both were so much alike as to b>
unworthy of comparison. The same
germs were found in both.
A small quantity of dust was also
scraped out of a crevice of the fountain.
This was a most disgusting mass and
contained several germs capable of pro
ducing the nastiest kind of sores.
The interior of several stores and
public buildings was also tested and
yielded results bad enough in them
selves, but good when compared with
the out-of-door plates. All of which
would seem to indicate that our
streets are in need of more sprink
ling. The germs are first in the dust
and then carried through the air by
the wind to find a lodgment or breed
ing place, possibly, In some human
being's lung. And the person will
afterward wonder how he or she got
sick.
Aside from germs a large amount of
very fine sand and fiber was also found
on the plates. This in itself is very bad
for the health, because it clogs up the
air passages and renders the mucous
membrane inactive or inflamed. These
solid particles often form in a cake and
beneath them a sore forms that pro
duces a virus capable of poisoning the
blood of the entire system. This sore is
called catarrh and it is generally con
ceded to be v.orse in Sa.i Francisco
than in any other city In he Union.
It is gratifying to note that in all
his examinations of nearly 100 plates
Dr. Pillsbury did not find a single
bacilli tuberculosis. This, however, does
not prove that there are none In the
dust of our streets, but It shows that
they are not as plentiful as Is gener
ally supposed. But Dr. Pillsbury has
since found by experiment that the
bacilli do not live more than a couple of
hours if expectorated on a sidewalk
where the sun can strike them. For
some unknown reason sunshine is death
to the bacilli. The same degree of heat
produced by sunshine will only serve to
increase their activity. But the dead
bacilli are not at all desirable, for they
are capable of producing bad sores.
However, as none were found the oth
ers are not likely to do much damage.
The most disgusting organism found
in large numbers by Dr. Pillsbury was
the Coli commuism. This showed up in
nearly all the plates exposed out of
doors, and in most of those inside the
down-town stores. It was worse at
Powell and Market streets than any
where else. This germ is a product of
horse droppings and is very little larger
than bacilli tuberculosis. In appearance
it is very much like the germ of typhoid
fever. Of course. It is not so deadly
in its work, but still it is capable of
producing ul aggravating sore
throats and making nasty sores out of
simple bruises. Its worst feature,
however, is its disgusting aspect. When
it is known that on a windy day we
breathe hundreds of thousands of these
organisms it is enough to make one
sick. And all because our city fath
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULT 10, 1898.
ers do not use enough water on our
streets. '
One rather surprising find was the(
large number of bacilli tetanus. These (
showed up on over half the plates. This
germ is what causes lockjaw and the'
only reason the disease is not more(
common is because so few children run
barefooted. A wound from a nail that
has lain on Market street a week or
so would be almost sure to cause the
disease.
A number of other sickening germs
were found, including the strepto coci
bacilli. This is capable of causing
M 0...1. ..1 poisoning should it by chance
come in contact with a cut or a bruise.
In a way none of these germs are
to be feared by a healthy person, but
there is n<> doubt but that they are
harmful and cause much of the indis
position ami sick feeling that so many
people complain of. It is also sure
that they aggravate any disease, es
pecially consumption. In this respect
they are most deadly. Even the pres
ence of the tetanus in a slightly dis
eased lung cannot fail of producing a
harmful effect. It will surely make
the disease worse and weaken the sys
tem when there might be hope. What
then, must be the effect of a combi
nation of all the other germs in sand,
hair, gravel, etc., that flies through the
air on a windy day. It is no wonder
our climate does not produce the cures
of consumption that It did a number
of years ago. Our streets are too
dirty.
Of all the inside places containing
bad air the theaters were the worst.
The crowds of people come In and
shake the dust of the street from
their clothes into the warm air to be
breathed over and over again. Every
theater in the city showed an improper
ventilation.
On account of the high winds pre
vailing here San Francisco's streets
really need a great deal of sprinkling.
And they get very little. The dryness
of our thoroughfares is remarked by
all travelers. There is no large city
in the civilized world wh^re the streets
are as dry as in San Francisco, and
they ought to be kept sopping wet all
the time.
Following Is a technical review of the
examination of air and dust of San
Francisco and Its bearing on pulmon
ary diseases, written for The Call by
Dr. Pillsbury:
STATISTICS are now being kept ns
to the preponderance of lung dis
eases among city people over their
country fellows. From a post
mortem examination of the lungs
one as expert as Conan Doyle's
detective, Sherlock Holmes, might deter
mine almost the exact location of the
greater part of the Individual's life. If
he wore from the coal regions of Penn
sylvania or from those .of Alameda
County, by the difference of the grade of
the carbon deposited In the lung the ex
pert might determine his environment.
The coal mines, however, are not alone
in producing the deposit of carbon lining
the air cells of the lungs and producing
what is known as anthracosis. The soot
of such manufacturing cities as Pittsburg
or London not only deposits its black
mark on the buildings and the leaves of
trees, but the wall of the Innermost air
cell of the lungs retains its share of this
Every one who has seen the hordes of
workmen returning at night from the
I'nion Iron Works or watched the village
blacksmith who breathes the smoke of his
forgo may have noticed the black, soot
lined nostrils, which give a hint of the
blackness further in toward the air cells.
When wo realize that an adult at rest
breathes about 686.000 cubic inches of air
in twenty-four hours and a man at work
about 1,580,900 cubic inches— more than
double the amount— it is easy to see how
the lungs get such a black lining.
There are 5,000.000 to 6,000.000 air cells in
the lungs, with an estimated surface of
twenty square feet, and on tbia moist
COMPONENTS OF A PINCH OF DUST PICKED UP AT KEARNY AND
MARKET STREETS.
Shows Particles of Sand, Wood Fiber, Cotton Fiber, Yeast and Bacteria, Etc. One-Half
of Bulk of Dust Was Organic Matter. About 80 Per Cent by Weight Was Inor
ganic. Immense Numbers of Bacteria of Various Kinds Are Noted.
1. Vegetable Fiber.- 2. Yeast Plant. 3. Wood Fiber. 4. Epitheleum Cell (causes bloo
poisoning). 5. Bacillus. 6. Grain of Sand. 7. Streptococi Bacilli (causes blood
poisoning). 8. Hair. 9. Unidentified Microbe (?). 10. Sarcinon (blood poisoning).
surface is collected the remaining dust
that has passed through the tortuous
channels of the nose and bronchi.
The dust that stops in the bronchial
tubes does not, under normal conditions,
stay there, however. The trachea and
bronchial tubes down to the smallest
bronchia are lined with ciliated epithel
ium cells. These cilia, halrlike projections
from these cells, are regarded as active
prolongations of the cell protoplasm. The
movements of these cilia are not con
trolled by the nervous system, and their
movement Is ceaseless during life.'
A few of these cells may be scraped
BACILLUS OF TETANUS.
This queer looking microbe is the creature
at causes lockjaw. It is very plentiful in
c street air of San Francisco.
from the mouth of a frog, and as the mo
tion of the cilia may be observed for some
time under the microscope, it proves that
this action is, in a measure, independent
of tho animal from which it was taken
and gives support to those who think that
the body is made up of a series of inde
pendent organisms.
The action of these cilia is always in
one direction, and tends to push minute
particles out of the lung toward the
mouth. In this way the bronchial, pas
sages are kept clean, but it is of greatest
Importance that they should not be over
worked and the passages become clogged.
Here in San Francisco we are not much
troubled by smoking factory chimneys,
so we may have some small consolation
because this is not more of a manufactur
ing city. But what particularly interests
us is the composition of the dust and uirt
laden winds that sweep down Market
Btreet and play such frolics with the
skirts at the corners.
Look carefully at the dirt that lodges
In my lady's hair and on her cape after
CONSUMPTION MICROBES ORE NOT PLEN
TIFUL IN OUR STREETS.
It Is gratifying to note that in all his examinations
of nearly 100 plates Dr. Pillsbury did not find a single
bacilli tuberculosis or consumption germ. This, however,
does not prove that there are none in the dust of our
streets, but it shows that they are not as plentiful as is
generally supposed. But Dr. Pillsbury has since found by
experiment that the bacilli do not live more than a couple
of hours if expectorated on a sidswalk where the sun can
strike them. For some unknown reason sunshine is death
to the bacilli of consumption. The same degree of heat
produced by sunshine will only serve to increase their
activity. But the dead bacilli are not at all desirable, for
they are capable of producing bad sores. However, as
none were found, the others are not likely to do much
damage.
a turn from the big dry goods stores,
and you will notice particles of
dry manure, fragments of vegetable tis
sue, cotton, hairs of varying lengths and
colors, sand, particles of clay, and. by the
aid of a powerful microscope. Innumerable
mold spores, yeast and bacteria.
Of most Importance- are thf living germs,
the microbes, bacteria, fungi, yeasts and
molds, which, of course, are not evenly
distributed.
To get an idea of the number and va
riety of germs floating in the air of our
RtreVts, l'etri dishes containing a sterile
Culture medium were put at various places
in the open air, and the results show that
people in the, Western Addition are fa
vored by few bacteria, while below Lot
ta's fountain the wind has gathered
myriads of micro-organisms.
The Petri dishes are 3Vj inches in di
ameter, and were left uncovered for sixty
seconds.
Corner of Scott and Pine streets— 4l bac
teria, 10 mold spores (two varieties), 2
vcasts (one white, one red).
" Corner of Powell and Market— l3o bac
teria. 28 mold spores (four varieties), 7
yeasts (two red, live white).
Lotta's Fountain— l 72 bacteria, 11 mold
spores (three varieties), 3 yeasts (one red,
two white). , _ ,
In Market street market— ss bacteria, 7
mold spores (two varieties), 2 yeasts
(white).
Ladies' waiting room, department
store— 27 bacteria. 2 mold spores.
The most abundant varieties of bacteria
were the B. Colic omnarlus, the B. Sub
tills. Sarcina lutae and a Streptococcus.
These suffice to show us the undoubted
presence of many of the virulent patho
genic bacteria. The mere fact of not
finding the bacillus of tetanus does not
nrove that It is absent, and a wound in
By DR.E.S.P ILLSBURY
fected with this dust would not cause
lockjaw; or that we might breathe in
tubercle bacilli from some of the dried
sputum of a careless consumptive. The
visiting physician and surgeon, if he
values the life of his patient, cleans his
hand most scrupulously before and after
touching the patient, to avoid br.nging
in any outside element to complicate the
disease. In this way the death rate due
to childbed fever and kindred infections
has been reduced 90 per cent.
Sweeping the dried droppings of horses
on a dry, windy afternoon, into small
heaps for future removal, is a farce of
BACILLUS COLI COMMUNARIS.
This microbe is generated in hors<
refuse. It is plentiful in the air of San Fran
cisco and accountable for much throat trouble
a r .d sick headaches.
nn almost daily occurrence. It may give'
employment to a large number or de-<
serving men, but, from a business stand
point, they might almost as well be work
ing ;i treadmill. The streets should be,
sprinkled in the evening after the wind
goes down, and swept while still wet. On
a windy afternoon on Market street the
street-sweeper is a nuisance and ougnt to
be abolished. The light dirt he stirs up
Is blown into the eyes and lungs of every
one in reach. I have seen a sweeper
start to sweep a lot of dirt from the slot
to the gutter, and before the gutter was
reached it would all be blown away, to
the disgust of individuals further down
the street.
On a busy afternoon at a big dry goods
store the dust is continually stirred from
the floor by the swish of skirts. As high
as .Wo particles settling on a square Inch
in five minutes' exposure gives some idea
of the quality of the air. This dust is
made up of shreds of cotton, linen, feath
ers hairs, epithelium cells, wood fibers.
purticles of sand, microbes, bacteria
spores and fungi.
Considerable has been said of late as
to the use of sea water for sprinkling the
streets. This would, without doubt, add
a certain amount of salt to the dust, but
salt inhibits the growth of bacteria.
Experiments have shown that sea water
is not an antiseptic; In fact, a saturated
solution of salt in water Is of no value as
a germicide (I don't say preservative'),
but investigations do show that sea water
does not contain as many bacteria as an
equal volume of fresh water, to say noth
ing of Spring Valley, and so far as is
known, the micro-organisms of sea water
are non-pathogenic.
In ihe interior of the State the purity
of the air depends to some extent on the
distance from the nearest road, for here
the wear of the summer breezes is more
serious In Its effect on our roads than
the winter's rains. The trend of a moun
tain road is marked on the distant hill
side by the red or brown dust on the
roadside brush.
The plant life of the country air is
largely made up of pollen mold spores,
yeasts', and among other bacteria the
bacillus subtilus and tho sarcinae are
most abundant.
French Investigators have done an im
mense rimonn* <">' work In determining tfec
number and varieties of microbes In the
air and have determined the relation of
the number of bacteria to disease.
M. Miquel found near Paris in a single
cubic meter of air eighty-five of these
microbes in spring, 105 in srummer, K2
in autumn and 49 In winter. In the streets
of Paris the number averaged about 5500
all the year round.
Miquel proved by many experiments
that microbes were much more abundant
DR. PILLSBURY EXPOSING A PETRI PLfJTE FOR f\H
EXAMINATION NEAR LOTTA'S FOUNTAIN.
In the cities than In the country. In
dwelling rooms the number was eight
times and in hospitals twelve times the
number in the open air. Miquel proves
that the places where there are the most
microbes are the centers of infectious dis
ease. The curves, of mortality, to a great
extent, correspond with the curves of the
numbers of microbes in the air.
GRIT POUND !N THE LUNGS ON
POST-MORTEM EXAMINATION
OF A SAN FRANCISCO MAN.
I his consisted mainly of sand and gravel in
small bits blow about in the air that caused
a tearing of the delicate lung surfaces which
left them open to the infection that caused
death.
In one gram (15 grains) of dust there*
has been found 2.100,000 microbes. <
It has been calculated that in a city*
like London a man breathes in during
ten hours 37.500,000 spores and germs. It<
is needless to say that this immense num-<
ber of micro-organisms can have no ef
fect even if none of them are capable*
of producing other than a mechanical
disturbance. It has been shown that,
sterile dust injures the lungs, so to a'
greater extent should we look for injury*
from breathing these little seeds which,
may develop and grow within the lung.'
The greater part of the dust of clean*
rooms, consisting of particles derived*
from mineral, vegetable and animal sub
stances has little immediate effect upon
health. However, it certainly tends to re
duce vitality and gives extra work to the
breathing organs, so that it is extremely
Important that any one susceptible to
consumption should be especially careful
about breathing dusty air. A beam of
strong light shows the air of most inhab
ited rooms to be so crowded with dust as
to be almost opaque to vision.
The dust in the office of a well-known
physician of this city was found, on mi
croscopical examination, to be largely
dried squamous epithelium cells, shreds
of cotton and wool, mold spores, bac
teria and finely divided sand from the
street.
Many living microbes float in the air of
all dwelling houses. The air in rooms
which are old, overcrowded and dirty
contains a great many disease germs.
The walls of a room breathe in and out
vast numbers of bacteria. In schools vast
numbers of bacteria find a lodging place
under and between the boards of the
floor if these are not close joined and well
painted.
Pathogenic or disease germs are nour
ished to a great extent by the floors and
walls of the rooms and for this reason
they should be frequently cleansed with
antiseptic solutions. The clothes of the
scholars should be clean and washable
and there should be no crowding in the
classes.
The foul smell of a crowded school
room or a theater where all classes of
society mingle is due in some measure
from the dust that emanates from the
walls and Is stirred up by shuffling feet,
but mostly from the 550 grains of vapor
and organic matter that is hourly ex
baled from the skin and lungs of each in
dividual in the room.
This organic matter has a very fetid
smell and It contains epithelium cells and
fatty matter from the mouth and phar
ynx. This organic matter has been proved
to be highly poisonous and caused the de
pression and faintness which always oc
curs with a highly sensitive individual
after a long hour in a crowded house.
This was the cause of the. deaths In the
Black Help of Calcutta.
In the sick the organic matter emanat
ing from the skin Is Increased, very of
fensive and contains a great many bac
teria and particles of epidermis. This
will explain why actual contact with the
sick is unnecessary to "catch" the conta
gious disease.
Dust Is an accompaniment of many oc
cupations, and its injurious effects de
pend upon Its quality and upon the
amount taken into the lungs.
Metallic dust and dust containing gritty
and hard siliclous particles are the most
injurious.
Greenhow has calculated the mortality
rate from pulmonary affections for the
potters of Stake-upon-Trent. He found a
death rate from these affections for male
inhabitants of 7.21 per 1000, as compared
with a rate of 2.97 in healthy rural dis
tricts. More than one-half of these deaths
In Stake were in potters, although pot
ters form only about one-third of the pop
ulation of the place. This shows an ex
ceedingly high death rate from lung dis
eases for potters and points to a special
cause.
Dr. Warman says of the potteries at
Trenton, N. J.. that "the work people
suffer with phthisis, lead poisoning, rheu
matism, digestive disorders and anaemia.
The scourers suffer most from dust, but
workmen in other branches also breathe
a dust-laden air."
"The symptoms of potters' lung diseases
are not especially destructive. They are
those of chronic bronchitis and asthma,
passing into tuberculosis."
Organic dust Is also very Irritating, and
I ATMOSPHERIC MICROBES.
J For the most part these are absolutely
»harmless and can often be found in the
)purest country air.
workers in cotton and flax mills are prone
to phthisis.
Hirt says that "of every hundred mill
ers who "are sick forty-two are suffering
from pulmonary complaints, and nearly
11 per cent from consumption."
Wool workers breathe in. in the dust
from the wool they sort, spores of the
Anthrax bacillus. The Anthrax bacillus
is a rod-shaped plant organism usually
several times longer than a red blood
corpuscle. It grows in chains— bacilli be
ing joined end to end— each bacillus form
ing a spore which is extremely resistant
to heat and germicides In general.
The most common lesion from this
bacillus Is the malignant pustule, which,
though a local sore, may be attended
with symptoms of systematic infection,
often proving rapidly fatal.
Inhalation of the irritating particles of
steel or other sharp dust into the lungs
causes a constant catarrhal bronchitis and
pneumonitis. with an increase of connec
tive tissue. This prepares the lung to re
ceive the ever-present tubercular dust
and thus we have a transition from
bronchitis to consumption.
In former y ars before the bacilhis of
tuberculosis had been discovered and con
sequently before the infectious origin of
consumption had been dreamed of. it was
customary to draw distinctions between.
the various kinds of phthisis caused, as
was then thought, by neritage or by dif
ferent kinds of dust. Steel-grinders'
asthma and miners' phthisis were looked
on as distinct diseases. It is now known
that the inhalation of dust is the pr. ■'■s
posing cause and that the more irritating
the dust, the more active and persistant
will bo the consequent bronchial catarrh
which causes the first lesions of the mu
cous membranes in which the tubercle
bacilli soon find lodgment.
Of all the diseases peculiar to the occu
pation or environment of the laborer, the
highest mortality is from the effects of
dust and its etiological relation to phthi
sis.
Krucvr has shown that the dust of a
hospital ward in which patients with pul
monary consumption had expectorated
occasionally upon the floor contained tu
bercle bacilli. This was proved by wiping
up the dust with a sterilized " sponge,
washing this out in bouillon and injecting
this into tin nUlomen of guinea pigs.
Two animals out of sixteen so injected
became tubercular.
At the City and County Hospital of San
Francisco in Dr. Hirschfelder*s consump
tion ward, in the past five years four of
the internes have been infected with tu
berculosis. The dust of this ward is un
doubtedly tubercular, and th" good name
of San Francisco demands that this foul
relic of early days be cremated and a.
hospital more worthy the name of San
Francisco be erected either on the same
or more suitable grounds.
Theater-owners should be required to
furnish better ventilation. Fresh air in
large quantities should be forced through
cotton filters and into the audience room,
at least fifteen cubic feet per hour for
each individual admitted.
Floors should be painted and washed,
not swept., or, if swept, large quantities
of wet sawdust should first be sprinkled
over the floor.
E. S. PILLSBURY, M. D.
Twenty-four members of the House
of Commons are total obstalners.
1920
LATEST AND GREATEST WONDERS OF SEA-GOING CRAFT
The Turbinia—--A new Vessel Built on New Princi
ples—-- She Cuts Through the Water at the Rate
of Sixty Miles an Hour and Will Revolutionize
Ocean Travel the World Over.
SHIP BUILDERS the world over
are at prosent more interested in
the trial trip of a little steamer
lately finished at Xeweastle-on-
Tyne, England, than they are
oven in the marvelous performances of
our big battleships. And there is every
n why they should be, for the j
steamer referred to is the Turbinia —
the fastest Vessel afloat, regardless of
size, and a craft that promises to revo- j
lutionize ocean travel.
Marvelous as "■ may seem the Tur
binia has covered 3S knots in sixty
minutes, nearly forty-three miles. She
DYNAMITE GUN-VESSEL 'VESUVIUS"
LAUNCHING A ZOO PntJNb SHELL AT SANTIAGO'S FORTS
has covered 22 knots in thirty minutes
arid more than once has sped through
the water at a speed of sixty miles an
hour. Ihe reason this speed was not
k. pt up v.as . 'tog entirely to her in
ability to mgh coal; a matter
that can easily be rectified where a
vessel is built for commercial purposes.
Still more marvelous does the per
formance of this little craft seem when
it is remembered that she is the first
of her type ever built. As she is to
day she is practically a perfect vessel,
ble of skimming over the water at
a far greater sp^ed than any other
craft ever built. But a number of im-
The Wonderful New Turbine Motor— the fastest Yet.
Section of the shaft showing collars and the hundreds of little
blades against which the steam is forced as it passes from right to left.
By this method the shaft is turned by the steam in the same way that
a windmill is turned by wind — it is a single motion instead of up and
down or back and forth motion as in all other steam engines. The action
is entirely new in motors and develops tremendous speed.
provements have already been sug
gested so that when' another vessel of
the same kind is built there is no say
lag what speed it may reach.
Nearly every day for the past six
weeks the Turbinia has been out on a
trial trip with a delegation from some
of the big shipbuilding yards of the
world. Engineers have come from
America, Australia and Russia as well
a." from every country In Southern Eu
rope and in each instance they have
been surprised and delighted with what
they saw. "She's the most marvelous
piece of marine engineering ever ac
complished," has been the general ver
dict.
It is not entirely to the construction
of her hull that the Turbinia's mar
velous speed i due. Nor is it entirely
to her engines, although they are of an
entirely new type. But it is to the
combination of both. An ordinary type
of engine would tear the hull of the
Turbinia to pieces long before a speed
of 35 knots was reached, even granting
the engines were capable of producing
It. Nor by putting the engines of the
Turbinia into an ordinary hull could
the high speed be obtained although
tttere Is no denying there would be a
great deal of improvement in more
ways than one. Briefly it is the en
gines of the Turbfnia that makes it
possible to use the hull. The two to
gether make th marine wonder.
The inventor and builder of this mar
velous craft is Mr. Parsons, an old resi
dent of Newcastle-on-Tyne. He makes
no secret of anything he does, but glad
ly shows people through his works and
explains the mechanical principle of
his engine. In far* he has one of these
! running a dynamo and another just
beside it, lying open so that the inside
can be easily seen.
Although one part of the Turbinia
depends upon the other, the engine
I must be conceded to be the most mar-
velous because it is built on an en
tirely new principle. This is what is
known as the rotary principle. That is,
all the parts of the engine run in one
direction. In t rdinary engines there is
a back and forth motion that is absent
in the Turbinia engine.
Anybody who has ever ridden on an
ocean steamer knows the jar and
tremble that constantly goes through
the vessel. This is caused by the back
and forth motion of the engines. With
the Turbinia rotary engine this is en
tirely absent.
From any mechanical standpoint the
Turbinia engine is the simplest engine
built. Literally it is nothing more nor
less than a windmill in a cylinder.
In detail the whole engine consists of
| a shaft with rows of blades along its
j entire length. These blades are so
turned as to catch the steam at the
most advant&geous angle. This shaft
is inclosed in a box with grooves cor
! responding to the blades along its en
j tire length. These grooves do not cover
i the blades entirely, but only serve to
; hold the tip end keep it from being
! bent by the steam. To run thi engine
| the steam is turned in at one end of
j the cylinder and let out at the other
; and in its progress it acts the same as
| the wind on the blades of a windmill.
( As the engine runs entirely in one di
i rection and has practically no working
parts it will be seen that there is prac
tically no limit to the speed at which
it can be driven. And the best of it is
the engine runs without jar.
The cubic space occupied by the Tur
binia engine is much less than that of
an ordinary engine, and it lies close
ito the bottom of the vessel, where It
| does the most good as ballast. This
I in reality is one of its principal fea
i tures, for if the vessel were capsized
it would instantly right itself. Prac
tically the center of gravity is on the
j keel.
It is only by having this advantage
I that a hull of the Turblnia's shape can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
ibe used. Her hull is 100 feet long, 9
I feet across the beam and as sharp as
j a knife at the prow. If the greatest
weight were not at the keel such a
hull would be dangerous, even in a
i moderate breeze. As it is, it is prac
: tically non-upsetable. An ordinary
i gale would have little effect at dis
turbing her balance, because the great
| est weight is nearly twenty feet below
I the water line. The decks keep al
! most level, even when she rides in the
i trough of the sea.
Notwithstanding the smallness of her
hull, the Turbinia's engines register
2100 horsepower and run at a steam
pressure of 225 pounds to the square
inch. Her boilers are of the tubular
type, such as are in use in most ves
sels. Such modifications as may be
are only to gain space. Her coal bunk
ers hold seven tons, only enough to
last a couple of hours at full speed.
She has three propeller wheels.
This whole vessel is all controlled
from one place.
The simplicity of the mechanism
makes signaling to the engine-room en
tirely unnecessary. There is nothing
to do but handle valves, and these are
all worked directly from a little steel
house on the deck. The vessel can be
started, stopped or reversed by a turn
of the wrist.
To ride on the Turbinia at full speed
in rough weather is not exactly a
pleasant experience. At such a time
air is pumped in under the fires and
flames shoot out of the thick smoke
stack. The vessel does not take time
to go over a wave, but plunges through
it and her deck is always awash. The
salt water splashes up against the al
most red hot smoke stack and sizzles
loudly. The rush of air is awful and
roars like distant breakers. Behind
the vessel there is a mountain wave of
seething foam.
But even in all this tumult there is
no jar at all. The Turbinia rides as
easily as a skiff on a quiet lake, and
it is possible to write in the tiny cabin
without the least inconvenience. in
fact, when one goes below the sensa
tion is more like riding on a sailing
vessel than a steamer.
What the future of this vessel will
be is not hard to conjecture. For long
distances at high speed she is not to
be considered on account of the great
EMPIRE EXPRESS, SIXTY MILES AN HOUR
amount of coal needed. But In such
places as she could get coal every day
a vessel could be built to run at over
fifty miles an hour.
It is all a question of fuel, and if
there were coaling stations out on the
Pacific a few hundred miles apart a
vessel could be built that would carry
us down to Honolulu in about thirty
hours. However, this may be realized
in the near future, for English engi
neers are working hard on the problem
of coaling at sea. In the event of
their being successful in devising ap
paratus that can be handled in all
sorts of weather there is little doubt
that vessels of the Turtinia's type
will become general. But one thing
must be remembered: If we want speed
we have got to pay for the coal it takes
to produce it.
MILITARY EUCHRE
THE LATEST.
1 » UCHRE, progressive or plain and
* unadorned, has become so thread
bare as an evening's entertainment
that players will welcome with joy
its brand-new form, military euchre, al-
ready played a score of times, and hailed
with exceeding delight because of its nov
elty and its snap.
Those who have that nothing could
be wound around or made out of pro
gressive euchre, says the New York Her
ald, will now lind themselves in the
wrong, for military euchre is already a
variation of progressive euchre— that is,
the players move from table to table,
though irregularly and not in the old one,
two, three fashion.
Each table bears a cardboard sign, on
which is printed in gay letters its name,
"Fort Sumter," "Fort Hancock, "Fort
Hamilton," "Fort Schuyler," for example,
any names being used that the host and
hostess may prefer, each table being a
fort for the evening, having players to de
fend it and other players to attack and
try to board it by force of superior
"hands" of playing cards.
A drum in the corner of the parlor an
nounces that the games are to begin. The
women have been given pretty, tiny, red
white and blue rosettes for their hair as
tluy have entered the room, the men
knots of ribbon of the same combination
of colors for their coats. Two girls and
two men are assigned to each fort, part
ners are arranged and the games are
ready to commence.
Now each quartet is responsible for its
own iort. It is attached to this fort the
entire evening, to defend its own and to
Bally forth and attack other forts. Part
ners never change. The leader, who is
known as the "general," distributes the
pairs, sending a couple from Fort Sumter
to attack Fort Hancock, a couple from
Fort Pillow to storm Fort Schuyler, a
couple from Schuyler to Sumter and so
on, round after round, until every couple,
us nearly as possible, has met every
other couple.
If the attacking party wins it carries
back to its own fort a pennant; ii the
defenders triumph they run up a pennant
on their own staff.
Fhrough Water at the Rate of Sixty Miles ar) Hour.
The Turbinia is the last and greatest wonder in
steam vessels. Sheisoy far the fastest vessel afloat
and bids fair .to open up a new era in steamship
travel. Engineers far and near have visited the in
ventor to examine her. She travels at the rate of
sixty miles an hour on the stint of coal she is able to
carry. The chief secret of her amazing speed is her
turbines, something entirely new in steam engineer
ing.
The Vesuvius—She Throws Great Shells of Dyna
mite. When the Spaniards Saw the Havoc
Wrought They Declared the Americans Were
Hurling Earthquakes at the Fortifications.
EXPERTS in naval material and
the great number of naval tacti
cians the world over have been
disappointed thus far in the de
velopments of this war of ours
with Spain. A meeting between fleets,
at least between ships of modern con
struction, protected by steel armor,
armed with high powered, large cali
ber guns and many rapid fire pieces,
carrying torpedoes and skillfully com
manded, was hoped for, and, to put the
facts plainly, was desired.
Indeed naval science, broadly speak
ing, has not been in any way affected
by the war, despite the paradox that
it is distinctly a naval war. Of what
use is speed, or the ram, or where
should torpedo tubes be placed, and
how should vessels maneuver in a
fight? Even what our 13-inch and B
inch guns can accomplish against the
12-inch armor of the Spanish ships is
as far from practical solution as ever.
One. decidedly novel type of vessel
has been prominently exploited in thia
war _the dynamite cruiser. The Vesu
vius is in every way unique, nothing
like her in any respect existing in any
other navy. She is long, narrow, and
sits low in the water. She is construct
ed of unusually light scantling and
plating, has powerful engines and at
tains a high speed, though nothing like
as high as a destroyer. She was de
signed especially for torpedo work, like
the destroyer, but was to fire her tor
pedo in the ;,ir, and not, like the de
stroyer, under the water.
The Vesuvius was built by the
Cramps of Philadelphia, and was
launched in 1888, ten years ago. Like
the monitor of Ericsson she was prac
tically the invention and production
of private individuals, though her con
struction was authorized by the Gov
ernment at a contract price of $350,000.
Her principal dimensions are: Length
246 feet, beam 26 5 feet, depth 14 feet,
mean draught of w?»<r 9 feet and dis
placement 805 tons.
There was much speculation as to
the utility of such a craft as the Vesu
vius. Many able men oppose 1 her con
struction and style of battery, but
quite as many took an opposite view r ,
extolling to the utmost the ship, her
speed and especially her battery of
pneumatic dynamite guns. Stripped of
all exaggeration the Vesuvius repre
sents a new a.id formidable element in
warfare and one which can no longer
be disposed of by airy critics.
The main armament carried by the
Vesuvius consists of three pneumatic
dynamite guns placed side by side,
close together, in the forward part of
the ship. These three parallel tubes
are built into the ship, about fifteen
feet of the muzzles protruding above
the forecastle deck inclined at an angle
of about twenty degrees, the ends of
the muzzles of the tubes rising about
five feet above the deck planking. The
remainder of the tubes run down to the
GUNS OF DYNAMITE CRUISER VESUVIUS PROTRUDING
THROUGH THE DECK f OF THE VESSEL.
hold of the ship, where the compressed
air machinery is, and where the ammu
nition and the breech and loading
mechanism are situated.
The tubes are made of light cast-iron,
are fifty-five feet in total length and
have an interior diameter of fifteen
Inches. There are two air compressors
to compress the air that is used as the
propellant to discharge the aerial tor
pedoes from the long tubes. The sub
aqueous torpedo with which ordinary
torpedo craft are supplied is discharged
usually by a charge of gunpowder,
which is quick in acting; hence the or
dinary torpedo gun is short, not above
eighteen or twenty feet long; but the
slow, steady action of the compressed
air cannot reach its maximum intensity
for some time after impinging on the
base of the projectile. It begins to move
the torpedo gradually, and rapidly, in
creasing in propulsive force drives the
shot out of the long barrel at a high
velocity.
STORMY PETREL, SIXTY MILES AN HOUR.
The great benefit derived from the
slow, steady, gradually increasing pres
sure of compressed air is that it allows
the use of thin gun barrels or tubes
and the employment of immense quan
tities of the highest explosives. There
is an absence of all shock and a conse
quent avoidance of the danger ordi
narily connected with the firing of
dynamite or guncotton.
Th* charge of explosive first tried In
the pneumatic dynamite gun was 500
pounds of explosive gelatine. This has
been changed to about 300 pounds of
guncotton, the letter being safer to
handle. This charge is held in the front
end of a cigar-shaped shell seven feet
long and not quite fifteen inches In
diameter.
The rear end of the shell is fitted
with wings or fans, to insure the tor
pedo's preserving its horizontally dur
ing its time of flight. This torpedo is
loaded to the gun at the breech, near
which there is a revolving chamber
holding five other torpedoes, quite after
the manner in which the cartridges of
a Colt's revolver are carried; hydraulic
power is used to manipulate this car
rier. Once in place and the breech
closed, the air valve is opened, the com
pressed air rushes into the firing cham
bers and away speeds the most deadly
projectile man's ingenuity has thus far
devised.
The one respect in which the dyna
mite cruiser, speed excepted, is inferior
to the torpedo-boat destroyer is in the
important matter of aiming the guns
These being immovably fixed in the
vessel cannot be trained and handled
like other guns, they cannot be laid to
hit the target by moving them to the
right or left or up or down; instead the
Vesuvius must be maneuvered so as to
get within the range. She thus becomea
the gun carriage, her helm and her
screws being the means employed by
her for the accurate laying of her guns.
Herein lies an objection to the dyna
mite gun as it is emplaced on board
the Vesuvius, and for a long time it was
thought to be insuperable.
The ship being laid for the target,
the range of the dynamite projectile is
controlled by means of the amount of
compressed air admitted to the gun.
No torpedo of the Whitehead or Howeli
type can approach this, a thousand
yards being an extreme range for them
and for effective work not over eight
hundred shc-uld be attempted.
For getting in her fine work the best
distance at which the Vesuvius should
operate is about a mile off, and to land
her projectiles on shore or at a target
at tbis remote distance would require
an air pressure of about eight hundred
pounds. ,
The Vesuvius was not designed to
attack fortifications, yet it would
seem as though for such a role she s
admirably adapted; better than for the
rol3 of ship ttack, where the time
needed to get herself in position for fir
ing would expose her to a hot rapid
fire that would certainly annihilate
Silently can she take her stand, and
by means of range finders accurate
determine her position; then, without
more noise than a big popgun would
make, she can send her projectiles
gracefully curving through the air into
the enemy's camp. In short, theVesu
yius has a distinctive part to play in
this: war we are now waging aeainV?
Spain. It is purely an or?enfiv ce g art
for she is so pitiably weak defensively
being entirely without any Section'
wrUkMr. dir6Cted ** b£le?S!2d-
The Vesuvius should never enter a
combat unsupported, -but always under
cover of some large. vessel able to draw
an enemy's fire and receive tL * punish
ment that woulu be otherwise directed
toward her. When thus safeguarded
the .Vesuvius serves a / most valuable
purpose, and the^vorkcut out for her
will greatly conduce i to shortening the
bombardment of. the fortification* of
vttvftiHOW I WILL TRY TO REACH THE POLE
THE war excitement which is now
absorbing the in- rest of the
country has temporarily ob
scured another more peaceful
struggle which has been going
on for centuries— the conquest of the
pole. So many have tried in vain to
reach the goal that many people laugh
at further attempts as useless or ask
in undisguised contempt: "What is the
pole, anyway?" To them the best an
swer to their question i-. "Nothing."
To the scholar it is simply a mathe
matical point where the earth's axis
Intersects the earth's surface, a place
where there are ninety- degrees of lati
tude and thr^e hundred and sixty de
grees of longitude or no longitude at all
Just as one prefers to look at it.
To me these are not the imp-essive
considerations. I am after the pole be
cause it is the pole, because it has a
value as a test of intelligence, persist
ent endurance, determined will, and
perhaps courage — qualities character
istic of the highest type of manhood—
because I am confident that it can be
reached, and because I regard it as a
great prize which it is peculiarly fit and
appropriate that an American should
win.
There is no reason whatever for as
suming any abnormal conditions at the
pole, for supposing that it Is the site
of a perennial summer sea or a paleo
crystic (that !s an eternally frozen) sea,
or a Symmes' Hole giving access to the
center of the earth, or a specially
rounded mountain, a la Jules Verne, for
the earth to whirl upon — none of these.
LONDON, July 2.— The New Amer
ica, as I described in the first let
ter of this series, will be armed
to defend against any enemy the
national pcrlicy she may decide to
pursue. The next question, of
course, is. What will her policy be? No
more important question exists at this
moment.
This nation, nearly 80,000,000 strong,
with unapproached natural resources,
enormous and marvelously organized
industrial enterprises, intelligent and
ambitious beyond the average, soon to
be one of the great powers on the sea,
has hitherto been content to think only
of its own defense and to cast pitying
looks, accompanied by moral disquisi
tions, upon the nations of Europe dis
puting with each other the lands of
Asia and Africa, "Avoid foreign entan
glements," the advice of the founder of
the republic, has been written, one
might say, across every American Hag.
Anybody who could have prophesied
in the spring of the year that has not
yet reached midsummer that the United
States was about to embark upon a pol
icy of oversea expansion, of coloniza
tion, of territorial aggrandizement, of
"imperialism," would have been laughed
at for a fool.
Admiral Dewey did it. With his dash
into Manila Bay and his destruction of
the Spanish squadron — a finer naval ex
ploit than Is yet admitted abroad— he
sowed the seed which will never be up
rooted. The inconceivable was accom
plished, as in the salvation of Faust;
the problem whether America could,
should or would seize alien countries
became obsolete in one morning. The
f"itur.p of war gave her the Philip
pines, on the farthest side of the globe.
Public opinion accommodated itself to
the change, as automatically and as
quickly as the governor of an engine
to- a sudden increase of steam pressure.
Between April 30 and May 1 the
weather vane which shows the public
breath swung clear around. The prac
tical American read the news, asked
hlmeelf, "Well, why not?" and hung
another flag out of his window.
All this Is not a figure of speech — it is
a- literal fact. Never was there such a
lightning change of national sentiment.
The administration had nothing to do
■with it. They had not foreseen it; they
had not contributed to 4t; they were
powerless i<> prevent it; they have not
yet quite recovered from the shock.
That little sentence in the Congres
sional resolution aboutdisclalming "any
disposition <rr intention to exercise sov
ereignty, jurisdiction or control," is a
pea in tho official shoe. But the force
of events, linked one to one by the great
Chainmaker, has continued to pull, and
the policy of expansion has marched
an with as little regard for American
tradition or administrative convenience
as John Brown's body had for the in
stitutions of the South.
Hawaii, Cuba. Porto Rico, the Phil
ippines, the Ladrones, the Carolines,
present to the American people to-day
There will be found simply prosaic land
or water at the pole, no man living; can
say which until some man gets there.
Bui if it is land, it will be land, the
characteristics of which are practically
the same as those of other Arctic lands
which we know, a few hundred miles
south, and if it is water, it will !>■ an
Arctic sea, the characteristics of which
are practically the same as those of
other Arctic seas with which we I •
familiar, a few hundred miles distant.
As to the objection that the pole can
never be reached it is groundless. It
certainly will be reached, possibly
within a comparatively short time. The
distance which to-day separates the
highest north from the pole itself is but
260 miles — about the same is the dis
tance between Albany and Buffalo.
Those who ridicule polar expeditions
ask. "Of what use is the pole?" More
than one answer could be given to this
question, but if there were no other
reason than that during more- than two
centuries ten civilized nations of the
earth have spent, millions of •(■
and sent scores of ships and thousands
of men to win the north pole without
success, this alone is sufficient to make
it a prize which we should strive to se
cure.
The conquest of the north pole, the
complete delineation of the <rr
Archipelago (the last of the circuiri
polar island groups) and th elimina
tion from our maps of the unknown
area between the eighty-fourth paral
lel and the pole are important geo
rraphical desiderata.
The present expedition is simply the
second step of a determined campaign
for the pole. The results of the various
previous expeditions show that there
remains but one practicable route by
THE NEW AMERICA -ITS POLICY AND EXPANSION
Henry Norman is one of trje best Known newspaper n)en of the world. \-\e deals exclusively with national topics and party questions. It was H enr y Norman's
articles to the London Chronicle at a vital moment in the Venezuela question that swung English opinion completely around and led to an amicable settlement of that
important matter. Since then he has been devoting much time and study to the politics of the world"s government. He has just completed a careful investigation of
what he terms the New America — the new policy of the Government that has arisen since tf}e war. What Mr. Norroan tr;ink.s of the situation will be read with lively
interest by people wf)o have at heart the world's progress.
as clear an issue as has ever divided
"Pinion, and more important than any
except the Revolution and the Rebell
lion.
It is obvious that this Issue Is hard
ly of less import to Europe than to
America herself. Every European, ar
guing from jthe procedure of his own
country, will naturally ask this ques
tion: What is the policy of President
McKinley and his Cabinet in this mat
ter ? Here I leave facts to fall back
upon my own opinion, and it is this:
The American Government has no pol
icy in the matter. How could it have
one? To begin with, the war itself is
a sufficient issue for the present. It
will he time enough to discuss the dis
position of all these places when the
United States is In possession of them.
Again, circumstances may greatly al
ter the case. For example, if Spain
surrendered unconditionally to-mor
row, asking only the Philippines and
yielding all the rest, it might be diffi
cult to say her nay. If she fights on,
and stubborn battles at Santiago, San
Juan, Havana and Manila cost thou
sands of American lives, the ultimate
pttuation will present a totally different
aspect. Finally, nobody can be suro
that public opinion, which has changed
so quickly once, may not veer again,
sick of bloodshed and expenditure.
President McKlnloy, whose skill in es
timating the resultant direction of the
varying currents of political feeling
amounts to positive genius. Is the last
man in the United States to build a
policy upon a foundation not yet solid
ified. I have had, I think, as good an
opportunity as anybody for gaining in
formation upon this point, and I am
confident that, upon the greater issues
Involved, there is in this country at the
present time no official policy whatever.
Spain's failure to take advantage of
this is an act of sheer insanity.
By the "greater issue " I mean sim
ply the Philippines. All the rest is
as fixed as fat* 1 . There is no doubt
that Hawaii will be annexed. Cuba
will be given an opportunity— not an
opportunity, by the way, unlimited
either in time or scope — to govern her
self, the idea being that ko great an
influx of Americans, especially from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1893.
which to attain it, and that route is the
one Lhat has come to be known as the
American — through Smith Sound, Kane
Basin, Robeson Channel and along the
northwest coast of Greenland.
The expeditio i starts, I think, auspi
sly. The ship Windward is espe
cially suited to face the difficulties of
the Arctic seas, and is loaded with such
concentrated provisions as experience
has proved to be most valuable. She
will proci ed to Whale Bound this sum
mer, tak^ on board several picked fam
ilies of Eskimos with their tents, ca
noes and dogs, force a way through
Robeson Channel to Sherard Osborn
Fjord, or further, and land people and
Stores. Tlun the ship will turn back.
As sn.ni as the freezing <>f the ice of the
great fjords of t h « ■ northwest coast
permits sledge tray- 1 the work of ad
vancing BuppKeP will be commenced,
taking comparatively short stages and
light loads so that the trips can be
quickly made. As soon as the supplies
have been advanced the first stage the
party itself will move forward, leaving
a cacne behind. As they will be follow
ing Eskimo customs and living in snow
houses this can be done easily.
Then the second stage of the advance
will be taken up and the work carried
on until the departure <>f the sun. Each
uf the brilliant winter moons of the
polar night will afford opportunities for
continuing '.he work, so that early
spring will find tho party and the bulk
of its supplies located at the northern
terminus of the North Greenland
Archipelago— probably not far from the
eighty-fifth parallel with caches behind
it at each prominent headland. Vr nn
this point, when the proper time comes,
with picked dogs, the lightest possible
equipment, and two of the best Eski
By Henry Norman, Commissioner of the Loodon Chronicle.
the South, and of American capital will
take place that the elements of dis
order and corruption left by Spanish
misrule will speedily be "snowed un
der," and that Cuba will bear the same
relation to the United States as the
Transvaal would have borne to Great
Britain If the Jameson raid had suc
ceeded. One West Indian "republic"
is administered to-day by a syndicate
of New York capitalists, and there are
plenty ready to "run" Cuba. If these
calculations, however, prove erroneous
Cuba will be annexed out and out. Porto
Rico will be annexed in any case, and
a strong naval base formed there. With
the West Indies thus practically di
vided between the United States and
Great Britain, the American Govern
ment considers that a safe and satis
factory situation in that part of the
world will have been reached.
These coming events constitute, of
course, a vast change from anything
America has hitherto done. But of
themselves th. y do not of necessity
imply any sweeping change of policy.
"Cuba libre" means an act of human
ity, while Hawaii and Porto Rico are
the naval basis in a new scheme of na
tional defense. Obedience to the teach
ings of Washington's farewell address
may remain intact though Porto Rico
comes under the same principles of
government Cwith a different practice)
as Cuba on the one side and Hay*' on
the other, and though the chorus of
"Hiki mai neiika ha lia pua kea" (if
my memory serves me) is sung by fair,
frail Hawaiians under the Stars and
Stripes. But the Philippines are a very
different matter. With Admiral
Dewey's victory sealed and General
Merrltt installed as Military Governor,
the United States becomes a nation
with colonies, reaping all the advan
tages and incurring all the responsi
bilities that colonies, like children,
bring with them. Then, in truth, the
farewell address ceases to be the com
pass of the statesman and becomes the
curio of the historian.
• This is destined to be the new issue in
American politics. When the House of
Representatives voted the annexation
of Hawaii several days aero, a number
of Republicans vot^d with the Demo
cratic minority, and thirty Democrats,
mos the last stage of the journey for
tin* pole ■will be attempted with strong
possibilities of a successful termina
tion.
If the first season is unfavorable as
regards Ice conditions, it can be devot
ed to a detailed survey of the archipel
ago itself and a reconnolssance of the
east coast as far Bouth as possible, the
northern Journey being reserved for the
following season, or, if necessary, even
until the second. Each succeeding sum
mer the ship will attempt to establish
communications with the party's base,
succeeding:, probably, every other year
at first, then, with increasing experi
ence, every year, and will keep up the
supply "f food, dogs and Kskimos until
the objects of the expedition are ac
complished. If the ship should be suc
cessful in the passage of Robeson
Channel the first year, the party will
land at Hayes Sound and devote the
season to explorations of that unknown
region. Retreat from the eolo-iy at
Bherard Fjord will always be practic
able across the inland ice to Whale
Bound.
The programme is to secure every
mile and advance just as far as there
is land, then attempt to accomplish the
remaining distance in one effort. In
case the conditions are unfavorable or
impracticable the first season, I shall
return to my Eskimo village, winter
there and start again the next spring;
and if the conditions are not favorable
the second year, come back for the
winter, and so on, trying again and
again. I believe that at any point in
the Arctic regions, at one time or an
other, at one season or another, the
door is open or can be opened and the
man who is in readiness and waiting
Silverites and Populists with the Re
publican majority. "When it was an
nounced from the chair that Speaker
Reed, the R publican, would have vot
ed no if he had been present, the Dem
ocrats applauded loudly — an incident
without parallel. Thus the great new
issue is crossing and confusing the old
party lines. The Democratic party,
which has added almost all the terri
tory to the Union, is as a whole against
the colonial policy. Mr. Bryan de
nounced it on the same day that thirty
of his former followers voted for it,
and one of the leaders of the Demo
cratic party assured me a few days ago
that if ever the nation were committed
to it he would retire from public life.
Mr. Cleveland was justly described by
a friend who returned from visiting
him, as passing his time in "fishing
and growling." The newspapers are
similarly divided, without the usual
party allegiance. New York, I should
say, is divided in opinion. Boston, of
course, is against it, but the Boston
line of argument is calculated rather to
help it along. For example, at a meet
ing of protest the other day, the follow
ing resolution was passed.
"Resolved, That our first duty Is to
cure the evils in our own country, the
corrupt government, of which New
York and Pennsylvania afford only
conspicuous examples; the disturbed
relations between capital and labor, our
disordered currency, our unjust system
of taxation, the debasing influence of
money at elections and on legislation,
and the use of offices as spoils, and
when we have shown that we can pro
tect the rights of men within our own
borders, like the colored race in the
South and the Indians in the West, and
that we can govern great cities like
New York, Philadelphia and Chicago, it
will be time to consider whether we
can wisely Invite distan' population
of alien race and language and of' tra
ditions unlike our own either to become
our subjects and accept our rule or our
fellow citizens and to take part in gov
erning us."
The Independent, the leading religi
ous weekly, is of the opinion that "a
nation which woul I give back the Phil
ippines to Spain would hand back to a
tiger the little lamb wrested from its
grasp." This, remarks the New York
for the opportunity can get where he
wants to. When a:i expedition goes
north for one or two years only, It
may not find the favorable opportunity,
but if it can stay there* four or five
years, which I am prepared to stay if
necessary, some time in that period the
favorable occasion is sure to come and
the door will be opened or can be
pushed open.
For a practical attempt at the pole
the utilization of the Eskimo is of un
questioned value. They are the people
best fitted in the world for that par
ticular kind of work, men who, under
the leadership of one whom they know
to be their friend and in whom they
have the utmost confidence, will follow
to the end, faithful and loyal as their
own magnificent dogs. What could be
more practical than a party made up
of the children of the north itself, a
stirgeon for emergencies and a leader
to fr.rnish wiL intelligence and direc
tion?
Eagerly as these people have lookr-d
forward during the past few summers
for the coming of "Peary's Oomiak
soch" 'ship), they will look forward to
it with double interest this season.
They have all the eagerness for variety
that is characteristic of human children
the world over, and this year the ar
rival of the "Oominksoch" means that
a considerable quota of the little com
munity will go to the White Ahvungah
(north) to h\j in lands which they
have heard of in their forefathers' leg
ends, repeated to them from their
childhood up.
Every one will agree with me that
there could eno human beings on the
face of the earth better adapted for the
rank and file of an Arctic party than
Evening Post, is sickening. But the
New York Times declares that annexa
tion is the true path to popular confi
dence and national greatness, and the
Now York Tribune turns Lieutenant
Hobson's heroim to account as fol
lows:
"It was the spirit of the heroes of the
Morrimac that made the thirteen colo
nies an independent nation and
stretched its limits from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and it is the same spirit
that to-day seeks to extend our domin
ion to its natural and logical fullness in
the Pacific seas."
Annexation, adds the Tribune, is no
experiment.
It is. the repetition of things done. It
Is no leap in the dark. It is a safe step
onward on firm, true ground, in the
light of noon. If it be imperialism, the
first imperialist was Jefferson. If it be
jingoism, the first jingo was Adams.
With them, and with the great un
broken line that followed them, Ameri
cans of to-day may well keep step to
the forward march of national destiny.
"The opponents of imperialism," cries
the New York Evening Post, in alarm,
"should waste no time in opening their
fight against it." And the New York
World prints in heavy type as its motto
this sentence from President McKin
ley's inaugural address: "We want no
wars of conquest; we must avoid the
temptation of territorial aggression."
"There is no danger," says the Sun,
"that the United States will not hold on
to what Spanish possessions they may
win by their arms and deem necessary
and useful." And General Merritt him
self, on his way to command the Amer
ican army in the Philippines, said at a
public dinner in 'San Francisco: "I tee
lieve in the new national policy of the
United States, which looks to the ac
quisition of additional territory, repre
sented in outlying islands that are re
quisite for the development of national
strength and growth." There are thus
all elements of a great controversy.
On the one hand, again, it is alleged
that the United States cannot, under
the constitution, take any territory
which is not capable of becoming a
State. "All men are created equal," is
in the national charter, and if the Sand
wich Islands or the Philippines are an
nexed, "the gentleman from Honolulu"
members of that little tribe, the most
northerly people in the world, whose
fathers and grandfathers and great
grandfathers before them have lived
in that very region. They know all the
vagaries, all the possibilities and all the
hostilities of their home, and they know
how to take care of themselves. Ac
cording to the theory of -Mr Clements
Markhan?, prerident of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, the forefathers of
these people, centuries ago, during the
migration of the tribe, in journeying
from Siberia to their present home may
have crossed unknowingly the apex of
the earth. ..'hit a striking coincidence
if their children should be the instru
ments of finally wresting the secret of
the poie!
The party to reach the pole, other
things being equal, will be the party
containing the smallest number, light
est equipment . and the fewest neces
sities, a party which can travel fast
and continuously. In the writer's opin
ion the pole will never be reached by a
ship nor with any of the new fangled
or unusual projects of which so many
have been proposed lately and of which
Ar.dree's balloon is an example. If in
reply to the first part of this statement
the past results and present advocacy
by Nansen of the drift theory is cited
it must be admitted by every person
cognizant of Arctic matters that the
voyage was in many respects a fortu
nate one and a successful termination
could by no means be duplicated.
It is a significant fact that while
Nansen is publicly advocating his drift
method as the one best adapted for
reaching the pole, his navigator, Sverd
run, who was with him on his last ex
pedition, abandons it altogether and
and "the gentleman frem Manila" will
claim the floor in Congress. On the
other hand, it is urged that under mili
tary occupation a remote island may
receive an exceptional treatment, ex
actly as Mexico did under military rule:
that nobody expects Alaska to become
a State, and that the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals has just decided
that "in a territory all the functions of
government are within the legislative
jurisdiction of Congress." This decis
ion forces the most determined oppo
nent of expansion to adroit that "the
question whether Congress can legally
govern territory so remote and pec-pled
by a race so different from our men Is
not a matter of dispute."
Two other facts are full of signifi
cance. First, a moderate tariff, not at
all the Dingley one, has been framed for
Manila. Second, Mr. Day, the Secretary
of State, has applied to Congress for
$20,000 to pay the expenses of a com
mercial mission to China, and has
drawn special attention to the fa :t that
American manufacturing productivity
"has reached the point of large excess
above the demand of home consump
tion." These facts signify that Amer
ica, with her astounding growth o-f ex
ports. Is turning toward the markets
of the far East.
Which policy will prevail? In exact
language, will America retain the Phil
ippines? It is rash, and possibly reck
less, to answer such a question now,
but so far as I can see, I think she
will. Some of the grounds for this opin
ion may be easily given. First, what
else can America do with them? Cede
them to England, to Japan? Neither
would take them at such a critical mo
ment. Put them up to auction among
the European powers, to secure a cash
indemnity from Spain? Inconceivable.
Hand them back to Spain? Public
opinion would never tolerate it. Retain
a coaling station and cede the rest
piecemeal among the powers? Such a
course has been hinted at, but it would
be a fatal course, the worst mistake
possible, a policy fraught with every
kind of peril. Allow the insurgents, un
der "General" Aguinaldo. to set up a
republican government under American
protection? The idea is laughable to
anybody who knows the Philippine na
tive, and has seen for himself how East
is East and West is West. There seems
By
LIEUT PEARY
adopts my plans and field of work. It
is natural that a man should consider
his own plan the best, or else pre
sumably he would not adopt it.
There is a certain clpss at present
who take the stand that practically all
problems of the north have been
solved. As a matter of fact the prob
lems of the north have not been solved,
and we really do not know absolutely
what there is at and Immediately about
the pole any more than we did ten
years ago. It is true that the highest
point north has been recently moved
up a notch, 170 miles beyond previous
records, and while the indications and
probabilities arc that a deep sea ex
tends from there perhopa to the p~le
yet there is not a man with extended
personal Arctic experience who would
be surprised if further explorations
should determine the existence of land
within fifty or even thirty miles of that
highest north. For myself I believe in
sticking to one thing until it is ac
complished, and as long as there re
mains that unexplored area if millions
•if square miles about the north pole I
regard it as not only a promise but a
n proach to our boasted civilization of
to-day.
My project contemplates a serious,
determined, persistent attempt to win
for the victorious Stars and Stripes the
only remaining great geographical prize
which the world has to offer; an at
tempt which may and likely will be
come a siege. It is an attempt in which
the knowledge and experience gained
in work prosecuted during some ten
years on definite and consistent lines is
to be directed on equally definite and
persistent lir.es to the accomplishment
Of its object. R. E. PEARY.
Copyrighted, IS9S. the S. S. McClure Co.
for America no safe and sensible
course except the old and simple one of
keeping what she has taken.
Besides this negative argument, there
are positive "lies to the same effect.
Some are metaphysical, such as the ar
gument that the Western course of em
pire is inherent with the nature of
things. .Some are sentimental, such as
the strange magnetism of the Orient,
that has now begun to draw Americans,
as it has so lons drawn Englishmen,
and will never let them go. This is my
favorite argument, for I know how the
East can —
I >raw men onward, as a moon of spring,
High-wheeling, vast and bosomful,
Hajf-hid in clouds and white as wool,
Draws all the strong seas following.
Some- arguments are economical, such
as the necessity of securing for Amer
ica's superabundant manufactures mar
kets not to be lost by any action of
other nations. Some, again, are politi
cal, such as the desirability, in Ameri
can commercial interests, of having a
strong foothold from which to help
England, with both right and might, to
keep China open to trade, against the
ambitions of Russia. Germany and
France to close her markets in their
own protectionist interests. Some ar
guments are severely practical, such
as the inquiry why America should.
throw away a good thing. Finally, all
these arguments, metaphysical, senti
mental, economical, political and prac
tical, are summed up and swallowed in
one view, which I have heard from
every side expressed colloquially in
these words: "I'm for keeping all that
we've got."
Therefore, so far as my visit has en
abled me to judge. I think that the isl
ands of Magellan, with their orchids
and hemp, their tobacco and flame
flowers, their unexplored forests and
untouched mines, where tropical nature
hides her wealth as ineffectually under
a growth of gorgeous colors as the olive
skinned Mestiza, her cataract of jet
black hair pouring from her uncovered
head, conceals h,er beauty beneath the
transparent woven fibers of the pine.
will stand ere long as a monument over
the crave of the Monroe doctrine. The
Philippines may not be annexed at a
single blow, but to hold them as secu
rity for an indemnity which will never
be paid will bo annexation in all but
name, and the' disquieting authority of
Congress over them.
Copyright, IS9B, by Henry Norman.
Priceless treasures of all sorts are still
hidden away in the old convents and mon
asteries of Venice. Not the least inter
esting among these are the ancient manu
scripts. One of these, which has just
come to light, is of especial interest. In
it an envoy from Candia. who came to
Venice in 1542, describes day-by-day life
und •!■ the Venetian republic, and one of
the most interesting parts of this historic
document is an account of the life of
the Moor of Venice, who was known to
the writer. Othello arriving in the town
of the doges, his military career, his
marriage, his departure for Cyprus, and
his end are all set down, with many de
tails.
2122
WHEN THE NEWS
OF THE VICTORY
RANG OUT
FROM
THE
CALLS
HOME
WHEN the glorious news of
the destruction of Cervera's
fleet first trickled along and
dripped off the end of the
telegraph wire it seemed al
together too good to be true.
We had thought that our nation's
birthday celebration was to be over
shadowed by the universal sorrow for
the hundreds of brave men who had
so lately, and so unavailingly, as it
seemed, laid down their lives for us all,
and made more gloomy si ill by the
cloud of uncertainty hanging over our
forces around Santiago harbor.
So it was that all day the faces gaz
ing up at the newspaper bulletin sheets
had been grave and anxious, and the
shifting crowds, though larger in sise
than those gathered en week days,
were distinguished by an unusual
quietness — as though the people were
listening intently for something which
they almost dreaded to hear.
Rockets went up here and there and
crackers and pistols and toy cannon
punctured the quiet air with their
sharp detonations. We would have
our Fourth anyway, and after that —
and then Sampson's dispatch came:
"The fleet under my command
offers the nation, as a Fourth of
July present, the destruction of
the whole of Cervera's tleet.
About 1300 prisoners, including
Admiral Cervera. American loss
one killed and two wounded."
It seemed simply impossible to wait
for that center elevator to the top of
the home of The Call. We were wild
to rush up the marble stairs in a mad
race for theeupolaand giveoutward and
vehement expression of the emotions
which, for the time being, made every
thing else subservient to the one
thought of summoning others to rejoice
with us.
There were only three of us going
vp — the two brothers whose special
business it is on every fitting occasion
to "man the gun" and fire the salute
away up there in the clouds, and I the
woman who had been promised the
honor of firing the first shot sent out
to apprise the city of the great victory
which turned doubt into rejoicing all
over our broad land.
Up we wont, swiftly, smoothly, si
eighteenth landing, after which if we
would rise nearer heaven we must do
so by means of our own endeavors.
The first lieutenant was busy with
the boxes and bundles which had bur
dened him on our trip toward the
zenith, and the captain graciously act
ed as gunner's mate. I climbed over
to the gunner's station and braced my
back firmly against the ventilating
shaft, while I obediently deafened my
self with cotton. The curve of the
dome hid the streets just beneath from
view, but at a block's distance T could
see the broken lines of the usual early
evening promenaders on the downtown
thoroughfares, and further away, on
the less frequented streets, the sporadic
flash of small explosives. A calm
seemed to have settled on the city, but
it was th^> unnatural calm which pre
cedes a storm.
The loaded shell slid smoothly into
Whenever troops irrive or depart frm the city, and whenever there is victory to proclaim for the Am
erican forces by land or sea, th« cannon on the dome of The Call's home thunders out the tidings
and keeps it up at minute intervals. So popular has this timely notice become that now at the
first report of the three-pounder people rush from ail directioi.s to read the news of the victory on
the bulletin board or to nee the troops go marching by.
place and the brass trap door closed
sharply after It. A stick attached to
an innocent looking bit of string was
put into my hand.
"Stand clear of everything," had been
my instructions. "Pull quick and hard,
rise on your toes as she goes off, and
look out for the kick."
I shut my eyes in cowardly .fashion
for one instant, then opened them with
a snap. My feminine nerves might be
weak, but the braver part of me want
ed to see and feel all that could be
crowded into that climacteric moment.
"One, two, three!"
There was a puff of white smoke, a
sword of red flame flashing out Into
the shadow, and a Bound as if the
heavens had fallen. That was the can
non.
And then the crimson glare of red
fire— The Call's message of victory
made our eyrie seem the center of a
seething volcano, and before the second
j shot rang out the streets as far as eye
I could see were alive with dark figures,
all coming as fast as hurrying feet or
suddenly overloaded cars could bring
them, to learn the details of the good
j tidings which my hand had sent them.
And while the cannon boomed on and
the red fire flared, and the crowds be
low shouted themselves hoarse, I looked
up into the quiet skies and thanked
God that after all our brave boys had
not died In vain.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
With the Transports
Bound for Santiago
By Richard Harding Davis
(Call-Herald Special Correspondence.)
On Board the Seguranca,
Oft! Cape Maysi, June 19.
THE largest number of United
States troops that ever went
down to the sea in ships to in
/ade a foreign cou-try were those
that formed the Fifth Army
Corps when it sailed for Santiago. The
thought of sixteen thousand men on
thirty-one troop ships and their escort
of fourteen warships suggests the
Spanish Armada.
It brings up a picture of a great flo
tilla, grim, • sinister atid menacing,
fighting its way through the waves on
its errand of vengeance and conquest.
But, as a matter of fact, the expedi
tion bore a most distinct air of the com
monplace. It moved through a suc
cession of sparkling, sunlit days, over
a sea as smooth as a lake, undisturbed
by Spanish cruisers or by shells from
Spanish forts. As far as the eye could
see it had the ocean entirely to itself.
Scattered over a distance of seven
miles the black passenger steamers and
the mouse colored warships steamed in
three uneven columns. They suggest
ed a cluster of excursion steamers,
yachts and tugs as one sees them com
ing back from Sandy Hook after an
international yacht race. What the
landing may be like we cannot fore
see, but the voyage was uneventful,
and the departure from Tampa Bay,
when it came after many weary post
ponements and delays, was neither pic
turesque nor moving. The band did
not play "The Girl I Left Behind Me,"
nor did crowds of weeping women cling
to the bulkheads and wave their damp
handkerchiefs; the men who were go
ing to die for their country did not
swarm in the rigging and cheer the
last sight of land. They had done
that on the morning of June 8, and had
been ingloriously towed back to the
dock; they had done it again on the
morning of June 10, and had immedi
ately dropped anchor a few hundred
yards off shore. So they were suspi
cious and wary, and when the head
quarters ship, the Seguranca, from
which this is written, left the dock
three colored women and a pathetic
group of perspiring stevedores and
three soldiers represented the popular
interest in her departure.
The troop ships were the best pas
senger steamers the Government could
buy. They were fitted up with pine
cots and a small proportion of stalls
for the horses, and the first-class
cabins were turned over to the officers.
On some of them the men swarmed
over every part of the ship, on others
the officers held the bridge to them
selves, on the majority the quarterdeck
was also reserved for them. There were
other differences; the food on some of
the ships was very bad; on most of
them it was the regular army rations
served to the men cold, with hot cof
fee. On a few of the ships the food
served •to the officers was provided
with patriotic feeling, free by the own
ers of the line to which the transports
belonged; on our ship it was charged
for at a moderate rate per day but it
was exceedingly bad.
It was for every one a most tedious
experience. For those who were not
able to withstand the slight motion of
the sea it was a week of sickness, with
out the comforts or seclusion that a
sick man generally obtains. The heat
below decks varied from 102 degrees to
110. Most of the men slept on the decks
at the imminent risk of rolling over
board; those who were quartered below
tossed and groaned during the night
and made up for lost time by sleeping
Probably half of the men forming the
expedition had nev^r been at sea be
fore. They probably will desire never
to go again, but will say from the depth
of their experience that the dangers of
the deep are vastly exaggerated. They
will not wish to go again, because their
first experience was more full of dis
comfort than any other trip will be that
they are likely to take; on the other
hand, they may sail the seas many
times before they find it as smopth, or
the rain as infrequent, the sun as beau
tiful, or the heavens as magnificent
We traveled at the rate of seven
miles an hour, with long pauses for
thought and consultation. Sometimes
we moved at the rate of four miles an
hour and frequently we did not move
at all.
The warships treated us with the
most punctilious courtesy and conceal
ed contempt. And we certainly de
served it. We could not keep in line
and we lost ourselves and each other
and the gunboat and torpedo boats
were kept busy rounding us up and
giving us sharp, precise orders in 'pass
ing, through a megaphone, to which
either nobody made any reply, or every
one did. The gunboats were like swift
keen-eyed, intelligent collies roundine
up a herd of bungling sheep. They
looked so workmanlike and clean and
the men were so smart in their white
duck, that the soldiers cheered them
all along the line as they dashed up and
down it, waving their wigwags franti
cally.
The life on borjd the headquarters
ship was uneventful for those who were
not in command. For these their tables
and desks were spread in the "social
*hall," and all day long they worked
busily and mysteriously on maps and
lists and orders, and six typewriters
banged on their machines until late at
night. The ship was greatly over
crowded; it held all of General Shaf
ter's staff, all of General Brecklnridge's
staff, the Cugan generals, the officers
and 500 men of the First Regiment, all
the foreign attaches, and an army of
stenographers, secretaries, clerks, serv
ants, couriers, valets and colored wait
ers.
All of these were Jumbled together.
There were three cane chairs with Beats
I
and two cane chairs without seats. If
you were so unlucky as not to capture
one of these you clung sidewise to the
bench around the ship's rail or sat.on
the deck. At no one moment were you
alone. Your most intimate conversa
tion was overheard by every one,
whether he ; wished to or not; the at
taches could not compare notes on our
deficiencies without being betrayed, nor
could the staff discuss its plan of cam
paign without giving it to the whole
ship. Seven different languages were
in course of constant circulation, and
the grievances of the servants and the
badinage of the colored cooks mingled
with the latest remarks on the war.
At night you picked your way over
prostrate forms of soldiers and of over
worked stewards, who . toiled eighteen
hours a day in a temperature of 102 de
grees. Four of the correspondents, who
were congratulating themselves on
having obtaim 1 outside cabins, found
out too late that they were situated
over the boiler, which would have been
most desirable on an Arctic expedition,
but which, as our cruise was in sum
mer seas, drove us to sleep on the deck,
where Frederic Pemington kicked me
on the head all night, and two soldiers
used my legs for pillows, and Stephen
Bonsai of McClure's Magazine and
Caspar Whitney of the Century Maga
zine walked on my chest.
The water ' on board the ship was so
bad that it could not be used to shave
with it smelled like a frog pond or a
stable yard and it tasted that way.
flri tin VC f arted from Tampa Bay the
toS \h G 5 "T aS exa mined by the doc
h«d'™ n ec ! ared that In s P ite of the
° ad smell and taste it was not un-
Jo^Vw C °l° nel X J - Astor offered
Plan^hfr freS o h Water for which Mr.
Plant charges 2 cents a gallon, if they
would empty all of the bad smelling
water overboard. General ShJSr "aid
Ltor^vr? cn ° Ufrh f ° r hlm and Cornel
Astor-s very considerate offer was not
sra. &£ SsKSg
£$ ri »rli§ En
cents a g ass to the ship's porter who
a d a he m / UP Ply of good \Jter
eh- - c made into lemonade The
wafer Cr6W engineers used this
NefwVork TnT" 5 Water came f™m
G?ve f r°nme hh nn a t n ?i n / the Ship over ■* the
have been four stewards to look
after the wants of fifty or sixty dm
S ii e haye Th food supplied *™* ft :
as 1 have previously stated, was vil
£££» T . he ? nllsted men forward were
with Jood'h BerVed by the Government
with Rood beans, corned beef and cof
fee. Apparently no contract or agreel
ment as to qualit; or quantity of food
for the officers had been made by the
Government with the Ward : Line w-
The squadron at night with the lights'
showing from every part of the horizon
made one think he : was entering a har
bor, ■or leaving one. But by day te
seemed adrift . on a sea as untrlveled
it. On the third day out we saw
it. Un the third day out we saw R - O
mano Key. It was the first sight of
land, and after that from time to time
we made out a line of blue mountains
on the starboard side. But up to the
present we have not been near enough
to the shore for the men to clearly dfs-
Unguish the land they have waited so
long to see. The squadron, though has
apparently been sighted from the shore!
for the lighthouses along the coast are
dark at night, which would seem to
show that the lesson of the armada
has not been lost on the Spaniard
Some one has said that "God takes
care of drunken men, sailors and the
United States." This expedition ap!
parently relied on the probability that
that axiom would prove true "The
Mr *?*""» British army," of which
Mr. Kipling boasts, is the luck of Job
in comparison to the good fortune that
has pursued n this expedition so far
There has really been nothing to prevent
a Spanish torpedo-boat from running
out and ; sinking four or five ships while
they + were drifting along, spread out
over the sea at such distance that the
vessels in the rear were lost to sight
for fourteen hours at a time and no
one knew whether they/had sunk or
had been blown up or had grown dis
gusted and gone back home. As one
of the generals on board said, "This is
God Almighty's war, and we are only
His agents." .
■ The foreign attaches regarded the
fair weather that accompanied us, the
brutal good health of the men, . the
small loss Nof horses and mules and
the entire freedom from interference on
the part of the enemy with the same
grudging envy that "one watches a suc
cessful, beginner winning continuous
ly, at roulette. At night the fleet was
as conspicuous as Brooklyn or New
York, with the lights of the bridge in
cluded, but the Spanish took no ad
vantage of that fact; no torpedo de
stroyers slipped out from Cardenas or
Neuvitas, or waited for us In the old
Bahama Channel, where for twelve
miles the ships were crowded into a
channel only seven miles across, iOf
course, our own escort would have
finished them if they had, but not be
fore they could have thrown torpedoes
right and left into the helpless hulks
of the transports and given us a loss
to remember even greater than that of
the Maine.
But, a3 it was, nothing happened. We
rolled along at our own pace, with the
lights the navy had told us to extin
guish blazing defiantly to the stars,
with bands banging out ragtime mu
sic, and with the foremost vessels sep
arated sometimes for half a day at a
time from the laggards in the rear.
It has been a most happy-go-lucky
expedition, run with real American op
timism and readiness to take big
chances; with the spirit of a people
who recklessly trust that it will come
out all right in the end, and that the
barely possible may not happen, that
the joker may not turn up to spoil the
hand, who risk grade crossings and all
that they imply, who race trans-At
lantic steamers through a fog for the
sake of a record, and who, on this oc
casion, certainly "euchered God's al
mighty storm and bluffed the eternal
sea."
No one has complained and no one
grumbled. The soldiers turned over to
sleep on the bare decks with final in
junctions not to be awakened for any
thing under a Spanish battle-ship, and
whenever the ships drew up alongside
the men bombarded each other with
jokes on the cheerful fact that they
were hungry and thirsty and sore for
sleep. To-morrow they will be at last
on the soil of Cuba, and what may be
fall them there one does not care to
consider. But so far, at least, our
army's greatest invasion of a foreign
land has been completely successful,
but chiefly so, one cannot help think
ing, because the Lord looks after his
own.
GREAT WATERFALLS
TO GUARD AGAINST FIRE.
■
Latest Contrivance to Protect Valuable Property
From Near-by Burning Buildings.
THE latest contrivance to be used
for protecting buildings against
fire is known as the "water cur
tain," and never was name more
appropriate. Although the idea
is not entirely new, it is just
coming into favor and is being fitted
to some of the finest buildings in this
country.
Just who invented the water curtain
is not of record in this country, and
perhaps- not in any other. As far as
known one of them was first put into
the Paris,, Opera-house about fifteen
years ago, but, as it happens, has
never been used.
The arrangement of the water cur
tain is simplicity itself. It is nothing
more than an iron pipe with hundreds
of small holes bored in one side of it.
This is connected with the public water
main, or pumps, and in time of danger
the water is turned on and descends
in a sheet that the fiercest flames can
not penetrate.
The water curtain in the Paris Op
era-house is intended to cut off the
stage from the rest of the building and
is only one of a dozen other safe
guards in the famous place of amuse
ment. In reality there are two water
curtains, as well as the asbestos cur
tain. They are placed high above the
stage close to the front wall and the
water is supposed to fall on the foot
lights.
One of these curtains operates in the
manno- that has already been described,
NEW WATER-CURTAIN, DESIGNED TO PROTECT BUILDINGS
FROM NEAR-BY FIRES,
The new water curtains, in action resembling a waterfall, are being
rapidly introduced through the valuable buildings of Chicago. They are
already in use in the big theaters of Paris. The sketch above shows how
a water curtain would be used on the Palace Hotel should it be threat
ened by fire from the Grand Hotel opposite.
but the other is intended to be
automatic and to accomplish its work
in case anything should prevent a man
getting to the valves to turn on the
water. The pipes with holes in them
are exactly alike in both instances, but
in the automatic one the holes are
plugged with soft lead. In this pipe
the water is always turned on. Should
a fire start on the stage and gain the
least headway it will melt the lead
plugs and allow the water to rush out
in a sheet capable of extinguishing a
large conflagration. It was this ap
plication to the stage that gave the
contrivance its name of water "cur
tain."
In this country the movement at
present is to put water curtains on
the outside of buildings to protect them
from fires in adjacent buildings. The
water curtain will also protect people
who are caught in a burning building
and fly to the windows to wait for
the hook and ladder men to help them
out.
In the outside water curtain there is
some little difference in construction
from the interior water curtain and is
of necessity more costly. The one at
present being attached to the great
Public Library building in Chicago is
a good type.
In this instance a seven-inch ste^l
water main is laid around the top of
the structure, upon the broad stone ta
ble formed by the top of the coping,
this pipe having connection with force
pumps situated in the basement, and,
through perforations properly ar
ranged, insures the introduction of a
snbstmtial sheet of water from cornice
to pavement, around the whole or any
imperiled portion of the building. The
arrangement of the system* of piping
is such as to enable operating in pro
scribed sections; additional relays of
smaller pipe are also placed in position
above the windows and doors, in order
to complete the curtaining of those
points in the most serviceable man
ner, should the curtain in the main
be broken by wind impingement
against the building.
A water curtain in operation is as
pretty a sight as can be seen anywhere.
On some of the big buildings in Chi
cago the water shoots out several feet
from the coping and then falls to the
ground like a glistening waterfall. It
completely covers the building like a
veil of mist, but permits the architec
ture to be seen.
Here's a new drink. It's the pousse
cafe a la Montague. Never heard of it,
eh? Well, it's simple enough, and the
great wonder is that nobody ever thought
of it before.
If you try it once you'll try it again.
But you don't want to try It too often—
that is, not at one sitting. Seductive?
It has all the fabled qualities of the lotos.
But after a good dinner it is delicious.
It isn't really a pousse cafe— that is, it
hasn't all the vari-colored ingredients of
which the more familiar tipple is built.
Tou simply fill a petit verre half full of
benedictine. and then slowly pour in the
same quantity of cold, rich cream. Then
you have your pousse cafe a la Mon
tague.
The cordial comes bubbling up through
the cream as a delicious, wicked sugges
tion might surge through the veins of an
innocent maiden. You sip it and you for
get all your troubles.LAST OF THE STIKINE ROUTE
AND
GO DEVILING TO THE KLONDIKE.
THE "All Canadian" route to the
Yukon by way of Glenora and
Teslin Lake is not fulfilling the
promise of its projectors in af
fording a direct and expeditious
highway to the gold fields. The engi
neer employed by the Canadian con
tractors, Mann, McKenzie & Co.,
to locate a narrow gauge railway
from Glenora to Teslin Lake, have
been recalled after three months of
w.^rk. and it is not likely that the
whistle of a locomotive will he heard
in that itgion by any of the present
kt-nerntion of wayfarers.
Bent on a year's outdoor work in
Erlt'sb Columbia 'and Alaska under
health oiciers I pushed on with '.ne of
Mann & McKenzie's engineering
corps to n point in the interior about
«ixty miles north of Glenora. I camped
for nine v*fk<= along the trail, md the
struggle of the adventurers Klondike
ward by way of Teslin Lake was wit
neefred by me in all its phases. This
movement carries with it episodes that
are really tragic
From th.' time large parties of men
began to ascend the fr*ozen Stik" n last
February, the difficulties of tin route
have multiplied up to the present hour.
The history of a large majority >t the
three thousand Klondikers now camped
in Qlenora, or strung along the Teslin
trail for fifty miles, properly bpganwith
an experience on the river early last
spring. A few men went up the river
in February with light dog teams, and
reaching Telegraph Creek, took the
winter trail and passed on to the lake.
The real movement, however, of men
with hones and large outfits did not
begin till some weeks later. March 10
found 1500 m^n stalled at Cotton wood
Island, and the first fifteen miles of the
Stikeen. Our expedition, backed by
the resources of the big Canadian con
tractors, pushed on through this fif
teen miles of heavy slush, leaving in
the rear many parties, which three
months later we met in Glenora, they
having been delayed for that time in
their efforts to get up the river.
After passing the Alaskan boundary
the party was detained a week at a
point fifty-five miles up the river,
bridging open water on the Stikeen. In
other places progress was barred
by great dunes or drifts of snow
extending from bank to bank. The
horses were completely useless in
this heavy snow, and the bis sleds
loaded with hay, oats and two
months' provisions for twenty
men were tugged for miles over
the big drifts by hand. Occasion
ally a horse would lose heart after
floundering through the snow for
half a day and no longer respond
to the efforts of the teamsters.
It would then be necessary to un
load a sleigh. Upon this sleigh
the horse would be securely
bound and in this way drawn out
to a place of safety. Two of our
horses following behind with pro
vender disappeared through the
Ice and were seen no more. A big
whisky outfit also disappeared in
similar fashion within two miles
of Telegraph Creek. Two months
later a barrel of whisky was re
covered fifteen miles below by Mr.
Garden of Clark's survey corps.
In the next six weeks eight Klun
dikers lost their lives in as many
different accidents on the river.
On reaching Telegraph Creek, March
29, the southern exposures of the moun
tain slopes were almost devoid of snow.
Klondikers arriving with dogs and
sleds a few days later were nonplused
to find the trail impassable for sleds
over the first few miles of the steep
ascent from the Stikeen. The Indians
began at once a lively business packing
to the first summit of 2700 feet over a
distance of nine miles at the rate of 4
cents per pound, or $S0 a ton.
With an abundance of horse feed.
with every facility, and by laboring as
much as eighteen hours out of the
twenty-four, our party made the river
trip from Wrangel to Telegraph Creek
in three weeks. The party was one of
the first of the big outfits with horses
to arrive at Telegraph. In the next
week men with horse teams continued
to pull in. The demand for horse prov
ender became sharp.
by the bale at the rate of $400 per ton.
Attention was drawn to a New Zea
lander who was keeping his cayoose on
a regime of oatmep.l porridge and
dog biscuits. This fortunate gramini
vorous beast had a fashion of thrust
ing its body far within the tent flaps
to secure a ration of bread stuffs and
would eagerly swallow the bolus at a
single gulp.
J. C. Calbreath. an old settler and ad
vance agent of civilization at Tele
graph Creek Is said to have cnught the
hay market advantageously, having
saved a large crop of hay from his
ranch on the Tahltan. Some cayooses
wintered by Mr. Calbreath fetched
thoroughbred prices before the arrival
of the boats; the same thrifty pioneer
had regular pack trains running Into
Dense Lake as early as May 1 at rates
of 15 cents per pound, and on the Tes
lin Lake trail by the middle of May at
40 cents per pound. These light Indian
ponies, with proper handling, were
packing about three hundred pounds
apiece over the mountains.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
The author of this article was one of a party of surveyors
and engineers recently sent west by the Canadian Government to
survey the route for a railroad by what is known as the Stikme
route via Glenora and Teslin Lake, into the Klondike. The pro
posed road was to be a part of the "All Canadian- route into the
new goldfields. The mishaps that attended the party, the extraor
dinary obstacles they encountered, the perils awaiting the thou
sands of gold-hunters and adventurers met along the way are
here fully set forth.
The surveying party was obliged to give up its work, aban
dor its plans, and the Stikine route is said to be a thing of tha
Tjast The gold-hunters, accordi lg to the writer's story, are leav
fnc it as fast as they can get out. So another much advertised
road to the Klondike is marked "Closed" after the expenditure of
much time and several fortunes.
From the middle of April to May 20
it was Impossible to get a loaded horse
over the first summit. When the BUr
vev party was running try lines at that
t»oint April 11. Charles Collins, rodman,
reoorted a mean depth of seven feet
two inches of snow on about two miles
of the trail. A false step from the
narrow, hard parked trail would land
a horse above his withers in porous
granulated snow. While camped here
J. C. Claus of Nanaimo, B. C, the al
leged murderer of his partners. Burns
and Hendrickson, passed us. He was
overtaken two days later by the police
and haled back to Telegraph Creek.
The topography of the county from
this first summit to the Little Tahltan
River indicates a fall of 2COO feet in an
easy gradient of eleven miles. On ap
proaching the river the grade declines
sharply, forcing the railroad location
v circuit of three miles up stream on
a 3 per cent grade. At this point on
the trail numerous Klondikers have
come to grief. T T p to June 1, on this
north slope, the ice remained intact un
der a heavy covering of moss, and this,
in conjunction with a sharp falling off
of the mountain, made the last 500 feet
of the descent difficult and dangerous.
A squad of Canadian mounted police
were recently put to work removing
this moss and, under the exposure' of
an eighteen hours' sun, this portion of
the trail will soon become more toler
able.
A substantial bridge 125 feet in
)< ■ngth was thrown across the river at
this point under the direction of Cap
tain Bullock-Webster, S. M., of the
Provincial Government.
The trail from this point winds in
sharp undulations for five miles over
the mountains to the Big Tahltan. In
reaching the valley, freight is lowered
150 feet down a precipitous descent by
means of block and tackle. Ducks
were plentiful on a small lake near
by and, though of a fishy flavor, were
eagerly devoured by the bacon and
beans contingent of wayfarers. The
trail following the windings of the Dig
Tahltan is in fairly serviceable condi
tion as far as the second summit or
the First Coketsie Lake. The altitude
here is about three thousand feet, but
the ascent for the fifteen miles Is bo
pradual that it may be reckoned the
easiest stretch of the route. A few miles
farther on lies the Second Coketsie
Lake — one of the sources of the Taku
River — the waters of which mingle
with the ocean at Juneau, Alaska. The
Shesley, a stream of importance, Is
next encountered. Crossing by means
of a substantial bridge the traveler
finds himself at the Hudson Bay post
(abandoned) with half the distance to
Teslin LaKe accomplished.
But from here on troubles multiply.
Instt-ad of a rugged trail over the
mountains the pathway dpscends Into
willow swamps and muskeag bogs.
Vast clouds of mosquitoes rise from the
damp moss to torment poor humanity,
while the pack horses sink into the
mire to their knees at every plunge.
Along one of these mossy stretches the
writer observed two lusty men In tears.
The mosquitoes had plagued them to a
point beyond patient or profane en
durance. Many outfits passed us dur
ing the nine weeks our party was
camped along the line of travel.
Gnlbroath ai.d Highland of Telegraph
Creek and the Hudson Bay Company of
Glnnora had contracts for all they can
take in to the lake during the summer
at $800 per ton. It is notable that not
one of theee pack trains had returned
up to June 10. Silas Taylor of Berlin,
Md.. and his partner are the only men
I discovered who succeeded in reaching
the lake after the condition of the trail
caused the abandonment of dog sleds.
These two men went in to the lake
in April carrying fifty pound ,>aeks and
accompanied by pack dogs. They re
turned a month later for a fresh supply
of provisions and reported gr^at scar
city of food at the lake and the ina
bility of the men there to secure em
ployment unless agreeing to board
themselves. The Edwards party of
Montreal succeeded in getting a part
of their outfit as far as Long Lake or
within twelve miles of Teslln, some of
their men were returning to the Little
Tahltan for their cache at that P oint ;
Dr. Edwards said that he uad aban
doned all hope of getting to his desti
nation, the Stewart River, tWa ye*x.
Many permane t camps are to be ob
served along t:.o trail, where men «ho
came up the river through the Bnowa
of test winter are now sitting calmly
clown under their mosquito net cano
pies waiting the return of another
winter before renewing their Journey .
One sees strange varieties of go
devils "or one-wheel 1 contrivances for
propulsion over the narrow trail. These
wheels, made in the wilderness with
poor tools, are ingeniously conceded
but rudely r-ecuted. Loads of 500
pounds are stored upon them and taken
a the rate of four or five miles a day
as far as the Hudson Bay post. They
Ire all built with a low center of
gr Here y 'then is the situation as viewed
by a Klondlker in Glenora. Lpward
of 3000 people are camped there where
three months ago only a few m mWe
Indians were cabined. Fully two-
to transport freight in via Wrangei,
Dyea, the Chilkoot Pass and Lake Ben
nett for 15 cents a pound and they did
a thriving business booking Klondikers
down the ri-er, but no proposition how
ever liberal can affect the m«n who
have already expended their last $100
in getting to Glenora. As to paying
$800 for the chance of getting a year's
provisions packed to Teslin, well, it is
simply out of the question and so they
sit helplessly by to become mayhap ob
jects for Government intervention.
Fourteen powerful steamers are do-
Ing business on the Stikine. and as
many as four a day arrive at Glenora.
Passengers disembark with wagons and
horses and their goods are piled thirty
feet high along the river front. As the
philosophic Tahltan Indian loiters
about this strange scene of activity and
attentively regards the new arrivals
and their prodigious quantity of imped
imenta his mind may revert in its
heavy bovine fashion to 140 miles of
narrow Indian trail over mountains and
through swamps and he may wonder
in his simple childlike way what his
HOW JWS .MJJK.E SLAVES OF THEIR FELLOWS.
The warrior ant is a slave-making
species, says Grant Allen. It is a large
red kind, and it makes raids against
nests of the small yellow turf ant, a
mild and docile race, large numbers of
which it carries off to act as servants.
But it does not steal fully grown
turf ants: their habits are formed and
they would be useless for such a pur
pose. What the warrior ant wants is
raw material, which can re turned into
thoroughly well trained servants. So it
merely kills the adult ants which strive
to oppose its aggression, and contents
Itself with trundling home to Its own
nest the larvae and pupae of the turf
ants which it has put to flight and van
enterprising white brethren intend to
do about it. „ ..
In speaking his own convictions the
writer is confident that grit and desper
ate energy will carry many through to
the lake late in the summer when the
swamps are dried out. It is also
equally certain that many more must
find the means to avail themselves of
another route or else to return whence
they came.
As to the condition of the man who,
in the face of an unprejudiced warning,
stakes his all in an attempt to pass to
quished.
In time these grubs and cocoons pro
duce full grown yellow workers, which j
can be taught by the warrior ants to j
act as nurses and housemaids. I once
saw in a garden in Algiers a great
pitched battle going on between slave
makers and the family of the future j
slaves, in which the ground was strewn
with the corpses of tho vanquished. Not
till the nest of the smaller ants was al
most exterminated did they retire from
the unequal contest and allow the
proud invader to carry off their broth
ers and sisters in their cocoons, asleep
and unconscious. Occasionally, by dint
of mere numbers, they beat off the in
vader with heavy loss; but much more
the gold fields over the "All-Canadian"
route in its present status the opinion
can be expressed in all sympathy, but
with much conviction that the last
state of that man shall be worse than
his first. ALFRED P. DENNIS.
often the large and strong jawed war
riors win the day, and destroy to a
worker the opposing forces. They
crush their adversaries' heads with
their visclike mandibles. Meanwhile,
within the nest, the other half of the
workers— the division told off as spe
eia,l nurses — are otherwise employed in
defending and protecting the rising
generation. At the first alarm, at the
first watchword passed with waving
antenae through the rest; "A warrior
host is attacking us!" they hurry to
the chambers where the cocoons are
stored and bear them off in their
mouths into the recesses of the nest,
the lowest and most Inaccessible of all
the chambers.
2324
THE MAN WHO COULD WORK MIRACLES.
IT [8 doubtful whether the gift was Innate. For my
own part I think it came to him suddenly. Indeed,
until he was 30 he was a sceptic, and did not believe
in miraculous powers. And here, since it is the most
enl( hi place, I must mention that he was a little
man, and had eyes of a hot brown, very erect red
a mustache like the German emperor's and
fre< kli b. Hi: name was George McWhirter Fotheringay—
l iy any means to lead to any expec
tation of miracles— and he was clerk at Gomshott's. He
was greatlj addicted to assertive argument. It was while
ho was asserting the Impossibility of miracles that he hail
liis tirst intimation of his extraordinary powers. This par
ticular argumeni was being held in the bar of the Long
Dragon, and Toddy Beamish was conducting the opposi
tion by a monotonous but effective "So you say" that
Mr. Fotheringay to the very limit of his patience.
There were present, besides these two, a very dusty cy
clist. Landlord Cox, and Miss Maybridge, the perfectly re
spectable and rather portly barmaid of the Dragon. Miss
Maybridge was standing with her back to Mr. Fotherin
gay, washing glasses; the others were watching him,
more or less amused by the present ineffectiveness of the
assertive method. Goaded by the Torres Vedras tactics
of -Mr. Beamish, Mr. Fotheringay determined to make an
unusual rhetorical effort. "Looky here, Mr. Beamish," said
Mr. Fotheringay, "let us clearly understand what a mir
acle is. It's something contrariwise to the course of na
ture, clone by power ot will, something that couldn't hap
pen without being specially willed."
"For Instance," said Mr. Fotheringay, greatly encour
aged. "Here would be a miracle. That lamp, in the natu
ral course of nature, couldn't burn like that upsy-down,
could it. Beamish?"
"You say it couldn't," said Beamish.
"And you?" said Fotheringay. "You don't mean to
say—
"No," said Beamish, reluctantly. "No, It couldn't."
. "Very well," said Mr. Fotheringay. "Then here comes
some one, as it might be, along here, and stands, as it
might be. here, and says to that lamp, as I do, collecting
all my will: Turn upsy-down without breaking, and go
on burning steady Hullo!"
It was enough to make any one say "Hullo!" The im
possible, the incredible, was visible to them all. The
lamp bung inverted in the air. burning quietly with its
flame pointing down. It was as solid, as indisputable as
ever a lamp was, the prosaic common lamp of the Long
Dragon bar.
Mr. Fotheringay stood with an extended forefinger and
the knitted brows of one anticipating a catastrophic
smash. The cyclist, who was sitting next the lamp, duck
ed and jumped across the bar. Everybody jumped, more
or less. Miss Maybridge turned and screamed. For nearly
three seconds the lamp remained still. A faint cry of men
tal distress came from Mr. Fotheringay. "I can't keep it
up," he said, "any longer." He staggered back, and the
inverted lamp suddenly flared, fell against the corner of
the bar, bounced aside, smashed upon the floor, and went
out.
It was lucky it had a metal receiver, or the whole
place would have been in a blaze. Mr. Cox was the first
to speak, and his remark, shorn of needless excrescences,
was to the fleet that Fotheringay was a fool. Fotherin
gay was beyond disputing even so fundamental a proposi
tion as that! He was astonished beyond measure at the
thing that had occurred. The subsequent conversation
threw absolutely no light on the matter so far as Fother
ingay was concerned; the general opinion not only follow
ed Mr. Cox very closely, but very vehemently. Every one
accused Fothringay of a silly trick, and presented him to
himself as a foolish destroyer of comfort and security. His
mind was in a tornado of perplexity, he was himself in
clined t<» agree with them, and he made a remarkably in
effectual opposition to the proposal of his departure.
He went home flushed and heated, coat collar crumpl
ed, eyes smarting and ears red. He watched each of the
ten street lamps nervously as he passed it. It was only
when he found himself alone in his little bedroom In
Church row that he was able to grapple seriously with his
memories of the occurrence, and ask, "What on earth
happened?"
He had removed his coat and boots, and was sitting on
the bed with his hands In his pockets repeating the text of
his defense for the seventeenth time, "1 didn't want the
confounded thing to upset." when it occurred to him that
nt the precise moment he had said the commanding words
ho had Inadvertently willed the thing he. said, and that
when he had Been the lamp in the air he had felt that it
depended on him to maintain it there without being clear
how this was to be done. He had not a particularly com
plex mind, or ho might have stuck for a time at that
"inadvertently willed," embracing, as it does, the abstrus
est problems of voluntary action: but as it was, the idea
came to him with a quite acceptable haziness. And from
that, following, as I must admit, no clear logical path, he
came to the test of experiment.
He pointed resolutely to his candle and collected his
mind, though he felt he did a foolish thing. "Be raised
up," be said. But in a second that feeling vanished. The
candle was raised, hung in the air one giddy moment, and.
as Mr. Fotheringay gasped, fell with a smash on his toilet
table, leaving him in darkness save for the expiring glow
of its wick. ,
For a time Mr. Fotheringay sat in the darkness, per
fectly still. "It did happen, after all," he said. "And 'ow
I'm to explain it 1 don't know." He sighed heavily, and
began feeling in his pockets for a match. He could find
none, and he rose and groped about the toilet table. "I
wish I had a match.' he said. He resorted to his coat, and
there was none there, and then it dawned upon him that
miracles were possible even with matches. He extended a
hand and scowled at it in the dark. "Let there be a match
in that hand." he said. He felt some light object fall
across his palm, and his fingers closed upon a match
After several ineffectual attempts to light this, he dis
covered it was a safety match. He threw It down, and
then It occurred to him that he might have willed it lit
He did. and perceived It burning In the midst of his toilet
table mat. He caught it up hastily, and It went out. His
perception of possibilities enlarged, and he felt for and re
placed the candle in the candlestick. "Here, you be lit"
said Mr. Fotheringay. and forthwith the candle was flar
ing, and he saw a little black hole in the toilet cover with
a wisp of smoke rising from It. For a time he stared from
this to the little flame and back, and then looked up and
met his own gr>ze in the looking glass. By this help he
communed with himself in silence for a time.
"How about miracles now?" said Mr. Fotheringay at
last, addressing his reflection.
F. theringay then went to bed and after a good sleep
awoke at his usual hour. He was pensive all through
breakfast time, wondering whether his overnight experi
ence might not be a particularly vivid dream. At length
his mind turned again to cautious experiments. For in
stance, be had three eggs for breakfast; two his landlady
bad supplied, good but shoppy, and one was a delicious
fresh goose egg. laid, cooked and served by his extraor
dinary will. He hurried off to Gomshott's in a state of
profound but carefully concealed excitement, and only re
membered the -.hell of the third egg when his landlady
spoke of it that night.
As the day wore on his state of mind passed from
wonder to elation. It was evident he must be careful how
he lifted frangible articles, but in other ways his gift
iiromised more and more as he turned It over in his mind
Ho Intended among other things to increase his personal
property by unostentatious acts of creation. He called
into existence a pair of very splendid diamond studs, and
hastily annihilated them again as young Gomshott came
across the counting house to his desk.
After supper that evening he went Into the lane beyond
the pas works, to rehearse a few miracles In private
There was possibly a certain want of originality in his
attempts, for apart from his will power Mr. Fotheringay
wns not a very exceptional man. The miracle of Moses'
rod came to his mind, but the night was dark and unfavor
phle to the proper control of large miraculous snakes.
Then he recollected the story of "Tannhauser" that he had
ri ad on the back of the Philharmonic programme. That
sonmed to him singularly attractive nnd harmless. He
stuck his walking stick— a very nice Poona-Penang law-
SYMBOLS JUST CREATED BY THE GOVERNMENT FOR THE VARIOUS ARMY CORPS
WASH.NGTON.-An o,de, wa, ,ssued a, ,h, w. Depart™, las, nigh, designing ,he symb ol 5 which w,,l ind.ca.e the various army co f ps o, the land fo ,ces dunng ,he p,esen, wa, and w h ,ch are des,,ned „be P e,pe, u a,ed by future ye, The symbol s
BY H. G. WELLS.
"BE RAISED UP," HE SAID. THE CANDLE WAS RAISED AND HUNG IN THE fIIR ONE GIDDY MOMENT.
yer— into the turf that edged the footpath, and commanded
the dry wood to blossom. The air was immediately full of
the scent of roses, and by means of a match he saw for
himself that this beautiful miracle was indeed accomplish
ed. His satisfaction was ended by advancing footsteps.
Afraid of a premature discovery of his powers, he ad
dressed the blossoming stick hastily: "Go back."' What,
he meant was "Change back;" but <>f course he was con
fused. The stick receded at a considerable velocity, and
incontinently came a cry of anger and a bad word from
the approaching person. "Who are you throwing bram
bles at, you fool?" cried a voice. "That got me on the
shin." •
"I'm sonry, old chap," said Mr. Fotheringay, and then
realizing the awkward nature of the explanation, caught
nervously at his mustache. He saw Winch, one of the
three Immering constables, advancing.
"What dyer mean by it?" asked the constable.
"Hullo: It's you. is it? The gent that broke the lamp at
the Long Dragon!"
'I don't mean anything by it," said Mr. Fotheringay.
"Nothing at all."
"What yer do it for then?"
"O. bother:" said Mr. Fotheringay.
"Bother Indeed! Dyer know that stick hurt? What
dyer do it for, eh?"
For the moment Mr. Fotheringay could not think what
he had done it for. His silence seemed to irritate Mr.
Winch. "You've been assaulting the police, young man,
this time. That's what you done."
"Look her.-, Mr. Winch," Bald Mr. Fotheringay, annoy
ed and confused, "I'm very sorry. The fact is — ""
••Well?"
He could think of no way but the truth. "I was work
ing n miracle." He tried to speak in an off-hand way, but
try as he would he couldn't.
"Working a— ! 'Ere, don't talk rot. Fact is, this is
another of yer silly conjuring tricks— that's what this is.
Now. I tell you—" •
But Mr. Fotheringay never heard what Mr. Winch'was
going to fll him. He realized he had given himself away,
flung his valuable secret to the fair winds of heaven. A
violent gust of irritation swept him to action. He turned
on the constable swiftly and fiercely. "Here," he said.
"I've h.-vi enough of this, I have! I'll show you a silly
conjuring trick. I will! Go to hades! Go ; now!"
He was alone!
Mr. Fotheringay performed no more miracles that
night, nor did he trouble to see what had become of his
flowering stick. He returned to the town forthwith, scared
and very quiet, and went to his bedroom. "Lord.'" he said
"it's a powerful gift— an extremely powerful gift. f didn't
hardly mean as much as that. Not really. • • • I wonder
what hades is like!"
He sat on the bed taking off his boots. Strurk by a
happy thought he transferred the contsable to San Fran
cisco, and without any more interference with normal
causation went soberly to bed. In the night he dreamt of
the anger of Winch.
The next day Mr. Fotheringay heard two interesting
items of news. Some one had planted a most beautiful
climbing rose against the elder Mr. Oomsfiott's private
house in the Lullaborough road, and the river as far as
Rawling's mill was to be dragged for constable Winch.
On Sunday evening he went to chapel, and oddly
enough, Mr. Maydlg. who took a certain Interest in occult
matters, preached about "things that are not lawful " Mr
Fotheringay was not a regular chapel-goer, but the system
of assertive skepticism, to which I have already alluded
was now very much shaken. The tenor of the sermon
threw an entirely new light on these novel gifts and he
suddenly decided to consult Mr. Maydig Immediately after
the service. So s»nn ns thnt was determined he found him
self wondering why he had not done so before.
Mr. Maydig, a lean, excitable man with quite remark
ably long wrists and neck, was gratified at the request for
a private conversation from a young man whoso careless
ness In religious matters was a matter for general remark
in the town. After a few necessary delays, he conducted
him to the study of the Mnnse.
At first Mr Fotheringay was a little abashed, and
found some difficulty In opening the matter. "You will
scarcely believe me, Mr. Maydig. 1 am afraid " and so
forth for some time. He tried a question at last and asked
Mr. Mnvdlg his opinion of miracles.
Mr. Maydig was still saying "well," in an extremely ju
dicial tone, when Mr. Fotheringay interrupt..! again. "You
don't believe. I suppose, that some common son of person
—like myself, for Instance— as it might be sitting here now
might have some sort of twist inside him mat made him
able to do things by his will."
"It's possible." "said Mr. Maydig. "Something of the
sort, perhaps. )P possible."
"If I might make free with something here, T think I
might show you by a sort of experiment," said Mr Foth
eringray. "Now, take that tobacco jar en the table for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
instance. What I want to know is whether what I am
going to do with it is a miracle or not. Just half a min
ute, Air. Maydig, please."
He knitted his brows, pointed to the tobacco jar and
said: "Be a bowl of vi'lets."
The tobacco jar did as it was ordered.
Mr. Maydig started violently at the change, and stood
looking from the thaumaturgist to the bowt of flowers. He
said nothing. Presently he ventured to lean over the
table and smell the violets; they were fresh picked and
very fine ones. Then he started at Mr. Fotheringay again.
"How did you do that." he asked.
Mr. Fotheringay pulled his mustache. "Just told it—
and there, you are. Is that a miracle, or is it black art, or
what is it? And what do you thinks the matter with
me? That's what I want to ask."
"It's a most extraordinary occurrence."
"Now. after that it's easier to explain what I came
about." said Mr. Fotheringay, and proceeded to a lengthy
and Involved narrative of his strange experiences, begin
ning with the affair of the lamp in the Long Dragon and
complicated by persistent allusions to Winch. As he
went on, the transient pride Mr. May dig's consternation
had caused passed away, he became the very ordinary Mr.
Fotheringay of everyday intercourse again". Mr. Maydig
listened intently, the tobacco jar in his hand, and his bear
ing changed also with the course of the narrative. Pres
ently, while Mr. Fotheringay was dealing with the miracle
of the third egg, the minister interrupted with a fluttering
extended hand—
"It is possible," he said. "It is credible. It is amaz
ing, of course, but it reconciles a number of amazing dif
ficulties. The power to work miracles Is a gift, a peculiar
quality, like genius or second sight."
Mr. Fotheringay proceeded to tell of his misadventure
with Winch, and Mr. Maydig, no longer overawed or
scared, began to jerk his limbs about and interject aston
ishment. "It's this what troubled me most," proceeded
Mr. Fotheringay; "it's this I'm most mightily in want of
advice, for of course he's at San Francisco— wherever San
Francisco may be— but of course it's awkward for both
of us. as you'll see, Mr. Maydig.
Mr. Maydig Inked serious. "I see you arc In a tangle.
Yes. it's a difficult position. How you are to end it—" He
became diffuse and inconclusive.
"However, we'll leave Winch for a little and discuss
the larger question. I don't think this is a case of the
black art or anything of the sort. I don't think there is
any taint of criminality about it at all. Mr. Fotheringay—
none whatever, unless you are suppressing material facts.
No. it's miracles of the very highest class."
He began to pace the hearthrug and gesticulate, while
Mr. Fotheringay sat with his arm on the table and his
head on his arm, looking worried. "I don't see how I'm
to manage about Winch." he said.
"A gif of working miracles— apparently a very power
ful gift." paid Mr. Maydig. "will find a way about Winch
never feai My dear sir. you are a most Important man—
a man of i,ie most astonishing possibilities. As evidence,
for example! And in other ways, the things you may
do—"
"Yes, I've thought of a thing or two," said Mr. Fother
ingay. "But— some of the things came a bit twisty. You
saw that fish at first? Wrong sort of bowl and wrong sort
of fish. And I thought I'd ask some one."
"A proper course." said Mr. Maydig, "a very proper
course— altogether the proper course."
He stopped and looked at Mr. Fotheringay. "It's prac
tically an unlimited gift. Let us test your powers, for in
stance. If they really are. * • • If they reaMy are all they
seem to be."
And so, incredible as It may seem, in the study of the
little ljouse behind the Congregational chapel, on the even-
Ing of Sunday, Nov. 10, lSHfi. Mr. Fotheringay, egged on
and inspired by Mr. Maydig, began to work miracles. The
reader's attention Is specially and definitely called to the
date. He will object, probably has already objected that
certain points in this story are improbunte; that if any
things or the sort already described had indeed occurred
they would have been in all the papers a year ago. The
details immediately following he will find particularly hard
to accept, because among other things they Involve the
conclusion that he or she, the reader In Question, must
have been killed in a violent and unprecedented manner
more than a year ago. Now a miracle is nothing if not
improbable, and as a matter of fact the reader was killed
:n a violent and unprecedented manner a year ago. In the
subsequent course of this story that will become per
fectly clear and credible, as every rightminded and
reasonable reader will admit. After Kntneringay and
Maydig had worked a dozen of these domestic trivi
filties. their sense of power grew, their imagination
began to show signs of stimulation and their ambition en
larged. Their first larger enterprise was due to hunger
and the negligence of Mrs. Minchln. Mr. Maydig's house
keeper. The meal to which the minister conducted Mr.
Fotheiingray was certainly ill-laid and uninviting as re
freshment for two industrious miracle-workers, but they
were already seated, and Mr. Maydig- was descanting in
sorrow rather than in anger upon his housekeeper's short
comings, before it occurred to Mr. Fotheringay that an op
portunity lay before him. "Don't you think, Mr.'Maydig "
he said, 'if it isn't a liberty. I—"
"My dear Mr. Fotheringay! Of course! No— l didn't
think.''
Mr. Fotheringay waved his hand. "What shall we
have?" he said, in a large, inclusive spirit, and. at Mr.
Maydig's order, revised the supper very thoroughly. "As
for me." be said, eying Mr. Maydig's selection, 'Tin al
ways particularly fond of a tankard of stout and a nice
welsh rabbit, and I'll order that. I ain't muen given to
Burgundy," and forthwith stout and welsh rabbit prompt
ly appeared at his command. They sat long at their sup
per, talking like equals, as Mr. Fotheringay presently per
celved, with a glow of surprise and gratification, of all the
miracles they would presently do. "And. by the by. Mr.
Maydig," said Mr. Fotheringay, "I might perhaps be able
to heli> you— in the domestic way."
"Don't quite follow," said .Mr. Maydig. pouring out a
glass of miraculous old Burgundy.
"The tiling's unlimited, seemingly," said Mr. Fotherin
gay. "And. about Mr. Winch—
"Altogether unlimited." And from the opposite side of
the table Mr. Maydig, waving the Wmcn difficulty aside,
unfolded a series "i" wonderful proposals — proposals he in
vented as he went along.
Now what those 'proposals were does not concern the
essentials of this scry. Suffice it that they were designed
in a spirit of Infinite benevolence, th<> sort of benevolence
that used to be called postprandial. Suffice, it. too, that the
problem of Winch remained unsolved. Nor is it necessary
to describe how far that series got to its fulfilment.
There were astonishing changes. The smo.ll hours found
Mr. Maydig and Mr. Fotheringay careering across the
chilly market square under the still moon. In a sort of
ecstacy of thaumaturgy, Mr. Maydig all flap and gesture,
Mr. Fotheringay short and bristling, and no longer abash
ed at his greatness. They had reformed every drunkard in
the parliamentary division, changed all tbr veer and alco
hol to water (Mr. Maydig had overruled Mr. Fotheringay
on this point); they had. further, greatly improved the
railway communication of the place, drained Flinder"s
swamp, Improved the soil of One Tree hill and cured the
vicar's wart. And they were going to see wnat could be
done with the injured pier at South Bridge. "The place,"
gasped Mr. Maydig. "won't be the same place to-morow.
How surprised and thankful every one will be!" And just
at that moment the churcTi clock struck a.
"T say." said Mr. Fotheringay, "that's S o'clock! I
must be getting back. I've got to be at business by 8.
And besides, Mrs. Wimms— "
"We're only beginning," said Mr. Maydig, full of the
sweetness of unlimited power. "We're only beginning.
Think of all the good we're doing. When people wake —
"But—" said Mr. Fotheringay. '
Mr. Maydig gripped his arm suddenly. His eyes were
bright and wild. "My dear chap," he said, "there's no
hurry. Look"— he pointed to the moon at the zenith—
"Joshua!"
"Joshua?" said Mr. Fotheringay.
"Joshua," said Mr. Maydig. "Why not? Stop it."
Mr. Fotheringay looked at the moon.
"That's a bit tall." he said after a pause.
"Why not?" said Mr. Maydig. "Of course It doesn't
stop. You stop the rotation of the earth, you know.
Time stops. It isn't as if we were doing harm."
"H'm!" said Mr. Fotheringay, "Well." He sighed
"I'll try. Here—"
He buttoned up his jacket and addressed himself to the
habitable globe, with as good an assumption of confidence
as lay in his power. r 'Jest stop rotating, will you?"
said Mr. Fotheringay.
Incontinently he was flying head over heels through the
air at the rate of dozens of miles a minute. In spite of
the innumerable circles he was describing per second, he
thought; for thought is wonderful— sometimes as slug
gish as flowing pitch, sometimes as instantaneous as light.
He thought in a second, and willed. "Let me come down
safe and sound. Whatever else happens, let me down safe
and sound!"
He willed it only just in time, for his clothes, heated by
his rapid flight through the air, were already beginning
to singe. He came down with a forcible but by no means
injurious, bump in what appeared to be a mound of fresh
turned earth. A large mass of metal and masonry ex
traordinarily like the clock tower in the middle of the mar
ket square, hit the earth near him. ricochetted over him
and flew into stonework, bricks and masonry, like a burst
ing bomb. A hurtling cow hit one of the larger blocks*and
smashed like an egg. There was a crash that made all the
most violent crashes of his past life seem like the sound
of falling dust, and this was followed hv a dcspDn^in^ „„..
100 nf lesser crashes. A vast wind roared throughout
earth and heaven, so that he could scarcely lift his head
tn look For a while he was too breathless and aston
ished even to see where he was or what had happened.
AnH hi« tirst movement was to reel his head and re
assure himself that his streaming hair was still his- own.
"LoS™ gasped Mr - Fotherinlay, ble to speak
for the gale "I've had a squeak! What's gone wrong?
Storms 'fnd thunder. And only a minute ago a line night,
ifs Mfvd £ set roe on to this sort of thin* v :■,;; a wind!
If I go oil 'fooling: in this way I'm Botad to have a thun
dering accident! *^ * ?
•'•What a confounded mess everythWs In!"
H p looked about him so tar as his Happing :icket would
nermit' Thi mcc of things was really extremely
struiee "The skVs all right, anyhow, said Mr. Fother-
Wher^s-where^ everything? And what on earth set this
of hfs Jacket streaming over his head. "There's something
seriously" wrong." said Mr. Fothenngay. "And what it is
"TarMd^idenothing was visible in the white glare
through the haze of dust that drove before a Bcreaming
m" but tumbled masses of earth and heaps of inchoate
ruins no trees, no houses, no familiar shapes, only a wild
erm-Vs of disorder vanishing at last into the darkness be
neath the whirling columns and streamers, tne lightnings
and thu-d' rings of a swiftly rising storm. Near him in the
flvid glaVe was something that might once have beer, an
elm tree a smashed mass of splinters, shivered from
boSghstb base\ and further a twisted mass of iron gird
ers-only too evidently the viaduct-rose out of the piled
confusion. . . . 
You see. when Mr. Fotheringay had arrested the rota
tion of the solid globe, he had made no stipulation con
cerning the trilling movables upon its surface. And the
earth spins so fast that the surface at its equator is travel
ing at rather morn than 1000 miles an hour and in these
latitudes at more than half that pace. So that the village
and Mr. Maydig and Mr. Fotheringay and everybody and
everything had been jerked violently forward at about
nine'miles per second— that is to Say, much more violently
than if they had been fired out of a cannon. And every
human being, every living creature, every house and every
tree— all the world as we know it— had been so jerked and
smashed and utterly destroyed. That was all. .
These things, Mr. Fotheringay did not, or course, fully
appreciate. Bui lv- perceived that his miracle had miscar
ried, and with that a great disgust of miracles came upon
him. He was in darkness now. for the clouds had swept
together and hluttt-d out his momentary glimpse of the
moon, and the air was full of fitful, struggling, tortured
wraiths of hail. A great roaring of wind and waters filled
earth and sky, and peering under his hand through the
dust and sleet to windward, he saw by the play ot the
lightnings a vast wall of water pouring toward him.
"Maydig:" screamed Mr. Fotheringays feeble voice
amid the elemental uproar. "Here!— Maydig!
"Stop!" cried Mr. Fotheringay to the advancing water.
"O, for goodness sake, stop!"
"Jest a moment," said Mr. Fotheringay to the light
nings and thunder. "Stop jest a moment while I collect
my thoughts." -  _
"And now what shall I do?" he said. "VS. hat shall I
do? Lord! I wish Maydig whs about."
"I know." said Mr. K<>theringay. "And for goodness
sake let's have it right this time."
He remauned on all fours, leaning against tne wind,
very intent to have everything right.
"Ah!" he said. "Let nothing of what I'm going to or
der happen until I say 'Off!' ♦ • * Lord! I wish I'd thought
of that before!"
He lifted his little voice against the wnlrlwind, shout
ing louder and louder Mn the vain desirw to hear himself
speak. "Now then— hf>re goes! Mind about that what I
said just now. In the first place, when all I've got to say is
done, let me lose my miraculous power, let my will be
come .lust like anybody else's will, and all these dangerous
miracles be stopped. I don't like thorn. I'd rather I didn't
work 'em. Ever so much. That's the first thing. And tho
second is — let me be back just before the miracles begin;
let everything be just as it was before that blessed lamp
turned up. It's a big job, but it's the last. Have you got
it? No more miracles, everything as it was — me back in
the Long Dragon just before I drank my halfpint. That's
it! Yes/
He dug his fingers into the mold, closed his eyes and
said "Off!*
Everything became perfectly still. He perceived that
he was standing erect.
"So you think," said a voice.
He opened his eyes. He was in the Tiar of the Long
Dragon, arguing about miracles with Toddy Beamish. He
had a vague sense of some great thing forgotten that In
stantaneously passed. You see that, except for the loss of
his miraculous powers, everything -was back as it had
been, his mind and memory, therefore, were now just as
they had been at the time when this story began. So that
HE SAW A VAST WALL OF WATER BEARING DOWN UPON
HiM. "STOP!" HE CRIED.
he knew absolutely nothing of all that la told here to this
day. And, among other things, of course, he still did not
believe in miracles.
"I tell you that miracles, properly speaking, can't dos-
Btbly happen. 1 ' he said, "whatever you like to hold \nd
1 m prepared to prcva it up to the hilt." '
"That's what you think." said Toddy Beamish and
prove it if you can." '
"Tvooky here. Mr. Beamish." said Mr. Fotherinprav
"let us clearly understand what a miracle is It's some'
thing contrariwise to the course of nature done by power
Copyrighted, 18S&MISS LAURA M'KINSTRY TRAINING TO BECOME A RED CROSS NURSE.
MISS LAURA McKINSTRY has
doffed th" frills and chiffons of
ty for the plain white
gown _nd cap that are the in-
Bignia in the service of the sick.
She Is studying to become a trained
nurse at the Children's Hospital.
Miss McKinstry has taken this step
without the usual blazoning and her
alding that generally accompanies such
a venture on the part of a society girl.
Only her family and most intimate
friends are aware of the fact. Only
her most intimate friends are ac
qualnted with her plans. She has not
into the hospital with rose-colored
sentimental id as to the duties and
■ ■!' a trained nurse.
For some time past Miss McKinstry
has been a director of the Children's
Hospital. She knows the thousand
duties thai fall to the lot of a nurse —
cartful attention to every want of the
is. the giving of medicines, look
ing after the food, cracking ice, chang
ing the beds, helping with ''ie band
and regular reports of everything
that takes place.
■ knows r the days of weary
standing and the sleepless nights, of
the numberless discomforts the.' must
be borne unii.nchingly; of the steady
hand, the quick eye, the tireless feet
that must ever be ready t < • serve and
obey. Yet knowing all these things
Miss McKinstry has gone into the
■uork. Forgotten is golf and me hunt,
:ng and dining, teas and r> ■ ep
ii"!;s. In cap and .sown and .pmn she
performs her duties as uncomplainingly
as her sister nurses who have not n en
brought up in nomes of ease and lux
ury.
.McKinstry's friends remonstrat
ili her when they heard of her
But she was determined.
Bhe lit patriotism before pleasure, suf
before pelf. She refused to let
make a heroine of her. She was
i ; no more nor less than ot..er wo
red that the matter be
ii"t discussed.
"Would she really go to the front?"
friends ask>-ii on every side.
>h.- had not yet had uny training.
If the war lasted and her experience
was ■ d sufficient for the Red
to call upon her why that would
be another matter. Thus she met all
questions and tried to break the ripple
of surpri ■■ and excitement that stirred
society over r new departure. For
McKinstry knows tne responsi
bilities and duties of a Red Cross nurse
as well, and she knows that they can
not li-> assumed lightly nor without due
qualificatioi s.
She has just returned from the East,
where are the national headquarters of
the Red Cross, and she hat- gleaned
enough of the insMe of the work to
make her fully aware of the duties and
sacrifices entailed upon all those work
ing under its banner.
Miss .McKinstry moves about among
her siste/ nurses doing exactly as they
do, neiVfter asking nor receiving special
privileges owing to her social promi
• or her position as one of the di
rectors of the institution. She is al
ready a great favorite. Most of thf>m
know her simply as Nurse McKinstry
They do not know that the cheerful]
dignified young woman with the kindly
eyes and sweet smile, ever prompt and
efficient in ber duties, is Miss Laura
WOULD NOT WALK
ON THE AMERICAN FLAG
. KTS war has served to bring forth
all the latent patriotism that has
been slumbering in many women's
breasts. Some women there be,
however, who even before the war
was thought of possessed the celestial
Fpark called patriotism, which needed
but such times as these to caude it to
burst forth into a glorious blaze.
Of these Miss Mary Bates, now Mrs.
McLellan, Is one. With her artistic
hands and brain, for many years she
has been the chief decorator where any
swell function has been given.
Some time ago she was called upon
to decorate for a large reception. She
was given several flags, which, the
hostess explained, were to be laid upon
the stairs leading up to the room in
which the entertainment was to be
given. With an inward rage, such as
a woman feels when her religion has
been attacked or her finer sensibilities
outraged, .Miss Bates turned and de-.
manded of the woman if she had no
more reverence for her flag than to
l ace it where it would be trampled
Epernay, In France, Is a vast subter
rity. the streets for miles and
miles txing hewn out of solid chalk
flanked with piles of champagne of all
blends and qualities. There is no light
in this labyrinth of streets, crossings and
turnings, except what the sputtering ran
dies afford. All is dark, dank and damp.
with the thermometer down about zero.
The largest i-hampagnp manufacturers in
Egerni .mderground cellars
which covi i no fewer than forty-five
acres and contain 5.000.000 bottles of wine.
The gn-atest density of population in
the world is claimed for Bombay, and Is
only disputed by Agra. The population of
Bombay amounts i-> 760 persons? per acre
in certain areas, and In these sections the
Btreel area only occupies one-fourth of
the whole. If the entire population
massed n the streets for any purpose,
the density would equal 3040 persons per
acre.
Photographers, in their constant study
McKinstry. erstwhile society belle.
The gayety of other times has given
way. She has found something serious
and engrossing to do. But Miss Mc-
Kinstry has never given up all her
time to the demands of society. She
always found time to be an enthusiastic
worker in charitable organizations and
as one of the directors of the Children's
Hospital she did much to make that in
stitution the great success it is.
An "all-round girl" her friends called
her — ready for work and ready for play.
But these are the times that call
upon one to give up the pleasures of life
entirely and work. And Miss McKins
try is one of those who has answered
the call. Her friends who are a-pleas
uring, who are enjoying a round of
fashionable watering places, a succes
sion of house parties, at ci intry villas,
all the delights tha' summer offers,
talk about Miss McKinstry and wonder
at her choice.
But they are -^roud of her, too. Proud
that one of their number is willing to
give up everything that is dear to the
heart of a girl brought up in luxury
and willingly exchanges it for the sake
of helping the cause.
If she is sent to the seat of war by
the Red Cross it means to live on board
a hospital ship in a confined cabin, sur
rounded by the sick and the dying,
with a burning sky overhead and a
waste of water around.
But it also means a chance to nurse
the soldier boys back to health again.
And what are physical discomforts
compared to the joy of doing this?
In the East other society belles- are
resolutely following the same path that
Miss McKinstry has marked out for
herself. Miss Amy Phipps, daughter
of Henry Phipps, Andrew Carnegie's
partner, has been detailed to j' Sister
Bettina Lesser at Tampa and board the
State of Texas, which will follow the
transports everywhere, ready to take
on its load of sick and wounded.
When the war broke out Miss Phipps
was just preparing to go to England
with her family. A round of pleasure
had been arranged for her. She was to
be presented to the Queen. The court
gown had been ordered. London was
willing to receive this beautiful Ameri
can heiress with open arms.
But thi war disarranged all this.
She went to New York against the ar
guments and pleadings of her family,
tonk a course in lirst-aid work to the
sick and wounded and departed to the
front. The same day that she left for
Tampa her family, including her
brother, Jay Phipps. who i? at Har
vard, sailed for Europe. Another
strange antithesis. Th^ man goes a
ploasuring; the woman goes to war.
Helen Lon"" caughter of ex-Governor
Long of ttasSt*chusetts and Secretary
of the Navy, is a volunteer nurse in the
hospital at the Brooklyn navy yard.
She. too, prefers th sick roam and
night lamp to the comforts of her
Washington home and the delights of
society at the capital. None of these
yocing women have gone into the work
blinded by girlish enthusiasm and the
desire to be thought martyrs and hero
ines. They object to having it thrust
upon them.
Miss MrKinstry's reticence, her ab
i solute refusal to discuss? the matter,
are but natural to one who desires as
little notoriety about her step as though,
she were plain Miss Smith, without so
cial prestige and position. She has
chosen between society and
serving the sick. She is satisfied that
i she has chosen well.
upon by many feet.
The woman being formed of coarser
clay, failed to see the fine point of the
argument and insisted upon her wishes
being carried out. Whereupon Miss
Bates stepped quietly out and gave
place to some one else less conscien
tious.
Many officers had been bidden to the
reception, and upon their arrival they
refused, each and every one of them,
to mount the stairs.
Miss Bates also decorated for a wed
ding that occurred in this city a ihort
time since. An American girl was mar
rice] to an Englishman, and it was not
without a protest that Miss Bates in
her decorations draped together the
American and British flaps.
In such small ways as these must the
American woman at the present time
show her loyalty. Given but the op
portunity and she will show the world
that she is made of such stuff as hero
ines are made of, and that in her veins
courses the self same blood as that that
surges through those of her father or
her son, who hag the chance to go
into the fight, do battle for his country
and to emerge an American hero.
of the face, find that the left side makes
the more pleasant picture, and that the
profile as seen from the left gives a more
correct likeness than when viewed from
the right.
In the West Indies a lemon bath is al
most a daily luxury. Three or four limes
or lemons are sliced into the water and
allowed to lie for half an hour, in order
that the juice may be extracted. A re
markable sense of freshness and cleanli
ness is given to the .skin.
In certain parts of Norway when a per
son is drowned a cock is put in a boat
which is rowed about the .scene of the
disaster, the belief being that the bird
will crow when the boat passes over the
body.
A new "lover's aiarm clock" strikes
loudly at 10 o'clock, and two little doors
opening reveal the figure of a man in a
dressing-gown, holding in his hand a card
bearing the words "Good-night "
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
INSIDE HAVANA
DURING THE BLOCKADE
Captain Aidillo, of the Honduras brig Amalpa, captured a few days ago by the Vicksburg while trying
to run the blockade, tells a very interesting story of life in Havana since the American naval ves
sels went on guard before the harbor. Provisions have gone up to fabulous prices, and securities
are almost worthless. People of ordinary means are starving, and the soldiers seize cattle wherever
they can find them. Governor General Blanco is encouraging blockade running by every means in
his power. <
By J. R. Elliott, Special Correspondent of
The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 30.—Ru
mors of all sorts as to the con
dition of affairs in the blockaded
port, Havana, have frequently
reached us, but now comes an
authenticated story of the true
situation. It is told by one who has
spent several weeks there, and by one
who should, from the nature of his
business, be well posted as to prices
of articles of food, and who has had
an insight into the state of trade gen
erally as well.
The story is told by Captain Ardillo
of the Honduras brig Amapala, which
was captured a few days ago by the
Vicksburg while trying to run the
blockade out of Havana. The Amapala
entered Havana before the blockade
and her captain neglected to take ad
vantage of the time notice and leave
the port. He stayed on until the scar
city of provisions drove him to taking
desperate chances in an effort to es
cape. As the result his ship will prob
ably be sold as a prize, but even this
he thinks it is better than starving in
Havana. On the Amapala were ten
men, fifteen women and twenty chil
dren, whom the captain had been per
suaded to help in their efforts to leave
Havana. They now state that it is
much better to be a well fed prisoner
of Uncle Sam than starving in freedom
Sin u ana- According to Captain Ar
npnnl ", a ls ln eat mlser and
?ood P nM, dying daily for want of
h£» ♦* £ c rec °ncentrados who were
\ZI % I 1I 1 the time when General Lee
left Cuba, not more than one In ten is
now alive, and besides these thou
sands of the poor people of the city
have died aS well and from Sheer star
vation. .
Captain Ardillo tells hts story as fol
lows: "I could easily have left Ha
vana before the blockade was on but
to tell the truth I did not think it
would amount to much. The firms
with which I did business convinced
me that the blockade would not last
but a few days or a week or two at
the most. As I did not have a char
ter out I concluded to remain, but see
my mistake now. Things went from
bad to worse until I had to do some
thing, or at the price of provisions my
crew and I would have eaten up my
ship in another few weeks. Again, I
began to see that I had been mis
guided, and in case of bombardment
stood a chance of losing my ship any
way. With all these things staring
me in the face I concluded to make an
effort to get away. When it became
known that I intended to sail any
number of people begged me to take
them with me. As I did not have pro
visions on my brig for one-half of
thos» who wanted to leave, I conclud
ed to give the preference, so far as
possible, to women and children, and
this accounts for the large percentage
of them on my passenger list.
"For the first few days after the
blockade began business went on as
usual. No change was noticeable in
prices for the first week, then securities
began to sag and the Spanish bank
stock and street railway stocks and
bonds were offered in alarming quanti
ties and quotations began to go down
with a rush. As the price of securi
ties went down, premium on gold went
up, and then the price of provisions be
gan to climb. Paper money dropped
from 40 per cent to 25, and later to 15.
This gave the storekeepers the looked
for excuse to advance prices. It had
been claimed all along that there was
an ample supply of all ki ds of goods.
Then the storekeepers began to com
plain that they could not get provi
sions from the wholesale houses.
"When it became known that the
warehouses were practically bare of
goods then the panic began. The
wealthy began buying up provisions
at any price and storing them away.
From 10 cents a pound meat went up to
25 cents, then to 40 and 60, and later
to $1 a pound. Mind you, that is in
gold, which would equal about $6 60 in
paper — the money of the people. At
these prices there was little meat for
the rich and none at all for the poor.
"Then General Blanco took a hand
and an edict was issued to the effect
that no butcher should charge over 50
cents a pound. The butchers, however,
got around this by refusing to sell at
that price in less than 100 pound lots.
That was the condition of affairs as to
meats when I left Havana on the night
of June 23. The poor w r ere practically
shut out from buying meat, for what
peon had $50 to invest in a lump sum
in meat, or any other kind of provi
sions. It is said that there are plenty
of cattle at Cayocoto, but if so they
must he held in reserve for the Spanish
army, for none of them are being of
fered for sale in Havana. Surely the
high prices should tempt the stockmen
to sell their cattle if they had not been
enjoined not to do so by the authori
ties, particularly as they oannot now
be holding their cattle for higher
prices, as the edict prohibits that.
"As to flour, there is no market price
on it, for there is none for sale at any
figure. The last flour sold was by a man
who had stored about 500 sacks in some
old buildings about five miles from the
city. When the price got up to $10 a
sack the dealer began to sell. He had
not sold much when one day a lot of
Blanco's i&en came down on him and
seized a whole lot. They took it in
the name of the King If little Al
fonso could know of some of the
things that have recently been done in
Cuba in his name he would want to go
out and play hide and seek with him
self from shame.
"One example in this line will suffice.
The leading shoe manufacturer of Ha
vana received a. big order for army
shoes and at a liberal price. He thought
his time had come to get rich. His fac
tory was operated by a double crew
working daj and night, the shoes were
piled up by the thousand pairs. The
order was filled in due time and the
goods ready to deliver on the specified
date When this time came General
Blanco suddenl discovered ime tech
nical irregularity in the payment of the
duty on the thread. As it had all been
used in the manufacture of the shoes
the only thing tr do was to seize the
entire lot. Tl.at the thr.ad had not
been properly entered at the Custom
House did not prevent the shoes from
being distributed among the soldiers
the very day after they were seized.
God knows they needed shoe? badly
enough, but it left the shoe manufact
urer bankrupt. True he has his claim
against the Spanish Government, but
what will that amount to a few weeks
from now, or even at this time for that
matter.
"When paper currency or yellow
fever money, as your American tourists
term It, had fallen to 15 cent on the
dollar there was a panic all along the
line. Flour was not to b had at any
price and rice was up to 30 cents a
pound and potat es sold at 25 cents a
pound. Dc lers are not allowed t^ sell
more tr--n a pound at a time to any
one person. The only article of food
that is cheap in Havana is he pine
apple, which, as they cannot be ex
ported, are t 'Id nt 1 cent **?*% and in
many cases given away. They are de
licious eating, but one cannot live ex
clusively on pineapples. There are
other fruits out they are eateu by the
peons a_ fast as ripe. General Blanco
now sees his mistake in having con
centrated his people in the cities in
stead of allow ; ng them to work their
little ranches and raise what fruit and
vegetables they could. If the same
amount of land in Cuba was under cul
tivation to-day that was one year ago
the poor people would be infinitely bet
ter oft! for they would at least have
something to sustain life, not only for
themselves but could be fe-ding the
town's people.
Blanco is making every effort to en
courage blockade running. He has is
sued an edict forbidding the exporta
tion of sugar or tobacco, excepting in
ships that have run the blockade and
brought provisions to the soldiers All
port charges, such as anchorage pilot
fees, etc., etc., are remitted to blockade
runners and again goods brought in in
that way are not included in the edicts
limiting the price. This is done to make
business more profitable and therefore
more attractive, but so far as I know
very little blockade running has been
attempted. There was a report that
one ship had arrived at a small port
down the coast with fifty hogsheads of
codfish, 4000 barrels and 10,000 sacks of
flour, 500 bags of rice and a lot of beans
and other provisions. It might have
been true, but I saw no signs of any of
these goods having reached the Havana
market.
'Over one million dollars has been
raised by popular subscription to be
used in strengthening the defenses
around Havana. With this money
about three thousand men are to be
put at work. The Havana papers
gave General Blanco and General Ar
oles great credit- for this, and called
them benefactors of mankind in thus
nobly giving poor men without food
and work a chance to earn something
to keep their families from starving.
The Military Governor, .General Ar
oles, has conferred with a committee
of citizens to devise other means of
giving employment, and relief commit
tees are now being organized to raise
funds. Block & Co., Havana's biggest
cigar manufacturers, have opened most
of their factories, giving employment
to a large number of men, women and
children. The cigar factories now
opened include the Henry Clay, La
Espanola. Aquilo d'Oro, Casuncho,
Port Arronaga and others.
"It is the people of the two extremes
of society, the rich and the poor, who
fare best under the present condition of
affairs; that is, so far as eating is con
cerned. The rich have money to buy
at any price and the extremely poor
of Havana are so used to deprivation,
that they are sort of hardened to it.
It is on the middle classes that the
blockade is most severe. Men of small
means, who live by contracting 1 , small
stores, etc., have been drained of their
last cent. Their little business, or
store closed and they will have to be
gin life all over again, and that in
Cuba means hardships of a kind you
Americans know nothing about.
"I knew one man who kept a dairy.
He had five cows, and they turned In
a nice living, and he was able to save
a little money each year besides. In
Havana a milkman does not deliver
his milk from a wagon and by cans, as
is done in this country. No, Indeed.
The Spanish will not have their milk
served that way; they want to see it
milked right from the cow. As they
will not go to the dairy the dairy must
come to them. The milkman starts
out with his cows In the morning and
drives them around to his customers.
He stops at the door, asks how much
is wanted and milks it from the cow
while the servant waits. By this
method the milkman and his drove are
out all day long. As it is too far to
return for feed during the day a Ctt«
ban jackass, which is a brother to your
Arizona burro, goes along loaded with
sugar tops. When they start out the
jackass is piled l.igh with sugar tops,
even his head is invisible, and he is
muzzled to keep him from eating more
than his portion. As the day ad
vances the drove halts by the roadside
and the cows are watered and fed.
This is repeated several times during
the day.
"Of my friend's drove the first to go
was the jackats, and the children took
its place by carrying loads of sugar
tops on their little backs; one cow was
sold and then another, and the re
maining three were bought by the com
missary department. My friend holds
a due bill on the Spanish Government
for his cows at 20 cents a pound, live
weight, but it might as well be a dol
lar a poua*- for all that he will ever
get and he knows it. One article aftfer
another has been sold until the man is
stripped of everything he had and his
family are livine- on rice bought with
the proceeds of the sale of the second
cow. When that is gone they have
nothing but pineapples.
Captain Aridillo has with him a copy
of La Union Constitutional of the dat«»
of June 23, and in view of recent events
in the neighborhood of Santiago ■ con
tains some "mighty interesting" read
ing. An editorial under the headline,
"One Page More of Glory," says:
"The Yankees sent to Santiago de
Cuba 15,000 mercenaries to conquer
laurels at so much a yard. The on
slaught of so many day laborers with
arms, the guns of so many ships with
out a foul. the efforts of an enterprise
without noble feeling, will break harm
less against the strength of the illus
trious sons of Spanish warriors, who
gave Spain everlasting glory. At San
tiago shall be raised a glorious monu
ment to the memory of ooutr t brave and
gallant army, navy and 'volunteers,
who will rival their fathers in bravery
and patriotism,'
2526
SOCIETY
THE very climax of the out-of-town
season has b< •:i reached and
the various resorts are crowded
with pleasure seekers. The
Fourth was everywhere duly ob
served and patriotic exercises
concluding with a dance were the rule.
In all the country homes large pnrties
were entertained and feasting and patri
otism were the order of the day.
Socially there is not much to mar the
even quiet of town life, and the outlook is
that it will be well on in August before
city festivities are resumed.
Wedding Bells.
Mr. nnd Mrs. J. B. Harries announce
the marriage of their daughter Florence
to Dr. C. D. Gorton at their residence,
Millwood. Mill Valley, Tuesday, July 5.
The ceremony was performed by Rev. H.
Howltt Invitations were limited to tne
relatives.
In St. Alphonsus Church, last Sunday,
at Sufsun. Solano County, at high noon.
Andrew C. Furey and Miss Laura Ma
thilda Krause were married, the cere
mony being performed by the Rev.
Father McKinnon of that parish. The
complete ritual service of the Catholic
chunh was used with .-ill the Impressive
details.
The groom 1? a popular young man,
Interested In mining in Grass Valley. The
bride Is one of Suisun's most popular
young ladies.
An elaborate repast was served at the
home of the bride's mother, Mrs. Wini
fred Krause.
The little church's altar was a perfect
bower of palms and flowers. The bride
and groom were attended by Miss Madge
Drew, cousin of the bride, and James
Furey, brother of the groom.
After visiting Monterey and several
other places tie- newly wedded dfeuple will
reside In Grass Valley, where their fu
ture home awaits them.
Last Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock.
Miss Margaret B. Gallagher of Nicasio
and Richard T. Williams of Stockton
were united in marriage by Rev. C. B.
O'Neil, at St. Mary's Cathedral. The
bride was given away at the altar by
her father. -Miss Elaine Williams, Bister
of the groom, attended the bride, and
Daniel W. Keating, cousin of the bride.
acted as best man. After the ceremony
a wedding breakfast was Berved at a
downtown cafe, where were assembled
many friends of the bride and groom.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
I*. Gallagher Sr.. father and mother of
the bride; Mr. and Mrs. E. Gallagher Jr.,
J. Gallagher, Mrs. H. Keating, Mrs. I.
Gallagher, the Misses Katie, Josie and
Susie Williams. Miss Elaine Williams.
Daniel Keating, Mrs. J. V. McGlnnis, Miss
Etti-- McGinnis, Frank J. Williams,
Thomas Keating, the Misses Nell!*', Kate
and E. O'Donnell, Mrs. .J. Burns. Hugh
Mr Isaac, Miss Flora Mclsaac. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rogers of Novato, Mrs. H. ]■>,?.
zl Milton Bhlrek, Mr. Goetjen, Thomas
O'Brien Mr. and Mrs. Hands. John .Sut
ton. Mrs. Hall and Miss Stack
Mr. and Mrs. Williams were the re
ripients of many handsome presents.
After a short stay In the southern part
of the State they will make Stockton
their home.
The wedding of Wm. H. MeNulty and
Miss Martha Petsch took place at St.
Francis Church on Tuesday evening,
June 2Kth. After the ceremony a recep
tion was held at the residence of the
bride's mother. 802 Valleio street. The
house was tastefully decorated with
Bweet peas, palms and smilax. The happy
couple were the recipients of many pres
ents. Among those present were: Mrs.
Sophie Petseh, Mr. and Mrs. James Me-
Nulty, Miss Mamie Petsch, Mr. Henry
Petsch, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel MeNulty,
George Marx, Miss Nettie Zamloch, Miss
Irene Fischer, Arthur Scott, Miss Millie
Friedemann, Leslie Peterson, Miss
Martha Jackson, the Misses Alma and
Vera MeNulty and Walter Glover.
Jhcy're Engaged.
Mrs. Lena Son has Issued invitations for
the wedding of her daughter Ilattle to
Emll Deutsch on Sunday afternoon, July
it. Only relatives will be present. After
the ceremony the couple will go south fur
a honeymoon trip, and irpon their return
will reside in San Jose, where the groom
will go Into business.
Miss Bertha Weil and Goodman Ivowcn
thal, whose engagement was recently an
nounced, will receive their fri'-nds t<i
dny between the hours of 2 and ii p. m.
at 14* ' l Van Ness avenue.
ihe reception of Miss Cella L.arhman !
and Joseph Hlrsch, whoiieengagementwas
recently announced, will be held Sunday,
July it", at TO3 Geary street, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Weil announce the
engagement of thHr daughter Ancle to
Charles B. W<>il of Modesto.
Cards have been Issued for t he wedding
of Miss Birdie Srhweiz<r to M. Harris,
both of New York. Sunday, July 27, ;it
the residence of the Bride's father, ">'> i
West One Hundred and Fourteenth street, j
Now York.
Ir\ the Future.
Mr. and Mtf. Fred M. Thai will be
pleased to see thHr friends at tholr home, ■
210 Polk street, Sunday, .July 17. in honor i
<>f the fifteenth anniversary of their nwr
riage. They will receive from 2 to fi p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Ros^nblum announce
th<' confirmation of their son Sylvan at
Geary-street Temple on Saturday. July 9.
Thfv will receive their friends at th*-lr
residence, 001* (lough street, to-day, from
2 to ", p. m.
j-iigMand Spr;r\gs.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. July 7.— Amontr
the arrivals to spend the Fourth were: W.
F. Pierce, Charles Plerca, George EL
Strong and family. Miss KCae Perkins,
George El Bew. Pred B. Taylor. Philip
S. Carlton, all <>f Oakland; Dr. George 11.
Pnlmer, wife ami daughter, Bervia 1".
Byington and JO. P. B. Troy, of Snn Fran- !
Cisco; g. AY. Myers of Lakejort.
Dr. Ed Short of San Francisco is spend
ing a few days with his family.
Mrs. E. C. Farnsworth and daughter,
Laura, of Oakland, arrived during the
week.
Miss Maud Jones of Sacramento, who
lias been teaching in Vallejo, Is spending
her vacation here.
Major Darling and Mrs. Darling and
Charles Watt and Mrs. Watt are domi
ciled in cottages here.
Miss Agues Spreckels arrived Thursday
evening, to remain several weeks.
Milton Joins of San Francisco secured
i the bowling prize of $5 by scoring 1!"
points.
Charles Pierce kindly entertained the
guests in the hotel parlor on the afu-r
noon of the Fourth with an exhibition of
the graphophone.
A pleasing entertainment under the
auspices of the ladies of the hoi l was
given in the music hall in the evening.
It consisted of living pictures. Inter
spersed witli recitations and songs, many
i of the participants exhibiting rare talent
In their respective parts. Tin- dressing
of the miniatures was a revelation, being
historically true and artistically beauti
ful. Tlih enthusiasm aroused by the war
' bulletins received during the day, an
nouncing the glorious news of America's
: victory at Santiago, had not abated a
! jot. This spirit of patriotism pervaded
the entertainment and made it one of the
most successful ever given here. The fol
lowing was the programme:
Duet (piano), Mi>s Heydenfeldt and Mr.
; Manheim, miniatures, historical portraits:
Mine, de rompiulnur. Mrs. Charles Pierce;
Catherine de Medici, Mrs. Frank Pierce;
Queen Louise. Miss Rose Walter; Marie
'Antoinette, Miss Georgle Spieker; Char
lotte Corday, Miss Lillian Strong. Vocal
selection. Miss Dido Argall. American
J historical portraits: George and Martha
Washington. Mr. d^ Laveaga and Charles
Pierce; uncle Sam. E. C. Auld; Poeahbn
i;ts, Mrs. Coats; Admiral Dewey, Dr. Ed
Short. Piano 501,,. Miss Heydenfeldt;
tableau, "The Chocolate Girl." Miss
Sprague: "The Girl I Left Behind Me,"
Lawrence Lawson and Miss Collier; Jap
anese tea party, Mrs. Kahn, Mrs. Short
and Mrs. Goldfish: "The Old and New
Woman." Miss Alice Daniels and Miss
! F.l^ie Ltlienthal; 'nigh class vaudeville,
piano solo, !•'. A. Coakley; recitation. Miss
Lillian Schroeder; song and cake walk.
Henry Shaw and W. H. Deming; vocal
selection, R. E. Muleahy; the original
one and a half musical turn, Messrs.
Lawson and Hedger; comic Germanison,
Pete Sloane; finale, "Columbia," Miss
Olive Snyder: "America. Spain and
Cuba." Miss Olive Snyder Henry Shaw
and Mis:: Mabel Pierce. The entertaln
; ment concluded with a german. which
was participated In by all the younger
I set.
Summer Home ]Rar\ch.
A very pretty and at the same time
! patriotic ceremony occurred at the "Sum
mer Home Ranch" of S. J. Tichenor. La
Honda, on Saturday. July 2, by the raising
of the Stars and Stripes. The event was
in commemoration of the gentleman's
' Blxty-second birthday, and Incidentally to
show the loyal feeling of the family to
their country at the present time.
The woods being full of campers, it was
only natural that they should share In the
celebration, and ri^ht well did they re
j spond to Mr. Tlchenor's invitation to be
present on the occasion.
! Just before the hoisting of "Ol<l Glory"
: the family and invited guests formed a
j circle around the flagpole, and after ren
dering several patriotic airs, the Stars
and Stripes were flaunted to the breeze to
the singing of "The Star Spangled Ban
■ nor" by the entire company, after which
toasts were delivered by several members
I of the party for the success of the old
; flag and fur the future welfare of Mr.
i Tlchenor and family.
Santa Gatalina Island.
Colonel D. M. Burns Is a guest of the
Mctropole for two weeks. Colonel Burns
is accompanied by Mrs. Burns, Miss
Rowena Burns. Miss Maud duff, Mr. and
Mrs. George Gale, all of San Francisco,
and Guy B. Barham of Los Angeles.
W. S. Goodfellow, a prominent attorney
of San Francisco, is among recent arri
vals on the island. Mr. Ooodfellpw cruised
down on his private yacht La Paloma,
and was accompanied by his two sons,
Arthur and Hugo Goodfellow. They have
joined Mrs. QoodfellOW and daughters,
who are guests of the Metropole.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore, A. A. Moore
Jr.. Mfss Jacquelln Moore, Miss Bfarga
ret Moore of Sun Francisco are guests
|of the Metropole for some time. They
were accompanied by Dr. J. p. Dunn of
; Oakland. During their stay here Dr.
Dunn has given several launching parties
Ito Oakland and San Francisco people
i who are sojourning on the island.
Mrs. A. L. White. Miss Florence White
i and Thornton White of Oakland are
i among prominent northern society people
' who are at the Metropole. They expect
to visit Coronado before their return to
( Oakland.
Recent arrivals at the Metropole from
San Francisco: F. c. Rotating, if. Vv r .
Brown, Miss Alice Rogers, Robert Ar
nold Foster, Miss Marie Rose Carew
Miss Juliet L. Saxton, Miss May E, 1 ><■-
vine. Miss Margaret L. Dunn. Miss Jo
sio U. Ambrose, A. H. Glascock and wife
Mrs. W. Street ar.d daughter and C. B.
Btrohm.
Oakland arrivals at the Metropole are-
Miss Kirk. Miss Katheryn Kirk, Ed Kal
isher, Miss Kalisher.
bavjrel Dell.
Recent arrivals at Laurel Dell are: San
Francisco— Miss C. Sheldon, Mrs. C. I*.
Maynard, Miss M. K. Magee, Miss Fran
ces Pierce. Miss C. Herrick. Misn E. B.
Hurry, Mr. and Mrs. w. c. Dennison, Ida
Cohen. Gertrude Cohon, Mrs. William
Rennle, Miss A. E. Ronnie, \V. I. Kip and
wife. Miss Klj>. .Miss Mary Kip, .Tamer,
Cohen, Arthur Cohen, Arthur Brand,
Miss M. Barle, Miss J. Cullen. Louis
Seheiman, O. E. Pettis, Captain J. Ber
mingham. Mrs. N. C. Walton. Miss A. F.
Blako, Sam Seymour, W. W. Stone and
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
wife, A Mjss May Stone, Miss E. Hinchel
wood, H. C. Warwick, W. H. Stinson,
Miss Ida M. Stinson, D. S. Painter, Mrs.
S. Sussman, Miss Alice Sussman, George
Sussman, Miss Amy Sussman. Miss
Alice Sussman, C. E. Jones, Miss
G. E. Geary, Miss. M. J. Geary,
William A. Beseman, Arthur Wer
thlmber, Mrs. t•. Cassassa, Marie Cas
sassa, Laura Dannecker, Kittle Wood, F.
G. Drathman, Nellie Burke, Mary Keavy,
Mrs. w. J. Kennedy, Claire Kennedy.
ViHana Kennedy. Mrs. E. Short, H. O.
Wie.iro and wife, Mrs. Phil Uppitt, Miss
Florence Uppitt, May Uppitt, Miss Car
rie Fisher, w. 11. Deming, S. Cahen and
sister. D. E. Behlow, C. J. Behlow, Mrs.
E. Mi Baumgardner, William A. Cox apd
wife. George Hinrtchsen, W. 11. Rock, W.
11. Mixer, Lewis Byington, K. P. JO. Troy.
Alameda— H. Newbold, Mrs. H. S. Car
penter. Oakland— Mrs. E. Abel, Irene
Abel, Guy C Cuzner. Stanford Univer
sity—Miss Atherton. Berkeley— J. V.
de Laveaga. Santa R.;sa George C.
Codding, Miss Anna Codding. Dr. S. M.
Bohr. Mary Kelly. Lakeport— F. Wil
liams, Lenard Cook and Miss Boone,
I'klah— J. W. Elledse and wife. W. i.i '.
Burke. Lizzie Elledge, Birdie Burke, Mrs.
E. H. Roth. Almon Both. T. R. Van Al
len, J. J. Hath. X. Beckley, A. Banks,
Miss May Heap, F. E. Rea and wife.
Miss B. L. Hoffman, C. A. Owens, W. H.
Lyon, A. P. Bruner, Aide Handy. E. a.
Wheeler Nellie Burke, Miss C. Polk, c.
A. Adams, Mrs. L. Siiattuck, Miss I.
SI. 'per, M. A. Slojier.
Bartlett Springs
Registered at Bartlett Springs are: W.
H. Baker, Mrs. Dr. B. Dale and daughter,
Denis Kearney and family, C. Begley,
T.HE FORTUNES OF .MORTON EDWARDS
JIJJD T.HE FEATURES OF MBB FLOOD
pliances and tools, many of which had j
tv be specially made for the purpose, |
paid for all materials and tools out of
lila Blender capital, reserved only !
enough money for the immediate living :
expenses of his family, engaged work- |
men and set about modeling the three j
figures for the first colossal group —
Ceres on the right hand, Bacchus on the ]
left, and m tne center the figure of
Fortune with the features of Miss
Flood. The model of the group meas
uring seventeen feet six inches in !
height, twenty-two feet in length and
from tour to five feet in depth, was j
completed, submitted to the architect, j
ana, after some alterations requiring
a weeks labor and the outlay of one
hundred dollars of Mr. Edwards' I
money, approved by the architect and j
paid for, according to the terms of con
tract, in the sum of three hundred dol
lars.
Of this amount all but fifty dollars
was due in wages. The balance paid
the studio rent. Mr. Edwards drew
again on what remained to him of his i
personal funds for the purchase of fifty
barrels of plaster and the building of j
a furnace for the metal castings. He
had completed two figures of the sec
ond group when his men, With whom
he had contracts, refused to go on with
the work. They hinted that they could i
make better arrangements with the !
contractors and foundryinen direct, de
manded an increase of wages and on
being told that they would be held to j
their contracts struck work and left the j
clay to dry on their employer's hands. ■
Mr. Edwards appealed to his employers !
for advice. They had Hone to offer. !
Thoy reminded him that the work con
tract mI for was to b»; completed on the i
31st of December. The October moon j
was already on the wane. After wast- i
ing two weeks in futile attempts at i
compromise, the sculptor got his men i
at- work again on their own terms.
One November day Mr. Layer called
at Mr. Edwards' studio. He was ac
companied by Mr. Roberts. They an
nounced that Mr. Flood had decided to
add two stories to his building at the
corner of Market and Fourth streets i
and therefore did not want any groups j
of statuary of heroic size to adorn
the top of it — did not want any
Ceres and Bacchus to represent his I
wheat and wine interests In California j
—did not want any typical figure of his j
fortune with the features of his j
daughter— did not want any of the
things for which Messrs. Conlin &
Roberts, Metal Roof Contractors, had
contracted to ; iy Morton A. Edwards, !
sculptor. Four Thousand Four Hundred j
and Fifty Dollars in V. S. Gold Coin;
and they would like to know what Mr.
Edwards would take to cancel that
contract.
Mr. Edwards whs a stranger In a
strange land. He was without money,
without friends, without resources,
without choice. He had expended nine
teen hundred dollars of his own money
and three hundred dollars paid him by
Conlin & Roberts in preparations for
Mrs. 8. Wall and child, Miss Genevieve
Nolan, P. G. Galpin and family, H. Gul
llxson. J. R. Mahone. C. C. McMahan, T.
J. Frazer, Benj. Edson, H. Rosenfeld and
wife, H. Cohn, George W. Stamper. J. E.
Alrd and wife, J. W. Schmltz, Miss Lor
etta Nolan, Mrs. Jacob Gengnagel, W. B.
Gltdden, W. B. Kennedy and wife, E. B.
Verdand and wife, W. J. Costigan and
wife. San Francisco; J. Boff, L. J. Tucker,
Mr. and Mrs. Stemmler, John IJurke, Sac
ramento; George Onstott, Will Onstott.
A. H. Lamme, Yuba City; C. C. Kelley,
New York; Mrs. \V. J. Smith. Alameda;
J. R. Garret, Willows; W. C. Robins, Sui
sun; J. C. Stokes, Colusa; J. A. Jacknon,
Riverside; Philip W. Alexander and wife,
Alameda; A. Jacobs and family. Oakland;
George Lamont, Suisun; C. M. Johnston,
Los Angeles.
Duncan Springs.
DUNCAN SPRINGS, July 9.— The social
hop on the Fourth was a decided success.
Those present were : Mrs. J. W. Key
ston. Miss Jennie Keyston, James Key
ston. Bert keyston, Miss Agnes Blair,
James Blair, John Blair, W. H. Rodda
and wife, L. Feusler and wife, Miss Feu
sier, E. M. Klster and wife, 11. B. Kis
ter. Hazel Kister, T. O'Leary, Mr. and
Mrs. O. D. Wheeler, Miss Martin, Mrß.
A. J. Bruman, Mian 11. NeaJ Mellersh;
Elmer McMullen of S.-in Francisco; 11. H.
Huntington and wife, C. A. Myers, J. W.
Harris, Lulu Gregory, Alice Duncan. Liz
zie t'lendenin. F. Duncan. Harry Barker
of Hopland; H. Hill of Sonoma; E. Chrls
tofferson, W. J. Elleford of San Francis
co; Edwin Markham and wife, C. P.
Chealey, M. D.; Mrs. Henry T. Bush,
Mrs. T. Cockrill. Mrs. B. Get* and fam
ily, Albert Getz. Elmar Wismer, Marie
Vander Zv.iep, Mrs. ljams and daughter.
Jhe Qeysers.
The following Is the list of arrivals at
the Geysers during the past week: Miss
Hazel Prince, Miss Beatrice Hughe*, J.
S. Fairweather, J. H. Ullntee, H. C.
Breeden, J. de la Montagne and wife, Mrs.
I^mis La.sk , Fannie L. Lask, I. Werth
eimer, A. C. Gale, Mrs. E. O. Rieser, i^d
ward A. Richon, Mr. and Mrs. B. P.
Oliver. J. E. Youngberg and wife, Frank
Youngberg, Mr. and Mrs. Foster, Mrs. H.
Curly, Mrs. C. Curly, W. L. Ham
mond and wife. San Francisco; E.
\V. Whitman, Mist. Florence Selby,
Neva Harlan, Oakland; Mrs. M. A.
Reese, Miss Agnes Duff, Lee C. Duff, L.
\V. King. A. S. King, Berkeley; It. M.
Robert, John Robertson, D. S. Stanley and
wife, Alameda; Mrs. G. Huff, Miss jVnni>'
Huff, Miss Callie Huff, Miss Mamie Huff,
San Leandro; Dr. J. E. Marsh. Brent
wood; F. C Prindle and wife. United
States navy; Ed Ware, Santa Cruz; John
Reinlke, Ralph Reinike, May Reinike,
Mrs. E. Parson and son, Mrs. Evington,
Peter Bolliger, Mrs. Habishaw and daugh
ters, Bert Habishaw. Mlddleton, Lake
County; Estella Jacobs. Adelaide Petray,
Hattle Jacobs, Healdsburg: William A.
Dale. Eden Valley; Duck Petray, Round
Valley: F. Albertz. Miss Lizzie Lewis,
Thomas Place, Miss Anna Dominic, Fred
Dominic, George W. Coe, E. D. Phelps,
Cloverdale; H. W. Kern, Chicago; Mary
S. Wetherill, Philadelphia.
Saratoga Springs.
The latest arrivals at Saratoga Springs,
Lake County, are: A. H. Murphy, Eugene
Yanks, Captain John Bermingham, Mrs.
N. C. Walton, Miss A. F. Blake, Samuel
Seymour, Miss C. Polk, O. E. Pettis, Louis
Schueman, Emlle Magner and wife, May
belle Magner, Miss S. Magner, Bereta
Magner, Mrs. P. Rosenzwig, Lillie Rosenz
wig, Mrs. William Fautz, Minnie Fautz,
Mrs. John Lee, Mrs. J. Magner. Mrs.
Walter Bpeyer, Mrs. K. S. Yeamans, Miss
Phale Painter. Miss Lizzie Painter, D. S.
Painter, Benjamin Boas, Alfred Meyer.
William H. Stlnson, Miss Ida J. Stinson,
Mrs. W. I. Sterett and family. San Fran-
CISCO; Edna Newhall. San Rafael; Mrs.
R. F. Carpenter, Alameda: Max Aman
and wife, John Martens, Oakland.
Deer park Inn.
DEER PARK INN, July 9.— R. L. Mann
of San Francisco returned home yester
day from a iv^> weeks' vacation, carry
ing with him. besides pleasant memories
and fresh enthusiasm, a great basket of
line trout from Five Lakes.
A beautliul flag-raising with slmple.sln-
cere ceremonies, opened the day at Deer
Park Inn on the Fourth. Fifty people
gathered about a tremendously tall pine
tree and watched with keenest interest
While the stars and stripes were pulleyed
to the pinnacle of almost 170 feet a.l.'.i\<
them. "Old Glory" floated free in the
gentle breeze, the guests with patriotic
fervor saluting it in three heartfelt
Cheers. Mrs. P. P. Meips of Oakland
read a new poem, "Hats Off! the Flag Is
Passing," and Rev. A. J. Wells of San
Francisco made a brief and eloquent ad
dress.
The followtng guests are at the Inn:
Mrs. J. M. Watson. Mrs. M. A. Plnkerton,
Miss Elsie Cotter, Miss Linda Cotter,
BY ALICE RIX.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
this work. He said he would take a
thousand dollars in cash and the ma
terials of the studio. Mr. Roberts
would not accept these terms. Mr. Ed
wards gave him his choice between
them and the terms of the contract.
Mr. Roberts said his attorney could
cancel the latter with a stroke of his
pen. Mr. Layer seemed to agree with
him. Mr. Edwards did not. In the ab
sence of Mr. Flood, who was in New
York, he called on Con O'Connor, man
ager of the Flood interests, who re
ferred him back to Mr. Layer, who re
ferred him back to Conlin & Roberts,
who referred him to his own resources.
He called on James L. Flood, the son
of James C. Flood, who decided prop
erly enough that the affair was none
of his. He called finally on James C.
Flood, who had returned to San Fran
cisco, who refused to see him a dozen
times, received him the thirteenth, ex
pressed himself as disinclined for all
conversation on the subject and chang
ed his mind sufficiently to say that
when people owed him money he sued
them, and cheerfully recommended Mr.
Edwards to the same simple course.
The English sculptor took him at his
word. He put the matter into the
hands of a collector and attorney, filed
a lien on the Flood building, then still
in process of erection at the corner of
Market and Fourth streets, and in
April, 1887, began suit against Conlin
& Roberts, cantractors, and James C.
Flood, capitalist. A demurrer was riled
by Flood's attorneys, who claimed that
their client was improperly made party
to the suit, but Judge Wallace decided
that under the circumstances T.lr.
Flood was a very proper person
to be su<*d, and the demurrer was
overruled. The case came up before
Judge Levy, occupied two days in the
trial and was decided in favor of Mor
ton Andrew Edwards, with a verdict of
sixteen hundred dollars and costs.
Flood's attorneys applied Immediately
for a new trial, which was granted
them. But they appeared to be in no
hurry to press the advantage they had
gained.
The months dragged along and the
moneys of Morton Andrew Edwards
were exhausted. He had continued to
pay rent on the studio in the vicinity
of Larkin and California streets, where
he held a class in sculpture and worked
betimes at infrequent orders with what
intermittent assistance he could afford
to purchase by the hour.
Under such disadvantages as these he
modeled and executed several monu
ments in stone, a coat-of-arms in
bronze for Scottish Hall, colossal, fig
ures of Aristotle. Plato, Herodotus
and Plutarch, a bronze bust of John
Wleland nnd a bronze medallion of
James Liek — the Greeks for the Palo
Alto University, by order nf Senator
Stanford, the Americans to be placed,
respectively, before the Wieland
Brewery and the Acadamy of Sciences
Buildirsr, San Francisco.
But the Art Association, the Lick and
Oakland; Mrs. G. A. Foye, Miss G. A.
Foye, Miss Harriet Foye, Miss Alice
Bailey, Miss Mabel Hughes, Mrs. M. L.
Hughes, Alameda; Dr. P. P. Meigs, Mrs.
Meigs. Gerald Meigs, Oakland; Miss
Bridges. H. A. Yeazell. Mrs. W. R. Rich
ards, Miss Ruby Richards, Miss Ruth
Richards, Martin Kellogg Metcalf,
Berkeley; Mrs. Horace Smyth, Mrs. I. R.
D. Grubb, D. Hanson Grubb. Miss Grace
Joseph, Miss Ettie Joseph. Rev.j A. J.
Wells, O. H. Mann. Dr. Mayo A. Green
law, Mrs. Mayo A. Grepnlaw, Miss Alma
Greenlaw. San Francisco; Andrew Wolf,
Mrs. Andrew Wolf. Mrs. Kate Perrin,
Miss Anita Perrin, Stockton; Miss Lillle
F. Evans, Sacramento; Miss Addie A.
F. Evans, Sacramerto; Miss Addie M.
Lucy, Vallelo; Mattie A. Dresser, Lafay
ette. Ind. ; Mrs. Cora Peak. Reno. New;
Miss L. Belle Prye, Montecito, Cal. ; Ar
thus W. North, Winters, Cal.
Aqua Galiente.
The jruests now stopping at the hotel
are: Mrs. Asa Wells, Mrs. Alacia Hoge
and daughter, Mrs. Charles Coleman and
five children and maid. Mr. and Mrs. John
Bruckman, maid and two children; Mrs.
Susie Enos, Mrs. John B. Carson, maid
and two children; Mr. and Mrs. S. Gunst.
maid and two children; Miss M. Fitzger
ald, A. Koch, L. Koch, P. Koch and G.
W. Koch Jr.
Hotel dz j^edWood.
The folowing are the recent arrivals at
the Hotel de Redwood: Professor E. B.
Clapp, Mrs. John Henderson, Miss Daisy
Henderson, Miss Helen Ainet, Mrs. C. H.
Chase, May Chase, Berkeley; Mrs. Frey,
Alameda; Mrs. J. M. Alexander, Miss
Sadie Alexander,- Miss Edith Alexander,
C. R. Parcells. Mrs. C. B. Parcel's, Mrs.
Thompson, Oakland; Mrs. M. A. Ros
krans, George Roskrans, Mrs. Clara Kor,
Ernest Ker, Edward S. Abenheim, Mr.
and Miss Averall. Edward Averall, Mrs.
M. J. Seek, Mrs. 11. Wheller, Mrs. Rtd
dlings, Miss Keddlings, Mrs. Triedberg,
Miss Friedl.erg, San Francisco; H. Emery,
San Diego; Miss Alice Kelly, Berkeley;
Mr. and Mrs. Greenwood. Marion Green
wood, C. Roskrans, E. O'Brien, San Ma
teo.
Hotel Jta Warden r\ar\.
Following is a list of late arrivals at
Hotel Rowardennan: Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam R. Newton, Miss Winifred Newton,
Master William Newton, J. D. Brown,
Mrs. J. D. Brown, Tom Brown, J. G.
Edwards, Miss Nettie M. Edwards,
Charles J. Plum, wife and family; James
Irvine, wife and -amily; Benjamin Cur
taz, wife and family; W. H. Deming, J. P.
Martin, Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Ethel Craigh,
E. M. Walsh and family. M. S. Jeffers,
Miss Myra Jeffers, Miss Eunice Jeffers,
Miss Claresa Jeffers, Mrs. R. Carmany,
Miss Laura Carmany, Mr. and Mrs. Ir
vine F. Moulton, Miss Harriette Moulton,
Judge and Mrs. F. W. Henshaw, Taylor
Henshaw, Stanley Henshaw, Trily Hen
shaw, Stuart Henshaw, Miss Lowry, Mrs.
A. Clark, A. Leigh, C. P. Bailey, Will
Cole, R. G. Morton, Mrs. J. F. Cassell,
Andrew F. Cassell, Miss Little, Mr. and
Mrs. Grow. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pike,
Master John Pike, Master Robert Pike,
Mr. and Mrs. George Bennet, Florence
Bennet, Myrtle Bennet, J. G. Giesting
and family, J. G. Giestlng Jr., Andrew
S. Most-ley and family, T. W. Mellors,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Woods, Miss Elsa
Everding. Mrs. Williamson, Miss William
son, Mrs. E. L. Wemple, Miss Muriel
Wemple, Mrs. A. Forbes, Miss
Wenzelberger, Miss E. Wenzelberger
Miss Luclle Parker, J. A. Rowell, C. F.
Rowell, C. S. Cushing, 11. C. McCor
mick, Harry Farr, Fred J. Stoen,
Mrs. Eastland, Mr. and Mrs. Shill
ing and family, Mr. C. Shilling, Miss Lil
lian Downey. Miss Jean Downey, Oak
land. Mrs. J. F. Sims, Miss Ethel Sims.
Miss Myrtle Sims, Miss Gladys Sims,
Berkeley. Bessie Brown, Mrs. E. A.
Brown, George B. Hicks, Alameda.
Charles J. Wilson. Santa Cruz. Mrs. H.
Rawlina and family, Mrs. Edgar Maine,
Hanford. Mr. and Mrs. Crichton, Bakers
tield, A. F. Kales. Mrs. M. W. Kales, Miss
Kales, Miss Rose. Kales, Frank and
Spense Kales, Miss Shehan, Mr. and Mrs.
H. H. Adams and family J. E. George,
L. F. Cadogan, E. A. Heron and family.
Mrs. Edward Barry, Miss Barry, Miss
Marledna Barry. Miss Letitla Barry
Miss Isabella Kendall. Miss Dolores Wll
kens, Mr. and Mrs. D. F. Belden. Miss
Belden, Miss Nordine Belden, Mrs. J. P.
Garllck. Miss Garlick, Clement Bennett
and wife. Marshal F. Jones and wife, W.
11. Beanston', W. S. Fulton, George Glbbs,
H. D. Hadenfeldt, H. H. Cosgriff, M. G.
Edwards. F. Moulton, Miss Bessie Roden,
Dr. E. W. Westphal, G. D. Morse and
wife. H. D. Bent. E. C. Ward, Miss S. E.
Black, Dr. J. C. Black. Dr. H. C. Cirl, Dr.
M. R. Gibbons. Dr. A. M. I/ewls. A. M.
Lewis Jr.. Charles L. Lewis, C. P. ".Vag
uer. R. A. Brown, James Cooper. San
Francisco. S. Philips, Miss A. Lowry,
Samuel M. Wilson, H. R. Mann and wife,
Harold R. Mann, Judge and Mrs. E. A.
Belcher, Mrs. Brownell, Miss Brownell,
Mis. A. W. Moulton, Dr. H. I. Jones and
wi!'«-. Spencer Grant. Harold Wright, Miss
Kohler, Dr. F. C. Rolofson Jr., Dr. W. R.
Cluness, Helen Davis. Mr. and Mrs.
Curtis Lindley. Miss Josephine Lindiev,
Curtis M. Lindley, Miss Helen E. Wright,
I Cogswell and other large schools, were
rivals armed cap-a-pie with advantages
over the studio in the vicinity of Lar
! kin and California streets. The infre
quent i;rders came few and far be
tween and finally ceased. There seemed
to be no distinguished personages in
San Francisco.
Morton Andrew Edwards found it
difficult to live jv the labor of his days.
He moved his family from cheap to
cheaper lodgings, sold his jewels and
the ; wels of his wife, sold his few ef
fects of value, pledged what he could
not sell and kept the wolf a yard"s
length from his door. Then came a day
when the rent of the studl , long over
due, could not be paid. The landlord
appropriated ito negotiable stock and
advised his unprofitable tenant to take
himself and his Titan offspring into
the streets. The sculptor, stripped of
his stock in trade, without a shelter for
his art, disowned the plaster tribe and
turned his back on Larkin street. The
landlord sent Tor the Sheriu and at a
cost of one hundred dollars to himself,
besides an additional cost of sixty dol
lars for cutting a hole in his building
to let them through, moved the heroic
group designed, ordered and executed
for the Flood Building out as far as
the curb of the street before his doors.
And there the winds of the air came
and howled about their ears and there
the dust of the earth rose to gather on
their garments and there the rains of
heaven beat upon their heads, washed
away the grai .-like curls of Bacchus,
ran in muddy streams across the gar
ments of Ceres, robbed Fortune of her
rounded arms, but spared the features
of Miss Flood.
And there the Supervisor of Streets
discovered them to be obstructions and
unsightly in the eyes of man and or
dered somebody to be arrested for
placing them there, the landlord, the
sculptor, anybody, and finding nobody
arrestable within th»> limits of the law,
ordered the city carts to come and
gather up the crumbling remains and
carry them away to the Corporation
Yard. But first came Morton Andrew
Edwards with an express wagon driven
at his own expense and into this went
the head and shoulders of Fortune with
the features of Miss Flood.
In 1889 James C. Flood died. His
attorneys pressed Edwards for trial.
He was without money to meet their
demand. They insisted that all claims
against the estate must be settled, and
rather than be forced into the contest
without means to defend his rights, he
let the name of James C. Flood drop
from the suit. Then Roberts died, the
firm of Conlin & Roberts passed out
of existence and the executors of the
Roberts estate laughed the Edwards
claim to scorn.
Then Morton Andrew Edwards took
his last chance. He borrowed the ser
vices of an attorney willing to take the
case on a conditional fee. and brought
suit against the estate of W. Roberts
of Conlin & Roberts, contractors, for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B-B-B— B-88-B- B— H-B-B— 3—
FIRE SALE BARGAINS I
T i n IN i n pi i i 1
i Ladies 1 Capes, Suits and Dress Skirts ! S
Ir • B
B - Below are a few samples of the BIG BARGAINS OFFERED THIS WEEKthrough- -
m out the balance of the SIMINOFF Cloak Factory Stock of Cloaks, Suits, Waists, i
| Skirts and Cloak and Dress Materials. THE. LEAST DAMAGED PORTIONS OF ■
■ WHICH HAVE NOW BEEN REACHED, and in presenting them would advise an |
| early selection by intending purchasers, as the goods will be placed ON SALE MON- B
B DAY MORNING and cannot last long at the X
_ MERELY NOMINAL FIGURES QUOTED. «
i . .. ■ i
- LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS ! S
I i -t- 1 - ■ " , I
? Q^ir LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, ■
_ J_>V. lined with percaline and bound with velvet; worth $150; I
i I sale price 95c each. ■
! ° $il LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, B
■ I vpi»_n/ double lined and bound with velvet; worth $2 50; sale |
¥ price $1 50 each. . B
I ...... |
i B <&_f C?r\ LADIES' MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes, g
| qrr.^JV/ double lined and bound with velvet; worth $6"50; sale |
! B price $4 50 each. gj
ifS Cfi OO LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined '
, vpVF.W • with silk and bound with velvet; worth $10; sale price $6 ■
IS each. '
I >..:.'■*• ' ' H
! ■ *££ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS -SKIRTS, I
. ■» *P<J9*J\J double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; sale B
_ price 58.50 each.
¥ LADIES' SUITS' ?
j B gj
■ Q\tZ f\(\ LADIES' SUITS, in brown mixtures, fly front jackets, lined I
■ •pj'.Vlvr with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with vel- _;
_ vet; worth $10; sale price $5 each. I
i : fl
1 <Rfi ELfl LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets, T
; B «PUtvJu bound with mohair braid and lined with, silk serge, skirts »
I double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; sale j
B price $6 50 each. J-
I ______________ SB
O C 7 C^fl LADIES' BLACK SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets, lined 1
■ <JI/»vJV/ with silk serge, skirts lined with percaline and bound j
: g with velvet; worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. X
J 1 tf?«7 frfl LADIES' BROWN CHEVIOT SUITS, fly front jackets, 1
■ M*" •vJVf handsomely trimmed with braid and lined with silk serge, |
■ ' skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth $15; sale X
1 ■ price $" 50 each. M
I LADIES' CAPES I 1
B "• fl
i | C 4. f|f| LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes |
! B '&**"" trimmed with lace, necks finished with lace and silk; _[
! | >orth $7 50; sale price $4 each. |
■ :_________==_=_____= ' m
" [/[/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / \
■\m *^r San Francisco. M I
I . - ea
payment due for work done and
moneys expended. In Judge Seawell'f
i court lie was nonsuited on the ground
; of bringing a suit, properly a suit for
breach of contract, under another
' ! name. To the simple mind Justin;
j would seem to be justice, and the law
| I the law, and there is a fable somewhere
i , that these things are for all men alike,
; proud and humble, rich and poor. It
| was necessary for his attorney to explain
j very carefully to Morton Andrew Ed
1 wards and several times over, that
when he left this courtroom he left
hope behind.
And when he understood it all quite
thoroughly at last he went home .and
wrote a letter to Miss. Jennie Flood,
to whom her father's building at the
corner of Fourth and Market streets
had been conveyed, and told her all
the circumstances of the case as he
saw them and also of his circum
stances and the circumstances of his
family. And when no answer came to
this last appeal, which was the hard
est to make of all, he understood that
he would better have listened to his
j lawyer.
Persons residing in the neighbor
hood of California and Leavenworth
streets, whose back windows overlook
one another's yards, awoke one murn
| Ing to the neighborly presence of a
I plaster cast of heroic size in the very
| smallest yard of all. Little was known
I of the persons to whom this back yard
! temporarily belonged, Children play
ied there sometimes, and a woman
with white hair and a sweet girl's
• face under it passed in and out about
her duties, closing her kitchen door
i after her as she came and went.
They were newcomers and kept to
i themselves; their windows, decently
; draped In patched white muslin by day,
and shaded by drawn blinds at night,
offered no feast for curious eyes; their
; children had little to say. Still it was
; decided in the neighborhood of Cali
fornia and Leavenworth streets that
• they were very poor. The cheerful
• butcher wagon never rattled to their
! door, which was the door of a base
ment flat to which the sun came no
oftener than the butcher, and for this
gloomy reason and for certain other
disadvantages called for the smallest
i rent on the street. The woman with
j white hair went out about her shopping
! alone, and it was observed that some
times she did not go for days at a time,
and even then brought home very little
| bundles under her shawl, and Borae
, times when she went out at dusk
I she carried away much larger bundles
than she ever brought home, clumsily
| wrapped in papers and obviously <<>\~
i ering clothing and household goods.
After the coming of the big plaster cast
which attracted new interest to them
for awhile, it was thought that they
were poorer than before. The wood pile
in the little back yard dwindled down
i and it was not replenished. The chil
! dren came seldom Into the yard. The
: woman with white hair ceased to come.
j She was not cvon seen to go out on
the carrying of the big bundles and the
fetching in of small. It was surmised
that sickness dwelt with poverty be
hind the decent shades. Still no help
was asked and no one liked to offer it.
One night a light burned all night be
hind the muslin curtains and
the next night and the next, and up
from the little yard where the big plas
! ter bust rested against the fence, and
! where there was no longer a woodpile
j came the sound of wood being chopped,
and a neighbor, as kind as curious, put
her head out from her window and
looked down and saw the woman with
white hair chopping up a chair.
The next day she went and knocked
at the basement door to which the sun
never came and with her tender sym
pathy that would not be denied, put
aside the reserve, the English shrink
ing from the stranger— all that pride
had put up, like its decent muslin cur
tains, between its sorrows and the
world— and found the family of Morton
Andrew Edwards without food, or fire
or cover
In the studio chests which
have been spared from the pawn
shop and from the kitchen fire
because they were too heavy to
carry away and too valuable to burn
are the favors of kings, the photo
graphs of distinguished personages,
th.' letters and cards of men and
women who make the history of Lon
don society, the medals in gold and
silver and bronze, prizes and honor
able mentions— all that is left Morton
Andrew Edwards of his fortune is in
the old world.
Of his fortune in the new there re
mains to him a plaster cast of heroic
size, nobly modeled and featured like
Miss Flood ALICE RIX
El Paso de gobies.
Late arrivals at El Paso dp Roblps In
clude: Robert Ewing and family, YV. H.
Spencer, H. M. Payne, J. D. Kiddo, J.
Vincent, Mrs. Alex Smith. Miss Edith
Smith, A. J. Taylor and wife. C. Kruse,
11. Lampman, John --oran, Mrs. Arthur
Bridges, \V. J. Sferrick, H. Kersky, C. A,
P. Parbutt, London, England: \V. North
rup. Cowles; Mrs. J. A. Goetz, E. A.
Beanee, S. Sip-el and valet. Mies Lena
Zlnk. <;. W. Kincaid, E. \V. Ely and
daughter. Mr. and Mr?. Friedman. Mrs.
E. M. Rosner, P. Liebes, L. Feldmann
and wife. S. Valentine. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Dunn, Master Frank Dunn, Mrs.
J. Farley, Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Wormser
Mr. J. Wertheiner and daughter, W. H*
Menke, H. Stern. T. H. *ield. R. M.
Carr, Laden Godchaux. the Misses God
chaux. Miss A. M. Manning-. Gus Hey
mann. S. S. Seheur. Sylvan i3Hig. Miss D.
LuetvOKt, W. A. TTIII. Miss a. Dougherty,
D. W. Rraun, C. A. Burchjun, A. Mattel,
11. Granz, L. Leonhardt, Mrs. M. \Y.
Newberg.
Sarsta Gatalina.
SANTA CATALTXA, July 2.-William
J. Landers, a prominent insurance man of
San Francisco, who visited Catalina
Island recently, distinguished himself
while here by catching a tuna . weighing
138 pounds. The noble game was caught
on a 21-strand line, with rod and reel.
G. G. Fraser of San Francisco, and a
nephew of the ex-Premier of Ontario,
Canada, made the second largest catch
of tunas In the world on the 2oth ult. His
fish weighed 173 pounds, the record being
188..; iC~Vwi
A. W. Goodfellow, a prominent attor
ney of Oakland, arrived here on the 28th
in his private yacht La Paloma. He has
Joined his family at the Mctropole.
Recent arrivals at the Metropole from
San Francisco and Oakland include: Mrs.
A. E. Marchand, William J. Landers,
Herbert Landers, Mrs. \V. S. Goodfellow,
Mrs. A. L. White, Miss Florence White,
Thornton White. A. K. Pinching. G. G.
I'm si r. Mrs. George E. Dow. Miss Lillian
Dow. Ed T. Dow. Mr. and Mrs. Albert
Frank. Miss R. C. Dunlop, Mrs. T. D
Gunn, Mrs. L. W. Wakefleld, Miss Wake
field. Miss Kirk. Miss Catheryn Kirk,
Robert Arnold Foster. Miss Marie Rose
Carew, Miss Juliet L. Saxton. Miss May
E. Divine. Miss Margaret L. Dunn. Miss
Joste R. Ambrose, Miss Marion Goodfel
low, Miss Edith Goodfellow, George Good
fellow.
Garlsbad Springs.
Carlsbad was a scene of an unusually
interesting and patriotic celebration on
the Fourth of July; the principal feature
being the raising of the beautiful new flag
over the hotel. The ceremony took place
very early in the morning and commenced
•with the firing of a salute. W. L. Ebert
of San Francisco was chosen orator of
the day. and his remarks wert- full of elo
quence and patriotic sentiment. The sing-
Ing of "The Star Spangled Banner," and
later of "The Red. White and Blue," was
beautifully rendered by Mrs. Charles Mc-
Govern of San Francisco. In ail the' cele
bration was full of pleasure to all who
were fortunate enough to be present. The
hue arrivals are Charles J. Stewart Peter
Fanning. J. T. Crowley. Ernest Alexan
der James Connolly. John O'Brien, Miss
Catherine (..addy. Maggie Bevens, Miss
Isabelle Christie, Mrs. John O'Brien. Clar
ence Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. W E Den
nison and J. A. Plunkett, D. D. S Oak
land.MORNING GOWNS AND MIDSUMMER WEAR
Special to The Sunday Call.
«r^ oEW YORK, July 8.-It is easy
N^^ I enough to select an evening
dress and the gowns for yacht
ing, tennis, croquet and golf,
,J> £j> which are circumscribed by cer
tain fashion limitations, but
it com«s to the dress to
wear for morning, it must be confessed
that the exact modes for an absolutely
t garment suitable to be worn on
lazza and at the breakfast table
have not yet been described.
"Anything will flo for morning," is true
• ral m -uses. T'nless a dress is made
lolet, or of very expensive silk or
. or unless it is distinctively an even
it can be worn at breakfast
with propriety. Thus, a driving dress or
any street gown looks well at the break
fast table, although it is not specially
for such wear.
r.ui the perfect breakfast dress for sum
mer is the dress which is cool-cool and
light weight. It is one that suggests an
appetite and encourages conversation. It
Is a dress which gr< atly enhances a wom
an's charms, and makes her pretty at an
hour wlu-n she should not be too beau
tiful. French women never appear at the
breakfast table. Tiny have their break
fast si ryed In bed.
: .1:) it is that a Frenchwoman is vis
ible before l o'clock, and then, if she
:  it is to be huddled in
pretty sofl en pc or thin white goods that
give her the look of a fairy, too light and
airy for ( ai'th.
Ben i d Amelie Rives, the two
women who have Btood In their respective
countries for the esthetic In dress, adopt
ed the style of draping the figure in a
light material which was very be
g out a morning
Crom the regulation pattern and Bew
intr it in Beams, th.y took the goods and
r.',i it around the neck and provided
ami holes for it. They draped them long
and loose and caughi them here and there
with fancy ornaments. Bernhardt'a
dresses were generally in Blue, while
Amelie Rives chose the more picturesque
white.
r.-.u the summer woman who is going
to live in a simimer hotel cannot dr. ss in
odd f ashion unless si.'- I"- a regular apos
tle of Improved dress. She must follow
the Btyle to a certain extent, although she
lapt it to herself with some leeway.
Nothing more Ideal for a morning dress
-is Itself than the light weight nov
elty goods which com ats a
yard. These goods nly cheap,
but are pretty as well. They arv"m; ; .!. of
'.. although they are not generally
is known as wash goods. They have
body and are decorated by small
ms and stripes which give them the
name of "novelty."
1 '»•■ of the best known manufacturers
of novelty goods in this country told me
in reality his 12-cent novelty dress
X I* contained better material than his
expensive ladies'cloth. lie Bald that In
making up silk lengths there were always
left over that were perfectly worth
•
"Suppose," said he, "that we turned
out 2000 pieces of cerise satin, which is
enough to supply the market demand for
our > "stumors. We have left over
threads and ravelings • and bunches of
warp and woof which must be used in
some way. So we take these and dis
tribute them through our cheap cotton
novelty goods, and we turn out thou
sands of excellent pieces of cloth in this
way. The main body of the goods is cot
ton, but the figure may be expensive silk
and •in material."
Perhaps the prettiest way to make piaz
za and breakfast dresses of novelty
goods is the plainest. Make a round waist
and a plain skirt. If a decided .boudoir
touch is desired in the gown, tie a rib
bon around the waist and trim it around
the yoke with a ruffle. This ruffle can be
made of the same material trimmed with
bands of baby ribbon. This gives a very
expensive nnish and one that is extreme
ly pretty.
Baby ribbon Is greatly used for all
house dresses. It makes such a natty
trimming that it takes the place o"f
bands of silk and satin. It is only 1 cent
a yard and you must remember that a
yard trjjns thirty-six inches of goods. If
it is laid on plain in bands it needs only
two or three yards to trim an entire yoke.
Used in great profusion upon a waist it
gives a very beautiful trimming.
It takes eleven yards of novelty goods
to make a very nice house dress; and.
the material alone counted, it would
be found that $3 would cover the cost of
AN ORGANDIE WAIST FOR A MIDSUMMER MORNING.
this pleasant morning gown made up as
nicely as any one would want.
There is a prejudice against the organ
ale waist because it is apt to look so very
much like a dressing sack: It requires a
little management and even talent to so
cut and make organuie that it will look
well at the breakfast table of— say a large
hotel.
I kSuv one of these in the parlor of a
Saratoga hotel a few mornings ago, where
1'"1 '"- wearer had strolled after breakfast,
it was made of black and white striped
organdie bought at a cost, 1 should say, of
cents a yard. The yoke was tucked and
puffed. Tucking and puffing come by the
yar< V ■''" 1 a quarter of a yard will make
me iront of a yoke. Few people care to
hfcve the yoko extended across the back.
Between the yoke and the body of the
waist was a double mllle of chiffon, which
was buttoned on with very small button
holes and dainty pearl buttons. This
could be taken oft when the waist was
done up. in blue and white this would be
quite as Pretty and In the new shades it
would be positively beautiful.
Much this year depends upon color. It
is more the color than the material. The
most attractive new shades have made
their appearance, rivaling In brightness
the sky-blue and old yellow of other days.
Turquoise, panne and 'quartz among , the
blues are brilliant enough, and so are
oleander, shrimp and watermelon among
the pinks. Organdies or mulls in these
colors are extremely fashionable, and you
will find them a few cents higher in price
than the older colors. There is a premium
upon the new colors because of the fact
that they are scarce. The factories are
so busy turning out army cloth and brown
linen for Cuba that there is no time to
work upon new colors.
A whole volume could be written upon
the summer fichu this year and upon its
summer possibilities. It is a daring
woman who undertakes to go away, or
even to stay at home, without one of
these ticlnis in her wardrobe. She will
need it. The place of the fichu this year
Is something similar to that of the bo
lero last year. It is used to disguise and
cover the dress and make it appear like
now. A flchu, properly made, will make
an old cotton waist look like one of this
Bummer's creations. I saw one of these
in a private box of one of New York's
famous vaudeville theaters. It was of
burnt orange silk, draped low around the
neck, exposing the wearer's throat.
The material was China silk with the
threads pulled and then caught in groups
of seven each to form a hemstitch.
Around the edge it was trimmed with
double ruchlngs of burnt orange chiffon,
trimmed with black stitching. The ruffles
were headed with tiny gatherings of baby
satin ribbon. It was worn over a Mack
silk waist, which was made perfectly
plain and might possibly have been ah
old waist.
Mull and organdie make admirable fichus
They are cut diamond shaped, with "their
round, pointed diamond ends. The entire
fichu is ruined around the edge and when
folded becomes the right shape. The ends
hang down the front almost to the floor *••
some cases. In others they extend merely
to the waist. The length can be regulated
by the length of the long ends of the dia
mond, cut as long as you desire the fichu
to be. Three yards will make an extreme
ly long one. Begin to point the ends im
mediately and make them as narrow as
possible.
Shoes are different in design. I saw
three new models the other day. One was
of black satin with Louis Qulnze buckle
for the piazza. Another was of striped
silk, silk lined, with feather top, for the
boudoir, and a third was a very high
rainy-day shoe. . HELEN WARD.
LATEST
PARIS GOWNS.
Paris Correspondent of The Call
REAL, or Imitation lace forme an
important part of dresses this sea
son and is used almost in every
thing. Lace for insertion, lace
flounces, dresses made entirely of
needle point or guipure, are very much
the fashion. ■„•' -r
I have seen a very pretty evening dress
of soft Nile green satin. The skirt is
very close fitting round the body at the
and behind, and quite fiat in front.
It is Inn? all round at the bottom, and
has a small train. The lower part, from
about forty centimeters from the hem, is
ornamented with three narrow silk
flounces to matrh the satin, all of equal
width, and in fine accordion pleats, and
edged with narrow ruches of mousseline
de sole to match. Beneath the satin skirt
is an independent skirt of white taffeta.
Above the uppermost flounce is a row of
imitation Aiencon lace Insertion, laid on
flat over the taffetas and forming a head
ing to the flounce. This heading is edged
with narrow ruches like those on the
flounces. Above it is a space of plain
satin ten centimeters wide, and above
this again another row of insertion, edged
with ruches, running all round the skirt.
The corsage-, which is cut square at the
neck, is a blouse of accordion pleated
mousseline de soie over the satin, and is
ornamented down the front with four
rows of imitation Aiencon Insertion very
light in design.
The back Is similarly trimmed. Round
the decollete is a bertha frill of Aiencon
lace, forming three points in front and
the same number behind, and edged with
a narrow ruche like the flounces on the
skirt. Above the bertha is a similar
niche. The bertha is extended into epau
lets. At the fall of the left shoulder is
a bouquet of mauve orchids, mixed with
sprays <>f maidenhair fern. The sleeves
are of mousseline de sole, mounted on a
narrow band, and forming a small dra
pery. The waistband is of the same ma
terial. with long scarf ends on the left
side, edged with ruches to match and or-
namented at the bottom with three rows
of Alencon insertion. The ruche round
the bottom of the scarf falls to the bot
tom of the skirt.
At the same establishment I saw a
dress of black taff<tas, the skirt of which
is made In two parts. The upper part is
extremely tight all around the figure, and
the lower part, which begins about half
way down, is trimmed with a flounce
"en forme." The dress is trimmed all
over with rich open-work* embroidery,
which shows beneath it an underskirt of
turquoise taffetas.
The design of the embroidery is in un
dulating lines, increasing in size from the
top to the bottom. The flounce is em
broidered in the same style as the upper
part of the skirt, the parts between the
serpentine lines being filled with small
designs embroidered with Jet, which run
thrice around the skirt at the bottom.
In the center of the flounce is another
elaborately embroidered design. The same
patterns are repeated in jet beads all over
the upper part of the skirt. The corsage
is a soft blouse in black taffetas, em
broidered back and front in the same
style as the skirt, and also over tur
quoise taffetas. It is high behind, but
cut away in front, opening in a point
over a yoke of turquoise moussellne de
sole in fine pleats, alternating with open
work. The neck trimming matches the
yoke, and the collarette is of white frilled
mousseline de sole, extending only round
the sides and behind. The sleeves are
long and quite tight, and embroidered,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
A BRIGHT PIAZZA MORNING DRESS OF NOVELTY GOODS.
W RINKLAS AND PAGE MASSAGE.
This department is for the benefit. of all those who arc Interested In cosmetics and the hygiene of proper Hvlng. Corre
spondence is cordially invited. Ask as many <ruestions as you like and sign any name that you choose. Address all communi
cations to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call. San Francisco.
IWONI :R If there is anything that
can cause a woman more acute de
spair than the discovery of the first
wrinkle. If there is, I have -not yet
discovered what It Is. It Is surpris
ing with what rapidity the little lines
multiply after that first distressing
wrinkle makes its appearance. It seeTiS
just as though Its sisters and its cousins
and its aunts, taking pity upon its lonely
estate, come and settle down with it for
a nice, indefinite stay. And ju.st as in
the case of one's relatives, particularly
those "in-law," who come and stay, and
don't know when to go, the all-absorbinjc
question is, "How, oh how, to get rid of
them."
Of course, lines will come with years,
If one thinks and feels, but witn many
they arrive long before there is any ne
cessity for them. And there is nothing
that will encourage them like <vorry or
any mental disturbance. When one is
bothered and out of sorts the face seems
to settle into all sorts of lines. And, too,
it has a most depressing effect upon tha
stomach, which is connected with ttie
brain by the most perfect aiv] complete
telegraphic system that one can possibly
imagine. And, with the derangement «^f
this organ come dull eyes, facial erup
tions and sallow, flabby skins.
So the wise thing to do is to protect
one's self against these worrisom-3 little
lines, and not give them an opportunity
to acquire a foothold. In other wordy,
get out the "ounce of prevention and
the "pound of cure" will not be neces-
eary.
This, of course, applies to premature
wrinkles. Very little can be dona with
those which come with real old age.
I have found that the pillow upon which
one Bleeps is one of the most fruitful
sources of those fine lines about the eyes,
known as "crows' feet," and the softer
the pillow the. more lines will they en
courage, for they push the cheeks up into
little folds that give one a most care-worn
appearance. | Look In the mirror the first
thing upon awakening and you will find
the little botherations more , apparent
than at any other time in the twenty-four
hours.
The Japanese women use no pillows, but
sleep upon a block of wood, which has
been hollowed out for their necks to fit
into. They have proverbially fine, smooth,
wrinkle-less skins. . '
The treatment of wrinkles lies in a
hygienic method of living; taking frequent
and regular . exercise; eating only such
food as you know is good for you, and in
vigorating ; the ; muscles . and . skin .of ■„. the
body by tepid sponge baths, and brisk rub
bing with a crash towel '. until : the '■:. flesh
fairly shines. This keeps the blood at the
face and helps ward off wrinkles. Also
nourish the tissues of the face with a
good skin food. " . • ;
The following will be found most excel
lent:
• :-:■ Spermaceti, ounce. .
. white wax, *£ ounce. • ." ■ -i.-'
'.;-•: ;' :'i Sweet almond oil, 1 ounce.
. • L-anoline, 1 ounce. -\ :.'"' ;
'"■/."■ Cocoanut oil, 1 ounce. . ; . -
Tincture benzoin, 2 drops. V '
Orange flower water, 1 ounce.
By Mme. Hygeia.
Molt the firpt five ingredients in a por
celain kettle. When thoroughly incorpo
rated remove from the fire and add the
benzoin and orange flower water, stirring
rapidly until cold. Put in little white
jars.
This is great for wrinkles. It will fat
ten the tissues and raise the lines of the
fi'i' until the wrinkles are completely
obliterated.
Facial massage will ward off wrinkles
better than anything else, and every
woman can do this for herself.
Dip the ends of the fingers in the skin
food, then go carefully over the entire
face, with the thumb and f reflnger, rub
bing the cream Into the skin and gently
pinching the flesh. Always rub across
the wrinkles, thnt is, in a direction con
tnu-y to that which the wrinkles take.
This for heavy wrinkles.
When flabby muscles are to be strength
ened, then use the rotary round-and
round movement, instead of straight back
and forth. For the linos at the sides of
the mouth and nose, erase by simple,
straight motions, using the first finger
of both hands. The movements in mas
saging the face should be such as one
would use In rubbing out a crease in a
piece of fine satin. Keen the massage
up for five or ten minutes.
In addition to this treatment, don't
twist the face into all sorts of shapes
when talking; don't laugh In such a way
as to pucker the skin about the eyes and
the corners of the mouth- cultivate a
placid, serene and happy disposition and
I feel pretty certain that the wrinkles
will be nnnihilated as completely and
with as little difficulty as was the" Span
ish fleet when it fell into Admiral Samp
son's hands.
«.
- .;■.,-..
fINSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DOROTHY VENNER.-My answer to
Marlon Tyler in The Call of June 19 does
not apply to moles such as you complain
of. The species with which you are af
flicted are usually congenital or else in
herited. The coloring matter which con
stitutes them is deposited in the deeper
portion of the subcuticle and they are
impossible to reach. There is nothing that
will remove them. These little pigmen
tary spots are looked upon by some as
positively attractive.
HINDA.— The curling fluid which you
mention is merely a preparation to make
the hair stay in curl. It is to be applied
to the hair before putting up on papers
or kids or braiding, as you say you do
yours. There is nothing that will make
straight hair naturally curly. The reason
why some hair is curly is because In some
people the follicle or cuticular sac, out of
which each hair springs and in which it
is molded, has a curved or spiral form.
Hairs arising from such molds naturally
take a curly form. I know of no better
way to wave the front hair than to braid
it as you do, unless you put it up on
crimping pins that come for the purpose.
A READER.— Yes, strawberries very of
ten cause such a rash. The free acid
which they contain make them such a vio
lent poison to some persona that a single
dish of them will produce a rash in less
than two hours. Cease eating the berries
and the rash no doubt will disappear. If
it does not there must be some other
cause for it. In that case write to me
again and I will try to tell you of some
thing that will help it.
MARGARET F.— The treatment of pim
ples to prove successful should consist of
constitutional as well as local measures.
As to the local treatment, very often
what is bent'licial in one case may be in
jurious in another. In the majority of
cases, however, the following 'lotion may
be used with benefit: Lac sulphur, 2
drams; glycerine % ounce; spirit o£ cam
phor, 2 drams; elderflower wafer, 4
ounces. The face should first be washed
in very hot water and then the lotion ap
plied. Do this at bed time, and leave on
all night. The constitutional treatment
should consist of systematic bathing,
plenty of exercise in the open air, and an
avoidance of certain articles of food, such
as hot bread, buckwheat cakes, pastry
cheese, nuts, chocolate and all sweet,
fried and highly seasoned food, also wines
and beer.
MTSS E.— l do not approve of dyes and
bleaches for the hair, and so prefer not
to recommend them. If the hair is al
ready light the following wash will help
the yellow threads to keep their golden
tints.
It is called a lemon hair wash, and is
made of one ounce of salts of tartar, one
quart of water nn<s the juice of three lem
ons. Apply with a small, soft brush at
such times as you think the hair needs
it. It is not a bleach, and Is perfectly
harmless.
BROWN EYES.— The question of wash
ing the face seems to be one upon which
no two people agree. Women do not
seem to realize that what is good for one
complexion is not good for another. As
n rule hot water is a mistake. It makes
the skin harsh and stretched and gives
it a shiny look that is anything but love
ly. It makes the skin liable to chap and
if there is any tendency to coarse pores
the hot water will increase it. Don't buy
creams and lotions that you know nothing
about. Do not use anything on the face
unless you know all of the ingredients.
Inestimable damage is done complexions
by these advertised "beautiflers," for
nearly all of them contain deadly poisons
in greater or less proportion. Do not use
a powder, either, unless you know it to
be pure. If you do not happen to have
one that you are sure of write to me
again and I will give you a formula for
one.
The proper time to wash the face is at
night before retiring, thus cleansing the
pores of dust gathered during the day.
Soap does not agree with all skins, and
yet if you are troubled with blackheads
it is almost impossible to get rid of them
without using it. Invest in a camel's hair
face brush and scrub the face with tepid
water and pure castile soap each night.
Be sure and rinse away all the soap, then
dry and put on the cold cream, rubbing
it into the pores until it is all absorbed.
The next morning bathe the face In clear
tepid water and before putting on pow
der you can, if you like, put on a tiny bit
of the cold cream. I feel sure that this
treatment will do away with the black
heads. If it does not, let me know and I
will give a recipe for a lotion to use in
connection with it.
CALL SUBSCRIBER.— No.
MME. HYGEIA.
like the dress, over turquoise taffetas.
The epaulets, which are rounded and
embroidered, have three rows of embroid
ery round the edges, forming a cordonnet.
The cuffs are trimmed with embroidered
taffetas flounces, partly covering: the
hands, and embroidered to match the
epaulets. The waistband is of turquoise
taffetas, simply draped.
I was show a sleeveless chemisette to
be worn beneath a jacket. It is
of lemon-colored foulard, cut into
lozenge patterns by means of small
pleats edged with Valenciennes. In the
center of each lozenge is a rose of guip
ure, surrounded by a gathering of Valen
ciennes, set upright. The petticoat rep
resented in the illustration is of tho same
material, quite tight fitting half way
down. The lower part is trimmed w.^h a
flounce of the same material, wider be
hind than in front, and inlaid with two
rows of insertions. This flounce is edged
with a gather of wide lace.
I have had a drawing made of a sky
blue foulard dress, spotted with white,
the spots being irregular and very far
apart. The upper part of the skirt is
tight, like a fourreau, and very flat in
front. The fullness behind is hidden be
neath a flat pleat on each side. The en
largement begins almost suddenly about
half way down and from about fifty cen
timeters from the bottom it widens still
more. The skirt is ornamented with a
Greek border twenty-five centimeters in
depth, composed of wide guipure inser
inlaid In the foulard. It is long all
around and quite plain below the border,
and is made up over an underskirt of
white taffetas with a wide pleated flounce
at the fall. The corsage is a blouse in
shape all round, but more so in front
than behind. It is cut low and square,
disengaging the neck and shoulders. The
neck is trimmed round with guipure in
sertion, which runs down the front on
the right side to the waist. The corsage
folds over from right to left, and is fas
tened with three large buttons in ame
thyst and strass.
The yoke above the corsage is of mauve
mousseline de soie over white taffetas;
the neck trimming is of the same materi
als draped, with a large soft bow in front
and tied very closely in the center. The
sleeves are tight and model the arm; they
are composed of small pleats of the fou
lard taken out of the length, alternating
with guipure insertion, of which there
are three hoops on each sleeve. Above
the elbow the foulard is without pleats.
The cuffs are trimmed with lace flounces.
The waistband is of narrow mauve mir
roir velvet. The hat worn with this cos
tume is a punchinello shape, much turned
up, in sky blue straw, the points being
at the sides. This hat is trimmed in front
with a butterfly bow of mauve mousseline
de soie, composed of three loops on. each
side closely tied in the middle.
NEW THINGS
IN TRUNKS.
AN improvement on the tray trunk
manufactured in America is the
dresser trunk of England. This is
also a tray trunk, but arranged dif
ferently. Instead of the trays resting upon
each other, lifting in and out from the top,
they slide on rods like the drawers of a
dresser, the trunk opening in front in
stead of on top. This arangement makes
it entirely unnecessary to disturb any
other part of the trunk when wishing to
obtain an article which is packed in the
bottom tray or drawer.
These trunks are brought out in all
sorts of designs and cubby holes, just as
the chiffonier or ordinary bedroom dress
er is arranged. The hat boxes, collar and
cuff boxes, work boxes, jewel cases, in
fact, every convenience, may be found
here, or a trunk may be made to order
to suit the purchaser. The trays have
little rings by which they are drawn out
THE NEWEST WHITE MULL FICHU.
and the interiors are finished in linen
with satin sachet pads.
The up-to-date girl never changes her
perfumes, but has her trunk pads filled
with the same scents as those which she
uses in her bureau at home, or even
packs the same pads into her trunk as
surely as she does her clothing. They
are really a part of her wardrobe. If
they cannot be of mousseline de sole or
dainty Swiss, the pretty siloklines will be
found quite as useful.
WOMEN WHO WORE
UNIFORMS
IN THE C IVIL WAR.
'frkffi ANY and thrilling are the tales
//y/\ told of the heroism of women,
II «yu> » both of the North and South,
during the War of the Rebellion.
The women of the war may be
divided Into three classes. The first class
included the women who served as nurses
in hospitals and on the field of battle.
Of these much has already been written.
The second class was that very useful
body of scouts and spies whose dress and
actions were according to circumstances.
They appeared as stylish dames surround
ed by admirers in the morning, and In
♦he evening as dissipated youths, drop
ping into billiard rooms and like resorto,
to detect plots of the •enemy.
Those" who, fired by burning zeal to
serve their country, actually donned a
uniform and shouldered a musket to serve
the cause formed the third class of women
of the war. Of these there were many
more than is generally supposed. As far
back as 1563 the Memphis Argus pub
lished a paragraph of news headed "Death
of a Cavalry Soldier Who Proved to Be
a Woman." It read:
"A short time since a soldier belonging
to a Missouri cavalry regiment was en
tered at the 'Overtoil Hospital' for treat
ment for fever contracted in camp. The
soldier died, but not betore it had been
revealed that the supposed young man
was a woman. She had followed her
lover into the army, and to be near him
had willingly braved the dangers of bat
tlefield.^tnd borne the hardships and ex
posures of campaign life. Her years could
not have been more than 2"."
An intensely tnterestißg story is that of
another who became a soldier "aJ for
love." Her name was Annie Lillybridge
of Detroit. Mich. In the spring of 1863
I she was employed in a dry goods store
j in Detroit, where she made the acquaint
i ance of a lieutenant of the Twenty-first
Michigan Infantry, and an intimacy
sprang up between them. They corre
: sponded for some time and became warm
i ly attached.
The thought of being parted from her
lover made her so unhappy that she re
. solved to share his danger and be near
; him. Purchasing male attire she enlisted
! in Captain Kavanaugh's company, of the
; Twenty-first Regiment, and managed to
j keep her secret from all, not even the ob
1 ject of her affections, who met her daily,
being aware of her presence. Annie left
with her regiment for Kentucky and
passed through all the dangers and trials
of camp life, endured long marches and
slept on *he ground without a murmur.
Before the battle of Pea Ridge, in which
her regiment took part, her sex was dis
covered tv a member of her company,
but he promised to keep her secret. After
the battle she was sent, among others,
to bury the dead, and the first corpse
was that of the soldier who had discov
ered her sex. She became a favorite in
the regiment and Colonel Stephens fre
quently detailed her as regimental clerk.
When on picket duty she received a severe
wound in the arm, and was sent to the
hospital at Louisville. After several
months she was discharged and sent
home, as her arm was stiffened and ren
deied useless.
A brave girl was Mips Mary Wise, -who
served truly for the love of country, and
after the war became tho wife of Ser
geant Forehand of New Hampshire.
Another young woman. Miss Sarah Tay
lor, tarried among the tents of East Ten
nessee, determined to share with her male
relatives and friends the dangers ami
fatigues of a military campaign, donned
a blue chapeau, a highly finished regu
lion sword and silver mounted pistols,
unted her horse and accompanied the
:iment to reinforce Colonel Gerrart.
!> in hand she galloped along the lines,
■ering on the men, who regarded her
their guardian angel, who was to lead
■m to victory.
n the spring of 1563 a captain arrived at
uisville, Ky. , accompanied by a young
dier apparently about the age of 17,
who attracted the attention of Colonel
Mundy as being exceedingly sprightly
and intelligent, and he detailed him for
duty at the barracks. A few days later
the startling fact was discovered that the
supposed young man was a woman, the
fact being established by a soldier who
was raised in her town. Her story is one
of interest.
Frank Martin (her assumed name") was
born in Bristol. Pa., and was educated at
the convent in "Wheeling W. Va., where
she acquired an excellent education and
many accomplishments. After leaving the
convent and bidding farewell to her par
ents she enlisted in the Second East Ten
nessee Cavalry, and accompanied the
army of the Cumberland to Nashville.
She was in the heat of battle at Murfreea-
boro, and was severely wounded in the
shoulder, but fought gallantly, and waded
Stone River into Murfreesboro on the
memorable Sunday on which the Union
forces were driven back. In having her
wounds dressed her sex was discovered
and the fact made known to General
Rosecrans. The general was favorably
impressed with her bravery, but would
not allow her to remain in the service,
and personally superintended the arrange
ments for her safe transmission to her
parents.
"Frank" was only 18 years old, quite
small, refined of manner and had a beau
tiful figure. She was an excellent horse
woman, and was honored witlf the posi
tion of bugler to the regiment.
I find only one recorded instance of a
woman who donned the gray— Sue Mon
dey, or Lieutenant Flowers, who served
in Kentucky, on Captain Berry's staff.
She wore a full Confederate uniform, with
a jaunty plumed hat, from beneath which
escaped a wealth of dark brown hair in
luxuriant curls. She had a beautiful figure,
a dark, piercing eye. and a soft musical
voice, was a bold rider and daring leader.
Prior to her command with Berry she
had been associated with Captain Alex
ander, and was present at his tragic death
in Southern Kentucky.
Veneer cutting has reached such per
fection that a single elephant's tusk
thirty inches long is now cut into a
sheet of ivory 150 inches long and 20
inches wide.
2728
THE BOOK OF THE WEEK.
HELBECK OF BANNISDALE.
That Mrs. Humphry Ward could write
a good book she showed long ago. Con
sequently something great Is expected
in her latest effort. "Helbeck of Bannis
dale." But the reader is likely to be
greatly pleased or greatly disappointed,
for the work is one the merit of which
depends altogether on the point of view.
There is no denying that every line of the
Btory is written In masterly style, and
beneath it all is a tenderness joined to
commonaense. As a work of art it is
worthy of the highest place; as a novel
likely to sway the people there is consid
erable room for doubt. But of this only
time car. be the true judge, and even then
each reader will be sure to have his or
her own opinion.
In "Helbeck of Bannisdale" Mrs. Ward
reverts to what may be called the "Els
mere Motive." Such reversions are not
usually fortunate and though Mrs. Ward
is easily ahead of all competitors in the
theological novel— which, indeed, may al
most be regarded as a genre of her own
invention— she has in her later work dls
j layed so considerable a creative ability,
and such acute observation of character
in a wider field of fiction, thai not a few
of her readers will regret to see her once
more contracting her range. We dare
say, however, that she rightly regards
tl c appetite of her public for the romance
of spiritual struggle as virtually insati
able, and that she may again acceptably
invite them to listen to the Bomewhat de
pressing story of one of tMese conflicts of
love and conscience — this time with the
sexes of the combatants reversed. For
in "Helbeck of Bannisdale" It is the man
who is the representative of orthodoxy,
and the woman who is without a creed.
We cannot honestly say that the change
is for the bi tier. No doubt we have out
grown the prejudice against the female
skeptic which finds expression in a well
known line of Johnson's "London," and
admit that she has as much right to
"talk you dead" as her male counterpart;
but agnostic "sweet and twenty" opposed
to devout tf sour, six-and-thirty cannot
be made what actors call a "sympathetic
part." nor is it easy to rid oneself of the
Impression— perhaps a mere hereditary
survival from the ages of faith— that the
relation is somehow or other unnatural.
Mrs. Ward, too, has not been altogether
fortunate in one most important point—
the first impression which she gives us
r emancipated heroine. It is true
that Laura Fountain's agnosticism is hu
manised, to some extent, for us by its i
close association with her passionate af- <
. n for and unswerving loyalty to the '
memory of a father who, on his deathbed,
"would not say, even to comfort her, that
they would meet again." Hut it is also a ■
little too highly flavored with intellectual
conceit— natural enough, no doubt, in a
Kir! brought up from childhood in the so
ciety of university dons, but still an es- :
Bentlally unsympathetic trait; and the
airs of patronage which Bhe assumes not
only toward her Catholic stepmother, for
a Ume a bac&slider from the faith, but
toward Mrs. Fountain's brother, a
Catholic devotee of an elevated it rather
forbidding type, and a good many :■
her senior, are so comically "superior"
that we look forward at lirst with some I
FRATERNAL NEWS
: ODD FELLOWS.
The officers of Ophir Lodge were in
stalled on t.e Ist by \Ym. Owens, D. D.
G. M. These re A. Platl.. A. P. G.;
George W. Leek, ... G.; J. R. Morrison,
V. G. ; A. Hovey, R. S.; Thomas Steven-
Bun, F. S.; F. \V. Thompson, T.; H. F.
McDonald, >..; A. F. Morris, C; T. Lili
■l. J. G. ; Howard Nowell, O. G.;
Major F. W. Juegcr, chaplain. At the
close of the ceremony conducted in the
presence of a very large membership
F. M. Mone on behalf of the lodge pre
• >dy. the past grand, as a
token of esteem, a handsome gold and
diamonu studded locket. The recipient
made a titling reply. There were ad
ses by the Installing officers and by
Sergeant C. w. Eianah and G. K. F.>x, of
< mpany L, Seventh California Voiun
teers, who maue mterestinft tu;ks, being
fluent i-i'i .••.!<• :s. W. A. S. Nicholson, I.
U., entertained with humorous, remarks,
after which Major Jaeger, X ti. and
chaplain oi the lodge, recited bis original
composition, "Rememfcer. Boys, the
Maine." Mr. Emerson sang the words of
that composition, recentij Bet to music
After the close ot the lodge mere was an
adjournment to the Grotto, where a col
lation was partaken of.
inuring the las; week there has been
a great deal of activity for the o.
deputies in the line of installing new offi
cers. Templar Lodge had its officers in
stalled last LTiesday nigtit by Deputy K.
G. Harrison, on Thursday mgnt the
deputy installed the officers ot Kerba
Buena Lodge, Deputy W. L. Owen in
stalled in joirn session the officers of Pa
cific and Golden West Lodges; Deputy
U. W. Keeler, those of Abou-Ben-Adhem
Lodge; Deputy Nowell those of Western
Adaition Lodge, and Deputy T. E. Tryer
those of r raneo-Amtricaine Lodge.
The Odd Fellows,' Library having for
want of support become a thing of the
past, the membership of Abou-Ben-Ad
hem Lodge has taken the initiative In a
movement to establish a reading room
in the Odd Fellows' building, in which
there is to be a full supply of the daily
papers and periodicals. The proposed plan
win i ed next Saturday night.
N. Neinhaus, N. w.; l>r. M. Neumann,
V. G.; W. O. Macdougall, secretary, and
Alexander May. treasurer, were in.-
on the lirst inst. as officers of Sargent
Lodge by J. B. Jarrett, D. D. G. M.. in a
very creditable manner. The ceremony
was followed by the presentation by <i.
A\ . Dixon, )'. G., to C. <"iremlig. the retir
ing noble grand, of an emblematic charm.
Tili: REBEKAHSi
The hall of California Rebekafa Lodge
■was crowded to its utmost capacity July
2 by an audience- of members of the order
and friends assembled to witness the ever
interesting ceremony of installation. The
following elected officers as well as the
appointed officers were installed with all
the impress! v.- pomp of the order: Sarah
Patterson, N. (',.; Alice Hall. V. G.; J'aul.
Ine Harris, k. S., Mary A. Hawley. V. a.;
Flora Bergman. r i . ; b'annie Jonas, trus
tee. After the Installation .Miss Sarah
Harris, who, during her term as noble
grand made a most efficient and active
officer, was the recipient of a handsome
Jewel of her iank in the order. The work
of tlie evening was followed by a dance
until midnight. The week previous the
membership celebrated in most pleasing
manner at a banquet at which there were
present .seventy-two, the twenty-eighth
anniversary of the foundation of the
lodge.
I'iie public installation of the officers of
Oriental Rebekah Lodge, which wu.s to
have been held last Wednesday night,
•was postponed until next Wednesday
night.
'I he officers of Mission Rebekah Lodge
were installed in public last night.
THE WORKMEN.
William Henry Barnes, past grand mas
ter workman, returned last Monday from
a visit East, during which he was in
Chicago, Milwaukee, Boston, Houston,
New York, Asbury Park (where the Su
preme Lodge was in session) and Buffalo.
Last Wednesday night the following of
ficers of Valley Lodge were installed by
Deputy M. J. Blackmail, assisted by a full
corps of grand officers: J. F. Glover, ?
M. W\; S. H. Jenner, M. W.; J. C. Sharp
F. ; J. E. Hawks, O.; T. 11. Lord, R.; J.
M. Camp, F. X. ; J. W. McCarthy, re
ceiver; N. Boukofsky, G.; J. P. H. Gedge,
I. \V. ; O. Erricson, O. W. ; E. F. Joy!
trustee. After the ceremony there was a
programme of entertainment, for the in
stallation was a public one, and those who
participated in furnishing a pleasant
evening of music and song were: Miss
Letitia Mordhorst, Miss May.Straub, Sam
BY MRS. HUMPHRY WARD.
alarm to the young lady's probable devel
opment Into a female prig'of the most of
fensive description. Mrs. Ward, however
who no doubt has watched the* gradual
expansion <>; many a youthful "aca
demic" mind, understands her business
too well to allow that to happen; and
there is genuine artistic skill in the in
vention and arrangement of the incidents
by which Laura, to use a familiar phrase,
"has the nonsense taken out" of her. In
I the first place, she is greatly assisted in
acquiring resj ■ct for that somewhat
grim ascetic, her stepmother's brother,
by being enabled to compare him with a
certain farmer cousin. Hubert .Mason, a
sulky and ill-doing young lout, only re
deemed from in- orishness by an
extraordinary musical gift. Partly to as
sert her independence and her Indiffer
ence to the proud Helbeck connection,
.•■nd partly to display her power over her
I rough admirer, Laura insists on going to
Booth. Miss L. Gaillck and Miss Edith
Stuaub. W. H. Barnes delivered an ad
dress, which was listened to with marked
attention.
At the Bession of the Supremo Lodge
held in Asbury Park the following named
officers were elected: W. S. Robson, P. S.
M. W., La Grange, Tex.; H. S. Sessions, S.
M. W., Sioux Falls, S. D.; John C. Bick
ford, S. F.. Manchester, X. 11.: W. A.
Walker, S. 0., Milwaukee. Wis.; M. W.
Sackett, S. R.. MeadvllTs. Pa.; John
J. Acker, S. R., Albany. X. V.: Alex.
Pratt. S. G.. Winnipeg, Manitoba; A. B.
Jones, S. W., Wilmington. Del.
The report of fhe Bupreme recorder
showed -,i net increase of 151 lodges and
8435 members, exclusive of the jurisdiction
of Ontario, an increase compared with
'last year of two lodges and a decrease in
net addition of membership of 4(47. New
members admitted and suspended mem
bers readmitted to the order numbered
45.624, a decrease of L'y.u from the record "f
last year. Tin-- suspensions and withdraw
als for the last year were more than those
r.f the previous year, being for the former
:;".;.".." as against the latter of 31.916, a net
Increase for 1897 of 1539 over L 896. The nurri
ber of deaths for this year has been :7 I.
a decrease of 82 from last year.
The following officers of Franklin Lodge
were Installed last Friday night by Dep
uty C. S. Curtis: C. Reigelhuth, M. W.;
Otto Klumpp, )■'.. Ed C. waiter, O.; Will
J. Beaty (twenty-sixth term), R.; I. j.
Dwyer, F.; Joseph Nordman, R.; S. HoiT
man, <;.; O. Hoffman, I. W.; M. G. Shove,
O. w.
DEGREE ' if H< >N< IR.
The Superior Lodge at its session In
Asbury I'ark elected tin- foil,, wing named
as officers: Fast superior chief of honor,
Mrs. Mary J. Stewart, California; supe
rior chief of honor, Mrs. Kate Blew. tt.
Dakota; superior lady of honor,
Mrs. Adelia Harding, Nebraska; superior
chief of ceremonies, Mrs. Pauline Ennis,
Kansas; superior recorder, Mrs. Mary A.
Tinker, Michigan; superior receiver, Mrs.
Emma S. Bickford, New Hampshire; su
perior usher. Mrs. Ella 11. Mantor, Min
nesota; superior watch, Mrs. Louise
Bush, Washington.
The grand body adopted .a classified
plan of assessment for tho beneficiary
membership and placed all jurisdictions
of less than 600 members under the juris
diction of the Superior Lodge and fixing
the amount of insurance at (300. Children
over three years of age Will not' be al
lowed in lodgeroi ma during sessions.
Mrs. Stewart, the past superior chief of
honor, was presented $I(m> in recognition
cf her s> rvices to the order.
The officers of Ivy Lodge were Installed
last Wednesday by Deputy Mrs. Eva Coo
gan. on the Utb she will install those
of Silver Star at Temescal.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The officers of California Parlor were
Installed last Tuesday by District Deputy
Grand President Judge J. J. Allen. He
found the parlor prosperous, it having a
membership of 444 and assets amounting
to $14.687..
A. C. Houston of Woodland, D. D. G.
P., installed the oflicers of Alcalde Par
lor on Wednesday, and after the meeting
the good of the order committee took
charge and opened. oysters for the boys.
And there were other good things be
sidea oysters. The same night Deputy
Houston installed the officers of Ei Do
rado Parlor.
The officers of Rincon Parlor were pub
licly installed Wednesday night in the
banquet hall or" the Native Sons' build
ing, whir-n was crowded. Aft< r the cere
mony there was a dance, anil refresh
ments were served to the ladies and gen
tlemen present.
The previously announced arrange
ments fir the installation of the officers
of Sequoia Parlor will lie carried out to
morrow night. Thomas Monahan of San
Jose, I>. 1). «;. P., will be the Installing
officer. That night eight candidates will
be initiated.
The officers of Oakland Parlor were in
stalled Wednesday by Deputy L. Stone,
1 assisted by Grand Si ;-. tary Lunstedt and
other grand officers. Those of Observa
tory Parlor of San Jose were installed
by Deputy H. D. Lansing, Grand Mar
shal G art on, and members of the i pg
celebration committee looked after the
welfare of the installing officers.
• '.land Trustee McNoble visited Silver
Tiji Parlor and found it nourishing.
Grand President Conley has appointed
A. 11. Btarke deputy for San Bernardino
C. H. Patterson of Stockton fnr San Jo
quin County and C. H. Kramm of Pied
;>!..nt Parlor for Rincon and Stanfo-d
i Parlors.
San Francisco Parlor will give a social
in the banquet hall of the Native Son's
building on the 22d inst.
Grand President Conley has been mak
ing a tour of the northern part of the
btate. He reports renewed enthusiasm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 10, 1898.
a rustic ball at which he is to be present,
and the memories of which she is after
ward made to recall in a quite admirable
passage*' of vivid and humorous descrip
tion:
"All the dance came back upon her
the strange people, the strange young
nun, the strange raftered room, with the !
noise of the mill stream and the weir vi
brating through it and mingling with the :
clatter of the fiddles." i
" Tr;e Decision of hjeaven."
From Anthony Hope's Rupert of Hentzau.
As to her company, she hits it off well
h with the older people— with the
elderly women especially, "In their dark
gowns and large Sunday collars, turning
!.:■ wd motherly eyes upon her and
taking stock of her and every detail of
her dress"; and the old men with their
patriarchal manners and their broad
h— it had all been sweet and pleas
ant ti> her.
For Hubert Mason had stood sentinel
l i Bide her during the early part of the
in the parlor at Shasta, and declares that
a proposition to move it to Redding met
with a very strong protest. He- also an-
Qounces that the parlor at Gridley will
be 1 1 organiz* d in the fall.
STANFORD PARLOR NO. 76, N. S. G. W.
Last Tuesday evening the officers of
Stanford Parlor were installed in their
hall, and, as usual, the ceremony was
conducted in the presence of the member
ship only. The Induction of the new officers
was carried out with that Impressiveneqe
which is a marked feature of the pro
ceedings of this parlor at all times. The
ceremony over, there was an adjournment
i" Pabst's, Where in the banquet-room
was set an exceedingly toothsome
banquet, for Stanford never does anything
by halves. William A. Deane was the
toastmaster, and on his lelt sat John J.
McCarthy, the new president; Henry Lun
stedt, the grand secretary of the order,
and l). A. Curtin, while on his right were
: Past President J. W. Lewis and Judge J.
J. Allen Of Oakland. The membership oc
cupied seats at the other tables. After
the excellent menu had been disposed of,
Harrison Houseworth, on behalf of the
parlor, presented to the retiring past
president an emblematic gold and dia
mond-studded badge; which the parlor
has had copyrighted. The recipient,
Charles 11. Stanyan Jr.. responded In a
feeling manner. After that J. J. Lerma.ii
responded to the toast, ""Our Pioneer
Mothers," paying an eloquent tribute t"
thus.' heroic women who encountered the
dangi is of early days to help build up the
greatest State in the Union. W. J. Finney
• sang a patriotic song, "Remember th>-
I Maine." Dr. A. 11. (jlannlni responded
tv "Patriotism and Fraternity." W. I'-
I Humphreys spoke very feelingly when
. called upon to respond to "The Blue and
! the Gray," ami the orchestra gave "Dixie"
and "The Star Spangled Banner," the
membership rising and singing the words
of the anthem. The last toast was "Our
Order," responded t<> by Grand Secretary
Lunstedt. The pleasant gathering dis
persed at midnight with best wishes for
the new officers during their term.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the evening of the Ist inst. the offi
cers <>f the Sans Souci Parlor were in
stalled for the current term: These are
Annie L. Mocker, I*. P.: Emma Wess
ling, P.; Josephine Grundel, Dora Eisnei,
Millie Kline, V. P.'s; Minnie Dobbin. ML;
i;. A. Ralph, R. S. ; Alice Munson, F. S.
(re-elected); Mrs. Minnie J. Gunzendorfei ,
T. (re-elected); Lucy Hamrriersmith, 1. S. ;
Noztea Dagenais, O. W.; Nellie Clark,
Bttle Hackmeier and Bertha Quinn, trus
tees. The installation ceremonies wert
nicely performed by Mrs. Julia Steinbach,
district deputy grand president, assisted
by Lena B. Mills, grand marshal of the
Grand Parlor. Upon the conclusion of
the installation, Mrs. Theodore LunsteUi,
the organizer of the parlor, in a neat
speech bristling with patriotic sentiment,
which evoked great enthusiasm, made
formal presentation to the parlor of a
large and beautiful American Hag which
haa been purchased by the parlor mern
ber-s. .Mrs. Emma Weasling received the
flag for the parlor making a short spirit
ed :i!a:iss. Mrs. Minnie B. Kalkich. the
charier president, who retired from the
position of past president, received a
handsome gift from the members in the
form of an elegant pin. The gift was
bestowed by Mrs. Annie L. Mocker, who
delivered a pretty and complimentar>
Bp< e< h, and Mrs. Kalloch responded witu
great feeling. Mrs. Steinbach was also
made the recipient of a large basket of
magnificent tlowers, the gift of the pai
lor. After the ceremonies refreshments
were served and a varied programme of
entertainment provided. A targe num
ber of visitors. Including several Grand
l'arlor officers, were in attendance. TUe
evening- was a thoroughly enjoyable onu.
On the 2d inst. the following officers of
Alta Parlor were installed by Mrs. Theo
dore Lunstedt, assisted by M : ss Lizzie
Douglass, grand treasurer, acting- as
grand marshal: Mrs. M. Meyers, p. P.;
A>:n.s McCreery, P.: Sarah Brackett,
Mary Rlchter and Mabel Miller, V. P. s;
Mary Noonan. F. S. : Clara Faulkner, R.
S.; Maggie White, T. ; Lelia Brackett. M.;
Ida Kervan. p:ii/.a 1"). Keith and Edith
Bryant, trustees; Amy McDougall, 1. \V ;
Mary Napthaly, O. S. At the eio.«e of ih>
ceremony, which was ]>übllc, und in the
pr. sence of a large number of the friends
of the parlor, there was presented to the
installing ntlloer a line bunch of roses ana
a large basket of choice flowers. Then
followed the presentation of a fine silver
tea service from the parlor to Mrs. Meyer,
the retiring president, who responded in
a speech that was renlete with fine senti
ment and good wishes for the success of
the parlor^ She was also presented sev
eral tine specimens of the florist's art of
arranging California beauties. Then fol
lowed a short programme and the serving
of ice cream and refreshments.
Ramonn Parlor celebrated the Fourth of
July in Martinez by a calico ball, given
in Benntt's Hall. The ladies of the par
lor who are very energetic used all their
efforts to make the affair a success and
in that they succeeded. The hall was
tastefully decorated with tne national col
ors and flffs of the Union and the Maine
evening with all the airs of exclusive pos
session, regaling her with stories of his
prowess as a football player and athlete
till at last his boasiing and patronage
had become insupportable to a girl of any
spirit.
"And then what stormy looks, what mut
terings. what disappearances into the re
freshment room—and finally, what fierce
Jealousy of the schoolmaster!"
The disappearances into the refresh
ment room lead to their natural result,
and young Mason makes himself a still
more effective foil to Helbeck by setting
drunk and in that condition driving
Laura home, at the risk of both their
necks, to Bannisdale. Other chances con
cur to strengthen the mutual attachment
between the girl and host, and the eternal
"duel of sex" now fairly commences. It
is long and desperately fought— too long,
indeed, for the strictly narrative interest
of the book; but it would be ungracious,
perhaps, to complain of a prolixity which
affords room for one of the subtlest psy
chological studies which this penetrating
student of the spiritual life has ever
given us. It is a striking testimony to its
powers that it produces a complete
revulsion in the reader's mind to
ward the hapless little female Ham
let, whose two worlds of emotion
and intellect are so hopelessly out of
joint, and who Is so plainly powerless to
Bet them right. Masterly in its lucid con
cisenesa Is the author's demonstration of
the essential Inequality of the struggle
between the girl and the man, when, after
they have become formally engaged to
each other ufrtier irresistible stress of
artistically drar>ed was an attractive
adornment <>n one of the walls. The or
: che&tra was concealed In a miniature for
esl of palms and bamboo and the effect
of the unseen music was charming.
It has been decided that the public in-
Btallatlon of th< j officers of Buena Vista
Parlor will be hold on the 21st inst. Last
Tuesday about thirty members of this
parlor visited Alcatraz island and pre
b< m. d a company Hag to the company of
: First Washington Volunteers stationed
there. The flap was receiver! on behalf of
the company by captain Miller, he deliv
ering a reply trial was as patriotic as was
. the address of presentation.
The officers of Piedmont Parlor were
1 Installed last week in Oakland, and after
the beautiful ceremony there was pre
sented to the parlor a handsome silk Amer
ican flag by Mrs. Minnie McDonald, the
presentation being accompanied by ap
propriate remarks. This was received on
. behalf of the parlor by Miss G. Sur
rhvne. whose response was in choice lan
guage. There was present a large audi
er.ee. as the installation was public.
There followed a programme which em
braced musical selections by Professor
; Morris and the Goodsell brothers, a reci
tation by Mrs. Jennie E. Brown and a
guitar solo by Mips L. Can. Then there
was dancing until midnight.
Mrs. Lena H. Mills of Joaquin Parlor,
the new grand president of the order,
' was tendered a reception and banquet In
; the Native Sons" Hall last week by the
members <>f her parlor. The new officer
1 was welcomed by Mrs. Mamie Mathney
; of Joaquin Parlor and the guest of honor
madf an admirable response. Addresses
i were also made by Mrs. Amelia Snyder.
i District Deputy Ida Safferhill and Dis
j trict Deputy at Large Susie Kohlberg.
At the banquet there were covers for
forty-four and a glorious time was had.
THE NEW RITTWL.
The new ritual adopted at the recent
session of the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West was the
one prepared by Mrs. Minnie J. Gunzen
dorfer, treasurer of Sans Souei Parlor, a
young lady whose literary attainments
have made her the subject of much fa
vorable comment in her circle of friends
and acquaintances. The several parts
whirli the officers give utterance to in the
carrying out of the work are clothed in
eloquent descriptive language, and from
beginning to finish it \r- historical and
gives ;Ui hearers an epitomized sketch of
tlic principal events of the State, so that
while learning the mystery of the order
the candidate is impressed with what the
State in which she lives has been and is.
The ritual is not a hotchpotch, made up
of the striking features of the ritualistic
work of various orders, but it is entirely
original and is beautiful in its originality.
The lady has reason to feel proud of her
work and the order is to be congratulat
ed on its adoption. Last week the mem
bers of Sans Souci, feeling so elated over
the fact that the work of their treasurer
had been adopted, visited her at home on
Ilaight street and, taking possession of
the house, gave her a surprise party.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The following named are the new offi
cers of Court Independence: R. J. O'Riel
ly. Jr. I*. C. C; I. Goldman. C. C; John
J. Fury, S. C. R.; J. F. Grady, R. S.; G.
D. Keely, S. W.; C. R. Sweeney, J. W.; B.
F. Jackson, S. B.; George D. Marshall,
J. B.
The officers of Court Defiance were in
stalled last Thursday night by District
Deputy E. S. Harding in a manner that
waa most .satisfactory to the large at
tendance that was present. After the
ceremony a special committee took charge
and provide for all present a high jinks
that proved to be a most entertaining" af
fair, as there was good talent, plenty of
smoking material, refreshments and sand
wiches and it was voted that Defiance is
in the front row of entertainers. .
Court Seal Rock has had the following
named installed as its officers for the; cur
rent term: A. S. Blick, C. R. ; J. F. Arndt.
S. C. R. ; H. J. Willis. C. S.; E. W. Jack
ons, S. W.: I) Z. Bock, J. W.: C. M.
Troppma:.n. S. R; J. B. Ryan. J. B. This
court will celebrate its anniversary by an
entertninmei.t on the 21st inst. to which
all its friend? end brother soldier Fores
ters will be invited.
FOR FORESTER SOLDIERS.
Next Wednesday evening the Congrega
tion Beth Jacob of Oakland will give a
grand social in Gier's Hall in that city,
in aid of the Relief Committee that has
been organized to lissist the Foresters of
America and the male relatives of the
Companions of the Forest of America who
have enlisted in the service of the United
States, also their dependents. A fine en
tertainment is promised and as the cause
is b worthy one it should be liberally pa*t
ronized.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The social that was given in the latter
part of June by Orange Blossom Circle
of the Companions of the Forest of
America in "Oroville was a decided suc
cess, and it reflects credit on Mesdames
Jolly and Faul and Misses Gumman and
Weldon. the committee of arrangements.
passion, the mutual repulsion of their
jarring creeds begins to reassert itself:
"Had the ditrerences between her and
Helbeck been differences of opinion, they
wuulcl have melted like morning dew.
but they went far deeper. Helbeck, in
deed, was in his full maturity. He had
been trained by Jesuit teachers; he had
lived and thought; his mind had a frame
work."
Laura, on the other hand, like thou
sands, unhappily, of young men and wo
| men who mistake the fruits of heredity,
influence and example for the results of
original thought— Laura was "the pure
product of an environment."
The end of the struggle is plainly to be
foreseen; the event indeed has only to
unfold itself from the lixed constitution
of the characters as preordained by their
creator. Laura, unable to endure the sit
uation, abruptly breaks off her engage
ment and takes refuge with some Cam
bridge friends. Thence, however, she is
j summoned to attend the deathbed of her
! stepmotner, and in the imminence of that
final parting she resolves to accept her
lover's faith. They nasten to the dying
woman's bedside, but arrive too late to
toll her of it, and Laura, ireod from this
last impulse to self-surrender, finds all
the old agony of the struggle returning
upon her. "Something was said," she
writes in a letter not read till after her
death, "that reminded me of my father.
"I was back in the old life— l heard
him speaking quite distinctly. "Laura,
you cannot do it— you cannot do it!' And
he looked at me in sorrow and displeas
ure. I argued with him so long, but he
beat me down."
In fact, she coulu not do It; and, rather
than attempt it, she destroys herself.
Helbeck becomes a Jesuit.
It is a tragedy with— granted the char
acters—all the inevitableness of tragedy.
But in granting the characters we grant
a good deal. One spark of humor— nay,
one grain of prose— in either Helbeck or
Laura would have saved them ooth; and
the lack of these qualities not only makoH
the denouement of the novel difficult of
acceptance, but causes its development to
impress us with a sense of exaggeration.
Vastly important as is the issue at stake
between the couple, their absorption in
it is so intense and protracted that at
last we actually begin to fancy that it
is in excess of the occasion. Dr. Fried
land, Laura's Cambridge friend, quotes
with approval Sir John Pringle's rebuke
to Boswell wnen he meditated becom
ing a 'vert, and the great Scotch lawyer
"observed with warmth that any one pos
sessing a particle of gentlemanly spirit
would sooner be damned to all eternity
than give his relations so much trouble
as Bozzy was giving to his." There are
times when we almost feel that, grave a=
would have been this alternative to their
mutually inflicted moral torments, the
two tormentors should have accepted it,
if only out of gentlemanly and ladylike
consideration for each other.
The Macmillan Company, publishers.
RUPERT OF HENTZfIU.
A Sequel to the " Prisoner of Zenda," by
Anthony Hope.
This is a good story and full of inci
dent and action, but it is not, like its
predecessor, a spontaneous story, one
which the author wrote because it was in
his mind and he had to. The ending of
"The Prisoner of Zenda" was satisfac
tory in every way. The genius and
"motif" of the story was preserved in
the ending. To bring Rudolf back and
put him through a series of adventures in
tlie kingdom of Ruritunia was simply a
work of art. On reading the story of
"Rupert of Hentzau" one cannot escape
from the idea that the author's first no
tion was to bring about the marriage of
Rudolf and Flavia, but the losric of
events was too strong for him. We would
have been perfectly content forever to
have imagined Flavia on her throne learn
ing to love the King, her husband, and
Rassendyll, a country squire in England,
I There was in addition to a varied pro
| gramme of song, music and dance a fish
I pond, candy booth and the disposition of
a handsome silk American flag- which
was awarded to Mrs. Behn, one 'of the
members. There was also a flag drill by
twenty-four boys and girls in costume.
which was a pleasant patriotic feature
that elicited much applause. This parlor
is doing very well, and is anxious to as-
I Hist the movement in aid of the Forester
soldiers and their dependents.
Last Wednesday night the officers cf
Robin Hood were installed by Deputy J.
J. Cordy, assisted by F. de Julio The
new officers are: Miss Mamie Baccus
Jr. P. C. C. ; Mrs. L. Atwood, C. C; Miss
Lmma Laederich, S. C. C. ; Miss A Ticou
let, R. S.; Miss Mamie Sehoen, F. S.- Mrs
Baccus, R. G.; Miss A. Gudehus, L. G :
M*3" Krhard. I. G.j Mrs. Wiluski, O. G.
J he new chief companion announced that
in future the first meeting would be de
voted to business and the second to so
ciability, and a committee of five unmar
ried ladies was named to provide enter
tainment at the last meetings for the next
three months. The modest member cf
Inter Nos Circle, on behalf of Robin Hood
Circle, presented a handsome badge and
framed certificate to Mrs. Goldman the
retiring past chief companion. J Spar
rowe presented to the retiring chief com
panion a beautiful bar pin with the em
blem of the order attached.
The same evening L. Atwood, D D
installed the officers of Inter Nos Circle'
and as it wa/3 a public one, there was in
addition to the ceremony, a pro*ratnrae
that included an Instrumental o by
Mrs. Newman; zither duet. Mrs. Rosa
and Mr. Eastwood; vocal solo by W
Donaldson, violin and guitar duet by
Dora and Mary Newman, and vocal soles
by E. W. Haughey and Grant Gray
After that there were games and dancing
until midnight. Miss Maggie Forrest the
new chief companion, was given the as
surance of an active support during her
term. Mrs. W. Donaldson, the junior
past chief companion, was presented a
badge of her rank in the order, also a
framed certificate.
Palo Alto Circle at its meeting last
\\ ednesday initiated two candidates and
received seven applications.
Mrs. J. Weisel, chief companion, and the
other officers of Live Oak Circle were in
stalled by Deputy H. Cohn last Wednes
day night. There were present a large
number of visitors. The club of this
circle is arranging for an outing on the
30th inst. at San Lorenzo.
THE GRAND CHIEF COMPANION.
Last Thursday night the following:
WHIST
NON-MNEMONIC SINGLE TABLE DUPLI-
CATE.
By P. J. Tormep
We have received several communications
from whist players in regard to our non
mnemonic whist game, introduced by the
writer to the Trlst Duplicate whist Club of
this city something over a year ago. A de
scription of this game was given in the April
number of Whist. Every one of our corre
spondents seems to be In accord and all of the
same opinion, that is they don't seem to be
able to get any head or tail to my description
of the way it Is done. I will try and explain
it over ii:-;:'n. It Is as follows:
Say I am delegated to prepare twenty-four
deals for an evening's play. I pick out the
odd numbered trays of a 24 set, numbers 1, 3,
5, 1 and so on, up to and Including number 23
(by count 12); I take 12 packs of cards; com
mencing with tray No. 1 I take one pack, flfst
taking out the deuce of any one suit for the
trump, note It on a trump slip, then shuffle
and distribute the cards in regular order— to
North, South, East and West; when this 1»
done, put the cards Into the pocket of the tray
or holder, placing the trump slip face up oi.
the top of the dealer's cards. Now take the
next tray in order— number 3— shuffle the cards,
deal them as before after taking out the deuce
of some other suit for the trump; keep on re
peating this until you have dealt 12 packs, and
of course you have completed the deals for the
12 trays. In every one of these 12 deals a deuct
is turned lor trump. We usually alternate th*
trump; In one deal we select the deuce of
spades, the next the deuce of hearts, the next
the deuce of clubs, then the deuce of diamonds.
When this is completed, we take the even
numbered empty trays, take them haphazard
the first one you pick up say Is No. 18; place
It before you, spread out a pack of cards face
up anil pick out and put into tray No. 18,
duplicate of No. 1 (or any other odd numbered
deal), but you musr transpose the suits and
hands. East to South, South to West. West to
Niirth, North to East In the following man
ner: East is the "dealer" on tray No. 1, given
in our two illustrated deals. We start in with
this hand — it has a certain number of each suit,
spades, hearts, clubs and diamonds; the spades
are transposed Into hearts, the hearts into
clubs, clubs into diamonds and the diamonds
with a portly wife and seven children
only thinking in the twilight when the
sun had set behind the Kentish hills, of
the days when he was the savior of a
dynasty.
People seem so anxious to hear more
about the loves of Flavia and Rudolf that
it seemed a flying in the face of Provi
dence to neglect the opportunity, so Mr.
Hope brought Rudolf back from his re
tirement in England to put him through
a new set of adventures and make a
story. The only character now left
around which Mr. Hope could weave a
sequel to his sequel is Flavia, the Queen.
In "Rupert of Hentzau" Mr. Hope is
most unjust to the King. He says that
after his imprisonmt-nt at the hands of
Black Michael he became peevish and
morose. In short, he changes entirely the
sharacter of the King we knew and whom
Rudolf rescued, in order to make his story
fit. There is one excellent passage in the
story (there are many, so far as that
goes, but one which is almost an excuse
for writing the novel), and that is where
Rudolf is walking in the garden trying to
decide on what course he (Shall pursue.
Old Sapt and the giddy Bernenstein while
they are waiting for the decision, talk
about the moon and its effect on the
human mind. Sapt does most of the talk
ing, and, in faith, he does it well. By all
means read "Rupert of Hentzau," and
then forget it. and Imagine that the Eng
lish wife of Rudolf is calling him now
o - nights to come in out of the damp or
his rheumatism will be worse.
"Rupert of Hentzau, from the Memoirs of
Fritz yon Tarlenheim." By Anthony Hope.
Cloth, 12mo. pp. 3SB. Illustrated by C. D.
Gibson. Price, Jl 50.
TO WHAT IS DUE THE SUPERI
ORITY OF THE ANGLO-SAXON ?
A prominent French author uses this
question as the title of a new book in
which he frankly admits Anglo-Saxon su
periority and seeks to set forth the causes
thereof. The author is M. Demolins, edi
tor of La Science Soclale; and a promi
nent Parisian firm published his book.
M. Demolins' book opens with a de
fense of the title in these words:
"It is useless to deny the superiority of
the Anglo-Saxons. We may bo vexed by
this superiority, but the fact remains de
spite our vexation. We cannot go any
where about the world without meeting
Englishmen. Over all our possessions of
former times the English or the Tnited
States flag now floats. The Anglo-Pax* >n
has supplanted us in North America,
which we occupied from Canada to Louis
iana; in Mauritius, once called the Isle
of France; in Egypt. He dominates
America by Canada and the United
States; Africa, by Egypt and the Cape;
Asia, by India and Burma; Oceanica, by
Australia and New Zealand; Europe and
the entire world by his commerce, by his
HIS RUSTIC GRIEVANCE OGAINST WHEELMEN.
Visitor — How's business?
Boatman— Business! Why there ain't no business since these 'ere bicycle*
come inter fashion. Why, they comes down 'ere, takes our fresh air as we're cele
brated for, and pumps inter their blooming wheels and takes it away with 'em
-Phil May
named were installed as officers of Bonita
Circle, the home circle of Ira W. Coburn,
the grand chief companion: Henry Rup
pel, P. C. C; Miss May Bailey. C. C;
Jennie Johnson, S. C. ; Mrs. Cavanagh, R.
S.; Minnie Gerl. F. S.; Mr. Mangels, i.;
Miss Maggie Downing, R. G. ; Miss Lillie
McCreery, L. G. ; Miss Schofi. I. \V.; Miss
G. Ottlet. O. G.; Miss Reck, organist. The
installing officer was Deputy Mrs. M. Con
nell, assisted by Mrs. L. Atwood. There
were present a large number of the grand
officers and many visitors from other cir
cles. After the ceremony there was a
banquet in honor of the grand chief com
panion, and nearly seventy-five sat -at the
table. After the menu had been discussed
Toastmaster Chamberlain made a neat
speech, explanatory of the banquet ten
dered the grand officer, and there was a
feeling response in acknowledgment of the
honor. Then there were short addresses
by Mrs. F. Jacobs. G. S. C. C. ; Mrs. At
woo'l, G. R. S. : Mrs. K. Harrington. P.
G. C. C. and V. G. H. 8., and others.
There were also a dance and vocal music.
Into spades. They can be mixed up In any
other order of suits desired: turn up a deuce
for trump from the suit that corresponds with
the trump suit and deal of No. 1.
_ You go on in this way and complete * the
duplication of the twelve deals, taking a mem
orandum of course in what trays the deals ar«
duplicated for the purpose of comparison after
the play is over. We find that it eliminates
the memory feature as near as it is possible to
dc i.2 O\T0 \T When > 0U are ready to play, start in
with No. 1 and go right straight through to
the finish to 21, placing the arrow to the North
as usual on every deal. / ;.
We give below a sample of a deal and how It
is duplicated:
ORIGINAL DEAL NO. 1.
Deuce of Spades trump: South leads.
; Spades — 8 5. ,
Hearts— A. K. 3.'
.' Clubs— O. J. 7. 6, 2.
Diamonds— B, 6.
!s£iS=»; 8. 6. 4. ~^ • i Snades-Q, 6. 4, 3,
Clubs-6. 4. WE i£ ertße rtB - Q - 10. 5.
Diamonds-J, 10. ;:^: SI" 118 - !?' s \ „ V
7, 5, 4. j S Diamonds— 9. 3.
Spades— A, K. 10, 9.
Hearts— J. 7.
Clubs— A, X, 9. 3.
: Diamonds— X. Q. 2.
. DEAL NO. IS. DUPLICATE OF NO. 1.
With the hands and suits transposed -
Deuce of Hearts trump; West leads
Spades— J, 10, 7, 5, ■ '
! .' , . ■ Hearts — 7." ~ ■ . <
Clubs— 8, 6, 4, 2.
• ' .'.;-;;:. Diamonds— 6, 4. ~'.
Spades— Q, 2. I ~js _ \. -\.
Hearts-A, K. 10. ' . Spades— S. 6
9. , *- Hearts— J. 8. 5.
Clubs-J.-7. WE Clubs- A. K. 3.
Diamonds— A, X, Diamonds— Q; J.
- ; ■ : Bpades— A. 9. 3. '
:'. ' ileartß— Q. 6, 4, 3. 2.
Clubs— Q. 10. 5.
Diamonds— lo, 8.
THh PRIZE HABIT AT WHIST CONTESTS.
The following communication is from the pen
of Mrs. ' ; Margaretta , Wethertll ! Wallace, ■? presi
dent of the Metropolitan Whist Association of
New York ! and . whist editor of the New York
Evening Post. It touches the keynote of what
will Mine day be of vital Interest to all whist
Industry, and by his politics. The Anglo- .
Saxon world is, to-day at the head of that >(
civilzation which is most active, most i
progressive, most devouring. Let this
race establish itself anywhere on the
globe and at once there is introduced with
prodigious rapidity the latest progress of
our estern societies and often these
young societies surpass us. Observe what
we Frenchmen have done with New
Caledonia and our other possessions in »
Oceanica, and what the Anglo-Saxons \
have done in Australia and New Zealand. t
Observe what Spain and Portugal have
made of South America, and what the !'
Anglo-Saxons nave made of North Amer- •
ica. There is as much difference aS be
tween night and day "
MAGAZINES
All the articles In the Forum for July are
particularly readable. While so much bio
graphical matter relative to the late Mr. Glad
stone is being presented to the public by the
press and the magazines, the Fnrum has for its
leading article a sketch of the deceased states
man by Justin McCarthy, M. P., written four
yean; ago, with the stipulation that it should
not be published until after Mr. Gladstone's
death.
Nearly half a hundred pictures illustrating
phase? of the war appear in the new issue of
Collier's Weekly. The frontispiece shows
Roosevelt's Rou^h Riders, who have been dis
tinguishing themselves afoot, and there |g a
suimi-Ip double-page drawing by F. C. Yohn of
cavalry on drill responding to the command
"Charge!" The dynamite cruiser Vesuvius, ,
which has been overturning Cuban guns and
naval prejudices at a great rate, is fully pic
tured and describc-d. The second Manila ex
pedition, which Is of peculiar Interest in view
of Spain's new fleet moving eastward, is tha
subject of two full pages of pictures.
The July number of the North American Re
view—the initial one of Its eighty-fourth year
offers to Its readers a table of contents most
valuable, interesting and timely. "An Object
Lesson In Anglo-Saxon Rule— What Britain
Has Done In Egypt," is elahorately presented
by Ralph Richardson, honorary secretary of
the Royal Scottish Geographical Society. "The
Regulars in the Civil War" is a theme bril
liantly treated by Rufus F. Zogbaum, while
"Australian Federation," viewed In the light of
recent colonial elections. Is ably discussed by
John W. Russell.
ThA American Agriculturist Tear Book has
Just made its appearance. It Is a cyclopedia
of events and a valuable work of reference.
It is, of course, particularly adapted to the
farm. The Orange Judd Company, New York,
publishers.
Outing for July fairly gleams with sunshine
and outdoor life. It is full of fine pictures and
contains a number of very readable articles.
clubs. Mrs. Wallace says (and wo indorw
every word of it [Ed.] :
"A feature of the Philadelphia Woman's
Whist Congress, and one that distinguished it
from the meetings of the American Whist
League, was the value and number of prizes
that were awarded the winners in the various
contests. In viewing this matter in the light
that the experience of two women's whist
I congresses has afforded, it seems that a word
i should be spoken against the growth of what
may be called the prize habit. One of Phila
delphia's foremost whist women, who was con
nected with the league movement from its
very beginnings, placed herself on record by
! saying that "indiscriminate prize-giving had a
I tendency to cheapen whist.' and there can bo
I no doubt that the playing for individuaj re
| wards of that nature develops much in the
I character of the player that is, to say the
lpast. the reverse of ennobling.
I "Stake playing has always been frowned up
on by the American Whist League, and the
Woman's Whist League does not hesitate to
| set its face arainst all such practices. In
deed, "women in whist' stands synonymous for
'parity of the game.' and it certainly seems
as if the prize-siving adjunct to the congress
is only another form of playing for a stake.
This may perhaps be taken as an extreme
view, and the woman who would recoil in hor
ror from taking part in a game of "bridge" can
perhaps see no harm in playing for a prize
As a cuestion of ethics there can be no dif
ference of opinion. The highest type of whist
is that in which nothing beyond the score it
self is in competition so far as the Individuals
themselves are concerned.
"The playing for trophies is an entirely dif
ferent matter. There the victory Is the club's,
represented by their team or pair, as the cas«
may be, and the honor due to those who can
win a championship for the club that they
i represent ran certainly not put them in the
same class with those who struggle for a per
sonal benefit.
•"It would require some courage for the
Women's Whist League next year to eliminate
prize-giving from its programme, and- there is
j little doubt that it would reduce the number
of the entries, but would that be a disadvan
tage? Would not the element that considers
the winning of a prize the only Incentive to
the game find its level in progressive euchro
and would not whist be elevated by its rid
dance from a type of nlayers who, whether
consciously or not, are responsible fur the
growth of a sordid spirit in whist?"
NEW PLAYS AND NEW SYSTEMS
T. E. Otis, whist editor of the Newark Newi
of Newark, N. J., gives lots of practical ad
vice in the following article, which we are
pleased to reproduce:
"To beginners or players of limited experi
ence the numerous new plays and systems
whifh have been developed during the past
year or two are undoubtedly confusing and
tend to drj-courage students of whist in' their
efforts to learn the game. It is not good policy
for any but the most expert placers to attempt
to make use of the various plays exploited aa
even the originators of many of these inven
tions admit that to a large extent they are
experimental. The advocates of the long-suit
game believe that the present more or less
unsettled condition of affairs is but a fore
runner of a return, by many of those now at
tempting to demonstrate the value of these so
called improvements, to the established lame
as set forth by our most prominent wrfterf I?
| beginners will conscientiously 'master th |
American leads and the plays whic-H are the
basis of the long-suit Kame. they win find tnat
as their experience grows they are ableto ho?d
1 fin fiarK J ? lS entire 'y unnecessary, par
t cularly if players will give partner the as-
Bho^ing leads, uniform plays under like con
ditions, and consistent following of the straight
long-suit fljstem."THE STAGE
THE latest Issue of one of the lea.llne
dramatic journals of New York says
that "'the man who tan call th<
and call it right, on the Bhow busi
ness for the next season can have
- tod salary as a prophet." A
similar statement was made in these col
umns last month and it still holds |
Another recognized authority of the
metn . . ■■J■, I> t now the thou
sands ; :,■: ,■ I'skin;: themselves this ques
tion: 'What is thf matter with the up-
Irama that reaches us frnm Eiik
land "r that which springs up spontane
ously in our own fti Ids? Something is the
matter with it or else tht- thou
r.nt he asking the question.' "
The expert managerial guessers are
struggling with this problem throughout
the great show centers of the country,
and their errors or excellences of judg
ment will be known at the close of the
coming regular season. These observations
are not intended as reflections upon the
wisdom of- the gentlemen who cater to
the amusement-loving 1 public, but are
p!nin facts, the correctness of which is
Well Known to those who. watch, the
vagaries of the dramatic kaleidoscope.
'J :v history of the drama In this coun
try Bhowa thai the American people ap
■ d properly patronize flrst-clasa
is, whether ih.-y i>.> of the vint
: twenty years ago >>r of :■
■
As an instance, take the war drama,
"Shenandoah," which has made the au
thor not less than $300,000, and as a chest
nut is now running In Chicago and New
York to crowded business; but when he
presented "Aristocracy' 1 It did not till all
the requirements. It was too rich in cyn
icalism, so much permeated with the cold
ness and uncomfortable features of so
called high social life, that the comedy
Bide of the play did not suffice to create
the happy balance that dramatists strive
for. Again, take the "Little Minister,"
which has had a run of 300 nights in New
York, and has secured a fortune for its
owner. The play simply struck the re
sponsive chord and our American play
goers did the rest.
The people of this country, as a rule,
know what they like in the way
of amusement. They are earnest,
not excitable, and as a nation
do not overlook the serious Bide of
lift-. However, they can see enough
of the problems of existence without vis
iting the ; lay house, and they will not
be coddled into promoting those unin
vited productions that, with all the ac
cessory preparation and talent of the act
ors, succeed only in leaving a bad taste
In the mouth. They don't care for the
verities, the bad-odored, realistic horrors,
moral or otherwise, which have been
forced upon them, and the failures of
such plays have proven the fact.
It is strange that authors and managers
will not take cognizance of the circum
stance that our average playgoers are
easily bored. if they be not so, why is it
that the successful old-Ume star lecturer
Is a matter of history only, and that the
most popular preacher of the day is he
who delivers not alone a bright and en
tertaining sermon, but makes it exceed
ingly brief. Less talk and more action
is their watchword, and some day the
promoters of the legitimate will succeed
in discovering the fact to the advantage
of all.
While considering these facts it may be
well to refer to the circumstance that
such stars as .7. H. Stoddard, Rose Cogh
■■>rirn,.-. Robert Downing, Clara Mor
: v - is, and. lastly Frederick
■\\'.ird»\ th< eminent English trage
dian of the day, to say nothing of i
minor favorites, have betaken themselves
to the vaudeville si:: I: managerial
reply to the querj as to why this Is thus.
Is thai these i pie are tf-mpted from the
legitimate paths by fat salaries, As the
people make posible the payment of these
corpulent retainers it must be in.
that they find in theso playhouses
thine they are willing to pay for. So far
£<s San Francisco is concerned the experi
of years has proved that a well-act
ed, first-class play, made on the right
lij.es. is Invariably rewarded with crowded
j, whether produced In a favorite
r or not.
!" Btion why, in view of such facts,
in*!'- such attractions nr<- not presented,
hi b not as yet been consistently an-
Bwered.
A peculiarity of the situation in the
theatrical world of America is that our
best and brightest productions are going
to London, while our British cousins are
Bending us in return their alleged good
things.
To our, sorrow they do not fit. They
are too superficial, notwithstanding their
clever manipulation, and, furthermore,
are pitched in a false key— not hold
the mirror as they should. The day has
passed when the American people can
assimilate the works of such men as
fchaw or Pinero. For the welfare of the
stagf something with the ring of true
nu-tal must be provided if the public taste
Is to be (gratified.
, The success of vaudeville has had a
baneful effect upon the minds of a num
ber of the promoters of burnt cork show*
and we ngret to record the fact 'that
they are now laboring under the delusion
that the public are really pining/ for an
all-round revival of minstrelsy. Even the
patriarchal Colonel "Jack" Haverly has
bean hypnotized into the idea that he is
called upon to come forth from his long
seclusion and fill a painful void with
burnt cork art. However, these be war
days, and we can sadly prepare for a
bombardment by Haverly, Primrose and
Dockstader, . West and Trust, Cleveland
and Wilson, and Al Field. There will
certainly be a "hot time" ' before" the
trouble Is over. At this pace we will
soon be witnessing the revival of the real
old blood-and-thunder melodrama which
v.c must confess would, under certain cir
cumstances, be regarded as the lesser
evil. ■
The attractions In the local field for the
coming week are: "Lost— 24 Hours," at
the Columbia; "Faust," at the Alcazar;
"Romany Rye," at the Grand Opera
house; "Fatinitza," at the Tivoli, and
some good things at the Orpheum and
Chutes.
The Golumbia.
"Lost— 24 Hours." with "The Littlest
Girl" as a curtain-raiser, will be the
double bill at the Columbia the coming
week. The Frawley Company will have
an oportunity to show tneir abilities in
tjie two extremes — pathos and comedy of
the farcical order. The introductory piece
is said to be very pathetic, with plenty of
t.-ais. in it, while the three-act comedy is
asserted to be a screamer from start to
finish. "The Littlest Girl" is from Rich
ard Harding Davis' "Van Bibber Stories,"
and will be played with T. Daniel Fraw
ley as Van Bibber, Theodore Roberts as
Mr. Caruthers and Robert G. Wilson as
Davenport, while "the littlest girl" willbT
portrayed by Gracie Best.
"Lost— 24 Hours," is probably one of the
best comedy works secured by Mr. Fraw
ley for presentation this year. It was an
Immense success as the vehicle for the
i! troduction of Robert Milliard as a star,
an«l it is timely to note also that in Made
line Kouton Mr. Frawley will have the
or of the role of Miss Dacre in the
AMUSEMENTS.
j*T~>^ r San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
J?£r^^V £\ Los Angeles, Cal. , Estab. 1894
MB |L\ Sacramento, Cal., Estab. 1897
jL (\ ti %| Kansas City, Mo., Estab. 1 897
WALTER WORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COmmENCING MONDAY, JULY llth.
_ _ ES[ - - CAPTURED - - PZ - m
3-IVEW EASTERN STARS-** ___________
Extraordinary Comedian lIiVN PN M ii X § H ALLEN AND HART.
. . . ■■.'— . —^JXJUJl^l^ XX XXXlil X .....,- —
And the Most Versatile of All Character Soubrettes,
MISS CARRIE DE MAR, Pres^^^^^ r ov7^ s mm^^^l
FLE TJTRB IT TE ,
. _ ;■_ Charming Terpsichorean Artiste. l .. l ,^ WlJj ,_ ri _.__
THE GREAT AMERICAN COMEDY. STARS,
BERT COOTE m JULIE KINQSLEY
In a Comedy Skit Entitled "SUPPER FOR TWO."
AND DAUGHTERS,
Whistling Prlma Donnas, in a New Repertoire.
LAST WEEK OP THE FOLLOWING ARTIBT3, IN ENTIRELY NEW ACTS :
FALKE & SEMON I CHARLES WAYNE
*r-,." 4 ,, Musical Artists. :'■ ■ | ... Eccentric Comedian.
ANNA CALDWELL JONES,^GRANT AND JONES,
Comedienne. ■ 1 ; ' • The Colored Trio. '" . -
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, July lOfc- Parquet « 25ai -M£^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, jtILY 10, 1898.
original production. The lines of the com
edy are bright and the action is rapid.
Act one tells of a newly married man,
whose wife is out of town, receiving a
call from a former flame. His wife re
turns a day earlier than he had expected
her (he was lost twenty-four hours in
sleeping off the effects of a spree), and
she comes in just as his old-time girl is
kissing him. He Introduces her to his
wife as his sister.
In act two complications follow, and the
husband's pious brother makes ludicrous
scenes by his efforts to avoid- being a
party to his fast brother's deceptions.
Exposure threatens in act three, but
trouble is averted by a cleverly worked
out scheme handled by the husband. As
already stated. Miss Bouton will be seen
in her original creation of the adventur
ess, Miss Dacre, and one of the leading
Eastern papers said of her performance:
,"Her's was a well sustained character
performance, played throughout with a
reserve force which unmistakably be
spoke a woman of true genius. She has
remarkably expressive features and . va
rying emotions play over them with fine
discrimination." Others in the cast to
morrow night will be Edward M. Bell.
Alfred Hlckman, Sam Edwards, Louis
Payne, David Conger. Fanchon Campbell,
Lucille La Verne, Maude .Winter, Cora
Tinnie and Edward 'G:. Con way. The play
will be given a careful staging, and from
all accounts a most interesting production
will result.
The Empire Theater success, "Liberty
Hall," is announced to follow "Lost— 24
Hours," at the Columbia Theater. It is
a play which should receive a particularly
strong interpretation at the hands of the
Frawley company. No end of prepara
tions are being made fur the forthcom
ing production of the great war drama,
"A Gallant Surrender," which will be
produced for the first time on any stage
by the Frawley company at the Colum
bia Theater late this month.
The y\!cazar.
The successful run of "Frederick the
Great" at the Alcazar will close to-nißht
and will be remembered as an Instructive
bit of history, ably presented and embel
lished with scenic and general magnifi
cence. To-morrow night the public will
have the first opportunity in eight years
to see Mr. Morrison in his created role
of Mephisto in "Faust," and Miss Flor
ence Roberts for the first time in the
character of Marguerite. Eastern critics
have been lavish in praising her acting In
this part and regard her rendition of it
equal, If not superior, to the work ot
Ellen Terry in that role. The local sup
port, which will complete the cast, will
be of unusual excellence and the stage
mountings elaborate and beautiful. It la
AMUSEMENTS.
hardly necessary to dilate upon the dra
matic and philosophical qualities of
Goethe's masterpiece. In Germany, ana
even in France, its presentation mean*
a full house. In the fatherland it stands
as does Hamlet with the Anglo-Saxon, a
drama treating some of the severest
problems of life in a striking and ac
certablu form, not the simple arrange
ment of the Germans, which would not
be appropriate here, but it is sufficiently
close to the original. Morrison's concep
tion of Mephisto's satanic character is
brilliant, virile and impressive and in the
part he has no peer on the English stage.
The rast follows:
Mephisto (immortal), Lewis Morrison;
Sycoraz (witch). Miss Avon; Zendoe
(witch). Miss Cleary; Faust (mortal),
Frank Denithorn; Valentine, Marguerite's
brother (.mortal), George Foster Platt;
Siebel (mortal), Howard Scott; Wagner
(mortal), Charles Bryant: Altmeyer
(mortal). Fred Halifax: Brander (mortal).
Frank Steward: Frosch (mortal). Frank
Warner; Martha, Mrs. F. M. Bates; Lisa,
Miss Gertrude Foster; Elsie, Lillian
Armsby; Catherine, Marguerite Yost;
Marguerite, Miss Florence Roberts.
Jhe TiVoli.
The revival of "Fatinltza," Yon Sup
pe's popular comic opera, at the Tivoli
'< next week will be in a brilliant style. A
1 well selected cast, including Elvia Crox
Seabrooke, as the masquerading and
' prankish young Lieutenant Vladimir;
I Helen Merrill, as the romantic and beau
tiiul Princess Lydia; Edwin Stevens, as
the gruff general, Kantohukoff ; Phil
Branson, as the adventurous Julian
Hardy, the war correspondent of the New
York Herald; W. H. Went, as the re
formed Pasha; Barney Reynolds as the
old sergeant, Steipann, and Fred Kava
. nagh as the obliging guardian of the
harem. Mustapha. The other roles will
be In the hands of the various members
of the excellent company. A good chorus
i and an efficient orchestra, with new
i scenery and correct costumes, will add
to the many attractions of "Fatinitza,"
which is one of the prettiest, most melo-
I dious and interesting of all German com
! positions.
Complete reproductions or Amonta,
"CirolU-Girofla," "The Merry War" and
"The Beggar Student" will follow.
J^orosco's.
The reappearance of James M. Brophy
I at the Grand Opera House has fully es
j tablished his legitimate claim to popular
ity in this city. Notwithstanding the suc
cess of "Held By the Enemy," it will be
withdrawn to-night and to-morrow even
ing Mr. Brophy will appear in the pictur
esque character of Jack Hearne, the noble
gypsy of Sim's "Romany Rye."
The play has been under active rehear
sal, under the direction of Fredcricl:
1 .vivi AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR~THEATER.
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT— TIME.
FREDERIGK THE GREAT
TO-MORROW NIGHT
Starts the Eighth Week of
LEWIS MORRISON,
- ■ •■. ■-' " .-■ -■";--•- ■_ ■ '
,When ..Will Be Presented a Gorgeous Spec-
'■■■' tacular Production of:.'
FAUST!
"LEWIS MORRISON as MEPHISTO. .
FLORENCE ROBERTS as MARGUERITE. \
Our Never Changeable Prices.
ORCHESTRA' SEATS, 50c. " ' SEATS BT
DRESS CIRCLE, 3oc and 50c. PHONE.
BALCONY, 15c, : 25c and 35c. MAIN 54.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kiellng. Proprietor and Manacw.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
- THE REGAL REVIVAL OP
Gilbert & Sullivan's Favorite ' Opera, -
"THE MIKADO!"
TO-MORROW EVENING '■
Yon Suppe's" Martial Opera, -•• . -
"FATINITZA!"
"March Forward Fearlessly."
Popular Prices..'... .:.'.. .:..V...........25c and 800
No Telephone.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
'.TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
- . : Stockwell's : Grand Revival of
UNCLE TO/WS CABIN I
' Popular Prices— 85c, 25c and 15c >--:■
Paulding, undoubtedly one of the best
stage managers on this coast, and the
j man who supervised the first production
of the play in this country. As the cast
! requires a large number of characters
I several new people have been engaged
! in addition to the regular company, among
whom will be the familiar faces of Ed
ward J. Holden, Mina Gleason, and Little
Venie Wells.
Special attention will be given to the
i great scenes of the first and last acts. The
j former shows the gypsy camp at night,
i in a forest glade, by the side of a beauti
j ful waterfall, the moonlight and the rud
j dy glare of the campfires illuminating the
rfwarthy figures of the gypsies. Theship
i wreck scene will show a large steamer
I wrecked at sea, amid a terrific storm,
with the rescue of the passengers just be
fore the vessel sinks. Other notable scenes
; occur on through the play, among which
are the bird fancier's shop in Little Queer
street. London. Mother Shlpton's den in
the Black Croft, and a new view of the
River Thames, showing Westminster
Abbey and the Parliament buildings.
Jhe Orpheum.
At the Orpheum the new bill for this
week includes Joe Hart, who Is known
as one of the best comedians in the
country. He has not appeared in this
city since the days of Hallen and Hart
in "Later On." With Carrie de Mar as
his support he now appears in his sketch,
"The Quiet Mr. Gay," and which is re
plete with songs and dances, as well as
no end of comedy. The songs are all of
Mr. Hart's composition. Coote and Kings
ley appear in a nkit, "Supper for Two,"
which is described as extremely funny
and a scream of laughter from start to
finish. Fieurette is regarded as another
star attraction. She made a very favor
able Impression here with The Girl
From Paris Company. She returns to the
Orpheum with n^w dances. As a toe
dancer she has few rivals. Mrs. Alice
J. Shaw and daughters remain another
week and will appear in new selections.
Of the rest of the bill Falke and Semon.
Charles Wayne, Jones, Grant and Jones,
and Anna Caldwell all enter the last week
of their engagements at the Orpheum.
Matinees every Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday.
The California.
The last performance of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin/ with the strongest cast seen for
many a day, will take place at the Cali
fornia Theater this evening, when the
winners in the cakewalk will ba decided.
The season has been successful.
The Olympia.
The new features at the Olympia Mu
sic Hall are Ordway and Rand, remark
AMUSEMENTS. |
C*f\Y TT 15 T A " TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY— Last Time—
theater,. In "FORT FRAYNE."
-■'■''*. ■": • ' - '' '~ ' — ■■■ "_■
WITH A CQTQT A MPT? YOU WILL NOT WANT VERT LONG FOR AN OPPORTUNITY
OUR , AOiJlOlAlNvii HAVE TO .-■-. All 1 ■ TO jIAUGH,
FOR THE
7
Beginning with MONDAY NIGHT, July .41, will produce for the FIRST TIME in this . .
city, the Hilarious, Exhilarating Comedy Success,
"LOST— 24 HOURS!"
And In It a Positive Treat Will.be FOUND.
; - MONDAY, July 18— Great Empire Theater Success— LlßEßTY HALL.
U/atch for - - - - - -"A GALLANT SURRENDER.^"
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JULY 10, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE AQUATIC PROGRAMME !
50 Yard, 75 Yard, 100 Yard and 120 Yard Races
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
MUSIC BY THE OAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
"red crW benefitT
CHAMPIONSHIP BASEBAXJj
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN
VERSUS
OLYMPIC CYCLERS!
SUNDAY, JULY 10, 2 P. M.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
able bicyclists; Quasini, the Cuban
dancer; Murray and Raymond, character
change artists; Tony Ryan, the "mad mu
sician;" Maude Rockwell, soprano; the
Royce sisters, Parisian dancers, and
others. Finsttr's Orchestra is said to be
a great attraction. Matinee to-day.
The GKules.
Better and stronger week by week are
the bills at the Chutes Free Theater, and
commencing to-morow another bright pro
gramme is announced. Colby and Way,
"the ventriloquist and the dancing doll,"
have madt a great hit, and they will be
retained, as will also George H. Diamond,
the well-known author-vocalist, and the
three Leandos, comedy acrobats. Belle
AVilliams, the "Quaker City Coon Singing
Cyclone," will change her selections, and
new faces will be those of Sherwood and
Mervyn, vocal duftists. and Sam Fried
lander, musical comedian. New moving
war and humorous pictures will be shown,
and Henri Maurice Cannon, the adipose
Swiss, will continue to receive every after
noon and evening.
On Thursday next the annual celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile will be held
;it the Chutes, for the ben 'fit of the Red
Cross Society. There will be day and
night fireworks, literary and musical ex
ercises and a ball lasting all night.
People ar\d Plays.
M. B. Leavltt, who is to reopen the
Bush as the New Comedy Theater, will
arrive in this city in a couple of weeks.
Sam Edwards will play a Frenchman
in "Lost— 24 Hours."
Lewis Morrison starred In "Faust" for
eight consecutive seasons.
Modjeska Is to play a two weeks' en
gagement at the Baldwin very soon.
Clever Lucille La Verne, now with the
Frawley company, will rejoin Clay Clem
ent for the next season.
"i-,a Boheme" will be one of the Tivoli's
new productions of the grand opera sea
son; also Verdi's "Falstaff."
After the Morrison season the Alcazar
stock company will produce "The Char
ity Ball," "Men and Women" and "The
Wife."
"Amorita" will be revived at the Tivo
li. This is Czibulka's best known work.
It is called "Whitsuntide in Florence," in
German.
De Wolf Hopper is doing a big business
at Manhattan Beach with "El Capitan."
"Wang" and "The Beggar Student" are
to follow.
Walter Belasco closed with the "Heart
AMUSEMENTS.
ANNUAL
FRENCH CELEBRATION
fIT THE CHUTES
THURSDAY JULY 14,
For the Benefit of the
RED CROSS SOCIETY
AFTERNOON
MUSIC, ORATIONS and DAY FIREWORKS.
NIGHT
FIREWORKS, OPEN AIR CONCERT and
BALL.
Electric Cars Will Run All Nl?ht.
, Admission, 25c; Children, 10c.
of Maryland" company in London. Eng
land, and will come direct here to join
the Alcazar stock.
It is claimed by the Eastern press that
Miss Florence Roberts gives a more per
fect rendition of the death of Marguerite,
in "Faust," than Ellen Terry.
Louis Honig has completed the second
act of "Round About" for the Tivoli.
George E. Lask has all the designs for
scenery, costumes and accessories ready.
Poor Lillian Russell will probably have
to look around for husband number five
or will it be six? Her last experiment,
Signor Perugini, has applied for a di
vorce.
The last performance of Brigadier Gen
eral Charles King's great military drama.
"Fort Frayne," will be given by the
Frawley company at the Columbia Thea
ter to-night.
One of the divers employed in explor
ing the wreck of the Maine is now in a
Boston museum, where he shows pictures
of the warship, and tells what he saw of
her under the water.
The London admirers of R. G. Knowleg
are having spasms over this, his last gag:
"Four hundred years ago Spain discover
ed America, and now they are sorry
they took the trouble."
"A Gallant Surrender" calls for an act
ing cast of over twenty. One of the lead
ing roles is that of the girl Jess, a char
acter not unlike the Madge of "In Old
Kentucky," or "Sue," by Bret Harte.
The grand opera season of the Tivoll
will open about the middle of August and
continue over eight weeks. The artists,
scores and orchestrations of the new op
eras will all arrive the latter part of this
month.
An early production by the Frawley
company at the Columbia Theater is to
be John Drew's Immense comedy success,
"The Masked Ball. " "Liberty Hall." the
brilliant Empire Theater success, is also
in rehearsal.
On Monday night Cora Tlnnle will make
her reappearance with the Frawley Com
pany, having been out of the cast of
"Fort Frayne" for the past twe weeks.
She is to present the lively Susan in
"Lost— 24 Hours."
One of the striking scenes of "A Gallant
Surrender" is at the close of the third art,
where the Federals make a rally on the
flag 1 , forming a circle about it and the
hero, so as to protect him from the com
ing onslaught of the enemy. It is said to
make a great picture.
Madeline Bouton will appear In her
original creation of Miss Dacre in the
Frawley Company's production of "Liost—
24 Hours," at the Columbia Theater next
Monday evening. This is the role which
Miss Bouton played with Robert Hilliard'3
company for over three seasons.
San Franciscans can now breathe easier.
The coming McCoy-Choynski fight at Buf
falo is to be photographed on an Edison
moving picture machine, and will be ex
hibited simultaneously at eight different
cities, •including New York, Boston. New
Orleans, San Francisco and Chicago.
An attempt will be made to utilize the
moving photograph in a forthcoming war
drama called "Chattanooga." A full-sized
locomotive will be operated in the center
of the stage, but it will stand still, while
seemingly speed will be imparted to It by
means of panoramic views thrown upon
a screen at the back. The pictures for
that purpose have been taken from the
rear of a railway train. The trial of this
device is to be made in Chicago.
Nat C. Goodwin and Mrs. Goodwin
(Maxine Elliott) are enjoying life in *he
suburbs of London at Jackwood-on-tne-
Thames. Mr. Goodwin owns an estate of
four acres in one of the most beautiful
suburbs of the English metropolis. His
next season will not open until late in
October, with Clyde Fitch's historical
play, "Nathan Hale," which has never
been done in New York. This is Mr.
Goodwin's first pretentious effort in seri
ous work.
A foreign correspondent says that Ta
mapno, the singer, has gone to Buenos
Ayres, where he will make forty appear
ances. For his services he will receive
$100,000, besides all the expenses of him
self and retinue. It is said that Tamango
has not read a criticism of his singing
in many years, and that he cares noth
ing for any opinion of or tribute to him
except those volunteered by Kings and
others high and mighty who enjoy his
work. Of such as Tamango is the king
dom of music.
San Francisco and the Pacific Coast are
to have a number of high grade attrac
tions this fall judging- from the bookings,
says the Dramatic News. Charles Froh
man has contracted to present there Wil
liam Gillette in Secret Service, Henry
Miller and Maude Adams. These three
btrong cards are merely the beginning of
a fine list to follow. Manager Frohman is
sure the western country will heartily re
ceive these three stars and with extended
engagements in San Francisco, the pros
pects are very bright.
Blind Tom, whose musical gift was
wonderful, but whose mind was scarcely
above idiocy, disappeared from the show
business several years ago. He was un
der and control of the family which had
owned him in slavery days, and there was
a lawsuit over the property which had
been accumulated from his concerts. He
is now recalled to mind by the fact that
the Christian Adventists at Rochester
have ordained him a preacher. He has
gone into revivalism, and intersperses his
exhortations with piano playing.
The public is about to face the Inevi
table in the shape of another prize
lighter play. It will be a conglomerate,
including "Ned" Harrigan, the delectable
Martin Julian and Bob Fitzsimmons.
They will perpetrate the long-forgotten
"Mulligan Guards' Ball." "Fitz" will do
the scrapping act, in an endeavor to ele
vate the stage and avoid meeting Mr.
Corbett. In this laudable, Christian <-!p
vating act he will have a rival in the per
son of Eddie Baia, tho bicycle champion,
who is to star in a play in which a realis
tic -bicycle race will be the principal
feature.
AMUSEMENTS.' * ■'•.-.
MOROSGO'SGRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Two Performances of j
i "HELD BY THE ENEMY." r^.-''
Commencing To-morrow Night,
• JAMES M. BROPHY
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
■ In a Grand Spectacular Production of
THE ROMANY RYE.
: Directed by Mr. Frederick Paulding.
■ Beautiful Gipsy Camp C2l f""* "DT 1 "NT ' Li '
i Great Shipwreck S=>W J±J-L\l Hi.
| Evening Prices .....'....... ........ .....23c and 800
Family Circle and Ga11ery...... .........10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CANNON, THE "P GUN,"
IS STILL AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
MIRTH AND FUN ALL OVER
— "— THE GROUNDS!
Great. Show, in the Free Theater.
SINKING OF THE MAINE AND BATTLE OF
MANILA.
Don't Fall to See the MOVING  WAR
PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater^ Children, sc.
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. .. SOLDIERS FREE.
ni-VIVIDTA I c «fner of Mison «nl ;;
• UL, i lVlf 1H | Eddy StfO{v
GREATEST NEW ' BILL' OF THE SEASON.
- TOM RYAN, "The Mad Musician" ; MUR-
RAY & REYNOLDS, Change Artists; . BAR-
NEY REYNOLDS. LA ROYCE SISTERS,
MAUD - ROCKWELL, LA MONT and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. .- Admision Free.
Matinee To-day. : .
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
\ Eighth and Harrison Streets. -.:
"^ PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUB.
. ' CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
" TO-DAY AT 2:lf. P. M.
ATHLETICS VS. FRESNO.
' ADMISSION, 26c; ; LADIES, FREES. :
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Eleven Failures last week.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Futures lower.
Barley dull and weaker.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay steady. Feedstufts unchanged.
Pe.ins about the same.
Good English demand for Canned Fruits.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables generally firm.
Butter firm and Eggs higher.
Cheese as before.
Peaches scarce and still higher.
Plums and Apricots firm.
Dried Fruits nominal.
No change in Provisions.
Wool. Hop* and Hides unchanged.
Meats steady.
Bank Clearings show the usual gain.
MONEY IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
ports the amounts of money on hand at the
close of June as follows:
Gold coin $104.775.254
Gold bullion 98,049.765
Silver dollars 404.736.731
Small dollars 12.097.651
Silver bullion 98.195.494
Total sper . 1717.8 M.955 i
United States notes 60.108,687;
Treasury r, Lea of IS9O 2,541.700
Gold certificates 1..W.510 1
Silver certificates 7.897,424 I
Currency certificates 560,000
National Hank notes 4,770.474
Minor coin, etc l,3OO.2«l i
Deports in National Banks 18,796,631
Miscellaneous 37,^26 ,
Total 1835.466.568 |
At the close of June, 1597. the money In these 1
vaults amounted to J571.359.359. Of this amount 1
$698.570.5T'.< was in specie. Including }152. 529,575 '
in gold coin and $25,547,082 in gold bullion. The j
silver bullion on hand is over 16,300,000 less
than it was a year ago.
CROPS AND STOCKS OF WHEAT.
B^oomhall's Corn Trade News of June 21
contains an elaborate review of the grain trade
of the world. The crop and reserve August 1,
this year is estimated at 332,000,000 quarters,
against 239.0C0.000 in 1597. and 328,000,000 In 1896. j
The estimated quantity in sight June 21 was
000,000 quarters more than last year, 4,000,000
quarters more than in IS!"".. 13.000,000 quarters
less than in 1895 and 29,000,000 less than the |
record season of 1594.
The world's crop of wheat Is given as fol
lows:
Year. Quarters. ,
189S 315.000.000
1897 278,000 000
Isil6 298,000.000
1896 308.000,000
1 V 4 3 20 . 1 . iLIOOi L IOO
1593 314,000,000
PUBLIC CASH AND DEBT.
The following Is a statement of the public
debt an.l of the cash in the Treasury of the
United States at tho close of business June
3". received from Secretary Gage: Interest bear-
Ing debt, |547,387,470; debt on which Interest
has ceased since maturity. 11,262,680 26; debt
bearing no interest. $:(M, 112.912 04; certiflcntes
and Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
of ca*h in the Treasury. $588,788,938; aggregate
of debt, 11,796.581,996 90. Compared wltV the
statement Issued May 31, the figures show v
decrease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to $11,000. and a decrease in the ag
gregate debt of $7!>C,J72 00. The cash In the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
t202.825.M8 56: silver. 1516.029,906 06: paper. $77.
477,975 88; bonds, minor coin, fractional cur
rency, etc., $40,138,317 74; aggregate, 8835,466,-
C 67 74. The cash balance in the Treasury May
31 was 1196,764,315 03. and on June 30. $2') r >.6.'>7.-
E7>i 7>j, showing an increase during the month
• ! ■ 1 7:5 73.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin c«rtificates in circula
tion June 30 were as follows:
1597. IS9S.
Gold $37.HW.519 H5.850.68S
Sliver RBSM.3BB 590.1 •
Treasury 8.906.M7 55. 665.580
Total $478,527,484 $52;.. 145.299
There was $G2,570 taken out of circulation last
month. I hiring th» twelve months ending on
June 10, 1898, ther» was an increase of $32,222,
712 Ir. silver certificates and J14,760,353 in treas
ury notes.
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
The Brodstreet Mercantile Agency reports 11
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories as compared with 20 for the previous
week and 15 lor the corresponding week of
1897. The failures for the past week are di
vided among the trades as follows: 1 varie
ties, 1 groceries and liquors, 1 hotel, 1 clothing.
1 restaurant and saloon. 1 produce, 1 winery,
1 bazaar, 1 luel company. 2 grocers.
CANNED FRUIT IN ENGLAND.
California fruits continue scarce on the spot,
but are freely inquired for, and prices are j
firm, says the London Grocers Gazette of June |
2> r '. For forward delivery the demand is dis
tinctly good. In spite of the fact that high
prices are required.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 9, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California:
Eureka, EC: Fresno, 96; Los Angeles. 7S; Red
Bluff, B0; Independence, 92; San Diego, 70; Sac
ramento, 7S; San Luis Oblspo, 70; Yuma, 104.
Baa Francisco temperature— Maximum, 62;
minimum, 62; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
There have been no marked pressure changes
In the region west «f the Rocky Mountains. A
6light fall In temperature has occurred In the
Interior valley of California. Occasional
showers and thunder storms have occurred to
day In Eastern Oregon and cloudy weather is
reported from Arizona. Elsewhere the weather
has remnlnM fair.
Forecasts maoe at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 10, 1S98:
Northern California— Generally fair Sunday; ■
coder In the southeast portion; fresh south-
West win.!.
Southern California— Generally fair Sunday;
fresh westerly wind.
Nevada—Partly cloudy Sunday; ' probably
cooler.
Utah and Arizona— Partly cloudy; cooler Sun
day.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy
Sunday; brisk southwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 24 miles per hour- !
temperature, 50; maximum, 55.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official. I
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 9.-The bullish sentiment
on the Stock Exchange was unmistakable to
day and carried prices aggressively upward
during the two hours' session, routing the
bears and defeating their rather feeble efforts
to work a reaction. Some professional traders
•were skeptical about the character of the buy-
Ing of the last two days, regarding It as a
maneuver to attract outside buying to realize
on, and they attempted to check the advanc
ing tendency by renewing yesterday's attack
on the coalers. This group of stocks proved
easy victims on account of th» demoralized
condition of the anthracite industry owing to
the Increasing competition of gas an fuel and
the extreme cheapness Sf bituminous coal. The
losses ranged from 1% to 2%. This drive against
the coalers did. In fact, unsettle the market
and Induced some profit-taking on the two
days' advance. But the character of the buy
ing at the decline , made.it evident that the
stocks absorbed during the last two days had
been taken for something more than a frac
tional turn in price. The check to the ad
vance brought only small offerings, which
were easily absorbed, and the market was
soon moving upwards again under the in
fluence of the persistent and urgent demand
for the Vanderbilts. The buying of New York
Central was most conspicuous, > though' the
movement in the price was not as pronounced
as In some of the allied roads. Buying else
where In the pit was less urgent, though It
was good, part of it evidently being covering
of short contracts put out' earlier In the day
The bank statement was regarded as favorable
and helped on the advance. Some effort was
necessary to sustain prices 'to the close In
the face of a one-point break In Sugar but the
close generally was firm at the top prices net
gains ranging fro/nf ro/n a fraction to 3 per cent
The bond market was fairly strong United
States new 4s (coupon) advanced IV4 the old
4s (coupon) %; the old 4s (registered) U in the
bid price. .
Total sales of ' stocks to-day, 129 200 shares
Including 4825 Burlington, 5780 Illinois Central'
6095 Manhattan, 10,855 Reading preferred 35R5
New Jersey Central, 10.110 New York Central'
8966 Rock Island. 9597 St. Paul. 3792 Union
Pacific preferred, 3877 Tobacco, 3885 People's
Gas, 9760 Sutar. v *
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% St P & Om 82U
Do rrefd 34 Do prefd r,2
Baltimore & Ohio U% Pt P M & M rat
Canada Pacific .. 83«4 So Pacific l<.it
Canada Southern. MtfclSo Railway gi,
Central Pacific .. 13H I Do prefd 31
Ches & Ohio 234 Texas &. Pacific. 12H
Chi & Alton 160 L'nlon Pac prefd. 60 7 i
Chi B & Q 107H U P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 66H Wabash 7
C C C & St L.... 43V»| Do prefd 19
Do prefd 86% Wheel & L E \%
Del & Hudson.... 106% l Do prefd 8
Del L & W 156 1 Express Companies —
Pen &- R G 12 Adams Ex 99
Do prefd 51Vi I American Ex .... 127
Brie (new) 13" s ! United tSates .... 40
Do Ist prefd 35% j Wells Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor prefd.... 128% A Cot Oil 21
Hocking Valley... s** Do prefd 74
Illinois Central .. ion's Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. u\* Do prefd 361*
I>o prefd 701s Am Tobacco 122**
Lake Shore IS9V* Do nrefd 125
Louis & Nash 54% People's Gas l'>ol4
Manhattan L 105% Cons Gas 200
Met St Ry 159 Com "'able Co 170
Mich Central 10<i»* Col F & Iron 2114
Minn & St L Kit Dp prefd 90
Do Ist prefd 89 Gen Electric 40
Mo Pacific 35\ Illinois Steel 57V4
Mobile & 0hi0... Ktt Larlede Gas M>\
Mo X & T HVg Lead 84%
Do prefd 34"j> Do prefd 107
Chi Ir.d & L 9<v* Nat Lin Oil 1614
Do prefd 30 F J aeiflc Mall ?9
N J Central 90V* I'ullman Palace... 210
N V Central 1191* Silver Certificates 58%
N V Chi & Pt L. 14H Stand R & T 0
Do Ist nrefd 67 Sugar IMVt
Do 2d prefd.... 84% Do prefd 113 1 *
Nor West 14 JT C & Imp ""'*
No Amer Co 6% O B Leather. 74
No Pacific 2i« 7 n Do prefd 66^
DO prefd 70Vi 0 S Rubber WA
Ontario & W IS Do prefd 91*
Or R & Nay 49 West Union 93%
Or Short Line.... 28 Chi & N W 12* 7*7 *
Plttsburg 170 Do prefd 17114
Reading UVilSt L & S W 5
Do Ist prefd.... 42-% ' Do prefd "H
Rock Island 97V R O W Wi
St Louis & S F.. 714 ! I>o prefd 66%
Do let prefd.... 61\ Chi G W H\i
Do 2.1 prefd.... 29M, Haw Com Co 24 >•*
5t Paul 100>4 Brooklyn R T i-'N
Do prefd 149 1 Union Pacific ... 24V*
CLOSING BONDS.
I V T Central lsts. 115% |N J C 5s 112
0 S new 4s reg.. 124 V N Carolina 65..... 125
Do coup 125 Vi i Do 4s 101'
V S 4s 110% No Puc ls.ts 115
Do coup 111% Do 3s 63Vi
Do 2ds 95 Do 48 9S
V S Ss re* 112*4 N V C & S L 4s. 105%
Do 6a coup 112% (Nor & \V 6s 122H
District 3.65b .... 116 N'orthwstrn cons. 142%
! Ala class A 107H I Do deb 5s 118
Do B 100 [O Nay Ists 11l
Do C 90 0 Nay 4s 96^4
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line Cs tr.... 126
Atrhlson 4s 94 M, O S Line 5s tr.... 104
Do adj 4s 69% (Pacific 6s of 95.. lOlVi
Can So 2ds 109 Reading 4s 83
Chi Term 48 t>6 ! H G W lsts 89
C & Ohio 6.«. ..'... IHVSt L & I M C ss. 97
C H & D 4^8.... 104% St L & S F G 6s. Jl7
D & It G lsts 10 ) ?t P Con 143
D & It G 4s 92Mr St V C & P lsts. 117^
East Term lsts.. 10*4 Do 5 115
Erie Gen 4s. 7.1»4 So Railway 05.... 93%
FW & D lsts tr. 75 Stand It & T Cs.. 70
Gen Elec ps 103 Term new set 35.. 91 I*.1 *.
G II & S A 65.... 105 Tex iPLO lsts. 106
I Do 2ds 102 Do Re 2ds 40%
H & T C 58 1104 Union Pacific .... 96%
Do con r.s 11l VP D & G lsts. 85V4
Inwa C lsti= 101% Wab Ist .'s 110
La new cons 45.. 101 Do 2ds S6 a i
L& N Uni 45.... SS W Shore 4s lOSVi
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 71
M X & T 2ds (14 Do deferred ... 04
Do 4s MINING* STOCKS.
MINING STOCKS.
1 Chollar OS Ontario 2 69
; Crown Point 01 Ophlr 10
Con Cal & Va... 14 Plymouth ......... 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 00
Gould & Curry... ■ 05 Do i>refd 200
Hale tic Nnrrross. SSiSlerra Nevada ... 35
. Homestake 47 0"! Standard 1 55
Iron Silver 72 Union Con 11
; Mexican OS ] Yellow Jacket ... 03
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westingh Elec . : . 24
, Call, loans 2^3 Do prefd sZ\i
Time loans 2>4@4 Atchison prefd .. 33Ts
Stocks— Hoston L 67Vi
Atchison 13% E E 111 165
Am SuKar 132^ Gen Elec prefd... 95
: Do prefd 113' i Bonds-
I Bay State Gas... 1% Atchison 4s 92%
Bell Telephone .. 274 Mining Shares
i Boston & Albany. 223 Allouez M Co <%
Boston & Me 162% Atlantic 2 - >
C P. & Q 107 Boston & Mont.. 2'V3j
I Fitchburg 98% Butte & Boston... 24%
Gen Electric 40 '.-alumet & Hecla. 570
Illinois Steel i.iii Centennial 15
, Hex Central 11\ Franklin 12%
N V & N Eng.... 95 Osceola 47
; Old Colony 194 Quincy 115 !
jOr Short Line 2S Tamarack 155
Rubber 26% Wolverine 22%
Union Pacific 24 Parrott 22*4
West End 86 Did I>omlnlon .... 23 ;
i Do prefd M 5
ASSOCIATED RANKS 1 STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. July 9.-The New York Flnan- I
cler says: A notable decrease In surplus re- j
serves In the feature of the statement of the I
New York banks for the week ending July 9.
I Operations with the treasury pending the award
' of the new loan and th«> settlement of July divi
dends are responsible In large part for the
heavy changes In the various Items. The In
crease of J12.651.500 In loans can be traced dl- j
■ rectly to several Institutions which are carry- I
j Ing Government money— ln fact, the expansion
' reported by the National City, the Hanover |
National and the Chase Nntlonnl equals the |
total gain reported for all the Institutions. Th.'
fact that the increase is thus limited to a tew
j banks precludes the idea that general business :
'■ demands have Influenced the heavy loan ;
I growth, although one of the hanks responsible i
! for these changes has actually lost In cash i
! the full amount If Its loans, the sum being '
; within ll.r^W.OOn of the total loss of 56.C63.90) in
i cash reported by all the banks. The deposits !
of the same banks has also fallen, so that the
loans In Its case Fc»m to h:ive I een made In
cash and withdrawn from the bank. Incidents
like there tend to confuse accurate analysis, .
: but the general trend of the statement Is about
a? expected. The hoavy collections of cherks
, given for small subscriptions are causing a
; loss to the banks In treasury operations. On
the other hand, the treasury i» making un- !
usually heavy payments en war account, but
Its receipts for the reason named are In excess I
Of disbursements. The effect 1b to reduce the
surplus of the local banks end thatis what
the statement shows. The loss has been greater !
than expected, for the banks have gained ■
I through the Interior movement. The flow of ;
cash to New York, however, has passed its
maximum and domestic exchange has declined :
sharply at Interior centers. The situation can
! only be described as favorable. The surplus
i reserves of the banks are In excess of $ri2,<V)o.ooo, !
{ and while the award of the new loan this week
i will create mere or less confusion nothing more
! than a temporary disturbance is anticipated,
i The fact that not much over one-fourth of the
1 whole amount has been taken In $"00 bonds or '
| under, makes It ensy for the treasury to rejju- j
late the period of raymenta for larger sub- I
, BCrlptiona, in Installments so separated as to
minimize the effect on the money market.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 9.— FLOUR — Receipts,
| 9235 barrels; exports, 2240; sales, 4000 barrels.
1 Quiet, but steadily held.
"WHEAT— Receipts. 22.200 bushels; exports,
150.256. Spot 'steady; No. 2 red. 91c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened easier and were sold
down on the Michigan State reports of favor
able spring wheat news, but finally rallied on
a scare of shorts and closed unchanged to itc
lower. No 2 red July, , 84*4. closed 84% c; Sep
tember, 73%<g73%c, closed 73 7 ..,{;Vc"
HOPS— DuII; State, common to choice, IS9S
crop, 3<g4c; 1896 crop, 6®7c; 1897 crop, 12613 c;
Pacific Coast 1595 crop, 3®4c; 1896 crop, 6@7c;
1597 err,]), Wtnc.
WOOL— Fleece, 17621 c; Texas, 13g-15c.
PIG I RON— Quiet; Southern, 39 75<511; North
ern, $10®ll 50.
COPPER-Qulet; brokers'. $$11 31.
LEA Firm; brokers 1 . $3 80.
TlN— Platen firm market easy.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 10 points lower. Sales, 7750 bags,
Including November, $5 75. Spot coffee—
dull and nominal: No. 7 Invoice, 6Mic; No. 7
Jobbing. 6%c; mild. Inactive; Cordova, BV>ffilsc.
SUGAR— Raw. dull but steady; fair refining,
3'4C; centrifugal, 96 tent, 4V4c; refined, steady;
mold A, 5 5-lCc; standard, s'4c; confectioners'
A, SV4c; cut loaf, 57(»c;5 7 (»c; crushed. 5%c; powdered,
53tc; rranulated, 6%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4946 packages. Market
firm; Western crcamerj'. 13 1 >4'gl7c; Elglns, 16V4®
17e: factory, Il<jn2%c.
Receipts 44C0 packages. Firm- "West
ern. 12H@13c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 9.— California Dried Fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, B#c; choice, B%@9V4c; fancy,
BVic-
PRUNES— 4 <?Se.
APRICOTS— 8H@10c; Moorpark, 10®
12c t
PEACHES— Unpeeled. Cigßc; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 3.— Fine weather for har
: vesting and the threshing s'irted wheat weak.
j The Michigan State crnp report gave the pros-
I pcctive yield at 4.000,000 bushels more of wheat
! than raised by that State lust year. The Gov
: ernment weekly crop bulletin for South Da
, kota said a decided Improvement In condition
j of wheat had occurred since the preceding re
j port and the harvest promised to be from ten
j days to two weeks earlier than usual. Thresh
j In* was reported to be quite general through
j out the winter wheat country and the pros
| pect was for a much more general movement of
I the crop to market within the next ten days
• This, together with the slackness of specula
; tlon, caused liquidation and short selling. Later
' there was a recovery in September on higher
; later Liverpool cable*, which started the early
! short Mllen covering. But the fact that free
! shipments of new wheat were predicted for the
near future and a generally bearish sentiment,
which could not be shaken off, caused the price
j to decline once more near the eMse. July ruled
stronger than the other months on the good
price that was paid for the cash article. July
I cloned unchanged and September lost H'fr'Sc
Lower cables, Improved weather and crop
i reports, liquidation of longs and lack of for
eign demand caused an easier feeling in corn
July declined %r.
Fluctuations in oats were narrow. July left
off unchanged.
An oversupDly of hogs and lower prices at
the yards caused a concession In provisions.
There was a fair cash demand and shipments
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
of meat were liberal. Pork rested 7V4c lower,
lar.l lost 2V405C and ribs closed unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 78V4 7814 7714 7714
September 69 69V4 68% 68V4
I December 68"6 69 6SIJ, 68V*
Corn No. 2—
July 32H 324 32 82
September 32% 53% 32% 32%
December 3314 3314 324 32! i
Oats No. 2—
July 22% 23 22% 22%
September 2014 2014 2014 201*
May 23M, 23Vfe 23 23V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 7714 9 7714 9 7714 9 7714
September 9 SO 9 95 9 90 9 921*
Lard, per 100 !t>s —
September 5 47^. 550 545 550
October r. 5214 5 5214 550 5 52Vi
Short Ribs, per 100 tt>s—
September 5 50 5 55 5 50 5 55
October 555 5 5714 555 5 5714
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour. Irregular; winter patents, $4 10@4 25;
straights in sacks. $3 50(g'3 75; special spring
patents, $4 75iff5; bakers', $3(§3 25; No. 2 spring
wheat, 75@80c; No. 3 spring wheat. 75(5 S4c;
No. 2 red, 75c; No. 2 corn, 32! 4 'f 3214 c; No. i
oats, 231« c; No. 2 white, 2614 c; No. 3 white,
2:1*41': No. 2 rye, 45Hc; No. 2 barley, 31@35c;
No. 1 fluxseed, $1 (14>4: prime timothy seed,
f2 55: mess pork per bbl. $9 BCf9 S5; lard per
100 lbs. $5 37%0G 40; short ribs sides (loose),
$5 40fi5 60: dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 62">i
fn4 87%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 85@6 05;
sugar, cut loaf, 6.02 c: granulated, 5.52 c.
Articles— Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 4,100 6 000
Wheat, bushels 2,100 13,000
Corn, bushels 249.000 611,700
i Oats, bushels ..; 194,000 124,'>0C
I Rye, bushels • 700
I Barley, bushels 7,500 .......
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 12016 c; dairy
ll(glSc. Egg* firm; fresh, lOHc. Cheese dull;
creams, 7@SV*c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 23,100 24 940
lJuluth 2.538 94.652
Milwaukee 20.800 2,600
Chicago 2.100 13.620
Toledo 2.210 5,200
St. Louis 25,000 10.000
Detroit 2,000 3.081
Kansas City 18,500 \ 10,500
Totals 96,243 - 164.623
Tidewater—
Boston 015
New York 22.200 160.235
Philadelphia 995
Baltimore
New Orleans ..'.*.".'.".
Galveston 4,500 ' ...*.'.°.'.°
Totals .123,715 151,250
, PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 5410 45 90
Closing-
Flour—
Opening 24 80 21 25 1
Closing I
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
„ July. Sept. Dec. j
Opening 5 11% 5 9% !
Closing 6 8%
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 9.— CATTLE— The demand
for Cattle to-day was good and prices about
unchanged. Choice steers, |3<gs 35; medium, 1
?4 .V,;; 4 75; beef steers, $4{?4 60; stockers and \
feeders, $3 25(& 1 4 75; bulls. $3<g4 20; cows and
heifers. $3 15@4; canners, $2 50®3 10? calves,
$3 0007; Western steers, $4 MO6 15; Texas |
steers, $3 75©4 65. . *
HOGS— Buyers operated quite freely in Hogs !
at a reduction of fully Jr. Fair to choice, i
$3 90<{i4 021,; packers. $3 75@3 90; butchers. *3 80 '■
©3 95; mixed. $3 7533 95; light, $3 8508 92^.
SHEEP— Steady under light offerings with
prices unchanged. Spring lambs, $3 7506 15;
native Sheep, $4^4 7*,; old ewes, $2 6093 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 700; Hogs, 26,000; Sheep, i
1500.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, MOO. Market s@loc lower;
bulk of sales. $3 70<&3 90; heavies, $3 80(53 95;
packers. $3 1008 90; mixed. $3 SO® 3 90; lights,
n 60®S 7.".; Yorkers. $3 (>o<g s 70; pigs, $3@3 50.
SHEEP— No market.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July ».— CATTLE— Receipts. 1400.
Market firm; native beef steers. $4 KXgi 9.">;
Wi'stern steers. $4'(i4 66; ••■>ws and heifers. $3 SO
-.4 4ii; stockera and feeders, t'i 75<y4 80.
HOGS— Receipts, S',oo. Market 10c lower;
heavy. J3 75Q3 58; mixed. $3 7MY3 SO; light. $3 72
fci3 Mi; bulk of sales, $3 75^3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, %3 80<S4 SO; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 70ig4 40; common. $3 25<34 50;
lambs, $4 50<&6.
DENVER. July 9— CATTLE— 1100.
Market firm, Beef steers. $4'cf4 70; cows, $3®
4 10; feeders, freight paid to river. $4<g4 60;
Mockers, freight paid to river, 1404 60, bulls,
stags, etc.. 12 50&3 M.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market a shade lower,
firm. Heavy. $3 IBM S2H: light packers, $3 70
©3 75; mixed. $3 SO* 3 82»».
SHEEP— Receipts, &00. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3<ii4 50. ■■■■■■- ':.;*:■
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 9.— There was an excellent
attendance at the wool auction sales to-day.
A miscellaneous catalogue was offered and sales
were at firm figures. New South Wales greasy
was In demand and was taken largely by the
Continent at full prices. Fine Geelong sold at
high rates and a few lots were taken by Amer
ican purchasers. Fine cross-breds In good con
dition were the subject of Increased competi
tion at hardening value. The offerings num
bered 13,050 bales. Following are the »ules in
detail: ' :*-'
New South Wales, 4500 bales; scoured, 9d@
is ;;vi; greasy, sVi4j 10V;d.
Queensland, 1800 bales; scoured. Is 4%d@
Is ;iVI; greasy, «»;igied.
Victoria, 2300 bales; scoured, 7d@ls; greasy,
6 'id ft I" 3%d.
West Australia, 400 bales; scoured, ll@H%d;
greasy, 6<fa»V)id.
Tasmania, 1500 bales; scoured, ; greasy,
4%<glld.
Mew Zealand, 2.100 bales; scoured. 6%d@ls 3d;
greasy, 1 6@10d.
Net week's offerings amount to 73.000 bales.
The arrivals tor the fifth series total 76,569
bales, including 17,000 forwarded direct.
The Imports during the week were: New
South Wales 960 bales; Melbourne, 254; South
Australia, 169; New Zealand. 6675; Cape of
Good Hope and Natal, 3074; Havre, 1298; else
where, US.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 9. —Consols, 111%; Silver,
27Vfed; French Rentes, 103f 20c.
LIVERPOOL, July 9.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 43s 6d; cargoes off
coast, firm for white, dull for red; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Liverpool Wheat,
No. 1 California, 7s 2d@7s 3d: Wheat In Paris,
steady; Flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s 9d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s
BV4d. ■
— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s lV4d; futures, quiet; July, 3s l%d; Septem
ber, 3s 2v4d; October, 3s 3%d. » ■ .
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 9s 9d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, dull, 2(g4d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 9.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, !>%c.
NEW YORK, July 9.— COTTON— DuII; mid
dling, 6 3-16 c.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, July 9.— The imports .of dry
goods and merchandise at New York for the
week were $6,440,874. Exports of silver for the
week ending to-day aggregated $906,002 silver
bars and coin. The imports of specie this week
were 511,631 In gold and $16,693 silver.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., July 9.— Exchanges, $237,
170; balances, $65,333. ; , . : : ,;' ; "~Z
.NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. » •
PORTLAND, Or., July 9.— Wheat unchanged;
Walla Walla, 60c; valley, 63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July Wheat receipts are
light and prices 1c higher; club, 61c; blue stem,
64C. ,v>;:V,
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 S6V4
Sterling Cables — 4 gs
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — BS%
Mexican Dollars 46 46H
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Ben Dearg takes for Cork 84,
540 ctls, valued at $107,800. The week closed
quietly, with lower prices for futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 25@1 27H; mlll'nr
fl Ss@l 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 25%; 2000, Jl 2SH; 10,000, Jl 28U
Second session — December— 6000 ctls, $1 27%
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctls
Jl 28:' 2000. Jl 2SM.: 4000. Jl 28H
BARLEY—The market is dull and weak
Feed, Jl 15® 1 20; I3rewing, Jl 25<gu 85.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue dull and unchanged.
Fancy feed, Jl 35®1 40 per ctl ; rood to choice,
$1 30@l 35; common, $1 25@1 27H; Surprise
$1 32'4@1 40: gray. $1 25@1 32V4; milling, II 3214
©>1 "7Vi per ctl.
CORN — Previous quotations rule, with a dull
market. -■ < 1 -'-<.<
Small round yellow. $1 25<3 1 1 30; Eastern large
yellow. $1 05tfn 07V4: white. $1 02%@l 05; mixed.
$1 O2'»«l 06 per ctl.
RYE— tl 2ncol 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI "s@l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5@5 10; bakers' ex
tras. $4 75(^4 S5 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
| Flour, $.'! 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
j Rice Flour. $7; Oornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 E0; Hominy, $3 2n(S3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
4i4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), J5 85@6 25; In sacks. $5 65<g>6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were still more liberal,
though very moderate for this time of the
year. The market was steady and unchanged.
BRAN-sl4 50015 50 per tor.
MIDDLINGS-J20Q22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J?5'3?6 per ton •
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31((l>31 50; jobbing
$32'«32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal. $28^30 per ton; Cornmeal. $23!&1 > 3 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(524 50
K-^i v , HAT --' VVheat - *' 18 po^ l9 tOT choice and
J ''l' R J01"J 01 " lower grades; Wheat and Oat. *17@
$18 60; Oat. $17618; Wild Oat. $16@17; Barley
— : Island Bailey. $14<a16; Alfalfa, 112 50@13;
Clover, $13@14 60 per ton.
STRAW— 6C@9oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers continue to quote the same prices for
Beans, with rather more Inquiry.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 90®2 95: Small Whites, $1 80
©1 90; Large Whites. $1 75@1 SO; Pinks, $2 60®
2 75; Reds, $2 75W2 85; Blackeye, $3@3 25; But
ters, $1 Sn<g2; Limns. $2 So@2 90; Pea SI Solic
ited Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per ctl. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. *4 BIWJS per ctl-
Yellow Mustard. 14 6006; Flax. J2^2 Or.; Canary
Seed. 211 ®2»*o per lb: "Alfalfa. 3fi6c; Rape. 2y t @
2%c; Hemp. 2**ffi3c; Timothy, 6<&514c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75(3'2; Green, $2^2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Squash, Tomatoes aim <. ueumbers are higher.
Corn drags. Potatoes and Onions are un
changed.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 50@60c in sacks
and 50@75c in boxes for Early Rose, and 50@70c
in sacks and 50c@$l In boxes for Burbanks.
en?,* 1 °' 'S— New, 20© 35c per sack for red and
SOfoSOc per' ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES- |1 25®2 25 per
box; Green Peas, lH@2V4c per Ib; String Beans,
2"bw3%c per 1b; Summer Squash. 35@40c per
box; Bay Squash. $1 25@1 50; Green Peppers, 50
<Bise for Chile and 75c#$l 25 for Bell; Dried
Peppers, 5(&6c; Cabbage. 50c per ctl; Carrots.
30®50c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 23@30c;
Bay Cucumbers, Wc@sl2s; Vacaville Tomatoes,
6n C fasl; Los Angeles. $l'ii'l 50 per box; River
Tomatoes, *2i?i2 50; Green Corn, 25c<g'$l 25 per
sack for Vacaville, $l<gi 50 per crate for Ala
rm-da and 7fi<jJssc for Berkeley: Garlic. 2{?3c per
rt>: Green Okra, B©lo c; Egg Plant. s@7c per It).
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced. rav.\ 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, EOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is well cleaned up and In good
shape. A car of Eastern is due to-morrow.
POULTRY— Uve Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and 10tfl2c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17@
ISc; Geese, per pair, 7r>c®Jl; Goslings. 73c<gll;
Ducks, $2 50ff .". for old and $2 50ff?5 for young;
Hens, $3 f."'-i4 B0; Roosters, youn^, $6@7 50;
Roosters, old. $4@4 50; Fryerß. $sfrS; Broilers.
J4@4 60 for large, $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 ZO^al 75 per dozen for young and $I®l 25
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is firm at the advance. Cheese Is
unchanged. Eggs are higher, though store are
dull.
BUTTER—
f'reamery— Fancy creameries. 20<g21c; sec
onds, 190.
I 'airy— Choice to fancy, H'JfWc; common
grades, loiflCc.
Eastern Hutter— L.adle packed. 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new. 8c; old. 7@
7Hc; Croam Cheddar. 10®llc; Young America,
v G ■ Eastern. I2<ffi.ic.
EtiGS— Ranch Eggs, 15(ii17 1 -sc per dozen; store
Hkkp, ll'./?lk; Eastern, 12^®15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRuS FRUITS.
Cantaloupes from Marysvllle sold at 15c
apiece.
Peaches continue stiff. There were not
enough good ones In to go around yesterday
und buyers were eapor. Apricots and~Plums
were firm at the good prices. Figs also did
better. Berries showed no particular change.
Citrus fruits are steady at unchanged quo
tations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 CO 1 !} 3 per chest for large and
1604 for small.
Black Cherries, KMOo; Royal Annes, 2D@4Oc;
loose Cherries, 2%'iJ3c for Royal Anne.
Figs, 25©40 c per box for single and SOcifrJl for
double layer*.
Red Nectarines, $I@l 25; White Nectarines.
73c<H'$l 23 per box.
Fbntalnebleau Grapes from Vacaville were
green, but brought $1 per crate: Seedless
White Grapes from Yuma, $1 23 per crate;
Black Grapes, $1 80. • >, r
H!ackt>.-rrieK. «2'<i3 per chest.
Currants. $10ri'3 per chest.
Plums. 50(& 7F><* per crate j.nd 2'>'i)7sc per box.
' Apricots. .*'i("(iil per box and TBoOSI per crate
! and 14'Vijt'iii per ton In bulk.
Peaches, 50c<3$l per box, $1|J?11 | J?1 25 per basket.
Raspberries, $3 no©6 per chest.
New Apples, 40Q30c per small and We'!? sl 25
per lance box.
Bartlett Pears. $I©l 25 per box for good
i stock. Windfalls, nominal.
CITRUS FRUlTS— l.avel Oranges. $1 505f2 50:
Pe<vllinsrs. r,oeW«i ■ Lemons, $1 25<52 for com
mon and $2 COM for Rood to choice: Mexi
| can Limes, IMnj Bananas, $1 2502 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3#4 -cr dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is a steady undercurrent, though trade
.Is dull. Peaches and Apricots are bringing
such fine prices fresh that growers will hardly
j feel inclined to dry this year, and this gives
j additional strength to the market.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
r>c for 40-MVs. 4'4(?i^Hc for 50-60" *, 3}ifT4c for
60-To"s, SM@3He for 70-80' 2%<?T3c for 80-90" 2%,
<ff2v<,c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3®sc; fancy. 6%©>
6c; peeled, 10<312V4c; new Apricots, S(JT9c for
Royals; old Apricots, 5®6%c for Royals and
7igßc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7Hf?Sc; sun-dried. 4i'«*sc: Black
Figs, in sacks. 2'??2Hc; Plums, 4%@4%c for
pitted and HifflVj.- for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sUc; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears. 2%@4%c for quarters and 3@sVtc
for halves, according: to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2W2%c for two-crown. 2%ff3c for
three-crown, 3V»(g3%c for four-crown, 4\c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2^c for Seedless Muscatels
ami $1© 1 IS for London layers; dried Grapes,
2Hc .
NUTS— Walnuts. 3W40 for hardshell. 4®«c for
noftshell; Almonds, 3<Jl4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, B'/4<ft9c for paper-shell- Peanuts, 4®
DHc for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%<f?Bc; Filberts. 9Vt®loc; Brazil Nuts.
S(R9c per Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 60®3 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for -lower grades: water-white extracted. G&@
6c: light amber extracted, 4%®5 1 ,4 c per Ib.
BEESWAX— per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per . Ib or
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
j Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10>*@llc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9V4@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
I Pork, f9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear.
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
It). •
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at Cc per In
for compound nnd 8c for pure; palls, B%c:
California . tierces, 6Hc ' per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels. 7%c; 10-tt) tins,
8c; 5-tt> tins. SV4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb. palls. 60 In a case. 9V4c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails. 12 In a
case. B%c; 10-tb palls. 6 In a case. B%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
1 tbs net, B%c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
'< barrels, about 110 lbs, "!%c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW, "WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lOVic; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9Hc; Stags. 6%c; salted Kip, 909140 ;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and
I brands. 12@12Hc: dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry
I Calf. 18c: Goatskins. 27V4@30c; medium, 50c;
winter. 10c; Sheepskins ■ shearlings, 15©25 c each
: short wool. 30@40c each; medium, 60@SOc; long
i wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horsehldes. salt. $2@2 50
for large and $I@2 for small; Colts. 60c: Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts.
: 50c. • - :- , ■ ■ -.- . . ,
• ■ TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@3\c per Ib;
>>"• 2. t%QBe: reHned. 4M,-94%c; Grease. 2c.
I WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain 7©loc
i free Northern, 9©l2c. Soring o.Ud— Southern
I Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
j Southern, 7 months . 8@10c; Foothill f and
1 Northern, free, 12@14c; do. defective, 10@12c;
1 Middle county. 13®16c; Humboldt and Mendo
i clno. 15@l«c; Nevada. 10(314c; Eastern Oregon,
10Jfl2c: Valley Oregon. lo®l7o.
HOPS— I3a7 crop. 9@l2^c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, sc; Wool Bags,
nominal; San Quentln, $4 85. :
i COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant,; $6; Coos ; Bay, *5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. : $10 25 in | bulk I t.nd $1150 in
Backs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ; $14 ; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs .-nd Castle Gate,
$7 CO; Coke. Jl2 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6<£c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dr Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. b%c: Magnolia A. s'^c; Extra C,
5%c; Golden C, sVic; California A, 5%c per lb;
half-barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all descriptions Is steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers nre as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
ss4©6c; third quality, 4%@sttc per It).
YEAL — Large, 4<&se; small, 6@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, TViiiSc; Ewes, 7@7^c
per n>.
LAMB— Spring. SffS^c per It).
PORK— Live Hoks. 41-'iisc4 1 -'iisc for large, u^n^c
for medium and 4>4<ijt'|i£c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3Vic; dressed Hogs, 7<gße.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, July 9.
Flour, qr sks ... 4.400 Wool, bales 793
Wheat, ctls 4,010 Pelts, bdls 345
Barley, ctls 1,110 Hides, no 678 '
Cheese, ctls 31 Eggs, doz 14,910 i
Butter, ctls 258 Quicksilver, fisk. 23 :
Potatoes, sks ... 5.2 m Le.-Uher, rolls ... 99 :
Onions, sks 736 Lumber, ft 15,000 |
Bran, sks 455 Wine, gain 23,450 i
Middlings, sks .. 183 Raisins, hxs 76
Hay. tons 591 Chicory, bbls .... 52
Straw, tons 3S Sugar, bbls 130
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6161.'.
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400 1
THE STOCK MAKKiST.
Mining- stocks closed the week dull and gen- !
erally lower. The new stamp law lessens the '
aggregate transactions by practically stopping
wash sales. The past week has been about the i
dullest In the history of the business. Two !
duys were holidays and the uncertainty re
garding the operation of the stamp law checked !
trading on two others.
Business in local securities was good for Sat
urday. Hana Sugar Plantation was firmer and
Spring Valley Water rather weaker. The other
stocks were about the same.
The Union Con. delinquent sale takes place
to-morrow.
The First National Bank will pay a semi
annual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per
annum to-morrow.
A telegram from the Con. Cal. & Va. mine
reported that ID tons of ore, averaging by as-
Bay $43 45 per ton, were extracted last week.
The Horseshoe Bar Consolidated Mining Com- ;
pany of Placer and El Dorado counties has !
levied an assessment of 10c per share, delin
quent August 11.
The annual meeting of the Best & Belcher
Mining Company will be held to-morrow.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 25c to
morrow.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared its eighteenth dividend at j
the rate of Oc per share, payable Immediately. !
The Pacific Gafl Improvement Company will I
pay a regular monthly dividend of 50c to
morrow.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
monthly dividend of EOc to-morrow.
The Vindicator Mining Company will pay a
dividend of $50,7f,0 on the 11th inst.
The June report of the Alaska-Mexican mine .
shows 13.U83 tons ore worked and 234 tons sul
phurets treated, the latter yielding $9077. The
bullion produced for the month was J20.297.
The ore averaged $2 3S. In addition to its own :
bullion the company made a shipment of over j
$5000 from the Alaska-Juneau mine.
STOCK AND BOND KXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 9—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Dld.Ask.
U S Tonds — iOakland Gas.. 30 oO'/s
Is quar coup..Uo%»lll%|I > ac Gas Imp.. 85 —
4a quar reg...HOV4UIV 4 Pac 1* Co — 49%
Is quar new. . .m^U&Vs ! f> F Q & E... — S5V*
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 3 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6b 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 9S Firem's Fund.lSs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98V- Hank Stocks—
E L & P 6a..128V4 — Aiißlo-Cal .... 55 $3
F Afc ("1 Ry 65. 113 114 Hank of Ca1. .245 250
Cieary-st X ss. — 100 Cal SI) & T.. 9« 98
BCtS 5H5..1G0 jo;, p lrst Nnt 2024 —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 127V* —
Do tcntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st Cs..i23V. — ;Nev Nut 8....156 165
]>o Ist M 55..114Vs — I Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97<4'Ger S & L..1540 1600
NCNG Ry 7s. — — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 108 — I.Mutual Say. — 42H
N Ry Cal 55. .102 102% 8 F Say U.. 475 —
NPC R R ss. 100 — !■? & L. 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 5b 100 — Security SR. 250 —
Do Xd Is as.. — 110 Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6p 123% — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California ....105 108
P & C.I Ry Cs.loo 104 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — |Market-st .... 53 53%
Reno WL&L...100 — Presidio 6>4 "hi
Fao E!t»<'Ry;".s.lOo — | Powder—
S F & N P 55. 106 107 iCallf.irnla ....120 160
BierraßCal bs. — 103 |E Dynamite... So —
BPof Ar 65.. — 104Vi:Glant Con Co. 48 48%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 iVlgorlt 3% 34
SPC 1b CR 55.. 94 — I Miscellaneous—
S P :t 6s 113 — lAI Pac Assn.. 93H 94
S V Wat 65... 117 117^ !3er Ld Wka..Ho —
S V Wat 45. ..102 — lHana P Co 15 —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 24H 24%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 51 SlVfc
Contra Costa.. 30 54 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln t:o 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 97% 98H Oceanic S Co. 36<4 5S
Gas .. Electric— Pac A F L.... l*i 2Vi
Cent Gaslißht.los — Pac Rot C 0....100. ...100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morninir Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 624
210 do do 24 50
90 Spring Valley Water 98 75
20 do do 98 50
ICO do do s 30 98 23
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
60 do ' do 15 23
10 Giant Powder Con 48 50
$8000 Market -Ft Ry Con Bonds 55..'. 114 25
M Uutchinson S P Co 51 2.=.
160 Oakland Gas 60 00
Street—
15 Alaska Packers' Association 93 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlnc Session.
60 Market-street Railway 53 62V4
$2000 Pprlng Valley Water (is 117 00
15 Spring Valley Water 98 75
15 Alaska Packers" Association 94 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
100 Occidental 60 1 100 Yellow Jacket... 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.. 16 200 Mexican 10
200 IS 100 Ophlr 18
200 Gould & Curry.. 08 200 Sierra Nevada.. 43
600 Justice 05 200 44
1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 9-10:80 a. ni.
BldAsk.i BldAsk.
Alpha — 03 Justice 03 06
Alta — 05 Kentuck — 03
Andes — 06 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 08 10
nest & Belcher 12 14 Occidental 59 61
Bullion — 05 Ophtr 16 17
Caledonia 15 17 Overman 03 05
Chollar 16 18 Potosl 03 04
Challenge Con. 10 12 Savage 12 14
Confidence 18 It Seg Belcher ... 05 06
Con Cal & Va. 17 18 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 43 46
Crown Point .. 04 06 Silver" Hill — 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 165
Exchequer :; — 03 Union Con 15 ■16
Gould & Curry. 05 08 Utah 01 03
Hale & Norcrs. 40 — Yellow Jacket. 10 11
Julia — 02
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
M
T.
\V.
T.
F.
Alpha .'
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Caledonia
Challenge .'•
Chollar
Con. Cal. & Va
Confidence "..
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr :.. •
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Sep. Belcher
Standard ■
Sierra Nevada ...;
Union ••••
Utah.
Yellow Jacket .:........
....
....
....
....
....
I....
....;
....
....
|....
....
!••••
........ .....
........ 3....
6.... 4....
121 12
14 12 11| 12
16 16 15 15
11 11 11 10
6 .... 16 16
21 17 19 17
.... i< 26 18
3 4 3 4
9 9 8 E
60 40 48 40
6 5 5 3
15 13 11 S
20 18 15 16
3 5 6 3
55 55 65 60
5 4 3 3
14 13 10 12
.... 5.... 5
il 50 1 50
51 50 41 43
18 15 ! 14 15
2 II.... 1
11 12 12 11
11
....
....
....
I....
....
....
....
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $11,881.
891, against $10,775,718 for the same week In
1897.
BFAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles F. MacDermott and Julia A. Wheeler
(by 13. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on SW corner of
Twenty-first and Noe streets. W 106, S life E 50,
S 114. E 55. N 228, 61.253; $5319.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to John
E. Buckley, lot on SE line of Fark lane north.
212 SW of Second street. SW 22 by SE 98; $2750.
Helen R. Casey (guardian of the estate of
Mary Casey, insane) (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner 1 ) to Hlbernlft Saving and Ixian Society,
lot on SE line of Bryant street. 170 NE of
Fourth, NE 20 by SE SO, i.9,395; $2847.
Arthur C. and Margaretha Drewltz to Arthur
Kanzee, lot on NW corner of Clement street
and Third avenue, W 30 by N 100; $1000.
John J. Regll to Josephine Regll. lot on SW
line of Croke street, 100 N'W of Telegraph road
; (Mission). NW 250 by SW 100, lots «1, 63, 65, 67
1 and 69, Academy Tract; also lots 76, 74 and \V
half of lot 72, block 4, same; also W half of
; lot 123. same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Josephine Regll to John J. Regli, lot on SE
| corner of Alemany and Croke streets. E 52:9, S
i 100. W 69:0. N 101, lots 77 and 78, block 4,
Academy Tract; also lot on S line of Croke
street, 350 W of Telegraph road. W 150 by S
100, lots 71, 73 and 76. block 4. same; also lots
6S, 70 and half of 72. lands adjoining lot 70,
block 4, same: also E half of lot 123. same, be
ing nearest Mission street, quitclaim deed; $1.
Alameda County.
Charles J. Borgeson to Clara A. Borgeson,
lot on NW corner of Taylnr and Willow streets,
N 35 by W 106, Work 701, Oakland; gift.
Charles J. Burnett to John G. Ryan, lot on
N line of Campbell avenue or Thirtieth street,
129:9 W of West strtm. W 3.'. by N 140. being
lot 3. block 2033-E. Henry subdivision block E,
Whitcher, Rr.xkhurst and Roland Tracts; also
lot 16, block 2025, Whitcher Tract, Map 2. Oak
land; ?2aO(i.
Nellie V. and Robert G. Bryant to Emma
E. Bryant, lot on SE line of T°nth avenue.
159 SW of East Eleventh street. SE 150 by SW
25, East Oakland; $10.
Emma E. Bryant to F. W. Fry, same. East
Oakland: $10.
W. Frank Pierce to Mary Harris (wife of
Frank L.). lot on N line of Park avenue, 133
W of Hollis street. N 125 by W 30. being por
tion plat fi. Raneho V. and D. Peralta, Oak
land Township; $10.
A. L. and Abble C. Payne to Charlotte K.
Clark, lot fi7. Hock Island Tract, quitclaim
deed, Oakland Annex: $50.
George H. and Rosa E. Mayhew to W. D.
anil Addle G. Macdonald. lot on S line of First
avenue, 370 E of Summer street, E 50 by S
100. being portion Locksley Square Tract, Oak
land Annex; $10.
Margaret Norris to David R. Norris, lot on
S line of Wnrd street, 120 E of McGee, E 120
by S 135, being lot 4, block 4, lands of State
University Homestead Association No. 3,
Berkeley: gift.
Mary F. Marston to William C. Ralston, lot
on E line of Fruitvale avenue, 50 N of Pleas
ant street, N 227:6 by E 363, Brooklyn Town
ship; $4000.
Daniel B. Hinckley to same, lot on NE cor
ner of Fruitvale avenue and Pleasant street,
N *0, E 363, S f.1. 20, W 363 to beginning, TSSTng
lots 1 and 2, block E. corrected map of subdi
vided Mocks D and E, Champion Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
Louis Hoeckele (owner) with Anderson &
Grelg contractors, architect, Julius E. Krafft.
Carpenter work, excavations, brick and artl
! flcial stone work, tin and galvanized Iron work.
plastering, glass, etc., for a two-story and
: basement frame building on S line of Page
; street, 177:3% "W of Baker, W 25 by S 137:6,
■ Western Addition 598; $330<i.
A. W. Wallace (owner) with W. A. Hicks
■ contractor and architect. Brick and carpenter
• work, plumbing, plasterine, painting, tinting
' for a two-story frame build. ng with unfinished
; basement and attic on N line of Liberty street,
! 225 E of Church, E 25 by N 114; $1955.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
ALASKA.
Notice Is hereby given that the following
changes were made in the buoyage in Alas-
I kan waters, which affect the list of beacons
| and buoys, Pacific Coast, 1897:
Tongass Narrows, page 75— California Rock
i Buoy, a red and black horizontally striped sec
; ond-class nun, heretofore reported adrift, has
' been replaced on its station.
: Saginaw Channel, page 7S— Favorite Reef
Buoy No. 2, a red fSrst-claes nun, heretofore
reported ndrift, has been replaced on its sta
; tion.
Lynn Canal, page 78— Poundstone Rock Buoy,
a red and black horizontally striped Becond
dasa can, heretofore reported adrift, has been
replaced on its station.
Vanderbllt Reef Buoy, rase 79, a red and
black horizontally striped first-class nun here
j tofore reported adrift, has been replaced on its
■ station
Chlleoot Inlet, page 79— Katsehin River Flats
. Huuy No. 2, a red second-clans Ice buoy was
established June 21 in 72 feet of water, to
mark the western channel edge of the flats of
i the mouth of the Katsehin River. Battery
! point W. % N.. extreme point of north head
t of Katsehin River NNE. •% E.. extreme west
enr edge of NE. point of Flat Bay SE. »t» t S.
1 In approaching from the southward this buoy
; should not be brought to bear to the northward
I of NW. by W., when within one mile of it.
; In approaching from the northward it should
I not be brought to bear to the southward of
SE., when within one mile of it, as shoal
■ ridges radiate from the flats.
Indian Rook Buoy, a red and black horizon
; tally striped second-class nun. was established
June 21 about BO yards SE. of Indian Rock in
.39 feet of water to mark the rock. Battery
Point (extreme end) SE. H E., Tananl Point
(east of Tananl village) SW. by W. n \\\.
Taiyl Shanka Peninsula (extreme east edge)
NNW. 4 W.
Neva Straits, page Sl— Whltestone Narrows
| Buoy No. 2, a red second-class spar, herc-to
; fore reported adrift, has been replaced by a
; second-class nun buoy of the same color and
I number.
Peril Straits, page W— Rose Island Rock
bpoy No. 5, a black second-class spar buoy,
heretofore reported adrift. ha« been replaced by
a second-class can buoy of the same color and
number.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
JOHN C. MORONG,
Commander. U. S. N.. Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Office of the United Stat»s Lighthouse In
spector, Portland. Or., July 7, IS9S.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). V. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I Homer Newport IJuly 10'
i Burma Nannlmo July 10
, San Mateo |Comox jj u |y jo
' Scotia tHumboldt July 10
l Empire JCoos Bay jj vu [ y 10
Washtenaw [Tacoraa July 10
Orizaba iHumboldt July 11
; Walla Walla. ..(Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Wellington IPeparture Bay ijuly 11
i Fulton [Portland .ijuly 11
| San Jose |Panama July 11
\ Santa Rosa San Diego July 12
j State California ;Portland July 12
I Titanla !Nanaimo iJuly 12
j Arrata [Coos Bay Ijuly 13
1 Curacao [Mexico jjuly 13
Willamette ISeattle (july 13
j Coos Bay I Newport July 14
i Chllkat HumboliU IJuly 14
i Nlngchow Departure Bay Ijuly 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City July v
Ruth Tillamook Bay !julv 14
! Oaelic China and Japan ijuly 15
; Leelanaw jSt. Michael IJuly 15
J; mati J la Victoria & Puget SoundlJulv ie
Columbia IPortland IJuly 16
Pomona IRan Diegro "' j July If,
North Fork IHumboldt ""'July S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
feteamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Columbia .. Portland July 10. 10 am Pier* 12
Pomona .... San Dlpjfo July 10. 11 am Pier 11
Queen Vie & P K t Sd. July 10. 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat ....IHumholdt ....'July 10. 9 amlPlef lj I
Santa Cruz. (Douglas Islndj July 11. 4 nmiPler 9i
Homer [Newport July 12. 9 ampler 11 |
Al.impda ...Sydney July 13. 2 pmipier 7
Orizaba ...iHumboldt .. .. July 13. 10 amPler 9
North i< rkiHumboldt ....|July 13, 9 am|Pler 2 !
banta Rosa; San Diego.... I July 14. 11 am Pier 11 I
State of Cal'Portlanrt ljuly w, 10 am Pier 12
Pulton .....Oregon Ports.', July 14. S amPler 20
Cleveland ..Alaska ljuly 15
Walla WalljVic & PP XtK t Sd.ijuly is) 10am Pler"o
Arfata Gmn Bay |July 16. 10 ami Pier 13
Coos Ray... Newport, Ijuly 16. 9 ampler li
City Itlo J-IChlna&JapaniJuly 16, 1 nmiPMS 1 ?
Curarao ...'.Mexico 'July IS. 10 am Pier
Snn J..5P... Panama |July 18, 12 m|PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
"UN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geod tic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
\\aters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point •
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sunday, July 10.
Sun rises 4-55
Sun sets ..:' "" 7^4
Moon-rises-,.......:....:..... ■....- .., \ .'.ii^j'p. m.
4:42 3.9
6:10 3.6
, XV
1:02 1.1
2:05! 0.6!
2:371 0.21
3:3!>l —0.2!
4:17, — 0.4|
10:
11:'
I
S:
11:56
1.6
9:l
10:
11:'
11 :■
11
a w
6:40
7:27
8:12
5:54
5.4
5.4
5.5
3.
4.
1:
2:
3:1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when then* Are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
grlven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey . charts, exept
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the he's it,
and then the number given Is subtracted fr m
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low watr -s.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., J- *-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, J ily
9, 189 S.
The time ball on the tower nf the new Wt or
building was dropped at exactly noon to-<J»Y—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or a. •
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). V. S. N., In char*-.
MIIPPIMi INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 2.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen, 16 hours from i ort
Bragg. Bound south. Put in to land pasts'n
gers. '
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 hours from *:u-
Ship Occidental, Bennett. 8 days from iv at-
Schr John G North, Christiansen, 21 day* 'rm
Honolpu. "'■'•" _■•■■•)'
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 3 days torn
Bihler's Point. : •
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from 80-vens
Landing. - : . :-.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, 5 days irom
Nehalem.
Schr Thomas F Bayard. Anderson. 186 -lays
from Philadelphia, via Valparaiso 70 days.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 9.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. *
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Go.^all.
Perkins & Co. -,-<■-.-■ , ... „
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell. La LlUertad
and way ports: P M S S Co. £•
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J ?inet
& Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, Jul> 9.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfieth. Crescent City.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brtdgett, Ventura. : . .
Stmr Cleone, Miller. Albion.
Stmr Mackinaw. LittleflcM, Tacoma. • '
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell. San Jo- do
Guatemala.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, San Pedro.
' Ship Luclle, Anderson, Seattle.
Br ship Ben Deary. Peattie, Queenstown.
Schr Albion. Goodmanson.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti.
Schr Laura May, Hansen. Everett.
Schr Excelsior. Burmeister, Port Blak-.er.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 9—lo p. m.— "Westher,
foggy; wind, S\V; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Oltra loads mdse for Kahului.
The Harry Morse loads coal at Seattle for
this port.
The Mildred loads fertilizer at Klllisnno for
Kahulul.
The R D Rice loads coal at Comox lor this
port, $250.
The Wawona loads lumber at Seattle for
Kahului.
MEMORANDUM.
Per North Fork— Passed redstack tui? 'boat
Rescue hence July 7 for Portland 5 rrlies off
Shelter Cove, 5 p. m., July 8.
SPOKEN. 'i&'Mi
June 7— Lat 29 S. long 49 W, ship -> rles E
Moodr from Philadelphia, for San Frai. isco.
• June 4— Lat 48 N, long 26 W. Ger ship H Bis
choff from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Per John G North— June 29— Lat 40 15 %*. long
146 10 W, Br ship Eulomene, from castle,
N '•', for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 9— Schr Lavra Pike
hence June IS.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 9— S« h Eliza
Miller, for San Francisco.
SK.xTTLE— Arrived July 9— Schr Vega, from
Port Townaend.
Sailed July !»— Stmr Farallon, for Dyea,
I'OINT ARENA— Sailed July 9— Stmr Whifs
boro. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 9— Schr Occidental,
hpnoe Juno 25.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 9— Srhr Chaa
R Wilson, for San 41 ancisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 9— Br'.g Court
ney Ford, from Sltka.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 9— Stmr Arcata,
hence July 7.
NEWPORT— SaiIed July 9— Schr Mary E
Rush. Ut Kureka.
SuTTH BEND— Arrived July 9— Bark Aureola
hence June 26.
Sailed July 9 — Schr Emma Utter, for San
Franrisr"
TATOOSH— Passed Juh- '—Stmr "Walla Walla
from Victoria, for °in Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 9— Bktn Jane L Stan
ford hence June 2"..
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 9— Br bark r-ort Car
lisle, for .
, Arrived July 9— Br ship Garnet H 11, from
Kobe.
bi REKA— Artved July 9— Schr Hal -yon, frm
! Newport.
WALDTORT- Arrived July 3— Schr Amethyst,
hence July 19.
NEWPORT— Arrive 1 July 9— Stmr Laguna,
PORT 'TOWNS END— Arrived July 9-Brlg
Courtney Fnrd. from Sitka.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Juiy 9— Stmr tt>Btport,
for .Wwpnrt.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 9— Stir Coquille
River, hence July s.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed July 9— Bark £«• Kins,
for Honolulu.
ANTWERP— SaiIed July S-Br ship Port El
gin, for Tacoma.
CALLAO— Sailed June 14— Br ship Celtic Chief
for Victoria.
SHANGHAI— BaiIed July 7— Br shir Bucking
ham, for Port Angeles.
LICATA— Sailed June 22— Br stmr Lyell, for
Oregon.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed July J— Stmr Marlposa.
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 9— Er stm Athenian
from Skaguay.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
law Steamers leave Broadway
IjMtejfc- wharf. Pan Francisco.
Wjßjgfiß^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i HWwjWHh July 5, 10 15. 20, "'■ 30: August
JS KvrWv*\ 4 - transfer at Seattl
&s§3vXj£4 >.^1 For Alaskan ports (from
iHß«L2<£snn? Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
(^**S^L'ifi\ July 17. August 4, 23. transfer
~*^MM| at Portland. Or.
"** For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' C). Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacorna. Everett.
I Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m., July 5, 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
! July 1, 7, 13. 19. 25, 31. August 6. and every
: sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
! Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
I Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenem*.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 4. S. 12. 11 , 20. 24. 2s.
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Ran I.uls Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo ■ (Los Angeles). H
a. m.. July 2. 6. 10. U. IS. 22. 26. 3', August J.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Ray. Pan .rose del
! Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. anta Rosa-
, lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. lU-. July 17.
| August 14.
For further information obtain f< !(!sr.
The company reserves the right to change
; without previous notice steamers. Pihing dates
! and hours of sailing
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. Sai Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00,
MBPATCB FAST BTBAMEBS TO
p>o:R, f r:Li.A.3srD
From Folsom-street Wharf at 13 v m.
CADE $12 First Class Including BertM
IAIIL $8 Second Class an 1 Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS.
Columbia .......July X 10. 13. 21
State of California July C. 14. 22. 30
I St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
1 Kansas City 28 00 Chicago 27 30
i Omaha 1* 00 New York ....... 31 04
E. C. WARD. Gene ml Agent.
630 Market at.
i GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compapie Generate Transatlantic!!!.
Freneti Lin* to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), 42 North j^r^^-
River, font of Morton st. Travelers <srfSTK
by this line avoid both transit by ■*■« 4 ■*•-'»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160-
second fit us. $116. ' '
LA NORMANDIE July 16 10 a m
...JuryVl'otS:
la BoußGoolEV.\v:v.v;.v.v; JJ A vu U g \l I £•
LA N0RMAND1E........ Aug 13 10 £ m'
For further particulars apply to m *
C TiQuW^Agent? ENERALE TR ANSATLAN-
' _ ,- rT J'\ 0 ,i,? Bowling Green, New York
aye.. F SagF^ I clstj°- Ag * nts ' 6 Montgomery
■ j«ljU™ - ' w Auckland for Sydney
f^lSIIISIt? 2P. m SClay> JUly 13 ' at
|« &Jriili% ! '. ai '': .Vlll.. V111 . Honolulu and
Lib for Sydney
■^^-jT^ j July 13. at
rl&SllIp^ nn n ™ 'to COCLGAR-
Wr* /Xmmnii L ■ Australia, and
W(llß3Uti*^ A r E TOWN. South
* ~ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market '. st.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcfcllo."! >
Man. Tues . Wed., Thurs. and 5at....:....'
9:45 », m . J;l5 p . m ,g:3O, g:30 p m eJL tj,,,,^,
I™A " ......I p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....;. 10 :S0 a. m. and Bp. i*.
Landing- and Officer— Mission Dock..Pt«r 1
Telephone Red 2211.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
THE VERY GOOD BOY
WITH VERY BAD FITS
By MRS. H. S. J. BRECK.
((T T THAT a lovely boy Tommy
\A / stiles is! " That is what
1/1/ his uncle and aunt said,
y 1/ and he was— sometimes.
* * His sister Sadie hit the
mark squarely when she
said "Tom would be the best boy in
the world If he didn't have fits"— not
that kind when the doctor, and hot
water and nasty medicine are neces
sary, but the kind almost as bad for
hl'h 1 ' family to bear; fits of bad temper.
Sometimes he got out the wrong side
of the bed, and then his fit lasted all
day long; sometimes he couldn't have
just what he wanted the very minute
he wanted it and then his fit came on
suddenly, like a flash of lightning.
Slam-bang! went the doors; over went
the chairs, and the first thing near at
hand was apt to fly through the air at
Sadie, because she laughed. I never
felt very sorry for her even when she
got hit and cried. I consider it mean
for any girl to laugh at a boy in a fit
All the rest of the time Tommy was
lovely, kind and generous and merry
About a hundred yards in front of his
house was a river, the waters of
which were forever hurrying on and
on; and they seemed to say when Tom
with bare feet and trousers rolled up to
his knees, would wade and splash
about. -How I would like to stop and
play with you, little boy, but you can't
think how much work I have to do nor
what a long journey lies before me "
Down by this river there grew a
huge old elm tree which "kept its feet
assess! aH the tlme '" > T °™?v
said, which meant that some of the
when the water was warm and shal-
LITTLE SANTA CRUZ MAID.
THE little maid of Santa Cruz is dancing on the sand.
The sky is fair; the water smooth; the air is soft and bland.
Not ten years old. this little elf, yet she my heart has won,
Her eyes of blue, like lofty lakes, reflecting only sun!
Slight is her figure as a nymph's. She dances like a fay;
Not gladder seem the sunlit waves than she, in artless play.
The water now she enters in; her laugh rings far and wide;
The loveliest one she is of all who frolic with the tide.
But, hark! She shrieks! Her little heart will burst with sudden woe!
Oh, wicked crab! How could you dare to bite her wee pink toe?
low. the children loved to play; and
when tired of sailing boats or catching
minnows, they climbed up the steps cut
In its hollow trunk to a wonderful nest
they had built among the branches and
listened to the hum-hum of the saw
mill on the opposite side of the river, or
watched the men up above the dam
guide the logs into the mill race.
One time, early in spring, Mr. and
Mrs. Stiles were called away from
home. Tommy had a bad cold.
"Nellie," said the mother when she
kissed the children good by, take good
care of Tom, don't let him get sick,
and. Tommy, boy, see that you mind
Bister."
Of course they both promised. We
shall see what happened.
The very night the father and mother
left a warm rain set in. The snow
melted rapidly, and in four days the
river was booming. All sorts of
things wpnt floating down the stream.
A few more tonches of rise and the
banks would be overflowed — the flood
would be upon them. Toward night
Tom came rushing into the house.
"Nellie*" he cried, "I am going down
to the dug-road. They pay the mill
dam has broken and all the logs are
going pell-mell. It's great."
"But you can't go, Tom. It's too
late and cold. It's almost dark."
That very minute Tom had a fit.
"I will go; I will go. Mother would
let me. It's mean to make me stay.
I will go," he shrieked
"Then I shall tell your father."
SOME OF THE STRANGE
THE Bumpkins have Rone to the
far Philippines,
'Mid the dusky natives you'll find
'em.
Their crazy skyrocket
Broke off at the sprocket.
And left their poor old cow behind 'em:
But the old cow will get to them, later
or soon,
For a cow once, you know, jumped over
the moon.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
Tom was beside himself. He kicked
and plunged about in a way dreadful
to see. "I wish I was dead. I do. I do.
I hate everybody," he cried.
"Me, too, Tommy Littlemouse?"
laughed Sadie, who unfortunately came
into the room that Instant.
"Most of all!" screamed the little
boy as he rushed out of doors.
Pive, ten, fifteen minutes — a whole
half-hour passed and Tom did not come
in. They called and called, but there
was no answer. It grew dark. They
searched the house, the barn, the
grounds.
The other boys came back from the
dug-road. He had not gone there. No
neighbor had seen him, and all the
time the water was rising higher and
higher; the o. inous roar filled the
whole valley; lanterns went bobbing
about in all directions, people who lived
very near the river were removing
their household goods to upper stories,
driving their livestock upon the hills
and even gbing themselves.
Poor Nellie and Sadie, with the old
nurse and Jim, the hired man, were
afraid of the coming flood, too, and did
what they could to prepare for it: but
they dared not leave the house, lest the
lost boy should come back and find a
deserted home. I think their grief and
anxiety for Tom was far greater than
their fear of the flood. What a terribio
night it was! And, to make matters
worse, the river d^m broke and all
those pent-up waters came rushing,
surging, tearing down the valley as if
they meant to sweep everything away.
All the poorly built houses and barns
tumbled down and floated off. The
Stiles house had a foundation in the
rock and didn't budge an inch, but the
water came almost to the second story.
Can you imagine what anguish Nellie
and Sadie felt? And how it seemed to
them that the morning would never,
never come?
But come it did, and dreadful was
the desolation it showed. Where was
Tom? No, indeed, he was not drowned!
Do you remember the nest in the elm
tree? There was where he went when
he ran out of the house. He meant to
stay until he thoroughly frightened his
sisters and made them sorry for bSng
so mean to him. He didn't intend to
stay quite so long as he did. Poor lit
tle Tom! He will never forget that
night if he lives fifty years. > '
-
THE GIANTJVND THE PIGS.
BY CARL R. JOHNSTON, Visalia.
Once there was an old mother pig
and she lived in a farmyard, and there
were only three little pigs in the farm-
PERSONS AND PLEASURES
THEY'LL hunt neath the shade of
the bulli-boo tree
With the natives — who have bows
and arrows,
Where reigns King Tow-
Loo-Gum,
In whose funny king-dom
Mosquitoes are larger than sparrows!
And they'll shoot at the funniest things
there alive
That have tails, so they tell me, as many
as five.
yard. They lived there, and one little
pigr was a bad one. He was named
Browney. He wanted to roll In the
mud all the time, and his mother told
him he'd be sorry some day that he did
not mind her.
But he'd find the biggest mud puddle
in the farmyard and roll in It and get
as dirty as the puddle itself. He'd get
some water in his eyes and come
squealing to his mother, and his mother
•would just let him alone. Then he'd
go to the dairymaid and she'd wash
him off. Then he came back to his
mother and was happy again. But his
THE SAX. FRANCISCO CALL, STJNDAT, JtJLT 10, 1898.
mother used to soold him.
One day the mother pig said: "I'll
have to go to town to-day and leave
you about a month." She asked them
what kind of a house they'd like.
Browney said he'd like a log house. So
his mother built him a log house with
a chimney in it and a table and a box
of cabbage and a mud puddle to roll in
and a chair.
Then she asked Whitey what kind of
a house he wanted. He said a board
house. So he got a house with an iron
stove in it and a table, two chairs and
a big box of cabbage. Both of these
pigs liked cabbage. There was a win
dow and a door, of course.
The name of the last pig was Black
ey. He said he wanted a three-story
brick house to keep boarders in. There
were seven rooms in it. There was a
table in the dining room and seven
chairs. He had knives, forks and
spoons, a stove and a fireplace. His
mother had left seven little pigs when
she went to town, and he had to stay
and take care of them; they were to
be his boarders. He was to take care
of them till his mother came back.
There was a table, a chair and a bed
in every room. He had a table and a
stove and everything that a kitchen
needs. He had a great big box full of
meat and things to eat, and he cooked
eggs and things for his boarders.
His mother goes to market now. She
was sold to another farmer.
Now there was a giant near that
town who lived way up in the moun
tains. And he had his cave there. When
the giant heard about those three pigs
he came down and got Browney's
house, with Browney in it. He took
the house with Browney in It and
threw it down into his cave.
Then he came and got Whitey.
Then he came down to get Blnckey's
house, but the giant was not as tall as
the house. He knocked at the door
and Blackey said: "I know w T ho you
are. You're the ugly giant who stole
my brothers." This made the giant
mad. He saw a window and thought
he could «ret into it. He went home and
came back, but Blackey had a big pot
of boiling hot water. The giant was
sure to get Blackey, too.
So he climbed in the window and
tumbled into the pot of boiling water
and scalded himself. Piggy put him
on the stove to cook. Then piggy took
a long rope and pulled up the houses of
his two brothers from the giant's cave,
put them on wheels and rolled them
back to where they were before.
Then he invited them to dinner to eat
the giant up. There were the ten all
together, and they lived happily till
their mother came back.
LITTLE PETE'S TROUBLE.
BY B. EVELYN STOUT.
Pete was a little negro boy, about
11 years old. He lived with his "mam
my." But he had neither brother nor
sister to play with, so he did not have
as nice a time as some other boys of
his age. Some of the boys shunned
his company. One day there was to
be a picnic and Pete wished to go very
much. Mammy had just one nickel
to spare, and Pete was delighted. While
THE BUMPKINS EXPECT
OH, fun it will be, ere the mon
goose awake
To catch snakes a half mile long —
truly!
And carve them with sabers.
As part of their labors —
And the Bumpkins will do that act
coolly.
Those droll monster serpents who live
in the wood,
Who, until they are shortened, will
never be good!
he was standing by a candy stand he
saw some peppermint sticks and he
bought some at once. Pete was a
good hearted little fallow, so he of
fered to divide it with two or three
boys who were standing against a
tree, but they refused to touch it. Pete
walked away.
"Say," said Sam Jones, "I've got
some money and I'll treat." He reached
in his pocket for the money, but it was
gone. "I'll bet it was that .fete who
stole It," said Sam, angrily, and the
other boys agreed.
After that the boys would not look at
Pete, and when Pete learned the rea
son he was very much insulted and
declared that his "mammy nebber
•lowed him to steal."
One day Sam was standing under the
very tree that had sheltered him the
day of the picnic. He saw something
shining at his feet. He stooped and
picked it up and found it to be a two
bit piece. He knew at once that it
was the one he had supposed Pete had
stolen. Sam was very much ashamed
of himself, and told the other boys
about it. And by and by Pete found
a place among his schoolmates again.
THE VERY BAD BOY
WHO ONCE RAN AWAY
By MRS. W. F. PERRY.
ALLEN TALCOT was a bad boy,
or if he was not, circumstances
were a; ainst him.
While playing in the street his
ball flew straight into Deacon
Tucker's window, breaking It into
pieces.
His father said "if he did that trick
again, he'd tan him well!"
HERE IS A QUEER LETTER FROM THE SKYROCKETED BUMPKINS.
He had stepred on his sister's thim
ble, crushing it fiat, and she said "he
never came within a r ile of anything
without destroying it."
He fell down on a ston.- pavement,
striking upon his knees and cutting a
big rent in a brand-new pair of pants.
It hurt him, too, but his mother said
TO ENCOUNTER IN PHIL-
AND each Bumpkin will learn there
the boomerang to throw.
The boomerang surprising and
stinging,
While' King Tow-Loo slum
bers
To musical numbers
Of the Bumpkins' gay donkey a-sing
ing,
"Ooh-aak! 000-aak!" What a beauti
ful tune;
Liked best by the funny old man in the
moon!
"that served him right, for being such
a careless boy and causing her so much
trouble in mending up his clothes."
Evidently he was of no account to
any one. He could not carry so much
trouble alone. i he ct -flded it to
Tommy Haleren, the drayman's son.
He found a sympathetic listener, for
Tommy had his woes as well.
"No, sir:" Tc:nmy said, "they don't
want nothin' more to do with yer, no
morn dj my folks with me. My old
man, he walloped me like blazes be
cause he said I'd lost the spade, 'nd
then he found it where he'd throw'd it
down his self."
"Who's your old man?" asked Allen.
"Well, Softy! Don't yer know? It's
dad."
"Oh!" said Allen.
"Thur's only one thing fur us to do,"
asserted Tommy.
"What is that?"
"Let us run away!"
"Where shall we go?" asked Allen.
"O any wher's! Et's better'n stayln'
around where we ain't wanted."
A few days later two boys were
traced to. the Oakland ferry; there their
anxious friends could gain no further
clew to them.
Tommy and Allen hurried through the
crowded streets of San Francisco, with
no idea of where they were going.
"Let's eat," suggested Tommy, draw
ing a silver dollar from his pocket.
"What a lot of money! Where did
you get it?" asked Allen.
"Oh. I nibbed it from my old man!"
"You mean that you stole it from
your father?" asked Allen, looking
grave.
"O, g'lonß— that ant stealn'!— any
how, you ant got no cause ter growl.
You'd git mighty hungry, well ez me,
ef I hadn't took it." So Tommy bought
a bag of crackers.
Allen shrank from eating food pur
chased with stolen money, but he had
launched in Tommy's boat, and there
seemed no other way.
"We've got enough left for supper,"
said Tommy, as they hurried on.
As evening approached they came
trudging out up the beach.
"Jerusalem!" said Tommy, "but I'm
tired, and hungry agin, too. I believe I
could eat a whale,"
H» spread out a soiled and crumpled
pocket handkerchief and placed the
cakes upon it.
Just then a tramp came crawling up
out of the sand.
"Aha— dining on cake!" he said.
"It's been many a day since I've dined
on cake." Snatching up the handker
chief and its contents he crammed
them into his pocket.
"Such fine young men, with so much
cake, ought to have a nickel left to go
with it."
He caught Allen by the arm, but
Tommy dealt him such vigorous kicks
and blows that he dropped Allen and
ran for Tom. Allen started for the
nearest house,- shouting for help, but
the tramp having the longest legs, soon
caught Tommy, took his money from
him and ran away.
"What are we going to do now?"
asked Allen.
"We've got ter find a place ter sleep
IPPINE LAND, REACHED
WHEN Dewey has conquered
the country for sure.
The natives will be Yankee
voters.
There'll be "push" and be "pull"
In that country of wool,
Turkish baths and e-lec-tri-cal motors!
Old Tow-Loo-Qum's wives will each
have a long dress,
And Tow-Loo himself will then run for
Congress!
in,"> answered Tommy. ?%■'?•''
■ The place they found was In an old
discarded sewer box. The bed was not
soft, nor the odors sweet, but Tommy
said: "It was better'n nothing' "
Tommy was soon asleep, but Allen
could not rest. He felt that he was do
ing wrong,; and was haunted by the
distress he knew he ■ was giving his
friends at home. ' ;
As the hours ; passed he heard such
startling, creepy sounds— O," hor
rors! something jumped Into his face!
At the same instant Tommy shrieked,
"O, I'm bit! I'm bit!" v
Then there was a skurrying of many
feet. .•;' . ;'' ' ■ .• '
"It's ! rats!" cried* Tommy. "They'll
eat us!" -. .-.":.■ * 
' The rind of the old moon gave light
enough for them to see the water all
about them.
"The tide's ria," said Tommy, "and
the Lord's goin' ter let us ,be eat and
drownded, 'cause I stole dad's money."
"And because we did wrong- to run
away," said Allen. ,' - ' ','/■
Then the . feet came scampering up
again— whole army of ; them. • ,
Looking back into the dark box, they
could see hundreds !of little gleaming
eye* "/""''; '">,:"' "':'., . - ■: ■■■■;■'■
"O-ouch! Git out! Kick! Stamp!
Tell, Allen, an' help me drive 'em
back.
"Tommy," said Allen, we must
pray!"
"I'm too bad," said Tommy. "It
wouldn't do no good."
"You must ask the Lord to forgive
you."
"I'm agreeable. Drat ye— git out uv
this! Scat! Scat!"
"Well, ask him then," said Allen.
"Lord won't you forgive a feller fur
A TRAGEDY OF THE FOURTH
IT was a dreadful tragedy, dated Fourth of July;
If I can now hold back mv tears, to tell of it I'll try.
I had a lovely Spanish doll; Mercedes was her name.
I couldn't change her name. You see she had that when she came.
But, oh! My dreadful brother said she was a Spanish spy;
And when I wasn't looking he poked powder in her eye:
And then he lit an awful fuse — the other boys were there —
And, with a bang, off came her head. Oh! I must cry, so there!
"She helped blow up the Maine." he said. But with a flag he wound
Her up and with the. Stars and Stripes she's buried in the ground.
He says he'll buy a 'Merican doll; and that I know he'il do.
Why wasn't Mercedes 'Merican born? 800 hoo! boo hoo! boo hoo!
stealin I—jist1 — jist this onct—Shoo! Shoo!
SLoo!
"That's not the way," corrected Al
len. "You must say "
"Git out of that! Bah! Scat!" cried
Tommy, pounding his heels against
the side of the box.
"Say, Allen, yer hed better do the
prayin" an' let me keep off the rats,
elst we won't never git to tell the Lord
what we wants of him."
"Folks must have faith when they
pray. Do you believe. Tommy, that
we shall be saved?"
"Y-e-s, 'specially if I ken keep off
these rats, an' the water don't come
up an' drownd us afore it gits light.
Scat! Shoo! Rub-a-dub-dub! How
de-dow-dow! Git out of this, blast
ye!"
When morning came the water had
touched the box and soon would have
covered it.
The boys clambered out on the top
and saw how near they had been to
death.
"Don't yer think " said Tommy, "that
home is the best place after all?" and
Allen agreed that it was.
They were obliged to beg their way
back, but Allen was received with such
Joy that his old sensitiveness banished,
and even Tommy was surprised that
he never received the "lambastin"
which his parents assured him he de
served.
LITTLE MARY'S
QUEER DREAM.
BY BEATRICE PHILLIPS, San Rafael.
LITTLE MARY lay fast asleep in
her own little room. She dreamed
there was once a potato, who met
with his friend the cabbage on a
vegetable wagon.
"Why, how do you do, Mrs. Cab
bage!" said he. "How are your hus
band and the children?"
"Oh, they are well, thank you," an
swered the Cabbage. "How are your
wife and children?"
"Fine, thank you.
"Have you seen Mrs. Corn to-day 7"
asked the cabbage.
"No, I have not seen her since last
week," said the potato.
"Oh," said Mrs. Cabbage, "I suppose
she is celebrating her birthday."
Suddenly the wagon gave a great
thump.
"Ha! ha! ha!" laughed both Mrs.
Cabbage and Mr. Potato, as some vege
tables came rolling down. The vegeta
ble man now v jnt to a door. He asked
BY THE ROCKET EXPRESS
AND the Granger may sit on a
tikki-wood throne.
And the Bumpkins be dooks all
around him!
Be dooks and be princes.
And grin when he winces
At flea bites that fairly astound him.
They will eat with their fingers and sit
on the floor,
And live in a house that has never a
door!
the lady who came to it what she
wanted this day.
She said that she would like a sack
ot potatoes. And so this potato who
had fallen out was put back into the
sack.
Now the cabbage was alone and the
potato sang: "Good-by, good-by, I send
my love to all." The potatoes were
taken into the house and the wagon
rode on.
By and by the housekeeper was told
to cook one potato. She just happened
to take this very one and put It in a
pan. Then she took a knife and began
to peel It. The potato now began to
feel proud and to talk about how nice
and white he was and how untidy the
other potatoes were.
The cook put the potato into a pot
and poured witer over it. The potato
now thought that it was a very rainy
climate. Soon the water began to boil
and poor Mr. Potato cried out: "Let
me out! Oh, please let me out!
But it was too late now, ar.J the wa
ter boiled on. So you see that was
what he got for being proud and vain.
Again the waron stopped. Again the
man went to a door. The lady said she
would like a nice cabbc c. So Mr?.
Cabbage w^s sold to the lady, who was
very rich. The cook was told to cook
the cabbage, and he at once did as she
was told. The Cabbage began to feel
vain, as the Potato did. For she was
really very handsome; her leaves were
large and very beautiful, her stalk was
strong and sweet. When she was put
under the faucet and into the pot she
also thought it very rainy. She enjoyed
it well enough n the water was cool,
but when it began to boil she thought:
"Alas, if I had not been so vain I would
not have come to this dreadful pain."
But no one cared now, and the water
boiled and boiled. And poor Mrs. Cab
bage died. ! 0 you see it doesn't do to
be proud and i aln. Little Mary felt
very sorry for Mr. Potato and Mrs.
Cabbage, although she knew it was
wrong to be proud and vain. But when
she - yoke she found it was a dream,
and then she was very happy
THE WHINY CAT.
BY ELLA M. SEXTON.
Oh, at our home a dreadful thing
Has lately come to tease us.
It whines and pines, it growls and howls
And seldom tries to please us.
It snarls at Tom, it snaps at Dick,
The house and folks upsetting.
We're tired and nervous all the time
This Whlny-cat is fretting.
'Tis true we have some peace at nighti
But oh, the early morning!
It cries and sighs, it groans and moanr
Both Dell? and coaxing scorning;
Its clothes go on with tears, a drop
At every button spilling.
For strange to say this Whlny-cat
A sailor-suit is filling.
Two legs it has, a "football-bang"
Of curly hair and yellow;
But work it shirks witli squeals, and feels
Abused, the lazy fellow!
Just play it wants, this Whlny-cat—
Its other name? Don't guess it.
For I promised sure and honest not
To whisper or confess it.
Dear grandma says he isn't well.
"Perhaps my slipper' rt cure him,"
Says papa stern, while mamma tries
"U'ith patience to endure him.
For. don't you know— this Whlny-cat
This creature, cross and snarling.
Who whines and pines, who growls and
howls.
Is still his mamma's darling.
THE SOLDIER HAT.
BY JUDITH GUSLEAN.
WHERE is my hat?
Oh, ycu never know wher*
anything is; find it at once.
I don't know where It is.
Well, put on your old hat.
The members of a family were going
to see the soldiers arrive. The speak
ers were Bell Nelson and her mother.
So off they went to the depot. When
they reached the depot. Bell stood in
a corner to mourn the loss of her hat.
But she was aroused by cheering, and
then she saw the "boys in blue."
Bell walked up and down and talked
to the soldiers about war. They all
spoke about "licking the old Span
iards" and "sweeping them off the
earth."
Some gave her buttons, but her most
precious gift was a soldier hat. She
did not wear it, but put it away with
her treasures. She found her other
hat and now is very happy.
THE LETTER BABY WROTE
BY R. W. RIGGS, Fresno.
The letter my baby wrote to me
Is enough to make an angel smile.
It's creased and crossed,
Some words are lost;
It keeps me guessing all the while
The letter my baby wrote to me
I have to spell out half the words.
And the other half
Make me laugh,
For they look tracks of giant birds.
The letter my baby wrote to me
Is very precious, sweet and dear;
I read It through,
Thpn read anew.
And ev'ry time it is more queer.
The letter my baby wrote to m«
I gently kissed and put away
Next to my heart.
With Cupid's dart,
I shall keep forever and a day.
Little four-year-old Harry was not
feeling well and his father suggested
that he might be taking the chicken
pox, then prevalent. Harry went to
bed laughing at the idea, but early next
morning he came downstairs looking
very serious, and said: "You're right,
papa; it Is the chickenpox; I found a
feather in the bed."
IN THEIR SKY VOYAGE.
BUT, if Congressman Tow-Loo
should put them in pot.
And stew them all up for his din
ner!
The cowboy and dude;
The rest — in. a flood \.
Gf soup cooked for an ebony sinner!
No more their proceedings your hourf
would vary;
They'd be picked just as clean as the
last mis-sion-a-ry!
3132
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
[ornlng— "Mistaken Prayers."
"Jesus Christ and War."
Evening—
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dietz
mon by the rector, livening
Instruction and prayer.
— Reli
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
lornlng— Sermon by Dr. Gibson. Evening-
Prayer and song service.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
lorning— Sunday school anniversary exer-
cises. Evening— "Saul's Steps to Ruin."
Bt AgneH Church. Masonic avenue.
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Kirby
t'irning— High mass and sermon by pastor.
Evening— Vespers.
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
well streets.
Father P. J. Cummins
lornlng— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Bt. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
[ornlng— High mass and sermon.
—Vespers.
Evening
St. Brigid's. Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
IMorning — High mass and Sunday school.
j Evening— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany
Croke streets.
Salesian Father*
lorning— High mass and sermon at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — i p. m., vespers, bene-
diction and sermon by Father Casslnl.
Bt. Charles. Twenty-fourth and
streets.
Father Cummlngs
Morning — High mass and sermon on the
Gospel at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers
and benediction.
St. Dominic's. Bush and Steiner streets.
Father J. Pious
High mass and Sunday school.
—Vespers and benediction.
Bt. Francis. Vallejo street and Montgomerj
avenue.
Father Carraher
lornlng— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
—Vespers, benedirim and sermon.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N
Father P. A. Foley
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers and sermon by the pastor.
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers !
Iorln«— Sermon by Rev. Hugh Callaghan.
Evening— Lecture by Rev. Henry Moeller,
S. J., of St. Louis.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father P. R. Lynch
and vespers.
Bt. Joseph' s. Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G
[ornlng— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and benedic-
tion.
St. Mary's Church, California and
streets"
Rev. Father Wyman
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and vespers.
Bt. Patricks, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
(orning— Commencement of forty hours'
devotion. Evening— Sermon and vespers.
Bt. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel and high
mass. Evening— Benediction and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and
streets.
Salesian Fathers
■High mass. Evening— Vespers.
St. Peter' b. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth.
Secular clergy w
[orning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Bt. Rose, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock,
ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
Btar of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue.
Father Coyle
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel and high
mass at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers,
sermon and benediction.
Bt. Teresa's. Tennessee and Butte streets.
Father Browne
Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock.
Vespers and sermon.
Evening-
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marlst Fathers
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock and
sermon in French. Evening— Vespers.
Camp Merrltt. Old Bay District Racetrack.
Catholic Truth Society
Morning— Mil Itary mass at 7:30 o'clock.
Evening— Rosary and benediction at 7:30
o'clock.
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— Sermon by Rev. B. L. Smith.
| Evening— "Christian Baptism."
West Side Christian,
Devisadero.
Bush street,
Rev. W. A. Gardner
lorning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon and Bible instruction.
ethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
by Professor F. Foster.
Bethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth streets.
Vermont and
Rev. W. H. Tubb
["rnlng— "Many Are the Afflictions of the
Righteous." Evening— "The Night Is Far
Spent, the Day Is at Hand."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh a'
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
[orning— "Civic Regeneration." Evening—
Sermon by U. S. Chaplain August
Drahms.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Ni
etr<- ■
Rev. H. T. Shepard " M o r nins-"\V^s of a Good Reputation"
Evening— "Territorial Expansion."
First Congregational,
Ftreets.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams
M ■: nine;— Sermon by Rev XV. W. Ferrier.
i Evening— Same.
Thlr.i c "ngregational. Fifteenth street,
Mission.
Rev. William Rader Morning-Senaon on the subject of prayer
by Rev. M. Mclnneas. Evening— "Civic
, Condition of California."
Plyir.nuth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. F. B. Cherington Morning- "God Superior to Time." Even-
ing— "A Triumphal March."
Rev. r. c. Foute Morning-Communion •ervice. Evening— 8er-
; mon ami song service.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
street.
Rev. J. A. Emery Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Sermon by pastor.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
lorning— Service of Thanksgiving and
prayer, in response to the President's pro-
clamation. Evening— Owing to the lack
Of Illumination facilities there will be no
service.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley
forning— Special services for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and prayer.
Pt. John's. Fifteenth street
avenue.
and
Julian
Rev. E. B. Spauldlng
M.Tning— Special devotions and sermon
Evening — Sermon, song service and
prayer.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrlsh
Morning— Communion service, followed by
sermon and instruction. Evening— Sermon
j by the pastor.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
Mn r n:rfr -Communion service and sermon.
Evening — Sermon and the recital of
1 prayer.
St. Paul's Episcopal. California street.
Steiner.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly
[orning— Sermon and religious Instruction.
Evening— Sermon and song service.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
nn service at 7:30 o'clock,
and prayer.
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer 7 Morning-Communion service.
Sermon by the pastor.
Evening —
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning— "A Tribute of National Thanks-
giving for Victories at Manila and San-
tiago."
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
[ornlng— "The Divine Principle of Enlarge-
ment." Evening— "Elijah and the Poor
\\ idow.
Central Methodist Episcopal
Blon street, between Sixth
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "The Law of Compensations In
Human Life." Evening— "The Blue and
the Gray— A United Nation."
M. E. Church. Powell and
n streets.
Rev. W. 8. Urmy
Morning— Sermon and Bible instruction
Evening — Sermon and the recital of
prayer.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce. I
[orninc— Sermon and prayer by the pastor
Evening— Sermon.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— Sermon by the pastor,
i —"Public Opinion."
Evening
Howard Street M. E.
street, near Third.
Church.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning— "Growth."
Invitation."
Evening— "The Glad
'otrero M.
streets.
E.,
Tennessee and
Rev. D. W. Chilson 7
prayer.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
[ornlng— Owing to the unhealthy surround-
ings caused by Camp Merrttt services will
be held at 41714 Fifth avenue
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
lorning— Sermon by the Rev. W. M Wood-
ward. Evening— Sermon by Rev. O C Mil-
ler, reading of President's Proclamation
and special prayer.
Franklin Street Presbyterian. Franklin
Vallejo streets.
Rev. D. James
•How to Satisfy the Hungry Soul
-"The People's Choice."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
at 11 o'clock.
Jrces and Op-
Evening— "America's Resou
portunlties After the War.'
irst Presbyterian Church. Van Ness
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
■Sermon, religious exercises and
school. Evening— Sermon and in-
struct
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
'— Special sermon by pastor Even-
•Jonathan— Soldier and Friend."
Presbyterian, Harrison street,
Rev. F. A. Doane
Morning— Sabbath school at 9 30 Evening
I Exercises by C. E.. sermon by the pastor.
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak
and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
ing— Sermon and prayer,
■non and Instruction.
Evening —
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-ninth.
Rev. W. E. Dugan 7
Morning— "What Seek
"That Good Light."
Ye?"
Evening-
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-second
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
■Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
mon by the pastor.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
"Is the Second Coming of Christ
■nnial?" Evenlng-"The Bible
dern History, with a Prelude on
ure of Spain."
and
the
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Poik street.
Golden
Rev. M. M. Gibson
lornlng— Service at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by Dr. Olbson.
Evening-
First Unitarian,
streets.
Geary
and
Rev. Dr. Stebblns
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock" re-
ligious services at 11 o'clock.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. J. A. Wells
Ing— Religious exercises and sermon at
o clock.
St. Alban's Church, 102 O'Farrell street.
Rev. E. J. Van Deerlln
Morning — Choral
Evensong.
Eucharist.
Evening-
First Church of Christ, Scientist. 22*
street.
Bible and Science and Health. With Key
to Scriptures.
Science Bible Lessons.
'. M. C. A., Ma*on and Ellis streets.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
p. m.— "The Young Man of the Hour."
Brotherhood. S19 Market street.
Mrs. J. W. Hassfurther
"The Sword of Knowledge."
nlsted Church of Jesus Christ,
street.
C. A. Parkin
Morning-Special sermon and religious ex-
ercises. Evening-Prayer and instruction.
PATRIOTIC JUVENILES.
ty Organize the Old Glory Society
and Give a Red, Whit? and Blue
Entertainment.
le war spirit has taken possession of
reat many of the youngsters of this
and they have in every way mani
ed their patriotism. While many of
n are not old enough to enter the ser
of Uncle Sam they make open dec
itlon of their love of flag and country,
umber of little ones who live on Aub
•trcot, west of Van Ness avenue, hay«
organized themselves into what they call
the Old Glory Society for the purpose of
"keeping alive the spirit of American pa
triotism." The members range in age
rjom 10 to 14. with a few under 10 who are
Classed as honorary members. A few
evenings since they met at 219 Austin
street, which had been decorated with
flags and buntlnp until the place was a
mass of red, white and blue, and there,
for the benefit of parents and friends,
they gave the following programme of
entertainment:
"America," by Emma Camerdins. Rosa
May Elsie Donovan, Pauline Slcke. Bes
sie Rattagan, Edward Schmidt, Tessle
Slcke, Olive Donovan and Norma Dono
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULT 10, 1898.
ing Rosa May; drill by Misses
Then followed songrs and dances by the
little ones named and the entertainment
concluded with patriotic slide pieces
shown by Eddie May. The little ones who
did not take part enjoyed the efforts of
those who did and the little participants
were rewarded with loud applause by the
adults.
TAX ON WINE
IS PROTESTEL
Vleeting- of Saloon anc
Restaurant Keepers.
AN APPEAL TO WASHINGTON
IN ITS PRESENT SHAPE THE
LAW IS INOPERATIVE.
The Rosy Will Be Served in Pitchers
and in Glasses and the Gov
ernment Will Receive
No Tax at All.
No clause In the war revenue stamp bill
has given more trouble or caused more
dissatisfaction than that requiring a one
cent stamp to be placed on every bottle
of wine of not more than a pint and a two
cent stamp on every bottle of more than
a pint. The requirement is specially bur
densome to the managers of French res
taurants where wine is served with din
ner without extra charge. Every time a
bottle is refilled a new stamp must be put
on, and the Special Agent of the Revenue
Department must either trust to the self
sacrificing honesty of the restauranteurs
or keep a force of spies boarding at
every restaurant in the United States, and
a detail of special detectives to take up
their quarters in the saloons.
Neither of these propositions will work
well, and the result will be that Uncle
Sam will not succeed in collecting all of
the tax. Then, again, restaurant and sa
loon men may draw wine from a barrel
and serve it in drinking glasses or pitch
ers and not have to pay any tax at all, so
that no tax whatever will be collected up
on wines, except on champagnes and oth
er high-priced bottled kinds.
The specially annoying and objection
able feature of the law is the trouble it
will cause retailers and others in affixing
the stamps every time a bottle is refilled.
Restaurant men say that it will be bur
densome in cases where the customer
drinks only one glass out of a bottle, for
they will be obliged to pay two cents for
the privilege of replacing the glassful that
has been taken or to empty the remain
ing contents of the bottle into the barrel
to be drawn aeain into the bottle, in
which event the tax must be paid twice
on the same wine, a proceeding not con
templated by Congress when the bill was
enacted into a law.
A large number of restaurant men and
saloon-keepers held a meeting last Friday
night for the purpose of taking steps -to
have the Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue make a ruling to remove the burden
some and unnecessary features of the
act, in so far as it applies to their busi
ness. As a result of the meeting Customs
Broker Youngberg was employed to draft
a petition to the Commissioner at Wash
ington setting forth the reasons why he
should make a ruling thnt will remove the
objectionable operations of the law. The
petition will be ready to-morrow and will
be presented to the parties interested for
signatures.
Charles E. Rowon, of the wine firm of
Wetmore, Bowen Company, a corporation
dealing exclusively in bottled wines, ex
pressea the opinion that the wine tax
should be collected in the same manner
as the beer ta\ and thr whisky tax. name
ly in the winery, as the tax on th<; other
liquors is collected in the brewery, the
distillery and the bonded warehouse. Tf
this were done all complaint would ceaso.
As the act reads now the men who handle
one million gallons of wine prr > - ear and
pell it in barrels are not taxed at all. The
retailers who buy from them and bottle
it must pay the tax and in a very incon
venient way. He oxpressed the opinion
that this feature of the act was unconsti
tutional.
Special Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas
said that wine drawn from a cask and
served in a pitcher or a tumbler was not
taxable under the provisions of the act.
The Writ Came Too Late.
The writ of habeas corpus Issued by
Juri^c Mormw ordering Major Grogan to
surrender Wallace Roy Wing of Hay
wards, who fraudulently enlisted in the
army, was returned yesterday morning-.
Major Gropan says he knows nothing of
the whereabouts of the boy as he wa«
dismissed from the army as soon as it
became known that he was under 18.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• tf + + 4 + l -4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-« |
4- -♦• '
+ "THE CREDIT HOUSE." +
Six Stories High. .
4" r »
4" - — „ /fus» Vl3 ran en
4" g I k^a^_ >
4- E |pf^"^ AS 1 4-
4- I a^-^'i -j ."♦■
: 'ir :
4. 4-
4. A great convenience +
4- in the dining - room — +
t combined China Closet ♦
4- and Sideboard. Solid +
oak; swell front; French *
4- plate mirror. . .$18.50 4-
4- 4-
"*" Here's a change from standing "*"
Hall Racks. A hanging rack in com- "*"
"*" bination with a hall seat is practically
the same thing, but far cheaper. "f
v"; Hanging Hatrack,. with French '.
+. plate mirror $1.75 4.
4. Hall Seat to match, solid 0ak.51. 95 4
4- Handsome Oak Bookcase for the "♦"
4- library. Five adjustable shelves, 36 "*■
4- inches wide, with glass d00r... 57.50 "*"
"*■ Metal Beds are more appreciated in X
■*" summer. We have them in white \
"*" enamel, brass trimmings $2.75 a
4- ■ : ' — •■*♦■
4- Carpet Department.
a We have over 500 remnants, 1 to 5 a
yards, Velvets, Moquettes, Axmin- 4.
+ j sters, Tapestry, etc., worth up to 4.
4. $1.50 a yard. Excellent for the hall, -4.
4- the bathroom,' or for rugs. While -4
4- they last_ ............... .25c a yard 4-
4- Our fall Carpet stock will meet any 4-
4- demand. '. 4-
4- ■ — — — Vf. : . , . ♦
4. Free delivery In Oakland, Alameda -4
V^ and Berkeley.
♦ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. X
♦ 233-235-237 Post Street. >
T Open Evenings. * Near Stockton. "*"
•>.♦ + ♦ +.> ♦,♦ ♦■♦> :♦; •
HALES.
)000000000000-)ooooooooooeoooooooooooooooooooooooooo(
interesting items ! store news ! , .
-..,.., , \- -,- i .. •" Our Saturday afternoon concerts draw crowd!. .;-•■■. .■ ,
Chairs for baby « comfo-t. parbr for mother I*,1 *, . HoLse furnishing department in our large basement
Private corset, cloak and suit fitting -oom*. . »r i jJtn»«.ri«in
Dark room ,„ ,now how silk, look at night _ . . lZfi£to™s%£ii» "H. 8.," ,***.
New Bar»r and Perfumery Oepartmen:. now open. "* e » buyers gone East, three others follow .wiftly.
( Enlarged curtain department and draperies hung free. Three Duyer* «ut o
we're cleaning up all over this
I^l vC d-rfct»P*-=s 's an interesting time for us— we can
UIJiJ LUI C see how our big Spring purchases have
dwindled down to odd lots, remnants and broken sizes— in
some cases there's only a bare dozen or so of hosiery, few
hundred yards of dress goods and a broken variety of col-
ors in ribbons. We've had a big season, war has not affected ;.,:..-
the economical housewife— we've had her steady patronage.
Hale's have gone on "selling goods" at reasonable prices,
guaranteeing everything— giving satisfaction. Hale's seven . ,
California n stores are the biggest buyers of dry goods on the
Pacific. We must buy and sell well, or why do we grow so?
clean=up
"> dress goods.
(Aisle No. 1.)
Here's 75 pieces of Fancy Spring and
Summer Suitings, including silk and
wool Broche, fancy figured Bayaderes,
. canvas cloth. Bayadere cords, Traver
cords, 42 and 44 inches wide. Former
prices $1 50, $1 25 and $1 per yard, ma
This lot includes snowflake '!•■-. U| 10
signs, overweaves of silk on a'wooljjyu
foundation, two and three tone
color combinations of sage green. Yard
peacock blue, tans, fawns. Nothing
more serviceable for present wear. Really
you can get a vacation and a city suit
for about the usual cost of one.
A few pieces at this time of the ft |^
year must not stay in our dress L|Jn
goods stock.' Here's eleven pieces llu 11
of Light and Dark Fancy Suitings,
such new spring effects as Baya- Yard
dere stripes, over-
£__^ ,^l__^_ • checks, cri s s-
V=^s?',l ~-^.gr2t?y cross weaves, small
£-^| K\-- -i-U?rpl=a, checks in three
31>ll^y3§i?j& color eombina-
l _ \ 7? J ~ YTVIf =-" tions, fancy ser-
R^JCT^ 5 ll\\\ <£'pentines and
y-^/il'.Vi- ■</>V'Z- epinglines. They
Cl^S' '(A-~X/l^A3>were $1 a yard. To
-_^2^r?C__ Z__T clean up they are
/C _> £ _=. , now offered for
(V ./Tjl in| quick sale at
i 0 69C.
clean=up
- pattern suits.
(Aisle No. 1.)
Only 27 of them, imported by us from
France. Full suit lengths in silk and
wool, new season's designs, (*■« Cf)
with scroll and geometrical pat- m. I , OU
tern, chenille borders. Sixteen $ |
of these imported suits origin- .
ally sold for $17 50 each, eleven tac "
of them for $15. They are now reduced to
the uniform clean-up price of $7 50 each.
clean=up
- hosiery.
(Aisle No. 2, Center.)
-».»t^r. ■ . Ladles' French
Fancy Plaid
__^±^_^_^ Hose, Lisle
if—" Ml ' T| W~~ im thread, Richelieu
I -flsl— —i I J ribbed bac k-
i^nHj I ' I I ground, new
iL^^JiLj *44 — ■ h checks In fancy
BpHßp^xS. :jp= as colorings, spliced
ig^Tß^l . "^2 5 . heels and toes,
V_ ll—' it— 'A sbS Si Ladles' Fancy
e22S32k^ SwSmK*® Plaid Cotton
rnnrv^™ Hose . spuced
lV = TBHTV~^^^ neels and toes,
r»|H^^^per pair
1 Sill in OO3CI
VwfipSSSSy Ladies' Tan 1
Vj3JLJ U Cotton Hose, of
BgjEjggjj :g§ heavy Maco cot-
IILIQ > ton, high spliced
HjiSfflE / heels, double
i|fj "| i soles and toes,
1 -■{{■- fcVUI
jO [M Another Hose
Hrjptfc \ Richelieu rib-
'■•} jil 19 I 1I 1 \\ bed in all new ;
ILjffl^i ) shades, spliced
If "»T/ ' !: ' <;; ' J <Ul '^ '"'-■"■
i^^^^ I Ladles' Bleck
! S II I Cotton Hose, of
■ p j-y-fit, ) fine Maco cotton,
L II !■ heavy quality, all
t " ," ! white feet, high
Hales. 7 spliced heels and
\ r J toes, sizes 8, 8^
'Vw./^ and 9, only i ■■. ■
V%^^^F CkllU *J, \Jlklj
25c.
Ladies' Black Cotton Hose, fine Maco
cotton, fast color, high spliced heels,
double soles and toes (a hose worth car-
fare to buy)
121 c,
Boys' Black Cotton Hose, heavy qual-
ity, corduroy ribbed and seamless, sizes
8 to 10, a good knockabout, hard ' wear
hose,
9c,
will
Children's Black Cotton Hose, * Maco
yarn, narrow ribbed, double knees, heels
and toes, sizes 5 to 9%, per pair,
12ic.
clean-up
'- caps and
bonnets.
(Aisle No. 2.) ':.. •, !
Cool comfort for the little ones at a
very little cost— buy them' cheaper than
you can make them! '
Infants' and children's . ; Lawn
Caps, all over embroidery, crown
full, lace ruche running round front, ir-
regularly 25c, clean up at lib
Others, with fine corded crown,
double lace ruche round front, large
full strings, regularly 35c, clean-up nr.
price ' ZOC
Children's Sunbonnets (happy : idea
• to' keep sun ; . from • baby's eyes) of
fine lawn and - cambric, corded
crowns, and embroidery insertion nr.
crowns, ruffled edge, to close out... ZOC
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET.
Frisco's busy store. Why? Because the goods we advertise are the goods we sell.
HALES.
clean=up
- wash
fabrics*
(Aisle No. 3.)
Early in the season such women's
journals as the Ladies' Home Jour-
nal, The Delineator, said this would
be a wash goods season, and it has
been. Ginghams, Organdies, Mulls
Percales, Lappets, Sateens have
queened this continent from New-
port to Cazadero.
Monday, at 8 sharp, we clean uj
in these summer wash goods.
i 2400 yards In over forty pat-
terns "of Dress Sateens, dark C(
j colors, in stripes and figures, wl
i clean up at Yarc
! 3500 yards Dress Ginghams, a
' soft finished, closely woven Cf
fabric, in light and medium wl
colors Tare
27C0 yards Organdies and
Lappets, in white and tinted
grounds, plaids and floral ef-
fects (sea sketch above of a
dainty summer gown), in the |n«
regular way worth 15c a yard, IUU
clean up at 30c Tard
clean=up
»■ domestics.
Aisle No. 3.)
3 cases Canton Flannel,
unbleached, extra heavy in
the fleece (limit of 15 kp
; yards to each customer)... ww
! 6 cases Comforters, full
■ size, figured silkoline cov-
lered, white cotton filled. <M 0(1
isoft and fluffy $li£U
! 5 cases Comforters, size
1 72x78, choice fringed silk-
oline covered, filled, extra ffO (in
1 white cotton, wool knotted. WtiwU
I 3 cases White Crochet
! Spreads. medium size, A"\n
hemmed ready for use *tuo
1 case only of a finer
Spread, crochet, large size, CQa
hemmed and ready for use. \}\)\i
2 cases White Marseilles
Spreads, full size, hemmed, Oj OC
j "Hales spread" $li£d
! 3 cases Bleachod Sheeting,
10-4 width, regular 22% c |7«
: quality Ill*
107 Chenille Covers for
'small bedroom tables. 23 QC
inches square, in 4 colors.. Ld[}
53 Chenille Table Covers,
. -)5 Inches square, in variety
; of colors v I 2u
Mosquito Netting (for A£n
campers), 8 yards for *fJb
clean=up
- cloak dep't.
(Aisle 4, in rear.)
40 Ladles Tan Covert
Cloth Jackets, fly front,
silk serge lined, coat back, $C flfi
sizes 34 to 40 «PUiUU
17 Ladies Tan Mixed
Suits, fly front, skirt lined
throughout and bound with tfQ Ctt
velvet, perfect in fit OOIOU
Black Figured Alpaca
Skirts, lined throughout Cf\
and bound OZiUU
Black Silk Skirts in hand-
some patterns, 7 gores,
nicely made, In all lengths nn
and sizes VvJiUU
clean=up
<» silks.
We shall offer short lengths
of our choicest $1 25 silks— just
short ends from G l^ to 18 yards
in length f or 75,. ynrd
They are mostly three-toned in
small and medium designs in high-
ly illuminated colors; one of Hale's
sitaps.
sailor hats
clean=up.
Less than eight dozen untrim-
med Sailors, fancy braid, good An
for vacation use *fo
clean=up *
(Berlin kettles
(Aisle No. 4.)
3-qt. Berlin Kettle, retinned
I cover, granite steel ware 24c
I 5-qt. in same Kettle 28c
HALES.
clean new
gloves.
(Aisle No. 1.) ;
Again we can announce the arrival of
new gloves by express. We now oner
Ladies' 2-Clasp Overseam Kid (** nn
Gloves, embroidered backs and I ■ UU
quirk fingers; the swell glove jf)|
i of the season; colors, tan, mode, .
slate, green, blue, red, white, Pair
pearl and black; sizes, of course, now
complete.
Two-Clasp Pique Walking Glove,
in tan, brown, red, green, violnt, P[ nn
purple, white and black ..<PIiUU
The celebrated Pique English
Walking Glove, in latest shades; 01 Cfj
fitted and warranted.. ..-..iJMiWU
clean=up
neckwear,
(Aisle No. 2.)
' -^ 50 dozen Ladies*
'*">=— . - 'I Silk Puff Ties, full
\» I size, bayadere
W I stripes, plaids, pin
I I dots, overplaids,
I \ overchecks; plain
V I j(/K. colors; specially rich
2 ShWoPSbn^^^ > ' n ct colorln § and c '"
1 \*«VNi,ißfw//i? 27 dozen Ladles'
\»ftV«^7// Black Silk Band and
HwlmwKVßf/i Shield Bows, rich
» ' VbwW/ warm summer color-
■ \»*¥*\v?l ings; worth' in the
»fVvVvVtt« regular way 20c, but
| I cleanup
) clean=up
- notions.
(Aisle No. 1.)
Wallace Eagle Pins, _- , 
3c paper* I^l
Fancy Hairpin Cabl- I //'yl V"-i '
nets, 60 pins to a box, I If' vi I
Hooks and Eyes, ! iS}^Je O^JmIM
4, 6 and 8, black and JfllK^fflßKiffiW
white, 2 doz. fur V %^^^^^
Black and' White Lisle Elastic. *4 %
and : %-inch • : ' '"
5c yard. »
Corduroy Skirt Binding, I^-inch wide,
3-2 C yard.
j Thread, Linen Finish (Aunt Lydia's)
5c spool.
clean=up
in ribbons.
(Aisle No. 2.)
About 1500 yards S^-
-,-. inch Fancy Ribbons, in
**—*. kvJ bayadere and Roman
G&X&rfZ. stripes, checks and bor-
K'^flni /i, der stripes, also all silk
C3?k£ v Dr esden Ribbons: regu-
A) la value 25c yard
H3P^l 15c Yard.
A Cl " e^K L(s\^ ) 1000 yards 3*6 and <t^
1 t3\Q.P»O y Inch Fancy Ribbons, In
KIP*-' . y all the latest effects;
I %i«|kf "worth . 35c to 50c. but
//^'^ \ many short lengths '
25c Yard.
clean=up
>" h'd'k'f s di
(Aisle Xo. 2.) ic^jr^g^S^ySljliy
About 70 dozen La-
dies' White' Kmbroid- s«=H^|^SS?»« '
ered Scalloped Border $$^*^Mgi 5
Swiss Handkerchiefs; >ss^j3BSSBjS : 3 ;
regularly worth 12',ic J'^f'M^^li! "
mussed when shown ss^*^^^^ *
in window display. '
clean-up
Rogers'
'47 ware.
(Bazaar, Aisle No. 4.)
(Price quoted is for set of six.)
Tipped Tea Spoons, 90c; Desserts.. $1.70
Tipped Table Spoons $1.80
I Tipred Dessert Forks. 51.70
Tipped Medium Forks... SI 8O
Satin Handle Dessert Knives...... $1.60
Satin Handle Medium Knives...... $1.75
Nickel Silver Tea 5p00n5...... 45c
' Nickel Silver Dessert 'or Table
Spoons ..-.■- • 90c
Steel Knife and Fork, long shank, •.'
bolstered end, riveted handle of
bone $1.50
clean=up
millinery flowers.
(Aisle No. 4.)
Bouquets of Russian Violets ........ i c
j Roses, two flowers and bud 5.......... -4c •
! American Beauty Roses (large size.
'formerly 35c)....... 25c
j Slightly smaller (were 35c) . ."... 15c
-