VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 105.
CLIMAX OF THE
UNLUCKY CAREER
OF THE NEW YORK
Driven by a Gale Upon the Halfmoon
Bay Beach the Old Ship Oakes Is
Wrecked— Narrow Escape of
a Second Vessel.
HALFMOON BAY, March 14.
—The three-masted ship New
York, fifty-eight days from
Hongkong, went ashore here last
night about 7:30 o'clock and will
probably prove a total loss. The
New Yurk had a valuable cargo,
principally of silks and tea, all
of which will be lost. The vessel
is lying deeply imbedded in the
sand, about 200 yards from the
cliff, with the waves dashing
over her. There is but little hope
of being able to save her. There
was ten feet of water in her hold
at noon to-day, and It is expect
ed that at any minute she may
turn over. The cargo is valued
at about $600,000.
There were twenty-one people aboard
the New York when she drifted in on
the beach last night. The -crew con
sisted of Captain Thomas Peabody.
First Mate W. C. Callip, Second Mate
W. Wilson, Steward Johnson and four
Japanese sailors. The names of ' the
other seamen are Murphy, White,
Burke, Paulli, Perkins. Sweeney,
V Brock, Gleason, Wilson. Johnson, Don
ovan, Disavers and Giles. Captain
Peabody's wife and his seyen-year-old
daughter, Claire, wei^ also aboard. All
of them i.-ana-ed to reach the shore.
Several hours later one of the boats
containing Captain Peabody and two
sailors, who did not get off until long
after daybreak yesterday morning, was
capsized in the surf, but they all man
to Bret ashore with the assistance
hundred or more volunteers from
Half-moon Bay who had remained on
the beach all night anxiously waiting
an opportunity to assist in rescuing the
crew.
The sea was running high at the
time the New York went ashore and it
was impossible to launch any of the
ship's boats. An attempt was made
about midnight to launch a lifeboat.
The waves dashed it against the iron
Fides of the ship and broke it into
kin riling wood, Captain Peabody.
realizing that it was useless to again
attempt to launch a boat until the
storm had in a measure abated, quieted
the crew as best he could. The people
on the beach could hear the voice of
the captain commanding the crew, but
could not make themselves heard, as
a howling wind was blowing from the
ocean. They waited as patiently as
they could until the first boat was suc
cessfully launched at 2:40 o'clock this
morning v.ith the captain's wife and
little daughter and eleven of the crew
■in command of Mate Callip. For a
Tew moments it looked as if the boat
would capsize in the surf. Several of
the rescuers on the beach became so
excited that they waded out above
their waists into the water and suc
ceeded in throwing a rope to the ter
rified passengers of the boat. The rope
was auickly fastened to the boat and
The San Francisco Call
THE CRANKY NEW YORK WRECKED AT LAST.
CAPTAIN PEABODY oF the Ship New York.
with the assistance of willing hands
hauled to the shore.
Mate Callip immediately wanted to
j return to the New York to assist in res
i cuing those still on board. Not a few
! of the people who went dawn to the
I beach carried large quantities of whis
ky with them. This was greedily
! drunk by the majority of the sailors
I rescued, and they refused in their
j drunken stupor to attempt ot rescue
I their shipmates. Mate Callip pleaded
! with them to be more humane, but they
I would not listen to him. They bluntly
: refused to leave the beach, and it was
j after 6 o'clock before Callip could get
| a sufficient crew to- go back with him
;to the New York. The rescue trip was
I successfully made and six more sailors
! were brought ashore. In getting in the
boat one of the Japanese had his leg
broken by having it crushed against
the side of the ship.
The storm had somewhat abated at
10:30 o'clock, and the captain and two
of the sailors came ashore, carrying:
j with them many of the personal effects
!of the captain and his wife. A rope
i fastened to the boat was held by res
cuers on the beach. When the signa!
was given them to pull the men gave a
sudden Jerk, the boat slung to one side
and a heavy breaker striking It just
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
at that minute capsized it. The men
got safely ashore, but all of the goods
they had in the boat went to the bot
tom.
Captain Peabody when asked as to
tho cause of the disaster said that he
could only account for it on the ground
that the New York had a stormy pas
sage from Hongkong, was dismasted in
a gale, March 1, and her helm so badly
damaged that it was practically use
less. He said that he had been stand
ing out some little time and finally de
termined to try to reach port. About 6
o'clock he sent a man aloft who re
ported back to him that he thought he
could discern ahead of them the light
of Point Bonita.
Just about that time he encountered
a heavy southerly current and was
unable to put out to sea, as his helm
would not respond. He did not anti
cipate any particular danger, believing
himself near Point Bonita, and when
first the New York drifted in on the
beach he did not know exactly where
he was, as it was dark at the time. In
fact, it was so dark he could not dis
cern the outlines of the cliff above the
beach, although not over 300 yards from
it. He believes that it must have been
about 8 o'clock when the vessel struck
He Immediately sent up signals of dis
tress and about an hour later people I
come down on the beach. Every wave
breaking over the side of the New York
seemed to drive her deeper and deeper
into the sand.
Mate Callip earned the hearty praises
of all the people of Halfmoon Bay by
reason of the courageous spirit shown
by him. Callip had been sick for sev
eral days prior to the wreck, and after
first reaching the shore was taken with
a severe hemorrhage. Despite his
weakened condition he wanted to re
turn to the vessel with the lifeboat to
get the rest of the crew off, but was
unable to do so because of the drunken
stubbornness of those who had been
rescued.
Mate Callip. in conversation with The
Call correspondent, said that while he
had followed the sea for many years he
never experienced such a stormy voyage
as on the New York. "We left Hongkong
on January 14 last," said he, "and I can
safely say that we did not have six
pleasant days. We encountered head
winds and high seas all during the voy
age. It took us thirty days to make
Yokohama. We thought then that we
might encounter better weather, but
there was no improvement. In fact, it
became worse.
"The New York rolled and tossed
days at a time in heavy gales, and I at
times thought that we would never see
land again. We came near not seeing
it. On March 1 we encountered a ter
rific storm and our masts were carried
away. Our helm had been bad enough
before that. From that time on the New
York could not be made to readily re
spond to her helm. When we struck
the heavy southerly current last night
we were unable to get away from it.
The vessel would not respond. I should
Judge that the current was running at
the rate of about five knots an hour. It
had been hazy from noon time on and
we did not know exactly where we
were. About 6 o'cloo' the lookout re
ported that he believed he could see the
lights of Point Bonlta ahead. The cap
tain next went aloft. He was of the
same opinion as the former lookout.
That we were a long distance away
from Point Bonita we learned to our
sorrow when we struck Halfmoon Bay
beach.
"The New York was recently bought
by a New York company and sent to
Hongkong, where I joined her. She was
formerly known as the T. F. Oakes
and was the first American iron ship
built. I joined her, acting under the
advice of my physician. I had been
sick for quite a while and he advised
me to visit California. "When the op
portunity was afforded me of sailing
on the New York I gladly accepted it.
Many a day when we were rolling and
tossing at the mercy of h^ad winds I
sincerely wished that I had rema.ined
in Hongkong. I was sick a considerable
portion of the time, and to make mat
ters worse I have now lost all my per
sonal effects, worth $.'OO or $600.
"I doubt very much if it will be pos
sible to do anything to save the vessel.
The waves swept over her all night
Sunday and must have badly damaged
if not entirely destroyed her cargo. I
went aboard her at 10 o'clock to-day,
and at that time there was between 9
Continued on Second Page.
WRECK OF THE NEW YORK FROM THE BEACH.
THE PRESIDENT
IS TALKING PEACE
AND DIPLOMACY
There Is a Movement on Foot to Ad
journ Congress and Permit a Syndi
cate of Capitalists to Buy
Cuban Freedom.
NEW YORK, March 14—
The Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: In a night
and a day a great change has
come over t,he situation, as it is
viewed at the White House.
No one could talk with the
President to-day without notic
ing that the air speedily became
surcharged with peace talk, ema
nating from the executive man
sion.
President McKinley, as re
cently as Saturday, was deeply
impressed with the gravity of the
situation, but he said to several
persons who talked with him to
day:
"I do not expect war. I be
lieve this whole matter can be
settled diplomatically."
The official mind of Washington is
puzzling over the shift. It is known the
situation last week became most serious
on the day after it became apparent
through inquiries made by the Herald
that the proposition to have the Cubans
purchase their independence and the
United States guarantee two hundred
million;-; of bonds would not be enter
tained by Congress.
The President had hoped that this
plan would meet with favor. It can be
stated on authority that the scheme had
been cleverly mapped out by Senator
Elkins and considered in great detail,
but the views entertained by members
of Congress led to its being abandoned.
Then everything took on a gloomy
tinge.
The changed atmosphere from gravity
to gayety once more is due to the revi
val of the purchase proposition in a
new form. If the insurgents are willing
that their freedom should be bought for
them, what difference should it make
whether the purchase is made through
the United States or through some
other agency? I understand that the
suggestion now is to have a great syn
dicate of American and European capi
talists organized for the purpose of pur
chasing Cuba.
This is the biggest news development
since the first purchase proposition was
killed last week. The financial interests
of the world do not want war. They do
not believe it is necessary. Probably the
leading reason lies in the condition of
the Spanish national debt.
But to give reasons is not necessary.
The fact is sufficient. The men who
CABLE TO THfc MIINfc.
NEW YORK. March 14.— The
Key West correspondent of the
Press says authoritatively that
a shattered section of the sub
marine cable that connected
the mine under the Maine has
been recovered and is in posses
sion of the Board of Inquiry.
The cable contains seven copper
■wires and was discovered about
thirty feet from the submerged
hnw nf the ill-fated warship.
EUROPE MAY INTERFERE
IN BEHALF OF SPAIN.
LONDON, March 15.— According to information obtained from
good sources the Austrian Emperor is making great efforts to in
duce the European powers to present to the United States the
danger to Europe of carrying out any further interference in Cuban
affairs.
Emperor William is warmly seconding the efforts of Emperor
Francis Joseph. The American Government is aware of this situa
tion.
The Vienna correspondent of the Times telegraphs an abstract
of an article in the St. Petersburg Novoe Vremya, which he thinks
deserves attention as giving an accurate account of the views and
Intentions of at least three of the great powers.
The correspondent says: "The article asserts that the United
States is well aware that in declaring war against Spain it could
not count upon the approval of any of the European powers. All,
it alleges, would sympathize with Spain, if not actively, certainly by
categorical protests against President McKinley's conduct. This is
also well known at Madrid.
"Therefore." continues the Novoe Vremya. writer, "it is hoped
Spain will not fall into the trap laid by Washington, for she has so
far no serious grounds for declaring war and measures should im
mediately be taken in order that she may not have such grounds in
the future.
"The European representatives," concludes the article, "will no
tify the Washington Government of their opinion that war is not
desirable; and it is to be hoped that President McKinley will re
alize the disadvantage of such general censure and will not allow
himself to be egged into war by American speculators."
control the finances of the world be
lieve they* cannot only end the war ir
Cuba, but prevent war between th<
United States and Spain by settling th<
Cuban question with money and guar
anteeing the Cuban war debt of Spam
This, I understand, is the proposition.
How far negotiations have prone I an
unable to say. Nor do I know whethe;
cither the Spanish- Government or th<
Cuban leaders have signified a willing
ness even to consider the plan.
It is said that ex-Governor Levi P
Morton is deeply interested in am
movement that will keep internationa
peace. Mr. Morton has been here foi
several days. While he was frequently
in consultation with the President am
was much in the company of Sir Juliar
Pauncefote. the British Embassador
he was also in attendance on the occa
sion of the presentation to the Presiden
of Senor Polo de Bernabe, the Spanisl
Minister. Mr. Morton is not only i
trained diplomat, but he is a financier
known as well in Europe as in America
The name of Mr. Morton is couolec
with this new proposition of ending th<
Cuban war. and leaving us nothing bu
the Maine difficulty to adjust. It is no
the first time he has attempted bif
tasks of this kind and succeeded.
The movement to have Congress ad
journ early so as to revnove the dangei
of explosion from spontaneous combus
tion and leave the entire Cuban questior
to be settled by negotiation assumes
large proportions to-day. A canvas:
was made in the Senate to get the senti
ment on the question of adiournmen
by April 15. It was discovered that tht
Democrats would help, and that :
scheme for adjournment by that dat<
could be carried through that body.
It is presumed Speaker Reed car
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LATEST YELLOW FREAK.
SEATTLE, March 14.-— a tele
gram received from Spokane
gives an apt illustration of the
reliability of New York yellow
journalism. James J. Corbett
arrived in that city yesterday
and shortly after reaching his
hotel received the following tele
gram from the New York Jour
nal:
"If war is declared would you
fight, and state whether In the
army or navy?"
Corbett immediately wrote out
and placed on the wires the fol
lowing laconic reply:
"Fix up a story to suit your
self. Will fight anything."
handle the House, and the Speaker is in
favor of adjourning early. Senator
Lodge of Massachusetts does not like
the effort to get rid of Congress, and
I
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Unsettled on Tuesday; fresh
southwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 50 degrees
Portland 40 degrees
Los Angeles 60 degrees
San Diego 3S degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Wreck of the N'nw Y.^rk.
The President Talks Peace.
SECOND PAGE.
Make Powder in the West.
Eight New Revenue Cutters.
Cuban Insurgents Show Fight.
Sacramentan Dies at Skaguay.
THIRD PAGE.
Uncle Sam Buys Brazil's Cruiser*.
England May Aid America.
The Auxiliary Cruisers Inspected.
Ban Francisco Well Protected.
FOURTH PAGE.
Burning of the Whltelaw.
Clark's Trial Is Checked.
Mother Abducts Her Daughter,
i-lghts for San Joaquln Estates.
Lord Salisbury May Step Out.
Crop Outlook Not Hopeful.
A Man Blown From a Train.
Monterey County Pioneer Dead.
Fells a Foe With a Club.
FIFTH PAGE.
Gas Companies to Disgorge.
News of the Water Front.
Cattle King's Wife Robhed.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Efficacy of Riots.
War and Annexation.
American Expositions.
Spanish Privateers.
McKlnley's First Tear.
Irrigation In California.
Personals.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Must Report Sick Horses.
Scandal in the Hoff Case.
Was the Jury Box Stuffed?
Sneakthitf In Hotels.
Chief Wharfinger Root Under Fl--
EIGHTH PAGE.
■Will Sue Jim Rea for Slander.
Suicide After Losing Fortune.
Clarence Berry Has Been Sued,
Nation Mourns for Rosecrans.
NINTH PAGE.
What the City Fathers Did.
Lieutenant Bennett to Resign
Progress of Harbor Defense.
TENTH PAGE.
Commercial.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Ragan's Case Is Dismissed.
Blood Wiped Out a Grudge.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Tales of Two Missionaries.
Spider Kelly Assaulted.
Waller and the Grand Jury.
Jobbery ' n tne Ferry Depot.2
thinks the legislative branch of the
Government should be permitted to
have a hand in settling the Spanish
complications.
HOLLANDS BOAT
MAKES A LONG RUN.
Splendid Behavior of the Submarine
Vessel That May Bevolution
ize Naval Warfare.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The sub
marine torpedo-boat Holland left her
dock at Perth Amboy to-day and made
a run out into the bay. She was gone
about half an hour, and, according to
Mr. Holland, behaved splendidly. No
attempt was made to dive. When the
Holland returned to her dock a number
of men began the work >>f putting in
her pig iron ballast. When this work
is completed it will bring the boat down
to a normal water line. The Holland
probably will take a short run to-mor
row or next day to test the lay of the
ballast.
In an interview to-night Mr. Holland
said: "The experiments made with
the boat show that she is a thorough
success. The boat did everything I ex
ported it to do. A speed of about six
miles an hour was made to-day, but the
boat is capable of much greater speed
than that. I shall continue to make ex
periments with her for the next two
weeks, so that when I have finished
them I will be perfectly sure of her. I
can say nothing of what disposition I
shall make of the boat."
Must Beport for Duty.
STOCKTON. March 14.— Will Hender
shot, an expert electrician of this city
who was once connected with the
cruiser Charleston and whose name was
registered at Mare Island, has received
peremptory ordei-s to report at the navy
yard for duty immediately.
WRECK OF THE
SHIP NEW YORK
Continued from First Page.
and 10 feet of water in her hold. Her
plates are considerably sprung. She is
lying in a bed of quicksand and may
at any minute turn over. I do not
think it possible for the tugs to get her
off. The beach of Half-moon Bay will
in all probability be her graveyard."
The crew of the New York is being
cared for at the hotel in Halfmoon Bay
proper. Captain Peabody, his wife and
child are staying in a private
house. The captain says that he will
not go to San Francisco until some dis
position has been made of the ship and
cargo. Several underwriters and in
surance adjusters arrived at the scene
of the wreck to-night to see if there is
any possibility of either floating the
vessel or having her hauled off the
beach by tugs. A heavy sea was break
in? over her at tho time and it became
dark before they had an opportunity of
getting a good view of the surround
ings.
Thoy will go down to the beach to
morrow morning to make another sur
vey of the situation. They fear that j
a heavy northerly gale, such as was j
experienced last week, will mean the !
total breaking-up of the vessel.
NOTED FOR DISASTER,
MUTINY AND MURDER.
Thrilling and Unlucky Career of the
Iron Ship That Is Ashore in
Halfmoon Bay.
"The New York is hard and fast on
the beach at Halfmoon Bay," said
Captain Gilbert Brokaw of the. tug Re
liance last night. "As soon as I got
there yesterday morning I saw there
was no chance of saving the vessel. She (
ivas sunk eight feet in the sand, there :
■was nine feet of water in her hold and
the sandbar is being formed outside the i
vessel that will do away with any
chance of ever getting her into deep
water again.
"When the Xew York went ashore
Bhe was under a jib and foretopmast
staysail, foresail, lower foretopsail, up
per and lower jnain topsail and mizzen
lower topsail. "When the Reliance got
there the jib and foretopmast staysail
had been run down, the mainsail was
half set and the sheets and tacks of the
foresail had broken and that sail was
flying out to the wind. The vessel must
have teen driven ashore bow on and
then turned broadside to the shore by
the force of the wind and the waves.
Both the anchors were at the bow so
there was either no time or probably no
thought of dropping either of them.
"The crew had run a line from the I
ship to the beach when I got ashore,
and they were working one of the ships
boats between the wreck and the shore
by means of it. It was calm between
the ship and the beach, but the waves
which swept around the bow and th«»
stern made a very strong current which
sometimes capsized the boat during its
journey backward and forward. Dur
ing one trip with Captain Peabody the
boat capsized and the great bulk of the
captain's effects, including his wife's
Bewing machine, was dumped Into the
water. The men that were in the boat
were saved, but at one time it looked
as if the boat would drift out to sea.
One of the crew, a big Kanaka, took a
rope, however, and swam out to the
boat. He made the rope fast to it, and
then getting astride the half-submerged
craft was pulled ashore. All Spanish
town took a holiday to view the wreck.
The school children were marched
down to the beach in a body, and after
gazing on the scene for a couple of
hours were marched back to school
again.
"Captain Peabody was very reticent
as to the cause of the disaster, but the
men say that Mate Kerr, who was on
watch, called the captain half an hour
before he showed up on deck. From
what I cc-uld gather the ship had been
on and off Halfmoon Bay for three
days and once had been very close in
shore. She stood off ten or twleve
miles, but in spite of the northwest
wind that was blowing she came right
back to her old stamping ground and,
much to the surprise of everybody,
went ashore. Captain Peabody blames
the strong currents. He says there
should be a light on Pillar Point.
"The British ship Clan Galbraith,
from San Francisco for Cork with a
cargo of wheat, had a narrow escape
of laying her bones alongside the New
York. She was within three miles of
the beach and just when in the most
danger she managed to head off on a
starboard tack and just cleared Pigeon
Point by a hair's breadth. For half an
hour it was touch and go with her, and
I delayed my departure for San Fran
cisco, thinking that 'every minute it
would require my assistance. Captain
Hodgman of the Life-saving Station at
Fort Point did every thing he possibly
could for the crew of the New York.
He took all kinds of chances in saving
the men's kits and was time and again
up to his waist in water while paving
stuff from the wreck."
The American ship New York, late
the T. F. Oakes, has been one of the
most unfortunate vessels that ever left
the stocks. Misfortune followed her
from ths day she was launched in Phil
adelphia, until she laid her bones on the
beach at HaTfmoon Bay. When eije
was loaded and ready to sail from Phil
adelphia for Port Townsend on her
maiden voyage old sailors said that she
would have a terrible time of it round
, ing the Horn. At that time she was
| the loftiest sparred ship in the world
I and the aid sailors' predictions came
i true. She was dismasted on that voy
j age and put into Valparaiso in dis-
I tress. She was repaired and started
| again for Puget Sound, but again the
! masts were blown out of her and she
was towed back to Valparaiso for the
; second time. On her third attempt she
got well up the Pacific coast, but was
i caught in another gale off Columbia
! River and finally had to be tawed to
i Port Townsend in distress.
On her second voyage she was sent
! out to China and was caught in a ty
i phoon and nearly wrecked. She was
i thrown on her beam ends, and a
! steamer picked her up and towed her
into Hongkong.
The latter part of 1896 she started
I from China for New York, and was 864
I days making the trip. She was so
j long overdue that she was given up for
lost, and 80 guineas per cent rein
surance was paid on her. During that
voyage some of the crew died from
j scurvy, and nearly all the others were
kslck from the disease that they
Id not work the ship, and had to
driven to their stations with ropes
s and belaying pins. It is as a
rd ship," therefore, that the New
k is best known. She never made
an American port without the captain
or mate be\ng arrested for beating
the men. As a- general rule they got
off, but the trip from Hongkong set
tled the captain and the mate, both of
whom were punished by the Federal
Court of New York.
In May, 1893, Captain Reid and First
Mate McKay of the Oakes (now the
New York) were arrested on twenty
eight charges in San Francisco. Six
seamen gave evidence and showed the
wounds inflicted by the officers, but
both of them got off on a technicality.
In February. 1895. Captain Reid and
Second Mate Ross were arrested in
San Francisco on a charge of extreme
cruelty and murder. Frederick Owens,
able seaman, was assaulted, dragged
out of the forecastle and compelled to
work during the very cold weather off
Cape Horn, notwithstanding that he
complained of sickness. Owens couldn't
work, but was ordered to "walk the
deck." He was given no medical aid,
except a dose of salts and a mustard
| plaster. Two days later he died. Later
i"a simple minded Swede" named J.
; Johnson failed to address the second
mate as "sir," and was knocked down
and kicked in the eye by Captain
Id. The second mate ran away to
ape trial, and the captain was
.in acquitted on a technicality,
fter that the ship went to Na
mo, B. C, to load coal for Santa
Rosalia, and four crews deserted one
after the other before she could get
away. Then came the fearful voyage
from China, and that sickened even
the owners. The name of the ship was
changed to New York, and an entire
new crew, with Captain Peabody as
master, was put aboard of her. He had
been successful as master of the Tarn
o' Shanter, and during one voyage left
New York the same day as the Shenan
doah, and they both came in through
the Golden Gate together in the fast
time of 111 days. Captain Peabody
made one trip in the Sintram after
leaving the Tarn o' Shanter and then
he accepted command of the New
York. But his advent did not relieve
the "hoodoo." After leaving Hong
kong she lost her foremast in a gale
and had to put back for repairs. A
second start was made, but misfortune
again overtook her. In another gale
she lost her foretopgallant mast and
foretopsail yard, and altogether there
were five serious accidents during the
Captain Peabody had his hands full
during the voyage. His crew became
mutinous, and the belaying-pln had to
be used occasionally in order to get any
work out of the men.
The New York and the Tillie E.
Starbuck were sister ships, but there
the resemblance ends, as the former
has been a continuous failure while the
Starbuck has been a success. The New
York was an iron ship, built by the
American Ship Building Company of
Philadelphia in 1883. She was 255 feet
long, 40 feet 6 inches broad and 23 feet
5 inches deep. She was 1897 tons
burden and had aboard the following
cargo consigned to Williams, Dimond
6 Co.: 100 boxes 50 bundles cassia, 550
half chests 10 packages tea, 1042 pack
ages green tea, 60 bales gunnies, 2000
bundles hemp, 75 bags coffee, 730
bundles kopak, 20 packages camphor
wood trunks, 170 bundles 743 bags 72
boxes tapioca, 68 bundles palmleaf
fans, 46 packages rattan furniture, 22.
605 packages 21 bundles 300 bales 441
boxes 1807 bags merchandise, 700 rolls
matting, 109 bags hemp seed, 40 pack
ages trunks, 2320 quicksilver flasks, 107
bundles gambrla, 500 cases pineapples,
8243 mats rice, 61 bundles rattan, 40
cases Soy Lo, packages bamboo shoots,
20 baskets garlic, 5 cases salt vegeta
bles, 3 cases joss sticks, 1 bundle
strings, 1 jar sauce, 280 boxes peanuts,
75 boxes dry goods, 224 boxes sago
flour, 1 package paper, 1550 boxes nut
oil, 50 boxes tapioca flour, 98 packages
flour, 100 boxes peanut oil, 140 boxes
crackers, 14 boxes chinaware, 14 boxes
woodenware, 30 boxes 10 packages to
bacco, 96 bags pepper, 200 boxes oil, 200
packages green beans.
Deputy Surveyor of Customs St. John
yesterday sent Customs Inspector
Henry Payne to the scene of the
wreck for the purpose of taking pos
session of the cargo until the duties
thereon shall have been liquidated
through the Custom-house. This morn
ing three additional inspectors will
leave by stage for Half-moon Bay for
the purpose of guarding the wreck and
the cargo. Each man will watch eight
hours out of the twenty-four, so that
a continuous watch day and night will
ROADWAST OVER TULE LANDS.
Success of the Experiment Being
• Tried Near Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 14.— Engineer Fish
er, who has had charge of the experiment
of building a roadway across the tule
lands between this city and the Contra
Costa Hills, has become convinced that
the experiment of building an earth em
bankment of facings laid over the soft,
muddy tule ground will be a success. He
has just finished putting on two more
barges of sand on the experimental piece
made several weeks ago, and he says it
stands the pressure so perfectly that he
no longer has doubts of the success of the
experiment.
THE SA^ FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAItCH 15, 1898.
PERISHED ON AN ALASKA TRAIL
Stephen J. Rooney's Quest of Riches Ends at the Gateway to
the Klondike.
SACRAMENTO, March 14.— The body of the late Stephen J. Rooney
will arrive from Skaguay, Alaska, In San Francisco to-morrow.
The death of Mr. Rooney was a terrible blow to his wife, father, mother
and friends in Sacramento. Before his departure to the country of startling
incidents and perilous risks his wife begged him not to go, but brave
hearted Steve, determined to retrieve the fortune his father recently lost,
made up his mind to go. Mr. Rooney followed his brother and Lee Brown
to Alaska and assumed charge of a p ick train between Skaguay and Lake
Bennett Misfortune seemed to pursue him from the day he left Sacra
mento A number of pack animals were lost with the steamship Corona and
a quantity of forage and provisions was lost in another vessel which went
Spinal meningitis was the cause of Mr. Rooney's death. His companion.
Lee Brown, returns with the remains.
Mr. Rooney was at one time deputy sherift of Sacramento County, un
der Sheriff O'Neil and was one of the most popular men in Sacramento
County. He leaves a widow and two children.
REACHING FOR
FOOTBALL MEN
The Butte Eleven Finds a
Dangerous Rival in
Anaconda.
Marcus Daly, trio Football "Angel,,
and His Novel and Costly
Hobby.
First it was Butte that reached out
its tentacles for our football players
and whisked them across the plains to
a mountain home. McMillan was the
first to go; Benson followed and others
shook the dust of San Francisco off
their heels for positions in Butte with
good salaries attached, with the under
standing that all idle moments were
to be utilized on the gridiron.
Now Butte has a rival city in Ana
conda, another of Montana's sporting
towns, and there will be a regular auc
tion bidding for our football men be
fore the season is over.
The '•angel" of the Butte team is
young Clarke, whose father was mayor
of the city and whose wealth is esti
mated at $10,000,000 or more. Football
teams are his hobby and he carries
them ai- :nd the country on specials,
furnishing them with all the comforts
and conveniences of a well-stocked and
well-equipped club-house. Anaconda
has municipal aspirations to be the
biggest city in Montana, to supplant
Butte on every field. Another Clarke
has been found and his name is Marcus
D Sly Of it n as C °^n provided ■<n this
world's stores £\s his competitor and he
has also developed the same form of
athletic mania, guarai- n to i football
eleven. Butte's 01 ;ven. gathered from
the four quarters of the globe, became
a sonorous trumpeteer of the city s ath
letic prowess. Jealous Anaconda con
ceived the same idea and in another
month she will have a football team
as heterogeneous and as costly as that
Of DaYy began to reach out for our men
a few months ago. So far he has se
cured two and they are the very best
we have, Pete Smith and Burt Oliver.
Smith will leave this city on Tuesday
for Anaconda, where he has a choice
of two commercial positions in the
Anaconda Mining Company. Burt Oli
ver will follow him soon after The
bait offered these men is a good, sub
stantial salary, with Just enough labor
attached to make it worth the -while
for thTsan Francisco men to forego
the pleasures of city life for a rustic
existence colored with the soil of the
Oliver are the only play
ers secured at the present time. But it
is thought that Sexton will soon follow.
Overtures have been made to bimpson,
and it is very likely that he wJHac
cept upon his graduation from Medical
College in the summer. Carter is an
other whose name is on the list of can
didates for the new Anaconda eleven,
which it is expected will sweep every
thing before it on the gridiron. Sev
eral Eastern players of reputation are
already in Anaconda awaiting the
opening of the season.
Phil Daniels, the manager of the An
aconda eleven, promises great things
for the men who will wear his uniform.
First there will be the season in Mon
tana, the feature of which will be the
games between the rival cities. After
that will come a trip East, where the
new team from Anaconda will line up
against the big elevens of the coun
try. Then it is the intention of the An
aconda enthusiasts to traverse the con
tinent and play our local teams during
the Christmas holidays.
When the local athletic clubs prepare
to form their teams this year they will
find big gaps in places that were al
ways filled. Smith was looked upon as
prospective captain of the Olympic
eleven. Oliver, Sexton, Carter and
Simpson would have played in athletic
club teams this fall, and, as the ma
terial is not superabundant, their ab
sence will be felt. Instead of a visit
from one Montana team during the
j winter, we might now have a brace to
! fight out their own differences on our
i soil.
A nail-making machine produces as
many nails in a given time as were for
merly made by 1000 men.
EXCITEMENT
IN WASHINGTON
How the News of the Maine
Disaster Was Re
ceived.
George A. Knight Describes the
Scenes at tba National
( «pit«l.
; George A. Knight, who has ' just re
turned from Washington. D. C, where he
was when the battleship Maine - was
blown up in the harbor of Havana, in'tell
ing of how the news was received in the
National Capital says: "I was in Wash
ington when the news of the terrible dis
aster reached this country. I was stopping
at Wlllard's Hotel, on Pennsylvania ave
nue, the headquarters of many of the
most prominent members of Congress.
When I came down the morning after the
disaster the first intimation that I had of
it was when a newsboy ran into the lobby
of the hotel crying, 'Maine blown up!'
" 'What,' I said, 'the whole State?' 'No,
! the battleship. I bought a paper and
| read the account of the calamity. Soon
■ the lobby was filled with eager and excit
i ed men, all of whom were reading or dis
i cussing the disaster and the probable ef
; feet it would have upon this country's re
, lations with Spain. There was quite a rip
i Pi 6 * 0 J cx citement throughout the city
that day.
"The State, War and Navy departments
were in a high tension of excitement, but
11 as among the populace proper that
; the feeling ran most high. They were as
I much stirred up over the disaster as the
I people are here.
"Long before noon, the hour of the as
sembling of Congress, Pennsylvania ave
nue was lined with people on their way to
the Capitol in anticipation of some ex
, citing scenes upon the floors of the House
1 e nate^ The Public galleries were
: crowded to their utmost capacity, as were
i those reserved for the diplomatic corps.
I U-n^'hf a day u , nlc l ue In the history of
j otter! Elon and one not soon to be for
it"£!£ r«rßir «r ßid °2 ts of the city declared that
i\nZ dS . secon v in excitement only to the
i M 6M 6 , 11 he news of the defeat of the
i i"' 0 " arm >- , at the first -battle of Bull
1 ?umnr« aS CelVed - All SOrtS and kinds of
:™ m £f nd cou nter, rumors were afloat.
The disaster was the sole topic It was
i SfS tongue, nothing else was d"
»^iM. lhe war sentiment was the
general feeling of every one.
™>, t ct £ an be more full V illustrated
when I Bay that in Congress all partisan
ship seemed to be entirely obliterated,
r % importance of the news may be real
™ b any one familiar with thfc work
/ ™ ♦ cress ' where everything is run
on party lines, and where the affairs of
the greatest moment are subjected to the
delays and bickerings of party leaders.
r, in ever has there been such a sponta
neity of action upon the part of Congress
as there was in the action that they took
mfiifn 1 "^ V the appointment of a com
mission of investigation. Both the House
and Senate acted as a unit. None of the
paryt leaders attempted to make capital
put or the occasion. There was perfect
; hn , rmon i th action of the Democrats
with the Republicans.
**,?„ \temper of the people was best
shown by the action of the galleries.
Whenever a warlike sentiment was ex
to the c they would applaud the speaker
to the echo."
_ Mr. Knight, when asked if he thought
there would be war, replied; "No, Judginjr
from what I could learn, in the East I am
Inclined to think that the incident will be
fettled by Spain paying the indemnity
that will undoubtedly be demanded by
this country. The result, however, will
mean the final adjustment of the Cuban
question and I have no doubt but that It
will lead to the speedy freeing of Cuba
from the Spanish rule.
Only One Favorite Wins.
NEW ORLEANS, March 14.— Cloudy
weather and a fast track were the con
ditions to-day. Hennca was the only
winning favorite.
Six furlongs, Tulah won. Swift second
Surveyor third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, selling, Alva won, Bob Ciam
pitt second, Ovation third. Time, 1:42.
One mile, selling, Robert Bonner won,
Jim Hogg second, Jolly Son third. Time,
Handicap, one mile and twenty yards,
Albert S won. E Kin second, Irignton
third. Time. 1:43%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Henrk-a
won, Cherry A .ame second, First Ward
third. Time, l:20-; 4 .
Six furlongs, Ben Videre won. Belle of
Corsica second. Sir Dick third. Time
1:16i4.
In Bielefield, Germany, there is a
colony of epileptics, numbering about
1500. The colony was established in
1868, and patients from all parts of the
world ko there for treatment.
PERKINS WANTS
NO FAVORITISM
Charges War Department
Officials With Dis
crimination.
Pacific Coast Factories Ignored
in the Letting of
Contracts.
Could Supply War Munitions for
Less Than the Government
Now Pays.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 14.
Senator Perkins was at the War De
partment yesterday, and saw General
Miles and General Flagler in an at
tempt to get the department to award
to Pacific Coast manufacturers some of
the contracts for gun carriages, fixed
ammunition and smokeless powder.
Senator Perkins told these officials that
there were a number of California
firms that could rapidly turn out the
Crozier-Buffington ordnance carriage as
cheaply as they could be manufactured
in any part of the United States. He
tried to convince them that there was
no use in paying a cent or a cent and
a half a pound for the transportation
of these carriages to the Pacific Coast
from the East. He requested that in
the future, when letters were sent to
the various manufacturers inviting bids
for this work, the Pacific Coast found
ries be given an equal chance to com
pete for the contracts. Senator Perkins
says there seems to be no reason for
the high prices charged for these gun
carriages.
"You can buy a first-class Baldwin
locomotive for $12,000," said he to The
Call correspondent to-night; "yet these
Eastern manufacturers charge the Gov
ernment $28,000 for Crozier-Bufflngton
carriages for 12-inch guns, about $17,000
for the carriages for the 10-inch guns
and $9000 for the 8-inch guns. These
chaVges are extortionate, and I did nol
hesitate to say so to the War Depart
ment officials. There Is no reason in
the world why the carriages should not
be built as well and more cheaply by
our Pacific Coast manufacturers, and I
propose to keep hammering at the de
partment until our coast people are
given the same opportunity to bid for
these contracts that Eastern firms
have.
"And there is the question of powder,
too. There is more than one factory
in California that can manufacture
smokeless powder according to the
Government formula. I am aware that
it is the general understanding that
only one firm in this country has as
yet succeeded in turning out an article
equal to the Russian powder, and that
the Duponts have failed, but this is a
mistake. It is no great trick to manu
facture smokeless powder according to
this formula, and we have at least four
firms in California that can do it.
"Formerly the United States has paid
one dollar a pound/for this powder and
it now proposes to pay eighty-five cents
when the same powder is manufactured
in European countries for forty-five
cents. And then, too, I told the
War Department officials to-day that
our Pacific Coast manufacturers should
be given a chance to compete for the
contracts for furnishing the Govern
ment with fixed ammunition. I think
that our coast firms would at least be
able to turn out all of the shells and
projectiles for use on our coast."
Senator Perkins is evidently of the
opinion that there is some favoritism
shown to Eastern firms by the Ord
nance Department, and unless the Cal
ifornia and Pacific Coast factories are
hereafter allowed to compete, he pro
poses to stir the matter up in the Sen
ate. Although the Senator did not say
so, he is evidently of the opinion that
"something is rotten" in the adminis
tration of our Ordnance Department.
This is significant, too. from the fact
that The Call correspondent's interview
with the Senator occurred immediate
ly after he had had a long talk with
General Miles.
It may be said that the general com
manding the army has long been of
the opinion that a reform is needed in
the administration of the two ord
nance bureaus. It is believed that
Senator Perkins will bring the matter
to the attention of the Senate immedi
ately.
FOR IMPROVEMENT OF
CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
Congressmen Ask That a Suitable
Appropriation Be Made in the
Sundry Civil Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— Senator
Perkins and Representatives Maguire,
De Vries, Barham and Hilborn to-day
appeared before the Senate Committee
on Appropriations and urged that a
provision be placed in the sundry civil
bill allowing the appropriation made
by the Legislature of California for
the improvement of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers to be available
without awaiting a similar appropria
tion by the national Government. This
will allow the State to begin work on
these rivers at once, but It requires
the consent of the Federal authorities
as the rlversj are under Federal juris
diction.
Senator Perkins and Representative
De Vries also asked to have the ap
propriation recommended by the
Treasury Department of $81,000 for
completing the Stockton Postoffice.
They will als make an effort to have
the De Vries Yosemite bill made a part
of the sundry civil appropriation bill.
MENOCAL COURTMARTIAL
WILL BE POSTPONED.
Accused Civil Engineer Is Still
Under the Care of His
Physician.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Civil Engineer
A. G. Menocal of the navy. whos« court
martial was to begin to-morrow, is still
under the care of a physician. The trial
will probably be postponed until further
orders. Mr. "Menocal is to be tried on two
charges, one of culpable inefficiency in
the performance of duty, and the other,
neglect of duty. Both are founded on the
work done in the construction of the new
dry dock. Mr. Menocal recently returned
from Nicaragua, where he had been with
the commission appointed by President
McKinley to inspect and survey the canal
and its tributary waters. He suffered a
slight stroke of paralysis while on his
wav home, but is now rapidly recovering.
Stockton Natives Elect Delegates.
STOCKTON, March 14.— Stockton Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden West, this
evening elected delegates to the grand
parlor as follows: George E. Catts, W. C.
Neumiller, A. J. Turner and C. E. Man
they. Alternates, C. H. Patterson, O. S.
Henderson, Otto Grunsky and "W. E.
O'Connor. Grand Trustee H. R. McNoble,
who is a candidate for re-election, will
attend by virtue of his office.
FOR EIGHT
NEW CUTTERS
Senate Passes the Bill to
Construct Revenue
Vessels.
Report of the Naval Court of
Inquiry Awaited in the
Maine Investigation.
Passage of a Resolution to Seek In
demnity From Spain for Injury
Done to Two Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 14.
During its session of three hours to
day the Senate passed a considerable
number of bills from the general cal
endar. A bill was passed authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to have
constructed eight vessels for the reve
nue cutter service, as follows: One to
take the place of the steamer Seward,
cost not to exceed $160,000; one to take
the place of the McLane, cost not to
exceed $160,000; one to take the place of
the Coif ax, cost not to exceed $160,000;
one to take the place of the Boutwell,
cost not to exceed $160,000; one for ser
vice on and in the vicinity of the Co
lumbia River bar. Pacific Coast, cost
not to exceed $250,000; one for harbor
service at Philadelphia to replace the
steamer Washington, cost not to ex
ceed $45,000; one for harbor service at
Boston to replace the steamer Hamlin,
cost not to exceed $45,000; one for har
bor service at New York to replace the
Chandler, cost not to exceed $45,000.
A resolution offered last Thursday by
Chandler of New Hampshire, approving
the course of the committee in the inves
tigation of the Maine disaster, was
adopted.
Almost immediately afterward Allen of
Nebraska inquired of Chandler what the
Naval Affairs Committee had done re
garding the investigation of the Maine
catastrophe provided for in his resolu
tion of several weeks ago.
Chandler said that as yet the commit
tee had taken no action regarding the in
vestigation. He could not speak for the
committee, but expressed the opinion that
its policy would be to await the action
and findings of the Naval Court of In
quiry. He called attention to the inter
esting fact that naval courts have no
authority, under the law, to compel wit
nesses to testify or to punish them if
they should refuse. He thought, there
fore, that the Naval Committee, in mak
ing its investigation, ought to be em
powered to force testimony from wit
nesses or to make them suffer a pen
alty for refusal.
"Is the Senator advised as to whether
the Naval Affairs Committee will make
an investigation of the Maine disaster?"
inquired Allen.
"I am not prepared to speak for the
committee," replied Chandler. "The reso
lution, I take it, places an injunction upon
the committee to conduct an investiga
tion, and the resolution agreed to a few
minutes ago is in line with that injunc
tion. This is a subject which I do not
think ought to be discussed in public. I
desire to commend the Senator from
Nebraska for his patriotic restraint in re
fraining to discuss this matter."
The conference report on the army ap
propriation bill was reported by Quay
CRep.) of Pennsylvania and was agreed
to.
Proceeding, under unanimous consent,
the Senate paused the following meas
ures: Amending an act to permit the use
of the right of way through public lands
for tram roads, canals and reservoirs;
permanently locating the capital of the
Territory of New Mexico at Santa Fe;
granting to the Kettle River Valley Rail
way Company a right of way through the
north half of the Colville Indian Reserva
tion in Washington; and relating to
leases on the Hot Springs reservation.
At this point Lodge of Massachusetts
of the Foreign Relations Committee
called up the joint resolution for the re
lief of August Bolton and Gustave Riche
lieu.
The resolution, as reported from the
Foreign Relations Committee, is as fol
lows:
"That the President of the United
State be and hereby is empowered to
take such measures as in his judgment
may be necessary to obtain the indem
nity from the Spanish Government for
the wrong and injury suffered by August
Bolton and Gustave Richelieu through
their wrongful imprisonment by the
Spanish in Santiago de Cuba in the year
1595, and to secure this end he is author
ized and requested to employ such means
or exercise such power as may be neces
sary."
The resolution was passed.
SWINDLER SCHWARTZ
. GIVEN HIS FREEDOM.
Washington's Executive Refuses
Governor Budd's Request for a
Requisition.
SEATTLE, March 14.— Joseph Schwartz,
the "Diamond King," is again free. This
is by reason of the fact that to-day Gov
ernor Rogers Mfused to honor the request
of Governor Jwidd. The authortitie3 of
San Francisco desired Schwartz on a
charge of grand larceny. The Governor
refused to deliver Schwartz into the
hands of Detective Wren on the advice of
the Attorney-General, who decided that
the grounds for requisition were not suf
ficient. The prosecuting attorney of this
county expresses amazement at what he
terms the unprecedented action of Gov
ernor Rogers.
SURVEYS FOR RESERVOIRS.
Newland's Bill in the Interest of the
Western States.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— A bill was
Introduced by Representative Newlands
of Nevada to-day uirecting the Secretary
of the Interior to make surveys for and
determine and report upon the cost of
erecting reservoirs in certain rivers and
tributaries and appropriating $250,000 for
the purpose. The rivers named are the
Sioux, Missouri and Yellowstone, for the
benefit of Nebraska, North and South
Dakota, Montana and Wyomtng; the
Columbia and Sna«te for Oregon, Wash
ington and xuaho; the Platt, Arkansas
and Rio Grande for New Mexico and
Colorado; the Carson, Walker ana Hum
boldt for Nevada; and the Little Colo
rado, Gila, Salt. Rio Verde and Puero
for California and Arizona.
WAYLAID BY MASKED MEN.
Resident of Morro Struck on the
Head With a Rock.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 14.— Frank
Dias of Morro was waylaid by two masked
men to-night, who demanded that he
stop Dias refused to comply with the or
der and was hit with a rock and his left
ear was almost torn from his head. He
was on horseback and made his escape.
He was in a half-conscious condition
when he reached a neighbor's house.
ELECTION AT SALINAS.
Editor Hill Wins the Race for the
Mayoralty Chair.
SALINAS, March 14.— The most exciting
city election ever held in this city was
that of to-day. W. J. Hill, the editor of
the Daily Index, and who sat in the
Mayor's chair for four terms, defeated
Charles Francee. the incumbent. by
twenty-four majority in the Mayoralty
race.
Passed Over Mayor Land's Veto.
SACRAMENTO, March 14.— The City
Board of Trustees to-night passed an or
dinance providing for the appointment of
a milk and food inspector over Mayor
Land's veto.
BATTLES WITH
INSURGENTS
Spanish Generals Claim
to Have Won in Sev
eral Engagements.
Rebels Fire Upon a Train From
Matanzas and Wound
Two Passengers.
Wreckers Recover a Gun From th«
Maine and Another Body of
a Slain Seeman.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 14.— Several en
gagements are officially reported in
Pinar del Rio, Havana, Matanzas and
Santa Clara provinces. General Blanco
has sent an official cable to the Mm!
! ister of War congratulating Generala
Pando, Varo del Rey and Linares for
their successful operations against tha
rebels at Sierrra Maestra, Palma, Sori
ano Dos Palma, Juacate la Esperanza
and around Camarones Rives, Bicana,
Cabo, Cruz and Canto River, on March
7, 8, 9, 10 and 11.
The Havana papers announce without
comment that the battle-ship lowa will
pay a friendly visit to Havana.
Insurgents fired this evening on a
train which left Matanzas in the aft
ernoon for Havana. Two men were
slightly wounded. One was George
Barnum, a British subject, who lived
for some years in Savannah, Ga. The
other was the Civil Secretary of Ma
tanzas. Mr. Barnum, who was with
his wife, had been stopping for some
days in Havana and to-day went to
Matanzas to investigate the condition
of the reconcentradoes.
Mrs. Barnum has devoted much of
her time to relief work. The train was
attacked first while running between
Jaruco and San Miguel, but the guer
rillas were quickly repulsed by soldiers
in an armored car next to the engine.
Between San Miguel and Campo Flor
ida the train was attacked by anothef
band, which was quickly driven off by
the prompt work of the Spanish sol
diers. Some bullets passed through the
passenger car. One struck Mr. Bar
num in the left shoulder, inflicting a
flesh wound. When the train arrived in
this city he was taken to the Hotel
i Belot, where his wound was attended
j to by Dr. Dudley of the American Con
i sulate.
Pursuing parties started immediately
after the insurgents, who made toward
Tapaste Hills. I understand that the
raid was made by B^tancourt's troops.
Wreckers recovered one of the battle
i ship Maine's six-pound guns to-day.
i and will proceed to take up the 6-inch
| rifles in a few days. One body was
i found to-day in the wreck of the Maine
and some bones and doming. The court
of inquiry held a sesion to day as usual,
and appears to have finished the cvi
i dence regarding particular measure
j ments, as divers and wreckers were
needed as witnesses. The work on the
wreck has proceeded more rapidly. The
members of the court are unable to Bay
when they will leave Havana. The body
found to-day may be that of Her
man or Herbert, as the under
clothing- marks show "Her." There
I are only two men lost to whom the let-
I ters would apply.
SCALER OF WEIGHTS NAMED.
San Diego Sends the First Request of
Its Kind to the Governor.
SACRAMENTO, March 14.— The first r^
quest ever sent in for a sealer of weigh ff
and measures, under the act of IS9I, was
received to-day at the Governor's office.
It came from the Board of Supervisors
of San Diego County. Governor Budd
immediately responded by appointing J.
F. Neely to the position.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
LOS ANGELES, March 14.— Ramona
Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
of this city, to-night elected Isidore B.
Dockweiler and William Variel delegates
to the grand parlor, which will meet at
Nevada City in April.
IT IS
yoUR SYSTEM THAT IS ALL.
I wrong. HUDYAN will make ■it all
right again. You have dreams. HUD-
YAN gives you sweet and peaceful sleep.
You know that there are other men on
earth who are more manly, than you.
HUDYAN < remedio-treatment for a week
will alter this. You ought to be as strong
as your next-door neighbor. HUDYAN
will give you the vitality that It needs to
make a whole man. But remember that
It Is only
HUDYAN
Yes, HUDYAN that will do this. You
want to get rid of those shaking hands.
"Ask about the great remedio-treatment.
You want to be able to look the world J
fairly in the face. Ask about the .great
remedio-treatment. - You want energy,
and you want life. Ask about that grand
remedio-treatment. Free as the air you
breathe are the circulars and testimon-
ials. All you have to do is to ask for
them. Write and sea to-day.
THAT
You are a weakling it needs. no one to
teU you You cannot even walk with your
head ud Get HUDYAN and you will be
abfe to Get the HUDYAN treatment and
you will not know yourself in a week.
But you are going from bad at
S£'ffi™£ JSSL Su'caT^HU^
VAN as well to-day as you will be able
to get it to-morrow. Be a man, and be
a good one!
CURES, .
All classes of curable diseases are
cured at the grand old Hudson Medi-
> cal Institute. "Thirty Day Blood
Cure" circulars are free, too, and if
I you will but describe your disease
and give the doctors a chance to help
you, you will be CURED! f
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTi.,
J: 6an FrancuKfl, yBRAZILIAN
CRUISERS
PURCHASED
Uncle Sam Secures Two
Vessels That Spain
Tried to Get.
The Warships Built in England
and Well Equipped for Use as
Commerce Destroyers in
the Event of War.
CHILE WILL NOT
SELL WARSHIPS.
Copyrighted, 1598. by James Gordon
Bennett.
VALPARAISO, March 14 —
Since I received the Herald's
first dispatch inquiring about
the possible sale of the Chilean
cruiser O'Hig«ins and other war
vessels to Spain I have kept a
special lookout for any news re
garding the report. Information
from official and private sources
continues to confirm my dis
patch of March 2. in which I
stated ar- coming from President
Errazuriz personally that Chile
had no intention of selling the
O'Higgins or any of her war
ships. President Errazuriz told
me this in tho presence of ihe
Ministers of War, Interior, Navy
and Public Instruction and Se
nor Eulojio Altamiro, a prom
inent statesman. President Er
razuriz and Ministers have re
turned to their respective prov
inces, therefore I can get no in
formation from them to-day. I
am informed, however, by sev
eral prominent men that there
is no truth in the latest report
that Spain has purchased the
CTHiggins. They say that Chile
would not dare to sell the O'Kig
gins, as the sale might cause an
outbreak throughout the coun
try against the Government. As
evidence that Chile does not in
tend to sell any of her ships it is
mentioned that Costa Rica tried
to buy the old wooden corvette
Pllcomayo, offering $30,000 for
her. The offer was flatly re
tO4*ed.
Call Office, Riffgs House,
Washington, March 14.
A week's negotiations closed to-day
by the triumphant purchase by the
Navy Department in London of the
two fine cruisers built and building at
Elswick for the Brazilian Govern
ment. Possibly the officials took more
pleasure in closing up the business in
this manner because of the knowledge
that Spanish agents had been striving
to secure these very ships, and that to
Spain, it is said, they would be of much
greater value in case of trouble than
to the United States. The next ques
tion is how to get the ships home, and
that has not yet been settled, according
to the Secretary of the Navy.
The United States flag will be hoisted
over the new ships within a week
probably, and just as soon as the crew
can be put aboard the Amazonas will
start for the United States. The other
vessel will follow at the earliest pos
moment. The terms of the sale
are secret.
The availability of the two Brazilian
ships was first brought to the attention
of the Navy Department by Mr. Lain?,
agent of the Maxim Nordenfeldt Com
pany, who was authorized to dispose
of these ships building at Elswick and
two others in course of construction in
France. Mr. Lame said to-day that
the two ships purchased would be a
most desirable acquisition to the Amer
ican navy, as they were the latest and
best products of the famous Arm
strong yards. One of the ships is com
plete in every respect, has her coal
supply and ammunition on board, and
steam can be raised at any time. There
will be no trouble in bringing this ship
across, as an adequate force from the
local yards can be secured for. the serv
ice. It is said the coal and ammuni
tion on board passed with the sale to
the United States. The ammunition is
not of the kind in use by the American
navy, so that the supply of ammunition
is a ' necessary adjunct to the new
ships. The other ship has been
launched, but it will take some time
to make her ready for sea. Mr. Lame
believes however, that there will be no
difficulty in bringing her over immedi
ately if it is desired to make the move
without delay, as the hull of the ship
is so well along that she could be towed
and her own sail power utilized for the
trip across.
The two Brazilian ships will be ex
tremely valuable additions to the
United States navy in either war or
peace in the opinion of Secretary Long,
who acknowledges they have been
bought by the United States. They are
steel sheathed and coppered, with twin
screws The Amazonas is rated at .iSOO
tons displacement, with an indicated
horsepower, under natural draft of
7000, which is calculated to develop
twenty knots speed. Thus, while the
uhip Is about the size of the Charleston
she is much faster. Her armament is
also much more formidable— not so
much in caliber, for the main battery
is made up of six 6-inch guns, but these
guns, as well as the 4.7-inch guns, are
of what is known as 60-1 caliber length
giving them an unusual range and
power. In addition to this they have
ten 6-pounder quick-firing guns, four I
pounders, four Maxim machine guns
and two boat or field guns. The tor
pedo tubps are three in number. The
coal capacity is 850 tons, giving her an
effective steaming radius of 8000 knots,
a most valuable feature, inasmuch as
it would enable the ship to cross and
recross the Atlantic without coaling.
Such a vessel used as a commerce de
stroyer would be vastly more effective
than what appears to be more powerful
craft, because of her ability to get
along on long cruises without touching
in at neutral ports to coal and thus ex
posing; her to capture. »
The cruisers carry no armor in the
ordinary sense, but their machinery Is
protected from the fire of guns by an
arched steel deck Just below the water
line, varying in thickness from 1.2 to
3.5 inches. The battery has an unusual
train, being arranged to fire three
ahead and three astern of the principal
guns.
A dangerous deficiency in the en
gineer branch of the navy has been
brought to light strikingly in the fact
that it is scarcely possible to secure a
staff of engineer officers to bring back
to the United States any or the ships
purchased abroad. A short time ago,
when orders were given to rush the
work of putting the cruiser Chicago in
shape for active service, the engineer
in chief proposed that he would have
the ship ready in three months instead
of six, as estimated. To do this he
would work forces day and night, and
to keep them at work he would place
an engineer officer aboard the ship, to
stay there day and night. Passed As
sistant Engineer Dixon was chosen for
the work, but he had not been em
ployed more than a week before it was
found necessary to detach him in order
to find an engineer officer to act as a
member of The board appointed to ex
amine auxiliary cruisers.
This state of affairs has been brought
to the attention of the House Naval
Committee, but so far it is feared
without meeting that degree of success
which it was hoped for, in the shape of
an amendment increasing the number
of engineer officers in the service.
HUNDREDS TRYING
JOIN THE NAVY.
But Great Care Is Taken in Selecting
Recruits, and Few Applicants
Are Accepted.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The newly ;
established recruiting station at the navy
yard here shows great activity. The
emergency methods of accepting- any man i
who makes application has not yet be- j
come necessary, and. therefore, the work i
is slow. .During 1 the past few days there
fc*ve been two men accepted out of the
hundreds of applicants.
Everything which is available as fight
ing material is placed in a condition to be
used readily, and Captain Robinson stated ■
that orders had been received to prepare !
for qui^k movements. Rations sufficient
for several flays have been put in port- |
aMe shape, and within half an hour after i
receiving orders to move, the entire body !
of the marine corps could respond to the '
call.
To-morrow there will leave for the Min
neapolis, which is at League Island, two
corporals, 266 privates and two musicians.
Though the two new regiments which
have been authorized to be formed exist
as yet only on paper, they can be filled
within sixteen hours, and two hours later
could be formed in marching order.
HANNA'S ENEMIES
HARD AT WORK.
Seek to Control the Coming Republi-
can Convention in Ohio.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 14.— James
W. Holcomb, one of the members of the
Republican committee of fifteen in this
city and an active lieutenant for Senator
Hanna in the recent Senatorial contest
before the Legislature, is authority for
the statement that the Bushnell and
Kurtz forces the marshaled for another
battle.
Delegates to the next Republican State
Convention will soon be chosen. Those
from the county will be selected In coun
ty convention nr-xt Saturday. Mr.
Holcomb saye he has evidence to show
that Mayor McKisson will try to cap
ture the County Convention, and that the
Bushnetl and Kurtz men will do the same
the State over. With the State Conven
tion in their hands, the alleged plan is to
indorse the action of the Republicans who
bolted Senator Hanna in the Legislature,
condemn the flection of Senator Hanna
as brought about by improper means,
and appoint a State Republican Com
mittee which will be antagonistic not
only to Senator Hanna, but to President
McKlnley, one of the alms being to har
ass the President as much as possible if
he comes up for re-election.
MOVEMENTS OF THE
WAR VESSELS.
The Marblehead Was Ordered to Key
West Simply to Take Stores on
for the Atlantic Squadron.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— 1t is now
stated at the Navy Department that I
the Marblehead, which arrived at Tarn- i
pa Saturday night, was ordered to that
place simply to tnke on some stores for i
the North Atlantic squadron. The tor- 1
pedo boat Foote arrived at Charleston j
yesterday on her way to Key West to !
join the flotilla. The Fern sailed yes- j
terday from Sagua for Key West, hay- !
ing, it is presumed, delivered all the i
stores for the starving reconcentrados j
which have so far been received from !
the central relief committee in New
York. The battleship lowa came over j
from Tortugas to Key Went yesterday, j
The gunboat Annapolis has arrived at j
Curacoa. The training ship Essex has
sailed from New York for Portsmouth.
HURRY ORDER^FOR
A SIXiNCH GUN.
Weapon to Be Shipped From Brook
lyn to San Francisco for Use on
the Philadelphia.
NEW YORK, March 14.— A hurry
order was received at the Brooklyn
Navy-yard to-day from Washington
for a 6-inch gun to be sent immediately
to San Francisco. The gun is a large
rapid-fire breech-loading rifle which
has been on the receiving ship Ver
mont. The work of transferring the gun
commenced at once.
The officers at the navy-yard were
reticent as to what the gun was needed
for at San Francisco, but it was re
ported that there is something wrong
with one of the grans of the cruiser
Philadelphia and this gun is Intended
to replace it. The gun will go by rail
direct to the Mare Island Navy-yard.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
INSPECTING
BIG STEAMERS
No Time Lost by the
Auxiliary Board in
Beginning Work.
Liners St. Louis and New York
Examined and Found Fit
for Naval Service.
Many Offers Received From tho
Owners of All Kinds of Steam
Craft at Now York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The Auxil
iary Cruisers Board of the United
States Navy, which was appointed to
acquire ships of the merchant marine
for use in the event of the breaking
out of the wsi' met for organization
to-day in the Havemeyer building,
where It has secured temporary quar
ters. Permanent quarters will be taken
later, as the board will have a great
amount of work to do here.
The board inspected the St. Louis
and the New York of the American
line this afternoon. The visit to the
St. Louis was a short one. The steam
ship was constructed under the super
vision of naval experts, and all of the
officers composing- the board were fa
miliar with the plan of the vessel.
The New York was next visited. She
was constructed when the company
i sailed its ships under the British flag.
t The New York was at one time In the
I ref , erV e of the British Admiralty and
j was built under the supervision of Eng
lish officers. The inspection of all ves
sels on which the Government has op
! tions by reason of the subsidy act will
! be proceeded with as rapidly as pob
; sible.
Captain Rodgers has very positive ln
1 struct ions to make thorough inspec
tions and immediately report. He has
I been directed to examine all steamships
j available far auxiliary cruisers and
I transports, fast tugs for use as rams
; and steam yachts that could be quickly
transferred into serviceable torpedo-
I boats. He has been instructed also to
telegraph his recommendations to the
Secretary of the Navy, so that action
i may be taken without unnecesssary de
: lay.
It was said by a member of the board
this morning that the department's
' orders were "hurry up" orders and that
i the work of the board would be com
i pleted as expeditlously as possible.
How soon that would be he could not
tell. "Possibly," he added, "we shall
i be through in three days."
Another member of the board said:
I "Just as soon as our mission here was
announced we began to receive offers
! from the steamship companies. The
I owners of all the available American
| steamships in the harbor, I believe I
| am safe in saying, have placed their
: vessels at our disposal. Merchant ves
sels, tugs and yachts are included in
this. We had a particularly large nu.m
i ber of yachts offered to us, and we wiJl,
j no doubt, enter into negotiations for a
| number of these.
Captain A. Griscom, president of the
International Navigation Company,
owners of the American line, was in
consultation with the board in refer
j ence to the St/ Louis. What the result
[ of that consultation was could not be
learned. It was said by a member of
! the board that nothing had been deeid
! cd. The St. Louis Is advertised to sail
i on Wednesday, but it was admitted by
i an official of the company this morning
| that he did not know whether or not
; she would. Lieutenant-Commander
i Kelly declined to say that the steamer
| would be held in this port.
With Havana distant only eighty
miles from Key West and 1250 miles
from New York, the United States
should be able to keep a naval proces
sion going between this country and
Cuba with very little difficulty and
small expense compared with Spain,
which is about 2000 miles away from
the center of operations. This close
proximity to Cuba gives this country
a decided advantage for its naval ves
sels and transports, as they may al
ways be sure of getting fuel, without
which modern ships of war are more
helpless than those of forty years ago.
The possessions erf Spain in the West
Indies, other than Cuba, are Porto Rico
and the Virgin Islands, but neither of
the latter have any military impor
tance, and the blockade and capture of
Havana means the loss of the "ever
faithful isle." With a navy numerical
ly only half as large as that of the
United States, and this being still fur
ther crippled by the fact that some of
Its best ships are undergoing extensive
repairs, which may keep them out of
active service for many mo-nths, the re
mainder of the fleet of Spain is handi
capped for the want of coaling stations.
Ships leaving any port of Spain will
consume one-half their coal supply,
and coaling at sea from colliers is at
the best very uncertain, and becomes
hazardous when in hostile waters. The
armored cruisers, torp&d</-boat destroy
ers and transports would become of no
value whatever in a very short time,
while our ships would have a picnic
time making excursions to Havana.
The mercantile steam tonnage of the
United States and Spain, from which
auxiliary cruisers and transports could
be drawn, was given in The Call re
cently as taken from Lloyd's of 1896.
Later figures fro-m the same source
supplemented with Navy Department
data increase the number of available,
especially for the United States.
The appended tables give the name,
tonnage, year of build and speed of 126
screw steamers in the merchant serv
ice of the United States, and 39 in that
of Spain, built of iron or steel, and
taking only cognizance of such as have
a continuous sea speed of twelve knots
and over, and of more than 1000 tons'
register.
AVAILABLE SCREW STEAMERS OF U. S.
-
NAMES.
■/
,
St. L.OIIIB I
St. Paul
New York
Paris ..
Kansas City
Queen
La Grande Duchesse ;....
A lambda
Australia
City, of AußUsta
City of Puebla.....
City of Wa5hingt0n...........
El Norte
El Rio ;.
El 80l ...:.........
El Sud
11. M. Whitney
Louisiana ......................
Mariposa
Newport
Santa Rosa
Atlanta
Fairfax. .........................
Gloucester
Howard .'.' *. ....".."..
Venezuela ....... V. .............
Advance i . . . .'v.T; ;.". .;".'..'^.«j:'.
ISB3
1675
I ISSO
18S1
1577
i 1592
i 1593
IS«>
1892
1890
1879
1883
ISSO
1884
IS9«
Algonquin
Allianca •••..
City : of Lowell ,
Comanche '..".: • —
Concho ; — ."• • • •••
Conemaugh
Dirigo .: •••;••
El Mar ••'•
Guyandotte
Herman Winter
Iroquois •
Jamestown
John Englls
Matteawan j
Mohawk
Orizaba
Peru .:.:...; .-..... ..v . ..
Pomona «
Princess Anne .
Saratoga
Seneca • • '••!
Seguranca •
State of California .....!
Linda
Yucatan ..■..•' — •••
Yumerl . ; . • : '
Chattakoochee !
Creole •
El Dorado ,
El Monte • •
El Paso ; • .-•
Excelsior •••
Naeoochee
Ohio •- ...-•-....
Tallahassee ••••••••
Alamo . • •
Caracas • • •
Chatham ■•'
City of Kingston
City of Seattle
City of Peking ...........
Comal •••
Dorchester ..........
Essex
Illinois
Indiana •
Itasca ; •
Kenil wort h '••••■
L&mpasas •• v
Leona
Miami ....•••• — •
Mlneola •••
Nueoep ••
New Hampshire
Richard Peck -
Rio * Grande ••••
Saturn 1 .'......
Starbuck
Umatllla •••
Walla Walla ......
Chalmette •
Cherokee , ■.•••••.•••
City of-Macon..:
Gate City ••
George M. Elder.
Acapul CO ••••••••_ ;
Algiers .- •••
Alleghany
Berkshire
City of Panama
City of Para •
city of Hi' 1 Janeiro
City of Sidney
City of Topeka
Conemaugh
Colon
Colorado
Corona
Ciiracoa •
Pecatur H. Miller
Finance
Fnntabella •
Maverick
New York
Niagara
Oregon
Orinoco
Philadelphia
Roanoke
San Bias
San Jose
San Juan
,San Marcos
Santiago
State of Texas
Sterling
Valencia ,
Washtenaw •••••
Willamette ■■■■■ •
2.838 1890' ! 14
2.955 1886 14 '■>■
2.973 1594 14 :
202 1895 14
3,724 ISSI 14.
2.32S 1882 14
-,3,005 1894, |14
3.531 1889 14
2.351 18S2 14
2,626 ! 1889 I 14
2,944 i 188S 14
2.898 I 1594 ! 14
3,095 i 1896 i 14
3.301 I 1893 I 14
2.754 ]*■. !14
3,497 ISSO 114
! 3,523 I 1892 14
1.264 188S 14
3.079 1597 14
2,820 1678 14
2.723 I 1884 14
4,033 i ISM 14
2,266 I 1878 14 :'
4,115 IS9O 14 r -
3.r.25 I 1890 14 "
3.497 I 18S9 14
2.676 1883 I2U
3.801 is:..; ::r,
3,531 1884 13U.
3,531 i ISSG 13*4
3.531 j 18S4 i 13H
3.264 ' ISB2 13M:
2.650 1882 13'<!
3.458 1573- 13' i
2,677 ISS2 I 13S
2,943 1883 113
. 2.384 ISB9 13
2,729 ISS4 113
1,117 1884 13
1.411 1890 13
5.080 1574 13
2,935 1885 13
2.722 1889 13
2,537 1890 13
3.164 1573 13
3. 158 1873 13
'2,m 1871 13
2.293 1887 13
2,943 IS?3 13
3,329 ISB9 I 13
3.020 1891 113 .
2,438 ISB7 113
3.367 1887 113
2.395 1892 13
2.906 I ISO 2 13
2,556 i 1876 13
2.268 1890 |13
2.157 I 1881 13
3,070 ! 18S1 IS
3.070 j 18S1 13
2.983 ! 1879 121,4
: 2,557 I 18S6 I 12H
' 2.093 i 1877 ! 12*4
.1.097 I 1878 I 12%
1.710 1R74 I 12»4
2,572 1873 112
2. 294 i 1876 | 12
I 2.014 I 18S1 12
2.014 1881 '12
1.4&0 1593 12
3.532 1878 12
I 3.54S 1 1878 12
1 3.017 j 1878 12
1,057 I 18R4 12
2.328 1 ISS2 I 12
2. ISC , 1872 12
2,765 I 3879 I 12
1,492 ! 1888 I 12
I.' '3 ! 1895 I 12
2 296 I 1879 I 12
2.003* ! ISB2 i 13
2,646 I 1882 ! 12
1,561 I 1890 ! 12
2.590 I 1873 I 12
2.265 I 1877 I 12
2.33> I ISB2 I 12
1.&64 j ISBO I 12
2.520 I UK i 12
2.334 i ISS2 I 12
2.075 ! ISS2 I 12
2.081 ! 1882 I 12
2.070 I ISB2 1 12
2.839 ISBI 12
2.359 1579 112 .
1.736 ! 1573 i 13
2.016 j 1881 I 12
1.598 I 1882 ! 12
2.896 ' ISS7 ' 12
2.662 ' 1«S1 ! 12
AVAILABLE SCREW STEAMERS OF SPAIN.
NAMES.
Alfonso XIII
Reina Maria Christina
6.161 !
5.206
5.247
4.638
5,297
3,709
5.311
3,785
4.076
3.174
5,044
5.031
4.125 I
3.545 '
2.805 |
. 4.020 i
4.027
3.774
4.256
4.024
C.507 I
3.971 j
6.250
3.895
- 3 082 '
1.822 I
4.796
2.596 !
2.472 j
. 2. 678
3.115
S 3.468 i
; 2.313
; 3.290
i 3.527
I 2.410 j
I 1888
18S8
1890
1890
1889
1881
18S7
ISS3
ISS9
1878
ISB4
18S4
I ISSI
i 18S2
1 1877
1896
1895
ISS9
ISS2
1895 !
' IS9I
i lsS9 !
1890 I
1887 :
' IS9O !
1566
: IBM i
; 1572
18S6
18S0 !
1872 i
IS3O
1890 !
1876 ;
1885 I
16
15
15
15
14%
14
14
14
14
13V4
13M,
13V4
13>*
13V4
I 1!'-
! 13
13
13
13
I 13
I 13
! 13
: 12%
1 12U.
i 12
12
12
12
12
Alfonso XII
Leon XIII
P. de Satrustegrul
Monte Video
Antonio Lopez
Buer.os Aires
Cataluna
Montserrat :
Cludad de Cadiz
Colon ■...'.
Covadonga
Isla de Mindanao
I«la de Fanay
Santo --Domingo
Barcelona
Cadiz
Conde WlfrwJo •
Isla df> I.'izoa •
Manila
San Fernando.
Santa Barbara
Santiago
Plo rX;...
gantanderlno ....
Baldomofa Igleslas
Catallna
Clnda-l-C0nda1....,
Kuskaro *..... »*-r.
Gadltano ..... :"..... ;;....!
Habana.,
M ad rl 1 ..: I
Martin Saenz. .:. j
Mexico 1 ...:;.:. •
Miguel M. Plnillbs...
Navarre t - I
Pa1ent1n0 ' . .' . .". . .... • • • • • —
Panama 1
RESUME OF STEAMERS OF 12 TO 22
KNOTS' SPEED.
'■' .'v"
BPEED.
05
?'■ > r
'■ - i :
: knots....
nots
Til 'tS •
knots ...-.
nots .'...
■knots
•nots
knots . —
nots
I
j!
8
2
13
9
25
34
Petals
RESUME OF TONNAGE OP
STEAMERS.
i
TONNAGE.
v.
r io,wk» tons [
to 10.000 tons I
to 5000 tons |
to 4000 tons
to 3000 tone
to 2000 tor.s ]
2 I 10
2 : 10
6. • 3
30 I 12
71-8
The United States Navy Department
has for a number of years Inspected
such of our merchant steamers as were
1 suited for auxiliary cruisers and other
purposes in time of war, and a list of
those adapted for war purposes was
some time ago made public, giving de
tails and proposed armaments. This
list of twenty-one steamers is as fol
lows:
AUXILIARY CRUISEKP OF THE UNITED
STATES.
NAME 3.
:>.., ' .-, '•
-
!
s
«St. Louis i
St. Paul •
Parts
New Y0rk..... j
Newport •
City of Para. J
Caracas )
Philadelphia .. • I
Venezuela .......... i
Orizaba i
Yumurl ......••••
City of Washington
Saratoga :...... ;
Seneca- .. j
Yucatan . j
Seguranca I
Vlgilanca — •
Advance ••••_
Alllanca
City of Sydney ..... I
City, of Peking....
City of Rio Janeiro
Peru -....• ; • •
lon . •
San Jose i
San 8ia5.......
Sen Juan
Acapulco .
14
15
14
It
14
14
14
14
14
12
II
12
14
12
12
12
12
12
"
••i
••
• •I
-I
"
H
••i
■••
!•:•
"I
••
-I
-I
-
••
••
■ •
i...
R
:..J
__
■•I
I--
I",
"I
H
••i
-I
••
-I
••
••
::
8
6
6
8
I
«
6
3
S
■•I
.....
!-
...
••
-d
::|
R
:::
...ijo!
!••
i...|12
... 8
9 ..
i..
I-
••
.*:
"
..
I
...
.
!•••
Total gun»
To seven steamers no batteries had
been decided upon at that time. In
October last the Navy Department had
added forty-six more steamers to its
available list, including those newly
built on the Atlantic, and such stanch
ships as the Alameda and Mariposa on
this coast. This makes eighty-four
merchant steamers available for auxil
iary cruisers, a lleet more than twice
as "largo as the entire roster of Spanish
merchant steamers exceeding a speed
of twelve knots. The Pacific Coast re
serve of auxiliary cruisers will not in
all likelihood be needed for there are
enough available craft on the Atlantic
to form a cordon around Havana, and
where such tugs an the Laurada,
Dauntless and Silver Heels, of less than
50 tons burden, have succeeded in run
ning the blockade the hundreds of tugs
and other steamers would not fail to
carry over and land a multitude of
soldiers and all the war material
needed.
GREAT BRITAIN
AND UNCLE SAM
Some Leading Questions
Are Asked in the
Commons.
Michael. Davitt Desires to Know
About Offering Fleets and ;{■;
an Alliance.
Mr. Curzon Diplomatically Dodges
Questions, and Says a Reply Is
Inexpedient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. March 14.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary
Secretary for the Foreign Office, Mr.
Curzon, replying to Michael Davitt, antl-
Parnelllte, who ; asked the Government
whether Great Britain had offered to
lend men-of-war to the United States
in the event of a conflict between the
United States and a European power,
said that the Government had not made
such an offer.
Answering a series of questions which
Mr. Davitt • put with a view of
eliciting whether there have been any
negotiations for an alliance between
Great Britain and the United States or
whether Great Britain had offered to
mediate in the Cuban crisis, Mr. Curzon
said these questions were of such a na
ture that it was Inexpedient to reply to
them.
Mr. Curzon's reply that Mr. Davltt's
questions .were inopportune was re
ceived with loud cries of "Hear, hear!"
from the Unionist benches.
Mr. Davitt in an interview on the
subject said: "I put the question as
to the ships because the subject was
not proceeded with last week. I want
ed to elicit the truth. I knew, of
course, that the statement made to the
effect that warships would possibly be
loaned was as absurd as the rumored
alliance, and I received exactly the an
swer I expected. Mr. Curzon is too
clever a diplomat to give any answer
which would dispel the idea that an
American alliance is on the tapis, as, of
course, it ever was. Mr. Curzon
knows it, but it serves England's pur
pose to let the Continental nations
think it is possible in the near future."
TWO NATIONS THAT
SYMPATHIZE WITH SPAIN.
Austria and Germany Are Friendly
With the Castilians and Would
Aid Them.
LONDON, March 15.— The Vienna
correspondent of the Standard declares
that Austria and Germany sympathize
with Spain, the former being actuated
by family ties between the two reigning
houses, and the latter by a grudge
against the United States. The corre
spondent adds: "The Chinese question
is much more practical for the United
States than the Cuban, but America
has no naval base in Chinese waters.
Why should not Spain make peace by
offering the United States a naval sta
tion in the Philippines? Spain would
lose nothirg thereby. On the contrary
the Philippines would be more assured
to her than before, and the Americans
would be enabled to act from that base
in conjunction with England and
Japan."
SAW THE MAINE
AS SHE WENT DOWN
Arthur Bachman an Eye-Wit
ness of the Fatal
Disaster.
Heard the Explosion and Ran to the
■Wharf Overlooking tho
Harbor.
Arthur Bachman, the manager of the
firm of Bachman & Ehrmann, arrived in
the city Sunday afternoon from Cuba,
and tells the story of the sinking- of the
Maine from the standpoint of an eye wit
ness. On the 15th of February, the night
cf the fatal disaster, Mr. Bachman was
standing in front of a hotel in the city of
Havana, with a number of friends, when
he was startled by a terrific explosion,
which shook the city and echoed and re
echoed from the direction of -.lorro Cas
tle.
"I was standing across the road from
the Hotel Inglatera."' he said, "with two
American friends and a number of Span
lards. As far as I can recollect it was
about 9:46 when we heard a terrific explo
sion and a low and horrifying rumbling
noise which immediately followed.
"At first we thought it was another out
break of the Insurgents, and we started
down the street In an opposite direction.
We hadn't gone far, however, when a
passing Englishman informed u» that the
battleship Maine was on fire in the har
bor end that the explosion was the re
sult of the flames spreading to the maga
"l ordered a cab and drove to the wharf,
where hundreds of people had already as
"The city of Havana, by this time, was
in a state of excitement and uproar.
Some thought the city was on fire, and
alarms- were sounded from all sections;
some thought the insurgents were form
ing on the outskirts of the city; and half
the people in their excitement didn't
know what to think and, seized with ter
ror rushed frantically in all directions.
"At last the truth about the explosion
spread, and people began to flock to the
wharves to get a glimpse of the sinking
"When I arrived." said Bachman, "the
forward part of the vessel or bow was
hidden from view, and the stern, as much
of it as was dlt-ernible, was entirely in
the flames. Lightb were shooting heaven
ward like so amny rockets, and the sky
was one blaze of light.
"Those who witnessed that awful spec
tacle will carry recollections of it to their
dying day. The distant groans of dying
men, the calls of help from the wounded
and the drowning, the dispatch boats ply
ing from the doomed ship with their
erewsome freight to the Havana shore,
are sights that will forever bring before
the recollection a picture of horror.
"The Spaniards who were on the wharf
that night and were living witnesses to
the sinking of the battleship had no other
expression but that of the slncerest sor
row for the ill-fated sailors, and the
doomed vessel, and did all in their power
to alleviate the sufferings of the
wounded."
RUSSIAN SAILORS
LANDED AT CHEMULPO.
Proceeding With a Quantity of Stores
to the Capital of
Korea.
YOKOHAMA, March 14.— The Japanese
Parliamentary elections are proceeding
quietly and It is expected that the Gov
ernment will have a majority.
A Russian volunteer steamer has ar
rived at Chemulpo from Port Arthur and
has landed a quantity of stores and flfty
seven sailors, who proceeded to Seoul.
THIS CITY
NOW WELL
PROTECTED
Some San Franciscans
Have Feared Spanish
Warships.
Assurances Given by Officers
That Great Seacoast Guns
and Monitors Can Defend
the Harbor.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, March 14.
It Is understood that several petitions
from San Francisco have reached the
Secretary of the Navy asking that the
Oregon be kept there. .It seems that
some of the San Franciscans are fear
ful that the Golden Gate city will not
be sufficiently protected against the at
tacks of Spanish men-of-war. But they
need have no fear on this score, for ord
nance officers of the War Department
declare that the great seacoast guns
and the monitors Monterey and Monad
nock would be entirely sufficient to de
fend the harbor. Furthermore it is the
present intention of the Navy Depart
ment to keep the Charleston and Phila
delphia at San Francisco. Orders have
been sent to rush work on the Charles
ton and have her ready for commission
by the first week in April. The Phila
delphia is expected to be ready for serv
ice a few days after that.
California members of Congress with
whom The Call correspondent talked
to-night have various opinions to offer
as to the best mode of defense of San
Francisco against possible attack.
They do not apprehend that there will
be any fighting on the Pacific Coast,
but are confident that San Francisco
would be in no danger in any event.
Senator Perkins believes that the geo
graphical situation of the city renders
it practically safe from the attack of
hostile war vessels. As a member of
the Naval Affairs Committee he feels
that he should not give a too free ex
pression of opinion on matters which
he may be later called upon to consider
in his official capacity, so when he was
asked for his views to-night on the
safety of San Francisco in case of war
he said: "San Francisco would be well
protected by our coast batteries and
the monitors without the assistance of
the Charleston and Philadelphia."
Congressman Hilborn, as heretofore
stated, is a firm believer in the monitor
type of battleship. H He , believes in
coast defense vessels ? rather, than cruis
ers ■■ Congressman Loud says that the
inland situation of San Francisco ren
ders the city practically safe from
shells. "A hostile ship," he continued,
"must stand out to sea beyond the bar
and could not get closer than four miles
to our coast line. Therefore the Suan
iards must shoot seven or eight miles.
It seems to me that the work o( our
coast defense guns would be effective
at four miles' range. I do not believe a
hostile war. vessel could Inflict much
damage by shelling San Francisco. The
city of Charleston was bombarded at
much closer range than would be possi
ble at San Francisco, yet Charleston
did not suffer, much from the shells. 1
am a firm believer; in the efficiency of
the big coast defense guns. It seems
to me however, that all of this specu
lation Is idle. Our San Francisco peo
ple are in no danger , whatever I do
not believe there will be war with Spain
and if there is the city and harbor of
San Francisco will be amply protect
ed." _^
T W E LVE-.NCH s GUN francisco _
Tests Made at the Watertown Arsen
al Before the Modern Piece of
Ordnance Is Shipped.
BOSTON, March 14.— A 12-inch dis
appearing gun carriage ■ stands in the
setting-up shop at the Watertown Ar
senal and to-day a 12-inch breech
loading gun was mounted upon its
huge arms. To-morrow the carriage
will be tested by means of block ana
tackle, and if it works perfectly will be
dismantled and boxed for shipment to
California. While there is much war
talk in the air, the shipping or this
modern piece of ordnance to the Pacific
Coast does not seem to .corroborate
statements that war is at hand. _ _
In the course of another month it is
expected that another 12-inch carriage
will be completed. It is to be sent to
Washington. To-day a large number of
men worked on the 12-inch carriage, in
the carpeter shop and boxing stores.
The gun is thirty-five feet long. It Is
made on the tube, sleeve and jacket
principle. It throws a projectile twelve
miles The projectile weighs 1000
pounds. There are two classes of pro
hs£t% Eras? — <> t :
reckons and elevat.ns.bems Mnjurjd by
throws it from "battery" to the load-
Creech-Sing heavy, arms interrupted
screw action. The gun weighs about
fourteen tons. It took .five months to
construct the : gun. . It requires 300
pounds of smokeless powder, which is
equal to 700 pounds of black powder, for
each, charge. The total cost of each
discharge, including wear on the gun,
Is figured •at $1000.-
SENATOR MASON
CHALLENGED TO FIGHT.
Refuses to Consider Seriously the In
vitation of a Spanish Editor to
Battle With Swords.
WASHINGTON". March 14.— Senator
Mason received to-day the challenge
sent him by the editor of the Spanish
Illustrated paper, El Cardo.
The document is printed and is
signed by the editor, the Marquis de
Alta Villa. The challenge is to a com
bat at swords' points and is preceded
by a short column of personal abuse, in
which Mr. Mason is described as "an
ignoble Yankee Senator, who scold*
like a woman and who has not the
vaior to fight like a man, and who
would take a slap in the face without
repenting it." The Amercan people ar«
referred to as a "people who deal in
j'ig-s and whose flag is the almighty
dollar."
The Senator accepts the challenge in
a jocose spirit. He says he will have
to see the Marquis before he decide*
whether he will accept, but that It
scarcely accords with Spanish modesty
for the challenging party to name th«
weapons, as is done in this Instance.
LANDSMEN ENLISTED
AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
Orders Beceived to Recruit as Rapid*
ly as Possible Men for Seamen
and Coal Passers.
PHILADELPHIA, March 14.—To
day for the first time "landsmen" were
enlisted for service in the United States
navy at the League Island Navy
yard. Any able-bodied man who an
swered the physical requirements was
admitted. The reason for this action,
one of the officers of the shipyard said
to-day, was that orders have been re
ceived from Washington to recruit as
rapidly as possible 200 landsmen to
serve as seamen and coal passers.
DETAILS OF MARINES
FOR THE CRUISERS.
Two of the Drafts Are for the Pbila-
delphia and Charleston, Now
at Mare Island.
WASHINGTON', March 14.— Colonel
Hay wood, the commandant of the Ma
rine Corps, to-day made five details of
marines for cruisers now being re
paired or ready for commission. There
are two grafts of fori --five each for the
Philadelphia and the Charleston at
Mare Island, one of fifty-two for the
Newark at Norfolk and two of
thirty each for the Columbia and Min
neapolis at League Island.
HUNTINGTON'S BIG DRY
DOCK AT NEWPORT NEWS.
Work Will Be Commenced To-Day on
the Mammoth Concern That
Is Needed by the Navy.
NEW YORK, March 14.— A Rich
mond (Va.) special to the Herald says:
Work will commence to-morrow on the
mammoth drydock which Collis P.
Huntington announced recently he
would build at Newport News at a cost
of $1,000,000. It will be the largest
basin in the world, 750 feet long, 160
feet wide and 30 feet over the sill. It
will hold two first-class battle-ships at
one time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO^
MEDICAL
hib9 B Ifl HHHi BB JfiSR H
TREATMENT
; rpHIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
;- - bined curative powers of both medical and
! electrical treatment, as administered by the
i skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
: tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
1 Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
! Quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
i health are amazed at tho wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
: ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
j is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
• many of which would have been impossible
• through electrical treatment alone or medical
1 treatment alone. ..-■
lICDUCC Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronio
nClif Cvi Headaches Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
, Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
i Spells, Nervous Debility and all its attendant
! ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
! improperly treated cases, producing weakness
; of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is tha
■ only successful cure for nervous ailments.
DiICIIUATICAI andaH kindred diseases
nnCUInA I Idm of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
A ATADDiI of tbe Nose, Throat, Lungs and
! fjH I A II it II Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails. ■ -it
Dl AMI AH!! CHI&i diseases of all
DLUyV Anil Stilll classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system. •
niCEICCC of the Heart, Stomach. Liver,
Ul vCAdCv Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with 'unfailing success.
I A DIE'S This Electro-Medical Combined
i Lfti#lL<di treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women.
It/OITSL* if >nu cannot call, and get the
If ill I£■ Doctors' pinion of your case.
I PAHC^I "f-TJfIM C9SS At office of
UUnduL lil I SUn rntfc by letters.
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. - SAN FRANCISCO, CAt
Wright's Man V eptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to euro
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, , Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood. ■■ ■..'.■
Crosslin's Specific Mixture
: With • this ' remedy persons can ' cure . them- ■
selves without • the ■ least exposure, change ■of
diet or change In application to business. Tha
•' medicine contains nothing of the least • injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It,
Price, $1 a bottle.
__.. ..-. - ■«•_,.-. . . • . . ■ ~ ■.
34
DELAYED BY
THE ILLNESS
OF A JUROR
Clark Murder Trial
Goes Over for a
Day.
New Complications May
Result From One
Man's Sickness.
If He Does Not Soon Recover
the Case Must Be Re
opened.
HOPES OF THE DEFENSE.
Will Seek to Save the Prisoner by
Blaming the Widow of His
Victim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAP A, March 13.— The trial of George
W. Clark, the St. Helena murderer, was
called in Judge Ham's court this morn
ing, but one of the jurors, D. F. Hamp
ton, declared he had so severe an attack
of the grip it would be impossible for
him to weigh any evidence, no matter
of what character.
■vVhen the jury was called Hampton
arose and said he was too 111 to pro
ceed and he wanted the court to ad
journ long enough for him to get well.
There was no objection from the de
fense and Dr. E. Z. Hennessy added his
word to that of the juror. Judge Ham
adjourned court until to-morrow
morning.
One day's adjournment was a little
less than Hampton wanted; in fact
there are many who believe Hampton
would wish to remain ill until another
juror had been sworn in his place, but
the Judge would allow but twenty-four
hours.
The plan of defense Is still in the
dark. There have been symptoms of
a defense on the ground of insanity,
but most of the indications point to the
excuse which is as old as Adam — the
woman did it.
Not that the defense will try to prove
that LoVina Clark killed her husband,
but there will be an attempt to prove
that hers was the master mind that
influenced the murderous hand, if in
deed it did not actually direct it.
"The woman did it" will, in some
form, be the defense, but it will also
include a theory that the murderer was
mentally weak; that he was a moral
pervert; that he was anything or ev
erything that will save his neck — for
to save his neck, so say all except the
attorneys for the defense, is the only
thing that can be hoped for in his be
half.
District Attorney Bell, who has had
charge of the case from the time of the
murder, has twenty-six witnesses
■whose evidence will cover every pos
sible theory the defense can advance.
Among his witnesses, too, are several
who are relied on to give the best evi
dence for the defense, a kind of legal
backfiring.
The defense so far has subpenaed
five witnesses — Dr. Osbourn, J. H.
Stevens, W. H. < Uitwater, Rev. James
Mitchell, M. E. McDonald and Robert
Pratt Jr. For all of these the accused
has worked, and their testimony may
be made to show lii.s steady character,
his capacity for work, his inu'llifrer><—
or his insanity, just as the exigencies
of the case, when the prosecuuoij
elopes, demand.
Henry Hugan, chief counsel for the i
defense, declines so far to outline his
case. The habitues of the courthouse j
say he is waiting for developments of i
the prosecution, but Hogan keeps his ■
mind to himself. So far he has con- j
tented himself with objecting at every j
opportunity, but he hints at develop
ments of his own. His questions to the j
jurors the first day were general; on 1
the second day he inquired about their |
views regarding insanity; then he j
dropped that line, and where he is
now no one but himself knows, and he I
keeps his own counsel.
The loss of Hampton as a Juror, j
should his illness prove so serious as i
to cause such a complication, will make
a tangle of the case. The jury having
been sworn and accepted, there can j
be no further attempt to select a juror !
without reopening the case, and if that j
is done a shower of peremptory chal- I
lenges may be the result, for the orig- |
inal number, twenty, will be restored
to the defense. They will not be di
rected against the jurors already
sworn, however, for the defense de
clares it is satisfied with those impan
eled.
The big fight of the case will be over
Clark's confession. The defense will
try to keep it out on the ground that
it was made under promises affecting i
the punishment of the murderer, which
is oxplicitly declared by law to render
such a confession of no value as evi
dence. The prosecution, however,
hopes to get it in.
If it be admitted, Clark's chances are
dim and distant.
DIES FROM EXPOSURE.
Inmate of Marin's Poor Farm a Vic
tim of Intoxication.
SAN RAFAEL, March 14.— Boys on their
way to school discovered the lifeless
body of old James McDermott to-day. It
was lying on the edge of the creek with
one hand in the water, while by the side of
the corpse lay a half-filled flask of whis
ky. The old man liau been a drunkard
for years, and last night he went on his
last spree. For sixteen years he had been
an inmate of the County Poor Farm. His
brother lives in San Rafael, where he has
property interests.
McDermott left the Poor Farm yester
day. The matrun during the night dis
covered his absence and a search was
made for him without success. The sup
position is that the old man staggered
over the embankment into the creek some
time last night and died from exposure.
AMUSEMENTS.
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
LOSS OF THE WHITELAW.
Scene of the Burning of the Steamer in a Gale in Skaguay Harbor on the
Night of March 4th.
ABDUCTS HER
LITTLE GIRL
San Rafael Mother Flees
From the State a
Fugitive.
Sensational Episode of the
Jeremiah Blake Divorce
Case.
Wife of the Plaintiff Determined to
Retain Possession of Her
Child.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 14.— A decided
i sensation developed to-day in the di
| vt.-rce case brought by Jeremiah Bur-
I ton Blake against Mary Alice Blake, on
i the ground of desertion. Mrs. Blake
! has flown with their child and the pre-
I sumption is that she is by this time out
of the State of California and the juris
diction of the Superior Court of Marin
County. .■.,.
For years there has been a fight be
tween "husband and wife for the pos
session of their child. They lived at
! Marshalls, a town in Marin County.
i Only one child had blessed their union,
j a little girl with a sweet face and a
■ sunny disposition. Both father and
I mother loved the little one, although
their married life was anything but
happy. In August, 1896, Mrs. Blake re
ceived a telegram from her mother,
who lived in Tacoma, stating that she
was dangerously ill, so the daughter
packed her trunk and, taking the child
with her, went to Tacoma.
After she had been away about a
month her husband wrote to her, ask
ing her to come home and she replied
that she would not return. Blake went
to Tacoma to obtain possession of the
child. He found his wife extremely ill
from an operation. He returned with
out the child, as the mother was in such
a delicate condition that the excitement
of losing the little one might have killed
her. While in Tacoma Blake received a
telegram from his mother in Marin
County, as follows:
"Do what you went for."
He admitted that it meant the ob
taining of the child.
Blake returned to California and in
November, 1896, made a second trip to
Tacoma. He saw his wife and child
and asked to be allowed to take his
offspring out for a walk. This was
granted him and he took the little one
down town, where he purchased some
toys for her. At 6 o'clock he returned
the child to the mother. On the 4ay
following, the father called to take the
i little one out again and for a second
j time the privilege was granted him.
He never returned with the girl.
In December last Mrs. Blake came
down from Tacoma to compromise the
! divorce case which her husband had
brought, but was unsuccessful. The
I case came to trial on Friday. The fa
j ther proved a strong case. While
Judge Angellotti was about to render
j his decision the mother gained poss*-s
| sion of the child and held her. The
Judge paused and said he would de
cide the case on Monday (to-day) and
requested all the principals and attor
! neys to be in court at 2 o'clock. Th«
mother still held the child and would
not let her go. Blake ran up to take
the infant away. Deputy Sheriff Bob
Cottlngham stepped between, and, tak
| ing the child's hat from the father,
placed it on the infant's head and al
lowed the mother to go away with the
child. All parties understood that Mrs.
I Blake would produce the child in court
to-day, but when the hour arrived
I Blake and the attorneys were on hand,
i but the mother- and child failed to put
jin an appearance. Mrs. Blake is on her
I way to Tacoma, having left with the
I child last Saturday.
WILL PRODUCE STEVE
WADE IN COURT.
Bondsmen of the Convicted San
Josean Guarantee His
Appearance.
SAX JOSE, March 14.— Steps were taken
in Judge Lorigan's court to-day to collect
the $3000 given to guarantee the appear
ance of Steve Wade In court when want
ed. About two years ago Wade was con
victod of- having wronged Lelpha Scott,
and was fined $3000, with the alternative
of spending 750 days in jail. An appeal
was taken, and pending its decision Wade
was released on $3000 bonds. Just before
the Supreme Court decided the case Wade
disappeared.
Subsequently it was found that Wade's
bond had been stolen from the County
Clerk's office. A duplicate copy of ' the
bond was substituted, and the matter was
up before Judge Lorigan to-day on an or
der for the bondsmen to produce Wade in
court or pay the $3000 bond. Wade's
mother and John Maloney arc the bonds
men. They were represented by Attorney
H. C. Moore, who said that if given time
Wade could be produced in court. They
said Wade was out of the State, but could
be produced in twenty days.
This statement caused some surprise, as
it was thought "\Vade was in a foreign
land and would never return. April 5 was
set as the time for Wade's appearance in
court.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
Wreck of the Whitelaw as Seen on the Morning o? March sth, After the Fire.
The pictures were sketched by a Call artist on the beach at Skaguay.
DEATH CLOSES
A BUSY CAREER
Capitalist Charles McFad
den Passes Away at
Salinas.
Settled in Monterey County in
1884 and Acquired a
Fortune.
Contributed to All Charitable Under
takings and Was Popular With
the Masses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March 14.— A1l Salinas is
mourning the death of one of her most
venerable citizens, Charles McFadden.
who lived in this community for thirty
five years.
Charles McFadden was born in Dub
lin in 1821. He and two brothers came
to America when very young and em
barked in mercantile business in Phila
delphia. After some years they sold out
and came to California in the fall of
1854, going direct to Calaveras and en
gaging in mining. In 1863 Mr. McFad
den came to this county and settled
near . Blanco, about seven miles from
this city. He was engaged in raising
livestock, on this Blanco ranch, and
also was proprietor of a large lumber
and milling business in this county.
His farming interests were lncre»se«l,
and through many other cartful busi
ness ventures Mr. Mci^adclen acquired
considerable wealth. He was known
all over this section of the State, and
had business interests in almost every
town in the country.
Mr. McFadden was a devout Catholic,
and contributed to all charitable un
dertakings. He married in this State,
and his widow, three sons and three
daughters survive him. The funeral
will take place from the family resi
dence on Wednesday afternoon, the in
terment to be made at Castrovllle.
HE USED LOADED DICE.
Gambler's Victims Recover Their
Money by Force.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— C. H. Corey,
proprietor of the Auzerais Cafe, and
George Jones were arrested to-day upon
a charge of robbing W. A, Davis of Los
Gatos of $80. The three men were shak
ing dice a few days ago, and Corey and
Jones caught Davis in the act of using
loaded dice. They then took from Davis
$80 that he had won from them. Davis
went to Los Gatos and procured a war
rant from Justice Beggs for the arrest of
Corey and Jones. Both men supplied
bonds in the sum of JudOO.
District of Columbia Business.
WASHINGTON, . March 14.— The ~ pro
ceedings In the House to-day. were utter
ly devoid of public interest. \ The time
was devoted, to District of Columbia busi
ness;;,' :\:.;rf— ■•. .
SALISBURY
TO STEP OUT
,
. ;■'. • '"
Will Not Give Up His
. . ...
Place as Premier •
Just Yet.
But He Is Almost Sure to Re
sign the Foreign
Office.
Finds His Advanced Age "Will Not
Admit Too Close Attention •
to Work.
Copyrighted, ISSS. by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, March 14.— A report which
may have a very important effect on
the present European situation was cir
culated in political and party circles
last night.
For some time the best informed peo
ple in official circles have privately dis
cussed the possibility of Lord Salis
bury's resignation of the post -of for
eign secretary, but any statement to
that effect has been persistently denied
by those in authority.
There is no longer any use denying
that Lord Salisbury's health is such as
to make it absolutely impossible that
he can give the application and study
necessary to determining the vital de
tails of the Foreign Office administra
tion. Lord Salisbury will leave within
a few days for a sojourn abroad and
during his absence Mr. Balfour will be
reigning chief at the Foreign Office.
The talk lasU evening was that this is
not a temporary but a permanent ar
rangement. It is also stated that Lord
Salisbury at his advanced age finds it
quite sufficient to be at the head of the
Government. It is possible that this
view of the situation will be categori
cally denied, but I fancy that in a very
short time my calculations will be
shown to be absolutely accurate.
FOR GOVERNOR OF
THE SOLDIERS' HOME.
The Probabilities Are That Colonel !
Eonesell of Los Angeles Will Be
Chosen for the Place.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The prob
abilities are that Colonel Bonesell of Los
Angeles will be made manager of the Sol
diers' Home at Los Angeles to succeed
Captain Barrett. Senator Perkins and
Representatives Hilborn and Barham
have recommended Colonel Bonesell.
The "governors" or "managers" of the
several National Soldiers' Homes are
elected every six years by the Military
Affairs Committee of the House of Rep
resentatives. The next election occurs on
April 21. It is understood the chairman
of the committee, Hull of lowa, is in
clined to favor Colonel Smedberg of San
Francisco, and inasmuch as Congressman
Loud did not join his colleagues of the
California delegation in the recommend
ation of Bonesell it is barely possible that
Smedberg may be elected.
CROP OUTLOOK
NOT HOPEFUL
Rain Badly Needed in
the San Joaquin
Valley.
Frost Does Much Damage in
Several Sections of the
State.
Irrigation Scheme Projected by
Owners of Land on Rob"
crts Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 14.— Captain J.
"W. Smith, a leading grain-dealer on
the water front and the local buyer for
George TV. McNear, said to-day in ref
erence to the crop outlook for San
Joaquin Valley:
"We are passing through a crisip, the
seriousness of which can hardly be ap
preciated by the people at large. Un
less there is a copious rainfall within
the next seventy-two hours, followed
by a cessation of these winds, we may
put the crop in this valley down as a
failure. I have serious doubts whether
or not the rain now would save the
grain on the lands where alkali or
adobe Is mixed, as the moisture Is too
far gone. We have faced only one
such crisis in ten years, and the fact
that we were. saved at the last minute
is the ray of hope in the present
gloomy outlook. The uncertainty of the
present is a terrible tension on those
who have their all staked In the grow
ing of grain."
Great interest centers in the move
ment in hay. It closed locally at 518
a ton (retail) on Saturday, and opened
to-day strong at $20. It is predicted that
it will go higher, as several dealers
seemed to hold contracts covering a
larger part of the wheat hay for the
year. As high as $16 is being paid at
wholesale, and alfalfa can hardly be
secured at any price.
Woods Bros., on Robers Island,
among the heaviest grain-growers in
the West, intend to make the best of
the situation this year and try to raise
a crop. Irrigation of grain crops on
the island is comparatively untried.
The Chinese gardeners often siphon
the water over the levees for the irri
gation of garden truck, but practical
attempts to water large tracts of grow
ing grain on the reclaimed lands have
not been made. This is what the Woods
Bros, expect to accomplish. They own
the greater part of Roberts Island, and
the outlook for a drought is exceed
ingly discouraging.
To-day the Messrs. Woods were fig
uring on commencing the work. They
propose to irrigate a tract of over 2000
acres on the lower division of the isl
and and contemplate the cutting of the
levee for that purpose. They must
first, however, obtain the consent of the
reclamation district, as the work is
dangerous unless properly handled and
might flood thousands of acres.
The plan is to put in a sluice about
twenty feet wide through the big levee
at a distance of about four feet below
the lowest water. This will give a
stream all the time and at high tide
will pour a big volume of water
through the sluice. Then ditches and
dams for Xhe distribution of the water
will be made to cover the area of the
2000 acres. This firm raised $100,000
worth of wheat here last year, and 'the
prospect of losing an amount equal this
year compels it to ' resort to heroic
measures.
FRESNO, March 14.— There was an
unusually heavy frost in this county
last night and early this morning, and
reports have been recived here of great
damage to the fruit crops. W. T. Daw
son, foreman for W. W. Phillips, the
large fruit-grower, telegraphed that
Phillips' crop was practically destroy«d.
The Phillips ranch is on the San Joa
quin Kiver, about twelve miles from
here. The trees blossomed early this
year because the soil was warm, owing
to lack of irrigation; hence, the early
frost is damaging. The frult3 that
suffered most were peaches and apri
cots, the latter being totally destroyed
in many sections.
C. E. Barnett of Fowler reports
nearly the entire peach and apricot
crop on his place killed by last night's
heavy frost.
From Reedley the report cornea that
the greater part of the fruit crop was
greatly injured.
The temperature in this city last
night was 34 Fahrenheit, while at Reed
ley the mercury was down to 26. Ice
formed in many places. In the Imme
diate vicinity of Fresno the damage
was not so great as in other parts of
the county.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain per>»*
BLOWN BY A GALE
FROM THE PLATFORM
OF A MOVING TRAIN
Rough Experience of a Passen
ger Near the Mouth of
Altamont Tunnel.
STOCKTON March 14.— 1t was learned to-day tnai in utta o*iui
lay night R. A. Henderson of this city was blown from a railway ,
Sn just this side of Altamont tunnel. He escaped with a b rmses
hough for two and a half hours he lay dazed and most of the time
inconscious in the freezing wind.
Henderson was on his way from San Francisco with a tody to*t
end the funeral of his grandmother. Remarking to the lfcdy that he
vished to step into the next car he left his seat and went cut on the
Platform Just as he stepped out of the car the train emerged from
i tunnel, and the full force of the wind struck him suddenly. He was
jlown off the train. +r . o 4T,
.When It became known that a passenger was missing the train
lad gone a distance of two miles, and as it would have to back on an up
-rade in a terrific wind the conductor concluded to continue on to
Fracy whence a handcar was sent back in search of Henderson.
FIGHTING FOR
TWO ESTATES
Sensational Litigation in
the San Joaquin
Courts.
Mrs. Cook Sues for a Portion
of the Estate of L. U.
Shippee.
Putative Heirs of the Late George M.
Kasson Seek to Acquire His
Riches.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 13.— The atten
tion of the Superior Court of San
Joaquin County will be occupied
during the coming week by two
cases of more than local interest. One
Is the suit of Mrs. Cook against W.
A. Shippee, as the administrator of the
estate" of the late L. U. Shippee, at one
time one of the best known capitalists
on the coast. The deceased left the
remnants of his once magnificent for
tune in the form of a trust deed to his
nephew, the administrator, to be sold
and the proceeds distributed among a
few relatives and intimate friends.
Among the latter was Mrs. Cook, a
friend who nursed him through his long
months of illness and was well favored
by him before his fortune and health
declined.
Mrs. Cook sues the administrator for
an accounting and contends that he has
not endeavored to carry out the wishes
of the deceased in reference to the
$5000 bequest to her. By reason of the
prominence of the litigants the testi
mony in the case will be carefully
watched, and it is anticipated that
there will be sensational disclosures
concerning the life of the late bachelor
capitalist.
The contest In the estate of George
I M. Kasson, whose property is worth
$150,000, will be a bitter one. A dozen
well-known law firms are engaged. Kas
son lived and died in this county as a
man without a family, and his will,
duly probated, made no mention of
issue. Now comes George W. Lindy, a
fisherman, who claims to be a natural
son, the issue of a marriage entered
into by Kas<son in St. Louis in the late
I forties. His mother died and he was
I adopted by a man named Lindy. He
j claims to be the sole heir. Against his
j claim is that of Mary Mann of Nebras
ka, who sets up a similar claim to the
fortune, but her trump card has not
been disclosed in any opening state
ment by her counsel. A feature of the
case is that a partial distribution has
already been made under the probated
will, involving certain liabilities which
must be settled by other suits. The
case will attract widespread interest, as
the old rancher was a "high roller" and
distinguished himself only for devia
tions from the paths of sobriety and
moral rectitude.
BARNATO'S NEPHEW
IS SHOT TO DEATH
Wolf Joel Refused to Pay
Money to a Man Who
Demanded It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPETOWN, March 14.— Wolf Joel, the
trustee of the estate of the late Barney
Barnato and nephew of the South African
millionaire, was shot in his office this
morning at Johannesburg by a former
soldier.
JOHANNESBURG, March 14.— The mur
derer of Wolf Joel, a man named Feld
theln, has been arrested.
Feldtheln entered Mr. Joel's office and
demanded £3500. Being refused, he
snatched a revolver from a desk and !
fired. The bullet entered Joel's forehead, j
and he fell to the ground and expired.
The murderer attempted to commit sui
cide, but failed.
LONDON, March 14.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Daily Mail, who
learns the murderer's name Is Yon Volt
heim, cays: Ho is reported to be the
same man wfcOM ftUpMMMd body was i
found la the Thames bound with ropes l
last yesr. but who afterward turned up j
serving as a trooper In t ho Cape police at
Vryburg. Mr. Jot) and Mr. Strange, his I
manager, received Yon Volthelm in '■■
Strange's room. All three had revolvers, j
a circumstance explained by the fact that
the meeting waa not an ordinary one. The
first shot is said to lmve been fired by
Mr. Strange nt Yon Voltheim, who had
tried to NiM Mr. Joel't* revolver. Yon
Volthoini then tired at Mr. Joel, the bullet
enteritis hi" *". VP ur n* causing almost in
stant di'.-ith. Several yhuts were afterward j
fired The clerical staff rushed in and j
Yon V.'lth.im w.is secured after a fierce
strujrplo 'I'u- motive for the crime was
failure In »<> attempt to blackmail.
Money for Humboldt County.
KI'KKKA, March 14.— Humboldt County
has Just boon reimbursed to the extent of
$0028 by the State Treasurer for the care
of indlffents, orphans and abandoned chil
dren each county, under the State law,
being entitled to a specified amount for
such purposes. This is the second pay
ment made to this county since the law
was passed in 1889, the first payment—
about the same in amount— having been
made five years ago.
FELLS HIS FOE
WITH A CLUB
Capitalist Metcalf of Losi
Angeles Tenants a
Cell.
Arrested for a Vicious Attach
Upon Fred Day of
Omaha.
Quarreled. Over Business Affairs, and
the Injured Man Is Near to
Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 14.— 1n the
very heart of the business center of the
city, at Third and Spring streets, Fred
Day, a capitalist of Council Bluffs,
lowa, was clubbed into insensibility
by Henry Metcalf, a well-known and
wealthy resident of this city.
Day was proceeding down the street
with J. W. Conger when Metcalf
stepped up from behind. Not one word
was spoken by either man. Shoving
Day apart from Conger, Metcalf struck
I him three blows over the head with a
heavj* orange wood cane. Day fell to
the sidewalk unconscious. Blood flowed
from his wounds, which were at once
recognized as serious. He was carried
to the police station in an ambulance,
and up to a late hour was still uncon
i scious and almost pulseless.
Metcalf made no attempt to escape.
He was placed under arrest, and coolly
stood by and saw the victim of his
vicious blows taken away. H« was
then conveyed to the police station and
; locked up.
The assault was the result of a busi
[ ness disagreement. Day came to Los
; Angeles to settle up the estate of his
: deceased brother, who had been a part
; ncr of Metcalf, who has heretofore been
; a quiet and respected citizen and the A
I last one from whom a murderous as-
sault would be looked for. In their
I business deals the deceased Day came
into possession of a number of notes of
j Metcalf's. In settling up the estate of
' his brother, Fred, Day held Metcalf's
! notes and the two men had some
trouble over them. The difficulty over
i the collection of these notes led to the
'. assault this afternoon.
The cane with which Metcalf did the
clubbing is of stout orange wood. It is
• fully an inch in diameter and it made
■a most formidable weapon. The doctor
announced late this evening that if Day
! recovered it would be a miracle.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Senator Perkins After an Appropria
tion to Establish a Naval Train-
• ing School on Goat Island.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— Senator
Perkins to-day introduced an amendment
which he will ask to have placed in the
sundry service appropriation bill, appro
priating $100,000 for the establishment of
a naval training school on Goat Island
and for the building of a wharf and other
buildings.
Barham introduced a bill granting 1 a
pension to William C. Beachy of Califor
nia.
Army orders: Major Wallace F. Ran
dolph, Third Artillery, is relieved from
duty at Fart Riley, Kas., to take effect
upon the completion of his duties as a
member of the board of officers appointed
to meet at that place, and will then pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
By direction of the Assistant Secretary of
War, the following transfers are made:
Commissary Sergeant Albert Keily, now
at Presidio of San Francisco, to Benicia
Barracks; Commissary Sergeant William
M. Connolly, now at Benicia Barracks, to
Presidio of San Francisco.
Senator Kyle from the Committee of
Forest Reservations to-day reported fa
vorably Senator Perkins' bill to examine,
determine and report the facts necessary
to the establishment of free public high
ways into the Yosemite National Park,
and appropriating $3000 therefor.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original— Charles H. Haskins,
Repressa, $6: Adam Honoddle, Chico. $S;
Michael Kenny, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12: Peter Lovenzo Clark. San Jose,
$6; reissue and increase. Eli H. Longley,
Myrtle, $6 to $8; original. Ferdinand L.
Clark, Veterans' Home. Napa, $6.
Oregon— Reissue, John Ingham, Eugene,
Washington— Original, Charles Richey,
Madrone $S; restoration and additional,
Sylvanus W. Stinson, dead, Spokane, $4
to $12; original widow, Mijdred L. Stin
son, Spokane, S^__ '
EX-BANKER RANDALL'S TRIAL.
Taking of Testimony Begun in a
Eureka Court.
EUREKA, March 14.— The trial of sx-
President A. W. Randall of the Randall
Bank, on an indictment for embezzle
ment, was begun before Judge Hunter to
day The specific charge is the misappro
priation of $500 deposited by Flora A.
Bindsile. Randall arrived on the steam
ship Weeott yesterday from his home in
San Leandro. The jury was chosen and
the taking of testimony begun.
Sound Money Discussions.
Between now and next presidential election
there will be hosts of discussions of the ques
tions of "sound money" and silver. However
opinions may be divided on these polntß, there
is but one public and professional opinion, and
that is a favorable one, regarding the merits
of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as a remedy for
and preventive of malaria, as well as a cura
tive of kidney complaint, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, liver trouble and rheumatism.GAS COMPANIES ARE
FORCED TO DISGORGE
Consumers Will No Longer Sub=
mit to the Extortion in the
Way of " Deposits."
An Insight Into the Cost of Manufacture of
Gas Which the Companies Have Kept
a Profound Secret.
The thousands of householders who |
have been held up by the gas company |
and forced to pay tribute to its unlaw
ful "deposit fund " are either preparing
to make the com] any disgorge or have j
already done bo. The suit begun by
Henry James last week to recover the
$5 "deposit" he had been obliged to put
up before the company would supply j
him with pas. and the alacrity with
which the company offered to refund
I the money as soon as the matter be- j
1 came public through the medium of
r The Call, has set the other victims to
I thinking, and already there have been
numerous demands for the return of j
the deposits, whie.'x have readily been
complied with.
This action of the company can only
be construed as an admission that the
gas officials have full knowledge that
-their demands were illlegal, and rather
than have a court of law pass upon
It are ready to refund the money to all
who demand it. hoping that some
would not take the trouble to draw
down their deposit and that after a
time, when the present agitation had
subsided, in 'the absence of a definite
ruling on the subject, they could re
sume their old "bluff" game on the
public.
But their hopes seem likely to be j
vain, for the people are fully aroused
over the Imposition that has been prac
ticed upon them for years, and it is
probable that within a few weeks this
■ ormous fund, which has helped to
Bwell the dividends on gas stock by
thousands of dollars annually, will I
■ c found its way back into its right
ful owners' pockets, and the companies
v.i'il have to be content with their le
gitimate profits, which ought to fully |
satisfy the most avaricious security
holder.
Another thing which has aroused the
Ire of consumers against the gas com
panies is the statement of James E.
Burling, published in The Call last
Saturday, showing the enormous profits
in gas.
Mr. Burling was for several years
Be i etary of the old Central Gas Com
nd Is thoroughly familiar with
all the details of the business. Not
g ago Mr. Burling, together with
other local capitalists, considered the j
feasibility of starting nn opposition j
int in this city, but decided to let the
matter rest in abeyance for the pres
ent. Mr. Burling, however, made a
thorough investigation into the cost of
the manufacture of gas and reported to
his tes that it could be delivered
at a cost not exceeding forty cents per
■usand feet. He was convinced that
with the methods of manufacturing gas
i 'w in use by the established com
lies it dltl not cost over fifty cents
per thousand. i
The publication of this statement has
given people an insight into the im- I
niense profits of gas when it is taken |
into consideration that it is sold for j
fl 75 per thousand. That Mr. Burling's j
estimate is approximately correct Is
pubijiantiated by Thomas Price, who
y yen the subject much study, and ]
jrs that water gas can be manufac
tured for twenty-five cents per thou
sand, and the addition of a sufficient
quantity of shale or petroleum gas to j
give it the required illuminating power
a (ids but a trifle to that sum.
GAIETY AMONG
PRETTY BOOTHS
Bazaar of the Ladies' Council
of Bush-Street Temple
a Success.
Entertainment of the Highest Or
der Yet to Be Pro
duced.
'■'It any gfiitleman should complain of
coffee being cold, the girls at the
booth ;"wlll make It 'hot' for him." So
the Ladies' Bazaar Journal, a paper
"?-1 in the interests of the bazaar
in Union Square Hall by
Ladies' Council of the Bush-Street
pje.
r since the opening night, last Sat
the bazaar has been well patron
ized by the friends of the congregation,
and nut withstanding 1 the inclemency of
• ather there was a large attendance
- at the bazaar last night, sufficient at
'lift, to cause the manager to express
. hlEself satisfied of its success, financial
> );>■ and socially.
\\ The programme for this evening is an
*} excellent one, all of the participants
J therein being known to be splendid enter
* tamers.
The entertainment will open with a
Eleight-of-hand performance by S. R.
Jacobs. This will be followed by. Miss L.
jßreslauer, representing "Chiquita"; Miss
- Hattie Nathan, dramatic recitation; Al
. Martin and Leon Solomon, specialties:
Miss M. Schlesslnger, vocal solo; -Julius
• Kahn, recitation; Lennie Waterman, 'cel
lo solo; Dr. W. H. Fearn, cornet solo.
Wednesday evening the patrons of the
bazaar will be offered a special attrac
tion in the concert by the Anspacher
Band of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum,
consisting of twenty pieces, under the sh
! pervision of Henry Mauser, their mu
sical director. For 'each succeeding even-
Ing musical and literary talent of the best
Will rake part in the programme, among
whom will be the following: Mrs. Louis
.Meyer, Mrs. R. Levy, Leo Allenberg, Abe
Isr.-iolsky, Miss Hattie Nathan, Miss
Maud Frank, Miss Virginia Cranna, Dr.
B. It Jacobs, Isle Meyer, Melville Frust.
Charles Grady, Henri Levy, ' Mifis J.
Praeht, Miss Bella Zellerbach, Leon Solo
mon; A. Martin, Miss L. Bresslauer, Mrs.
N. Slesslr.gcr, Al cm:-:, Leah Coblentz,
Mrs. Eva Tenny, Miss Bertha Frankel,
Miss J. Mucha, Miss Fannie Phelps,
Charles Parent. lime. Louis Stern. W. C.
l^awrence. Miss Eiberschutz, Julius
Kahn. Lennie Waterman, Jessie Kutz
• and Audio Levy.
Will Honor St. Patrick's Day.
The committees in charge of the cele
bration to be held In honor at the Feast
of St. Patrick in St. Paul's Parish com
pleted their final Arrangement* at a
meeting; held in St. Paul's Hall last even-
Ing Rev. Father McQuaid kindly con-
Be: « to deliver the oration on the occa-
FfoiJJ a splendid musical programme has
beeir arranged, and the celebration, from
present indications, bids fair to be well
worthy of '98. Cadets from Companies A
and X •will act as ushers. The advance
Bale of tickets indicates plainly that the
affair will, be a success and shows that
enthusiasm in the good old day is not
lacking.
The cost of manufacture has always
been a carefully guarded secret of the
gas companies, not only in this but in
the Eastern cities as well. Colonel C.
L. Taylor, the gas and water inspector,
has unsuccessfully sought to obtain in
formation on this point from almost
every city in the United States, and
once, when during the course of a con
versation Joseph B. Crockett, presi
dent of the San Francisco Gas Light
Company, promised to give Colonel
Taylor all the information in his power,
and the latter asked the costof manufac
ture, Crockett smiled and said: "Oh, of
course you can't expect me to say any
thing about that." In his official re
port for the year ending June 30, 1897.
Colonel Taylor gives some interesting
figures as the result of his investigation
into the cost of gas in Eastern cities.
In New York the cost of gas to public
and private consumers is fixed by law
at $1 25 per thousand of twenty-candle
power. In the ten largest cities of Mas
sachusetts the cost of gas for street
lamps averages $1 per thousand. The
price in other cities is as follows: Cin
cinnati, 51; Cleveland, 80 cents; Buffalo,
$1; Milwaukee, 51; Indianapolis, $1 25;
St. Paul, 51 40; Allegheny, $1; Albany,
51 70; Syracuse, $1 30. Regarding the
quality of gas supplied by the San
Francisco companies, Colonel Taylor
has no complaint to make. The gas is
tested by him several times each week,
although the law requires that it be
tested but once a week, and he has
never yet found it to fall below elgh
teen-candle power. The thing that he
regrets most is his utter inability to
obtain information from the heads of
the companies as to the cost of manu
facture.
Thomas Price, the well-known chem
ist and assayer, has probably given the
subject of gas as much study as any
body in San Francisco. He uses gas
not only for lighting, but for heating
and power purposes as well, and is a
recognized authority on the subject.
Mr. Price explained the process of the
manufacture of illuminating gas to a
i 'all reporter at considerable length.
He said that the cheapest gas is what
is termed water gas, which, although
giving: intense heat, is of little value as
an illuminant. But when mixed with
certain kinds of coal gas, or with gas
derived from petroleum, the necessary
illuminating power could easily be ob
tained. That, he said, was the way gas
was manufactured by the local com
panies. The water gas did not cost to
exceed 25 cents per thousand feet, and
to give the required illuminating power
they used shale, which was obtained
from Australia. Crude petroleum was
also used, and for that purpose a con
siderable quantity of the product of
the Los Angeles wells found a ready
market. Either shale or petroleum gas,
"Mr. Price said, gave an illuminating
power of above forty candles, while
only eighteen candle.-power was re
quired by law, so that a comparatively
small proportion mixed with the water
gas sufficed for the ordinary gaa of
commerce.
Mr. Price could not give the cost of
manufacture of either shale or petro
leum gas, but was of the opinion that
Mr. Burling's estimate of the cost of
ordinary gas was not far out of the
way.
If it is possible for the people to get
at the exact cost of pas, they are in a
mood now to compel the companies to
not only refund the compulsory de
posits, but to reduce their rates to a
fair price.
TORN BY A
WILD BEAST
A Trainer at the Chutes Has
a Narrow Escape From
Death.
Ho Was Exercising a Leopard When
It Suddenly Turned on
Him.
A i rench trainer who Is connected with
the Zoo now at the Chutes had a narrow
escape from a horrible death yesterday
morning.
He was putting a leopard through a
series of tricks, when suddenly the ani
mal became enraged and turned on him.
With a savage howl, it buried its teeth in
his left arm, tearing out a piece of flesh
before it could be subdued.
The injured man way taken to a near-by
drugstore, where the wound was cauter
ized by Dr. Quigley. He suffered terribly
under the operation and almost fainted
twice. He was taken back to the Chutes,
where he now lies, faint from pain and
loss of biood. and it is probable that his
arm lias been rendered useless for life.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Dr. Berryman Bryant Succumbs After
a Long Life of Usefulness.
Dr. Berryman Bryant, a native of Spar
tnnburg, S. C, aged 81 years 5 months,
died at the residence of his son, Calhoun
Bryant at 2916 Clay street, last evening.
The doctor has been a resident of this
State since June, 1849, and in former
years was a prominent member of the
Society of California Pioneers, and was
a prominent Mason. He practiced medi
cine over fifty years, and since 1549 in
California, and was probably the pioneer
living physician on the coast.
In early days he practiced in Marys
ville, and erected a large hospital in Sac
ramento. Later he practiced in Gilroy
and San Jose. He has 1 een largely in
terested in farming, stock raising and
manufacturing and is well-known all
over the State.
He was a Presbyterian and has been
an elder in that church for over forty
years. He has been repeatedly urged to
outer politics, but has always declined,
preferring private life. One of his last.
wishes was that he be burled among his"
old friends in Gilroy.
His funeral will take place on "Wednes
day, Mnrch 16. at Gilroy, pn the arrival
of the S:ls train from this city.
Freeholders on the lioinestretch.
It was the intention of the Freeholders
to wind up the charter at last night's
session and then turn It over to the re
vision committee. But like all good in
tentions this resolution was broken and
1 Jn^read the convention went into a gen
■ eral overhauling of all the important fea
i tures of the charter.
•—_■
! To Entertain the Ladies.
To-night the Olympic Club members
! will again entertain the ladies with a
'• lengthy but well chosen programme.
: Heretofore the evenings have proven a
i success and this one will without doubt
bo no exception.
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
TOOK HER
PURSE AND
VALUABLES
Arrest of Frank Hall
for Robbing a Cat
tle King's Wife.
She Met Him in a Resort
and Became Infatuated
With Him.
Induced to Visit His Room She
Is Promptly Relieved of
Her Property.
EVIDENCE OF HIS' GUILT.
Sad Experience of MrS* Alverson,
Who Lately Arrived From
Montana.
Frank Hall, alias Hartman, who
claims to be a remittance man, was
arrested yesterday morning by Officer
Brophy and locked up in the tanks
pending an investigation. He is ac
cused of stealing 5295 in gold, a check
for 5500, a gold watch and chain and a
diamond brooch from a woman named
Mrs. Alverson, who claims to be the
wife of a Montana cattle king.
According to her story, she met Hall
in a resort at Eddy and Mason streets,
and, at his invitation, she accompanied
him to a room on Post street. During
the night, she claims, he took hermoney
and jewelry and disappeared.
She at once notified the police with
the result that her alleged despoiler
was taken in custody. When searched
at the City Prison all the stolen prop
erty was found in the possession of
Hall. After learning of Hall's arrest
Mrs. Alverson refused to prosecute
him.
"I would jump into the bay first,"
she remarked; "my husband would kill
me if he h->ard of my disgrace."
BOUND FOR DUTCH HARBOR.
After many delays the ship Slntram finally got away for the north In tow of the tug Fearless yesterday. She
has four stern wheel steamers and six barges aboard that are to be put together when the vessel reaches Dutch Har
bor. They are for the Alaska Exploration Company and are for use on the Yukon River.
Hall or Hartman tells an entirely
different story. He says that he and
a friend were enjoying the perform
ance at the Olympic Theater when
Mrs. Alverson who was seated at a
table, sent him a card which bore the
name of May Wright.
"I want to see you," she wrote; par
don my familiarity."
Hall at once joined her, and they had
several rounds of drinks at her ex
pense. After leaving the theater Mrs.
Alverson, he claims, gave him her
purse, diamond brooch and gold
watch.
"I know they are safe with you,
dear," he says she remarked as she
handed him her valuables; "take care
of them until I eet sober."
On reaching the room, the prisoner
says, Mr 3. Alverson sent him out for a
bottle of brandy. Going to a saloon
near by he met a friend, who asked him
to accompany him to the Cafe Royal.
A short time afterward Policeman
Brophy appeared and placed him under
arrest. As the woman positively re
fuses to prosecute Hall the police in
tend to release him to-day.
Some time ago Hall was suspected of
stealing $10 from a guest at the Bald
win. As the latter would not swear to
a complaint against him he Avas given
his liberty.
Cook's Case Continued.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and dismissed the charge of unoffl
cerlikc conduct preferred against Officer
Aitken. He was accused of assaulting J.
Moreland while the latter was attending
the late Mining Fair. The evidence
.showed that the policeman merely
"shoved" Moreland in order to make a
space for some chairs. Owing to the ab
sence of Attorney Kugene Bert the case
of Patrolman .James Cook, charged with
ill treating James Bond, a clerk In a
south of Market lodging house, was con
tinued for one week.
. . __ ■ m ■ — ■■. : ;
Arrested for Contempt of Court.
As Frank Lee Gift left Judge Camp
bell's court, where he had been on trial
for battery yesterday morning, he was
served with a warrant charging him with
contempt of court, and was taken to the
County Jail. Two years ago Gift was
divorced from his wife, and Judge Slack
awarded the woman $30 per month ali
mony. This was paid until last May
when on account of illness Gift was com
pelled to give up his position with the
railroad company. He left town soon af
terwards and returned only a few weeks
ago. The charge of battery was placed
against him by his wife and her attor
ney, F. A. Smithson. Gift says he is
guilty of battery against Smithson, but
not against his wife. He will probably
contest the contempt case and attempt
to prove that his wife has been guilty
of misconduct, though he says he is
averse to riphtinp the mother of his son.
OYAMA KENICHI.
Desperate Effort to Prevent Extradi
tion of the Little Brown Man
Accused of Forgery.
Attorney Thomas D. Riordan is making
a desperate attempt to prevent the extra
dition of Oyama Kenichi, the Japanese
who was arrested on his arrival here on
a charge of having secured 15.000 yen, or
$7500, in Japan by means of a forged pa
per. About half that sum' was found on
the person of the Jap when he was taken
into custody by the United States Mar
shal, and this sum was seized by the au
thorities as evidence and as the suspected
proceeds of the allowed crime.
L. H. Webb appeared for the Japanese
Government, and was backed up by the
presence of Mr. Segawa, secretary to the
Japanese Consulate In this city, before
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday morning. The papers put in
evidence on behalf of the Japanese Gov
ernment were objected to by Mr. Riordan
on every p.ossil>l<- ground of informality,
irrelevancy end immateriality. The trans
lation of the papers, some being in
Japanese and others In French, was con-*
tended to be Inaccurate, and Mr. Segawa
was required on the cross-examirtation
to give an offhand translation of one of
them, in which he did very poorly, owing
to his meager knowledge of English. The
examination will be resumed at half-past
10 o'clock this morning.
Left the Board of Unemployed.
San Francisco, March 14, 1898.
Kindly take notice that the under
| signed, members of the executive board
i of the Unemployed Men and Women of
i San Francisco, now engaged in securing
subscriptions for a free labor bureau,
\ have decided to discontinue our connec
j tion with the work of the board, and
i have therefore resigned from said raem
berahtp. The moneys so far contributed
j have been, we believe, judiciously ex
! pended. Very respectfully,
E. W. THURMAN,
GEORGE A. LAFAYETTE,
J. K. PHILLIPS.
The Spanish Armada consisted of 132
ships, SIW cannon. 8768 Bailors, 2088 galley
slaves, 21,5f)5 soldiers and 1256 volunteers.
THE SINTRAM
SAILS AT LAST
After Many Delays She
Finally Gets Away for
Dutch Harbor.
Harbor Commissioner Rudolph
Herold Takes His Seat
on the Board.
Colonel Chedbourns Retire* Into
Private Life After Four Years
of Service.
The tug Fearless, with the ship Slntram
in tow, finally got away for Dutch Har
bor yesterday afternoon. All the Sin
tram's passengers congregated on the
deckhouses aft and waved a frantic good
by to their friends on the various
wharves. They greeted the passengers
on the ferry steamer Newark with three
cheers and the captain of the ferryboat
answered them with three toots of the
whistle. Every steamer along the front
blew a farewell whistle to the Fearless as
she passed along, and Captain Clem Ran
dall was kept busy answering their sig
nals. It will be a long tow to Dutch Har
bor and no one will be better pleased
than the crew of the Fearless when it is
over.
The steamer Humboidt got away for
Dyea and Skaguay yesterday with every
passenger she is allowed by law to carry
aboard and a full cargo. During the ex
citement of leave taking one of the pas
sengers lost his balance and fell over
bourd. His sweetheart, who was on the
wharf, promptly fainted, and when she
came -to her senses her lover had been
fished out of the bay and the Humboidt
was backing away from the wharf.
The schooner Sadie has made a record
run from Umpqua to San Diego. She
covered the distance in 3 days 14 hours,
and made the round trip in 17 days.
Alexander Roseborough, who has been
wharlinger at Washington and Clay
street wharves for a couple of years, re
signed his position yesterday and his
brother, J. J. Koseborough, was appoint
ed in his stead. Alec is going to the
Klondike in search of a fortune.
W. Eaton, the owner of the yacht Frol
ic, was one of the sufferers by the recent
storm. His gasoline launch, which was
tied up at Sausalito, went adrift during
the norther and the supposition is that
she turned over and sank, as she has not
been seen since.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day afternoon and Kudolph Herold Jr.
took the seat vacated by Colonel F. S.
Chadbourne, the retiring Commissioner.
Colonel Chadbourne retires with the es
teem and goodwill of everybody connect
ed with the shipping interests of San
Francisco. To him is due the credit of
East street being the model thoroughfare
of the city, and to him are due many of
the improvements that have been made
in the plans of the new ferry depot. From
the commission Colonel Chadbourne goes
to the Alaska-Yukon Transportation
Company as director and controller, and
he will also be general manager of the
San Francisco Transfer Company. Hia
first-class business training will stand
these companies in good stead when he
takes hold of the reins.
Mr. Herold's friends made the board
room gay with flowers in honor of his ap
pointment. A beautiful anchor made of
red carnations around which was woven
a coil of manila rope was placed on his
desk, and in other parts of the room
there were wreaths and bouquets galore.
Mr. Herold promises to be a very popular
Commissioner.
MORE SCHOOLS DEMANDED.
West of Castro Improvement Club
Enters Its Protest Against the
Board.
Richmond district is evidently not the
only section of the city that has a griev
ance against the management', or rather
th€- mismanagement, of the Board of Ed
ucation in so far as that body has made
provisions for the outside growing sec
tions of the city's population. West of
Castro, a comparatively newly settled
section of the city, has increased in resi
dents to that extent that at the present
time the members of the Improvement
Club claim there are 400 children of school
ago deprived of an education because
there are n<j school buildings in which
they can be accommodated.
The Lick School building, which Is lo
cated on Twenty-fifth and Noe streets, is
so overcrowded that it became necessary
for the Board of EMucation to rent two
old stores as primary departments of the
school.
One of these was found to be so unfit
for the use for which it was rented that
it had to be abandoned. There was no
flooring in the old rookery, and the chil
dren's feet werg* made to rest on the
cold, wet earth. Colds and sickness fol
lowed this condition of affairs, and the
present board hired another store farther
away from the center of the settled dis
trict, where the children, or such of them
as can be packed into the building, are
provided for. At Twenty-fourth and Cas
tro streets is another store rented for the
smaller children. Neither of these places
is suitable for the use for which they
are occupied, as they are draughty and
cold, with no proper ventilation.
The club, at its last meeting, discussed
the condition of affairs in this respect,
but it was deemed best to take no posi
tive action at present, as any complaints
made received no attention from the
members of the board.
A strong petition will, however, be pre
sented to the Supervisors before the next
tax levy is made for a sufficient appro
priation with which schoolhouses may be
built for the accommodation of the chil
dren in the district next year.
Another cause of grievance debated by
the club members is that of no lights in
the district. They have asked for two
electric lamps in the vicinity of Twenty
third street and Hoff avenue. The ex
pense of running the wires into this sec
tion is a mere trifle as the company has
poles to within a few hundred feet of the
place.
After sundown this section is as dark
as the most distant part of the north
pole in the month of January. But this
would be overlooked as comnared with
the disadvantage of having the children
deprived of an education by reason of no
proper buildings.
HARD PUNCHING
AMATEUR BOXERS
Three Entertainments This
Week to Decide Cham-
pionships.
The Kxcelsior, Jefferson and Western
Clubs Will Introduce Their
Best Talent.
Amateur athletic clubs are springing
up like April mushrooms in various parts
of the city. What Is now known as the
Western Addition Athletic Club was or
ganized a few evenings ago at 1427 Eddy
street. It has a membership of 150 sport
lovers, who purpose having entertain
ments each month, consisting of boxing,
wrestling, etc. The club has consolidated
with the California Swimming Club, and
natatorial contests will be held during the
summer months.
The club's instructors are: R. B. Cor
nell, champion middle-weight wrestler,
and J. Dennis, professor of boxing. The
inaugural entertainment will be held next
Saturday evening, and the programme
reaas: Wrestling between Cornell and
Hildebrandt; boxing between Sullivan
and McCue, Burnette and Schultz, Meyer
and Smith and others; singing by the
California Swimming Club quartet. The
club's officers are: Preiident, S. G. Pul
len; viee-presiuent, H. D. Hill; recording
secretary, J. C. Giles; financial secretary,
F. Burnett; treasurer, J. Dennis. Direct
ors—R. B. Cornell, W. Blackhorn, G.
O'Brien, H. English, E. Chase, C. John
son and G. Christene. •
The popular Excelsior Athletic Club will
give another first-class athletic entertain
ment this evening on Folsom' street, near
Eighth. The programme of events has
already been published in The Call. Suf
ficient to say that the members can count
upon a good evening's sport.
The Jefferson Athletic Club will give a
boxing entertainment on Friday evening
in Mowry's Hall, Grove and Laguna
streets. The event of the evening will con
sist of an eight-round bout for a trophy
between Charles Conway of the Jeffer
sons and James Reilly of the Excelsior
Athletic Club.
The officers of the Jefferson Club are:
President. J. -. Siivey; vice-president, W.
F. Burke; financial secretary J. H.
Kelly; treasurer, F. G. Falls; captain, A.
Magnus; sergeant-at-arms, J. McCor
maok; directors— T. Riordan, H. B. Hil
ton, A. Eisner, J. F. Brennan. T. C. W.i
son and IL J. Mulcrevy. Apart from the
boxing events, the club will also afford
the members an opportunity of witness
ing some clever wrestling bouts.
M. Haley of Washington, D. C. writes
The Call that he will deposit $1000 at any
time and place as a forfeit to back P.
Reidy of Washington against any
white pugilist in America weighing 158
pounds at the ringside, for a limited con
test or a finish fight, McCoy or Dan
Creedon preferred, the contest to take
place in San Francisco before any of the
popular clubs. Ji Haley is sincere in his
proposition to back his choice to the tune
of $1000 he must mean business. Possibly
the Olympic Club will give Reilly a
match with Mexican Pete.
Griffo, the erratic Australian pugilist,
left tins city last Sunday for Red Bluff,
where he will meet Young Peter
on the 26th inst. in a twelve-round con
test. Douglas tone of Red Bluff, it is
said, will wager $1000 on Jackson whip
ping the clever Australian.
Dick Williams' Trial.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday set April 12 as the date of
the trial of Richard S. Williams, a cus
toms inspector, who was convicted on
September 3. 1596. of blackmailing Chinese
in his official capacity. Williams was sen
tenced to six years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary at San Quentin, but he was
granted a new trial by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Margins Are Illegal.
Charles P. Harris, the broker under In
dictment for embezzling 100 shares of Po
tosl stock, the property of George O.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ♦
«+•+©+•+©+•+©+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•
Ihave you health?!
• +
+ c
Jlt Is the Beginning of All Happiness— Dr. Sanden's +
© Electric Belt Will Give It to You. \;
O HI health robs us of all that is enjoyable in life. To the nervous woman +
£ and the debilitated man there is no real happiness. All pleasures are flat, dull *
9 pastime. The mind is gloomy, and what makes the strong man joyous causes •"
+ the weak man to feel disgusted with* himself. It is so with women. The J
+ loss of nerve strength is the loss of the best in life. +
| Dr. Sanden's Belt Brings Joy. +
J This great invigorator has cured 10,000 weak men and women during the £
+ last three years. It saturated the weak nerves with electrical energy. "Energy" +
• is life, spirit, happiness, ambition. You can have it. •
If you are not strong and well, be you man or woman, Dr. Sanden will g
+ send you a book, for either sex, free, that will show you the way to happi- +
5 ness, confidence and health. Get it to-day. J
? SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., •» ■*'».y li r Ifii1 fii ?
9 Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1. Branchos at Los Angeles. Cal., 9
4- JO4V, South Broadway: Portland. »>r., 263 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth +
a btreet; Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street. A
T NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 632 Market street. 7
Davis, was acquitted yesterday by In
struction of Judge Wallace. It was proved
during the trial that tho stock was
bought on a margin. Judge Wallace held
that all marginal transactions were
illegal, and on that ground instructed the
jury to acquit. Harris may now be tried
on an indictment charging him with em
bezzling the money placed in his handa
for the purchase of the stock.
INTERPRETATION
WAS AT FAULT
Judge Low's Idea of Law
and Order Receives
Criticism.
Attorneys Agree That Children Should
Receive the Protection of
the Courts.
Judge Low's interpretation of the law
in regard to the admission of minor chil
dren into saloons and the fine imposed
upon a saloon-keeper who had been con
victed of allowing children to visit his
saloon has aroused considerable comment,
and without an exception the legal fra
ternity who have been questioned on the
matter agree that the Judge is very
much in error in Kie matter.
Peter Bokoriska had been convicted of
allowing minor children to visit his re
sort on Mission street and was lined the
small sum of $5. T».e fact that the pro
prietor of the rather questionable resort
has been in court on many previous occa
sions and that the Police Commissioners
agreed to cancel his license when he again
appeared for its renewal did not seem 10
bother the interpreter of the law, and the
prisoner at the bar was allowed to escape
with a fine of $v.
There is a State law which covers both
the sale of liquors to minor children and
the prohibition of their visiting saloons
and public resorts, as well as places open
to public view, and again a municipal or
der has been passed which prohibits the
children from visaing all public places
where any game of chance is in progress.
The State law imposes a line of from $100
to *000, whereas the municipal law allow*
the Judge to even more severe, and a
fine for the conviction of such an offens*
may be a fine from the minimum limit
placed by the btate law to $UHw in the dis
cretion of the Judge before whom the
case may be tried.
All attorneys agree that although the
fine is increase above the State law in
the municipal order, it is not in order that
the fine wnich may be imposed upon a
convicted individual shall ua placed at a
lower figure than that nxed upon by tho
State statute.
It has been clearly shown by many
well-known attorneys and members of the
bench that the Ju~ge either misinter
preted the meaning of the law or was not
conversant with it. The reading of the
two statutes is plain to all, and it is
thought to be a remarkable decision
which has allowed a man convicted of
allowing a minor to visit his place of
business and then after conviction to es
cape the clutches of justice by depositing
in the city treasury a mere pittance.
The ordinances follow:
The State law, which was approved March 11.
1831, states under section 1 that every person
who sells or gives or causes to be delivered to
any minor child, male or female, under the
age of 18 years, any intoxicating drink In any
quantity whatsoever, or who, as proprietor or
manager of any saloon or public house where
Intoxicating liquors are sold, permits any such
minor child under the age of IS years to visit
such saloon or public house where Intoxicating
ii'iuors are sold, for the purpose of gambling,
playing cards, billiards, pool, or any game of
chance shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor, and shall, upon conviction thereof, be
punished by a fine of not less than $100 nor
more than $300, and in default of payment of
said fine shall be imprisoned in the County
Jail for a period of not less than 100 days.
Order Board of Supervisors. Xo. i 624, section
I— lt shall be unlawful within the city and
county of San Francisco for any proprietor,
keeper, bartender, clerk or any other person
having the charge or control of any saloon,
barroom, billiard-room or poolroom, or of any
other public place or place open to public view,
to permit any person under the age of IS
years to play or engage in or be present at
any game of billiards, pool or cards, and it
shall likewise be unlawful Tor any person un
der the age of 18 years to play or engage in
or be present at any game of billiards, pool or
of cards in any public place or place open to
public view within the city and county of San
Francisco.
Penalty: Section 2— Any person who shall
violate any cf the provisions of this order
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
a fine of not more than $1000 or by Imprison
ment in the County Jail for not more than six
months, or by both.
POST BOADS.
An Important Point Raised by the
Sunset Telegraph and Tele
phone Company.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
granted a preliminary injunction yester
day against the Trustees of the town of
Vallejo, restraining them from prevent
ing the erection of telephone and tele
graph wires and poles in that city by the
Sunset Telegraph and Telephone Com
pany.
The contention of the Sunset Company
is that it is doing the work, not under
any franchise granted by the town of
Vallejo, but under a contract with the
Postmaster-General and authorized by
Congress for the erection of postal tele
graph lines for postal and military pur
poses, and that the streets of Vallejo are
open post roads of the United States.
The point raised is a novel one. and its
decision will materially affect the rights
and privileges of telegraph and telephone
companies all over the United States.
56
TUESDAY '.MARCH 15. 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) is
served by carriers In tr)is city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Mysterious Mr Bugrle."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— "Town Topics."
Alcazar— "The District Attorney. *
Moro6co*B— "The English Ross."
TlToll-"The Geisha- 11
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenolor y-
Golden Gate Hall— "Cupid In California." to-morrow night.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium -Violin Recital to-morrow night.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chl<julia and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.-
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield This day, March 15. Furniture, at
425 O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton, Eldrh re &. Co.— Wednesday. March 16, Horses,
Wlfons, etc. ot wftt Battery atreet. at 12 o'clock.
THE EFFICACY OF "RIOTS."
AT the First Presbyterian Church of Oakland on
Sunday the Rev. Robert F. Coyle made a point
in connection with the late "demonstration"
over fixing water rates in that city which merits more
than a passing glance. The learned doctor consid
ered the attempt of the people to make it warm for
the Councilmen who sold them to the water combine
as exceedingly reprehensible, and he declared that
the very persons who became riotously indignant
over the passage of the water order were responsible
for electing the Council. In other words, he con
sidered it a case of the people placing a lot of bood
lers in office and then grumbling because they were
corrupt.
Perhaps the view taken of the affair by Dr. Coyle
cannot be controverted. He seems to have analyzed
the situation exactly. The people of Oakland did
elect the boodlers, and it is in evidence that they
rioted when they found they had been sold to the
water combine. But, in our opinion, the learned
gentleman in fixing responsibility upon the people of
Oakland did not descend to first principles. If the
people are not to riot in cases like this what are they
to do? Nobody knew the boodlers before election
or understood their game. They all represented
themselves to be honest men, and each and every
one promised, if elected, to do his duty. The people
of Oakland undoubtedly voted for them upon the
strength of these representations.
The "riotous conduct" which Dr. Coyle so serious
ly reprehends, therefore, proceeded from anger, not
from a desire to escape responsibility. Having been
deceived, the people of Oakland adopted a boisterous
method of manifesting themselves. What else could
they do? Should they sit down quietly and say,
"Dear, dear, dear, how dreadful! Next time we will
elect honest men." How are the people to know
honest men when they see them? Take "Stringless"
Woodward for example. He has been protesting his
honesty ever since the "wah," and there was a gene
ral belief that he would be ahovc temptation. Yet
no sooner is he appointed Councilman than he goes
over, body, bag and breeches, to the water combine.
What would Dr. Coyle have the people do with
pompous old frauds like this Grand Army pretender?
Send them to a reformatory?
Of course, riots are always bad. Their effect on
communities is destructive of social order and sub
versive of la-A\ But they are the only things, except
over-ripe eggs, which make any impression upon
legislative boodlers. If Councilmen, Supervisors
and legislators who sell their constituents to corpora
tions could be rotten-egged or mobbed every time
they are caught at the work, in time, perhaps, they
might be educated up to the danger of deceiving the
people. Eggs are to be preferred to riots, but we are
not disposed to quarrel with the people of Oakland
over the methods they adopted of manifesting their
dislike in the cases of these Councilmen. They might
have considered eggs too mild for "Stringless"
Woodward and his pals.
Of course the man who shot a friend for attempt
ing to play footpad was promptly acquitted. A citi
zen who shoots a footpad hardly does the community
a greater service than the citizen who removes the
sort of jolfer who conceives that to pretend to be a
Jootpad is funny.
Robert G. Ingersoll says that had the Maine be
longed to England, France, Germany or Russia,
Morro Castle would have been reduced by bombard
ment before now, which, being true, argues that this
is not particularly a jingo nation.
The theory of hypnotism, sometimes gibed at by
the practical, would seem to embody the only plea
the Harbor Commissioners can advance for the
manner in which they have allowed contractors to
make puppets of them.
It would please the people of this country to have
the battle-ship lowa sent to Havana. There is no
probability that the Spanish would blow it up, and it
might awe them to a condition of politeness.
When two policemen engage in a public brawl
which lands them both in jail, the supposition that
at least one of them should have his star taken away
would seem to have a substantial basis.
Probably it is an error to say that Spain believes
in the theory of an inside explosion. She is merely
asserting that she believes it, which is quite a differ
ent matter.
If Spain ever shall undertake to drive the United
States from the seas a proper spirit of reciprocity
would drive Spain off the earth.
A word of explanation as to why a Chilean ship
ever happened to be named "O'Higgins" would not
be devoid of interest.
The Cuban with an impulse to play traitor would
make a poor insurance risk.
WAR AND ANNEXATION.
HE annexationists have pretended to take heart
and "hope out of the prospect of a war with
Spain. In such event they say our possession
of the islands for military purposes is of first import
ance. But why? If we take them we must defend
them. The self-examination into our defensive con
ditions which has been forced by the Maine incident
and its consequences has found us lacking in ade
quate defense of what we have already. We lack
ships, guns, powder and trained men. To get them
means a large expenditure. The $50,000,000 appro
priated by Congress is to the extent of $20,000,000 in
expenditure already, and the whole sum will not even
put us on a proper peace footing, to say nothing of a
preparation for war.
As we have often pointed out, we are supported
by both Captain Mahan and General Schofield in
saying that to provide a naval squadron and land
fortifications to defend Hawaii against the weakest
of the sea powers will cost as much as all the rest
of our national defenses.
England's weakness now is in her distant colonies.
That same weakness is what is destroying Spain. The
latter power could defend herself against a European
coalition for less than her expenditures in the appar
ently futile effort to retain Cuba and the Philippines.
Peace is the normal condition of this country; war
is the abnormal. Our continental position and pos
sessions are invulnerable, when we are ordinarily
prudent. Hawaii brings to us weakness and not
strength. In every diplomatic crisis the islands will
be our sore and undefended toe, stuck out to be
tramped on. They inevitably involve us in those
foreign complications which it is our highest policy
to avoid. Our right interest in them is wholly in
their independence and neutrality.
The talk of war with Spain all arises in the demand
among us that Cuba be given autonomy, and what
infuriating logic it is to insist that to compel Spain
to give the Cubans autonomy we must take it away
from the Hawaiians. If the same argument were
made about Mexico, for instance, how absurd w r ould
it appear and how lacking in justification!
Again, the appearance of dissensions in the present
Government of Hawaii is given as a fresh reason
why the treaty should be ratified. We have had in>
ternal dissensions in this country. How would we
have looked upon a joint declaration by the rest oi
the world that they gave the nations the right to
interfere in our affairs, destroy our autonomy and
cut us up between them, like a carcass hacked for
hounds.
In brief, the prospect of war with c pain or any
other power is an added reason why we should insist
that Hawaii is to be the neutral and independent
Switzerland of the seas. Let her people and their
leaders adjust to themselves a Government suited to
their moral and physical conditions, to the peculiar
needs of their leading industries and their labor sys
tem. They will then never know the affliction of
external war, and may develop on such lines as are
projected from their individual genius and their
capacity to maintain civil institutions.
AMERICAN EXPOSITIONS.
ACCORDING to the latest reports from Omaha
thirty-five States have now organized and
taken steps to provide exhibits at the exposi
tion to be opened this summer. Several of these
exhibits are to be aided by liberal appropriations
made by the State Legislatures. This is notably the
case with respect to the exhibits of States which be
long to the same section of the Union as Nebraska.
The people of those commonwealths recognize that
the exposition is in its nature an interstate affair,
which will attract attention to the whole of that re
gion of the Missouri Valley, and are resolved to
have their portion of it presented as fav> rably as any
other.
The fact that thirty-five States are to be repre
sented at the exposition by organized State effort is
an evidence of the value which the Eastern people
have learned to place upon such exhibits. Although
nearly every year sees an interstate exposition held
in some part of the East, the people, so far from
tiring of them, seem to grow more and more inter
ested. This can be due to but one fact. Experience
must have proved that such undertakings are bene
ficial to all who take part in them. On no other
hypothesis can we account for the large displays
made in Atlanta so soon after Chicago; then at Nash
ville and now at Omaha.
What has been found beneficial in the East cannot
prove otherwise in the West. If expositions arc so
profitable that two of them can be held in the same
section of the Union in such swift succession as that
which brought the fair at Nashville to follow the one
at Atlanta, it is fair to assume that an exposition of
the Golden West to follow the one at Omaha would
prove as profitable as any of them, and possibly by
reason of the greater novelty of the exhibits more
profitable.
The one danger to be guarded against is that of
delay in beginning preparations. The only ambitious
undertaking in the way of an exposition on this
coast was that of the Midwinter Fair, and in that en
terprise everything had to be done in haste. A nota
ble success was accomplished under the circum
stances, but nothing like what would have been
achieved if two years of time had been allowed the
managers in arranging the scope of the fair and the
exhibitors in preparing to make a display of their
goods.
A prompt start gives advantage in many ways. We
should have our enterprise so far advanced as to be
able to make such a showing of money subscribed
by the time Congress assembles next winter that we
can obtain an appropriation for assistance in the
work. San Francisco at any rate should set to work
early. When the interstate convention invited by
Governor Budd assembles the delegates from this
city will be expected to take the lead. If they do not
those of some other city will, and San Francisco will
have lost the exposition.
SPANISH PRIVOTEERS.
IT is reported from Madrid that Spanish officials
are of the opinion that in case of war the United
States would suffer more than Spain. Their argu
ment is that the war would be conducted mainly by
privateering, and, as the United States has more
ships to lose than Spain, the chances of war would
be against us. That this view is widely held among
the Spaniards cannot be doubted, since it is only a
short time ago Senor Mendez de Vigo, Spanish
Embassador at Berlin, made the significant state
ment that as Spain did not sign the treaty of Paris
in 1856 she therefore has a right without violating
treaty obligations to strike a terrible blow at Ameri
can commerce.
A war of privateering, however, would not be so
wholly one-sided as the Spanish officials seem to
think We might and probably would lose some of
out ships and suffer a considerable loss in the busi
ness done by our commercial marine in case of war,
but the loss would be but a gadfly sting to the nation
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
as a whole. Moreover, due account would be kept
r.f every American ship destroyed, of every dollar of
excessive insurance imposed on our commerce by
reason of danger of Spanish privateers, and at the
closing of the war Spain would have to pay the bill.
It ii not likely, moreover, that the loss which pri
vateers could inflict upon us would be great. The
puimy days of privateering are over. No neutral
nation would harbor a privateer or furnish it with
munitions of war. It would have to find its base of
supplies in some Spanish port, and our navy would
soon make the entrance to those ports very danger
oui to any privateer that might venture to try it.
It hardly needed these warning utterances from
Spanish officials to put us on guard against priva
teers if war should come. That method of warfare
was to be expected of the Spaniards. It is charac
teristic of the nation to fight in that manner. Even
in the war for national defense against Napoleon
they left him in possession of the field, the cities and
the open country, and maintained their contest
wholly by guerrilla bands hiding in the fastnesses of
the mountains and venturing forth only when they
had an opportunity to cut off a French force that
had rashly moved away from the main army.
Guerrillas on land are' naturally privateers by sea.
If we fight Spain we must fight on those lines. There
will be no big battles either by land or sea, unless we
can get the Spanish in a corner some way. We must
therefore prepare to meet an assault of privateers
upon our merchantmen rather than of warships
against warships, and fortunately we will be able to
do this without a greater loss than Spain can be made
to pay after the war is over.
McKINLEY'S FIRST YEAR.
NO President since the time of Lincoln entered
office under more adverse circumstances than
McKinley. The campaign which preceded his
election was one of more than ordinary bitterness,
and threatened to engender antagonisms which would
outlast the term of his Presidency. The business of
the country, which had been bad for Tour years, was
still stagnant. The revenues were deficient, and a
drain of gold from the treasury was imminent. His
political opponents had belittled him as "Mark
Hanna's man," had denounced him as the "agent of
trusts" and had shown every evidence of an intention
to harass his administration and assail his personal
character incessantly so long aj he remained in office.
He has just completed the first year of his term and
already he has won the confidence of the whole peo
ple as completely as he had won that of his party be
fore he was nominated. Although his party had con
trol of but one house of Congress, the Senate having
a free silver majority and being opposed to his finan
cial policy, he has succeeded in bringing about the
enactment of a tariff which has restored industry, re
vived trade and provided the treasury once more
with an income equal to the needs of the country.
He has harmonized factions, removed all causes of
dissension in the ranks of his own party, and has even
succeeded in inducing the generally obstructive
Democratic and Populist minority in the House to
act with discretion. His appointments to office have
given satisfaction to the people. His speeches and
his messages to Congress have had the effect of al
laying apprehensions and encouraging the business
interests of the country to enter with confidence upon
new enterprises, and, in short, all the acts of his offi
cial life have been of * nature tn silence demagogues,
put an end to agitations and restore the republic to
its normal condition of har: ;ony and well-ordered
prosperity.
The President is now reaping the reward of his
statesmanship, his tact and his patriotism. He enjoys
the fullest confidence of Congress and the country.
His political opponents tfiave ceased to vilify him.
The mugwumps have censed to sneer at him. No
one now disputes his pre-eminence in the administra
tion or denies that he is better fitted for his high
office than any man who has occupied it for a long
time.
Whatever may come in the future, It will not be
denied that the first year of McKinley's term has
been one of brilliant administrative success. He has
demonstrated his ability to conduct with wisdom the
complex affairs of home politics, and is now trusted
implicitly in the management of every detail of the
crisis with Spain. This is a notable victory to have
been won in a single year under such circumstances.
The people have reason to be gratified that they have
such a President at this juncture. It is a potent factor
on our side in the controversy with Spain since it
unites the people for action as they could never have
been united under the Presidency of a less tactful
and resourceful man.
A man named Freeman came to town with a little
money, out of which he was promptly bunkoed. He
went to the rescue of the confidence operator, who
rewarded him by bunkoing him a second time. Mr.
Freeman does not seem to be one of the ordinary
suckers who are born every minute. He was evi
dently born twice a minute.
Congressman Smith, who is now engaged in sub
jugating the Spanish at space rates, portrays the va
liant manner in which, armed only with an umbrella
and a consciousness of patriotism, he put five Cas
tilian soldiers to flight. The incident ought to be a
lesson. Let the army be equipped with umbrellas.
There comes from Cuba no rumor of threat to ex
pel the Senators and Congressmen parading down
there as correspondents, and yet their impertinence
ought to be rebuked in some way.
The German artillery has been remodeled and the
French have nearly equipped themselves with new
guns. The German change cost $50,000,000. Their
gun is three inches and the French three and flve
elghths. The rFench is a quick-firing breech-loader
and shoots ten shots a minute. Two of these guns
are equal to a battery of six of the kind with which
our army is now armed. The rapid fire necessitates
two ammunition wagons with each gun and greatly
increases both the cost of the gun and the difficulty
of keeping it supplied in the field. The new French
guns cost $10,000 a gun, with 1000 rounds a gun. The
sooner our ordnance department begins on a quick
firing gun the better. The change antiquates our
artillery and leaves it where the armament of half
our fleet is to-day— hopelessly o-ut of date.—Philadel
phia Press.
When the managers of the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad cut the wages of trainmen and switch
men in 1893 they promised to restore them when the
earnings were equal to those of 1892. That period
has arrived, and the wages will be restored, yet
there are those like Mr. Bryan who insist that busi
ness has not perceptibly improved since he was nom
inated in 1896.— Indianapolis Journal.
When the clearings of the banks in seventy-seven
cities were 51 per cent larger in the February just
closed than in February, 1597, and 73 per cent above
the February of 1894, no Intelligent man who cares
for his reputation will make himself conspicuous In
the ranks of the howlers of calamity.— lndianapolis
Journal.
MODERN ARTILLERY.
PROOF OF PROSPERITY.
HOW BUSINESS GROWS.
THE PROBLEM OF IRRIGATION IN CALIFORNIA
California seems now to be standing at !
the portals of an unusually dry season. I
The situation forces consideration of the
need for Irrigation development over
large areas of the State. Great as is this
need, we are conf routed with the fact
that unless a general public Interest in
the solution of the great problem is
aroused no solution will be found and no
progress made.
Irrigation development by private capi
tal has practically reached its limit.
There are very few localities where new
L propositions can be found warranting its
Investment. The only solution of the
problem is through State and national ac
tion. California is big enough to bring
about either or both if her people could
be aroused to their importance, and to a
; full realization of the fact that the irriga
tion district system is a delusion and a
disastrous and hopeless failure, and that
its continuance merely makes certain the
stagnation of Irrigation development.
Enough water never can be had for the
irrigation of the Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys except through the construc
tion of storage reservoirs in the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains. Yet San Francisco must
look to the settlement of these great val
leys for her future growth, and it be
hooves her to give attention to their de
velopment.
If Congress would act upon the recom
mendations of Captain Hiram M. Chit
tenden of the United States Corps of En
gineers, in his recent report submitted as
the result of his labors and investigations
under the Congressional appropriation
made for the location and survey of res
ervoir sites in Colorado and Wyoming, a
policy would be adopted by the Federal
Government which would bring about the
construction of the storage reservoirs in
the Sierra Nevada Mountains necessary
to furnish enough water for the irriga
tion of the great interior valleys of this
State.
Beyond and separate from the project
of Federal storage reservdlrS' solely to
conserve flood waters is the movement
looking to the reclamation of the arid
public lands through the construction by
the Federal Government itself of the ir
rigation works necessary for their recla
mation. The Irrigation Congress has de
clared in favor of this, Governor Myron
H. McCord of Arizona strongly urges it
in his last annual report, and the move
ment is fast gaining strength. California
has an enormous interest in it. There are
millions of acres of arid public lands in
this State which never can and never will
be reclaimed in any other way. The arid
public domain in San Diego, Riverside,
an Bernardino and Los Angeles counties
is a vast empire in itself, a desolate des
ert now, but capable if irrigated of sus
taining a teeming population.
California should lead in an active or
ganization and agitation to push the
adoption of this policy by the Federal
Government. Every paper in the State
every political party— every California
Senator and Congressman — every cham
ber of commerce or organization of any
kind having for its purpose the promotion
of general prosperity, should be vigorous
ly and actively advocating the adoption
of this broad policy by the Federal Gov
ernment.
No general public Interest has been as
yet awakened in reference to these pro
jects for Federal reservoirs and irrigation
works, which are of such far-reaching
importance to me State of California. A
start has been made, however, by the re
cent organization at San Diego of an as
sociation called "The Irrigation Propa
ganda," having for its object the awaken
ing of public interest in this great and vi
tal subject, and branches of this organi
zation will soon be lormed In other places.
They should be organized in every town
and city in California and include every
one who actively desires to promote X its
progress and permanent prosperity.
If for no other reason, such an organi
zation should be formed to fight the gii
gantic steal now incubating for ceding
unconditionally to the States all that re
mains of the arid public domain—
ing the whole 100,000,000 acres of lands sus
ceptible of reclamation by Irrigation. To
cede these lands unconditionally to the
States would result In their passing in a
few years, through the corruption of
State Legislatures, into the hands of
speculators and range owners, and the
hope of prosperity for the ' whole "West
which now lies in their reclamation by
the Federal Government and their sale in
small subdivisions to actual settlers and
home builders would be gone for genera
tions—perhaps forever, for once dedicated
to the cowboy and the cattle ranee in pri
vate ownership, their reclamation and
settlement would probably never be ac
complished.
The Phoenix irrigation congress de
clared for a principle as to State cession
whlcn the whole American people should
unite to uphold: " --.
"Resolved. That we favor the cession of
the public lands of the nation to the re
spective States or Territories only upon
conditions so strict that they will insure
the settlement of such lands by actual
settlers in small tracts and absolutely
prevent their monopoly in large bodies
under private ownership." £
To cede them absolutely would be a
crime against the people of the nation.
But while public attention is diverted by
the possibility of a foreign war the pro
moters of this monstrous robbery of the
people, hidden under the guise of State
cession, are active, the House Committee
on Public Lands has just reported favor
ably the Shafroth bill, and the steal may
go through in this Congress if the people
do not wake up and prevent it.
In addition to Federal storage reser
voirs and irrigation works, we must have
some plan devised to take the place of
the irrigation district system and to re
lieve the conditions of disaster that exist
wherever there is such a district, and put
California in line for an onward move
ment in the development of her mineral
resources which will follow the subdi
vision and settlement of her arid lands,
which is Impossible without irrigation.
There can be no doubt that a State Ir
rigation system could be devised which
would do "away with all the defects of
the present district system, and under
which the disasters in the districts could
be relieved. The way to get such a State
system devised is for every one inter
est «1 in the problem to get to work at
Its solution. "In multitude of counsel
there is safety." A remedy can be found
under a State system for every defect
of the district system, and every objec
tion to such a State system can be ob
viated. But all possible objections should
be foreseen and guarded against in ad
vance Why then can not all who are
interested in this great subject discuss
Its solution through the press and see
whether a State system cannot be devised I
which can be substituted for the district
system, and bring about an adjustment of
conflicting interests which will end all liti
gation, save the lands of all land-owners
from confiscation, save the bondholders i
from loss to the extent that the bonds ,
represent actual value received by the
district, and Inaugurate an era of devel
opment by irrigation In place of the ex
isting conditions of stagnation.
To start thought and draw discussion
th© following brief outline is submitted |
for consideration in a general way. and
as a basis for the suggestion of objec
tions, of a plan for the solution of the
irrigation district problem in California:
(a) The State to issue bonds for the
longest term possible, in an amount suf
ficient to compromise the outstanding in
debtedness of only such districts as have
partially constructed feasible Irrigation
systems, and to thereby acquire and own,
and complete such systems.
(b) The basis of compromise in each of
such districts to be the actual value of
what the district received for the bonds
issued; a limit to be fixed in each district
In the constitutional amendment ■ which
would have to be adopted. For Instance,
in the Modesto, Turlock and Kscondido
districts, 75 per cent; in the Tulare and
Central districts, 60 per cent. This
amount to be paid to the bondholders in
cash by the State on its acquiring the
ownership of the system.
(c) The area capable of being irrigated
by each system .to be established by a
competent State engineer, and a State
water right to be issued on the lands tak
en under the system at a rate per acre
sufficient to eventually reimburse the
State for its entire investment, principal
and interest, and give to the land owners
the longest time possible to pay for this
water right which would bring the pay
ments in time to meet the State bonds on
maturity. ■ • " ...
(d) Under this system each land owner
could, if he so desired, at any time pay
up in full for his water right, and own
both his land and the right- to the water
necessary for its irrigation .clear of : en
cumbrance. His share of the whole cost
of construction - could be aggregated,
which is impossible under the district
system. , ■:; • ' 1
. (c) . The necessary annual ' expenses of
iaLxurea£ULn and mal»tananca UHder this.
State system would be met by an annual
rate to be paid by the holders of water
rights just as the shareholders meet such
disbursements in co-operative water com
panies like the Santa Ana Valley Water
Company.
if) No towns to be included under the
reorganized systems, nor any lands
against the will of the owner, but there
is no doubt that under existing systems
more lands would desire inclusion than
the system would irrigate, because the
burdens would be apportioned to the ben
efits, and the State could raise the money
on such long time and Tow interest that
these burdens could be easily borne by the
landowners.
As this proposed State system is con
sidered, objections will be suggested j
which can be overcome in the adjust
ment of the details of the system. The I
proposition has been roughly outlined in J
order to draw forth these objections so :
they can be considered and obviated in j
advance of the preparation of any pro
posed constitutional amendment. Such an j
amendment would have to be submitted j
to the next Legislature, to carry out the
plan proposed.
The district system can never be recon- j
structed or amended so as to operate suc
cessfully. If the present debts should be
scaled down and time for payment ex
tended in those districts where proposi
tions for refunding are now being aerltat
ed.as in Modesto and Tulare. it would only
be a short time before the present condi
tions of discontent and litigation would j
be renewed. The district system is inher- i
ently defective, and these conditions grow j
out of the defects of the system, rather j
than the mere existence of the debt. All
these defects can be eliminated under the
proposed State system. Under the dis
trict system it is impossible to obviate
them. GEORGE" H. MAXWELL.
IF ONLY.
If only to-day were to-morrow.
And yesterday followed to-day.
My sadness would sink into sorrow.
My vanity vanish away;
My spirit would cease from Its roaming.
Nor flutter away like a bird
In the shadowy shade of the gloaming.
The maglca'i moan of a word.
Alas! with the light of the morning
To-morrow has flown to Its rest.
With feverish petulance scorning
The hallowed delights of the blest.
I yearn, with a cynical mocking.
To grapple with Infinite calm,
'Mid aeons of silence unlocking
The tones of a Jubilant psalm.
If only the world were a vision.
If only th* moon were a myth.
If only the star of derision
Would turn from Its kin to its kith.
If only to-rlay wer»> to-morrow.
And yesterday followed to-day.
My soul would eternity borrow.
And solemnly vanish away!
— Tendon Punch.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. F. Peck, the Merced lawyer. Is at the
Lick.
Joseph Holland, the actor, is at the
Baldwin.
T. Hill Mansfield of New York Is a guest
at the Lick.
F. S. Morris of Portland, Or., Is a guest
at the Palace.
B. A. Lacy and wife of Dubuque, la.,
are at the Occidental.
F. I. Fuller of Portland, Or., is regis
tered at the Occidental.
H. H. Konold of New Haven is at the
Occidental with his wife.
B. W. Smith, a Salinas capitalist, is at
the Palace with his wife.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of Napa is at the
California with his wife.
R. T. Badger and wife of Salt Lake City
are staying at the Palace.
C. S. Foster, the Santa Cruz capitalist,
is staying at the California.
Lieutenant W. W. Harrison, U. S. N., is
registered at the Occidental.
William Knabe of Baltimore Is one of
last night's arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. W. J. Nelson, the well-known Bos
ton specialist, is a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Russel of Burling
ton, Vt., are among yesterday's arrivals
at the Palace.
The other day,
when the high
wind was send
ingclouds of dust
and loose articles
of wearing ap
parel a-whirling
A HACKMAN'S
LAMENTABLE
A\ISTAKE.
0000000000 along the streets,
the man who drives the Occidental Hotel
hack was standing behind his new vehi
cle, sheltering himself from the rude
blasts that shrieked around the corner,
when he espied a hat rolling past him
covered with dust and in imminent dan
ger of utter destruction from the wheels
of passing bugrgjes and wagons. The hat
was a soft felt one and had the appear
ance of belonging to some fellow of
means who, in his gratitude at its recov
ery, would not let a matter r>f a little
money stand in the way of his duly ex
pressing his sense of obligation to the in
dividual who should recover it for him.
Consequently, the jehu at once left his
place of vantage and started on a wild
chase after the precious bit of headgear.
The pursuit led him several times across
the street and around two or three cor
ners and nearly- involved him in trouble
with several strangers of testy tempera
ments- who, in his headlong course he
bumped into and nearly sent off their feet.
Finally, after considerable trouble, he
succeeded In catching it, and, wheezing
and panting from the unusual exertion,
he turned around to present it to its own
er, whose heavy breathing he had heard
just behind him, as he followed on his
chase. But as soon as he straightened up
and looked into, not the face of the swell
he had expected to see, but into the face
of a very ordinary-looking Chinaman,
who, with outstretched hands stood wait
ing for his headgear, the happy smile of
triumph gave place to a scowl of disgust,
and, hi 3 Celtic blood getting the best of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
and the present owner of Dawson City, and for
many years the agent of the Alaska Commercial
Company, gives a hint to persons going to Alaska,
and pays great compliment to a well-known
article. He writes : —
•'I have always used the Royal Baking
Powder in Alaska and Northwest Territory,
as no other gave equal satisfaction in that
harsh climate. I also found my customers
always insisted on having- that brand."
Feb. 1 8th, 1898.
him, he dashed the sombrero on the
pavemen*. and returned to his hack a
crushed and broken man.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Peters of Vallejo
came down to the city yesterday and are
staying at the Occidental.
Judge J. U. Ackle'n of Nashville, Term..
is one of those who arrived from the East .
yesterday and went to me Palace.
State Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding
has retUV 1<?( 3 from his trip to Washington,
D. C, and is registered at the Grand.
James Howard Bridge of the Overland
Monthly has returned to the city and 19
at the California. He is accompanied by
his wife.
L G Nesmitfc. cashier of the First Na
tional Bank of San Jose, is a guest at the
California. Mrs. Nesmith accompanies
her husband.
C Cerrieti son of the former Italian
Consul at this city, and himself a famous
mining expert, with headquarters in Lon
don, is at the Grand.
O J Kron, president of the Kron Tan
ning Company, and Mrs. Kron arrived
yesterday from the Orient, where they
had been on a holiday tour.
F. Phiscator is at the Grand, where ha
arrived last night from his home in Mich
igan en route to the Klondike, where he
has several very valuable claims.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert C. Burrage and
party of Boston are registered at the Pal
ace. Mr. Burrage is the famous Boston
lawyer who received some years ago an
immense fee from Rockefeller, the oil
magnate, which Is generally supposed to
be the largest single fee that one attorney
ever individually received from a slngie
client for his services^
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Arthur Letts
of Los Angeles is at the Marlborough.
Isldor Jacobs of San Francsico is In.
Paris. ________——
ANSW T ERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE MINING FAIR— M. F. S., Napa,
Cal. The California Mining Fair closed
on the sth of March.
NO PREMIUM— E. L., San Jose. Cal. -.
There is no premium offered on $5 pieces
issued subsequent to 1534.
BANKS OF HOLLAND— A. S. F. T.,
City. To obtain a list of the banks of
Holland write to the United States Con
sul at Amsterdam.
THE PIONEERS' BAND— M. F. S.,
Napa, Cal. It was Blum's Band that pre
ceded the Society of California Pioneers
on the 24th of January last on the occa
sion of the Jubilee parade.
VICTORIA PAPERS— R. T. M., Chero
kee Cal. The papers published in Vic
toria B. C, are the Colonist and Times,
daily and weekly; Commercial Journal,
commercial, and Province, literary.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT— S. A. D..
Millford, Lassen County, Cal. Capital
punishment is prohibited by law in Col
orado Rhode Island, Maine, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Portugal, Brazil and Holland.
WEIGHERS— X and Z. City. The
County Clerks of the several counties of
California are ex-officio inspectors of
weights and measures for their rospectjva
counties. The Political Code, 561 to 567,
prescribes the duties of the inspectors.
A VEIN— S., Forest Hill, Cal. The ques
tions asked are such as would have to
be submitted to an attorney in good
standing for his opinion, but this depart
ment finds that a patent vests the pat
entee with the common law right of own
ership from the center of the earth up
ward to the sky, and the additional right
to follow a vein or lode upon its dips
within his side lines under the surface
of adjoining territory (United States Re
vised Statutes, section 2322; Iron Co. vs.
Elgin Co.. 118 U. S. Reports, p. 128), pro
vided he has the apex or lode within hid
claim and subject to the same right ir.
behalf of others similarly situated. In
other words, the patentee has no greater
rights, privileges or immunities than has
a locator on the question of extralateral
rights. In either event he may invade
other territory, or have his own invade-*
when the circumstanceswarrant. Whether
both are held by location or patent or
one is patented and the other la held by
location is immaterial (Colorado Central
vs. Turck, 50 Federal Reports, SS><), but
the vein cannot be followed into the lands
of an adjoining proprietor who holds an
elder title under a patent for agricul
tural lands (Amador vs. Spring Hill. 36
F. R., 668), nor where the claim ?^»'n
the form of an isosceles triangle eailfhe
lode or vein be followed through the Vide
lines (Montana vs. Clark. 42 F. R., 626),
These conclusions are from "A Disserta
tion Upon American Mining Law," by A.
H. Ricketts.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
"WASHINGTON, March 14.— G. D. Sut
ton of San Francisco. Normandie; A.
Hectekerman, San Francisco. Raleigh.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Dr. August Fotthast, late librarian of
the German Reichstag, died recently at
the age of 74 years. He was the author of
the "Bibliotheca Historica Mcdli Aevi,"
one of the first and most useful guides to
the scientific study of the history of the
Middle Ages.
Axgostura Bitters— Prepared by Dr. Sieg
eut for his private use. have become famous as
the best appetizing tonic. Accept no other.
. ♦ ■
For Relieving Throat Diseases, Corona axt>
Hoaksexess. use *• Broion'i Bronchial Troches,"
bold only la boxes. Avoid Imitations.
» m ■
Governor Renfrew of Oklahoma got hia
start in the world by exhibiting a petri
fied child Arkansas. That was twenty
years ago. A few days since he recog
nized the child in Guthrie. where it was
being exhibited as a petrified woman. Of
course, it had grown during that time.LOOKS LIKE
A STUFFED
JURY-BOX
Sensational Discovery
Made by Superior
Judge Hunt.
Names of Talesmen Not
on the Official
List.
"He Reported the Fact, and an
Investigation Is Now
in Progress.
A SCANDAL MAY RESULT.
Ho Explanation as to How the Errors
Came to Exist Can Be
Given.
A little sensation that may be fruit
ful of a large scandal was produced
yesterday when Judge Hunt announced
that he had found that the "big box"
In the County Clerk's office containing
the names of the jurymen who will try
civil and criminal cases during the
present year had either been "stuffed"
or unpardonable clerical errors were re
sponsible for a condition of circum
stances that would cause no end of
trouble. Last Friday Judge Hunt, while
drawing a jury in his court, found that
three names drawn out of the box were
not on his list of jurymen. Each Judge
was given a new list, with the names in
alphabetical order, by Presiding Judge
Belcher a few days ago. Friday, when
twelve talesmen were drawn, the names
of Frederick Lux, George A. Brown and
C. H. Babcock were among them. Judge
Hunt consulted his list and found that
their names were absent. This condi
tion of affairs astonished Judge Hunt,
and he consulted the list of last year
and found that the same conditions ex
isted. He then informed the talesmen
whose names did not appear that they
had best not sit on any jury. Although
he had nothing against them and knew
that all were men o-f unquestionable
reputation, the rules of the court would
not admit of the establishment of such
a precedent.
Judge Hunt then conferred with aH
the Judges of the Superior Court and
Informed them that it looked very much
as though an attempt had been made
to stuff the jury box. Actuated by this
information each Judge has resolved to
compare his list of names with those
of the talesmen in his box. As Judge
Hunt found three names not on the list
in a venire of forty-six, it is thought
that many more will be dug up. Judge
Carroll Cook commenced his investiga
tion yesterday. Several Deputy Cc-unty
Clerks assisted in the checking up of
trtf names, and the work will continue
until the entire list has been gone over.
No explanation as to how the names
have been placed in the "big box" can
be given. Some advance the opinion
that some of the clerks who made out j
the list for the box inserted the names
of friends in order that they might fall j
heir to the remuneration that accompa
nies the position of juryman. This !
theory, however, seems to meet with
but little favor, as the names already
drawn not on the list are those of men !
whose time is of much more value to j
them than a juryman's pay. In any !
event the Judges have determined to
Bift the matter to the bottom and weed
out al! names that do not belong on the
list, and, if possible, determine how
they came there.
BRODERICK TO
MAYOR PHELAN
A Discussion as to the Care
of the Municipal
Funds.
The Auditor Declares He Has Signed
No Bills Which Are
Illegal.
Auditor Broderick made another warm
talk to Mayor Phelan yesterday in a com
munication to the city's chief executive.
He denies that he has either been in
strumental in allowing extravagance in
the municipal departments or that he has
passed any bills that are not legal. The
major portion of Mr. Broderick's letter
was as follows:
"Long: service In office" or "fear of stultifi
cation of previous course" have nothing what
ever to do with my reluctance in "following
the direction" of the Mayor. It is attributable
entirely to a spirit of caution an<3 conservat
ism, due to an education in office, obtained
through experience somewhat seasoned by the
Information obtained through close application
and study and the lessons taught by many
cults instituted by parties desirous of having
me to do that which my Judgment dictated
otherwise. (I have been, aa a general thing
bo far. sustained by the judicial arm of the
government on such occasions.) The Mayor
has been too often in error in his interpreta
tiong of law to have any right to expect me to
take directions In preference to my own Judg-
Continuing, the Auditor refers to cer
tain personal correspondence between
himself and the Mayor, and declares the
Mayor to be in error as to the possibility
of stationery and printing being the same
thinir Stationery Is provided for under
tne ng a C t 8 of a May ry i7. 1&. and Prtntlnris
provided for by an act of March 24 ,1868,
and the Consolidation Act, section 69.
Says Auditor Broderlck:
The demands allowed to me for stationery
are strict™ legal, and It is therefore becoming
off ens"" to me to have contrary assertions
encouraged or made In letters, interviews and
editorial comments, containing at times im-
Srop?r and disgusting illusions to my personal
&s well aa official character.
As to tho extravagance charged against
the County Clerk the Auditor says:
The attention of the Board of Supervisors has
been called to It each year when 1 submitted
estimate expenditures for that office My
opposition and protest has been ""If™ 1 "
and steady against that office for a long
time before you were elected to the orme
of Major, and If I mistake not I made
•uggestions to you long since now * ol {J
power might lessen it to some extent »r
applied. It Is therefore more than annoying
to have It thrown up to me as anew dl8C "l"
cry. In letter*. Interviews and editorial com
ments. A proper public spirit should sugggest
that the existence of such extravagance Is not
chargeable to the Auditor. The failure in i the
Buit of the Superior Court to which you ha\e
referred but lends force to the side I ha\e
taken in the discussion of the subject, ana i*
against your contention. In my letter to you
November 2 I said: "I am disposed to hold
the demands a reasonable time, say ten days
rail the demands of the County Clerk and also
the District Attorney), so that you may recon
sider your premises wherein we differ, and
should no change of opinion prise, then
we may bring about some means of securing
a speedy Judicial determination of the ques
tion at issue." Tou preferred to try the issue
alone; you should therefore hold the Auditor
.blame leaa lor the result.
INFLUENCE
OF THE CHIEF
WHARFINGER
G. W. Root Accused of
Misusing His Offi
cial Position.
He Is Said to Own Stock
in a Transfer Com
pany.
All Kinds of Favors Easily
Procured for His
Friends.
THREATS FILL THE AIR.
He Denies the Charge, but Admits
He Is an Employe of the
Private Concern.
There is a general howl going up
among transfer and delivery men
along the water front over the actions
of Chief Wharfinger Root, and the air
is filled with mingled threats and exe
crations.
About a month ago a new transfer
company known as the San Francisco
Transfer Company sprung into exist
ence. The names of the proprietors of
this concern appear in the County
Clerk's office as George Grunewald, A.
W. Johnson. Lemuel Lucas and James
Gaffeny. The transfer men, however,
claim that Chief Wharfinger George
Root forms a large part of the com
pany In the capacity of a silent part
ner, and that he prostitutes his posi
tion in the most shameful manner to
throw business in the way of his fav
orite company.
Many instances are cited of compa- !
' nies holding the right of way on steam- J
'< ers and steam schooners, and then, i
when the vessel would arrive in port i
and their agents attempt to board, j
they would be confronted with an iron- i
clad statement to the effect that the
San Francisco Transfer Company had
the sole right of way on board that yes- j
: sel. It is also said that a short time j
' previous to the incorporation of the
j new company Root informed the cap- j
tains of various vessels that in a short j
time he would have a favor to ask of j
them, and it has been noticed that the ;
• San Francisco company now has the
right of way on these vessels.
The favors that can be shown a
steamship company by the Chief ,
Wharfinger, without their being notice
able, are innumerable, while he can ]
: also subject them to any number of ;
[ petty annoyances and delays without
the appearance of their having been I
: dcrne intentionally. If it is convenient
( for a ship to lie at a certain pier or in I
'] a certain b^rth. the Chief Wharfinger j
can either assign her to that berth or ;
1 can find a thousand and one reasons j
! to keep her waiting for hours or assign
her to some other berth. It makes lit- '
1 tie or no difference to a captain or '
' owner what company has the privilege
! of soliciting the baggage on his ship, ;
and if he can throw this privilege in the
way of a man who can do him favors j
I in return it seems but natural that he
■ should do so. #
Mr. Root emphatically denied that he
j owned any stock in the company or j
j that he had made undue use of the in- j
i fiuence of his position to procure traffic j
; for it. "All I have to do for the com- j
pany," he said, "is that I hold a po- j
sition as secretary and bookkeeper for j
it at a salary: I own no stock in it, and j
only wish I did. Mr. Johnson is a warm j
friend of mine find I have introduced j
him among friends on the water front, j
who I knew could give him plenty of |
work. What I have done for Mr. John
808 I would do for any other friend. I
The company was organized about a !
month ago, and I was employed as sec- i
j retary at a stated salary. All receipts !
j and bills naturally bear my name, and |
I suppose this has given the impression
that I had an interest in the company.
When I close my office here at 5 o'clock !
my duty to the Harbor Board has
ended, and I believe that I am free to j
go and do as I choose. I then go up j
town, where I have another office, and
look after the books of the transfer
company.
"Of course, as its employe, It is my
| duty to throw any work I can in its
way, and I have also done so whenever |
I could without using my position here |
to back me up in it. If I owned stock
! in the company I would not deny it,
j as there is nothing in law to prevent |
I me from going into the transfer busl- j
j ness if I choose. I am only restrained ;
j from having Interest in shipping, hold
| ing a mortgage on vessels, or acting as
| an agent for a marine insurance, com
pany. If these people wish to complain
about my actions after I am through
here they are at liberty to do so, but
I know that they would not be able to
prove that I have misused my position
here in any way."
TREASURY DECISIONS.
Collector Jackson Notified of Several
Very Important Rulings of the
Department.
The Treasury Department has notified
Collector Jackson that it has made de
cisions to the following effect:
Calfskins are entitled to free entry, but
no dividing line in weight between skins
and hides has been fixea.
Coastwise sea-going steam vessels
under register are exempt from carrying
licensed pilots.
There is no provision of law granting
the exclusive right to owners of patents
of importing patented articles.
Hides of neat cattle imported into the
United States from Europe, if not dry
salted or arsenic cured, require dlslnfo. -
tion; but if imported in transit to Canada
no disinfection will be required. Rags
from Europe imported into the United
States, whether in transit or not, require
disinfection under quarantine regulations
of the Marine Hospital service.
» ♦ .
WANTED FOR BATTERY.
Superintendent of the Schmidt Com
pany Assaults a Lithographer.
C. J. Freeman, a lithographer in the
employ of the Schmidt Label and Litho
graphic Company, swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday for
the arrest of Carl Rahskoppf, the super
intendent, on a charge of battery. His
statement is that he has been for some
time trying to get the superintendent to
introduce a new system of zincograph,
but the other men objected. Saturday he
and the superintendent were talking over
Vie matter, when the superintendent
struck him on the face and body, and
since then he has been suffering from
hemorrhages. He has been In the com
pany's employment since January 26.
• m •
Rheumatism, kidney & liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin'sSanlt&rium l snPine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cai.
THE SAIN" FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
SCANDAL IN
HOFF CASE
INTIMATED
One of Defendant's
Counsel Is Charged
With Misconduct.
Said to Have Offered to
Sell an Alleged Con
fession.
Judge Carroll Cook Has Or
dered an Investigatiorv
to Be Made.
TO PRESENT AFFIDAVITS.
Counsel's Serious Position — Some
One Must Suffer for the
Offense.
The honor of Benjamin W. Melntosh,
of counsel for Albert Hoff, charged with
the murder of Mrs. Mary Clute, Is In
volved in a scandal which has cropped up
since the work of securing a jury to try
the carpetlayer for his life commenced.
It is charged that Melntosh, while em
ployed in maintaining his client's cause
in court, has furthered negotiations to sell
what is alleged to be a confession from
the pen of the accused of the murder
which Is laid at his door, and Judge Cook,
appreciating the graveness of the affair,
yesterday ordered the District Attorney
to make an immediate investigation and
report his findings to the court.
"When Hoff appeared in court yesterday
he was angry, and when Judge Cook en
tered the room he ceased passing his
bony fingers through one another and
looked appeallngly at the court as though
he would have retributive justice meted
out to him who falsely or otherwise stat
ed that he had added to the weight of
evidence against him. Judge Cook took
his seat on the bench, and without cere
mony dismissed the ten jurymen who had
been selected to try the prisoner. He
then announced that it had been called
to his attention by the District Attorney
that one of defendant's counsel had been
publicly charged with grave misconduct,
and ordered the District Attorney to make
an immediate Investigation.
"If the charge be untrue," said Judge
Cook, "action should be taken to punish
the newspaper that published it. If it be
true, other action should be taken. What
ever investigation the District Attorney !
may make must be presented to me in
atndavlts. Upon these affidavits I will
take appropriate action. It is the duty
of the defense to aid the District Attorney
in this investigation."
So ended Judge Cook's remarks, but it
Is evident from their tenor that some one
must suffer, either the newspaper that
published the charge, or the attorney
charged by the newspaper.
W. H. Schooler, leading counsel for the
defense, replied to the remarks of the
court, and said that he would lend all
the assistance in his power to get at the
bottom of the scandal. "Although I have
no knowledge of the matter," said the
attorney, "1 will present any facts I ob
tain to the court in writing and under
i>ath." Judge Cook then recalled the
jurymen, and after many veniremen had
been examined, R. P. Mapleson and Julius
Buudman were accepteu, and the jury
was complete. To-day the taking of evi
dence will begin, and in all probability by
the end of the week Hoff will know his
fate.
Mclntoah, who is accused of gross
misconduct, was in court during yester
day's proceedings, and assisted In the
examination of "talesmen. He was cairn,
but manifested by his appearance that
he did not enjoy the notoriety that had
been thrust upon him. He is 'charged
with having offered a few days ago to
sell a confession signed by Hoff for $2000.
In offering the document it is said that he
commissioned Edgar B. Haymond, an
other attorney, to consummate the sale,
and declared that in offering the docu
ment he was actuated only by a desire
to save his client from the hangman's
noose. In the publication charging Me
lntosh with the questionable proceeding
he is quoted as saying: "Hoff will not
accept one cent undeo $2000 for his con
fession. He realizes that a great deal
can be done with money. Then, again,
his attorneys ought to be paid $700 or $800
for their work in his behalf. I fully
realize the seriousness of the situation.
I know that a man's life is at stake, and
I do not like to do anything that may
injure his cause and tend to send him to
the gallows. If his confession were pub
lished Hoff might have to change his
defense. He would have to deny the
truth of the confession or else justify it
in some way. The confession came to me
through Attorney Schooler. I took Mr.
Haymond into the secret because 1 knew
him and because I believed that he could
do something for my client."
Attorney Schooler emphatically denies
that he had any knowledge of either a
confession or an alleged confession, and
Hoff does likewise. In the face of these
conflicting statements, the District At
torney may have considerable difficulty
in clearing up tne matter to his own
satisfaction and to the satisfaction of the
court.
Appreciated Faithful Service.
Frederick C. Youngberg, who has held
a responsible position in the secretary
and controller's office of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany for the past ten years, haa received
an appointment with Messrs. Scott &
Van Arsdale of the Slsklyou Lumber
Company and other interests.
Mr. Youngberg was taken very much
by surprise this afternoon when he was
made the recipient of a handsomely en
graved diamond ring from the officers
and employes of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad in appreciation of
his services and the esteem in which he
was held by all of his confreres. The
Inscription on the ring was "To F. C.
Youngberg from well wishers of S. F. &
N. P. Ry. Co., March, 1895."
Had Suffered Enough.
Christian Olsen, a sailor, was sentenced
to one month In San Quentin by Judge
Cook yesterday for a burglary com
mitted in September, 1893. Olsen was ar
rested while leaving a store at 120 Cali
fornia street, which he had looted. It
was found that he was insane and he was
committed to an asylum. Yesterday he
was discharged from the Institution as
cured, and Judge Cook thought that he
had suffered enough and gave him the
lightest sentence possible.
In Favor of the Defendants.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday rendered a decision in favor
of the demurrer in the case of
Henry D. P. Allen vs. Charles F.
Allen and Aaron C. Allen, defendants,
and dismissed the bill. The suit was
brought to compel the defendants to spe
cifically perform the terms of a certain
mortgage contract on real estate in Hura
boldt County.
Took Carbolic Acid.
Mary Eckert, age 22 years, living: at
2027 Mission street, took a dose of car
bolic acid shortly after midnight last
night. She was found by her husband
and removed to the Receiving Hospital.
It is expected she will die. The only
cause assigned for the act is said to be
the result of a surgical operation per
formed about two years ago, which great
ly djsiigured her face.
PLATED AND
PILLACED
BOARDERS
An Innocent Ingenue
Whose Graft Was
Sneakthievery.
Performed on the Piano
and Worked Rooms
of Guests.
Hotels Done Up by a Pretty
but Dishonest Maiden With
a Baby Face.
WANTED TO GET RICH.
Several Hundred Dollars' Worth of
Valuables Stolen From the Russ
and the Lick.
There Is a young woman In the city
whom the police are looking for, and
when they find her, if they ever do, it is
more than likely that the lodgings she
has been seeking so assiduously will be
provided for her in a nice country loca
tion across the bay, where she will have
the most careful attention for the next
couple of years without costing her a
cent.
The particular graft of this young per
son, who Is about 18 years of age, wlht a
pretty baby face and an innocent, in
genue manner, is sneak thievery. Her
field of operations is the large hotels, and
her victims are the unsuspecting board
ers therein. She has already succeeded
in doing up people living at the Russ and
Lick ami vanishing without leaving any
trace behind her other than the dim re
membrance in the mind of the hotel clerk
of a pretty, youthful face and a stylishly
clothed, well proportioned figure.
The young lady, who is supposed to
have gotten away with several hundred
dollars' worth of clothing and Jewelry,
first made her appearance about a week
ago at the Russ.
She entered the house In an unobtrusive
manner, and, going to the parlor, played
on the piano for a while, then quietly left.
She came the next day, and continued to
come until Bhe succeeded in making the
acquaintance of Mrs. A. Scoiield. one of
the regular boarders of the house, to
whom Bhe confided the fact that she was
a young music teacher trying to make her
own way, and living at the Brooklyn,
f:om which house she intended moving, as
the accommodations were not what she
desired.
- Mrs. Scofleld— now has the utmost
confidence in the young woman's abllty
to make that way of which she spoke
became interested in her and invited her
up to see her rooms. The girl went, and
came several times alterward, and going
upstairs knocked at Mrs. Scofield's room
when that lady was out. She was
watched— as her actions had by this time
become suspicious, and on one occasion
Mrs. J. S. Young, the wife of Colonel
Young, the proprietor of the Russ. who
has looms facing Bush street that are in
direct alignment with the alley running
off that thoroughfare, and passing behind
the liigli between Suiter and Post streets,
saw her go down the alley and enter the
Ll< k front the rear. i ;s;.
The strange young woman ceased her
visits to the Russ on Friday last, and on
Saturday Mrs. Scofleld discovered she
was minus a silk skirt, a valuable lace
neck wrap and two gold rings set with
precious stones. . . , „'■ -^..U-
She . informed the management of her
loss, and Colonel Young went to the Lick
to confer with Manager K. B. Soule of
that house, and arrived Just in time to
hear of the loss of a valuable mink cape
reported by an idlgnant lady guest.
There he learned that the' same young
woman had been seen around the parlors
and halls, and the supposition is that she
is some expert room-worker, and, watch
ing her opportunity entered the apart
ments of the guests during their absence
and carried off whatever she could lay
her hands on, carrying her booty away
under a long cloak she always wore.
The matter was reported to headquar
ters and Is now in the hands of the police,
who have a clew, as usual.
MRS. RYLEY'S
"MR. BUGLE"
A Farce of Some Humor, but
the Plot Lacks Sus
pense.
Improved Alcazar Acting — Farce-
Comedy at the California.
Other Shows.
With the auditorium half filled and a
lightweight farce on the stage, the
Baldwin Theater appeared to be sadly
nominal last nfght. The small audience
pointed rather pathetically the recent
triumph of the Bostonians, and the
small play, a fair sample of current suc
cesses, marked the unimportant quality
of the season.
The play was "The Mysterious Mr.
Bugle," by that industrious young wo
man, Madeline Lucette Ryley, and
called on the programme a legitimate
farce. The word "legitimate," which
has come to be a valuable bit of theat
rical slang, looks well in type, rolls well
from the tongue, and in these days of
lingerie festivals and leg carnivals, I
dare say, does good service In distin
guishing one sort of farce from the
other.
Mrs. Ryley's farce is, unquestionably,
the other; with one exception, which
doubtless is due to the sweet unworld
liness of the author, "The Mysterious
Mr. Bugle" is entirely modest, respec
table and virtuous. No young man
need to blush to take his father to see
it. And apart from the many respec
tabilities it has one funny little situa
tion and several darts of that rarefied
vaudeville repartee which has been the
spirit of other Ryley plays. There are
moments — little, idle moments — which
are quite comfortable; but as comedy
or legitimate farce or just plain old
farce "Mr. Bugle" is enthusiastically
unconvincing.
I admit that "unconvincing" i 3 al
most as vague a word as "legitimate,"
but as Mrs. Ryley hopes to be under
stood by one so do I by the other.
Even farce should carry sme convic
tion, should embody something: plausi
ble, in order to ensnare the legitimate
laugh. Mrs. Ryley never has been very
plausible in plot and construction, but
in both "Christopher Jr." and "An
American Citizen" she was industrious
even if not really inventive— she
seemed to try to make things look a
The fac-simile \/rf i^^*"' if on every wrapper
signature of v&//Z74&&&Vi ' : of CASTOBU.
little bit probable. This time Mrs.
Ryley gives us a young Tom and
Betty, whose engagement must be kept
secret in order not to offend his grand
mamma, upon whom their prospects
depend. Betty and her sister, Julia,
are living at a hotel in New Jersey,
and, presumably to secure a certain
amount of liberty, Betty has registered
as Mrs. Solomon Bugle, a name which
she and Tom have agreed upon.
Without going into the details aris
ing from a visit in the night to Betty's
apartments by her oousin Allan and
her subsequent inability to account to
Tom for the absence of a doorkey,
which Allan has carried off, It can be
said that Tom is of a frightfully Jeal
ous disposition, and that the right cir
cumstances might almost justify hia
suspicions. But it is in the arrange
ment of such circumstances that the
piece is weak. Mrs. Ryley has not fin
ished one scheme before she is head
first into another, and has twisted and
tangled the vital thread of farce and
lost all the elements of surprise. When
the play reaches a stage wherein you
are asked to believe, in the most trust
ful spirit of fun, that Tom believes that
after all there is really a Mr. Bugle and
Betty has deceived him all along — well,
you can't see it for a minute and the
whole thing becomes clumsy make-be
lieve.
And, of course, this loose manner of
accounting for everything does not
tend to give special sanity to the char
acters. They are not those characters
of real farce who are sent here, there,
anywhere in a rush of plausible misad
venture. The actors of "Mr. Bugie"
have to resort to being funny of them
selves. Even Joseph Holland, an
artist, jumps and bobs and dances in
his efforts to galvanize the part of
Tom. In Betty Miss Gretchen Lyons
is robbed of brilliant acting by the wild
fluctuations of the role. Miss Winona
Shannon can be only frankly silly as
Sister Julia, and Lucius Henderson, at
best an affected personality, is hardly
of this earth as Cousin Allan.
The one clever situation to which I
alluded earlier is that in the first act,
where Betty accounts to Tom for the
cigar stump in her room by telling him
that she has become an inveterate
smoker. "I couldn't live without ci
gars," she says. "Then I'll save your
life" — and Tom sees to it that she
smokes a good inch of one of his own
perfectos.
The ingenuous indelicacy Is in the
cheerful manner in which Tom and
Allan settle it between themselves that
Betty's Mr. Bugle is their own house
servant. _^§>HTON STEVENS.
Alcazar.
If it were allowable to descend into
slang the expression to use regarding the
presentation of "The District Attorney"
at the Alcazar would be that it "tipped
the hands" of the stock company of that
theater. The whole company, or rather
that part of it which is included in the
cast, gave evidence of an ability that was
a surprise to old Alcazar goers. All did
well so well that one wondered why th<»y
have permitted themselves to do such
slack work in other plays.
The drama, "The District Attorney," is
one that permits strong action, and it can
be said that no point was lost or weakened
through C misconception on the part of
any performer. Wright Huntliigton, *n
the title role, lost his individuality, or, per
haps, personality is the better word, to
such an extent that he gave strong iden
tity to the part. While the entire east ii
deserving of especial mention tor oxcel
lerro. the individual work -if "William 11.
I'UHcoe as Frank Plerson, Wallace Shaw
a* JMutliev/ Bralnard, and of Miss Ocr
trude Foster as Grace Brainard. added
strength to the presentation. Bryant's
MoGralh was the customary stage pollti
cir.n, and, as that, was well played, but
It lacked a little of the distinction of real-
ity.
Wallace Shaw as General Haggles, and
Frank Denithorne as Wel.'r.^rton Grl'iley,
made capital showings, and Miss Castro as
Helen Knight in the third act gave evi
dence of real ability. Taken as a whole
the rerformance is a record for the little
stock company. \ . '.
California.
It Is a year and a half since "Town
Topics," the piece now playing at the
California, was first presented in this
city at the Columbia, without scoring any
particular success. Some new specialties
have been Introduced since then, and all
the parts, except those played by World,
Keller and Mack, are in the bands of new
people. Still, it is practically the same
show— a rough and howling farce comedy,
the only signal difference being- thut 50
cents is now the highest price. After all,
the price cuts considerable figure in the
theatrical business, and largely deter
mines the character of the audience.
"Town Topics" is now able to attract a
crowd that is quite in touch with its
mode of fun. On the Rialto it is rumored
that Friedlander, Gottlob and Marx are
so pleased by the success of this venture
that they will undertake making a feat
ure of cheap shows at the California,
Orpheum.
There are fine names on the new Or
pheum bill, notably John J. Burke' and
Will H. Fox, who stand for many a big
success here in the past, yet neither
Burke nor Fox is as startling as usual
this timo because, like many other clever
vaudeville players, they have lingered too
long with the old, old acts. Burke has
been in Australia for many months, and
returns with practically the same act in
which he said au revoir last season; Fox
has added a few new wrinkles to his
Paderewski turn and taken to singing
"The Red, White and Blue" In a voice
that is more patriotic than beautiful.
Both men are clever, but on the whole,
a bit behind in the procession. Albert
Athas and Lizzie Collins, from Australia,
are making their American debut. Miss
Collins is a sister of the famous Lottie:
she sings in large, spieler voice, and
dances with weight and difficulty. Mr.
Athas is very limber-legged and clowns
with considerable vivacity.
The best of the performance is in last
week's hits, which are still emphatically
on top. Sabel has a new coon song, and
Rudihoff an unlimited stock of pictorial
inspiration.
Morosco's.
"The English Rose," an established Eng
lish melodrama of Irish locale, was
produced at Morosco's last night. The
company and the elaborate scenery were
complimented by much applause.
Columbia.
The Primrose & West Minstrels have
all of the week at the Columbia. Rice's
"1492" folows.
Tivoli.
These ar« the last nights of "The
Geisha." The musical production of
"Widow O'Brien" will be given on Mon
day.
Chutes.
Chiqulta and the "Zoo are making pros
perity out at the Halght street grounds.
Marteau.
At the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium Marteau
gives the second of his independent recit
als to-morrow night. Lachaume assists
the young violinist.
Contests Her Husband's Will.
Clara Augusta Gordon Wilson filed a
contest yesterday to the will of her hus
band, John C. "Wilson, who died In this
city on February 24 last, and asks the
court to revoke the order made on
March 15, admitting the document to pro
bate. Mrs. Wilson was not named in the
■will, and she states that an unintentional
oversight on the part of her husband is
responsible for the fact. Mrs. Wilson has
three children, ana she prays that the
property be distributed in the same man
ner aa though her husband had died in
testate.
A Boy Sues for Damages.
Edward Gibson, 13 years of age, com
menced suit against the Market-street
Railway Company yesterday for $10,000
damages for the loss of his left leg on
December 9, 1597. The boy was endeavor
ing to board a Valencia-street car when
he fell under the wheels and his leg was
so badly crushed that it had to be ampu
tated. He alleges that the accident was
caused by the negligence of the defend
ant's employes.
MUST REPORT
SICK HORSES
Chief Lees Aims a Blow
at Veterinary Surgeon
Westphal.
Determined That He Shall Not
Further Impose on the
Department.
Tho City Will in All Probability
Build Its Own
Stable.
Chief Lees intends that hereafter
Veterinary Surgeon Westphal shaJl not
use the Police Department in adding to
j his bank account. Yesterday he is
! sued an order to his captains compell
j ing them to make daily reports to him
I of the number of horses used in the
patrol wagons, whether they belong to
! the city or not, and also the stray
j horses which are picked up by the po
' lice and which find their way to West
! phal's stables. If one of the city's
horses Is taken sick the Chief de
mands that the captain under whose
charge the animal is to at once report
It to him. By these means the Chief
expects to considerably reduce West
phal's heavy demands on the city
treasury.
At the next meeting of the Board of
Supervisors a proposition -will be made
by the Chief of Police to rent a lot in
the Mission for the purpose of erecting
stables for the horses of the Police De
partment.
"This is about the only large city in
the world," he remarked last night,
"where the police department does not
own its stables. I am in favor of pur
chasing a suitable site and erecting
stables thereon.
"This would not only prevent the ]
heavy and sometimes exorbitant de
mands of stable men on the city treas
ury for maintaining the horses of the
Police Department but would reduce
the expenses several thousand dollars !
a year. I have nothing to say against '
Westphal except that we all realize j
that he is increasing his bank roll at
the expense of the city. At the next
meeting of the Supervisors I will en
deavor to correct the evil by asking
that body to buy a suitable site so that
we can have our own stables. The !
horses and wagons would then be under
the absolute control of the Police De
partment."
Captain Wittman feels sore over the
statement that he is the only Captain j
of Police whose horse is cared for at
the expense of the city.
"All the captains have horses," he
remarked last night, "which are main
tained by the city. It is necessary that
we should have horses, as it is impos
sible to cover our respective districts
on foot."
He, however, believes that Westphal
is fast getting rich at the expense of
the city.
Martin Bulger's Funeral.
The funeral of the late Martin Bulger
took place yesterday morning from St.
Ignatius Church. There was a large con
course of friends, aiid high mass WM
eung for the repose of the soul of de
ceased.
The following citizens acted as pall
bearers: James Moffitt, George Bowen,
Captain Erskine, -Matthew Doyle, John
Kelly Jr., Stewart Menzies, Andrew
Markham, Cornelius Marfcham, Captain
A. C. Freese, Dennis Sullivan, J. J.
Seavey, John E. O'Brien, F. A. Jones,
Frank Bragg, (ieorge Scott and Bernard
Connelly.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers of thu Exempt Firenjpn and other
civic orders. There were many floral
tributes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t AS A S
I FAMILY I
I BEVERAGE *
Blatz
X Milwaukee %__Jp*^^%* / SL J (
5 OCCUPIES A MOST 5 j
% PROMINENT POSITION \ ;
5 Wives and mothers are quick to 4 )
i discern its unusual benefits to A
5 digestion and to health in general, >
Jv and after one trial invariably \
% Call for Blatz and 
% Look for ••Blatz" on the Cork, i
I VAL.BLATZBREWINGGO. |
\ MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A. \
% Louis Cahen & Son,' Wholesale Dealers, J)
\ 416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco. ~.
9 Telephone Main 416. <p j
ELY'S CREAM BAI.M isapositlTecure.
: Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
centa at Drustfsts or by mail ; samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, CO Warren St., New York City.'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. KHB
great Mexican Remedy; gives health , and
strength to the sexual organs. - ■ : ■ -'
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. ErxistijjeKkemxo. Proprietor &Mana_«r
—LAST : NIGHTS- .
Of the Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The , Prettiest Production of the Tear.
• ; : - — NEXT WEEK—
■ The Most Laughable of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN,"
-~ ■ SONG DANCE HUMOR.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND CO CENTS. '
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders, for seats will be received here- 1
. .»!»o. . ■ ■ ■-. •■ J
TEN DIFFERENT WAYS
'- ; ■ '' - ..'•■• -^r'
By Which One May Break the Health and
Blast the Life— One Way to Prevent, y
1. Getting run-down and exhausted
through excessive hot weather.
' 2. Through loss of appetite and Inability
to receive nourishment from food arising
from the same cause.
3. Keeping too late hours at night, and
sleeping too late in the morning.
, 4. Neglecting to take sufficient exercise
to keep the body healthy., through feeling ,
too tired to do so, by reason of a weak-
ened system.
5. Neglecting to wash the body suffi-
ciently to keep th pores of the skin- open.
6. Keeping up a constant excitement by
fretting the mind .with borrowed trouble.
7. Taking meals at irregular intervals.
8. Injuring the stomach by deluging it
with copious draughts of ice water.
9. Through getting in draughts while
overheated from active exercise.
10. Indigestible food taken late at night,
which.causes biliousness and other un-
pleasant symptoms.
There Is only one way in which health
can be maintained or regained in spite or
all these dangers which menace it, and
that is by the aid of a gentle, healthful
stimulant which will keep the blood in
proper circulation, destroy , impurities
which enter the system, and give vigor
and tone to the whole body. .Such an aid
is to be found in the use of Duffy's pure
malt whiskey, which physicians so
strongly recommend as the best and only
means of maintaining ■ health, strength
and energy at all times. The strongest
constitution Is certain to break down un-
less it is fortified by some potent agent of
the nature of the great preparation above
named and described.
1/ M |F>*^^£^4! 3 i
-^^^^^__aK EE A RR N Isri*
AMUSEMENTS.
fRIEDLANDEH GOT! 6C° UiMiS a ruuuun
CROWDED AGAIN LAST NIGHT! _*
The Production and the Low Prices Caught
the Town! The Great Farce Comedy. ,
Success,
TOWN TOPICS.
With the Celebrated
WORLD, KELLER AND MACK.
Prices— lsc, 23c and 50c— No higher.
COMING— F. Marion Crawford.
*&c€um#ja <^ualrc
RIEOtANOtH GOTUoB&C»umi*f «*■*•*»
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG
MINSTRELS.
A HOST OF o DIXG ii TAR FS! _ EATuRE _ l
NEXT MONDAY— Rice's "1492."
. . -
BALDWIN THEATER.
EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Madeline Lucette Ryley's Latest Comedy Suc-
cess, The
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE.
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and an ef-
ficient cast. .
Prices— Lower floor, $1 DO -and $1; Balcony,-
75c and EOc. ' ±L _
COMING— ANNA HELD.
i WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, MAR. 14.
Will H. Fox, comedian-pianist; Bush & For-
rest, comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
i Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom Mc-
! Intosh, ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
' ists; Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse. In-
| troducing the great Human Music Sheet— 6o col-
i ored vocalists; Rudinoft, fantastic delineator;
"Webb & Hassan, hand acrobats: Smith & Cook,
! dancing- comedians.- «,- -■-■»>-.--- ■'"■
Reserved Seats. 25c. Balcony, 10c. ,
| Chairs and Box Seats, EOc. ".•.■- •" ■■.
ALCAZAR. 6EAT ™
r\L^\^r\^jr%r\» main i
Seats' THIS WEEK ONLY. \
IS _ i MATINEE SATURDAY.-
25: The Laughable Comedy Drama.',
soi "THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
j . Next Week a Rattling Farce, \
"THE GIRL UP TO DATE." \
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager v
Sims' & Buchanan's Great Irish Racing Drama,
"THE ENGLISH ROSE."
Picturesque Irish Scenery. Jaunting Car.
Celtic Wit and Comedy. Ruins of Bally-
Veeney.
Evening prices. 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
,
PRONOUNCED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC
GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.
...JZ00,..
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD. ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
CHIQUITA AND A BIG PERFORMANCE.
Including Captain Cardono's Group of Trained
Lions.
Feeding of the Carnlvora at 5 and 10:S0 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, Be
g?m\ SIX FREE LECTURES
fffCs^E\ On Spirit, Soul Phrenology and Health,
\£jCJ5 j£ at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
*J Fifth st., neir M»rket, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of tho lite Prof. 0. 8. Fowler, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York.
Tuesday. March 15. 2:30 p. m.— "The Mys-
teries of Women, 11 ladies only. ,•_. ..
Wednesday, March 16. : :30 p. m.— • 'Affliction*
| of Women," ladles only.
! 'Friday, March 18. S p. m.— "Manhood; It*
Virtues and Faults,' gentlemen only.
Saturday, March 19, I p. m.— "Electricity :
I Its Application to Disease."
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. un'il March 31. at the California Hotel,
on Bush St.. near Kearny. • ■
. - — - —
Y. M. C. A.JUDITORIUM.
Wednesday Evening March 16,
SECOND VIOI_iI2ST
RECITAL.
MARTEAUI
Accompanied by
i_./voh/\utvve:,
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME —
Reserved Seats, $150. at the San Francisco
Music Store, 225 Sutter st
RACING! RACING! RACING!
— CALIFORNfA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1597-9S, Beginning MONDAY.
March 7, : to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK: ,
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
• FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:16 P. M. SHARP.
: . Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 .' m.
and 12:30, 1:00. 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. ■ Buy your ferry tickets . to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track at
'4:15 and 4:45 p. m.. and Immediately after the
last race THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. : . ;
CUPID IN CALIFORNIA.
, A Sparkling Picture Comedy by James
• Howard Bridge, Illustrated by over f Thre*
Hundred Beautiful Views.- . ■; .
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 16.
GOLDtN GATE HALL, 625 SUTTER ST.
- -■ 8 O'CLOCK. /
HI YMPIA Corner of Mrson anj
UL, I Wr-lrt Eddy Sueeti
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. ADAM SISTERS,
balladists; MOXTALAIS, soubrette: LESLIE,
vocalist; MARION,, danseuse; MULLIN -.:&*
WARD, novelty boxing; ARNELDO and US
. cthsrt. House heated- Admission inn*. .__
78
"JIM" REA TO BE
SUED FOR SLANDER
ASSAILED A
CHARTER CLUB
CANDIDATE
Ex-Councilman J. P.
Jarman Demands
Reparation.
His Record While an
Official of San Jose
Attacked.
Will Invite the Political Boss
to Prove His Charges in
Court.
THE "GANG" IN TROUBLE.
Corrupt Campaign Methods Not Meet
ing With Favor In the Gar
den City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— James W.
Rea, theSlocal political boss, will be
made defendant in a suit for slander
which is to be filed to-morrow by J. P.
jarman, the New Charter Club candi
date for Councilman-at-large.
Driven to desperation by the clean
and unassailable methods and the in
vulnerable ticket of the New Charter
Club, the "gang" has been resorting to
every trick and device known to cor
rupt politics to discredit the movement
for good government and those active
therein. Not daring to impeach by
open and fair means a single one of the
candidates put up by the Charter Club,
recourse has been had to the spreading
of malicious and slanderous reports by
word of mouth concerning the club, its
members and its candidates.
In singling out J. P. Jarman, whose
record while in the Council is beyond
reproach, and who stands with the very
best in this community, the "gang"
caught a tartar. While a member of
the Council Jarman had committed the
unpardonable sin, according to the
catechism of the gang, of not "stand
ing in" with the despoilers of the public
treasury. For this he has been hounded
ever since.
The action that led to the determina
tion to bring suit against Rea is told
in the words of J. P. Jarman:
"I was standing on First street," said
Mr. Jarman, "just south of the broad
gauge track this morning, supervising
some of my men who were painting a
house there. Rea approached from the
south and greeted me with 'Good morn
ing.' I made a remark about a man of
his character not being worth saying
"good morning' to. He said: 'What do
you mean?' I said he had been acting
the part of a coward, stabbing me in
the back with the good citizens of San
Jose. I told him he had been to Joseph
R. Patton, E. A. Kayes, S. G. Tomp
kins, Harry Edwards, Rush McComas.
Archie McDonald and T. S. Montgom
ery and told those men that I had made
$600 out of the purchase of a steam
roller for San Jose, and that to others
he had said I made $900 out of it. I
then said:
" 'I want you to understand that you
have told what is an absolute lie, be
cause no one knows better than you
that while I was in the Council my ev
ery action was in the interest of San
Jose, and that I was only one out of
eight, and that I was never" in co'lusion
on any proposition."
"He answered. 'What I have said be
hind your back I now repeat; that
there was $900 paid on the purchase
of that steam roller to some of the
Councilmen and that you got $400 of
it/
"I told him he was an infamous liar
and a disgrace to his family and to
mankind in general, and a disturbing
element in the community. He then
remarked that if I were an able-bodied
man he would thrash me. I replied
that I was not afraid of him in any
way he might choose to meet me, and
this ended the incident."
Mr. Jarman has lived in San Jose for
thirty years. He was brought up and
educated here and there has never
been a charge of dishonorable conduct
In private or public life made against
him. He feels this attack keenly and
does not propose to rest under the
stigma sought to be placed on him and
his family by those whose only object
is to further their political ends.
A. H. Jarman, a son of the ex-Coun
cilman, is an attorney. He has been
instructed by his father to bring suit
for heavy damages against Rea for
slander. He will have associated with
him E. A. Wilson. Besides the wit
nesses mentioned by Mr. Jarman in the
foregoing interview, there were sev
eral persons present to-day when Rea
repeated the attack upon Jarman on
the public streets.
It is trie intention of J. P. Jarman to
bring the steam roller transaction to
the attention of the Grand Jury. He
hopes by this course to be able to show
where the money went, if any was paid
to induce the Council to purchase the
steam roller from J. H. Maggard. Jar
man was chairman of the Street Com
mittee which recommended the pur
chase of the steam roller, but the pur
chase was not actually consummated
until after he had ceased to be a mem
ber of the Council. It was not pur
chased until it had been, given a week's
trial under the supervision of the pres
ent Council, which comprises J. P. Fay,
W. T. Nolting, George B. Dittus and
Julius Krieg.
CAMBODIAN REBELS
ROUTED BY SIAMESE.
Battle Fought in Battamborg With
Slight Loss to Either
Side.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BANGKOK, March 14.— 1t is officially
announced that a Siamese expedition.
1000 strong, operating in the province of
Battamborg. has defeated the Cambodian
rebels. In the last combat seven rebels
were killed and as many wounded on
both sides.
Thurston's Wife Dies in Cuba.
WASHINGTON. March 14. — Consul-
General Lee has notified the State De
partment of the death to-day at Sagua
la Grande of the wife of Senator Thur
ston of Nebraska on board the yacht An-
ItA-
J. P. JARMAN o? San Jose, Who Will Sue James W.
Rea for Slander.
ENDS HIS LIFE
AFTER LOSING
HIS FORTUNE
Reduced From Affluence to Perj
ury, C. E. French of F^edlands
Con)n)its Suicide.
REDLANDS. March 14.— C. E. French, at one time considered one of
Redlands' richest men, cut short his life with knife and bullet this
morning. French returned on Febuary 1 from Chicago, where he had
been for eighteen months operating on the Board of Trade and lost a
fortune of several hundred thousand dollars. Reduced from affluence
to penury, he returned to Redlands, where he lived for a number of
years and had hosts of friends, and here ended his life.
At one time French owned a handsome home and considerable busi
ness property in Redlands. He had cornered the hay market, but his
hay was burned. His wife soon died, and then he sold his property at
a sacrifice and with his little daughter returned to Chicago. He went
on the Board of Trade, was a plunger, and collapsed six months ago.
French married his second wife in November, 1896. When his fortune
was lost she returned to her home in Massachusetts. Realizing that
he could not live long, as consumption was dragging him down rapid
ly, he straightened all his affairs and arranged for his funeral with
out creating suspicion. After 10 o'clock Sunday night he cut the
arteries of his left arm above the elbow and at the wrist with a dull
pocket-knife. He caught the blood in a bathtub.
When the blood ceased to flow he took a pencil and wrote of his
failure to end his life by this means. He said he must resort to
butchery. He arose, put on his dressing-gown, got a revolver from a
valise he had packed to send to his wife, locked the valise, put the
key into an envelope addressed to his wife, adjusted towels above his
head to (%tch the blood and fired a ball through his head at the middle
of the forehead. No one heard the shot. He was found dead this
morning by his sister.
French had left letters to the postmaster, to the former manager of
his affairs and to his second wife. With the latter epistle was a $5 bill,
which he said was his "last five."
The suicide of French was one of the strangest ever recorded. After
the loss of over a quart of blood he calmly wrote the directions for
the disposal of his letters and belongings. His handwriting was steady
and unchanged from the ordinary.
French was 50 years of age. He was always pleasant and cheerful,
even when he realized that he must die of consumption before many
months. He had no enemies.
WILL PROSPECT
ON THE COPPER
Small Expedition to Sail From
Puget Sound To-
Day.
Ooes Well Outfitted With Supplies
on the Schooner
Hero.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 14.— A small expedi
tion, in charge of W. C. Button and H. L.
Moore, will sail to-morrow on the three
masted schooner Hera for the mouth of
the Copper River. It will go well out
fittted with supplies, and. has planned to
ascend the Kink River to its headwaters
and cross thence to Copper River. The
latter would be struck just at the begin
ning of the big bend to the eastward.
The plan is to prospect the headwaters
of the Copper River and then, crossing
the divide, go to the Tanana. It is ex
pected that gold will be found on either
the Tanana or the Copper.
Sutton. who is backing the proposition,
will send four men around by St. Michael
to go by steamship up the Tanana to the
head of navigation and camp there until
joined by his party. The idea is that the
four men can bring relief supplies and aid
in the development of strikes.
"I was in that country last year with
three companions," saia Moore this even
ing, "and have prospected all through
that country. Everywhere we went gold
was found in quantities that would pay
$5 or $7 a day, but nowhere would it have
paid to work. 1 believe that the upper
Copper River is rich, and we will get
there if any one does. Of the many peo
ple now heading that way very few will
ever reach the Tanana. It is a hard trip
and one that only strong men should un
dertake."
Railway Builders at Work.
SAN Ll'IS OBISPO, March 14.— 1t looVp.
very much as though the gap on the
Southern Pacific between Surf and El
wood is to be closed at once. The con
tractors, McMurtrie and Stone, have or
dered a full outfit of horses and mules to
Surf. They are now shipping tools, scrap
ers and men. The report was brought
yesterday from Lompoc that it had been
announced that 1000 men were to be em
ployed working constantly by electric
light at night, so that one shift would
immediately succeed another.
Befriending Foreign Birds.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— Senator
Hoar introduced a bill to-day prohibiting
the importation into the United States of
birds or their feathers for ornamental
purposes and imposing: a line of $50 for
each offense.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
STATE SENATORS
VISIT AGNEWS
Inspection of the Insane Asylum
by the Legislative Com
mission.
Members of the Board of Managers
of the Institution Closely In
terrogated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— The Senate com
mission that is Investigating the public
institutions of the State began its ses
sions at Agnews Insane Asylum to-day.
The commission consists of General John
EL Dickinson of San Francisco, who is
chairman; J. J. Boyce of Santa Barbara.
E. W. Chapman of El Dorado; J. J. Prisk
of (Jrnss Valley, C. M. Simpson of Pasa
dena, F. J. Brandon and a stenographer.
The members of the board of managers
were present at to-day's meeting. Man
agers Edward White .and Isaac Upham
were examined upon various matters con
nected wiht the routine business affairs
of the institution. The policy of the ad
ministration was thoroughly "gone into in
all its details. Steward F. C. Young was
examined. All witnesses were sworn,
and their testimony was taken down by
the official stenographer. The wards,
laundry, bakery and other departments
of the main buildings were inspected by
the commissioners.
This evening a meeting was held at the
office of the secretary, T. S. Montgomery,
in this city. Managers O. A. Hale and
J. R. Curnow were examined as to the
administration of affairs. The sessions
at the asylum will be concluded by Wed
nesday night and on Thursday and Fri
day the State Normal School of this city
will be visited.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES
IN RHODE ISLAND.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., March 14.-The
Democratic State Convention which met
here to-day nominated Hon. Danle!
Church of Tiverton for Governor; Fav
ette E. Bartlett of Burrellville for Lieii
tenant-Governor; Miles McNameen for
Secretary of State; George T. Brown for
Attorney-General, and Edmund Walker of
South Kingston for Treasurer.
Soundings for a Cable.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— Senator
Lodge to-day gave notice of an amend
ment he will offer to the naval appropria
tion bill, appropriating $25,000 for making
soundings for a cable line from the Ha
waiian islands to Japan and also to Aus
tralia.
BERRY CHARGED
WITH ASSAULT
Klondike King Sued by
a Man Whom He
Whipped.
James Bethel of Selma De
mands Pay for the Loss
of an Eye.
Scrimmage of Six Years Ago Re
called by the Issuing of a
Summons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 14. — Clarence J.
Berry, the Klondike king, has gone to
San Francisco, and in a few days will
sail for Alaska, to bring home in the
fall his share of the output of his
claims on the Klondike, which have
been worked during the winter. But
after him was sped a summons in a
$25,000 damage suit brought against
him this afternoon for an assault which
is alleged to have "been committed six
years ago. The action was brought by
James Bethel, who alleges that he lost
the sight of his right eye on account of
a beating which' he received from
Berry.
The complaint recites that on June
10, 1892, at the town of Selma, Berry
violently assaulted the plaintiff, caus
ing the permanent loss of his sight.
For loss of his eye Bethel demands
$20,000 damages. He further alTeges
that he suffered excruciating pain from
the assault and believes $5000 would
about compensate him for that.
Although the assault was committed
nearly six years ago, the statute limi
tation does not apply, for the reason
that Berry has been out of the State.
Berry last fall returned from the Klon
dike with nuggets galore. He imme
diately invested in diamonds, which
would sparkle from his shirt bosom and
scintillate from his fingers. So great
was the display of wealth by the re
turned Klondiker that he was yclept
"Klondike King." Bethel then con
cluded that if Berry had 'money to
burn" he (Bethel) ought to have some
of those nuggets for tne injury which
he suffered at the hands of the Klon
diker before the latter went to the gold
fields and made his rich strike.
A complaint was hastily prepared to
day and filed. A summons was im
mediately issued and sent to San Fran
cisco on the first train and will be
served upon Berry to-morrow.
It is not definitely known how soon
Berry intends to board the steamship
for the far north. The suit will not in- i
terfere with his contemplated trip, it i
is thought, for he will probably not pay
any attention to it. At least that is
what the plaintiff expects, but service J
will have been secured on him and that
is all that is desired at the present time.
When he returns from Alaska asrain.
with more nuggets, in all likelihood the
suit will be tried.
ATTACHMENT SUIT
AGAINST A BANK.
Friendly Action Involving a Formal
Demand for a Dead Man's
Estate.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Attorney W. C.
Kennedy of this city has begun attach
ment proceedings against the Bank of
British North America of San Francisco
to compel that Institution to give over
$2100 belonging to the estate of Samuel
Johnson to Public Administrator Secord.
The suit is a friendly one and only a for
mal demand for the money.
Johnson, who was an ex-soldier and
nearly 70 years of age, came to this city
five months ago. He complained of sick
ness and entered a private sanitarium on
North Third street. The next day he be
came insane and attempted to jump from
a second-story window. He was arrested
and committed to Agnews Asylum, where
he died a week later.
Among his effects were found certifi
cates of deposit showing he had over $7000
in various banks. A brother and sister
in Eastern Canada are the heirs. Public
Administrator Secord applied for and
was granted letters on the estate.
NOMINATED FOR OFFICE.
Men Who Have Been Chosen to Fill
Federal Positions.
WASHINGTON, Marcli 14.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate:
Horace H. Thomas, to be appraiser of
Merchandise, District of Chicago.
Herbert H. D. Pierce of Massachusetts,
to be Secretary and Edgar O. Achorn of
Massachusetts to be Second Secretary of
the Embassy at St. Petersburg, Russia.
R. E. Burwell of UKlahoma. to be As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma.
To be Registers of Land Offices— George
W. Fisher at Top^ka, Kans. ; John B.
West at Lewiston, Idaho.
Charles A. Sehlbeck of Oregon, to be a
Commissioner in and for the District of
Alaska.
Postmasters: California— M. Robinson,
Vacaville; J. N. Turrentine, Escondido.
Oregon— J. McMinn, McMinnville.
Washington— Oliver Hall, Colfax.
To be third lieutenants in revenue cut
ter service— William M. Blaisdell of Cali
fornia and W. A. Wiley of Ohio.
Death of a Pardoned Convict.
FRESNO, March 14.— Jose Maria Es
trado, who was pardoned from San Quen
tin a week ago by Governor Budd for a
murder committed in Kern County, for
which Estradn was sentenced to twenty
years' imprisonment, died in the County
Hospital this morning. He was at death's
door, and was pardoned on that account
last Monday.
Fight to a Draw.
CINCINNATI, 0., March 14.-Kid Le
fevre of this city and Tommy Cavanaugh
of Buffalo, fought a twenty-round draw
at the Dayton, Ky., Athletic Club to
night. Ihe fight was one of the gamest
and cleverest ever seen here
■.'-: ADVERTISEMENTS. •
I SPEAKINGp|||OF CURES! |
« Rupture Cured in Two .P^^gS? He Feels Like a Boy of %
a Months. Fifteen. s
0 — '-£$ — o
8 • Occidental, Calif.,
£ . Feb. 2Sth. IS9B.
£ DR. PIERCE & SON-Gentle-
£ men: I wish to inform you that the Truss
f^ which I purchased at | your office the 6th
" , of last ■ December CURED ; me of Rupture
O in TWO MONTHS. I am over sixty years
££ - of age. •;
w There is no mistake about the fact that
'•* . your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss
££ will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I
w, heartily recommend it to all ruptured . per-
JJ sons. Yours sincerely, ; C. S. COLLINS.; ..
Of If ruptured, call or send 2c In stamps for
j-j our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted
'*v. at office without extra charge. •; Address
# MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
'& AOA MARKET STREET. -Opposite •
« vf^Vf Palace Hotel, San - Francisco,
w Or 35 and. 36 Sullivan Block. 712 First aye.,
. # :-f ■: SEATTLE. '
NATION MOURNS
ITS HERO DEAD
Condoling Messages Pour
in Upon the Family
of Rosecrans.
Old Comrades in Arms Tell of
the Loss They Have
Sustained.
Veterans of the Soldiers' Home Will
Attend the Funeral on
Wednesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 14.—T0-mor
row the body of General W. S. Rose
crans will lie in state at the City Hall.
The remains will be conveyed to the
municipal building under the special
escort of a detachment of militia com
manded by Brigadier-General C. F. A.
Last. The pallbearers will include rep
resentatives from all local civic bodies
and two citizens. On Wednesday fun
eral services will taKe place at the ca
thedral. Bishop Montgomery will de
liver the funeral sermo-n. There will
be a large attendance of veterans from
the Soldiers' Home, near Santa Monica.
Without doubt the funeral will be the
largest ever held in Southern Califor
nia.
In his reply to the City Council,
which offered the public T>uilding to the
late General Rosecrans' family, his son
Carl wrote:
"Your kind offer of the City Hall as
a temporary depository for the remains
to lie in is accepted by the General's
family as the most fitting place for the
people to take a last look at the great
commander, who was ever their
friend."
Among the telegrams of condolence
received by the family to-day were the
following:
You have my deepest sympathy In the
loss of your father, my old comrade,
whose patriotic services to his country
we will always gratefully remember, and
whose character will ever be affection
ately cherished by his comrades.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Archbishop Ryan— Sincerest condolences
on the loss of your noble father.
Chauneey M. Depew— My heartfelt sym
pathy is with you all in your bereave
ment. You have the satisfaction of
knowing that among the most distin
guished citizens that this country has
ever produced was your father. My own
recollection of him in thirty years is of
the most brilliant and faithful of friends.
General H. V. Boynton— The general's
death is a sore affliction to us all. lo me
it is like a death in my own fann.y. Ac
cept tne deepest sympathy for your sister
and yourself. The army of the Cumber
land mourns.
General D. S. Stanley, former chief of
cavalry for the dead warrior— l express
my great sorrow at the death of my god
father, and sympathize with yourself and
sisters.
A Morrisey. president of the University
of Notre Dame— The faculty of the Lni
versity of Notre Dame joins witn me in
deepest sympathy at the loss of your
noble father.
Among the objects of particular in
terest that will be displayed in the fu
neral pageant will be the sword pre
sented to General Rosecrans during the
war by the citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
also the headquarters fla~ which he
used at the battle of Carnifex Ferry,
and which was torn to tatters by shot
and shell. On the sword is engraved
a paragraph of the speech General
Rosecrans delivered to the Legislature
, f West Virginia when he turned that
State over to the civil authorities. It
reads:
"My mission among you is that of a
fellow citizen charged with the duty
by the Government of restoring law
and order."
• ■ — '
DUNHAM SUSPECTED OF
MASSACHUSETTS MURDERS.
Sheriff Lyndon of Santa Clara
County Goes East to
Investigate.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Sheriff Lyndon
left for the East with Edwin A.
Lowe, who embezzled $1800 from the New
ton, Mass., postoffice; but ostensibly the
trip is taken for the purpose of investi
gating the report that a number of mur
ders committed at Brookfield. Mass., a
few months ago were the work of James
C. Dunham, the slayer of the McGlincy
family at Campbell. Sheriff Lyndon was
especially deputized by United States
Marshal "Baldwin to take Lowe East, and
will be gone three weeks.
It is said the murders at Brookfield
were perpetrated by a man answering
Dunham's description, and the mode of
killing was the same as in the case of
the McGlincys. an ax being used. It is
known Dunham has relatives in that part
of Massachusetts, and there is a prob
ability that the Brookneld murderer and
Dunham may be one. Sheriff Lyndon
thinks that may be the fact, and the
trip is made to satisfy himself in that
particular. The Brookfield assassin has
never been caught.
KENTUCKY COMMUNITY
RAVAGED BY SMALLPOX.
Seventy Patients and Four Hundred
Suspects Reported at Middles
• borough.
MIDDLESBOROUGH, Ky., March 14.—
The smallpox situation here has become
so serious that the Government has sent
Past Assistant Surgeon Wertheimer, of
the United States army, to take charge
of the pesthouse. The State medical au
thorities surrendered only on orders from
Frankfort. The county refused to sup
port the pesthouse, and the inmates were
011 the verge of starvation. There are
seventy smallpox patients and 400 sus
pects. "This entire community is alarmed
and almost demoralized, as the disease is
epidemic in the adjoining counties in Vir
ginia and Tennessee.
WH. H. SAWYER of E°rdell O
Station. Sonoma County, writes £>
as follows: r?i
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con- &
slder your 'Galvanic Chain Belt' to be one ££
lof the greatest inventions on etfrth. for it A
I has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR O
' that I feel as young and spry as a boy of 15
: fllteen years of age. Without your Belt I rT
I felt weak and without energy; but with 0
your Belt and Suspensory on I am one of
I the most active, vigorous and happy men
I you will be able to meet anywhere. Your &
I P.elt Is certainly a wonderful invention, w
j and if others only knew as much about It '•*
as I do, no man or woman In the State of i%
California would be without It for a single
I day." «
For full particulars of Dr. Pierces Patent 1%
Electric Belt call or send stamp for our
nf-w Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- &•
dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO . 620 Market y>(
St., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan **
Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. 0
AD VERTISEME-N TS.
Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
I'/ B \\ V 1^ Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
8 STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS .STANDARD OF ME3IT
o __ &
» wL? %L;'lVi^ 111 II I* a
I a ■ (j)I.ZjJ 1
g WHY WE ARE BUSY, g
Z\ R ECAUSE WE SELL STYLISH. '
# *-» well-made Shoes cheaper than our Q
w competitors. There is no sentiment in *<
** business — prices talk — and we are doing '•*
« the business because we give the best £t
values and have the largest assort-
8 ment. This week a special leader: Q
w Children's and Misses' Extra Vie! Kid w
'•* Lace Shoes, with silk brocaded vesting «
i*( tops, new coin toes and tips, spring «
~ heels— CZ
Q Child's size*. 8 to 10% $1 25. «
w Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 1 50. y«
« Child's Dongola Kid Button Shoes. *«
« patent leather tips, spring heels, sizes ££
™ 6 to 9; reduced to 50c.
& Call and get estimates on Klondike iJt.
w footwear before purchasing elsewhere, w
'■* "We have the largest and best-selected w
« stock in this city. . ' «
;C~ Country orders solicited. Send for New
8 Illustrated Catalogue. Address %t
» B. KATCHINSKI, »
& PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., &
rt 10 Third St.. San Francisco. jy
j KLONDIKE 1
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of.
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping: qnal-
Ity ; iience,' no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
1 ■ 4
MADE ME A MAN
MAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
rJT "1 A LTj JXerrou* Diseases— Failing Mem-
w s» ft 1 ory, Impot£ncy , Sleeplessness, etc., caused
W , X\ 'by Abase or other Excesses and India-
's. crctions. They quickly and surely
j. restore JLost Vitality in old oryonne. and
>«S^/C^fc. fit a man for study, bjsic^js or marriage. ;
! > Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in me. Their cso shows iamediato improve- j
ment and effects a CUKE where all other fail In- :
sist upon having the centime Ajax Tablets. They ;
hare cared thousands and will cure you. We give a pos-
itive written gaarantee to effect a euro CAATA is
each case or refund tho money. Price wv V I per
package; or six pieces (fall treatment) for (2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Oircnlar
tiea - AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 r ££!r7,^
For sale in San Francisco by Leipnltz A Co..
KG Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 933 Mlct.
I}r.multy;
fyms vr f ;[.r,Kxnwx AND RKMABLE Or.l.
■i Bpet^allst cures l'rlvat<vNervous,B!oo<i and
Diseu.s»-.s of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-•o years* experience. Send for Book, free. JVtlents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
aally;C::»t.>S.:»rv'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly conflden tla'- Cull or address
IP. RCSCOE yicljiVL.'T-r. 31. !>.. -
26^ Kcarnr Street. San FranriMo. Col
E "^PATENTS f 3
J^^OMARKET ST. Sf.^B/_
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
\r^mmJiAmM\ CALIFORNIA
:^^(^||; LIMITED.
:i?i?^™i^i SAN FRANCISCO
|tifgiuirkyAg l iBMa|j CHICAGO.
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flrst-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
■ • Pullman ' Palace Drawing- Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, 4% days to New York '
i
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing- September '
15, ISaT. ">"oer j
WEEK DATS.,
For Mill Valley and San iiafael— •7-25. »9-*)
11:30 a. m. *1:45, 3:45. •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. in"
Extra • trips - for San Rafael on - Mondays'
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '♦
- . SUNDAYS. •
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:00. 'IS Oft.
•11:30 a. m. *1:15, 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
; Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:16 a. m. week days for Cazade-ro and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. : Saturdays (mixed train) for '
Duncan Mills > and way stations; . 8:00 a. ! m. i
i Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. -
EAILE.OAD TRAVEL. <
COITHIIO l-Atlt'K' CO3ji»AJnr.
(PACIFIC »vmi:.m.)
Tr*!» !•>»»■«> itn<l »■-<■ flue to nrrlViS mi
KAN I'ltASi«:iK<;«.
(Main Line. Foot cf Market Street) •
leave — From January 1, 1898. — ARitrva
•G:OO~rNn7-s, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
7:OO\ Benid*. Suisun tail Sacramento.... 10:43*
7:OOa MarjsvlUc, OrovUlo aud Bedding Tia
Woodland s:ii?p: ii? p
7:OOa VacaTillo ami Rumscy *»* •»*
• 7:30 a Martinez, San liamon. Vallejo. Xapa,
Calistoca and Santa Kosa 6iisp .
Br<*OA Atlantic l-2ipresa, Ogilen and Kast.. 8:131
»:i*OA Jfiles, San .1..3<-, atocktou, lone.
Sacramento, MaryßTillc, C'hico,
Tehamft acd Reil ISltlff 4«13p
! •»:3Oa Peters, Milton Oakdale »7«15»
i 9:UOa Kew (>rle4na Kxprcca, Merced, Ray-
mond, I'resiKi, Uaken:ield. Santa
lini'liarn, l<is AiHCelm, Deiaing,
; A" El I'aso, New Orleans and Kast. 6i4S»
B:OOa Vftllejo. Martinez, Merced and
Froono I««13*
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steiimera •!>:<>l>p
IxOOp Nlles. San Jcsoacd Way Stations.. JO: 13.1
l:::or Martinez and Way Stations 7:43f
2:O«p Livermoro, Mendota, Hanford and
Vi3alia - 4:137
U»eraiore, San Jose. Nilea and way
Station* tlCil«\
4iOOp Mitrtiiiez, Sau Itamon, Vallejo.
Kapa, Oulistogii, lit Yeraiio and
Santa Itosa : ••■»»
4i««r Beaida, VacaviUc. Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marjsville, Oro-
v T'lle ami iSttcrnnieiito.. I»:4»4
4iSor Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. ?<ls*
4:UOp Latlxrop, Modesto, Mercefl, roiuli.
Fresno, Mojare (for Randsburg),
Santa l'arliara and [x» Aufele*.. 7«43*
4i»«P Bantu I'o Kciite. Atlantic Kxi>re»»
for Mojavo ami Knt tif***
. «I5:»Op " Sunset. Limited." Los Angeled, Er ,'
Paso, Fort Worth, Little lTock. St.
Louis, Chicago and £ast StO:I3A ■
«f»:3op " Sunset limised Annex," El Paso,
New Orltuns and East |I0:I3a
•:OOrKiiri>vc:vii Mail, Ugdmi and l':ust.... 9:l.">a
6:«0p llhvwhiilk. Niksuml Kan Jose 7:4.1 a
t*:O»i> Vullejo t7:45p
tiiOOp Orejfon Suc-runieiitii, Maryii-
tillc, KeddiMg, I'ortlttinl, ruget
S).iui.l :i;iil i:a,Ht 8:13 a .
t»AK JihAM>K(» AMI IUVWAUI)^ IiOCAI..
(Foot of Market Street.) _^
IMJTOOA ") 7 7*l2*
S:O«a llflrosp, Seminary Park, 'IS : 4? A
lO.'oiit Kitrlibarff, Klmliunt, 11:134
tll:OO\ San Lcandro, South Kan T : iiJ*
.2.°.?.. 2 . °.?. I^ndro,EBt .imo, HA-,1
ibVoop Lorenr), Cherry 1 ti-.iSp
4:«0p ' |5:4Sp
O:O4»p » u<l OUSP
Oiaop naywarils. i 2 : 15
7t«»ui- | I ***ZPZ P
*:00? I { Runs through to Nile*. ! ,S : -?, P
8:00i> : From Milts 10:. .Cp
ttll;lsl'J r ° m ' lt8 ' ttiarOQy
! COAVI' UIVIHiOM (Narrow <«««(,'<).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Hui3A Nou-iiv][.rfiitcivi;i,-.H:iii.l.iBe.Kf!t(..n,
IlonhlcrCnek, Santa Cm and Way
Stations *!»•»
*Sil3p Newark, CeuterTlllo, San .lose, New
Aluiadcn, rcltoii. HoiiUler Creek.
Santa Crux and Tiiuciiial Way
Stations •!•!»••
4iin i- Newark. Hau .l<i*e and Los Gates ... 0:80 a
t11«45p Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Sratioi.s t7:gor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from SIR FRANCISCO— FoaI of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11.-00a.ji. "12:30 -•.•2:00- ■ : 13:09
•4:00 I ' to:00 ' *C:OOr.M.
from CilUKD— Foot of Broadwiy.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tl3:00 »l:00 12:00 »3:00 t<--3 *s:C3p.m.
"~~" A Si' HI VISION (Uroadllauge). "
' (TUird and Towngend St<.)
«i33a hau .lose ar,i Way Stations -'New
Alraaden Weduesdajauulj) «i3sa
•iOOa Kbii : 1080, Tics i'inos, Santa Cruz,
l'acilic (iiove. I'ftso Kobics, San
lints UliiKim, Guadalupe, Surf and
Vriiicipnl Way SUti.mH 4:13p
1O:IOa San .lose mid Way .Stations «S:OOa
11:3Ua Ban Jose mul Wity Stations 8:33 a
•Sl:3Oi> San Mated, Redwood. -Menlo lark,
Santa Clara, Kan Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey ai»l Tacilic «Jro»o *IO:4Oa,
•B:lspSaii.losea:idrrinclpal Way Stations *9:«>«a
•■islSr San Josean.l Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:o»p San .' jse and Principal Way .Stations 1 :SOp
5:80p San .Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30r
«::s«p Sail Jose aud Way Stations 7:20p
t11:45r San JosoaixlWay Stations.... 7:aop
~~^ A for Morning. I 1* or Afternoon.
•Hundavs J Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
+ : Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights aclj.
Mondays and Thursdays.
: _ | Wednesdays and Saturdays. : : -_" ..-, ■
! SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
' . TibuponVerry, Foot oS Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 13:15.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday Extra trip
st 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:a»-
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. ll:P0 a. m.; 1:80. S:M.
6.00. 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, &-.10 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. I:43l.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San- Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ■--»•«•-:-
Leave ,n, n p(Tw ,. Arrive
San Frauclsco. OotT 2i.' pan Prancls<? *
Week I Sun- n»iti^ui~ Sun- ! Wee^t
Days. j gays. Destination day!^ ( day^
7 :s»a.m. ! 8 :66a.m. Novato, 110:40a.m.l B:4ta.m.
8:30 p.m. ! y:3oa.m.y :30a.m. Petal'ima. I 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
o:lop.iu. 's:oUp.in. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. ti:22p.m.
7:i)Up.m. Fulton.
! Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
7 20a.m. Eealdsburs:,
l^ytton.
Geyservlile,
S :00a.m. ! Cloverdale. ! 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
j ~~ | Uopland and ; ■ ■
7:50n..m.|8-00a.m.| Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. «:22p.tn.
7:3Ua-ni. ' 1 10:2^0.m.
S :00a.m. GuernevlUe. j 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. i 1 ? ■ • I 6:23 p.m.
7 :l»a.m. -s :UUa.m. ■ Sonoma 10 :40 a.m. b :Wa, no. r
and :, .
6:10 p.m. o:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. I 6:220 m.
7130a.ra.15:00a.m.) cpbiatrnoL |10:40a.m.]10:25a,m.
3 :30 p.m. 15 :00 p.m. I Seoaatcpol. | 7;Ssp . m : : 22p.m.
'■ Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Fprings: at Geyservtlle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakpport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley**, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonvllle.
Orrs Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.'
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
J duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ornces— 650 Market etrcet. Chron'.clt
building.
A. W. FOSTER. P.. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Mana^or. Gen. Pass. Art.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY -CIiMPANY.
Frcm September 10. lilrt. trains will run as
follows: .. . _
T SouthDoan.l I ! Northbound.
. Vassen- '■ Mixed c tatlon< . !- Mixed . Passat
■ per Sunday jj 3 0 - 13 - Sunday 'per
• Dally. Exc'ptd— Excp'tJ Daily
7:20 a.m. ; 9:03 a.m. Stockton -6:45 p.m. 5:40 nT
: t:iu;i.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 n.™.
30:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J;o0 a.m. •'•'D am
11 :4U a.m. 6:20 p.m. llanfori . -.45 a.m. 115 pm,
12:15 p.m. . 8:49 p.m. VisalU 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. m
btoppin? at intermediate po lms wnen require!
Connections— At Stockton" with "stVamboaur of
C. X. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco an*
Stockton lat 6 p. tn. dally: at Merced with
i-tages to and from SneliinßS. Cotiltcrville. etc ;
also with stage ; for Hornltos. Martpoaa,' . etc ;
at Lankershiw with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
' (Via bausalito Ferry). ' •■
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem.
ber 13. 1597: . ,
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:43 p. m . " ;
■ Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 n.'m.'
Bound, trip from Mill Valley $1 T^RELIGIOUS PARALYSIS IN SONG
Quite a stir was created at the meeting of the ministers of the Christian
Churoh when Rev. A. M. Elston of Berkeley made an attack on some of
the time honored hymns sung in Protestant churches, in a paper on "The
ministry of music In the church services." The speaker declared that
music should always be used in all the churches. He stated that it did
good and increased devotion. Singing was one of the sweetest acts of wor
ship, and all should take part in the service of song.
He spoke in strong terms against such hymns as "Jesus, Lover of My
Soul," "The World Is All a Fleeting Show." "I Would Not Live Alway,"
"The World's a Wildorness of Woe' and "They Shall lay Their Burdens
Down."
"Singing." he said, "is calculated not only to quicken the singer's piety,
but also to infuso like feeling in others. A lecturer in the East not long
ago tri.d to prove that the tendency of music is to demoralize rather than
elevate. Perhaps the reason for this conviction is that much of the con
gregational singing contains neither good music, good poetry nor healthy
religion. To some the songs of the church are the means of emotional
raptures instead of true spiritual enjoyment. To others they are senti
mental opiates that put to sleep. To others a clinic that soothes and re
freshes their sick souls. To others a sleeping car in which they are car
ried to the ski- s on flowery beds of ease.
"The sentiment of the song does not always correspond with our convic
tions. We sympathize with the converted Jew. who being told that he
must eat pork as a proof that he was a real Christian, thus protested in
song:
" 'Oh, must we eat the flesh of swine.
Because Lord Jesus we are thine?"
"Again, some people's religion fluctuates with the phases of their hope
and hence no songs are more popular with such than those that express
these fluctuations:
" "How tedious and tasteless the hours when Jesus no longer I see,
Sweet prospects, sweet birds and sweet flowers have all lost their
sweetness to me.'
"Or the more doleful strain:
" "Tis a point I long to know.
Oft it causes anxious thought;
Do I love the Lord or no;
Am I His or am I not?'
How deplorable the condition of a Christian who can sing such songs with
spirit and understanding. In religion we want reality. Wherever else we
may be in doubt, here we crave the unchanging, immutable, the eternal.
Nor would 1 have the church sing that theological falsehood, woven Into
verse, 'This world is all a fleeting show, for man's illusion given.'
God never did belittle His omnipotence by creating anything for a
fleeting show, or for man's illusion. That sentiment must have
been composed by a Christian Scientist. It is no evidence of true
piety for a Christian to sing, even when in the depths of despair,
would not live alwny, I ask not to stay,' or 'This world's a wilderness of
woe.' Surely he is" not rrmking the best of life or he would wish to live
;!S i,, ng as possible. This world is not a wilderness of woe, except to him
who makes it so. Even heaven would be a wilderness of woe to him that
would make the earth such.
"Sometimes a chronic indifference or a religious paralysis prompts some
to sing:
" 'Hide me, O my Savior, hide.
Till the storm of life is past.
Give me, Lord, a glorious ride
And receive my soul at last.'
"Other lazy Christians forecast the time in song when 'They shall lay
their burdens down.' but before singing that with the spirit and under
standing they should be sure first whether they have taken any burdens up.
We are not placed here simply to die, or travel a wilderness of woe, or to
hide or lay burdens down." ■
Mr Elston suggests that instead of these hymns the people should sing
such as, "Am I a Soldier of the Cross?" "Soldiers of Christ Arise," "I
Love Thy Kingdom, Lord," and others.
BIG GUNS
FOR HARBOR
DEFENSE
Formidable Land Bat
teries Are Able to
Defend the City.
Presence of the Battleship
Oregon Is Desirable, but
Not Essential.
*
Tremendous Fire That the Great
Cannon Could Concentrate
on a Hostile Ship.
TARGET-PRACTICE ORDERS
General Shafter Looking for a Light
Artillery Range in the San
Joaquin Valley.
Some people seem to fancy that the
ixture 6f the battleship Oregon to
Join the great squadron at Key West
would leave San Francisco without
proper protection. There is no good
cause for such apprehension, because
the forts guarding this harbor are ca
oable of standing off any fleet that
Gpain could send to the Pacific. The
country may need the services of the
battleship Oregon to form a line of
battle with the lowa and Indiana as
an object lesson or something more for
the Spanish.
The military authorities understand
xv hat is needed for the protection of
this harbor. If an element of weak
ness existed the. Secretary of War
would be advised of ..he weak places.
tThe Monterey, Monadnock, the Phila
delphia and Charleston are within easy
reach to assist the batteries at Fort
Point, and Lime Point.
Much important work has been done
on the land during the past thirty days.
The ten-inch battery at Fort Point has
been reinforced by the addition of two
guns, so there are now five ten-inch
lifles in position. Five twelve-inch
guns commanding a fine sweep of the
ocean can be depresseu to bring under
fire a ship attempting to pass through
the narrow channel between Lime
Point and Fort Point. Three more
twelve-inch guns at Fort ISaker, to
gether with the sixteen mortars and
three dynamite guns on the peninsula
can also be brought into use at long
or short range. When one considers
the possible concentration of fire at the
narrowest point of the Golden Gate it
can be understood that a hostile fleet
'here would have little chance of sur
vival. A steel projectile of the twelve
inch rifle weighs a half-ton. When a
full charge of 450 pounds of powder is
applied the projectile obtains a force
lent to pierce the armor of any
ironclad that floats. The great guns
on Limp Point, nearly five hundred feet
above the water, are so high that a
plunging fire against the deck of a ship
may be delivered. a ..
The fact is readily appreciated by the
army and navy authorities that San
Francisco is not in a defenseless condi
tion, and while the presence of the Ore
gon in the harbor may oe desirable the
ship is not essential to the protection
of the city.
The large supply of ammunition which
came from Benicfa Arsenal recently
-has been placed in the magazines of
Athe Presidio and Lime Point. The
™iigh-power guns are inspected every
day, so that everything shall be in or
der for immediate use. Word comes
from the East that a very large supply
of ammunition to replenish the stock
in the arsenal at Benicia is on the rail,
so whatever the conditions may be
elsewhere in the United States it can be j
said that San Francisco is not at the
mercy of a hostile fleet. The work on
the fortifications is progressing with so
much speed that the new battery of
sixteen 12-inch rifled mortars will soon
be ready for use.
Troops at the Presidio receive no
signs to indicate that they will be sent
south. Officers of the First Infantry
believe that the regiment will remain
at this station, even should war with
Spain be declared. The rumor of change
of station to meet war contingencies
has not pointed to any change in the
distribution of forces on this coast. Ac
tual war would require an increased
force of men at the high-power guns,
and hence soldiers of the infantry
might be utilized for that duty in pref
erence to volunteers.
Orders were issued yesterday from
the headquarters of the Department of
California announcing' target practice
as follows for the current year:
Heavy artillery — The month of April.
Infantry — The months of May and
June. *
The practice of the companies sta
tioned at Benicia Barracks will be held
at the Presidio, under special instruc
tions to be issued hereafter by General
Shafter.
It is not settled yet where the tar
get practice of the light artillery will
be held. It *■*—" place near Redwood
City last year and there is where the
defective shrapnel was discovered by
Captains Potts and Califf. The de
partment commander is looking this
year for a new range. Last week he
sent Major Edward Field, artillery in
spector, and Lieutenant John D. Miley,
Fifth Artillery, on a trip through the
San Joaquin Valley to find a desirable
place. The officers returned ip head
quarters last Sunday. They found
some good places for light artillery fir
ing in practice work and also found
water and other accommodations. A
range of three miles, with freedom from
houses and other interposing objects, is
necessary. It goes without saying that
every man of the artillery service will
have hi#eye on the shrapnel when the
shells of this pattern begin to fly.
The Third Artillery at the Presidio
will soon receive a new lieutenant-col
onel to take the place of Colonel E. B.
Williston, promoted to command the
Sixth Regiment. It is thought that
Major W. F. Randolph, commanding
the light artillery battery at Fort
Riley will come to the Presidio. He
goes up to the grade of lieutenant
colonel, and is likely to be assigned to
this station to succeed Williston.
The soldiers in this department are
heartily glad that General Graham
gets an important command at the
front, or the prosepctive front, on the
gulf. The soldierly qualities of the
general are appreciated by the officers
and men who served under him at this
and other stations.
BEAT) IT IN THE CALL.
Natives of Italy Are Anxious ts Go
to the Gold Fields of the
Klondike.
The California-Alaska Navigation and
Commercial Company was in receipt yes
terday of a letter from Italy asking for
information about the Klondike and the
beat way of getting there. It was under
the date of February 25, from Plan de
Drrla. San Columbane, Chivari, Italy,
and was as follows:
Sirs: Having read considerable in The Call
about the discovery of gold in Alaska and the
prevailing excitement. I wish to state that
many young men of this environ who are able
to raise the passage nnd outfitting money are
f>riK»r to undertake the voyage. We wish to
obtain all the Information possible, I mean
such as would be required In traveling from
your city to Dawson. Respectfully yours, t
A. GAOLIARDO.
The writer in a portion of the letter
asks for the specific kind of advice that
he desired. The officials of the company
anticipate that quite a large number of
fortune-seekers will come from Italy.
Lawrence's Bluff.
Chief Lees received a telephone mes
sage yesterday irom the Examiner office
asking "Why In don't you arrest
Huntington?" The Chief at once placed
himself in communication with the
Southern Pacific offices, and In the after
noon Attorney Frank C. Cleary called at
police headquarters with $500 cash bail
and H. E. Huntlngton's name was en
tered on the City Prison register. He is
charged with violating sections 1 and 4 of
order 2566 of the Board of Supervisors in
not having fenders on trie electric cars.
The complaining witness Is A. M. Law
rence of the Examiner, who swore to the
complaint some weeks ago when lie knew
that Huntington had left the city for the
East.
Coal Dealers' Arraignment.
United States District Judge de Haven
has fixed April 22 as the date for tho ar
raignment of the Indicted members of the
Coal Dealers' Association.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. RothacbUd. 211 Butter, r. 6 & 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
CITIZENS OPPOSE
THE BOULEVARD
Bush Street May Still
Be Open to Public
Travel.
The Supervisors Recognize a
Scheme to Obstruct
Traffic.
Yellow Journalism Receives a Roast
at the Hands of Supervisor
Smith.
The Board of Supervisors heard a vigor
ous protest against the establishing of a
boulevard on Bush street yesterday when
J. M. Manning appeared before the meet
ing and demanded that the Supervisors
give the matter a full and thorough hear
ing before deciding or declaring the thor
oughfare a boulevard.
Mr. Manning declared that he repre
sented 12,000 front feet of Bush, street, and
that the majority of property owners
were against the boulevard.
He said that the scheme to make a bou
levard was put up by a certain street
railroad company, and that It was against
the best Interests of the citizens who live
on Bush street.
Supervisor Clinton supported the peti
tioner* and expressed his opinion that
many of the signatures on the petition for
a boulevard had been purchased, either
by influence or otherwise. It was finally
decided to hear the matter as a special
order of business at the meeting of the
Street Committee that will be held a
week from Thursday next. At that time
all parties interested will be represented
and the question of boulevard or no bou
levard will be definitely settled.
Supervisor Smith expressed his opinion
of sensational Journals that publisn un
founded reports regarding the actions of
the board. He said that a morning paper
had published a report that had tended to
convey the impression tnat the Judiciary
Committee had "stood in" on certain ball
bonds that were known to be shaky. He
called on the records to show that the ac
tion taken had been on the advice of the
attorney employeu to look into the matter
and that the committee was not to blame.
J. H. Robinson was engaged as special
attorney to collect from the State the
money that is claimed to be due for the
maintenance ot orphans. His commission
will be 15 per cent.
The City and County Attorney was in
structed to appear for the city in the suit
brought by the Italian Benevolent Society
to test the right of the city to prevent
burkils in the City Cemetery.
The site selected for the new City and
County Hospital was approved.
The Clerk of the Board was instructed
to advertise for bids for the lighting of
public buildings for the next two years.
Bids for the paving of Market street
from Second to Fifth were received as
follows:
City Street Improvement Company, $20,
000, with an allowance of $5000 for old
material; Facific Paving Company, $23,750,
with $100 allowance for old material; San
Francisco Paving Company, $25,850, with
no allowance; Fred J. French, $25,857, $1
allowance; Alcatraz Asphalt Company,
$26,241 30, no allowance. The matter was
referred to the Street Committee.
Mayor Phelan presented a veto of cer
tain bills for the public lighting, claiming
that they were in excess of the amount
allowed by the one-twelfth act.
The order allowing boxing permits on
the payment of $100 for each exhibition
was finally passed.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Greenwich. Leavenworth to point 137:6 feet
easterly— sidewalkK. to Flinn & Treacy.
Post, Grant avenue to Stockton— Paving, to
E. W. Fuller.
Eureka, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Same, to
Union Paving Company.
Eighteenth, southerly to Corbett avenue-
Sewering, right of way, to L. C. Williams.
J, Eighth to Tenth avenues, to H, to Four
teenth avenue— Sewering, to J. H. Belser.
Ninth. Point Lobos avenue to A— Same, to
L. C. Williams.
Alpine to Waller— Sewering, right of way, to
same.
Ninth avenue to A— Sewering; to City Street
I Improvement Company.
Bernice, Thirteenth to point SO feet north
erly—Laying of sidewalks, to Flinn & Treacy.
Seventeenth avenue, Clement to California —
Macadamizing, etc., to McHugh & Sfteerin.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREET WORK.
Lombard, from point 137:6 feet east of
Baker to point 137:6 feet easterly— Paving with
curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on north
erly line.
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Regrading,
paving, curbs, etc.
Pine, Laguna to Buchanan — Sidewalks.
Clay, Walnut to Laurel— Paving.
Mission to Brook — Curbs, paving, storm
water inlets, etc.
Mission and Randall— Same.
Mission and Cortland avenue to Brook —
Curbs, paving, gutterway*, etc.
Mission, Brook to Randall— Same.
San Jose avenue, Twenty-fifth to Twenty
sixth—Curbs and paving.
Hill, Noe to Castro— Sidewalks on northerly
side.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Lombard, Pierce to Scott— Curbs and paving.
Lombard and Pierce— Paving.
Lombard and Scott— Same.
Third avenue, Clement to California street —
Regrading and remacadamizlng.
Church, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Curbs,
paving, culvert, etc.
Church and Thirteenth— Paving, artificial
stone sidewalks, curbs, etc.
Church, Thirteenth to Hermann— Curbs and
paving.
St. Marys avenue. Mission street to right of
way of Southern Pacific Railroad — Curbs, gut
terways and sidewalks.
Central avenue and Haight— Artificial stone
sidewalks.
Fourteenth, Dolores to Market— Curbs and
paving.
Ninth avenue, X street to Doint 125 feet
south of P— Grading, curbs, macadamizing,
etc.
Jessie, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Curbs and
paving.
Reservoir. Market to Church — Pipe sewer,
curbs, paving, etc.
Twenty-fifth avenue, Clement street to Point
Loboß avenue — Pipe sewers, etc.
Allen, Hyde to Union— Curbs, p'avlng and
sldewulks.
Delgado place, Hyde street to easterly ter
mination—Pipe sewer, etc.
Eighth, Howard to Folsom— Artificial stone
sidewalk.
San Jose avenue. Twenty-second to Twenty
third—Curbs, paving and grading, etc.. on cor
ner of Alvarado street and San Jose avenue.
Central place, Pine to »outherly termina
tion — Paving nnd reconstruction of curbs.
WiMey avenue, Filliuore street to Stelner —
Pipe sewer, etc.
Waller, Central avenue to Masonic— Curbs
and paving.
Twenty-sixth. Valencia to Mission— Same.
Seventh, Hubbell to Irwln — Grading, curbs
and paving.
San Jose avenue, Alvarado to Twenty-third
street — Pipe sewer, etc.
San Jose avenue and Alvarado street — Same.
San Jose avenue, Alvarado to Twenty-second
street— Same.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Potrero avenue. Division to Alameda streets-
Curbs and paving. N>
Potrero avenue and Alameda street — Paving.
Potrero avenue, Alameda to Fifteenth — Curbs
and paving.
Potrero avenue and Fifteenth— Paving.
Potrero avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Curbs
and paving.
Potrero avenue and Sixteenth — Paving.
Potrero avenue, Sixteenth to Seventeenth —
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Seventeenth — Curbs and
paving.
Potrero avenue, Seventeenth to Mariposa—
Samp.
Potrero avenue and Mariposa — Paving.
Potrero avenue, Mariposa to Eighteenth —
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Eighteenth — Paving.
Potrero avenue, Eighteenth to Nineteenth —
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Nineteenth— Paving.
Potrero avenue. Nineteenth to Twentieth-
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Twentieth — Paving.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-flrst to Twenty
fourth — Curbs, paving, storm water Inlet, etc.
Potrero avenue, Twenty-fourth to Twenty
flltU—Curtis ami fi»vlng. ,
Pierce, Oak to Page— Same.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus— Grading,
curbs, etc.
Truett, Mason to westerly termination— Pa v-
Bryant, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Curbs and paving.
Waller, Pierce to Scott— Same.
Stevenson, Twelfth to westerly termination
—Curbs, paving and sewering.
Sixteenth, Castro to point 255 feet westerly-
Sewering, etc.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Lombard, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Lombard, Fillmore to Stelner — Same.
Lombard, Steiner to Pierce— Same.
Lombard and Pierce— Same.
Alabama, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Same.
First avenue, Point Lobos avenue to Clem-
ent street— Same.
First avenue, Clement to California street—
Sutter, Devisadero to Broderick— Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL, ACCEPTANCE.
Lombard, Devisadero to Broderick— Bitumen.
Walnut, California to Sacramento— Basalt.
California, Central avenue to Walnut street-
Same.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Clement street. Twenty-fourth to Twenty
fifth avenue— Sewering, etc.
Clement street, Twenty-fifth to Twenty
sixth avenue— Same.
EXTENSIONS. OF TIME GRANTED.
Serpentine place, Temple street to Lower
Terrace— To Fred Leffler, ninety days on sew
ering, etc.
Fifteenth avenue, South and Q street south-
To John Burns, thirty days on grading, mac
adamizing, etc.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Chenery, Mateo to Miguel— To Fllnn &
Treacy, ninety days on sewering.
Chenery. Roanoke to Castro— Same.
Sanchez, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— To same,
thirty days on laying sidewalks.
Page and Lyon— To came, thirty days on
California, Maple to Cherry— To Union Pav
ing Company, sixty days on paving, etc.
Laguna, Ellis to O'Farrell— To property
owners, sixty days on same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
COMMITTEE.
Octavia and Willow avenue— Union Paving
and Contracting Company for Superintendent
of Streets to sign contract to pave portion for
which city is assessable.
Noe, Henry to Fifteenth— Emily Sellers to lay
sidewalk in "front of her property.
Potrero avenue and Hampshire street. Twen
ty-sixth to Army— John Kelso Company for re
lease from contract to grade.
Sanchez and Henrj'— Mrs. Lizzie Tierney and
Miss Sarah O'Brien to lay sidewalk on north
west'corner.
Q street south. Fifteenth to Eighteenth
avenue south— Property owners, by attorney,
for hearing in case of petition to revoke M.
C. Hogans permit to grade, etc.
Bush, Brcderick to Baker— W. A, Shaw for
completion of paving.
York, Twenty-sixth to Army — Buckman Con
tracting Company for release from contract to
sewer.
Dolores, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— J. J.
Smith to lay sidewalk on east line.
Kent, Mason westerly— S. Mazza for bitu
minous paving.
Noe and Fourteenth— John Stelling to retain
artificial stone curbs on southeast corner.
Spruce, Washington to Clay — Edward G. Car
rera for bituminous paving.
Washington. Locust to Spruce—Property
owners for same.
Sanchez, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Mrs. Ellen
L. O'Neil to withdraw from contract for laying
sidewalks.
Folsom, Third to Hawthorne — Property own
ers for repair of sidewalks.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET
COMMITTEE.
Army, Dolores to Church— Property owners
against paving.
Wolfe, Isabel to Precita a' .-nue— Same
against sewering.
Noe, twenty-five feet from Henry — John
WILL RESIGN HIS STAR.
LIEUTENANT OF POLIGE GEORGE W. BENNETT.
At the next quarterly meeting of the Police Commissioners for the pur
pose of retiring officers on pensions there will be presented the application
of Lieutenant George W. Bennett of the Potrero district.
The reason to be advanced for the retirement of Lieutenant Bennett on
pension is the advice of his physician who has been attending him since
last January at which time he sustained a stroke of paralysis.
The cause which led to his late illness was brought about by his devotion
to his duty in remaining out of bed without tasting food for thirty-six
hours when in pursuit of a burglaT named James Meinhan. who broke into
the residence of a widow in the Potrero named Mrs. Kane and stole several
articles of value, among which was a gold watch and chain valued at
$175 The theft was reported to Lieutenant Bennett, and he at once started
out "to run the culprit down. In this he succeeded after a lively chase of
several hours' duration, and without taking either sleep or refreshment he
stayed out until he found the stolen property on Capp street, where Meinhan
had disposed of it to a companion. After so successfully landing his man
and securing the property he returned to the station and there was stricken
with paralysis.
The San Francisco Police Department has no better nor truer member
on the force than Lieutenant Bennett. During the twenty years that he
has been on the police force the records show over 11,000 arrests to his
credit, and during all this time he never lost a prisoner or made an arrest
that had no merit.
Immediately after his appointment to the farce Chief Crowley assigned
him to the South San Francisco station in 1878, where, with the late Officer
Rosekamp all that, then, wild territory was placed under their charge. In
1879 Bennett was placed in charge of the Potrero district, then a lonely
outside section, the rendezvous of cowboys and toughs who made the place
unfit for residence. But Bennett started in to run them out and he suc
ceeded to the entire satisfaction of the Chief of Police, as well as those
whose business took them across Long Bridge. So well were his serv
ices appreciated at headquarters that he was promoted to be a sergeant in
1889 anS further rewarded by being made a lieutenant two years ago.
Outside of his police record he has another which he appreciates still
more. It is as follows, and speaks for itself:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. George W. Bennett, Massachusetts Regi
ment First Artillery: The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, honoring the faith
ful services of her sons who formed a part of the land and sea forces of the
Tnited States employed in suppressing the rebellion and maintaining the in
tegrity of the nation, has by a resolve of the general court of 1869, directed
the undersigned to present you this testimonial of the people's gratitude for your
patriotTsm WILL CLAFLIN, Governor. ■
JAMES A. CUNNINGHAM, Adjutant-General.
Given at Boston this 19th day of April, 1870.
Young Bennett joined this regiment at the age of fifteen years and
served all through the war.
Consequently he has every reason to be proud of his public career which
will terminate next month, after twenty years of faithful work for the peo
ple of San Francisco. He will (with the consent of the Commissioners) draw
half pay for the balance of his life. His retirement will be regretted by all
who know him, and none more than the men under his command. During
his twenty years he never yet reported a subordinate to his superiors. His
kindly disposition won for him absolute obedience from those under him.
His successor will have a district free from thieves and vagabonds.
"Hie fee-simile y^T s/G/r **. ** *• on every wrapper ,
signature of (Su&yZTG&fiiU <* CASTOEIA.
O'Brien against laying- sidewalks on west side.
Allen, Hyde street westerly — Property owners
aKainst paving.
.Twenty-fifth avenue. Point Lobos avenue to
Clement street — Same against sewering.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Same, against
paving.
Stanley place, Bryant to Harrison— Sarah F.
Hiller, against accepting work of paving.
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake street—
Property-owners, against sewering.
Lombard. Hyde to Larkin— Same, against lay-
Ing sidewalks.
Bryant, Division to Alameda— Same, against
paving.
Linden aye.. Gough to Octavla street— Same.
Twenty-third, Bfyant to Potrero avenue-
Same.
Central place, off Pine southerly— Same,
against repaying.
Worth, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Same,
against sewering.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Bush, Kearny to Central avenue— ln favor of
order declaring street a boulevard.
Fourth, Howard to Railroad: Harrison. First
to Third— Repairing referred to Superintendent
of Streets.
Montgomery court— Grading referred to City
Engineer.
Pierce and Green — Against pa%-ing.
Twenty-third, Harrison to Potrero avenue —
Propeity-oweners may pave.
Franconia avenue, Wolfe street to Peralta
avenue — In favor of sewering.
Jackson, Cherry to First avenue—Property
owners may grade, sewer, etc.
Montgomery avenue, Bay to North Pomt —
Work of filling In may begin.
Peralta avenue, Franconia avenue to York
street — In favor of sewering.
Twentieth. York to Hampshire— Artificial
stone curbs may be retained.
West Mission— Paving recommended started.
Commercial, Drumm to Davis— Sidewalks
may be laid.
Ninth avenue, C street to point 50 feet south
erly—C. Easton may grade.
Howard and Fremont— Sidewalks may be
laid, provided blue rock is used for red.
Noe and Beaver— Work of laying sidewalks
postponed four months.
Noe. Fifteenth to point 362 feet southerly-
Same postponed six months.
Central avenue, Fulton to McAllister— ln fa
vor of paving. - _r^
Army. Bryant to county road— Market-street
Railway Company must remove unused rails.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
Boyakin's Trial Set.
The trial of Henson A. Boykin, charged
with presenting a false pension claim,
will he bcßun in the United States Dis
trict Court on May- 11.
Directory or
ljn\xik ) TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
'sJ^B^l^^m^/ TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
*®^Ejft?tf VvSjSttlHSri^ Via I)VEA ami SKAGUAY can " arrange to
Igj/ffl Av^^^^Br have their provisions sent via St. Michael
j^/jK 1 *' yiS^»a33a» an '-* the Yukon River, by applying to
npSlsßl ALASKA-YUKON
Wi^iiiPffl! TRANSPORTATION CO..
■7TBlliili»'i^HH 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
///i^^lll^^llP^§eil BIRCH Creek district'; now nearly deserted
111 I 15?$5SS2i owing to lack of food; larger and just as rich
1 •'// / v V¥ I^^^S as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
\. IIJ i \T '^^^* * 100 feet;, our new modern steamer. Alice
/ / yf^Cf^f -^~~ ■ ■ ; Rix, stops there going to Dawson City; our
I'litJ^-n book free. . Alaska Transportation Co., 224
i'lti-Iy\.\. .- -\ '' »» i < / Montgomery St., opp. Russ House.
HO! FOR DAWSON!
On or about May I.'IS9S. the American bark
ALEXANDER McNEIL will sail for bt Mich-
i ael, connecting at the latter point with the
| Pacific Coast Commercial Co.' , new dispatch
i river steamer Bessie ' H. ; .'. •
; For further information call on or address
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCIAL COMPANY
... • A. H. HERRIMAN, Agent,
- 201 Front st., San Francisco.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st.. San Francisco
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front St., San Francisco. ; *__
"NORTHERN LIOHT,"
Captain Joseph Whiteslde. Commanding.
Will Sail for
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
•ULArr 10 --- - lees.
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. batfeaee.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1. 189 S.
Address CAPT. B. COGAN,
44 East St., San Francisco.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage and freight apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
attSjgßßß^- -628 Market st.
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, . and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skag-uay.
I If Ik /A (fit i¥ISW
*♦ » \r
i ' A society lady in a busy Connecticut town ' recounts an extremely',
trying experience. ' "I have suffered," said she, ''about everything possible
from weak stomach and chronic constipation, and many a night have had to sit -
in bed, propped up with pillows and get what sleep I could that way. I could :
aot lie down; if I did I would feel a terrible choking sensation which made me
gasp for breath. . seemed to ferment the moment it got into my
itomach, and often I felt bloated and generally miserable. Since I began using
Rl PANS' TABULES
I have Deen so greatly relieved that I fully belieye they will soon cure ma
entirely."" . . '
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
■ _^r}loo|. Market St., ,
[Sear- Powell.
Telepnone", Sovitlx 4SO,
f&m DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
»w)^r^^ Five hundred reward for any ca?»
E9H i£sS A-e cannot cure. This secret remedy
;>> HI stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
■■B Bbß En:iß?lons, Ini potency, Varlcocele.
BWi f^n Gonorrhoea, Gl*et, Pits. Strictures,.
lijlji 1 Lo^t Manhood and all wasting ef-
JBKi C*>". • ects of st-lf-abise or excesses. Sent
p-r*-i«^_j«.- ■ >._,.,■,,.,] 52 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar
to cure.' Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for Bale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All; pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
~—^— —~~~" — » ~ — ~ ! ~
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC C
£»QQ MARKET ST.. OPP. : PAI*a.CS
DUO Hotel. Telephone 670. Realdtnca Mf
Valencia street. • Telethon*. "Cburcb" ■U.
he'll ENESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
liC.l6«lSr* l " iWnt| v - Our INVISIBLE TUBE Cushion!
■•'■■''■■: help when nil else falls, us glßsses help eyes.
Self-adjustir.pr. No Pain. Whispers hMrtl. Stndto COCC
F. Ilisroi i'o., 85ft l('«r.). .1.V., fur Bo«k un<i Proofs IIICC
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES, CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
GAS ENGINES.
UNJONGASENfiii^
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS.
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS!
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mad*
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3»4 Sp»ar St.. San Francisco.
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFIXE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
ft. Tel. No.. Main 17CT.
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs. Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can bo
seen at salesroom. G. W. K.N'EASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
MEDICINES.
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a supply of
PRATT' S ABOLITION OIL, the never-failing
remedy for Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Lame
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists.
504 Washington st.
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for the
Alaska, etc.. trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy, etc. LT'KE G. SRESOVICH & CO..
Agents. 521 to 525 Sansome St., San Francisco.
0000 00 0000000000 OO
o-f PALACE *•??§
%CRANO hotels*
Jq SAN FRANCISCO. £f
; , Connected by a covered passageway. " "
\l 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
: • O ." All Under One ■ Management. ' O
I.O:.. . NOTE THE PRICES: . q
| q European Plan. Sl . OO per day and upward rt '
" American Plan.a*3.OO per day and upward V
I O , -Correspondence Solicited. ;- ■■?-> Q
|O • 'JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. . q
0 000000 OOP OOOOOOQ
jt HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- S&
B Colored Spots, ■ Aches, . Ola : Sores. Ulcers H
j ■ in Mouth, Hair-Falling? - Write COOK BEM- H
■ ED Y CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- g]
■ CAGO, I ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital |g
■ toUO.OU). . Worst cases cured In 15 to 35 days. m
! m IUO-pagro book free. : ..-";. '. ■ ■ " ■; H
Q' Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
|£| Museum of Anatomy
/paSSI Ml "i 2l1 * ST. tet. c-c '-- i 7th, S. T. CO.
'«■■«■'■ j The I.ar>:»Mof its tied In t:;° World.
I^i^>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
■ 1 Yf*"»ff &.'■ • L Coninltm'.loa free. Write for Book
\\ filrPhilosophyof Marriage.
"^ C ■ iU .- ■ ■ ■ r MAILED FNEE
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver firmer.
Wheat dull. Barley futures advanoed.
Opts firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Sharp advance in Hay; Feedstuffs
changed.
Flour as before.
Beans quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes steady. Onions lower.
Vegetables steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Butter steady. Eggs firmer.
Limes lower. Oranges quieter.
Provisions very dull.
Hides tending downward.
Wool neglected.
Meats as before. Hogs weak.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The February coinage of the mints of the
United States was as follows:
Double eagles * $4,000,140 00
Eagles 80 <*>
Half eagles 86,060 00
Quarter eagles 22 50
Total gold $4,085,302 50
Silver dollars 1.032,225 00
Half dollars 20,112 50
Quarter dollars 115,204 25
Dimes 22 50
Total silver $1,167,564 25
Five cents 64.428 75
Cents 28,145 76
Total minor $92.574 50
Grand total 6,845,441 25
Same month in 1897 11.757,883 01
The coinage for the fiscal year to date is
H5.856.63", against $60,738,408 for the same time
during the preceding year. Last year's sil
ver coinage included $15,528,350 in dollars,
against $6,106,605 for the current fiscal year.
COAL STATISTICS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
The following statistics hays been compiled
by Mines and Minerals. Scranton. Pa. (for
merly The Colliery Engineer and Metal Miner)
from data furnished to that journal through
the courtesy of the State Bureau of Mines
and the State Mine Inspectors.
Practically all of the anthracite product of
the United States comes from Pennsylvania.
These statistics give the complete anthracite
production for the year 1897.
Anthra- Bltumln
cite. ous.
(Long (Short
tons.) tons.)
Tons of coal mined 46,947.354 54.674,452
Tons of coke made 8,533,291
Persons employed 149,557 88,554
Coal mined per employe 314 617
Coal mined per miner 490 744
Fatal accidents 424 149
Non-fatal accidents 1.106 426
Life lost per 1000 employes .. 2. 53 1.68
Accidents per 1000 employes.. 7.39 4.81
Production per life lost 110,725 366,942
Production per non-fatal acci
deht 42,448 128,344
Compared with the year 1836. these statistics
show a decrease In the production of anthra
cite coal of over 1,000,000 tons, while the out
put of bituminous has increased nearly 4,500,
000 tons, and the output of coke nearly 2,000,000
tons.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
ores at :*.ation lndic^-'.e maximum temperature
lor the days; these underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted enow in Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours,
leobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by fioudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear cm the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coai=t, and the isobars extend north
End south alung the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. Ths
reverse of these conditions will produce an
epposite result.
WEATHER RKPORT.
ntOtb Meridian— Parlflc Time.)
PAN FRAN'-ISCO. March 14, 6 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Reason. Season.
Eureka 0.42 27.55 41.45
Red Bluff Trace 12.07 22.53
Sacramento 0 8.55 15.37
fan Francisco Trace 7.45 20.68
Fresno  0 3.48 9.25
San Luis Obispo 0 6.27 19.74
I - Angeles 0 4.80 16.08
£an Diego 0 3.66 10.91
Yuma 0 1.65 5.31
Him Francisco .lit a : Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 44; mean, 43.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
r ' (RECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
p?.M twenty-four Ivurs over the northern por- ;
tion of the Pacific Slope. It has fallen very j
rapidly r.vor the upper Missouri valley.
An area of high pressure lies off the coast '
of Southern California.
The temperature has remained nearly sta- :
tionary over the entire country west of the !
Rocky Mountains. It is from four to ten de- !
i rest below the normal in the great valleys
of California. Southwest squalls have pre
vailed to-day over Northern California. Snow I
is falling in Nevada.
The lolluwing maximum wind velocities are ,
reported : Tatonsh Island. 28 miles from the i
-a ■•• • Fort Canbv. 30 miles, northwest; Eu
reka, 30 miles, northwest; Sacramento, 36
miles northwest; Carson City, 48 miles, Bouth;
Idaho Kalis, l's miles, southwest.
Forecast, ma.de at San Francisco for thirty
•hours ending midnight. March 15, 189S: i
Northern California.— Unsettled weather
Tueeday, with conditions favorable for show
ers In northern portion; fresh southwesterly
wind. Heavy frosts if the wind ceases.
Southern California — Unsettled Tuesday;
( fresh southwesterly wind. Heavy frost Tues
day morning: If the wind ceases.
• ■ Nevada — Snow early Tuesday morning;
cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy. Tuesday, probably snow; con
tinued cold weather.
Arizona — Cloudy, Tuesday; heavy frost*
Tuesday morning If the wind ceases.
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled Tues
day: fresh southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken,
at 5 p. m. Clear; wind, west. 24 miles per
hour; temperature. 3S; maximum, 41; rainfall
•.10 ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Olficlat.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March H.— The stock and bond
markets were atronjj throuKhout to-day. Dif
ferent opinions were offered as to the cause
of this and probably all had some truth In
them. That the excess of buoyancy was a sur
prise to many professional traders was evi
dent. There was nothing In the news of the
day to change materially the political outlook '
and that there were many holders of securities i
who continued nervous was evident from the !
larjje offerings to realize which met the sharp |
rise at the opening;, but the reaction which re
sulted from these offerings was more than
overcome, even those stocks which showed the
largest gains at the opening rising again to
the highest at the close, which should be
less affected than the opening, in some cases
to a point above the early high prices. Prices
of Americans were advanced in London before
the opening here. This was the more notable
on a«j|iunt of the acute depression of the
Spanisn Government 4s, which fell 2% in Lon
don on Paris selling and showed an extreme
decline of 1"» in Paris. The. course of these
bonds has been looked to as a true Index of the
diplomatic relations between the United States
and Spain. This discrepancy might mean that
capital looks favorably upon the excellent
financial and Industrial conditions In the
United States In spite of the danger of war,
or it might mean that the acute financial
distress of the Spanish Government detracts
from the value of its bonds In spite of tne
chance of peace. It Is not to be lost sight of
that United States bonds In the local market
declined % per cent In the bid price in the
face of the strength of all other securities. It
Is possible, however, that the stiffening of the
money rate may have accounted for this move
ment. Certain it is that there was a very
large covering of short contracts which has
been left open over Sunday on the belief that
some new and dangerous developments were
imminent In our relations with Spain. The
firmness of prices was sustained to the close.
This was a demonstration that the underlying
strength of business conditions in the country
would quickly bring about a recovery of prices
upon any relaxation of the tension over the
Cuban case.
Gold continues to be engaged abroad for Im
port, to-day's announcements aggregating con
siderably over $4,000,000. The fall In the rate
of exchange on Paris and Berlin and the re
lative steadiness of the rate on London Indi
cates where the pressure of gold Is being felt
and there was a response in the stiffening of
the money rate in Paris and Berlin. Money Is
still moving to the interior from this point and
receipts of gold had no effect to-day in easing
the money market. Over $1,000,000 will be
withdrawn from the market to-morrow and
conveyed Into the treasury for the second pay
ment on account of the Kansas Pacific sale.
Nearly all active stocks are from 2 to 3 per
cent higher as a result of the day's trading.
Prices of railroad bonds rose in sympathy with
stocks, but the overwhelming proportion of the
dealings was In the Atchlson adjustments and
the Union Pacific new 4s. Total sales. $2,700,
000. United States bonds were M per cent lower
bid except the 4s registered and the seconds,
which were unchanged.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 486,600
shares, Including 10.120 Atchison preferred, 5954
Chesapeake and Ohio, 41,160 Burlington, 3490
Erie preferred, 9300 Louisville and Nashville.
23,681 Manhattan, BSOO Metropolitan Street Rail
way, 3575 Reading preferred. 4300 Missouri Pa
cific, 3485 Missouri, Kansas and Texas pre
ferred, 12. '20 New York Central, 5000 Northern
Pacific, 23,600 Northern Pacific preferred, 14.000
Rock island. 60.300 St. Paul, 6200 Union Pa
cific. 93.100 Tobacco, 11.000 People's Gas, 3198
General Electric, 67,698 Sugar. 4134 Western
Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 10%' St P & Om 68
Do pref 24% j Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16%! St P M & M 127
Canada Pacific ... 80 !So Pacific 15
Canada Southern. 46%|50 Railway 7%
Cent Pac 11% 1 Do pref 26
Ches & Ohio lS%jTexas & Pacific 9%
Chi & Alton 148 (Union Pacific .... 25%
Chi B& Q 90 U P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 50%|Wabash 6%
C C C & St L.... 27 Do pref 15%
Do pref 87 Wheel & L E.... IT4
Del & Hudson .. 108 Do pref 9%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies—
Den & R G 10 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 44 Amercan Ex 120
Erie mew) 12% | United States ... 38
Do Ist pref .... 35% Wells Faj-go 114
Ft Wayne 165 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref 147 A Cot Oil 17
Hocking Val 6% Do pref 66%
Illinois Cent 98% Amn Spirits 6%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Do pref 13%
Do pref 65 Am Tobacco 92*g |
Lake Shore IS4 Do pref 11l
Louis & Nash .. 48 People's Gas 90
Manhattan L .... 99% Cons Gas 178
Met St Ry USfclCom Cable 00.... 150 |
Mich Cent 10114 1 Col F & 1r0n.... IS
Minn & St L.... 24% | Do pref 78
Do Ist pref SO Gen Electric 30% j
Mo Pacific 24% Illinois St»el 44
Mobile & Ohio .. 26 Laclede Gas 41
Mo X & T 11% Lead 29»4
Do pref 30%: Do pref 101%
Chi Ind & L.... 7 j Nat Lin Oil .... 17
Do pref 24 !Or Imp Co 23%
N J Central 91% Pacific Mail 23"f,
N V Cenrtal .... 110 .Pullman Pal 170
N V Chi & St L.. 11% Silver Cert 56% |
Do Ist pref .... 63 ! Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref .... 30 (Sugar 124%
Nor West 11 ' Do pref Ill 1 *
No Amer Co 5%|T C & iron IS% i
No Pacific 21% U S Leather 5%:
Do pref 59% Do pref 5S
Ontario & W HVi ItJ S Rubber 16
Or R & Nay 44 ! Do pref 63
Or Short Line .. 29% ' West Union 86% ;
Pittsburg 16S Chi &N W 117%
Reading 16 7 £ Do pref 173
Do Ist pref .... 3S St L & S W.... 4
Rock Island 83% Do pref 9
St L & S F 6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref 55 Do pref 67
Do 2d pref .... 24% Chi G W B% I
St Paul 89v£. Haw Com Co ... 28
Do pref 144 i
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 121 IN J C 5s 112%
Do coup 121 ■ |N Carolina 6a 125
U 8 4s 110 I Do 4s 103
Do coup 11l INo Pac lsts 113 I ,*
Do 2ds i'SVi Do 3s 68%
V S Ss reg 110^. | Do 48 94
Do Ss coup linvj'N C & S L 4s. 103V4
District 3.G39 .... 116 Nor & W 65...... 125
Ala class A ..... IOSMj North wstrn cons. 143
Do B 108V4-I Do deb 5s 117
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 100 ■ O Nay 4s 95
Atehison .4s BSV4 O S Line 6s tr.... 117
Do ad.l 4s ...... 66% O S Line 5s tr.... 99V4
Can So 2ils lOi'jVs O Imp lsts tr 102
Chi Term 4s .... 82 • I Do to tr 52
C & Ohio 5s 113 I Pacific 6s of 95.. 102V4
C II & D 445.... 104% Reading 4s 80*4
D & R G 15t5..... 110, |R G W 15t5...... SO
D & H G 45.. 91 IS L & I M C ss. 89
East Term lsts.. 105 IS L 4 S F O (9.. 118
Erie Gen. 43 6S'£ 8t P Con 140U
;F\V A- D lsts tr. 69 St VC & F lsts.. 118
j Gen Elec .'s 101U Do 5s 11."
GH& SA i 5.... 109 So Ry is S8&
Do Ms I' '4 Stand R & T 6s. 62
1 H A- T C r.s 105 Term new set 3s. 90
Do con Ps 100 T&P L G lsts.. 96V4
i lowa C lsts 99 Do Rg 2ds 31 ' a
Kan P Con tr .. 9TH U P D & G lsts.. 53
X Pae Ist DD tr. 131U Wnb Ist 5s 105 V&
1 La new cons 45.. lOO 1 -., Do 21s 76
L& N Uni 45.... So l /* W Shore 4s 109
Missouri 6s 106 Va Centuries 6S>4
■ M X & T 2d5.... 59 . . Do deferred ... 313 1 -
Do 4s $6 U"P pref 4.' 1 .,
N V Cent lsts.... 116 ' Do 4s »1%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 40
I Con Cal & Va... 70 Plymouth '08
I Deadwood ..." 75 Quicksilver 1 00
I Gould & Curry.. 15 Do pref 200
; Hale & i»'orcrs.. 1 30 Sierra Nevada .. - 94
! Homestake 37 00 ! Standard 160
j Iron Silver 40 l nion Con 30
Mexican 2S ' Yellow Jacket .. 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 14.— Atchison, 10%: Bell
Telephone. 240: Burlington, f.'j\ : Mexican Cen
1 tral, 5; Oregon Short Line, 2S>/i ; . San Diego,
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Americans
continue unsettled and, feverish, the chief de
pressing Influence to-day being Paris, -where i
the Bourse* was demoralized by the fall In I
Spanish securities and the Coulisse agitation. !
The severe slump in Americans in New York
on Saturday attracted the attention of buyers
here and prices opened 1.60 above the New York
parity. New York responding to this later. A
further improvement took place with conside- j
rable influential buying for Germany, but the !
close was dull in the street. Kaffirs, which I
have dull the last few days on Paris condi
tions, closed panicky on the news of the mur
der of Woolf Joel, the existing head of the firm
of Barnnto Brothers.
Indications of a continuance of dear money
still exists.
A large amount of gold was bought for
New York to-day. The question of a rise in
the Bank of England's rate on Thursday is
much discussed.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 82%; Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar
Silver, steady, 25 3-16 d per ounce; Money, 2»i
per cent. _^ ■
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28.033 barrels; exports, 17,593 barrels. Inactive
and barely steady at old prices.
< WHEAT- Receipts. 111,925 bushels. Spot easy;
No. 2 red. $1 04H f. O. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions opened firm on cables and active cover
ing at 1%®1%c advance. Unde,r disappointing
visible supplies decrease and bearish crop
news, however, a,n attack was made on late
deliveries and part of the. early rise was lost,
the closing being fairly "steady, but nervous
at '•>'?; l%c advance later on near months; No.
2 red March, %l 04%« 1 04%, closed $1 04V4; May,
'.^\'<!'.*<-~r. closed aa?4c.
HOPS— Steady. . /
WOOl^— Quiet.
PETROLEUM- Dull.
METALS— The week opens with the market
in irregular shape and business on an unsatis
factory scale. At the close to-day the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with $8 70 bid and
$6 SO asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
$11 87H bid and $12 asked. ._ ■ ■ ■
TlN— Eacy. with $14 20 bid and $14 30 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 20 bid and $4 25
asked.
LEAD— dull, with $3 70 bid and $3 75 !
asked. The firm that fixes the settling price <
for miners and smelters In the West quotes I
Lead at $3 50. . *
COFFEE — •- closed quiet with prices ;
unchanged to 5 points net lower. Sales, 7750 ■
bags, Including - May, $5 20; July. $5 35: Sep- I
tember, $5 45@5 80; December, . $5 63; January. |
$•" 70. Spot Coffee — Rio, weak; No. 7 Invoice, '
r.V : No. 7 Jobbing. 6>4c; mild, steady; Cor- <
dova; S»,i@l6c. ■.■■■■
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, Z%c; '
eentrlfural, 96 test, 4&c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,754 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15@19c; . Elgina, 19c; fac- I
tory. US 15c.
Receipts, 13,434 packages. Firm; State I
and Pennsylvania, ■ 10%@llc; Western, 10^c; I
Southern. 10% c. .
COTTON— DuII and steady: mid. 6V4c.
DRIED FRUIT. •
NEW YORK, March 14.— California dried
fruits steady. - K3£K^B*Rjg£HigSiswi&R3|
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, B@8c;
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
prime wire tray, B%isß'bc; wood dried— prime,
BV-><&B%c; choice. B%S9c; fancy. 9%<?iloc.
PRUNE6—W4©Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 5%@7c; Moor Park, B%'S'
10c
PEACHES— Unpealed, o<g9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March Wheat showed some
strength at the opening, although It was not
of very long duration. Besides the favorable
effect Letter* application on the : board of di
rectors for a margin price of May Wheat had
on traders, both English and Continental mar
kets show unlooked for strength. Liverpool
opened lower, but quickly advanced to a point
above Saturday's figures there, and Paris also
reported somewhat higher prices. July, which
closed Saturday at 87%@57%c, opened to-day at
87T4c. For about fifteen or twenty minutes
there was quite good support by shorts and
not a little reinstating of lines which had been
supported during last week's decline was ap
parent. July was advanced to 88c, the high
point of the day, before the reaction started.
Then the influence of the favorable weather
and bearish routine news began to be felt.
Almost no support of consequence was given
the market until about an hour from the close,
July In the meantime coming down to 86% c.
At that price there was a good deal of cover
ing, principally by local shorts, and the de
cline was checked.
September also suffered, although but a
limited business was done In that delivery. It
started %@%c higher, at 79%@79%c. and when
July reached its lowest point had declined- to
78% c. 'May was offered In large quantities, the
pit crediting 1 most of the selling to Armour,
who was reported a buyer of Wheat at Min
neapolis. Lelter brokers, however, gave this
end of the market unwavering support and
succeeded In holding the price at $1 04, al
though they had to absorb about 500.000 bushels
to do so. ■ .
During the last hour's trading July advanced
to 87c, but slid down again to S6%c and closed
easy at 86% c. September closed at 78 7 /4 c.
Corn was a fairly active market and a
fairly steady one. May closed a shade higher.
Oats were dull. The close was steady. May
closed unchanged.
Provisions were weak from the start. The
weakness of grain markets and the uncer
tainty over the Cuban situation were the fac
tors. May Pork 12% c lower. May Lard closed
6%c lower and May Ribs Be lower.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. , Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March .... 101% 101% 101%
May 104% 104% 104 104
July 88 88 86% 86%
Corn No. 2— „„ ,
May 80% 80% 80 80%
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
September 32* 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— .
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 995 9 97% 980 9 82%
July 10 00 10 00 990 980
Lard, per 100 His —
I May 6 10 5 10 6 05 5 07%
July 6 17% 620 5 12% 615
Snort Ribs, per 100 ma-
May 6 02% 5 02% 495 600
! July ....5 07% 6 07% 5 02% 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 spring Wheat, 92@94c; No. 3 spring
Wheat 90S 97c; No. 2 red, $1 01%<S>l 01%; No. 2
Corn, <?■ 2:"? c; No. 2 Oats, 26% c; No. 2 white,
fob 2S*i@29'4c: No. 3 white, f. o. b., 2SVi@
29c; No. 2 Rye. 4S%c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b., 35
<3>42c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $119%; Prime' Timothy
Seed. $2 87%; Mess Pork, per barrel. $9 So@9 85;
Lard, per 100 pounds, $s<Jfs 02%; Short Rib
Sides, loose, $ 80@5 15; Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed, 4*i@sc: Short Clear.Sides, boxed, $5 25(Q>
a 40; Whiskey, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 18%. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 28,000
Wheat, bushels 67,000 154.000
Corn, bushels 303,000 133.000
Oats, bushels 235,000 207,000
Rye, bushels 10.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 47.000 21,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 13@13%c; dairies,
10%<{?16c. Cheese, quiet; B@B%c. Eggs, weak;
fresh, ?%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipt*. Shipments, i
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. !
Minneapolis .._ 262,480 78,100 1
Duluth 30.959 6.654
Milwaukee 22.750 26,300
Chicago 68,481 153.740
Toledo 21,117 12.000
St. Louis 29,000 11.000
Detroit 10.664 4.583
Kansas City 66,000 13,500
Totals 501,491 304,877
Tidewater —
Boston 8,970 8,000
New York 111.925
Philadelphia 8.957 50.4G7
Baltimore 17,607
New Orleans 2.000
Totals 146.459 40,467
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 62 45 69 45
Closing ....62 40 69 30
Flour- .
Opening 28 90 2770
Closing 28 90 27 60
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 10% 7 5 71% 6 7 66%
Closing 7 10% _7 5%__7 1% 67% 6 7
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I CHICAGO. March 14.— CATTLE— was
' the usual Monday supply of cattle to-day,
| and trade was less animated than usual, with
j prices ruling 10c lower. Poorest dressed beef
steers, $3 80(§'4: strictly choice to extra fine,
$5 29@5 65; bulk of the sales. $4 35(35 45. Feed
ers. $4@4 65; calves, best grades, $G<s6 65.
HOGS— Prices of hogs were weak from the
■ start with sales a nickel lower. Bulk. $3 80®
i 3 92M-, the commonest lights fetching $3 65,
i while prime heavy brought $4. Late sales
were at a decline of Ec from those made early.
SHEEP— Lambs comprised the great bulk of
the offerings and were rather slow of sale at
: an average decline of 10c. Common to prime
lambs, $4 25<S'5 40; handy lightweight yearlings,
$4 50<§5; sheep, poorest. %'.Y«Z 50; best. $4 50®
! 4 G5; fed Westerns, $4@4 SO. Choice sheep were
stronger and sold actively. Colorado lambs
; sold largely at J5 30(g5 40.
Receipts — Cattle, 19,000; hogs, 28,000; sheep,
j 25,000. ,
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3100. Market steady to 10c lower; com-
I mon to good dressed beef steers, $3 80@5 15;
choice, $5 20©5 40; Western cattle fairly ac
! tive, some 1000-pound Colorado feeders sold at
»4 &5; Arizona cows, $3 65: native cows and
heifers, strong: prices, $2 50<&4 &0; Texas and
i Indian cattle. s@loc lower.
HOGS— Receipts, 4200. Market s@loc lower;
bulk of sales, $.i 65@3 SO; heavies and packers,
$3 65@3 90; medium and mixed, $3 62@3 SO;
lights", $3 55C<j3 57; pigs, $3 25(f3 65. •.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Sheep active, steady
to 10c lower; Western muttons, $3 85ig>4 35; fair
' supply of Western lambs. $4 Soifjs 20.
OMAHA.
j OMAHA, March 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2200; market strong for nest; others weak.
Native beef steers, $3 90i?j5 10: Western steers,
: $3 60@4 GO; Texas steers, $3 10<§"3 SO; cows and
heifers, $3 10(84 10; stockers and feeders, $3 75
@4 s:.; calves, $4@6 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 1800; market 5c lower.
: Heavy, $3 65(83 80; mixed. $3 6533 70; light,
i $3 6.V&3 70; bulk of sales, $3 C.Vf/3 70.
I SHEEP— Receipts, 4S0O; market strong. Fair
to choice natives, $3 75{?4 75; fair to choice
; Westerns, $3 60!?4 60: common and stock sheep,
I $3@3 90; lambs, $4 S©6 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, March CATTLE— Receipts,
1400. Market active ami strong; beef steers,
$3 80@4 40; cows. $3 25<f?4: feeders, freight paid
to river, $4@4 55; stockers do, $3 40@4 60; bulls,
| stags, etc.. $2'a3.
HOGS— Receipts, * 200. Market steady; 5c
I lower. Light packers, $3 75@3 80; mixed, $3 70
(S3 75; heavy, $3 60®3 75.
SHEEP— none. Market steady.
Good fat muttons, $3 23@4 30; lambs, $4 3005 25.
« • FOREIGN - MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 111%; Silver,
25 3-16 d; French . Rentes. 103f SOc. •
LIVERPOOL, March 15.— Wheat, steady;
No. 1 Standard California wheat.' 37s Gd; car
goes Walla Walla wheat, 3Cs 10% d; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on : passage,
nominal, unchanged; English country mar
kets, quiet and steady; French country mar
kets, firmer; wheat In "Parts, quiet; flour In
Paris, quiet; quantity wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 3.300.000 bushels;
quantity wheat and flour on passage to Conti
i nent, 1,530.000 bushels; Import into United
Kingdom for week, 259.000 bbls flour, 314.000
quarters whent.
COTTON— Uplands. 8 11-32.
CLOSE.
CORN— Futures eteudy; March, 3s Ed; May,
3s 3%d; July. 3s 3'id. '
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, March . 14.— The statement of
| the visible supply of grain In "store and afloat
j Saturday. March 12, . as compiled by , the New
I York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Wheat, 32.415,000 bushels: decrease, 695.000
! bushels. Corn, 42.652,000 bushels; increase,
i 1,181,000. Oats, 12.866.000 bushels: decrease,
, 315.000. Rye, 3.409.000 bushels: decrease, 167.
■ 000. Barley, 1,650,000 bushels; decrease, 241
j 000. - .:■:- ■ ■ >.;•>,.-•;
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., March 14.— A weakening
j in charter rates has given a low tone to the
j local wheat market, although the European
' quotations . on distant cargoes show but little
i Improvement. Prices are still governed largely
I by the immediate needs of exporters and mil
■ lers, -Walla Walla ranging from 75 to 77c and
i valley and blue stem from 78 to 79c.
Cleared— British bark Gwyneedd Durban, for
| South Africa, with 13,132 barrels flour and 9333
, bushels wheat. ; ' . .
WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA. Wash., March 14.— Wheat dull
and Inactive; No. 1 club, 72@73c; No. 1 blue
stem, 76@7$c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. "
PORTLAND. Or., March 14.— Exchange*,
$409,068; balances, $101,877.
-■- - .- . . .----. ■ *- '' ' "- ■ ;': :-V. : - - - .■'■■
CASH IN THE TREASURY..
WASHINGTON. March 14.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Availablp oasli balance, $225,593,794; gold re-
Berve, $169,733,130.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, slight — * 4 fJJ4
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — * f 4^
Sterling Cables — 4 btiV 4
New York Exchange, "sight — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — &i^
Mexican Dollars ~~ * 6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Pyrenees takes for Cork 80,567
ctis, valued at $116,000; Clan Galbralth, for
Cork, 75.809 ctls. valued at $110,900; La E.«co
cessa, for Callao, 33,170 ctls, valued at $47,681.
The market was steady but dull, at the old
quotations.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 40@
1 41% for No. 1, $1 42% for choice and $1 45@1 60
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 41 ; 2000, $1 40%
Second Session— December— 2o 000 $133%;
2000. $1 33%; 12,000. $1 33%; May- 2.000. $1 40V
Regular Morning Session-December— 4ooo.
$133; 200, $133>4; 24,000, $133%; May— l2.ooo,
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 33;
20.000, $133%; 6000, $133%; May— 4ooo. $140%;
4000, $1 40%
BARLEY— Futures advanced 2c, but fell back
slightly. There was no change in spot quota
tions. The demand continued slack.
Feed. $1 07%@l 10 for dark to good and $1 11%
igl 12% for choice; Brewing. $1 17%©1 20 for
No. 1; $1 12%@1 15 for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls, $108%; 2000. $108%; 2000, $108%; Decem
ber—4ooo. 98c; 2000, 98^ic.
Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 08; 6000.
$1 08%; 16,000, $1 09- 2000, $1 05)7*; *°^- $1 08%;
4000, fl 08%; 10,000, $1 08%; December— 2ooo.
98% c; 2000. 98% c. _ _ _■_ .._
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo
ctls, 97% c; 2000, 97% c; 2000, 97c; May— 24,ooo
$1 08.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 08%;
16.000, $108%; 10,000 $108%; May— 4ooo, 97% c;
2000, 97% c; 4000, 97% c. . .
OATS— The market Is firm enough, but there
Is very little going on. . _.
Fancy feed, $1 27% per ctl: good to choice,
$1 20(3>l 25: common, $1 15fl 17Vi: Surprise.
$1 27%i81 32%; red, $1 35@1 45; gray. $1 17%(&1 20;
CORN— The demand is still slack and quo
tations are unchanged.
CORN— Neglected and unchanged.
Small roun.l yellow. $1 lOfS>l '-" - P e A r ctl : large
yellow, $1 05®l 07%; white. $1 05@l 10.
KTE-J1 ('5 61 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<j?l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND~MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 15.305 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55#4 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour $2 n0 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
do J3- Oatmeal $3 f0: Oat Groats, J4; Hom
iny, $3 10«3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farnla. $4 f.<>; Whole \\ heat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbla), $5 2.'^. 60; in
sacks. $5 05® 5 45: Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 2.". per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay advanced sharpl- again, and dealers
predict $25 for the best grades If It does not
rain within three or four days. The crop does
not look well at all, except in one or two
favored sections.
UHAN- sl»tu 16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SISfa22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 50029 50:
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50fc22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $25(&30 per ton: Corn Meal. $230
24: Cracked Corn. $23 50024 50; Chopped Feed.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $17
{m per ton; Wheat and Oat. Jl7 <(i 20; Oat,
$15 60017 50: Barley, $13 50@16 50; compressed.
$17 6O©»; Alfalfa," $9 50©ll 50; stock, $12@13;
Clover, $13 60.
STHA\\ — 36®45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull all around at unchanged
prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 W2 90; Small Whites.
$1 50<ttl 60; Large Whites, $1 5001 55; Pinks,
$2 2f.*i'2 50; Reds. $2<i?2 25; Ria.-kpye. $2 40(32 50;
Butters. $1 4<Vfrl 60: Limas, {.■<-' 10; Pea. $1 40
01 56; Red Kidney?, $2 K@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 7:.<53 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $26 2 50; Flax. $2 35: Canary
Seed. $2H«?2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, $396.-; Rape,
2<Ji2%r: Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 5H*.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 40@l 65; Green. $1 60
@l 90 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONI' >NS, VEGETABLES.
Onions are lower under too heavy stocks.
There Is no chans* in Potatoes. Vegetables
are rather firm than otherwise. ... „., .-
POTATOES— EarIy I£osp..-<".".ifr7Sc: River Reds.
&o<g6oc; River Burbanks, 60€?75c per sack; Ore
gon Uurbanks, 66@95c: Salinas Burbnnks, are
out: Petaluma Burbanks, '55@75c; Sweet Po
fuoes. _.".'.'■,■'. r.»i ■ ii ■■■! Hi\.i.-, and 6:»c-(isl for
Merced; new Potatoes, 8c per lb. ■
ONIONS— iI 75©2 50 per.ctl; Oregon, $1 75©
2 60; Australian, $2 50@3; cut onions, $I@l 25
per sack. ;
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 483 boxes As
j paragus, 271 boxes Rhubarb and 179 sks Peas.
Asparagus. ?!S9c per lb for fancy, ' 6's'c
I for No. 1 and .". i.'c f or ■ No. 2; Rhubarb, &oc<g>
isl pet box; .\ iuH-da Green Peas, :iti4o per
It. : Mushrooms, 4'7?10c; Marrowfat Squash. $2.",
©30 per ton; Dried Peppers, 6tt7c per lb: Dried
Okra. lf>c; Cabbage, 60(^75c per ctl : Carrots, 25
@CCc per sack: Garlic, Sigrt'^e per lb. '
Los Angeles String Beans, : Tomatoes,
$1 25: Green Peppers, per lb; Summer
Squash. : Ecu Plant. ' - — per lb; Hot
houe Cucumber?. sOcosl per dozen.
EVAPOKATEH VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, U> per. lb. in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
13c: Onions. COc: Carrots, old. l?c: new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c: Swert- Potatoes. 30c: Turnips.
25c; String Beans,' 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Twn cars of Eastern arrived, and sales were
made at 10012 c for Turkeys, $2 for Ge*»se,
$4 7505 for Hens, $6 for young Roosters and
Fryers and $4 50 for old Roosters.
Local stork was nominal, there being none
of any consequence in.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9(J?10c for Gob
blers and 10@llc ;'.>r Hens; dressed Turkeys
10©13 c per lb: Grose, per pair, $1 su<if 1 75;
O'slines. X 25@2 50; Ducks. $4fas for Old and
|8 .'■',;7 60 for young; Hens. $3 50^4 f>o; Roos
ters, young, $6 5007: Roosters, old, $.? sf"fi4;
Fryers. |5 50@6; Broilers. S4<gs for large, $3<?i4
for small: Pigeons, $203 25 per dozen for young
and $! 2.VZH 50 for ..id.'
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter was rather steadier. Cheese was un
chnngeil. Egsrs showed firmer symptoms with
sales at the auotations.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17(f!!18o; sec
onds, 16@16%c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15®16c; second
grades, 14'.i14'.,- per lb. . , .
Eastern Butter- Creamery, 16iS16Hc; ladle
packed. 14@150 per lb. ■ ' •'■ '
CHEESE— Choice mild ■: new, 9c: common
to good; B<ff!?'£c; Cream Cheddar, 10011 c; Young
America, Wfflllc; Western. 11.?j12c: Eastern, 12%
@13M,0 per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ll^@l2'ic per dozen;
store Eggs, ll@llV4c \: ■■':_
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges were slower again, receipts having
been rather lorßer of late. Limes are lower,
for the same reason,
DECIDUOUS FKUITP—
At the Oranije auction Navels sold at 90c@
$1 75.
Apples, 40@>60c per box for common, 65@90e
for good to choice and ?I(B 1 125 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Jl 50S>
275; Seedlings, 75e@51 50; Mandarins. $l<c?l 25for
large and 503 75 c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $l<i I 50: Grape Fruit, $1 6<v&"3
per box : Lemons, 75oSj$1 • for common and
$1 25<fi 1 1 75 for good to, choice: Mexican Limes,
$5; California Limes In small boxes, COc<S>
Jl;- Bananas, $1 25fff2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples. $3(g4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lota. %\<fi!
4Vic for 40-5 3Vi@3%c , for 50-60* s, . 2?«@3 1 / Jc !
for 60-70" 2Vi<f?2?;c for 70-90's. l%@2V;c for SO- J
90's, lVi@l%c for 90-lCO's; Peaches, 2H ©4c;*
fancy. 4V4<&sc: peeled, io'^l?'tc: Apricots, sS'6c
for Royals and 7@714c; for good to fancy Moor- '
parks; Evaporated Apples, C%@~y*c; -sun-dried, i
4S5c; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2V»c; Plums, |
4'i^4"- 4 c for pitted and l@lHc for unpltted; i
bleached Plums, s(?ls^ic; Nectarines, . 4@ac - for J
prime to fancy; Pears. 2 L s^f<MiC for . ■ quarters
and SOnic for halves, according to color, etc. !
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3V4c for four-crown, 4Vic for Seedless
Sultanas. 2* 4 e for Seedless Muscatels . and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes. 2%e,
— Chestnuts are quotable a| He per
Id; Walnuts. 6®6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell: Almonds, 2»-i'3i3^e for hardshell, s@6e I
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4©B\jc for Eastern and 4^c for California;
Pecans. Gi4@Bc; Filberts. S>«/(?10c; Brazil Nuts.
B@9c per n>; Cocoanuts, $4 50@3 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for. bright and s<Bl '■
vc for lower grades; new water-white extract- 1
ed, : 4V 2 (gsc; light amber . extracted, 3%ig4Vic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 23@2Cc per lb.
. PROVISIONS. •
Are still dull at unchanged quotations. '.--.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,: 9Vic per Id for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. • 10% c for light,
lie for extra light : and : 12V.jC . for ; sugar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, : 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, ;'. $9 per bbl: ..extra
mess do. ; jio ; family do. »11@12; • Bait Pork,
*9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef,' ll@l2c per rb.
: LARD— tierces quoted at 6%c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tlen-e?, 55 1«r1 «r per lt> for compound
and VAc for pure; half-barrels. 6%c; 10-It
tins. 7V,c; do 5-tb. Be.
COTTOLEXE— Tierces, 6H@6%c; packages,
less than 300 Tbs— 1-Iti palls, 60 In a case. B%c;
3-TT> pails. 2n in a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails. 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-tT) pails, 6 In a case. S^c; 50-lt)
tins, l or 2 in a cnse. ~%c; wooden buckets,
20 rbs net. 7"£e; fancy tubs. 80 rbs net, ~%c;
half-bbls, about 110 tbs, 7^c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The tendency In Hides Is downward, and
there is some discrepancy in the views of deal
ers as to prices. Some say that they are unable
to get the quotations below, while others say
they are paying them, and there the matter
stands. The market is undeniably weak, how- .
ever. Wool is very dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
lO^lO^c; medium, 9@94c; light, 9c; Cowhides.
9c; stags. 6c; salted Kip, 10c; Calf, lie: dry
Hides, 16@17c; culls and brands, 13@13'sc;
dry Kip and Veal. 13"^@14i*c; dry Calf. 17%
019% c; culls. 16c; Goatskins, 30@37V4c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25
©Cue per r»>, medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 20<g 30c each; short wool. 40@
79c each; medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@
$1 3d each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3W.c per It); No.
2, NnHe; refined, sc; Grease. 2<@2>^c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, W
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc: free Northe»fi. 18
®13c; do defective, 9©llc per lb. '
HOPS— OId crop. 2®6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain as previously quoted. Hogs
are weak.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; second quality,
EH<66c; third quality, 4@sc per lb
VEAL— Large, 6@6^c; small, 7@7Hc per tt>.
MUTTOxN'— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, BVs@9c per rt>.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per rt».
PORK— Live Hogs. 4»*c for large. 4^<iJ-4Hc
for small and 4%©4^c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3V6c; dressed Hogs. 6@7c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, JlO per ton; New Wel
lington, $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. *6 50; Coos
Bay. *5 50; Wallsend, $3; Scotch. $10; Cumber
land, $10 In bulk and $11 50 in sacks: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $15; Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley. $9; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%Jc; Powdered. 6>4c; Dry
Granulated. 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%: Mag- I
nolia A. s<4c; Extra C. 5Hc: Golden C. sc; i
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels yy t c more than barrels, and
boxes V2C more. *
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, March 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 3,156 ' Hides, no 659
Wheat, ctls 99,141jH0p5, bales 36
Cheese, ctls 56 ! Eggs, doz 15,060
Batter, ctls 205 Quicksilver, flsk. 85 I
Beans, sks 300! Leather, rolls ... 62 *
Potatoes, sks ... 1.351 Wine, gals 50.100;
Onions, sks 2S | Brandy, gals .... 250 1
Middlings, Bks .. 25|Chicory, bbls .... 62
Hay. tons 275 Lime, bbls 81
Straw, tons 5 Shorts, sks 4
Pelts, bdls 85|
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 600 i Oats, ctls SSO
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 5,452 Oats, ctls 6,225
Wheat, ctls 6,450! Bran, sks 650
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800!
THE STOCK MARKET.
With the exception of Occidental Consoli
dated, which advanced to $2 10, mining stocks
were unchanged.
The usual good business was done on the
Bond Kxchange, and prices for most securities
were generally firm.
The Coast Development Company of Tuo
lumne County has levied an assessment of 4
cents per share, delinquent April 12.
Dividends payable to-day are the Oakland
Gas Company, 25 cents per share, or $7500;
Pacific Telephone Company, 40 cents per share,
or $13,200; Sunset Telephone Company, 25 cents
per share, or $7MK>.
The '76 O. M. & M. Co., Colorado, has de
clared a dividend of 2 cents per share, payable
March 19.
The Wildman-Mahoney mine of California
paid a dividend of 10 cents per share, or $12,iXK),
on February 20.
The Argonaut mine of California paid a divi
dend of 10 cents per share, or $20,000, on
March 1.
The following companies report having had
ca.-h on liand March 1: Alta, $2071; Andes,
j;.i '■": Belfber, 18920; Best & Belcher. $177;
Hulllnn. $3L'Mi; Caledonia, $1<734; Challenge Con
solidated, $!540; Chollar, $'.■741; Consolidated
California and Virginia. $36; Consolidated lm
perial, $5; Confidence $3372; Consolidated New
York, $226; Crown Point, $13-11; Exchequer, $541;
Gould i* Curry, $1026; Hale & Norcross (Kox
management!, *16; Julia Consolidated, $221o;
Justice, $10^2; Mexican, $6127; Occidental Con
si.lidated, $ii»6; Ophir, »5s»8; Overman, $154o;
Potoat, ?103; Savage. f1<i,375; Segregated Bel
cher, $17tt; Sierra Nevada, $11,3*1; bilver Hill,
$WSI; Syndicate, $:n)3; Standard Consolidated,
|69,113; Union Consolidated, WiS; Utah Con
solidated, $243.
Alpha I'onsolidated reports having had an In
debtedness of $212 un March 1. Lady Wash
ington $2311 and Silver King $1140.
Weekly reports from the mlnea are as fol
lows: Consolidated Calif orn!a and Virginia
mine: 1550 level— From the north drift skirt
ing along the footwall from the incline upraise
at a point 17S leet on the slope above this
level, 300 feet in from its mouth, the east
crosscut has been advanced 19 teet, passing
through porphyry showing narrow lines of
quartz assaying 50 cents per ton; total length,
■ s teet From the Incline upraise No. lat a
point 112 feet above the sill Boor of this level
the south drift has been advanced 23 feet;
passing through porphyry streaked with quartz
unsaying $1 p^r ton; total length, 311 leet. 1650
level— From incline upraise No. 1 at a point
«0 I»et above the sill floor of this level from
the south drift skirting along the footwall at
a point 17s feet in from its mouth, trom the
top oi the upraise which has been carried up
4't feet from the south drift 100 feet in from
its mouth, the upraise has been carried up 10
feet passing through quartz asaying $1 and $3
per 'ton; total height, .'.O feet. From the old
;..,,( crosscut on the sill floor of this level at
a "point 93 feet In from its mouth from the
upraise carried up 21 feet from the north drift
% feet in from its mouth a west drift has been
advanced 25 feet, passing through quartz and
porphyry assaying from $1 to $5 per ton. From
these openings we have extracted five tons of
low grade ore assaying per mine car samples
$11 75 per ton. 1750 level— On the eleventh lloor
north from the top of the upraise from the
north drift 40 feet in from its mouth— from
the east drift at a point 26 feet in from its
mouth, the north drift hns been extended
seven feet, passing through porphyry and
quartz n.-^aying SO cents per ton. No ore for
milling lihs been extracted. We have ex
tracted from the 1650 level five tons of low
grade ore the average assay value of which,
per samples taken from cars raised to the sur
i,i. c was $11 75 per ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000-foot level, west
cruascul N". 3 Is In 960 feet. The face is in
porphyry clay separations and narrow seams
f vein matter assaying 50 cents per ton. In
the old ('t-'iitral tunnel workings of the Ophir
from the sill floor from the west crosscut from
the Mexican shaft, starting at a point 225 feet
in from- Its mouth, the crosscut has been ex
tended eipht feet through porphyry mixed with
quarts assaying 75 cents a ton; total length,
400 ff-et.
In the Chollar mine they have placed two
sets of timbers In the main incline and are
making satisfactory progress with the repairs.
On the 100 level. 60 feet south of the north up
raise, the crosscut to the west Is out 81 feet,
advanced 11 feet during the week; face in old
ground assaying from $6 to $S per ton. Kast
of the old fillings is a width of four feet of ore
assaying $55 per ton. They have put In a square
set and started north and south on this ore.
Have extracted 3S tons and 1000 pounds of ore
assaying $17 59 per ton.
In "the Sierra Nevada mine work In the face
of the Ril^y tunnel was resumed and it has
been advanced during the week 13 feet; total
length, ISO feet; face in porphyry. The ore
house was completed on March 11 and work re
sumed in the raise that evening. 900 level—
The north lateral drift has been extended dur
ing the week 20 feet: total length. 55,-> feet;
north from the Sierra Nevada s.haft; face. In
porphyry.
The official letter from the Alta mine for the
p.-ist week Fays: "Have extracted nnd deliv
ered at mill 2S carloads of ore. the average car
sample assay of which was So 4 2.1 per ton. The
stope is improving In appearance to the north
and we expect to make connection between the
■topes ar.d north raise during next week.
This wl]l materially improve our shipping fa-
Brunswick Lode — Consolidated California and
Virginia. Rest & Belcher and Gould & Curry,
600 level— West crosscut No. 1. started In south
drift 420 feet from station, has been advanced
14 feet; total length, 30*. feet; face in por
phyry. The Joint south drift from the station
was advanced 32 feet: total length. 565 feet;
face in porphyry and stringers of quartz. The
shaft has been sunk 15 feet on the incline; total
depth, 942 feet: bottom In porphyry.
Chollar— lncline shaft No. 1 was sunk 18 feet;
total depth. 1124 feet on the slope; bottom In
porphyry. M level— The streaks of ore between
this level and the 200 level are exhausted. Have
shipped to United States Mint at Carson one
bar of bullion- valued at $78120. the returns
from the pans of 41 tons and 2r>o pounds of ore
milled. In addition to which they have shipped;
to Selb'- works 11°6 p .unds of concentrates from
the same ore. returns of which have not yet
been received.
Potosi— They have stopped east crosscut No.
1 on the 600 level and started west crosscut
No. 1 opposite It from the south lateral drift.
It has been advanced 40 feet, all the way In
quartz mixed with porphyry. The face is still
in quartz, assays running from $1 80 to $3 25
per ton.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter for
the past week saye: 650 level — West crosscut
No. 1, started at a point in the lower tunnel
1300 feet from the mouth, has been driven 10
feet through hard porphyry; total length, 114
feet. 650 level— East crosscut No. 5, started at
a point &40 feet from the station, has been ex
tended 20 reet; total length, 207 feet. This
crosscut is now entering the east ledge. Have
started a west crosscut from the end of the
south drift, at a point 920 feet from the sta
tion. This crosscut is now out five feet a:id
shows ore of fair quality. 750 level— The north
drift from west crosscut No. 1 has been ex
tended 20 feet along the footwall of the vein
and is showing seams of good ore; total length,
63 feet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGEE.
MONDAY, March 14—2 p. m.
Uid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 49% 51
4s quar coup. .lll — |Pac lias Imp.. — 90%
4s quar reg..Ho — | Pac L Co — 55^4
4s quar new..l2l~i — ;S F G & E.. 904 90%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 4
Cal-st Cab 55. 1154 — IStock Gas 1U —
Cal El 6s 1264 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55. ..1024 — Firtm's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98* a Hank Stocks—
EL & P 65..12S — Anglo-ial .... 634 67
F & Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 247 250
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 105
H C & S 54-105 — First ..at ....200 —
L A L Co 65.. - 100 Lon P & A. ..130 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65. .127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M ss. 113 113% Savings lianks—
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Ngßy 55. 101% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
i N Ry Cal 85.. 111% — Mutual Say. 35 40
; N Ry Cal 55.. 102^1034 S F Say U.. 485 495
NPC R R 65.1044 — S& L 50... — 100
NCNg Ry i 5 .102 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 113 California .... —.109
Om Ry 6s 1274130 Geary 40 —
P & O6s 110 — Market-st .... 534 54
P&Ch Ry 65. 1084 — Presidio 4% —
Powell-st 6s ..1174120 Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite .. 85 924
SF& N P 55.106 106% Giant Con Co. 42 424
SPof Ar 65. .1034 — Vlgorit 3% 8%
5 P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is cr 55.. — 994 Al Pac Assn.. 97% 99
6PBr 6s 1124 — Ger Ld Wks.loo 150
5 V Wat 65... 117 117% Hana P C 0... 20 —
6 V Wat 45... 102%102% H C & S Co.. 30% 30%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 44% 45
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — «5 Nat Yin C 0... — 7H
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 57% 57%
Spring Val ...1014101% Pac A F L.. 14 —
Gas 4 Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 964 —
Cent Gaslight. 984 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
M E LCo — 14%
Morning Session.
30 Spring Valley Water 101374
8 do do 10125
25 Hutchinson S P Co 44 624
75 do do 44 75
50 do do 44 874
2;i Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 25
25 do do 30 374
f.O do do 30 60
10 Oakland Gas 49 75
Street-
100 Spring Valley Water 10137%
Afternoon Session.
20 Market-street Railway 53 75
JIOOO Market-street Ry Con Bonds 65. ...113 25
10 Giant Powder Con 42 50
$6000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 62%
5 Spring Valley Water 10137%
10 do do 101 25
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 S7V4
275 do do 46 00
2") Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 50
25 Oakland Gas 49 75
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
15 do do 67 12\4
90 do do 67 25
Street—
60S F Gas & Electric Co 90 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Central Light & Power S 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric 90 87%
5 Spring Valley Water ...101 50
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 3100
Street—
20 Central Light & Power 8 12%
Afternoon Session.
10 Spring Valley Water 10137%
10 do do 101 25
40 Giant Powder 42 62%
100 do do 42 "u>
60 Mutual Elactric 13 60
MINING SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Pension.
200 Best & Belcher. 31 1200 Potosi 86
SGO Kentuck 03 1M 37
200 Occidental 2 05 2.vi Savage 23
400 2Oo:ionx:tah 12
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 081300 Julia 03
100 Andes 10 300 Overman 12
600 Con Cal & Va.. 77 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 105
200 Gould & Curry.. 181
Following were the tales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 10 ' 3W Mexican 30
2W Best & Belcher. 31 '7' 0 Overman 12
300 32 300 Potosi 37
200 Caledonia 2^ 4.V> Sierra Nev ...102Vs
cOl Chollar 37 '300 105
400 Con Cal & Va.. 7. 150 1 07H
300 76; 300 Utah 12
400 Gould & Curry.. 181
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 08 ! 100 Mexican 31
4«"U!elcher 2.". 200 Ophir 44
2<~o Best & Belcher. 31 KG 4."
300 Bullion 10 : 700 Overman 11
200 nllOO Potosl 37
MOCbollar 39.M0 38
200 Con Cal & Va.. 771660 Sierra Nevada.. l 05
200 Exchequer 07 1 100 Union Con 35
300 Gould A; Curry.. IS 1 300 Utah 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, March 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS M .lulia 02 03
Alta 16 17 Fustice — 32
Andes 09 11 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 25 2G Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton — IS Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 30 31 Occidental 205 —
Bullion 09 11 Ophir 45 46
Caledonia 28 30 Overman 11 U
Chollar 38 40 Potosi 37 3S
Con Cal & Va. 76 78 1 Savage 23 23
Challenge 25 2VHSeg Belcher.... 05 06
Confidence 65 70 Scorpion 05 —
Con Imperial . — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 05 110
Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver Hill 01 —
Con New York, -r- 03 Syndicate 01 —
Eureka — 25 Union Con 34 So
Exrneauer .... 06 07 Utah 11 12
Gould & Curry. 17 19 Yellow Jacket. 26 27
Hale St. Norcrs. — 1 40
■ m «
TEMPTING LUNCHEON I^CIPES.
A relishing dish for luncheon or tea is
made in the following manner: For
cracker mix one tablespoonful of grat
ed cheese, half a saltspoonful of salt
and one-fourth of a saltspoonful of
white pepper. Spread the hot crackers
with this mixture of cheese and sea
soning, return to the oven and warm
until the cheese is melted. You may
also make a brewis for tea by prepar
ing the crackers and cheese in this way,
putting them into a buttered shallow
earthen dish, adding one-fourth of a
cupful of milk for each cracker and
baking until it is brown, or until the
milk is absorbed. This is all easy, and
I assure you it is very nice as well as
inexpensive. — Sallie Joy "White In
March Woman's Home Companion.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1898. .
Mo
If
21
IT
1
We Th. Fr.
2 3 4
D 10 11
16 | 17. 13
23 llt 25
"ST IT
Fr.
4
5
13
19
©Full Moon,
I W ' Mar 8. •
i /ft Last Quarter
VkS, . Mar. 14. •
Moon's Phases.
in
20
15
22
29
jZy. New Moon,
\£s Mar. 22. '
-*>Fir9t Quarter,
27
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
•Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTS— Tba high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes latt>r than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MABCH-U'JS.
Tuesday. March lv
Sun rises :...... .•_ 6:11
Sun Bets r."^;;'! ...... .i.'.r.'Vr.~.r r... I. .6:07
Moon r1ae5.. ...'..' .... .......' ;..l:3a
!h wj
!H W
L Wl
i:
I 11:51
I 1:UO
H W
8:
L 1
l w
U:63
1:59
H**W
•1.1
2.U
:£S
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
lust tiiic .if the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
Inlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number Riven Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrofjraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers, to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean . commerce. :■
1 The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and if dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by "telegraphic signal received each day -from
the United States-Naval Observatory, at Mare
Island, Cal. , , 
A notice stating whether the time "ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. la
published the same day by the afternoon
paper*, and by the morning: papers the follow
ing day. • ■ „■■■•■ ft*- s. hughes,
. . Lieutenant. U. S. X., in charge.
STEAIUEKS TO ARRIVE.
I
Prosrreso | Seattle • •-••
Coos. Bay . ! Newport...'.
State or Cai I Portland
VVeeott j Huinboldt .....<....
Empire Coos Bay*
Washtenaw...:. Tacoma. "..--•--"
Pomona San Diee-0...
Umatlila ! Victoria &■ Pueret Sna
Arcata Coos Bay
Colon.. Panama
Homer Humbodlt
Burma. Nanntiro
Mackinaw..... Tacoma..... •
Valencia ....... Alaska. . . • •
Crescent City.. Crescent Ciw
North For* HumooWt...
Coliimoia P0rt1and........ •
Bristol Departure Bay
Bel?ic China aud Japan
Santa Roaa — San Dleso.- i
Mar
Mar 1«
Mar 13
Mar 1«
Mar 16
Mar 1?
Mar 18
I Mar 13
Mar 13
Mir l'J
Mar 1."
Mar 20
Afar 20
Mar 2U
Mar 20
Mar 20
Mar 20
Mar 20
Mar 22
Mar 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL*
Steamer I Destination'! Sails.
North Fork Humboldt.... TMar ].>. 9 am
Homer Humbolut... Mar 15.10 am
Sanui Rosa San Dieso Mar 16.11 am
Pulton. — Alaska Mar 16, ...
Walla Wlla Vle&PSouuo. Mar 17. 10 am
Coos uav.. j Newport Mar )8. 9 am
State of Cal Portland Mar 18. 10 am
CitySvduey; Panama Mar IS. 12 >i
Weeott i Humbldt Bay i Mar IS. s» am
Arcaui | Coon liny Mar It, 10 AM
Pomona.... San Diero Mar A). 11 Aii
Dlrlfro Alaska Mar 20
Umatllla .. Vie & Psrt Snd Mar 22. U' am
Columbia. | Portland.. Mar 22. lOavl
Sails.
Pier S
Pier a
Pier 11
I Pier 20
Pter 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
PM SS
Pier la
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 11
iPior i»
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
14. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped,
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Strait of Juan de Fuca, Washington.
Office of U. S. Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. March 11, 189 S.
Notice Is hereby given that the Sand Spit,
New Dungeness Buoy No. 2. a red, flrst-claea
nun, has been dragged about five miles to
the NE of Dungeness Sand Spit. It will b«
replaced on its old bearings as early as prac
ticable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1896, page 61.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER. Commander. V. S. N.,
Inspector of Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 14.
Stmr Progreso, Gllbey, 83 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Santa F' — Alexander, 63% hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Bktn C C Funk, Challeston, 4 days from
Everett.
Schr Newark, Beck, 12 hours from Bowem
Landing.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Co
qullle River.
POINT LOBOS, March 14—10 p.m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The ships Columbia and Eclipse load coal
on the Sound for this port.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 94 hours from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Monday, March 14.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Simr Humboldt, Bonlfield, Seattle: J A Ma
i gee Jr.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Bark Eleetra, Petersen, Prince William
Sound; Alaska Packers' Assn.
Schr W F JewPtt, Johnson Unalaska;
Alaska Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Monday, March 14.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall, Astoria.
Tug Fearless, Randall, Unalaska, with ship
Eintram in tow.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolson. San Pedro.
Rtmr Hiimholdt. Bonnifleld. Peattli-
Stmr Samoa. Johnson. Eureka.
Br -ship Pyrenees. Bryce. Queenstown.
Br ship Clan Galbratth. Hinds. Queenstown.
Ship William J. Rotch, Lancaster, Puget
Sound.
Ship Sintram, Larsen, Unalaska; in tow of.
'■ tug Fearless.
! Br bark La Escocesa, Evans, Callao.
Fr bark Marguerite Molinos, Mahe. Queens
town.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Landing.*
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reye3. p
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
MEMORANDUM.
Per " Occidental - from . Grays Harbor— Was ,18
days <In making the round trip.
SPOKEN.
March 4— ln English Channel. Br bark kind
ley, hence Sept 16. for Hull.
MISCELLANEOUS." . . .-'■ ■
The U S stmr Bennlngton has ' left . Honolulu
in search of the derelict or large tree which
was seen floating in long 21 24 N. long 154 £3
TV, by the bktn Archer, and if found will ba
destroyed. .'".-. ' .■ .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived March Stmr Em
pire, hence March 10.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March — Stmr s State of
California, for San Francisco. : -;
GREENWOOD — Arrived March 14 — Stmr
Whites>boro. from Port Harford. jj
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 14 — Stmp
Cooullle River, hence March 12.
TATOOSH— Passed March 14— Br stmr Bris
tol hence March 10. for Nanaimo.
CLALLAM BAY— port March 19— Bark
Diamond Head, from Port Blak?ley, for Hono-
YENTIRA— March 14— Stmr News
boy,' from Redondo. -
Sailed March 14— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. _
VENTURA— Arrived March 14— Stmr Georg*
Loomis, hence March 13. « ■_ ■■ :■
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 12— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Olympia. March 13— Schr- Sadie,
from Umpqua. ;•••' "'' J/ y - '_
TACOMA— March . Schr Prosper.
for San Pedro: schr Corona, for San ; Pedro.
COOS BAT— Arrived March 14— Stmr Em
pire, hence March 10.
PORT ANGELES— In port March Bark
Vidette, from Olympia, for San Francisco: sen
Sailor Boy. from Port Blakeley, for Hueneme.
EUREKA— Arrived March 14— Stmr Weeott.
hence March 11: stmr Westport. from New-
P °REDONDO— Sailed March 14— Stmr News
boy. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 14 — Jap stmr
Kastoshima Man:, from Yokohama; Br ship
Conway, from Manila. ■ • .
Sailed March Stmr Lakme. for Dyea.
T -VTOOSH— Passed March 14— Ship Santa
Clam. from Nannlmo, for —— : «»chr C 8
Holmes, from San Pedro, for ) Port Blakeley
ASTORlA— Arrived March 13— Br ship Cora-
monwealth. from Kobe. _ > ■ ■ ._ ~
Sailed/March 13-Stmr City. of Topeka. for
D CASPAR-Sailed March 14-Stmr Jewel, for 1
Sa vENTURA°- Sailed March 14-Stmr George
Loomis. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. >
NEW ' YORK— March 12— Stmr Ad
vance, from ; Colon.
FOREIGN ; PORTS. :;«v • =
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed March .12—
ship Rahnne for San Francisco
KOBE— Sailed Fell 12-Ger ship Gertrude, for
Portland p~»> ' 15— Ger ship Barmbek. for
Portland. Feb 21— Br ship Pass of Leny. for
P YOKOHAMA— Sailed' Feb' 16-Br stmr Ping
1"'^!! March - 1-Br stmr Cap*
Ouvay for .Tuneful ami Pyea. via Auckland.
mah -San Francisco, and passed - Dunge*
"HAKODA-rl-Sailed March 13-Haw «hr
H^^F-A I rmJd^rch C «-Br ship TorHS
SIS'ZARD^SSS March 4-Br ship Llndley,
h FALMOrTH -" s"!ied March 12 - Ger ship
W or k FSvSTbWN-Sanrd k " March 12-Ger »hip
» F STEAMKV.S.
GIBRALTAR-Arrived March 14-Stm Saale.
from New T k : I_otmr"Fulda,1 _otmr"Fulda, for New York.
I^WERP-AJrTved March' 14-Stmr Nord
la So - t-TH m \MrTOX OI March 14-Stmr
v -. '"■• yawv a w York.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of I»cnrno. Switzerland, and ■
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
624 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
•Paid vi) capital and re5erve5............ 5600. 000
A General Savings and Commercial Bankl-^
business transacted.;, .' B
Interest paid on savings deposits. . ; - Hr
lx>ans on approved real estate security aha '
on commercial paper/ v
- DIRECTORS: : ' ,
Ernst A. Denlcke. A. Sbarboro; J. C. Ruefl.
E. Martlnonl, F. C. Slebe, A. Tognaiiinl, H.
Brunner, McD. R. Venable, A. G. ■ 'Wleland,
F. Kronenberg. Clias. Martin. C. \ Gehret, P.
Tognaizlnl, S. • Qrandi, Q. Rottanzl. .ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KILLED WHILE
GOING HOME
Inspector Faria's Sense
of Duty Led to
Death.
At the Hospital He Asked That
He Might See His
Family.
Died In His- Young Wife's Amu as
H« Was Sending » Farewell
to His Children.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 13.
As John Faria was returning to his
home this morning lie noticed a defective
switch and stopped to repair it. He had
nearly finished when an engine ap
proached. Faria jumped out of the way,
but only to be struck by another engine,
and injured so frightfully that he died at
noon.
Faria is an inspector employed by the
Southern Pacific, and his fidelity led to
his death. He was not required to touch
the switch that he saw was loose, but he i
■was too conscientious to Ignore it. He has ;
always shown marked attention to duty,
and during the nine years he has been in
the employ of the railroad he has been
promoted till he was a track inspector.
Five minutes after he saw the loose j
switch he should have been home, but he i
was destined never to see his home again, i
He did not notice that there were sev- j
eral switch engines flying about the j
yards, and he went on his knees to work. ;
An engine approached from behind, and it :
was dangerously near before he observed
It. He leaped on to the adjacent track
and was not aware that some freight cars ;
were being shunted upon it. Before he j
could collect his wits he was knocked ;
down and fatally injured.
The injured man was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, but no relief could be |
afforded him. Six years ago ho was
married, and he is the father of two little
children. He knew he was dying, and
made a request that they be brought to
him. His wife was sent for and arrived j
before the end, but he died without seeing ;
his little ones.
A scene such as occurred at the hospital !
is not a frequent one. "\\ vile the suffering
man was approaching death. Revs. Gloria i
and Slavin were offering the final com
forts of the church, while tho doctors at
tempted to allay the Intense pain, anu the ;
unhappy young wife wns taking a final i
embrace and listening to a farewell to
take to the two little tots at home.
NO RECEPTION,
BUT A FUNERAL
Miss Flossie Schultz Dies on
the Eve of Leaving for
the East.
She Had Given Promise of Ability
From Which Much Wai
Expected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 14.
The death of Miss Flossie Schultz, who
Tras to have been tendered a swell recep
tion to-morrow night at tne home of Mr.
and Mrs. F. M. Smith, has cut short the
life of one of the most promising young
actresses that California has knoMPn.
Miss Schultz is the daughter of Mrs.
Martin Bchultz, the well-known soprano
of the First Congregational Church, and
had only been sick a few days of a cold
which developed fatally. Not until yes
terday morning was it known that Miss
Schultz was ill. and then the news was
made known through the absence of Mrs.
Schultz from the choir.
Mrs. Schultz had made all arrange
ments to leave this week with her two
daughters for the East, where Miss
Flossie was to prepare for a professional
career, as she had already shown marked
ability as an elocutionist.
Mrs. F. M. Smith had prepared for a
reception to Mrs. Schultz and her daugh
ters next Txie^day and had sent out 250
invitations, which have, of course, been
canceled.
FARMERS' HOTEL BURNED.
Pleasanton at the Mercy of the Fiery
Elements With No Pro
tection.
OAKLAND. March 14.— The Farmers*
Hotel of Pleasanton, a landmark there for
thirty-five years, was totally destroyed by
fire at an early hour this morning. The
loss will aggregate fully $10,000, but was
well Insured.
Two young men who had Just returned
from a Sunday evening visit to their lady
frit-nds in Llvermore noticed the fire llrst
in the roof of the kitchen. They gave the
alarm at once and aroused the occupants
of the house. The town has no fire appa
ratus, £nd the citizens coum only stand
by and see the house go up in smoke. A
slight breeze from the south blew the
sparks across the creek. The bridge
caught fire from the sparks, but was
saved by buckets of water.
DEMAND MONEY REFUNDED.
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
Company Want Tax Money-
Refunded.
OAKLAND. March 14.— J. C. William-
Ron, an asslgr.ee of the Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph Company, has secured a
writ of mandate against County Treasurer
O. M. Sanford to secure the return of
$283.44 paid as taxes on personal property
in addition to their assessment. The tax
was levied upon the rate fixed for the
year 1895-96 and collected under protest.
When the rate was fixed for the year
18S6-97, for which the personal taxes had
been collected. It made a reduction of
$287 79. The raise of the State Board of
Equalization made the difference now
■ued for. $283.44.
Randall Surrenders His Opposition.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Mrs. Frances M.
Cragin was appointed administratrix of
the estate of Mrs. Mary Randall, to-day,
with bonds fixed at *?8,000. Before this
•was done, however, Charles w. Randall
of San Francisco filed a dismissal of hia
contest, a renunciation cf his rights under
special letters of administration and a
resignation of his co-esecutorship under !
the will. This action stopped what prom- i
lsed to be a sensational contest, and is |
taken as evidence that t financial com
promise has been made.
Grand Jury To-Day.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Tha Grand Jury
will resume its session at I- 30 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. Among those who j
will be present in the corridor are Presl- I
dent Henry Pierce, of the Contra Costa j
Water Company, Councllmen Earl, Wat- ;
kinson, Heltman, Henneberry and Wood
ward. Con Brosnahan Is not wanted yet,
but may be later.
Settlement of the Garcelon Estate.
OAKLAND, March 14.— The iccount of
George W. Reed, as administrator of the
estate of Catherine M. Garcelon was be
fore Judge Ogden for settlement to-day.
Attorneys' fees, amounting to ft^j), was
allowed for the Bowdoin College litiga
tion, and $300 for the same in the de
fense of the Hamilton contest. Enil Nua
baumer was alFowed $500 for general at
torney services. For the will contest of
J. P. Merrltt, Reed and Nuebaumer wer«
allotted $1500
CUTTING OUT
THE RAILROAD
Realty Syndicate's Plans
Driving Merchants
West.
Changes Being Made All Aim
to Keep People Off
Broadway.
On« by One All the Big Firms Ar«
Going to Washington
Street.
Oakland Office San Francisco
90S Broadway, March
The many changes in the arrangements
of the street car lines that are controlled
by the Realty Syndicate are having a
marked effect on realty values, and will,
to a certain extent, guide the progress of
this city for the next ten years or more.
To-day, another announcement was made
that the biggest and oldest furnishing
house on Broadway will soon move to
Washington street.
The Southern Pacific roads on Broad
way are the only two lines that are not
controlled by the syndicate, with the ex
ception of the Haywards road, and the
combine is now engaged in diverting as
much travel as possible from Broadway,
and it is succeeding. Within a month all
the travel from Berkeley, Alameda, East
Oakland, "West Oakland and Fruitvale
will be centered on Washington street.
Not a single branch of the syndicate
lines are doing anything to help Broad
waj . neither do any of its lines transfer
to the Broadway route.
In consequence of the gradual diversion
of traffic to Washington street, business
has followed, and within the past five
years nearly all the big Broadway firms
have gone west. When the Oakland Gas
Company bought and built a fine block
at Thirteenth and Clay streets, many
were found who laughed at the venture,
and referred to it as being out in the
woods. Now large blocks have been built
toward it with great rapidity, and there
Is no doubt that the next move will be
to have Washington street cut right
through to San Pablo, so as to further
divert travel from Broadway.
The Southern Pacific lines can only run
out Broadway to Berkeley and to Emery
ville, and cannot transfer to any line
going east and west. This Is, of course,
a great advantage to the syndicate roads,
which transfer anywhere and every
where.
It is again reported that before the
opening of another racing season at
Emeryville there will be ;m electric road
running to the track, and as the syndi
cate has thousands of acres of land under
option in that neighborhood there is
probably some truth in the report that
BLOOD WIPED OUT A GRUDGE."
Biff, bang, and the crimson liquid poured from the nasal append
ages of two young men who fought In the first place to wipe out a dis
agreement and in the second to see who was the better man from a
physical standpoint. The disagreement had arisen between Joe Kane,
who earns a livelihood driving a delivery wagon for Levin Brothers,
and Jimmy Riley, who drives a dray, because neither would give up
the right-of-way on the road, and In consequence a collision took place.
The outrage, as both declared the incident to be, was well turned
over In their minds and in consequence the match was arranged and
last evening it took place In the basement beneath the San Francisco
Road Club's rooms. At about 10 o'clock Jimmy Riley was on the scene
and commenced to prepare for the fray. All the lights In the building
with the exception of one In the rear end of the basement were ex
tinguished and a billiard table which has seen better days was car
ried by Riley and his friends in a position so that the light would not
be run Into. Curtains were drawn and the place was patrolled by
trusty co-conspirators to keep the police from swooping down on th«
blood-thirsty gathering.
Joe Kane arrived soon after his rival and he in a few moments
was ready for the mill. Harry Fitzgerald, who at one time trained
Lawler, was chosen as referee, Al Neal of the Manhattan Athletic Club
and Tom O'Brien were the seconds, and the secretary of the road club
acted as time-keeper. The men who were about to fight for honor and
the right of way then took off their shoes, trousers, coats and shirts
and agreed not to hit in the clinches and to break clean. The rule
was, however, dispensed with on numerous occasions.
Then they were at it. A left swing, then a right, a clinch, a
knockdown and the mill became interesting. Kane, although much tall
er and heavier than his opponent, had the worst of it in the first round
as Riley "soaked" him In the nose and the flowing blood all but choked
him.
No water, towels or fans, or even what the Board of Supervisors de
mand, five-ounce gloves, were on hand, so the fighters went at It bare
handed and wiped the blood from all portions of their craniums with
their clothing, which had been strewn around the floor during the
struggle. The fight became bo vicious that the small gathering present
took refuge behind the table and the way Fitzgerald holloed for the
men to break away was enough to bring down every officer from the
City Hall to the scene of battle as it was but two blocks from the
prison. The back door was unfastened at this point in case of an
emergency.
At the time for a one-minute rest according to all ethics of the prize
ring the tired men were vigorously farmed with a flannel shirt and
a pair of trousers. They both came up fresh for the second go and
the blood flew all over the room. After a few well-directed blows Kane
landed a "beauty" on the point of Riley's chin and he reposed on the
edge of the billiard table. He cried enough and the mill wai ended.
Upon examination it was discovered that Riley had received consider
able punishment and Kane was petting a swelled and reddened nose.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
the pier at Emeryville, built four years
ago by F. M. Smith, the borax man, will
soon be put to some use.
The Southern Pacific is also anxious to
extend the San Pablo line to the race
track, and when C. P. Huntington was
here about a year ago he gave out the
idea that soon one large power house will
be used for local trains, and also for
street car lines. Now that the syndi
cate's opposition is so active it will likely
be met by the carrying out of the
schemes of the railroad that have been
so often exploited.
The Unitarian Club.
ALAMEDA. March 14.— The Unitarian
Club will hold its regular bi-weekly meet
ing on Wednesday evening of this week.
The features of the meeting will be a pa
per on the sign language used by the deaf
and dumb, which will be read by a mem
ber of the club and illustrated by Profes
sor d'Estrella of the Berkeley Asylum. A
paper on the North American Indian will
be read by Dr. W. A. H. Oronhyatekha,
himself an Indian of the Mohawk nation.
Husband Against Wife.
ALAMEDA. March 14.— Mrs. P. W.
Fonda of 1313 Park avenue has been
charged by her husband, who lives in
Bast Oakland, with grand larceny for
moving a quantity of furniture to the
locality given in this city. Fonda is over
70 years of age and his wife about 40. The
couple did not agree very well and a
short time ago Mrs. Fonda left her hus
band and moved to this city. Each party
accuses the other of misrepresentation
with regard to property, and it is prob
able that a divorce suit will result and
that the larceny charge will be dropped.
Fonda has been married three times.
Call,
14.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 14.— The Recreation
Club is preparing a musical programme
to be given on Thursday evening, March
24. at Armory Hall for the benefit of the
club.
Chief Krauth of the Fire Department
has left for a ten days' vacation. Frank
Millington is taking his place.
Edward O. Crosby and Leonie E. Moral
were married last evening by Rev. T. J.
Lacey.
Charles A. Park and Miss Violet Hill of
2707 Central avenue are to be married to
morrow evening at the residence of the
bride.
Captain Christian Thomsen, an old sea
captain, died this morning of paresis at
his residence, 3136 Santa Clara avenue.
Elvin Clover of Saug-us, Los Angeles
County, and Miss Carrie Palmer of this
city are to be married on Thursday even
ing at the residence of the bride's pa
rents, 1520 Alameda avenue.
Melons From Turkestan.
BERKELEY, March 14.— The agricul
tural department of the university has
just received seeds of nine new varieties
of muskmelon from Turkestan. The seed
was obtained by Professor N. E. Hansen
of the United States Department of
Agriculture from the garden of the Emir
of Bokhara. The melons, which are of
excellent flavor, grow on an oasis in the
khanate of Khiva, and some of the vari
eties weigh as much as thirty pounds.
The local department will experiment
with the seed at the Berkeley experiment
station.
Will Bury Bourdon.
BERKELEY, March 14.— The freshmen
have chosen the speakers for their spec
tacular Bourdon burial celebration next
month. The leading participants will be:
Pontifex Maximus, C. D. Cobb; Lauda
tors. R. S. Pierce and J. B. Southard;
Damnators, R. T. Fisher and R. W.
Tully; Mephistopheles, M. H. Schwartz;
imprecator, J. W. Butler; ghost, Nat Gui
berson; herald, A. S. Williams.
DEFENDS THE
DIVORCE LAWS
Ex-Judge Gibson Talks
of the Causes of
Separation.
Lawyers Could Often Prevent
a Divorce by Giving
Advice.
The Jurist Tells Why He la a
Much Happier Man Than
Huntington.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jviarch 14.
Ex-Judge Gibson told some of his ex
periences in divorce matters before a
crowd of young people at the Y. M. C. A.
to-night. He defended the divorce laws
of California, and said if they were car
ried put to the letter there would be little
fault found with them. The speaker
said:
"The causes of divorce are not so much
the fault of the law as of society. The
same conditions that produce tramps,
poverty and dissipation are responsible
for divorces. The laws of California do
not make divorce easy. There are only
six causes for divorce recognized by law,
and in the case of cruelty or habitual in
temperance these conditions must have
prevailed for not less than one year. A
woman ought not to be compelled to re
main the wife of a drunkard or a cruel
husband. Our laws, if properly construed,
can scarcely be said to work an injury to
society, but In many cases it has been a
great boon to poor suffering victims of
improper marriages. .
'•jftarely does it happen that divorce is
wanted in a home where there are chil
dren. It is in childless unions, where
selfishness and not love reigns, that hus
bands and wives go to the courts. Many
people want too much. A little home, a
few pictures and books and flowers, a
happy family and the means to have rea
sonable amusement these are all a man
can have, and are, in fact, all that the
wDrld can .give.
'•1 am a great deal happier than C. P.
Huntington. He wants too much, and Is
overcome witn care taking care of it after
he gets it. He can only use as much of
this world's goods as I can, and 1 do not
•nvy him. I have been married many
years, and I have three daughters and a
home, and 1 find my enjoyment there.
There is no fear of divorce in such a
home as that. While I was on the bench
I was convinced that one-half of the di
vorces could have been avoided had law
yers given other advice and sought to
heal breaches rather than widen them.
As an attorney, 1 always try to keep hus
band and wife together rather than to
separate them. To a certain extent hus
band and wife are blind, and when they
lay their troubles before -an attorney,
quite often a solution of the difficulty
can be found without a resort . to the
courts.
"If a man is true enough to win a pure
woman's love, as a rule he will remain
so if his affection be reciprocated. One
thing is certain, if the principles advocated
by the Purity Club be followed out, law
yers will not fatten on divorce fees." . .
BOSTONIANS WELCOMED.
Oakland Society Turns Out En Masse
to Hear "Robin Hood."
OAKLAND, -larch 11.— Oakland's Blue
book materialized was at the Macdonough
Theater to-night. T-ie slurs of third-rate
companies that cannot fill the playhouse
that this city is not appreciative were
wiped out most effectively, for society
did as it has often done in the past — it
turned out en masse to hear and see the
Bostonians. Not since l>e Wolf Hopper
was here has such a social display been
made at the Macdonough and the event
proved that Oakland can be moved with
something really good.
To some extent, San Francisco frowned
on "Robin Hood," and this was enough
even without Henry Barnabee and Alice
Neilson, to Insure its being warmly re
ceived here. For once, a great audience
in Oakland was enthused. No matter how
great its appreciation, a Macdonough au
dience rarely condescends to show it. but
to-night was an exception. Sometimes
encores were thrice repeated, and the
company was as anxious to repeat as the
audience to listen. Kvldently the fact that
the company ordered a keg of beer put
aboard the train when it left last time
and forgot to pay for it has not .hurt its
reputation, nor is Barnabee, who was
credited with getting ahead of Colonel
Wettsteln, any less popular on that ac
count. The company plays two more
nights, with a matinee Wednesday.
Stole the Collection.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Thieves broke
Into the Thirty-fourth Street M. E. Church
some time after services last evening and
stole the collection, which amounted to
J5. It is the habit of the officers to leave
the evening collection locked in the desk
of the superintendent of the Sunday
school. Some one must have known this,
for after effecting an entrance this desk
was broken open and the money re
moved.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 14.-The Alameda
Water Company has begun the work of
putting water meters into the houses of
Berkeley consumers. The law does not
require them to be put in before July 1,
but the company wants to save as much
aa possible the scant water supply that
Berkeley has in prospect for the coming
season.
The senior class at the university -will
meet next Friday morning to consider
their class day programme and finances.
Professor M. L. M&rgolia will deliver a
lecture at the university on Wednesday
afternoon, at 2:50 o'clock, on "The Minor
Prophets."
The Berkeley High School athletes are
Jubilant over the reinstatement as an
amateur of Henry Spencer, who was sus
pended for alleged professionalism by the
Pacific Athletic Association several
months ago. Spencer is regarded as one
of the best all-round athletes in the
Academic League.
Phil Overman won the five-mile road
race hold last Saturday under the aus
pices of the Peralta Cycling Club. Walter
Deakin took second place.
PATBIOTIJ NIGHT.
West Point and the Loyal Legion.
One Country, One Flag and Two
Dinners.
There ought to be patriotic oratory of
the inspiring kind to-morrow evening at
the Occidental Hotel and the Malson
Blche. The Companions of the Witary
Order of the Loyal Legion will feast and
talk at tha hotel on Montgomery street,
while the graduates of the West Point
Military Academy will eat, drink and
talk at the restaurant on Grant avenue.
The Loyal Legion banquet begjns at 9
o'clock. The eagle will scream two hours
earlier at the Maison Riche, and how
much later no one knows.
Held for Burglary.
Joseph Kins was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan on a charge of burglary in
$5000 bonds. On February 16 King broke
into the residence of Edward Deakin, SIOO
Telegraph avenue, Berkeley, and stole a
large quantity of valuable articles which
he disposed of in this city.
Oaubatz in a Bad Fix.
Charles Gaubatz, a porter, -was arrested
yesterday on the complaint of Private De
tective Stilwell, charging him with being
unfaithful to his marriage vows, it is
Bald that he has been neglecting his wife
for at least two other women. He re
fused to discuss the matter, and said it
was a casa of spite.
RAGAN'S CASE
IS DISMISSED
Judge Cook Decides That
He Has No Jurisdic
tion to Try It.
The Grand Jury Must First
Find an Indict
ment.
The Disappearance of Stanton Leaves
the Case of the Prosecution
Very Weak.
In the semi-darkness of Judge Cook's
courtroom the trial of Dr. Ragan, charged
with selling positions In the School De
partment, was called last evening, but,
after a brief hearing, the case was dis
missed.
The proceedings opened with a motion
by H. S. Aldrich. attorney for the prose
cution, for a continuance of the case. Mr.
Aldrich stated as his reasons that at the
last moment Attorney Deuprey had with
drawn and it was impossible to find Stan
ton, who was the chief witness. Judge
Cook ruled that while there had already
been ample time to prepare the case, he
doubted if he had jurisdiction to try it
without an indictment by the Grand Jury.
Attorney Foote, for the defense, staled
that they were wi.-^ng to waive any
tecnnicalltles that might arise from a
lack of jurisdiction, and urged that the
case dg heard.
K. S. KiJpatrick was then called as the
first witness for the prosecution, but
he and his attorney managed to maice an
almost hopeless muddie of the case in less
than ten minutes. He first testified as to
the number of years he had known Ra
gan, his business relations with him and
the number of teachers employed in the
Lincoln Evening School; that on January
1, 1597, there ware fourteen classes and
twenty-eight teachers In the school and
that teachers had been sent to him by
Ragan.
"Were there any more teachers than
necessary?" asked Mr. Aldrich.
This question was objected to by Mr.
Foote, on the grounds that the court had
no means of knowing whether the witness
was competent to .state how many teach
ers were necessary.
"Do you know if Ragan ever demanded
money for the appointment of teachers?"
The court permitted this question, pro
vided the witness would answer it direct
ly. Mr. Kilpatrlck seemed unwilling to
implicate himself, and declined to give a
straight answer. He beat around the
bush for a while, and finally his answers
were ordered stricken out as irrelevant
and not to" the point. The next question
of "Do you know if positions were sold?"
met the same fate as its predecessor, and
was also stricken out.
The prosecution then started on a new
tack, but met disaster at the outset. They
nought to prove that Ragan had either
knowingly caused an unnecessary num
ber of teachers to be appointed, or had
neglected his duty in not informing him
self as to what teachers were necessary.
As there was no allegation of neglect of
duty in the bill of complaint, these ques
tions were not allowed, and Judge Cook
announced his intention of dismissing the
case, as he had no jurisdiction to try it.
While his Honor was making himself
solid on points of law and jurisdiction,
Aldrich was unmercifully taunted by the
attorneys for the defense for the weak
ness of his case and was advised when
he found himself in such a predicament
again to withdraw decently, as his col
league Mr. Deuprey had done. He took
it all good-naturedly, however, and re
plied that he "was not a quitter, but
would stay with It as long as there was
anything to stay with."
As soon as this ordeal was over, the
prosecution had another to stand. Attor
ney Boyer objected to the quiet dismissal
of the case, and argued that the prosecu
tion be compelled to substantiate some of
the accusations they had publicly made
against his client and that they also be
cited for contempt of court.
"These gentlemen," he said, "are cer
tainly in contempt and have trifled with
this court, as they knew they had no case
to present. As late as half-past 2 to-day
they were out searching for evidence.
Mrs. Clara Stark, vice-principal of the
Hearst Grammar School, is in court will
ing to swear that she was visited by
Messrs. Atherton and Kilpatrick late this
afternoon. They had with them an affi
davit to the effect that Ragan had tried
to extort money for a promotion from
her, and a subpena which they would
serve on her as soon as she would sign
the affidavit. She refused to sign, but
requested that the subpena be served on
her. As soon as they found she would
not sign the affidavit they refused to
serve the subpena and withdrew."
Judge Cook declined to take this advice,
however, and advised the prosecution if
they still'thought they had a case against
Ragan to bring it before the Grand J*ury.
MRS. SCHULLER
IS STILL ALIVE
After Her Wounds Had Been
Dressed Yesterday She
Went to Sleep.
According to Hep Statement His
Relatives Have Bean Tolling
Lies About Her.
Mrs. Eugenia Schuller, who was shot
three times by her husband in his office
last Sunday, was resting easy In the Har
bor Receiving Hospital last night. She
suffered considerably during the morning,
but after her wounds had been dressed by
Dr Zabala she felt much better and went
to sleep. Last night Dr. Deas said she had
a bare fighting chance for her life, but
that nothing definite would be known for
some time. .».._-_« .
During the day Mrs. Schuller received a
great many visitors and spoke her mind
freely with anybody and everybody.
"There are many dark secrets that I can
unfold," said she. "I wish to correct the
statements made by Mrs. Charles C.
Maxon. She hates me and has not told
the truth about me. My husband married
me for my money, but I forgive him. I
forgive all his family who have so cruel
ly treated me. His daughter, Mrs. Maxon,
told the reporters that I was acquitted of
the charge of arson, because it was shown
that my mind was affected. That was a
lie. I was acquitted because I was inno
cent.
"Mrs. Maxon, the daughter of Mr.
Schuller, has ill-treated me when she
should be grateful for one of the kindest
things it is possible for one woman to ao
unto another. Her husband, while still
legally united to another, had married
Miss "Schuller in this city. The former
Mrs. Maxon of Bay City. Mich., had come
clear across the continent to gain ven
geance upon her husband and to put the
brand of shame upon the child of the sec
ond wife. It was due to my efforts, my
pleadings, that the second Mrs. Maxon
agreed to a divorce upon the payment of
$1000 that the second marriage could be
made lep.il. Yet now they seek to vilify
me I have been robbed of my all and
now I must die in poverty. It seems almost
beyond the power o/ human endurance,
yet I must bear it, 'and truly I toes> v *
them."
A Lecture on a Rainstorm.
A lecture on "The Story of a Rain
storm" will be given at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, by W. H. Hammon,
United States forecast official, next
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock. The lec
ture will bo illustrated by stereopticon
views.
The fac-simile 's7l?--'''s/^7r~^j^^-' : ' ** Xi i-'jevery^vrappcT:
signature of l6&^?>^^^^r of GASTOEIA.
Auction Sales
FURNITUREJB ROOMS.
THIS DAY, TUESDAY. AT II A. M. AT
425 O'FARRELL ST., NR. JONES.
FRANK W. I3UTTICRFIELD, 6f'2 Market.
COLNON GRILLED
IN OPEN COURT
Attorney Matt Sullivan
Speaks Plainly of His
Business Methods.
Mr. Stratton Comes in for a
Share of the Attorney's
Cutting Remarks.
Tha Harbor Commissioners Accused
of Favoritism in No Un
certain Terms.
In his argument before Judge Be'cher
yesterday Attorney Matt Sullivan
vented his opinion on Harbor Commis
sioner Colnon and his associates for
their dishonest methods in conducting
business on the water front. While on
this subject, Mr. Stratton, the board's
legal adviser in the present proceed
ing, received some of the attorney's at
tention. Mr. Sullivan told the court
that Strattc-n had acted in a dual capa
city when he advised the board to re
ject the Paraffine Paint Company's bid
and advertise for new ones, as he was
acting as attorney for Messrs. Slade &
Dundon, who were interested in the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany, a corporation which was bidding
against the Paraffine Paint .Company.
Legal arguments as a rule become
tiresome, owing to their technical scope,
but thrcrugout the day Mr. Sullivan
held the attention of the court and vis
itors by his clear statement of the man
ner in Which his clients had been
treated.
At the outset Mr. Sullivan told the
court that Mr. Stratton was attorney
for Dundon and also for Slade, and that
these two constituted the firm of the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany; that Slade himself was the sole
member erf the S. E. Slade Lumber
Company and Dundon was a member
of the firm of Darby Laydon & Co.
'•Within a period of about a year,"
said Mr. Sullivan, "the S. E. Slade
Lumber Company, Darby Laydon & Co.
and the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company have drawn from the
treasury a large amount of money,
amounting to something like $130,000 or
$140,000. When the awarding of these
contracts came up the Paraffine Paint
Company was the lowest bidder, offer
ing to do the work under all the pro
cesses for less than it had ever been
done before. The board, instead of con
sulting its regular attorney, Tirey L.
Ford, who was admittedly well quali
fied to attend to the matter, called upon
Mr. Stratton, who was the attorney of
Dundon and Slade who were bidders."
At this point Mr. Sullivan called the
court's attention to the testimony of
Tirey L. Ford, who, although regu
larly appointed and a paid attorney of
the board, refused to represent it in the
matter, as he had already refused to
defend the board in the suit brought
by the Healy, Tibbets Company, in
which the board was charged with
favoritism in dealing with the Timber
Preserving Company. He then brought
out the point that the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners had no author
ity to employ special counsel. Sec
tions of the code and decisions of the
Sunreme Court were read, showing
that the board had no right whatever
to employ special counsel. "The law
expressly provides that the regular se
lected attorney shall attend to all the
legal business of the board, and that
when necessary it may call upon the
Attorney-General who must gratuitous
ly render all services which the board
requires; that the employment of Mr.
Stratton was illegal, and that the large
amounts paid to him by reason of his
special employment have been illegally
paid, and that the board and their
eurleties on their official bonds are
liable to be mulcted in damages; *that
their only reason for employing Mr.
Stratton was because he was or had
been the attorney of S. E. Slade and
Dundon. who constituted the San
Francisco Lumber Company.
"The law provides," said Mr. Sulli
van, '"that the contract in a matter of
this kind should be awarded to the
lowest bidder, unless in the opinion of
the board the bids are too high they
must be rejected. The board rejected
the bids not because they were too
high, but because Mr. Stratton had
advised them to do so."
Mr. Sullivan then went on and quoted
authorities to show the absurdity of
Mr. Stratton's advice when he directed
the board to throw the bids out because
they were not opened on the day as ad
vertised.
He devoted the rest of the afternoon
to picking out portions of Mr. Strat
ton's and Colnon's testimony showing
that a condition of fraud, corruption
and favoritism pervaded the adminis
tration of affairs on the water front un
der the present regime, charging par
ticularly that Mr. Colnon was the head
and front of all the fraud and corrupt
practices now prevalent and that no
cautious or prudent business man or
corporation would under any circum
stances ever put in a bid to do public
work on the water front as long as
the present practices are carried on.
He particularly charged Mr. Stratton
with being responsible in a great meas
ure for the prevailing evils on account
of the peculiar dual capacity which he
occupied as adviser of the boards un
lawfully selected by them and paid by
them as special counsel in direct viola
tion of the statutes of the State, and at
the same time representing private in
terests that have admittedly been In
strumental in filching from the State
treasury a vast amount of money with
out competing for business as the law
required and through favoritism ex
tended by Mr. Colnon to his clients.
Mr. Sullivan will conclude his argu
ment this morning when Mr. Stratton
will reply.
CRIMINALS WITH PRIORS.
Judges May Take Cognizance Thereof
in Passing Sentence.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday that -will he of great in
terest to those who have been convicted
of violations of the law. The case in
question was that of one Patrick Kelly,
who was convicted of burglary in the sec
ond degree, for which offense the maxi
mum sentence is «ye years in the State
Prison. In this instance the judge sen
tenced Kelly to the full extent of the law,
and then added five years more to the
AT AUCTION.
Wednesday, March 16, 1898,
At 12 O'Clock M., at
609 Battery St., Nr. Jackson,
HORSES,
WAGONS,
COAL CARTS,
FIXTURES, Etc.
Formerly used in wholesale coal buslneM.
To Be Sold Without Reserve.
Owner Retiring From Business.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
sentence, the second Installment being 1
based on the ground that Kelly had a
prior conviction against him in the crim
inal records of the State. An appeal was
taken on the ground that the fact of the
prior conviction was not properly pre
sented to the court; also that the clerk's
records do no show that the last half of
the sentence was on account of the prior
conviction.
The higher court holds that the judge
in passing sentence may take cognizance
of the prior conviction although the fact
of its existence may not be formally in
troduced in the case under consideration.
And further, that while the clerk's rec
ords should be more explicit in the re
cording of a sentence, still, In the present
matter, the omission was not of so much
importance as to make the sentence void.
Aiaska Duties.
The Treasury Department has. notified
Collector Jackson that articles (Carried hy
passengers free of duty to the gold re
gions of Alaska and the Northwest Ter
ritory cover all wearing apparel and
other personal effects and necessary out
fit, euch as tents, blankets, cooking uten
sils, etc., carried by passengers for im
mediate use.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABSY ST- Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswheti
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Coretea»rant<>»d. Callorwrlte.
l»r. .1. V. i.iRROBt. Rex 1937. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
- ■- i -~
PHBBflUlff The s. s. moana
ijESJEIBiSIU sails via Honolulu and
•£™ "*• Auckland for Sydney
M j^—^. . Wednesday. March 23,
rti^-L* > 2 p. m.
SffrllTl^niDc) s - S - zkalandia.
Ci)lCO!llJlll|/ v ' for HONOLULU only.
/nfllßSßll* Wednesday, April 6,
, V^iujjulW^ 2p. m special party
• < .■'■•■ rates. ■
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKBLS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freigth Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
THE NEW PASSENGER AND FREIGHT STEAMER
DlRIGO"
Will sail about March 21 for
DYE A AND SKAGUAY
' '; DIRECT.
For passage and freight apply
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION 00.,
3 Steuart Street, San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'B^.^ Steamers leave Broadway
Yk*W%fc wharf. San Francisco:
' EKP^^nl^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
KlEwl March 2. 7, 12. 17, 22, 27, April
' lAJSIXaI 1- Transferred at Seattle.
i ls*|Sfi2£<lSSai For Alaskan ports (from
I * J^^B«gH«l Spear street wharf). 10 a. m.,
March 2. 6, 10, 14. 18, 22. 26. 30.
"** ■ Transferred at Portland. Or. I
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. March 2. 7,
12 17 22 27 and every fifth day thereafter,
ronnectln'e at Seattle with company's steam-
ere"or Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March 3, 8. 15. 21. 27. and . every sixth day
1 For l Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
; Gaviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu«neme.
Ran Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.J
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10 14. 18, 22. 26.
30 ' and every fourth day thereafter.
" For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anceles and Redondo (Los Angles), 11
a m* March 4, 8. 12, 16. 20. 24. 28. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Marctf 8,
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter. ,
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers. sailing date*
a T 1 ICKET f OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
i GOODALL. Perkins & CO.. Gen. M.
wu 10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE IFI2 First Clas* Including Berth
rAKC ?8 Second Class and Meals -
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:;
State of California -Mar. 2. 10. 18. 28
Columbia • Mar. 8. 14. 22. M
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to WARD> General Agent.
630 Market «t-
GOODALU PERKINS & CO., ;4
. ,■ - ; Sunerintendent*. |
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by — «««'«»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
th* channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $180;
SE°S?ORMANDIB ............March 19. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ............March 26 10 a. m.
LA BOTTRCOGNE -Apr 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9. Wan,
LA NORMANDIE ............April 18
For further particulars APP^ A(fent>
vi? ; . No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
■ J. F. FUOA74I A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
art.. San - Francisco. _ ;
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
Normannia ..March ;M Columbia .......May IS
A. Victoria April 7 Normannia May 19
v •m.imarck April 2S ■■ A. Victoria May 26
Jivft ""abTn $75 vp P 2d Cabin MS up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania.March 26|Patrla ........April 23
Pa latia .. April <<! Phoenicia .......May 7
Pretoria ".'.'.'.... April 16' Pennsylvania... May H
pTrVt cabin, $60 up: 2d cabin $40: steerage $2«.
HBUihurg-American Line. 37 Bror»»*/aj , N. Y.
HERZOO & CO.. General Agent? Pacific Coast.
401 'California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 8
,p. m. Daily*
FREIGHT RECKIvED Uf TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all polnu on th«
VaUeyßaUro a d. STEAMERBI: ,
T "C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS. -
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co. _
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ** Montlcello"
'Mon.. "Tues., »v vi.. Thorn, ana tat ......
1 9:45 a. m:, 3:15 p. m. " (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ;..".. ...:... .1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays •.'.■...... .....;... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
'■ Landing and -Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone. 2241. ..
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Crui
'isteamer aiviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays ':
i excepted) at 10 a. m. ; • Alviso daily > (Saturdays
1 exeepted) at 5 p. ■m. Freight ! and : Passengers. :
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlbo, 60c:
j to San "Jose.' 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
I First street San Jose. ■:;-.
1112
SENATOR BUND
WAS EXTENDED
In Receipt of Weight
From Ostler Joe and
Hard Ridden to Win.
Mossbrae Overturned All the
Good Things in the
"Baby" Race.
Bellicoso in Great Form — Olive Gal
loped In a Winner at Long
Odds.
There was one good race at Oakland
yesterday, but the other five events decid
ed were of the trashy sort. When Senator
Bland came down here with the balance
of H. L. Frank's string of horses last fall
he was heralded as another Hindoo, capa
ble of giving Ostler Joe anywhere from
ten to thirty pounds on a beating. He may
have been able to do it in Montana, but
he la not equal to the task now. The
chestnut horse has either deteriorated, or
else Ostler Joe has vastly improved. The
two met in the mile and a furlong, the
Senator a 1 to 2 chance in the betting, be
ing in receipt of ten pounds from the
black horse. Spencer cut out the running
with the favorite, and traveled on velvet
to the bend for home, where Thorpe be
gan riding Ostler Joe for all that was in
him. He was unable to overhaul the Sen
ator, but* had him extended to the last
pound to win by a length in the fast time
of 1:54. "With equal weights up the black
horse would have won beyond peradven
ture of a doubt. Scarborough was played
to some extent at long odds to win the
race, but had to be content with the show.
Favorites more than got their share of
the pudding, four of the six events falling
to first choices. The air was cool and
seemed to have a depressing effect on
speculators, for the betting was badly
broken up.
Of the original twenty-two entries in
the opening seven furlong run ten were
scratched. Charley Thorpe had the mount
on Don .Luis, and the chestnut gelding
was played down from twos to 3 to 2
favoritism. He showed in front soon af
ter the start, and at the wire won easily
from Baracan, a 15 to 1 shot, ridden by
Spencer. Moringa was on hand, as usual,
at the end to taKe the show.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry, Bane
wor, opened an even money fay -He for
the "baby" event at four furlongs, but
the crowd preferred Formero. forcing his
odds down from 2 to 1 to 8 to 5, Banewor
receding to S to 5. Thorpe got the latter
away in front, and she led until the
paddock was reached, where ciawson got
up with the 8 to 1 chance, Mossbrae, and
won cleverly by a length in :49Vs. The
favorite was third, close.
The mile and a sixteenth selling event
attracted a field of rifteen to the post,
Conley's mount, Earl Cochran, closing a
slight favorite in the betting over Ver
agrua and Tulare. Passing the stand the
first time, Tulare was in next to last
position, but as the stretch was reached
Weaver had him in front. The Fresno
gelding looked" ail over a winner, but
when challenged by Earl Cochran could
not respond, and was beaten a length.
Spencer rode an ill-timed finish on Ver
agua, managing to fall into third place at
the wire.
J. Naglee Burkes big sprinter, Belli
coso, seems to have regained his old form.
He won a sprint on Saturday last in
handy fashion, and the six-furlong spin,
fifth on the card yesterday, fell to his lot.
He went to the post a 9 to 10 choice, and,
getting a flying start, won all the way.
In a drive, H. Brown got Refugee in
aJiead of Chihuahua for the place.
The last race decided, a six and a half
furlong affair, was capmred by the 10 to 1
shot, Olive, with ileDonald up. The mare
assumed the front position when straight
ened for the wire, finally finishing three
lengths ahead of Twinkle Twink, another
outsider. None of the well-backed ones
seemed to have a particle of speed.
TRACK NOTES.
Young O'Donnell is not seen much in
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
(CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track— llsth day of the
v> Winter Meeting, Monday, March 14, lfci9B, Weather cloudy. Track
fast.
7Q4 FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, J3OO.
403 Don Luis 103 2
723 Baracan 103 1
(723) Moringa 107 11
717 Bow and Arrow. l'; 7 3
710 Mordecal 106 5
727 Highland Ball 114! 8
727 Watomba 105 9
717 Town Topics 10Si 7
727 Magnus 11l 4
215 Charles Le Bel 104 6
71* St. Angelo :<> 10
727 Melvln Burnham...llo •
708 Elidad 107 1 •
1 4
4 h
10 1
8 1
6 1
5 X
9 3
3 h
.21
7 1
11
1 n
6%
10 10
5 1
4 %
7 h
9 1
3 %
2 fc:
8 1
11
1 2
6 Vi
9 1
4 b
5 2
8 hi
10
2 h
3 hi
7 hi
11
1 3
4 1
7%
2 h
6 V,
8 %
9 1
3 1
10
5 h
11
13
323 2 1%
3 h
4 1
6 2
6 1
7 h
8 3
9 4
10 6
11
i
i norpe
Spencer
R. Narvaez. . .
Gray
Conley
McNlchols ...
ij. Woods ....
H. Martin....
'Hennessy
H. Brown
2
4
6
10
8
4
10
3
30
10
to
80
3-2
U
IS
30
7
12
15
7-2
30
100
60
80
Jtuiz
McDonald ....
Bassinger
• Left.
Time, 1:30. Winner, E. F. Smith & Co.'s eh. g.
start. Won easily.
by Imp.
Midlothian- Alameda.
Fair
OK SECOND RACE— Four
724 Mossbrae 102 j 4
(478) Banewor 105 1
718 Formero 112, 2
(018) OlinthTis U0 3
fc42 La Juanita W £
71* Physalis 99 7
... Watossa , 102' 5
... Midla '.. 99! 8
3 h
1 4
4 4
2 1
5 4
8
6 1
7 2
2 3
1 h
4 3
3 1
5 1
7 2
5 4
8
1 1% Clawson
2 1 Thorpe
3 % !H. Brown
4 10 jShlelds
6 6 ;W. Miller
6 6 !Gray
7 4 Beaton
8 Narvaez
6
8
2
6
30
20
30
15
8
8-5
6-5
8
50
100
100
100
Time, :4bhk- Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s br. c. by imp. Watercress-Shasta.
etart. Won first three driving.
Good
36.
THIRD RAC
purse, $350.
miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
714 Earl Cochran, 6 113; 3 2 h 3 h
115 Tulare, 4 Ill) 5* 10 1 7 1
CSS, VeragTia, 5 113) 7 9 4 114
Cl 7 Outgo. 6..; ...113 5 6 1 5 1
10* Mlbs Ruth, a HI: 2 3hi 6 h
«S2 lletaire. %..... 113:10 4h 8 2
717 Lucky Star, 4 103; 6 8 1 12 1
783 William 08. 6 110 1 In . 12
617 Don Daniel. 5.. 112 8 11 13
«17 George Palmer, 4...1'J!»,1<> 7 4 10 h
«17 Pollock, 5 113 11 12 14..
725 etentor. 4....... 109 12 6 4 4 2
227 Terra Archer, 4 113 4 13 9 1
631) McFarlane, 6 112,13 14 2 1
s«i Allahabad. 6........113j14 15 15
2h 4 1
7h 8 1
10 1 6 4
64 9 4
3h 6 2
61 3 2
14 7 3
114 1 h
13 11
11 1 13
12 14
4h 2 4
9 h 10 his
8 4 12
15 15
3 1
1 1
6 1
6 4
4 1
7 2
8 1
2 4
11
12
13
9
30
14
15 f
1 1
2 1
3 2
4 4
6 1
6 3
7 4
8 6
9 2
10 4
11 1
12 3
13 2
14 4
15
i
;'
I;
\>
I
i
l
>-«nicy
Weaver
Spencer
Van Kuren...
| Jones
(McDonald ...
jStufilet
R. Narvaez...
JRuiz
;Kerrln
[Hennesay
|Keldy
3 13-5
3 13-5
3 6-5
10 8
8 20
20 20
8 12
7 15
30 150
15 40
12 30
15 30
so ' 50
15 50
30 100
j Mooney
|G. Wilson....
jQouin
Time, 1:SO. Winner, J. Cochran'a br. g. by imp. Slddartha-Jennie H. Good start. Won
flnrt three driving.
7Q7 FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth
CO i • $500.
and upward; purse.
b— — 1
VC Senator Bland, 5....107J 2 11 1H 12 13V4 13 11 Spencer 17-10 1-2
731 Ostler Joe. o 117 1 32 31 31% 21 24 28 Thorpe 2 13-5
7C/2 Scarborough, 4 103.3 4^ 42 42 44 32 33 Clawson .... 30 30
f7"K) Olorian, 8 96 5 5 6 6 5 6 4 8 iWoods 5 in
Vfl Mercutio, 4 103| 4 2 % 2 3 23 3 1 4 % S, iH. Brown 10 40
Time, 1:54. Winner, H. L. Frank's eh. h. by imp. Inverness- Wood Violet. Good Etart
Won first three driving.
(Spencer
[Thorpe
,Clawßon
| Woods
,H. Brown
'-10 1-2
2 13-5
30 30
5 10
10 40
OO FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selllngr;
purse, $400.
an> B*lllco»o. 8 Ho! 1 r ... '1 h 1 4 13 18 H. Martin.... 3-5 9-10
707 Refugee, 5 112 1 3 ... 8 2 610 4 4 2 3 H. Brown 4 18-5
(712) Chihuahua, 2 *8 5 ; .....i 4 4 2 1 2 2 3 1 Clawson ..... 4 3
274 Free Lady. 3 -.102 4 , ... 5 8 4h 14 4 4 Spencer ....... 8 15
733 B. Q. Ban, 6 115 2 ... 21, 3h 515 615 Gray .......... 10 40
9S» Masoero. 5 112 7 ... 6h 6h 6 3 6 2 G. Wilson.... 20 CO
118 Mandollna, 6 110 6 ... 7 7 7 7 W. Taylor.... 30 200
Time. 1:14%. Winner, J. Naglee Burke" b. h. by Peel-Imp. Janet M. Bad start]~~Won
easily. ■ ' . ■ • : ■ :.■ . •'■• .- ■ ■ ...-.■ .•■-.•
QQ SIXTH RACE— and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds
O<7» purse, »3£o. , «' v■ •
and upward;
720 Olive, a..............;
717 Twinkle Twlnk, 4..:
733 Mamie Scott, t..::..\
721 Ixme Princess, 4..V.:
(620) Meadow Lark. 6....:
540 . Cromwell, 6.... ]
720 Cobrillo, 8 1
(Ml) Alma. -4 ;....:
Tit Walter J, 5....; i
71-5 Pfiut Pry, 6. 1
729 Howard, n., ...... ...'
693 Don Fulano, a......:
10
1
9
3
5
2
6
11
I
4
12
9 h
2 M
6 h
1 1 •
10 h
3 h
5 h
s a
12
11 h
• 4 % :
7 %
4 1
8 h
. . 2 1
1 h
11 h
7 h
6 h
s % ■
10 h
gl2
■* -oh
9 h
12
•34
4 2
24
6 1
.81
6 hi
■•: 7 1
12.
11
9 1
. 10
1 3
2 3
3 2
, 4 h
.64
6 1
7 1
8 2
9 3
10 4
11 4
i -■■ 12
ituonaia ...
rouln
I' Connor
r an Kuren...
pencer
>ray ..........
Veaver ...... \
'.. Jones.;....
>. Wilson....
6
10
20
4
8
5
10
20
4
8
6
10
15
. 6
60
6
8
10
30
6
15
6
lay ton
Icnnessy
lonley .......;
1:22.
Winner. Bertolaccl & Co.'s b. m. by Apache- Virgle.
Good start.
Won
■ . - * • .-..,■ . ..■-.
.:;■ :V '- ;^ " ■ »
the saddle these days. He can do 103
pounds and is far superior to a number
of the vaqueros daily shooting away coin.
11. L. Frank had a good-sized bet down
on his horse Senator Bland.
There were three or four starters in the
mile and a furlong run whose riders did
not "like" them. Veragua by the looks
of h!s race was undoubtedly one of them.
Bertnlacci & Co. took about $2000 out of
the ring over the win of Olive. The mare
ran in something like her old form.
"Skeets" Martin rides Bellicoso to per
fection. He apparently joilies the old
horse into thinking he is running away.
Mossbrae, the half brother to Osric,
took his race in clever fashion, and from
this time on will bear watching.
Jimmy McLaughlin, who has his string
in training at the Bennings track, recent
ly lost the good colt Demagogue from
colic.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
ar.d upward; selling.
Claudius 111| 633 Roy Carruthers.los
...Olivia luCj CMj Jay Wheeler. .. .lUo
25S Justine KB 477 Captain Rees...lOS
Mistral II WS| 136 Zamlock 108
. . Figaro lllj 564 Mount Air los
614 Carter D 100' 6*5 Santa Clara 103
722 I-urward WS 721 Jack Atkins 108
512 Rafaela 103 ... Merry Boy MS
... Ida H 1061 447 El \ enado 104
722 Rebekah 103 721 Eureka 11l
600 Eakins 105' 656 Scorcher 10a
Second Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward.
712 Imperious 96! 523 Donation 107
713 Los Prletos 89! 734 Mordecal 92
725 Oddson 92 1 732 Lost Girl 101
716 Dr. Mlzner 81 727 Irrltator 89
72S Bonnie lone ... 871 704 Mount Roy 107
7SI Vinctor 110 1 599 Pescador 110
Third Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
724 Racivan 101 1 663 Ocorona 101
730 Gold Scratch ..106 ro Anchored |M
724 Loyalle 98 j 724 La Paras«euse.. 98
... St. Francis 109: at ji^sie. i> u u ...iui
... Rio Chico 106 724 Leo Vertner 98
724 Zaccatosa 101 711 Uhler 104
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; Free Handicap.
731 Flashlight 110] 701 Dr. Bernays ... 80
(671)Napamax 1031 610 Donator 80
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds.
(716)Balll3ter 112 727 Duke York 11.. 110
580 Socialist 107 712 Soscol 107
713 Linstock 107 j 325 Morana 105
728 Rosormonde 105| 710 Towanda 105
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
655 Distinction 97! 729 Ricanio 99
... Lou Lou R 97 729 Sutton 102
703 Koenigin 07 720 Lodestar 102
596 Emma D 100 725 Chappie 99
739 Don Fulano 108 729 Santa Paula ... 37
729 Tim Murphy ...102 723 Yemen 102
703 King William. .105 733 fan Mateo 108
733 Peixotto 10S 733 Miss Ross 103
729 Schnitz 105 709 Major Cook 102
733 Sea Spray 102 (720) Amelia F0na0. ..103
739 Howard 10.1 . 3SO Zarro 105
(729)Robalr 10.V 620 Spry Lark 100
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race — Figaro, Eakins, El Venado.
Second Race — Oddson, Vinctor, Los Prietoß.
Third Race — Leo Vertner, Gold Scratch, St.
Francis.
Fourth Race — Napamax, Dr. Bernays, Flash
light.
Fifth Race— Linstock, Rosormonde, Soscol.
Sixth Race— Robair, Major Cook, Howard.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. !
Charles H. Breslin to Agnes A. Breslin. lot
on NE line of Park avenue (Morris avenue),
300 SE Harrison, SE 37:6 by NE 80; also lot on
W line of Morris street (Park), 225 NW of
Bryant; also 160 NE of Sixth, NW 25 by SW
75; gift.
Charles H. Breslin to Agnes A. Breslin, lot
on W line of Twelfth avenue. 225 N of Califor
nia street, N 25 by W 120; gift.
Harold French to Abraham Ruef. lot on W
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 190:4 N of B
street, N 25 by \V ISO; *10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to Sebastian
Heuther. lot 11. block 43, Sunnyside; JlO.
W X Vandersltce to Sadie F. Fairfleld, lot
on W line of Dame street, 125 S of Thirtieth,
S 25 by W 125. block 27. Falrmount Homestead:
$10.
Orrin E. and Laura E. Allen to Mrs B.
Goodwin, lot on NW line of Railroad avenue.
50 SW of Thirty-sixth avenue, SW 25 by NW
123:10 lot 2, block 58, Paul Tract Homestead;
$10.
Q. Howard Thompson to George Greenz
weig. lot on N line of California street, 104:3
E of Fillmore, E 25:6 by N 132:7 1-3; also lots
3SS, 390, 392, 394 and 396, Gift Map No. 3, quit
claim deed, value cons.; $ .
Mary Leone to Frank C. or Frank le and
Charles Leone, undivided '- Interest 'n lot
on 8 line of Vallejo street, T!:Z% W of Powell.
"W 60:3M> by S 67:6, also right of way of land
on E side of said lot, B:s^ on Vallejo street
by 67:6; also undivided % of lot on N line of
Green street. 136:11 W or Dupont. W 19:7, N
93, E 19, S 35:6, E 0:7, S 57:6, also 1-3 Interest
in r:rht Ol way orer bind ■) feet wide In r--;ir
of said property reserving life Interest; $10 and
gift.
L. .T. Bothin (wife of H. E). to Henrietta
C. Knight, lot on SW line of Spear street,
153:4 NW of Folsom, NW 45:10 by SW 137:6,
quitclaim deed: $10.
John J., James P., Julia. Catherine, Ella
and William Kerrigan to John Lennon, un
divided % of lot on E corner of Sixth and
<lara. struts, also T- >t 16" <JW uf Hamsun
street. SE 26:3 by NE 72; lIROO.
John MaJlon (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff,) to
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
estate of Asa Fisk, lot on SE line of Howard
street, 145 SW of Eighth, Sff 55 by SE 85;
$4459.
William J. Gunn to George T. Conway, lot
on E line of Eighth avenue, 229:6 S of Clement
street, S 25 by E 120: $725.
I Sol, Dora, Dernhard and Rose Getz to Mary
Dempsey, lot on NE corner of Thirty-fifth
avenue and X street, N 100 by E 57 :C; $10.
James and Ann Kustiee to Mary E. Healey
fwife of Richard). Jots 1 to 4, block 5, Peo
ple's Homestead Tract A; gift.
Unknown owners (by James Gilleran, Su
perintendent of Streets,) to P. Callaghan, lot
1, block 78, Mlsslon-st. widening; $20.
Mary E. Mehan to August F. Pape, lot on
SE corner of Wayland and Harvard streets,
5 100 by E 120, block 105, University Home
j stead; $10.
Thomas J. Alverson to Mary G. McLellan
(wife of E. W.^ lot on SE line of Arlington
street, 313 SW of Roanoke. SW 25 by SE 110,
more or less XTC 2f.:3. more or less NW 114,
lot 38, Jones Addition to Fairmount; $10.
Alameda County.
Bridget ("VDomiell to Annette H. Hobson,
lot on W line of Magnolia street. 17C N of Thir
ty-second, X 25 by W 113:3. being lot 9, block
630, Adeline street lots, Oakland; $3<X).
Harry and Millie Stephens to Charles W.
Sexton, lot on E line of Webster street. £0 N
of Seventh, N 25 by E 75, block 79, Oakland;
Elmer and Clara L. Welsh to Cornelia Welsh,
lot on S lino of Hancock street, 3'o W of Tel
egraph avenue, W 37:6. S 90 IS E 37' S. N 99 31,
to beginning, being lot 12 and E half lot 11,
Drexler Tract. Oakland Annex; $10.
J. R. and Mary A. Williams to Frances Jack
son, lot on S line of Mattie avenue. 336.24 E of
San Pablo avenue, E 40. S 131.21, W 40, N 130.20.
to beginning, being lot 9. block E. Parsons
Golden Gate Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland
Annex; $10.
Henry P. and Emily A. Baldwin to S. A.
Hackett. lots 8 and 9, Bellevue Park. Piedmont,
Oakland Township; $10.
Lottie E. Bowen to James M. Haven, lot on
E line of Market street, 40 N of Thirtieth. N
80 by E 115, block 2033, Rowland Tract, 'Oak
land; $10.
Alice K. Snyder to same, lot on E line of
Market street. 70 N of Thirtieth. N 30 by E
115, block 2033. Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
James P. Hosmer to Margaret Hosmer, lots
3 and 4, block 80. Oakland ; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Tenth street,
95 W of Myrtle, W 30 by N 100, block 667, Oak
land; gift.
Patrick Hayes to Patrick Fee, lot on S line
of Milton street, 150 W of San Pablo avenue.
W 50 by S 100, being lot 10, Milton Tract, Oak
land; $10.
John H. and Emma J. Mlddleton to R. S.
Leokie, lot 14, Glen Echo Tract, Map 2, Oak
land Annex; $5.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
S. Lindner (owner) with R. J. Pavert (con
tractor); architect, C. M. Rousseau. All work
for a 2-story frame building, 2 Hilts, on N line
of Pine street, 106:3 \V of Buchanan. W 26:3 by
N 137 :G; $6200,
S. I>plmue (owner) with Knox & Cook (con
tractors): architects. lOnitzer & Earth. All
work except electric work, plumbing, gasfit
tlng and painting for a 2-story frame building
with attic on N"W corner of Central avenue
and Sacramento street, N 25 by W 98:9; $5220.
Solomon Xathan (owner) with Pettersnn &
Persson (contractors); architects, Copeland &i
Pelroe. Uncompleted works of a 3-story frame ■
building which is partly completed, to be a j
3-story frame tenement with cellar, on W line i
of Mission street. 234 N of Seventeenth, N 23:6 i
by W 100. M R 4'">; $3465.
Hartland and Herbert E. Law (owner?) with
R. Ringrose (contractor); architects, Coxhead
6 Coxhead. All work for a 2-story and base- j
ment brick warehouse on N side of Bonita
street, between Van Ness avenue and Polk '
street, in W A 47, first fWr laid; $2130.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Z E Buckner. S Ro>>a IJ Robertson. Los Ang
J H Buckley, WheatldlH H Small, Vallejo
O W Turner, wf, Tom IS O McAninch Selma
Mrs Griffin. Stockton S N Young, wf. Mo
U James, Calistoga E A Cross, wf. Mo
E J Pollock, Pa A W Hamburge.LAng
S Smith, Davisville R B HowMI, Los Ang
C H Ralston. Mo IH H Lamb. San Jose
P Shun. Vallejo J L Kar«!iar. Fresno
C J Mahan. S Jose F G Nathan, Los Ang
M F Sinclair; S Diego'
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C C Williams, Wash IT Cunningham. N V
Miss M Lesler. N V Miss M Cunningham,
Miss B Phillips. NY NY
J W Vorld, NY S M Hickinbotham.
J F Parks, Jackson N V
R Gordan. L Ang R C Wrenshall. Pa
J P Sfymore, Chicago Mrs RC Wrenphall, Pa
A E Thompson, Chgo Master Wrenshall. Pa
C A Carpenter. N V W Harper. Healdsburg
R L Bird. NY jj H Steen|>o<-k, N V
M P Gauer, Chicago I Mrs J H Steenbock. N V
T W Claus. Portland j Miss Sullivan, S Cruz
J Holland, N V | N S Bristel. Caspar
Miss G Lyons. N V i Mrs W S Bristel. Casp
Miss J Flndlay. NY !J Jarsby, Wilmington
Miss A Shannon, N V ! Mrs J Jarsby, Wilmgn
L J Henderson, N V W Simmons, Wilmgtn
C Clew. N V Mrs W Simmons, Wiln
C M Savage, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
W Nichols Jr. DutchF Mrs H W Moise. Colo
G C Turner & w. Stkn Mrs W G Wood, Colo
Mrs R Johnson S Jose J L Bailey & w. Chgo
C Nichols, Pescadero T Thompson, Wrights
J Larkin, Petaluma I Bird. Merced
A Todd, Oakland J Genenus, Jamestown
M Conger, Chgo G R James & w. Term
G Gill. New Yurk A C Rosendale. PacGr
P A Stanton. L Angls A G Campbell, Cal
Mrs Bowen, L Angeles C F Lumnis. L Angela
Mrs Chase. Los Angels J M Gleaves. Redding
O F Stern. Boston I M Spicker. Chgo
D Goldberg & f, Butte | W E Hyde, Salt Lake
H Kieho, Newman ;H Beck, Salt Lake
W Smith & f. Oakland ! J F Daly. Eureka
A H Bar. Cal Mrs D G Biddle. S Jse
D Shellson, Germantn H E Irish & w, S Cruz
G F Foriest, Germntn Mrs J P Reed, Laytnvl
E Jeconson. Colusa B N Smith, B C
G H Bentley&w, Chgo J F Clapp. Chicago
Mrs T Corlett, Chgo J A Sargent&w, Srgnt
W H Meyers&w, Mont W J Nelson. Boston
E C Cornwill. Cal E N Mover. N V
F D Peaae, Butte E M B Mann, Mass
W W Turner. NY a Cobb. Gilroy
W E McCory, Pasadna F C Perkins, Mass
T R Parker, Nnpa C E Smith. N V
W J Heggie, Sonoma A G Weed. Conn
W E Dargie. Oakland J F Carpenter, Mass
R W Hf-nry, Mcx Mrs F M Crane. Mass
W R Parker, Mcx If E Newton&w. Mass
C .1 Berry & w, Fresno i T J Conk. Mass
Miaa E Bulo, Fresno iL A Spitzer. San Jose
C L Dearling, Fresno U R Hebbron, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
G W F Johnson & w, Mrs R J Hugston N V
Dawson. W F Nolker, St Louis
D Schwab. N T j Miss L Nolker, St L
A Jacobs, Denver E Goldschirfldt & w
W A Holmes. Pa I St Louis
B N Greeley. N Mcx iJ B Plokes, S Cruz
J II Devereabx, Colona! B W Smith & w, Cal
Mrs It G Brown, BodielJ S Tobin & w, Cal
Mrs A C Brown, Bodiejß D Burnham. w c &
A F Jones, Oroville | m. 11l
V\V Anderson, Cal jJ \V Proeser, Pavenprt
P Newmark, L Ang Mrs A X Meldman NY
S McMurtrle, L Ang Miss Mtldman, N V
D S Richardson & w, IL Givernauil, N V
NY A J Tornthon. N V
E E MacLeod, Topeka Miss M KeUf-l^n N V
C H Wilcox & w. N V Miss A Kelleigh. N V
Miss Wilcox, N V O D Meyer. Cleveland
A C Rurrage, Boston Mrs O Ij Meyer, Cleve
A C Burrage Jr. Bostn F P Crotvell, Belmont
F H Burrage. Boston Count Belian de Molse
R Hurraee, Boston M 1). N V
Miss B Burrage, Bostn A X Clarke. N V
Mrs F H Haskell, Bstn C }l Stevens, Boston
MissS A Haskel!, Bstn C 3 Titus. Sacto
H L Steele. Boston H Epstein. Chicago
H Lindley, Klamath J P Favor, N V
J F Farraher, Yreka H A Smitli, Minn
G Mason. L Ang Mrs II A Smith. Minn
F S Morris, Portland Miss A Smith, Minn
J H Acklen. Nashville A J Heehtman, Sacto
J G Greener, Nanhville Mrs A J Heehtman,
D I' Lamoreaux, W'is Sacto
W Cortwrlght & f, Wts J Fennell, Tehama
W A Courtney. Cal R E Steele, Pescadero
E Delmar. London G E Goodwin, Napa
A Hohenthal. N V Mrs G E Goodwin, Cal
H II Forsyth, Chicago E W Van Slyke & w,
T B Rickey, Carson San Mateo
G Bullock. Cincinnati C A Jewett & w, S D
DW Robinson &w, Vt JH Abraham, N V
W C Russell. Buffalo I
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third Btreet3. open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
333 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission (street; open until 9 o'clock.
160 ii Polk street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ALVIXE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15V» Turk st. and 111S Market, rooms
15-16.
MISS la. STANLEY, manicure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
MIS 6 MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 53C Kearny St., room 9.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths. $1. 17A Sixth St., room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS. bird 3 and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, Pan Francisco.
MRS. SHELrON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 9C6 Market St.. room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5550.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vj Geary st., room 11.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up: whitened. $1 up"
2SOS Twenty-fourth St., or 230 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: *lec-
triclan; alcohol, Turkish baths: unrivaled.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ptates or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
r MEETING NOTICES. ■;;
j GOLDEN Gate Lodge No 30, F. and A. .- «
M.— Called meeting THIS (TL'EbUAY)
. EVENING, March 15, at 7:30 o'clock. }£jK
First Degree. .. ■ ■ ' >
: GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
; ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. A
: M.— Second ; Degree THIS (TUESDAY) _«V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. . .; ?Lj\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V>
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- IV -
ING. March 15, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated j£jf
meeting, P. M. and M E. M. Degrees. f^3r \
By order of the H P
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge, No. 5, K. of P., ~:
will confer the Knight rank (long v jkg,
form), WEDNESDAY, March 16, 'TV«fs.^
 IS9S, at Pythian Castle, 909 : Market »•• v
St., at 8:30 p.m. Members of sister lodges
1 cordially invited.
C. H. KNOWN BURG, C. C.
, O. NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
A. O. H. Division No. 2— The twenty- a^s**^
ninth grand annual ball of this di- \WKJf
vision will be given at B'nai B'rlth SB '{(
Hall. -119 Eddy St., on THURSDAY. C^W«
St. Patrick's night. March 17, 1598.*5~%£
Music by Hibernia Band. Admission tickets,
gentlemen 50c, ladies free. Caid mille fanuie.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelunine Hill. Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
in the Harville mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in » Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 28,
189S, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth day
of March. 1898, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, 1898. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 63 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, March 21, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15. IS9S. at 3 o'clock
p. m. , E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires situ-
ation or as nurse or housework; $10 to $20;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO Swedish girls, cook and second girl. Just
from New York, want situation together; can
furnish best of references and can be seen at
the office of C. R. HAN SEN & CO.. 108
Geary st. ■ ' .
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 12 years
old. wants situation as cook or housekeeper
on ranch; best of references. Apply to
MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay st.
SWEDISH housegirls; strong and willing; 2
years last place: city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; telephone Green 721.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
LADIES— For a first-class servant be sure to
call upon J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GOVERNESS, American, • capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teacher s cer-
tificate, references, wishes position. Address
Governess, box 2115, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. Call 129 Taylor St.. r. 2.
EASTERN woman wants situation as flrst-
class cook. 352 Mission st. j
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants house- |
work, city or country: moderate wages. Ad-
dress box 2124, Call office.
RELIABLE, capable woman i would like a
home in a small family of adults as com-
panion or assistant at light housework. Ad-
dress. with particulars, box 2126. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants a place as a work-
ing housekeeper: has a (laughter of 14 who
will assist or take care of children. Address
Mrs. J. C. 1110 Powell st.
RESPECTABLE young girl desires situation to
do up stairs work. Please call 3200. Mission st.
TWO girls wish situations to do light house-
work; country preferred. Call. 66 Clementina.
SPANISH woman wishes to do second work
or care for children: neat and willing; refer- j
ence. 794Va Harrison st., near Fourth.
GOOD cook or general housework; city or i
country; Protestant; reference. Box 2125. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
light housework: good cook and laundress;
neat. Call for two clays 1231 Market St.. r. 21.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as waitress in I
city. Please call or address N. F., 128% !
Fourth st., room 2.
COOK, first-class German and American cook- j
ing; city or country; wages $25 to $30. j
34S Third st.
WANTED by 2 respectable girls, one as cook
In restaurant or boarding-house and one as
second girl or waitress. Call 205 Leaven-
worth st. -■
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as 1
housekeeper; Is a good seamstress; will care
for invalid; no objection to children. 6 Thir-
teenth st., near Harrison.
2 SWEDISH girls wish situations together;
cook and second girl; both young and strong;
first-class references. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st. Telephone Green 721.
SITUATION wanted by widow as house-
keeper. 2524 Mission st.
WANTED— A position to do general house-
work by a competent person. Call 528 Fell
st. ; no cards. -
WOMAN wants work by the day: 75 cents and
car fare. Address box 2129, Call office.
GOOD woman wishes situation to do general
housework; city or country; plain cook and
laundress. 230 Minna St. [
SITUATION wanted by an experienced nurse
to care for young children; also first-class ;
chambermaid; reasonable. Call 259 Steven- j
son st. j
RESPECTABLE young girl with references i
wishes a situation as nurse girl In respect- |
able family. Please call 1529 ; 2 Mission st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage- |
ments; $1 50 per day; suits made in two j
days; good fitter. Address 36 Lexington aye. j
SCOTCH Protestant woman wishes situation
to do cooking and housework in private fam-
ily. Call 109 Leavenworth st.
RELIABLE girl for general housework and
plain cooking in American family. 812
Buchanan st. .
RESPECTABLE woman for cooking or house- j
work: city or short distance In country: good
references. Please call or address 20 Clipper
St., between Church and Dolores, 25th & 26th. !
SWEDISH girl, quite experienced, wishes sit- !
uation; good cook and housework; city ref- |
erences. 109 Grant aye., room 16, second
floor.
SWEDISH girl wants a position in an Amer-
ican family to do light housework. Address j
letters to E. E., 504 Third st.: no postals.
SITUATION wanted; young German girl; gen-
eral housework: wages $20. Address New At-
lantic Hotel, Pacific and Montgomery sts.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by a school
teacher who has tired or the duties; of - 10
years' experience. Address box 2150 Call.
AN experienced German cook and second girl |
desire positions in same family; American ;
_ preferred. Box 2165. Call office. I
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation at house- i
work; plain cooking. Apply at ISI6W Post st. j
RESPECTABLE young lady of refinement and ]
education wishes position as invalid's nurse;
excellent seamstress; woul 1 travel ifrequired:
can furnish highest reference. Address box
2164. Call office. , • j
RESPECTABLE lady would like position as |
housekeeper; c*'-. Box 2025, Call Office.
NEAT young woman, good cook, wishes to go
to Klondike. Box 2031, , Call office.
WOMAN wants situation to do general : house-
work; good plain cook; kind :■ to - children;
good . references. 26 Minna ; St., bet. First ;
and Second. . ; . :
SITUATION wanted by a young married wo- !
man with a child 8 months old; a place In a j
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Call or address MRS. M. JOHN- j
. SON, Newport Hotel, room 8, corner Frank- i
Un and Oak sts. . ■ :
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
■ keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard st., room 3. V . : ■ . • V
WANTED— By a first-class cook, a position In
private family or small boarding house. Call :
'or address 1024 Jackson st. • j
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladies' j
' tailor from Paris, London ■■ and : New York, J
with some good experience In cutting and
fitting, wants a situation -In a first-class
house. .Box 1600. Call office.- '-..■ ;- ;.■■.. -.:
WANTED— By - trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. . 110
Sixth st. •■.•■•• -.- -:'-.,■.-■-■■ : •-■■ ■ -.■ : . -■::"-_;:-:
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
/ or'do chamber work. 989 Howard at., ; cor. j
;, Sixth, room 14. '-':.- ;.: ' , - -".",'. -.-. i
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
EMPLOYERS of help can select their men at
C. R. HANSEX & CO.'S, 10S Geary St. If
you live in the country •we • can select them
1 for you. satisfactorily and quickly. Cut this
out for reference. - Telephone Grant 185."
I CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
j tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
' , JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office: house
• j cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
I JAPANESE Employment — Choice help;
tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel.Davls 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
| JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
, | Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
j ANTED— Position; 'salesman; 10 years' ex-
I perience on this coast, principally groceries,
I teas, coffees; also run general merchandise
business for eight years. Address Salesman,
418 Twelfth st., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman, fully conversant
I with English and German, wants employ-
ment either as salesman, correspondent or
general utility man; no objection to going
i out of town. Address box 2119, Call Office.
j EASTERN young man. age 30, wants position
I or trust; grocery clerk, butcher, delivery man
watchman or Janitor; references. Box 2122,
j Call Office.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
house. 709^ Buchanan st. ; best of references.
T NG man wltn &ood mechanical Ideas would
like a position as assistant in some machine
shop, good references. Address box 2109, Call.
COMPETENT young man of 24 wants position
£»•♦ # kind; experienced at clerical work;
I best of references. Box 2128, CalL Office.
Sl ™? L ,™ man « d slr . es Private family work as
w^Jl n: nrst-class driver; good house-
nf £a' vve ry. y b ? s of references; not afraid
of hard work. Address box 2132. Call office.
RE^i A » BLE^ boy> age 16 ' residing with his
parents. German, wants to learn a trade or
hoy 9,™ g : of» cy. ot references. Address
box 2108, Call office.
I SOBER industrious man, thoroughly under-
standing care horses, harness, carriages,
cows, fowls and garden, wants situation
references: wages $25. Ad. M. C, 763 Mission.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6. Call Office. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants situation; any work; un-
derstands horses, cows, garden; state the
reffrencei' A " MACDONALD 214 Third st.;
SWEDISH— A first-class coachman and gar-
I dener wishes a situation In a private family
can milk also; can give the best of refer-
j ences. Box 2154, Call office.
YOUNG married man wants situation as
waiter; city or country A. R. KING 959
Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, was foreman In Job
shop for 8 years, would like steady position
of any kind; wages no object. Address Car-
penter, 3651 Nineteenth St., city.
AS nurse or valet to gentleman; gives massage?
best of references. Valet, box 21C2. Call-office.
I HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 953& Howard st.
| MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
lng house; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer -y. ij£z\
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
TWO German or French cooks. $35 and $40; 3
second girls, $25 and $20; 15 housework girls
city and country. $20 and $25; 6 young girls
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN and child, Jl5. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
AN Irish girl to assist in housework, $13
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
■ NEAT girl or woman for housework; sleep
h..nie; $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I GERMAN girl In bakery. $15. MIsITcULLEnT
| 325 Sutter st.
i COOK, $30, boarding-house; plain laundress,
$25; second girl, Berkeley, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German girl, assist housework, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl, $25; Irish Catholic nurse.
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
i REFINED German second girl, country, $15;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I THREE waitresses. Redondo Beach. $20^ 2
waitresses, country hotel, $20; 3 waitresses,
Southern California, $20; 2 waitresses, Wil-
lows, Jl7 50, fare paid; waitress, Marysville.
$20, fare paid; waitress, city, $20 and room; 2
restaurant waitresses, $6 week; 3 restaurant
waitresses, $5 week; pantry girl, $15 month,
c. i; hansen & CO., 108 Geary st
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting: Southern
California; fare paid; $:iO; call early. C. K.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
IRONER; small place; $25 and found. C. rT
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary Bt.
TWO German cooks, $25 and $20; 6 house girls,
$20; 10 young girls. $10 to $15; 2 girls for So-
noma, see party here, $10 each. C. R. HAN-
SI-: N .t CO.. ios Geary st.
TWO restaurant waitresses. $6 a week. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
TWO second girls. $20 and $25: German chanv
bermaid and nurse, $25: 2 laundresses and
chambermaids, private families, $25 and $30;
nurse, grown children, $20; French chamber-
maid, $20; 4 cooks In German and American
families. $25; cook, small boarding-house, $25;
ironer in laundry, $25; laundress, assist wait-
ing, small hotel, $20; 5 waitresses hotels, $20;
and girln of all nationalities for cooking and
housework in city and country'- J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
PROTESTANT cook, institution. $30~i laund-
ress, country hotel, $20: waitress, $22 50, and
other places, at MURRAY & READY'S,
]< ndinp employment agents. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, $30, American family; German second
Kin. ?l->: <;--i 'iiip housetfri, $2;>; Irish house-
girt. $25; middle-aged woman, country, $20 -
girl, light work, $12. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted' to fill vari-
ous positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
FREE service; working girls do not pay any
fees or other charges to obtain good homes
through the Clerks' Exchange, 1023 Market.
SALESLADIES. bookkeepers. clerks, type-
writers secure splendid places, small cost
1023 Market Bt.
COOKS, chambermaids, waitresses, pantry
girls, storeroom girls, all secure places at
1C23 Market St.
NEAT young Gtrman or Scandinavian girl
for general housework; small family; wages
$20. 2111 Central aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker who understands
skirt fitting. Address Skirt, box 2105. Call.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 13 Scott st.
GIRL or elderly lady to do light housework;
small compensation. 1203 Folsom st.
GIRLS from 12 to 15 to help on skirts; pay
while learning. 868 Mission St., room 7.
TAILORESS. ROOS BROS.. 27 to 37 Kearny
street.
WANTED— Good wash woman; private family.
2325 Howard st. ; call early.
GIRL for housework; small family; good home.
715 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
German or Scandinavian preferred; call after
9 a. m. 2120 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young woman to do housework
and plain cooking; wages $10. Apply 2004
Pine st.
WANTED— Pantaloon finishers. 734 Montgom-
ery, room 1.
yOUNQ girl for light housework; wages $10.
1,12s Sacramento st.
WANTED— Apprentice girl on custom coats.
1041 Howard st.
WANTED — Good talloress on vests; steady
work: at 41054 Natoma st.
GIRL for downstairs; must be good cook. 1130
O'Farrell St.
PERSON over 18 years, assist with children;
sleep home; wages $10: ref. 2424 Bush st.
GIRL to wait in small restaurant. Apply
1631 Market st.
C'IKL for general housework; plain cooking;
)20. 526 Capp st.
WANTED— A respectable girl for housework
and plain cooking; wages $10 to *12; sleep
home. Apply at French bakery, 402 Pacific.
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts steady
work. 521 Valencia st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. MADAM
FLAMAND, 823 Sutter St.
WANTED— I 2 lady canvassers at 1430 Folsom
st.; an up-to-date article; salary or commis-
sion. Call at 9 a. m. Monday.
EXPERIENCED glovemakers: making through^
out. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
YOUNG girls will be taught to make shirts.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
GOOD help, also apprentices, en high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladies-
Tailor, 1105 Leavenworth st., near California.
HELP WAXI ZD-Contlnned.
OPERATORS on shirts: steady work: good
pay. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 Battery.
COAT finishers on custom coats; steady work.
106 Cattery st. "
WANTKD— Experienced shirt operators. Ap-
ply EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market s^
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
GIRL for housework, $10 a month. 2306 Sutter.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levi Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32V4 Fremont st.
LADIES — Sunny rooms; respectable house;
from 25c night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventhjat
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15_Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
MALE HELP WANTEIX^
WANTED— I. Murchie, please call; fore-
man farmer and wife. $4o to *ou.
American buttermaker, no milking. »w
to $35; milker. $20; good turner and machine
man. $3 per day; nurseryman on charts ,
choreman and others. Apply to J. F. CKOb-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— FlvUlmber fellers. $45; 4 choppers
$40; 4 barkers. $30: 10 laborers for mill and
woods, $20; woodchoppers, $125 cord, tie
makers, oc. 9c and 10c; ship carpenters ; boat
builders. $3 50 day, and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 2 restaurant cooks, $14 and $S per
week; first and second hotel cooks, $105. night
cook, country. $30; waiters, city and country
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSkTI Sc
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
GUS GROTZHEN, the cook, please call or
write to C. R. HANSEN & gO^Jjg Geary^
NIGHT watchman for a country hotel, $35:
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st. __— —
7~EXTRA~waiters. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
6~ RESTAURANT waiters for Los Angeles,
see party here at 10 a. m., $11 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
CHIEF cook for a country Institution, $75, no
baking; fry cook, restaurant in I»s Ange-
les, $16 a week, see party here; saloon luncn
cook who can carve. $10 a week: assistant
storeroom man, country hotel, $25 and free
fare; young man to clean up and help In
baker shop, country hotel, $20 and free fare;
ellverman, hotel, south. $20 and fare ad-
vanced; chophoue cook for Vancouver, $12 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
3 WAITERS for a country hotel, American
plan, $35 and free fare; 5 waiters for a
country hotel, European plan, $35 and free
fare: waiter, $25, north; waiter, $25 and fare
advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
MARKER and distributor, $30 and found;
polisher and starcher. $30 and found; dry-
house man, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st. .
FARMER and wife. $30; circular sawyer,
north. $60 and found; 3 choreboys for
ranches, $15 and $10: 4« tiemakera ?,nd wood-
choppers, 6 and 10c a tie, and $1 25 and $1 70
a cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
EMPLOYERS
Remember, if you want the best help, MUR-
RAY & READY will supply you with it free
of charge. MURRAY & READY, leading
employment agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.; tele-
phone Main SS4S
COME - COME
and secure a position; 3 head choppers,
$45 and found ; 3 second choppers. $40 and
found; 6 bark peelers. $30 and found, for a
great sawmill; 197 tiemakers for different
places, Be, 9c, 10c $ach; 145 woodchoppers, I
$1 25, $1, 70c cord; 56" shingle and shake bolt j
makers; farmer and wife, south: 8 milkers,
different places, $25, $20 and $1S per month
and found; 3 butter' makers; man to tend
shop: 5 laborers to dig ditches on a ranch: j
3 choremen; boys for ranches; blacksmith's !
helper and wife for a ranch; gardener for a
nursery; 2 coal miners. $2 a day; stableman,
city. MURRAY & READY, leading em-
ployment agents, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
COOKS WAITERS
4 cooks, diffeient places. $40, $35. $30 and $25;
4 waiters, $25, $30 and $20; 3 dishwashers, $15;
porter for a hotel; baker, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, leading employment
agents, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class second cook. $80; broiler,
$55; second cook, hotel, H. 1., $50, fare ad-
vanced; cook, private family, $30; chef for
hotel. $75; oyster cook, night, $40; 3 waiters,
$30 and $35; pantry boy, $15 to $20: pot washer.
$20; etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for first-class ranch,
steady place. $40 and board; 2 bridge carpen-
ters for railroad, free fare. $2 75 per day;
choppers and second choppers for logging
camp, $45 and $40 and board; 4 Swiss or j
Portuguese farmers. $20; also milkers, farm- ',
ers, dishwasher small country hotel, $15 and
found, and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay St.
EVERY member of the Clerks' Exchange en-
ters into a contract to assist the exchange in
all honorable ways to assist themselves; the
largest week's business on record just closed; i
substantial evidence of its popularity and j
indorsement by intelligent people, free ami !
Independent to act for themselves; call and |
Investigate; orders now open. 313 Bush st.
THE Clerks' Exehanee _oca not sell positions:
the management will not promise or guar-
ant^- situations; the business is operated
ftrlctly upon a subscription basis: investi-
gate. 313 Biish st.; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
one membership fee covers all.
LIQUOR salesman, city trade: dress goods
salesman. South. 313 Bush st.
DRY goods clerk?: dress goods clerks; general
storeclerks. 313 Bush st.
BARBERS— Great bargain; 2-chair shop. 3 tub?:
near car house; old place; cigars and laundry
pay rent alone; no reasonable offer refused;
owner leaves the State. Apply at Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, small wages and found.
701 Willow aye., near Buchanan. Call early.
BUSBELMAN wanted. R., 1001, Palace Hotel.
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 Geary St., room 2.
WANTED— A first-class coat maker on cus-
tom coats. 411'.^ Kearny st. .
BOY wanted; dentist's office, 2S Geary St., 8
a. m.
GERMAN boy to help in saloon. 218 East st.
WANTED— Boy who speaks German for drug-
store. Address box 2130. Call office.
THREE shoemakers on repairs; call ready for
Work. CC2 Mission St.
RELIABLE German boy for plumbing shop;
best reference. 444 Valencia st.
DISHWASHER: must be handy around range-
ss a week. 2"3 Sixth st.
MAX about place for country; good home.
715 Taylor st. ; call early.
WANTED— WaIter for restaurant. Apply 113
Turk st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at once. 614 Second
street.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBER shop fcr sale cheap- must be sold
before 10 a m. G4S Valencia st.
BARBER shop; established 10 years; great
bargain; owner leaving for Europe. Apply
SSI Geary st.
BARBERS— Good shop In country at a bargain
DECKELMAN BROS., 10fi Ellis st.
WANTED — Men and women; work home; I pay
$8 to llfi a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED — Harness-makers, stenographers and
laundress. Apply at once Free Employment
Office, 102S Market St., room 24.
ENTRY clerk for wholesale clothing house;
etate age, experience, references. Write box
2107. Call office.
SIX young men; long Job; no experience nec-
essary: no money required. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— A good, steady barber. 797 Mission
street.
WANTED— French polisher. Address, with
references. C. R., box 2114. Call Office.
WANTED— First-class ladies" tailor: no others
need apply. VERDIER, 044 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted; steady work. lO€
Battery st.
MAN able to speak German or French In wine- I
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
Mil goods Indoors; only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. £17 .hird Lt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 76-J»4 Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 ar.d 30 years, who are citizens of the
united States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write Kngllsh. ar.d be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
Fcr further information apply at the re-
cruitlng office, 20 Ellis st..San Francisco* Cal.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works, 105 Fremont st.
HELP WASTED-ConHnned.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Offlce. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. Secy., 102 7th: tel. South C2B.
MEN^ to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13S^ Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near
Market • 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free "bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
j ROSEDALE HouTeT^l Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hotjind cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET 863^ (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 50c per night: $1 to t'i week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 9.vTMarket St.. below Sixth.
fir a room: 25c a night; SI a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS^ for "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Wlllard"; published under the
auspices and indorsed by the W. C. T. L . ;
the only official book; prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard's secretary;
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorized dis-
tributors. 334 Dearborn st., Chicago. 111.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Halstead'B
great Cuba book: all about Cuba, Spain and
war: great excitement; every one buys It; 1
agent sold 87 In 1 day: another made $13 in
1 hour; 600 pages; magnificent Illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price; we guarantee
the most liberal terms; freight paid; 20 days"
credit; outfit free; send 6 2-i-ent stamps to pay
postage. THE BIBLE HOUSE. 324 Dearborn
St.. Chicago.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery nt. : h<gb»i-t pHces paid. Tel. DaTli 71.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
AAA— Modern 8 or 10-room residence, near town
as possible; will furnish bonds if necessary;
2 In family: 1 year's lease. 313 I'.ush st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— private family. Western Addi.
tlon, board and room for man and wife and
. child; write terms. Box 2118, Call Office.
WANTED— Home for girl 14 years old; na
other children. Box 2120. Call Office.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos. elec-
trical goods; new, . 2nd-hand. Smith Co., 621
Mission st.
WANTED— A good second-hand gasolin*
launch. Lock box 329. Red Bluff, Cal. s-; ;
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city. ■
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
i PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale at.
ASK to see the $28 solitaire diamond ring;
ask to see the $30 solitaire diamond ring at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 236
Dore st.
6-HORSEPOWER gasoline engine In good re-
pair, ready for use. Box . 2117, Call Office.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy and
plain suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sansome St..
upstairs.
FOR SALE— First-class Cyclone power mill (4-
horsepower) ; in operation at 2237 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND windmill for sale cheap. In-
quire at 721 Folsom St. H. BULLWINKEL.
• FOR Bargain; fine upright Conrad piano;
cost $500; going East. 14118 Folsom Bt.
I GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. '.".-'.
FOR sale — Second-hand Brunswick-Balke-Col-
lender billiard table. In first-class condition.
Apply 1368 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS large windmill; 2 large new
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
ONE large fireproof safe, one burglar-proof
safe for, sale cheap. Address box 2047, Call.
COMPLETE set of tinning- tools for sale cheap. -
Mission st. .....-- ._ ... ;. . ._ ...
PICTURE framing, complete,' - with glass 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x
16, 20c; 14x17, 25c: 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24,
45c; curtain poles, complete. 15c; room mold-
ing, all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings. JONES, 547 Mission st.
LAUNDRY engines, dynamos, electrical goods;
new & 2d-hand. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
LATBST style hood top baby buggy, cheap; (t
wltlf extra seat. Box 1444, Call offlce. |*
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture" and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1021
Mission st., above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 757.
WHISKY. Kentucky. '97: bonded warehouse,
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per dozTT
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sale Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. *
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction . a
- positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1693.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; . ' -
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; open evenincs and
Sundays. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new;. teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. »-
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
813 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE end F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms.- 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ;'
SET of teeth without a , plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. I
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 - Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthard, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
, surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 .teachers; 1100
graduates placed sinfce 1592: catalogue. ;
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market ■ St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing, •
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;. life ■ scholar-
ship, $50: low rates j>er week and month.
ENGINEERING Softool; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey,' assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid ' calculations: a-
course In Tarr'? counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG," voice culture: 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st. . ■ '
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in '97. ...
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth. .
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: »<■»' classes: 32 m... 109 Tavlor st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE ,of 8 rooms for sale; 4 rooms jZT |
rented. ,I?ox 2127, Call Office. W J
/ SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest ■ rates. J 205 Fourth st. -:-
| PHYSICIANS. ";.'.:';.
DR. !C- C. - O'DONNELL, office ■ and r residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.BITbIXESi CHAJSCES.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT; nicest little place in
city; $15 to $25 daily. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary <st.
A— 1600; FRENCH restaurant ; well worth $1000;
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO
& CO., 22 1 * Geary st.
I; HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO., 22V»
Geary st.
A— s4su. SALOON, near city; clears $150.
:: and lunch. n>-ar : heaters; snap.
jg^o_Sa!.K.n best corner north of Market.
.■ J. KRE3 ■< > Sc ■ . Qi ary st.
A— s2oo.'; FLORIST and nursery; best equipped,
most popular in city. KlllilX) & CO.. 22V;
Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very
best suburban town across the bay; located
on corner of two of the most prominent
streets; practically without opposition in its
neighborhood; positively clearing: $200 to $250
per month; owner there for over seven years
and offers his business at a «reat sacrifice on
account of departure north, no reasonable
offer refused. M. LESS, 7Co Market st.
$5fO — BAKERY and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooma; furniture included; owner
owns the building; cheap rent. M. LESS.
766 Market St.
f7W— RESTAURANT In largest manufacturing
district of this city; receipts $55 per day:
proof furnished and trial given if you m»-aii
business, rent only $30. M. LESS, 766 Market
$500— PARTNER wanted !n a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business; h^st of references furnished:
thorough investigation allowed: must be a
M LESS. 7.:, Market st.
; old established saloon with la fur-
nished roon doing :i first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sis.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange tor property. Inquire WILKE. 753
Market st
A $500 GROCERY and provision store in
choicest location in Oakland; established
many years and doing good business; 4 liv-
ing-rooms, r-nt in. Inquire WILKE. 7b3
Market st.
$1500 — Old-established and first-class paying sa-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Sutter sts.: actual value $2c.>iw; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE.
7-3 Market st.
F'ARTNER wanted in old-established
restaurant; doing a rushing business day
and night; overwork compels -owner to take
a pood, reliable man as helper. Particulars
Wfl 'arket st.
A U80; <H.,D established restaurant. 1 block
cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
investigate soon. WILKE, 753 Market.
lIEALY & CO., Sl7 Market St., buy. sell or ex-
change business quirk, partners procured.
BRANCH bakery, deli atessen store: re-
ceipts $10 day; 3 rooms. HEALY. 'Jl7 Market
! UANt'H bakery, i ihb; pays well;
cheap rent. HLALV vV CO.. '.'l7 Market Bt.
| RAXCH I st ire. 2
jooras; rent $I.. HEALY & Co., M 7 Market.
Jl">0 — PARTNER wanted in cash but
clea:- :. HEALY. 917 Market st
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel H^>
Fruit store; best In the city boo
Stationery store in Hayes Valley 600
Restaurant, best In city MM
in; line corner, down tow^i 2000
_Apply to H. C. DECKER. MHO Market st.
SALOON, 6 rooms; near Call building: worth
$2000; only $S5O. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$Soo— Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
— Very nice cigar store; good location.
Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— One of the
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market St.; right in center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price $350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123,
Call office.
$70— ON account of sickness; this nice busi-
ness, embracing milk, eggs, butter, bread,
candy and notions is offered for sale; 2 pleas-
ant living rooms in rear of store nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping. If you want a bar-
gain call at 1145 Folsom sU'-
CARPENTER shop on Mission st.; a job at
once: Bat, 3 rooms, with shop; rent $7 50; will
take $75; much stock on hand: sickness cause
of selling. Box 2121. Call ofnce.
PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week; no experience required; trial given.
7.4 1 Market St., room 17. .
GOOD bakery with outside route: good loca-
tion: parties going 1., country. Box 16, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
GOOD business for sale; bakery, . with large.
paying route; present owner going East.
13u*. Market st., Oakland. <
FOR. sale — Good-paying saloon, stock and fix-
tures; Siiving-rooms; cheap; and other bust-
ness. Cfe.ll at 236 Third st.
FOR Sale — Restaurant and chop house; best
location; opposite the ferries. Call at IS
East st.
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years;
good trade; 6 rooms; rent $15. 1913 Howard.
BARGAIN, in cigar stand; room for lounging
v* office; first-class place for a lady. 33 Third.
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms. Ap-
ply northeast cor. Fifth and Clara fits. 7
TO let — Clubrooms furnished; good location for
pool selling. 33 Third st. .
Stationery, toy and notion store; 4 nice
i'.ving rooms. 504 Third st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!'.!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
763 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
partitions included which cost over $2000:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
1537 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for Bale
on accoouhfof failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
TO capitalists— Several working miners hav-
ing consolidated 250 acres free and cement
earing gravels, also large deposMuSoath
African conglomerate and tailings, wrll sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad; 35 miles from Stockton.
Address box 143, Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County. Cal.
FOR SALE — The busine«s of the yite John
Gross; the oldest established candy factory
end Ice cream parlors in San Joaquin Coun-
ty Address 25 North Eldorado st., Stockton.
■ ; a:.
RESTAURANT or furniture; a good French
range and good furniture; very cheap: must
cell on account of sickness; rent $7. 704
Bryant st.
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock: situated on Boul-
«51n Inland, San* Joaquin County. For further
information inquire of H. VOORMAN, 606
Battery St., San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bculdin Island. <
OLD-ESTAELISHED news and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101 Vi Fifth.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane. 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore, Md.
ONE-TENTH Interest in advertising busi-
ness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year in S. F.; Investor can handle his own
money. Apply 'AHILL. 107 Sixth St.
KLONDIKE — Experienced miner who has
backer for $500 wants another for same
amount; best city references. Box 2C2S, Call.
CORNER saloon among wholesale houses;
large stock; rent cheap; paying trade; good
place man & wife. N\V. cor. Pacific & Battery
WANTED — To purchase inch bakery, candy
or notion store; muit r»- bargain. Address
MRS. A VERY, 330 G-u!. date aye.
$45— BAKERY and not 2532 Folsom st. ;
worth $100; 4 rooms i;: : rent $12; must
sell. .
WANTED— for v.:;.-. cellar. 431 Bush
street.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery. y ■ ■
$225 BUYS city wag-in ' route clearing $6u
monthly or no gale; trial given 403 lieary.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch of rice, X3i Hayes st.
FINE branch bakery, stationery and notions;
E elegant rooms. 2552 Folscm It, ■ ■
RESTAURANT for sale. 1?A Second st.
$400— CIGAR store, with 4 ioi'ks In rear. 1513
Market st. '..■"..
FIRST-CLASS 1-chair barber shop; 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building Insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal. .
HALF interest in well-ei-tablHhed butcher
business: centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness. Address box 4, Call of flee. Oakland.
SALOON— Good bargain: good stand; no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Branr.in sts. W.
H. PAYNE. ''_■ -.- ■•■
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.', rent
$20; 2 fine bailments, off Market nt, suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grunt.
$360— A paying restaurant on Market si.; steady
boarders; oak furniture; rent $30. Address
box C. 47. Call office. .... : - ■■ ;
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife.-, 117 Fiiimore it.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in.th* city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH ft OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents: established 18C2. 319 Pine St.. c:ty.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamond*. -Jewtlry;
low interest. UNCLE HAitß_. IS Grant »v.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned^
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at (fell office.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
ALASKA IN Ti: UPRISES.
THE swift and newly-fitted nailer Helen W.
Almy will now lpave for Copper River and
Cook's Inlet about March 15; low rates for
passage and freight. Apply at once, MOHNS
6 KALTENBACH. 29 Market st.
KLONDIKE provision*, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SRARUORO .t CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
WHAT you must haye — The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., tt'.i First st.
MINER wants $750 grub stake; give real estate
security and share in claim. Box 2032,_ Call.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 51C Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 123S Fillmore St.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fax
.terrors. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels anci
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Butter.
A WEEK'S news for 6 rents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
LOI)GI.\U HOISES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO. Successful Brokers. 22^4 Geary.
SO rooms; clears $150; good transient $1200
4S rooms; finest house; best locality; new 3000
48 rooms; Geary; good invstmt; bonanza. 2000
20 rooms; Market St.; clears 575; snap 450
21 rooms; best in city; clears $S5 SOO
10 rooms; Market St.. near Sixth; offices. 700
1?. rooms; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third St.; rent $27 50 200
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $fioo.. 32"
11 rooms; Ninth st.: clears $50 month 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny 32S
7 rooms; O'Farrell st; clears $35 225
7 rooms; rent $25; clears $:!.". 400
$1600 — 20' ROOMS: fine sunny corner; worth
$2500; clears $160; low* rent. KREDO & CO.
$675—12 ROOMS; nice little boarding-house:
clears $100 month. KREDO & CO, 2-- 2 Geary.
$400—7 ROOMS: lovely home; free rent and $25
profit. KREDO & CO., t2H Geary st.
$3000— 4S ROOMS: best in city; new house; new
furniture. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary St.
7-ROOMS, new; payments; on Taylor St.. s 400
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
25 rooms; new and good 1400
6 "rooms and bath ". 325
19 rooms; partly furnished b5O
36 rooms, on Mission 1000
IS rooms on Golden Gate: fine 1100
7 rooms, near Baldwin: bargain 250
"2 rooms, on Market; clears $250 800
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 room«:. central; 2 fronts; worth $1200... 500
Hotel in mining town: good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture at 2i 2 per cent. —
Insurance at cut rates. — •
Special Bargains
15 rooms, Sutter St.. clears $50 $450
16 rooms, elegant furniture, only 450
23 rooms, central, paying house 450
24 rooms, rent $75 (new), payments 1500
25 rooms, central (new), payments......... 800
_ . WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
MUSICAL. IXSTHUIUEXTS.
WHAT'S THAT? ■ YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made In 189$, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a piano to sell that"l will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Klngsbury. ,
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3, $4. $5, 6, $7. $8, $».
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice.- "SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and. Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos —
RonlßCh .:. $123
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co - 200
Cameron ■ 250
Byron Mauzy 1 300
BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 20S-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell . St. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano : $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano SO
Twenty others nt all prices.
BEN.T. CURTAZ ft SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
AN elegant Hardman and Chafe Bros, piano:
both- in perfect ' order; offered this morning
at great bargains. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor Flood building.
IF you want a bargain in a piano call at
Mauvais". 769 Market st. ; agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos. ■ ■
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. SOS, 310. 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
UPRIGHT piano for sale: good condition;
cheap for cash. 915 Post st.
HOKNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St.. next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
_____
horses!
1 TWO fast pacers, 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. Call at Santa Clara
Stables, 104 Golden Gate aye. ■
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. STTT-LTVAN *■ DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— Ladies' phaeton. Address box 2116,
Call office. -
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and opeD
buggy: also 1 hack. 523 Harrison st.
OARPE'a CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDINU'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. BS3-57 ■ Tehama st. ; tc-1. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
"alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c.
STHATTON. I Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. ■
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J; E. MITCHELL Carpet-l ining Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'B Carpet- Ing Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
' LOST.
LOST— St. Bernard-shepherd dog, . yellow, with
white streak under neck; answers name Par-
r.ell. Return to 636 Page st. ; receive reward.
DIAMOND locket. Masonic emblem. Return to
a. J. BARNETT, . Mills building, and receive
reward.
LOST— Large solitaire diamond' ring, either at
Elntracht ball or In Bay State Restaurant on
Stockton st. Liberal reward If returned to
the "Edinburgh, corner Stockton and Powell.
LOST— Saturday, feather boa; reward. Ad-
dress 520 Capp st. .
STORAGE. ~;
AT - low rates— Furniture, / carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, .1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings. ,
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. ■■- •■; F. W.
ZEBTVSa, 114 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
THE SA^T FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
lIOTSES TO LET.
PAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and. basement.
212 Perry st: rent $12 50: water free. Apply-
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery-
A NO. 1 house. 1719 Post St.; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasnnton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437. Call office.
McALLIBTER, SlS— Sunny . house, S rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence; 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements; $35.
STEVENSON. 253, bet. Third and Fourth-
House of 8 or 12 rooms; reasonable.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement. $11; Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT, 14 Post st.
FURMSHKI) HOUSES.
A. A. A.— Furnished flat, new, including fur-
niture; modern Improvements; sunny, desira-
ble location, 7 rooms and bath. Inquire at
313 Lush st.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege, renting premises. Box 1145. Call office.
MISSION, 2726, sunny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; bath: gardens; $25.
NICELY furnished house, 6 rooms, bath, all
modern improvements; rent reasonable to
good tenant; Golden Gate, Berkeley. In-
quir- 714 Steiner si.
10 R.. PACIFIC Heights; modern; furnished or
not: long or short time. 271fi Scott.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHATTANOOGA. 27— Nice sunny cottage five
rooms and a bath.
NICE cottage. 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire S4l Bryant at.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 15th st. nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
GEARY. 1522— Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms
FLATS TO LET.
A— slo; 4-ROOM flat: 10 days free.
A— sl2; 5-room new cottage; 2'J days free.
A— slS; 5-room cottage, Geary and Van Ness
aye. 10 new flats cheap. At SPECK & CO.'S.
602 Market St.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Flat of 3 nice
rooms; rent $7.
CHEAP rent— Flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $G and $7;
very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
quire 941 Bryant st.
DOLORES st.. 10S7A— Nicely furnished six-
room flat to rent; reasonable.
DOWNTOWN flats; 4 rooms each: cheap rent:
$10 and $12; 608 and .'lO Natoma st. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. "
GROVE, 141— Near City Hall, lower and top
fiat, 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
k>w interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NINETEENTH, 42-2, near Castro— sl2 50; beau-
tiful upper flat, 4 roome, bath and wash
room; yard, etc.
RITCH, SB, near Third and Folsom— Bay-win-
dow Bat f.f 3 rooms.
SUNNY correr flat, 5 rooms, $17: inside flat
with bath. $1C : newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; rent $14. 220
Laussell aye., bet. Fillmore and Btelner.
VALLEJO, 1516, near Van Ness ave.— sls; re-
duced from $30: fine upper flat, 7 rooms and
bath; all modern conveniences; sunny and
large yard. . . ■■. .
$35— LOVELY sunny, modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
$10; FLAT of 4. sunny rooms; gas, bath. Corner
Twenty-fourth and . Vicksburg sts.. Twenty-
second-street cars pass the door.
$13— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$17— FLAT, 6 rooms, bath : modern. 1448 Va- .
lencia st., near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free: sunny - lower 4-room- flat:
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
$20— CHEAPEST flat in. -city; 8 rooms,' bath.
530H Valencia St.. near Seventeenth.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRANNAN, 725, "above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom,- furnished, $7. ■
CASTRO, 405. rear— 3 or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nished rooms; large yard; stable; cheap.
DIAMOND, 516 — 3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: bay window; bath;
price $9; Castro or Twenty-fourth-st. cars.
EDDY, — 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range: fine location; private residence.
ELLIS. 330 — Nice large room for light house-
keeping, $10 month; running water; stove;
closet. ' " ■ __^
FIFTH, 303—1 or 2 sunny bay-window bed-
rooms; connecting kitchen ;complete; Ist floor.
FIFTH, 325 3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room. $5.
.FIFTH, 428% — sunny rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
GEARY, 429 — Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children. :
GOLDEN GATE, 622 — 3 sunny rooms, first floor,
furnished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 831 — 3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; cheap to right party.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, nr. Post— Room and
kitchen; furnished or unfurn.; reasonable.
MISSION, 561, near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NINTH, — Front suite and single rooms for
housekeeping; gas; . water; stove.
TAYLOR, Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
complete, $12 mo.; also sunny bay-window
suite.
TAYLOR, 131—3 large light sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; single If desired.
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna — Sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water.
THIRD, 309—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms, $8; also other rooms.
TURK. 543 — 2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Suite of 3 sunny rooms,
$22 50.
WILLOW aye.. 30, off Larkln, between Eddy
and Ellis— Large light housekeeping room,
with bath; reasonable.
$10— Two larse, sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping. 756 Folsom st.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms, $G month up; bath;
gas.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CLIFFORD, Ellis • and Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms for families and tourists;
prices reasonable. Telephone Red 1361.
DELAWARE, Ill Market- Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms pet night.
50c to $1; week. $2 to $1!: families.
EDDY, 619— Large well furnished front room;
alao large sunny back room; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— U per week; fur-
nished rooms.
KRANKLIN, 201, corner Fell— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $S mo.
GEARY. ClS— Large sunny hay-window room,
light housekeeping suite aii'l single room.
OEARY, 622— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble moms; bath, gas; reasonable
HAIGHT. 400%— Sunny front corner suite; sin-
gle room, comfortably furnished: reasonable.
HANCOCK HOfSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 s<j to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 946— Nice large single rooms, with
use of bath, $5 a month up.
HAVES. 526— Lovely, Urge sunny front room.
$10 month: single, $6; housekeeping if de-
sired; modern.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID^S— 2OO rooms;
suites: single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, S59 — Sunny front room for two: $8.
HOWARD. MS— By day, weeK or month; 25c,
30c, "i'C and $1 per day; $." to $15 per month.
HYPE, 92a— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W r . BROTHER-
TON.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway — 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LJ3TDKS AYE., 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
Apply 328 Fell St.
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $8 month; 2 gentlemen. J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MCALLISTER. 515— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 a week.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEVADA House, 1M Sixth— Select rooms. $150
to $4 50 week, $C to $15 a month; also house-
keeping.
q a jj 22 Nicely furnished modern rooms, $G
and $s"mo. ; suitable for 2; nice location.
otaprFLL 327— Large front room, $10; sin-
gle rooms, $4 and $6; light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL 535k-- Large front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 700— Suite of three sunny un-
furnished rooms.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas ; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
pTnE^ "39— Elegant suite of parlors, suitable
for man and wife or 3 or 4 gentlemen.
POWELL 203^ <"T he Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient^
POWELL S#9— TWO nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining: suitable for two gentlemen.
SHERMAN^ Apartment House 28 Eighth St..
near Mark<>t: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 125— Nicely furnished front sunny
' rooms'; very reasonable; double and single.
SOUTH PARK, 80— Sunny bay-window front
"room in private family^ rent reasonable^
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms:
suite or 'single: day, week cr month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
S UTTER 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
"" and unf'urn. : choice and sunny; reasonable.
TH!" RANDOLPH. 501 Post, corner Mason— so
hay-window parlor*! smaller rooms: water:
eas; $1 50 to $1 50 week: S5 to $20 month.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
HYDE, 1105 — Front sunny bay-window room,
gas bath, running water, breakfast, $10 mo.
HYDE 1105— Large front sunny bay-window
room! gas, bath, running water, first-class
board, $20 month.
FOLSOM 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 P« week; nice location.
LARKIN 2014— Room and board for man and
wife in private family, $35; marine view.
O'FARRELL 818, near Larkin— Sunny rooms;
board; private family; references.
VAN NESS. 21 CC — Lovely sunny rooms with ele-
gant* board for 2 or 3; in private family;
reasonable.
VA>J NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new: all mod-
ern conveniences; newly furnished: elegant
for gentlemen: board optional. Apply at SOS
Van Ne;-s aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Home, with yard lor two boys, age
fi and 8, with respectable lady, near school:
no other children; state terms. Address box
2111. Call office.
PLEASANT, eomfurtable home for child with
family without children; excellent care;
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON, Glen Ellen. Cal.
ELDERLY German lady wishes to take a child
to board. 80 Willow aye., off Larkin St.. be-
t we<*n Eddy and Kllis.
medical!
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st.: pills, $2.
\I.!. monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever muse restored at once; 9fe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult th>- doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WKYTH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
IKS. <"><>< '! 'WIN", 4'il Van Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far consult free the only doctor who
! uses Bchenck'a method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
bet skill, low fees: pills, $2.
j A SURE, safe and s|>eedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hosi ■::: ii; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doct r and state their case;
they will Trrrf! in h r r a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 228 Turk st
LADIES, Chiebaoter'fl Ei elUOi Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) brst; safe, reliable: take
no other; eend 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladlos," lett-r by return mail: at
\ druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physl-
j cian for female troubles, n.> matter what
cause; restore in 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny: orders by telegram.
A TREATMEXT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DX.
AND MRP. KOHL, 111s Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Reguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
Sc stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAtra French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 59 McAlliatej: at.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254 1 -j Fourth st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FT'XKE. 1410 Sth yt.. Alame.la.
PROPOSAL^
PLAXS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9B.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series* of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, ISSS, between the hours of
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are Indorsed by me*dical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north alone
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (760) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly lint: of the Alms-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building. ,„
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an Itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will 'be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the. aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect' and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of. five
( >) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and- satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction .--■■ of - the said
building for the amount of the ■ estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be" second, third
and fourth in ■merit' will receive premiums of
$1000 $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that i any \ features of said plans
and "specifications ; which '. may.: be considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may, be used without further cost ox.
charge. JNO. A. RrSSET-1... Clork.
"~XTeGAI. '•; 'KOTACKS.
NOTICE :; TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
'. C. JOHNSON, deceased. :
Notice is hereby given by the .undersigned.
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased,; to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within : ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the. office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO No. 400 Market st., the same being
her place for the transaction of j the business
of the said estate in the City a.nd ; County of
San Francisco, State of CallfprnlaL
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOIJN-
. SON, deceased. , , . . .  ' :
. Dated at San Francisco, February 24, 189 S. .
.. ■-■,'■' ',- ";-.'' J.' A "STEPHENS, *
Attorney for Executrix, Claus Spreckels* build-
,:- In*. ■-:".:; r-f.r -f . 'a, ,r : ....;; - -r-^- : /ry -■;--;-: - -1
PERSONALS.
BOXING and bag punching taught iby an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460. Call office.
MATRIMONIAL. '
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16- rages: no $3 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Franc:
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties; it never fails to relieve in. one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules: the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
, after which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
; stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to S
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36% Geary St.,
San Francisco. -■■.':"••'. :"^'X
AS a first-class hair-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal; price only 25c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic effects a healthy
growth. »G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
SHAMROCKS for St. Patrick's Day from Dub-
lin, Kildare, Wieklow and Cork Counties;
mailed 15c, $1 10 per dozen: 50 upward, half
price: remember ';»$; order before 15th. MO-
LONEY, 327 Buena Vista St., Los Angeles. .
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per- night; $150 to $.6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 533 Clay St.. S. F. " i
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 2Gc.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. XEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 23, second floor.
TRUNKS moved, 25c, Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. ; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
'- DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses mail" over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladies 50c.
gentssl; palm. and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 Mission; German spoken.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c. 327 Fifth st. '
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. SO6 Market Ft., room 41, top floor.
GYPSY life render gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c: G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2. »- ■
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120& Geary st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never falls; advice; help. 929 Post. .
MRS. MANDENA, medium, palmist: life read-
Ings, 25c; satisfaction guarant'd. 28 Sixth st.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 25c. '.41 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123Vs Sixth St., room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St.. room
2: mind-reader and palmist. "
SPIRITUALISM. "v?
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance; 8 p. m.: 2".c. 409 Lcav>>nworth st.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 p. m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m.;
readings, $1: Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia: sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m.; He.
MRS. FULTON TULEY, materializing seance
to-night: 50c: sittings. 1513 Geary st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister st. ; fine music.
M FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dtum. US Halght st. .
PROF. GEE: readings dally; test circles Tue,,
: Thur.,- Fri., 8 p. m. : 25c. 885% Market st. ■
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and, advice., 218 Stockton st.
(SIR LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HYPNOTISM-
BERNARD'S clinic medical hypotlsm. 209
Turk St.: we treat all diseases of mind and
body; course of instruction theory and prac-
tical clinic work $25. -
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate. Insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
PKOPERTY TO KXCIIANGt:.
100 RANCHES; 3 to 2500 acres; prices
from JM to $20,000
25 houses and lots, from $500 to 25,000
28-acre ranch for house and lot 2.500
2 stores and 6-room flat; in city 5,000
24-room boarding-house; for Berkeley
property 2.300
4 flats and 1 store for ranch 8.000
4 flats in Los Angeles, corner, for S. F. S.OOO
3 flats in city; fine corner: oth<«r propty 12.000
6 houses in Berkeley: 8 in Oakland; 10 in S.F.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, MM Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
A A. A.— City lots to exchange for bakery or
restaurant. 313 Bush st.
CITY property to exchange for ranch or room-
ing house. 313 Bush st.
PAYING property in good interior town to ex-
change for city property. Improved or unim-
proved: value $40uu. MRS. M. AVIENT. 1394
Vallejo st. '
'GOOD business property in Portland, Or., will
be exchanged on liberal t'rnn for property
In or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
THAL & HANLY. 10S1 Washington st., Oak-
land.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ii^
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse^
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. CS. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st: tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
'DOUOAN & CO., 230 Kearay St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI, ISO Powell st.
OX REAL estate and furniture or pianos, any
amount. BECKER. 32S Montgomery St.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth Ft., upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established IM>.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 50S California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister «t.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
33ft HATES ST.— Branch office of '^.he Call.
(Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOATCS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
rAWXBROKEKS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. ; private rooms.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. 679. opp. Wells-Fnrgo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc .
CITY RE.L ESTATE.
$5000— ELEGANT i new i house. Just completed,
SCS Shrader Bt., 2 blocks south of Haight;
contains rooms and bath; elegantly -finish-
ed throughout; house open; terms easy; own-
er on premises. - -.--.* ' - ■ - ■■■ 
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
. on mortgage.. Postofflce box 3495. : '
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
SWEENY RANCH, -'
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
: _• ■-.. COUNTY. -"■-■ -;\^<": •'"
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of ■
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of TOO
acres or less; rich 6oil for- fruit, ■ grain and
vegetables; plenty of water: this property
immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only
one hour's ride, from San Francisco; suitable
for small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON, ELDRi->GE & CO.,
63S Market St., San Francisco.
-■ Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice sub-
divisions, of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we offer at * ex-
tremely low prices and on very easy terms;
small cash payment; balance monthly: ■ one
and a half miles from Mountain View station.
Apply for full particulars to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
.• :• 638 Market st., San Francisco. •
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara st., San Jose.
FOR SALE— AI Mendocino grazing land; tim-
ber mostly tan oak; $2 ! per acre ■ and up-
ward. Box 2240, Call Office. ' ■ ' .
WELL-IMPROVED small orchard close i to
city. 1 at a bargain. Apply to owner, 638 San-
chez st., 8 to 11 a. m. . .
AAA — 250 acres in vineyard for rent on shares.
313 Bush st. ...;:;;.—
LARGE ranch in Fresno County; had over $20,-
000 worth of fruit last year; for rent on
shares. 313 Bush st. ■.■•-■
FOR sale — acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count'- consisting of the NE.
% of SW. >i of Sec. 31, township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc..
apply to A. CLOCKERS, Navarro. Cal. .: •
FOR SAL&-In Colma. San Mateo County. 5
acres of land for cemetery; convenient to the
Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric
cars. Address J. C. Station L., city.
IN ? San Mateo, store and six living rooms;
large lot; will rent furnished or unfurnished.
GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st. .
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. CaL
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. '
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL H^MT^S^N^LARI^PURr^"
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent.
$75 for a fine lot: $5 cash. $5 monthly; build
your own home, or we will build It for you;
payments as rent.
$125 for a nice lot and barn; $10, $5 monthly;
Allendale settlement, East Oakland; 3 electric
car lines and fine . school, near;, streets all
graded, some macadamized; soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth st., bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland. . H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$275 WILL* buy a building lot; small but cen- i
tral and desirable. HUGH M. CAMERON. ;
479 Ninth St., Oakland. " * ; s ■ j
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap '
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408 j
Eleventh St.. Oakland. •'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ipECIAL~NOTIcI:? "'. ""'""~ ~~~~~-~~~~~~~~~~
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST JKE PAYING RENT. :
H2OO. $1700. $1800, $2200,. $2600.. $3000. ■ ......
The above are lovely cottages, which have j
been thrown on the market for non-payment i
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
■ Hilt sacrifice to close accounts. They contain '
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta- j
tlms. ' :hl?i>U
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL. ;
Bay st. station. Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. ,
$5500— New 2-story residence; 6 large rooms; j
modern; cor. lot, 50x150; near Mastic Station; i
part cash. bal. installments. 735 R. R. aye. i
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FOR rent— 3 furnished rooms: upper floor; hot I
and cold baths: quiet couple preferred. 1313 •
Weber St.. Alameda. i
«— — — — "^ ~*^ "T— ■ "— — — — ~ "^ j
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$1750— FOR sale— Near the university: house of i
7 room*; fine lot; street work all done; a
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real |
estate, Berkeley Station. . -;''- j
A GREAT bargain— For sale, 2 acres only four I
blocks frcm station; $650 per acre. O. G. |
MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. ■ Berkeley. j
TYPEWRIT ERS.
TOST, good order, $25; send for sample work, j
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 • Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call:
subscriptions and want ads taken.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 14— StmrGeor-
glc. from Liverpool. . . .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS, j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by i
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence (
of persons authorized .to . have the same pub- :
lished.
BORN.
ARCHER— In Lodi. March 6, 1898, to the wife
of Charles Archer, a son.
CARLSON— At Ryans Slough, March 6, 1898, to
the wife of John Carlson, a daughter.
CONRAD— Near Arroyo Grande, March 7, 1898,
to the wife of Frank Conrad, a daughter.
EVERDING— In this city, March 14, 1898, to the
wife of Herman Everding, a son.
HILL— In San Bernardino. March 6, 1898, to the
wife of Willis Hill., a daughter.
HIPPLER— Lewiston.' March 7, 1898, to the
wife of Al Hippler, a son. ■ ": • A
LOWNEY— In this city. March 10. 1898. to the
wife of D. D. Lowney, a son. .
MILLER— In this city. March 11. 1898, to the
wife of Thomas I. Mllleiv a daughter. .
NIDEROST— In this city, March 6, IS9B, to the
- wife of August Niderost.a son.
OAKLEY— In Lompoc. • March 7, IS9B, to the |
wife of F. D. Oakley, ,a. son.
PENMAN— Spring Garden Ranch. Plumas I
County. Cal., March 7, 1898. to the wife of )
George ■ Penman, ( a daughter: . . . .
SHACKLETON— this city, March 9. 1898, to
the wife of J. Shackleton, a son. .
VEMENSHANI— Santa Clara, March 11, j
189S, to the wife of J. Vemenshanl, a daugh- j
ter.
WATERHOUSE— March 14. 1898; to the wife of |
E. -W. A. Waterhouse, a son.
WHITE— In Pan Bernardino, March 7, 1838, to
the wife of Charles D. White, a son.
WILLIS— Vance's Mad River Store, March
11. 1898, to the wife of J. F. Willis, a son.
WELCH— Acampo, March 6, IS9B, to the wife
of Charles Welch, a daughter. ■
WITHROW— In Santa Clara. March 11, 1898, to
the wife of Ralph Withrow, a son.
MARRIED.
BORBA— SILVA— In Yreka, March 3, 1898, by
the Rev. Father Quinn. Antone G. Borba
and Emma A. Silva.
BROL'QHTON - MEANS -In Pomona, Cal..
March 7. IS9B. by the Rev. Mr. Lioop, Howard
Anthony Broughton and Jennie L. Means.
CARISH— OSSOSKY— In this city, March 6,
IS9B by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Meyer I'arlsh
of Oakland and Nellie Ossosky of San Fran-
cisco.
DRESSER— BERRY— Xear Tlpton, March 5,
IS3B, William Dresser and Matilda Berry,
both of Tipton.
GOLDBERG— PEARL— In this city, March 6,
1898 by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel Gold-
berg and Anita Pearl, both of San Fran-
cisco.
HOLLINGSWORTH— LOWDEN — In "Weaver-
ville, March 7, 189 S. by Hon. T. E. Jones.
Judge of the Superior Court. Frank O. Hol-
lingsworth and Nellie S. Lowden.
PETERSON— LARSON— In Glendale, Humboldt
County. March 9, 1898. by the Rev. William
Baisler, August W. Peterson and Linda S.
Larson.
SCHREEN— GERDES— In this city. March 12.
1898, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hermann
Sehreen and Annie Gerdes.
SCOFIELD— DENNIS— In Yreka. March 3. 1898,
by the Rev. R. E. Wenk, Charles H. Sco-
field and Helen Dennis.
DIED.
Anderson, Therese C. Mouze, Adolphe .
Baer. Fanny Patterson. William
Bryant. 8.. M.D. Pitt. Albert T.
Boyne. Thomas Pariargo. Marcel
Pyer, Mrs. Maria F. Springmann. Caroline
Gemballa. August Silllfant. Albert H.
Heyum, H. Sullivan, Jeremiah
Kaltenborn. Sarah Speekter, Willie
Lltz, Susie P. Schultz, Florence M.
Leigh, Frederick G. Sweeney. Kate
Lindsar. Alfred Tamm. Fred
Lownes Mrs. Lizzie Thomsen. Christian
McDonnell, Mary Tildeß, Mrs. Loretta
Mehrtens. August Wright. Mrs. L. D.
Murphy, Anna
ANDERSON— In South San Francisco, March
13, IS9S. Theresa Christine, youngest and
dearly beloved daughter of O. P. and Emma
Anderson, and sister of Annie J.. George O.
and the late Tillie C and Amanda P. Ander-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years
8 months and 11 days.
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1240 sixth avenue, near L
street. South San Francisco. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAER— In this city. March 13, IS9B, Fanny, be-
loved wife of the late Charles Baer. mother
of Fred, Hattie, Mose and Max Baer. and
sister of Marcus and Saul Nathan of Susan-
ville, Cal., a native of Prussia, aged 43 years.
(Oakdale, Cal.. papers please copy).
It?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 57G Natoma street, between Sixth and
Seventh, and thence by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 3:15 o'clock to New
Salem Cemetery for interment.
BRYANT— In this city, Marc.i 14, 1898. Berry-
man Bryant. M. !>.. beloved husband of
Henrietta Frances Bryant, and father of
Perry M.. DBTld T., William G., Cal noun and
Edgar R. Bryant, a native of Spartanbure. B.
CV. aged SI years 4 months and 28 days. (San
Jose and Gilroy papers please copy.)
CTTlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at Gilroy. on arrival of morn-
ing train from San Francisco. Interment at
Gllroy. Cml.
BOYNE— In this city, March 13. 1838, Thomas,
dearly beloved hushand of Elizabeth Boyne.
and father of Margaret E. Boyne, a native ol
Dublin. Ireland.
ICFriends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully inrtted to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 613 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, where a solemn re-
quiem nigh mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DYER— In Lompoc, Cal.. March 9. 1898. Mrs.
Maria Finch Dyer, aged 57 years.
GEMBALLA— In this city. March 14, I^SS, Au-
gust, beloved husband of Augusta Gemballa.
and father of Mrs. Marie S.isnowski and
FrlPdrich, Gustave, Emil and Annie Gem-
balla. a native of Germany, aged 54 years II
months and 17 days.
HEYUM— In San Jose. Mp.rch 12, IS9S, H.
Heyum, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
KALTENBORN— In San Bernardino. March 9.
1898. Sarah E. Kaltenborn, aged 22 years and
8 months.
LITZ— In this city. March 14. 189S, Susie D.,
beloved wife of N. J. Litz, mother of Helen
Litz, daughter of Mrs. M. H. Clark, and
sister of Mrs. Jennie England. J. W. Simp-
son and G. W. and W. A. Clark, a native of
California, aged 38 years 1 month and 28
days. (San Jose and Stockton papers please
copy.)
{GT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 . o'clock, from her late
residence. 301 Octavia street, cornar of Oak.
and thence by train leaving Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets at 11:30 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
LEIGH— In this city, March 14. IS9R, Freder-
ick George, dearly beloved husband of Lillian
Leigh, and father of Myrtle and Frederick
Leslie Leigh, a native of Sydney, Australia,
aged 33 years and 5 months.
|T3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tn attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 723 Solano street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:31 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
LINDSAR— In Redlands, March 9, IS9B, Alfred
Linrtsar, aged 27 years.
LOWNES— In Redlands, March 9, 1898, Mrs.
Lizzie Lownes, aged 30 years.
McDONNELL— In the City and County Hos-
pital, March 14, HBB, Mary McDonnell, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 6J years.
MEHRTENS— In this city, March 13, 1898,
August, dearly beloved husband of Meta
Menrtens, and father of Louis and Eda Mehr-
tens, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 62
years 2 months and 13 days. A member of
Hercules Lodge No. 53, A. O. U. W.
K7"FrienU3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerßl to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o clock, from his late
residence. 1300 California street, corner of
Leavenworth, thence to St. Paulus Kvangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy ar.i Gough
streets, where funeral ftorviaea will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, March 13. IS9R. Anna,
beloved wife of Henry Murphy, mother of
John H. Pearson, and sister of Mrs. A. E.
Booth, and mother of A. E. Clncjuares, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass.. aged 38 years. (Bos-
ton, Mass., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1212 Green street.
MOUZE— In this city. Mar^h 1& IS9B, Adolphe,
beloved husband of Clara Mouze. father of
Louis Mouze. son of Mrs. Marie Mouze,
brother of Mrs. Verger, and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Angonnet, a native of
San Francisco, aged 45 years 6 months and
17 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invltei] to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1124 Pine street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall, where services will be held under
the auspices of California Parlor No. 1. N.
S. G. W. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PATTERSON— In this city. March 13. 1898,
William, beloved husband of Lou Patterson,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 68 years 3
months and 11 days. (Napa City papers
please copy).
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, 935 Valencia street. Cremation at
3:30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PITT— In this city, March 13, 1898, Albert T.
Pitt, beloved husband of the late Lottie Pitt,
and father of Lottie Pitt, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S. G. W. In-
terment Laurel Hil! Cemetery.
PARIARGO— In this city. March 14, 189 S. Mar-
cel Pariargo, a native of France, aged 39
years.
SPRINGMANN— In this city, March 14. 1898.
Caroline, beloved wife of the late Edward
Sprlngmann. a native of Strassbwsg, Ger-
many, aged 71 years 2 months and U days.
C7-Frlends and aeqU&intauaea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'ciook. from her late
residence. 437 A Fulton strvt. near Octavia.
Interment Odd Fellows' Ometery.
SILLIFANT— In this city. March 13. 1898, Al-
bert H. SiUifant a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 36 years. A member of Court On-
ward. A. O. F.. No. 7KOS.
CTRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission sireet.
SULLIVAN— In this city, March 12, IS9S, Jere-
miah beloved husband of Ann Sullivan,
father of Nora, Annie. Mary and Daniel Sul-
livan, and brot. ~r of Mrs. Mary Condon, a
native of Butlerstown, parish of Barry Rose.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 38 years. (Cork
papers please copy).
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respecl-
f'llly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence, 169 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPECKTER— In this city, March 12, IS9S, Wil-
lie beloved son of Catherine and the late
Henry Speckter, and brother of Otto, Eddie,
Henry and Alfred Speckter. a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 17
a |T7 : Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesdayt. at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 652'. s Natoma street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city, March 14. IS9S, Flor-
ence Muriel, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Schultz, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years S months and 14 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the residence, 221
Pierce street. Interment private.
SWEENEY— In this city. March 13. IS9S, Kate
A., dearly beloved daughter of John and
Mary Sweeney, and sister of John, Peter,
Mamie, Annie, Marguerite and Joseph Swee-
ney, a native of San Francisco.
tC^Friendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday >. at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 24 Rondell place, off Sixteenth
street, between Mission and Valencia, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TAMM— In this city, March 12. ISM, Fred
Tamm, a native of Germany, aged 34 years.
I O R. M.— Officers and members of Soto-
yome Tribe No. 12, Improved Order of Red
Men, are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral Thursday. March 17. at 2 o'clock,
from their hall. 302 Post street.
THOMSEN— In Alameda, March 14. 1898. Chris-
tian Thomsen. a native of Schleswig, aged 69
years and 6 months,
(reinterment private.
TILDEN — In Redlands, March 7, 1898, Mrs.
Loretta D. Tilden, aged 69 years.
WRIGHT— In Lompoc, Cal., March 9, IS9B, Mrs.
Lucinda Doty Wright, aged 71 years 1 month
and 1 days.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER7^™™r
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
1 20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ]
| Telephone, South SO. |
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market st., 3*a
Francisco. Telephone So. 15*.
1314
MORE FOR PINE
THAN THEY ASKED
FOR OAK FINISH
Lucky Contractors Rewarded for Putting in
the Ferry Building Cheaper Material
Than Specified.
— •
A Chapter on How a Tower Floor Increased in Value and
Another Showing the Way of Changing a Fire-Proof
Steel Door to One of Wood.
In every department of the ferry
building, so far as investigated, there
has been found fraud. In some cases
the fraud has been so palpable, wonder
grows that the perpetrators had the
hardihood to even hope to escape de
tection. They either did not try to
cover up the evidence of their guilt or
they thought the public stupider than
It is. From the minute-books of the
Commissioners and from inspection of
the work the guilt of the criminals and
the manner of their crime is plain. But
the facts, boldly as they stand out now.
may yet be brought into more startling
relief.
It has been demonstrated that the
contractors have made the Commis
sioners propositions which could have
no other design than the swindling of
the State. Whether the gentlemen
failed to see this, or had a purpose in
permitting the State to be swindled, is
a matter to be looked into by the Grand
Jury. The contractors have been al
lowed to use cheaper materials than
called for in the specifications upon
which contracts had been based, and
to employ cheaper methods, but the
pay has not been reduced, and in more
cases than one it has been increased.
In other words, the contractors have
been made presents of public money
under circumstances which would have
permitted them with profit to have
made a considerable gift to the State.
The State pays for one sort of stone
and yets another. The stone finally
adopted was offered at thousands of
dollars less th~n the stone it replaced.
There was no reduction in the figure
when the cheaper grade was adopted.
If pays for one sort of floor and gets
another which cost nearly forty thou
sand dollars less to construct than
would have been the case had specifi
cations been followed. It not only gets
no reduction, but actually donates the
contractor a gratuity for his kindness
In accepting an Increased and unwar
ranted gain. It pays for white glazed
brick and gets marble, Concerning the
relative expense to the contractor there
is some question. Others who have
figured on the work say the marble is
cheaper by fifteen cents a foot. But
above the marble, the change having
been authorized at the time the marble
was substituted, there has been used
a quality of brick so distinctly inferior
to the style originally contracted for as
to mar the whole effect.
It pays for Roman pressed "brick,
worth $75 per thousand, to be used at
the outer ends, and gets common brick
which, laid in the wall, represent $14
a thousand.
These are incidents. Where is the
money which has been "saved"? In a
general way the answer is easy; there
has been no money saved.
When the Commissioners decided to
use pine instead of oak in the interior
finish it might have been supposed that
this would inure to the benefit of the
people, but it didn't. Such benefit as
there may have been found its way
into other channels. When Bateman
Bros, made a bid, which was accepted,
for finishing the interior in oak it may
be assumed they knew what they were
doing. When it is remembered that oak
costs about $85 a thousand and pine
only $16, the assumption is fair that a
contractor having permission to put in
pine at oak figures would have a good
enough thing without asking ah addi
tion. But the Batemans asked the ad
ditional pay, and got it. They put in
a bid for doing the work with pine. It
was an increase of more than $3000. To
give them this would have been an in
formality, as bids must be advertised
for on contracts of this magnitude. So
they cut down their figures by $800,
bringing them to $2995, and so retained
the work. Now, people want to know
why, Instead of getting more, these
contractors should not have received
substantially less.
It is true that by the new arrange
ment there was provided the building
of certain partitions not intended in
the first place, but there were left out
a large number of partitions that had
been planned. By letting the mezza
nine story stand incomplete there has
been saved to the contractors (not to
the State) $11,375. Of this, as the tabu
lated statement shows, a large propor
tion Is in the wood contract. Here is
the table as compiled by an architect
entirely familiar with the work:
ADVEETISEJiENTS.
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath -with
Cuticitha Soap, and a single application of
CtrricriiA (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
for itching,- burning, bleeding, scaly, and
pimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
Ii mil throughout tht world, form Dsca in Cnmncii. .'
■ratt'iv Sole Proprietor!. Botum
0y •• How to Care Krerr Baby Humor,'; mailed free.
BABY BLEMISHES fsT^
! T. C. partitions omitted, 18,330 square
feet, value $4,032
I T. C. celling tile omitted. 20,328 square
feet, value 2,642
T. C. furring tile omitted, 4140 square
i feet, value 538
; Plastering <rf partitions omitted, 6SOO
square feet, value 1,088
I Hard pine flooring omitted. 20,500 square
feet, value 610
Eighty-three oak doors and casings omit
ted, value 1.660
■ {Twenty wash basins omitted, value 400
| Lavatories omitted, value 400
Total $11.5T5
In addition to the above there were to
, have been 240 lineal feet of oak par
titions separating the waiting rooms
on the second floor. They were to have
j been twelve and a half feet high. In
|in their place will appear metal grill
| work, which is quite apart from the
' Batemans' contract to use pine where
there was to have been oak. Of the
> partitions which the artistic eye of the
I commission has not abolish^- ' there re
' main in the first and second stories,
I once of oak, now of pine, upward of
I 2000 lineal feet.
Supposing, for the sake of argument,
that the Batemans, from their exten
sive dealings, could have secured their
oak at three times the price of pine the
change would still have been money in
their purses. There seems every rea
son to believe that they could have
carried out their contract without
| forcing the Commissioners into the pc
! culiar position of paying them extra
for doing it. This is virtually what
the deal amounts to. There is abso
lutely nothing to show that the Com
missioners had any right or any proper
reason for thus favoring them. They
seem to have been unduly favored by
the simple circumstance that the
change in material was made.
Not the least interesting chapter in
the history of the wholesale robbery
that has characterized the actions of
the men responsible for the construc
tion of the ferry building is that which
covers the seemingly insignificant item
of fitting the building with doors. The
doors, which are of the kind that raise
and lower like the top of an office desk,
have been put in by a contractor, who
has received the sum of $5570 for his
work. Contradictor^ as the statement
may seem to be. It is nevertheless a
fact that these same, doors represent to
the State an expenditure of something
over $9000. The extra 3000 and odd
dollars have been divided up between
the men who are reaping profit from
their manipulation of the building con
tracts. This fact will doubtless appear
in due time.
According to the original plans and
specifications, the doors for the various
entrances and exits to the ferry build
ing were to be constructed of the best
steel, besides being fitted with proper
counter-weights and other necessary
fittings. The doors now in position, in
stead of being fire-proof, are built of
Oregon pine. The official sleight-of
hand by which this change was brought
about will no doubt prove interesting
reading to taxpayers and others.
The contract for all of the iron and
steel work in the ferry building was se
cured by the Risdon Iron Works, the
contract price being something less
than $200,000. The item of steel doors
was included in this blanket contract.
The Risdon Iron Works does not manu
facture steel doors of the kind called
for in the original specifications, so, in
order to put in an intelligent and profit
able bid on this particular item, the
firm asked for and received bids for the
work from firms that make a specialty
of that style of work. By this means
the Risdon Iron Works people ascer
tained that the doors could be con
structed and put in at a cost, to them,
of about $8000. This amount, plus a cer
tain percentage of profit, formed one
of the items that went to make up the
sum total of their bid for all of the iron
work.
After the contract had been let the
Harbor Commissioners, for reasons
known only to themselves, conceived
the idea of changing the style of the
doors from steel to wood. Satisfactory
plans were submitted by Edward B.
Hinds of 411 Mission street, and he was
finally awarded a contract to put the
new style wooden doors in at a cost
of $5570. Negotiations were then opened
with the Risdon Iron Works, with the
following result: In consideration that
the firm was released from the neces
sity of constructing the doors as per
the original contract the firm agreed
to deduct $4000 from the sum of the
original blanket contract. As the work
would have cost the Risdon Iron Works
$8000, this agreement meant a profit of
$4000 to the firm. Whether or not this
was net profit, only the men who en
gineered the deal know — and they won't
tell.
Edward B. Hinds, who secured the
contract for building the wooden doors
now in place. Is frank in telling all that
he claims to know of the transaction.
"I put in the wooden doors," he said
yesterday, "and received my pay. The
contract price was $5570. As for the doors
as they stand, I have no hesitancy in
saying that I believe them vastly supe
rior to the steel doors called for by the
original specifications. I also manu
facture steel doors and put in a bid to
the Risdon Iron Works for the doors
called for by the original specifications.
I had nothing to do with the actton of
the Harbor Commissioners in changing
from steel to wood and therefore know
nothing' about anybody making any
money on the side. If any private un
derstanding existed between the Com
missioners and the Risdon Iron Works
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1898.
people I would be the last to hear of it.
All that I know is that I did my work
and got my money for it. I made a
fair profit and am not anxious to find
out how other people make their
money."
Hinds' contract, the amount sub
tracted from the sum total of the Ris
don Iron Works contract and all of the
proceedings by which the changes were
brought about appear on the records
kept by the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, and are not disputed by any
member of the board.
A fair illustration of the manner In
which contractors on the Inside are
reaping a rich harvest at the expense
of the State came to the surface a few
days ago. It will serve to show one of
the many plans of procedure. The firm
of Bateman Bros., referred to above,
has the contract for putting down all
of the floors in the ferry building for a
stipulated lump sum. This includes the
floors of the numerous stories of the
tower. Some time ago the Commis
sioners decided to leave out six floors
in the tower. Bateman Bros, were in
formed of this decision, and after some
haggling agreed to take $119 off the
stipulated contract price in considera
tion of being released from the ne
cessity of putting down the six floors.
This was agreed to. A few days later
the Commissioners again changed their
minds. This time they concluded that
It would be necessary to have built
one of the six floors before discarded.
The contractors were again called for
and asked how much they would
charge to build the floor. The reply
was that it could not be built for less
than $210. The matter of awarding the
contract was taken under advisement.
Six floors at the rate of $210 a floor
would amount to $1260 — work for which
the contractors only allowed $119 when
it was a question of allowing for work
not required by the State.
So day by day the chapters are
added to the story. There are more to
be told. Perhaps the people are yet to
have the felicity of knowing where their
money went; of knowing why when
they furnished funds for the erection
of a ferry depot on a certain plan the
plan was changed, cheapened, and now
the money is insufficient to even bring
the work to completion on the new
scale, the mezzanine story awaiting the
raising of future funds.
THE TENDERLOIN
WATCHING LOW
He Holds the Case of the
Notorious Tom Ellis in
Abeyance.
The " Push " Turning Heaven and
Earth to Secure the Defendant's
Release.
The case of Thomas Ellis who shot Ar
thur Lawson at 850 Market street, on
February 28, will come up before Judge
Low for decision on Wednesday. There
has been a great deal of interesting evi
dence, some of which was to the effect
that the defendant was in the habit of
often beating and threatening to kill
Josie Norton, whom he was beating at
the time of the interference of Lawson,
which resulted in his being shot.
Mrs. Howes, proprietor of the house,
is much interested in the case, because
she has heard time and again that there
have been desperate attempts to have the
case settled out of Court. In spite of all
attempts of the friends of the notorious
defendant the case has remained on the
calendar, though there are great efforts
tf have it squared.
When the case was on hearing a few
days ago it was noticed by Special Prose
cutor J. N. B. Wilson that the regular
prosecutor of the court, as well as the
Judge, seemed eager to minimize the of
fense. The Judge even asked the young
! man who was shot whether he would not
: be satisfied to have the defendant pay a
j fine, whereupon the victim of the bully's
shots answered that he wanted the de
| fendant sent where he would not be able
j to do any more shooting.
All of the ward heelers want the case
j squared, and the eyes of the tenderloin
j are upon Judge Low. He was warned by
I Attorney Wilson that it would be infam
ous to allow the caee to be squared, but
Ellis has boasted that he will never be
cinched in Low's court.
There was plenty of evidence, as sev
i eral witnesses swore that the night
< watchman was shot while he was trying
j to prevent the defendant from killing the
I notorious woman with whom he lived,
i Judge Low has determined to decide the
| case Wednesday.
In the Divorce Courts.
Anna Clara Hohs was granted a divorce
from her husband, John F. Hohs, yester
day on the ground of extreme cruelty.
The defendant was ordered to pay the
plaintiff alimony in the sum of $10 a
month for the support of his minor child,
the custody of which was given to its
mother. Lincoln E. Lewars was granted
a divorce from Laura B. Lewars on the
ground of willful desertion. Gertrude E.
Burgess was granted a decree of divorce
from C. S. Burgess on the ground of will
ful neglect. Rosalie Moser was granted
her application for a divorce from her
husband, Lewis Moser. The decree was
granted on statutory grounds.
Philip Code Seriously 111.
Philip D. Code of the firm of Code. El
felt & Co.. the well-known packers. Is se
riously 111 at his home, 940 Valencia
street. It Is said that Mr. Code is afflict
ed with the grip and that complications
have set in. A consultation of his physi
cians was held yesterday morning, and
although they entertain the belief that
the crisis has passed, his condition is still
euch as to cause his family alarm.
"SPIDER"
KELLY IS
KNIFED
The Pugilist Slashed
Out in One Round
by Solly Smith.
Joe Goddard Steps in and
Gets His Nose
Spoiled.
Almost Fatal Result of a Re
fusal to Partake of
a Drink.
NO ARRESTS TO BE MADE.
The Injury Is Not Dangerous and
Kelly Exp^cs Soon to
Got Even.
As a result of a row kicked up In his
saloon by Solly Smith, the well-known
sporting man, "Spider" Kelly is now
laid up in bed with a wounded shoulder
and Joe Goddard is nursing a badly
wounded nose.
Smith entered Kelly's saloon about
9 o'clock last night, bringing with him
a bad temper and a good jag. He
called for a drink, but Kelly, thinking
the man already had more than
enough, ordered the bartender not to
give it to him.
"What's the matter with you, you
.» retorted Smith.
The rest of the story is better told by
I Kelly, as he lay propped up in bed and
surrounded by his friends, who were
doing everything in their power to
make things easy for him.
"Now, you see, I don't take such sass
I from any one, I don't care how big they
I are. I come from around the bar, and
! as soon as I did I see he was a-goin'
j to cop me. Joe Qoddard stepped in be-
I tween and got a smash on the nose, but
! he's all right and I'll always remember
him for it. Then 1 made a grab for
Smith, so's he couldn't pull a gun, for
| I q§e he was ugly and looking for
; trouble. The next thing 1 know I got
this one in the shoulder, but it'll be all
, right in a day or two. You don't catch
! me turning my toes to the daisies just
yet; I've got too many friends and
there's too much fun a-goin'.
"Some of the cops come up here
just now and wanted me to have him
arrested, but I can't see it in that
! light. Solly's a good fellow all right,
but he'd just had too much l.ooze and
: didn't want to be phut down on. I
i seen what vras the matter with him,
j and could have killed him after he
! stuck me even just with the one arm,
i but I didn't want to hurt him then.
I There'll be plenty of time for that after
j awhile if he's lookir. for trouble, and
1 that's all there is t it.
"Say boys," as a ouple of more well
known sporting characters entered
the room, "its almost worth a fellow's
while to get hurt, just to see how many
friends he's got. Why they have been
piling up here all night, and I've got
j enough volunteer nurses to start a
hospital with."
Spider was taken upstairs to his
room immediately after the row, and a
doctor was called in who sewed up his
shoulder and bandaged Joe's damaged
olfactory organ till his face looked like
a football mask. Kelly positively re
fuses to have his assailant arrested,
and wishes to have the affair > ushed
up as much as possible.
GUARD INSPECTION.
Company I of the First Infantry to
Go Through the Ordeal.
The first of the Inspections of the Na
tional Guard in accordance with the re
cent orders of the division commander
was held last night in the regimental ar
mory at Page and Gough streets. It had
been arranged to inspect companies B
and I of the First Infantry, but owing to
the absence in the East of Captain Fil
mer of Company B, the inspection was
confined to Company I, Captain Richter,
only. The inspection was by Major Jan
sen, brigade Inspector, and he was ac
companied by Captain Carrington, U. S.
A., detailed to inspect the National Guard
of California. Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce
and Captain Kelleher, adjutant of the
First Infantry, were also present. The
roll called for sixty-eight men, and all
but one responded at roll call. The men
in service uniform presented a fine ap
pearance. After the Inspection, the men
were drilled by the captain, and then by
the lieutenants, and some of the sergeants
were called 'upon to show what they
knew about drilling squads. The drill
was in close order and in extended order,
which, considering the little time the men
give to that part of a soldier's duty, was
creditable.
The inspection will be continued during
the week.
OFF FOB, THE KLONDIKE.
Pugilist Carroll and His Family De
parted for the Gold Fields
Yesterday.
Jimmy Carroll, the lightweight pugilist,
who fought Champion Jack McAuliffe in
this city twice, ami who has been a pro
fessor of boxing of late years, sailed
yesterday on the steamer H mboldt for
the ROidnelds of Alaska with his wife and
two sons. Carroll is sanguine of making
a fortune in the newly discovered gold
fields.
Jim Jeffries, the heavy-weight pugilist,
who Is to meet iv-t<>r Jackson on Tuesday
week, was an interested spectator at the
Orpheum Theater last evening. Tom
Sharkey and his lady love were also in
attendance, but after the boxing act. in
which one actor gave an imitation of foul
fighting, Sharkey decided that it was
time to decamp, and he left, satisfied that
the sporting people of this city are not
in favor of rough-and-tumble fighting,
which is not in accordance with Queens
berry rules.
Jeffries is sanguine of whipping Peter
Jackßon. and if he should prove success
ful the Olympic Club will offer flattering
inducements for a match between the two
young Herculeses, viz.: Jeffries and
Sharkey.
Charged With Assault.
T. H. Perry, a painter, was arrested last
night on complaint of Robert Fisher, and
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon. Perry went home last night and
found a Mrs. Driver, .who had formerly
lodged with him, in trre house in com
pany of Fisher. Perry ordered them out,
and on their refusal to go drew a revol
ver. Fisher attempted to take the weapon
away from him and had his hand badly
lacerated. Perry was locked up in the
City Prison pending a hearing.
Railroad Commissioner Hinton.
W. M. Hlnton. the newly appointed
Railroad Commissioner, took the oaih of
office In Department 6 of the Superior
Court. The form, filled out and properly
attested, has been forwarded to the Sec
retary of State. When Mr. Hinton re
ceives official acknowledgment from the
Secretary that the oath has been filed
aB the law requires, he will begrin his
duties as a member of the Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
THE TALES OF TWO MISSIONARIES.
The arrival of Dr. and Mrs. Baldwin
from the Orient, he being secretary of
the Methodist missions in the United
States, has been looked forward
to for some time by the ministers and
lay people of that denomination.
Dr. Baldwin went to China to assist
in the celebration of the semi-centen
nial of the establishing of missions in
that country. He arrived in this city
Sunday morning and yesterday he
spoke before a large gathering of the
clergy in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
In his address he referred to the po
litical position of China and said that
now there was talk of Russia getting
a slice of the north of the central val-
ley of that country. France was taking
as much as it could get. England was
after a slice in the southern part and
Germany was laying hands on all she
could. He stated that there was con
siderable danger in this state of af
fairs. He stated that there are three
nations identical and opposed to the
disintegration of China, and these
three are the United States of America,
WALLER'S
CONSCIENCE
HERTS HIM
Grand Jury Told Him
He Was Imposing
on the Public.
His Resolution on Text-
Books Will Now Soon
Be Withdrawn.
Pressing Influence Brought to
Bear on the School Di
rector's Ideas.
AND GALLAGHER BLUSHED
Slowly Anßweved Many Questions
Regarding Letters, Lumber and
Appropriations.
School Director Waller has come to
j the conclusion that his resolution re
garding the introduction of new text
! books in the public schools is consider -
i ably at fault and might work a hard
' ship on the struggling public. It is not
determined whether or not it is his con
science hurting him, but it is now
known that the Grand Jury whispered
some rather unpleasant remarks into
i his ears last evening at a meeting
I which seemed to be held for the spe
cial benefit of School Directors who are
not in favor with the people. At any
rate he has promised to withdraw his
resolution at the next meeting of the
Directors and to henceforth be good in
more ways than one.
The Grand Jury called Waller in con
nection with Director Gallagher before
them for the purpose of receiving ex
planations. The examination was long
and thorough, and by the time the two
were released from the gaze of their ex
aminers they were sorry that they had
appeared in response to a rather de
manding call. Some good, however,
was accomplished, as with the with
drawal of the resolution submitted by
Director Waller the public can use its
hard-earned savings for other pressing
purposes.
Gallagher followed In his turn and
was kept on the rack for over an hour.
His looks were at fault if he did not
wish he was at home snugly tucked
away in bed. The questions he was
asked by the various members of the
Grand Jury were hard to get around,
and in the second place it is not alto
gether assuring to appear before a
body of such determined men when it
is known that they hold the law in
their hands. "Is it not a fact that you
have sent various letters to Mrs. Fow
ler asking her as a special favor to let
certain numerous applicants for cer
tificates to pass through without an ef
fort on their part?" was asked the ex
amined, and he meekly replied that he
did not deny it, but, however, the fin
ishing touches of the remarks were not
heard.
"Why is it that the School Depart
ment recently audited a bill for $600 to
favor Patrick Swift for lumber, and
why did a bill accompany the other de
mand calling for $248 for hauling the
lumber?" Before the question could
be answered a listening party offered
the uncalled for information that it was
possible that the lumber was hauled a
plank at a time, and although the jury
looked rather pleased no comment was
made on the answer; but Gallagher
stated in reply that he was not fa
miliar with that portion of the work
ings of the department, and neither
could he explain the workings of that
portion of the School Board which al
lowed twenty teachers to handle only
fifteen classes.
Mr. Gallagher was questioned con
cerning a number of appropriations, but
he was apparently vague on the subject
and stated that he was not in a posi
tion to be questioned or give answers
in that line as he was not chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations. He
then went on in rather a lengthy way
and explained that he had always been
opposed to Director Waller's methods.
and particularly to his resolution
which would, without doubt, work a
hardship on the public, but that he was
well pleased that Mr. Waller had de
cided upon withdrawal. He refrained
from mentioning the influence brought
to bear upon the Director's conscience.
In answer to the question put by one
of the members of the Grand Jury,
"Why are the salaries of the teachers
not paid regularly?" he replied that
there was not sufficient money in the
funds at their disposal, but that he had
received the assurance that within a
short while money would be plentiful
and the teachers would not then have
to teach in vain. The dose may be re
peated.
The Grand Jury will not meet on
Thursday next in honor of the celebra
tion of St. Patrick's Day and out of re
spect to one of their members, J. H.
O'Brien, who is one of the leaders in
the coming celebration.
NATIONAL BANKS EXEMPT.
The License Collector Gets an Opin-
ion From the City and County
Attorney.
City and County Attorney Creswell has
advised License Collector Bonnet that the
general license order of the Board of
Supervisors does not apply to national
banks, and that he cannot legally en
force the payment of licenses by such in
stitutions. The main arguments ad
vanced by Mr. Creswell are as follows:
"National banks are instruments em
ployed by the Government of the United
States in the execution of its powers, and
Congress has power not only to provide
for the incorporation of them but to
limit the power of the State in the taxa
tion of them. Until the act of Congress
of June 3, 1864, the power of taxation of
national banks was denied to the States.
The forty-first section of this act "sub
jects theshares of national banks in the
hands of shareholders to taxation by the
States under certain limitations set forth'
therein. A taxation in any other way is
unconstitutional. The license tax pro
vided for by order No. 1589 is not a tax
on the shares of a national bank in the
hands of shareholders, but is a tax on the
occupation or the privilege of conducting
the business of a national bank. "The ex
action of a license tax as a condition of
doing any partiqular business is a tax on
the occupation and a tax on the occupa
tion of doing a business is surely a tax
on the business.' A municipality derives
its power of taxation from the State, and
if the State cannot impose a license tax
on national banks, a municipality can
not. The right of a national bank to con
duct its business is not dependent on a
licen.se granted either by the State or any
municipality thereof/
LOW AREAS THE CAUSE.
The Windstorms Due to Secondary
Areas in the Southwesc Quad
rant of Large Scope.
The strong winds of the last week, but
more especially of Saturday night and
yesterday, are the result of the disturbed
atmospheric conditions that have been
prevalent along the northern coast. Mr.
McAdie, the local weather forecaster, yes
terday Bald:
"The storms have been due to one or
two low areas coming along the northern
coast, a peculiar feature of which has
been their rapid prolongations to the
south, and as a consequence secondary
low areas have been formed from Oregon
down through Eastern California and
Western Nevada, and these have fought
their way east.
"On Saturday there was a sudden fall
of pressure in Eastern California and
Western Nevada, which was the result of
a southern prolongation of low area,
which gave us our own low area, causing
the southwesterly winds that changed to
northerly winds, which blew down the
valley on Sunday. Similar conditions ex
isted yesterday, only the low area extend
ed over a much larger territory, reaching
from the Pacific Coast to the Missouri
Valley. Secondary lows with westerly
squalls in the southwest quadrant of the
big low existed over California yesterday,
with the wind blowing at the rate of
twenty miles on the coast and eighteen
miles in the city.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. /
I 809 Market Street, corner Fourth £■
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7,
''< ::-■:■ .";.•■:-.- Consultation— FßEE.
' v -* . r?Wm. ■ » ;-., r PR K . To demonstrate our Painless
NaCvWK% M A/*Wj^ ClinS £ ?lOT ahead in Advanced Dental
Z_fW J^^Mi^^ GOLD CROWNS. 22k 350 up
*^^^»w«». HriiVgF WORK, per tooth 300 up
T-^m^^^iS- IS?VBR FUSING 25c up
FOR^^liK^. YOU^ A Phjsician Always 1 in Attendance. f
'y > W §^%ri Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.'
J ' V r-£' I I FILLED-. / LADY ATTENDANT.
TEETH ■•^■'IfigJSSSS / PHONE DAVIS 654.
DR. T. E. STRONa
Office Hturs-9 »- m- "> Wr- n^ Sunday,, • to 2 p. m.
England and Japan. The reason of
their opposition to this state of af
fairs was the freedom of the ports of
China, which affords the best field for
development in the whole world for
commerce.
"Such would not be the case," said
Dr. Baldwin, "if Russia had posses
sion. It is hardly necessary to say
why this state of affairs would be
when you look at the actions of Russia
in all the centuries of the past. It has
been the worst nation for the Protes
tant missions. In the dominions where
the English flag flics the Protestant
missions are sure of a foothold. There
fore it is better" that England take pos
session of China rattier than any other
country."
As regards the religious condition of
China he stated that he found it in
the most flourishing state and that
there were there 28,000 converts. He
said that the essential progress lies in
"securing" the womanhood of a coun
try, and the security of Christianity
lies also in raising the children in the
Christian idea.
SHEEHAN SHORT
IN HIS ACCOUNTS
Expert Morgan Renders His
Report to the Yosemite
Commission.
The Entire Amount Is Made Good
by trie Discharged Treas
urer.
It was ascertained at the meeting: of the
Yosemite Valley Commissioners which
was held yesterday morning in Commis
sioner W. W. . oote's office that tne
shortage of John F. Sheehan, the former
treasurer and secretary o£ the commis
sion, amounted to $4002 42, the whole of
which has been made good and paid.
The following report was read by Ex
pert Morgan, who had been appointed to
examine Sheehan's accounts:
..■• : - "I have made an examination of the
cashbook, vouchers and papers handed
me by you, from July, lSi»ti, to January,
IS9S, and and: ' .
"First— That all appropriations forward
ed to your late secretary anu treasurer
by the State Controller, as evidenced by
-OB uaeq aAuq "doyjo s'q uiojj s}Udmd;B}d
counted for and accredited to tneir re
spective funds.
"Second — That all moneys received
through the guardian of the valley, Miles
Wallace, for rents, privileges, sales, etc.,
as per his reports, and all moneys sent
direct' to or handed the secretary ■ trom
renters or others, have been duly accred
ited, which is shown by the total amount
agreeing witn the total amount due from
such parties for u.e time indicated.
"Third — mat against these funds vouch
ers nave been issued and checks drawn,
and they are on file, with the exception
of the following, which have not yet
been presented: Voucher No. 100, in favor
of John Deynan, $70; No. 107, in favor of
the same party, $j.x3 12; No. 109, in favor
of Frank Rohliff, for 176; No. 134,
134, in favor of Deynan, for $76 87;
No. 136, in favor of Frame Rohliff,
for $68 12; ana No. 160, In favor
of John Deynan, for $64 96, making
a total of $448 07. To meet these outstand
ing checks there is a deposit with the
Columbian Banking Company of this city
in the sum of $448 07, as shown by the
balance in bankbook.
"I further and ■ that between the 18th
day of November, 1837, and the 31st day
of December of the same year there was
received by the said secretary and treas
urer, John F. Sheehan, from the State
Treasurer the sum of $4029 42 to pay cer
tain claims previously allowed by the
board; that the cashbook shows all such
claims to have been paid at various times
after the receipt of said money and before
the Ist day of January, 18i>o.
"As a matter of fact, however, such
claims were not paid until the latter part
of January, 1898, nor was money to pay
the -ame deposited in bank until -on and
after the 19th day of January. 1898, as
follows: On January 19, $190; on January
21 $3500; on February 3, $305 50j and on
February 14, *-3 92; making In all $4029 42."
A communication from the American
Forestry Association was read before the
meeting, in which it accepts, the Invita
tion of the Yosemite Commission to hold
its summer -convention in the Yosemite
Valley, which will probably be held in
the latter part of July. /
.Upon the recommendation of the guar
dian of the valley, it was ordered that
some action-be taken toward removing
the unsightly buildings around the hotel.
Special railroad rates were granted by
General Passenger Agent Goodman of the
Southern Pacific to Native Sons and their
families, who will make the -iosemite
the Mecca of their summer vacations.
Caught in the Act. £
William Green, a well-known crooK. was
arrested by Officer O'Grady last nipht
and locked up on a ckarge of burßlary.
He and two companions were csiujrht m
the act of rifling F. E. Terry s hair dress
inK optablishmcnt, at 2422 Mission street
A crowd started in pnrsuit. and at Nine
teenth and Misison Officer O'Grady joined
in the race and captured Green.