VOLUME LXXXIV.-mi 64.
NINE NEGROES
SLAIN IN STREETS
OF WILMINGTON
Tl^ree White Men fllso Wounded
During a Day of Bloodshed
and Turbulence.
Trouble Precipitated on Election Day Also Re
sults in the Slaughter of a Dozen
Negroes at Rerjobeth.
Special Dispatch to Tn« Call.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Nov. 10.—
After a day of bloodshed and
turbulence Wilmington has
subsided to-night into com
parative peacefulness. Eight
negroes were killed and three white
men wounded during the day, one of
them, William Mayo, seriously.
To-night the city is in the hands of
a new municipal government and law
and order is being established. This
afternoon the Board of Aldermen re
signed one by one. As each Alderman
vacated the remaining elected a suc
cessor named by the citizens' commit
tee until the entire board was changed
legally. They resigned in response to
public sentiment. The new board is
composed of conservative Democratic
citizens.
The Mayor and Chief of Police then
resigned and the new board elected
their successors according to law. Ex-
Representative Waddell was elected
Mayor and E. G. Parmalee Chief of
Police.
The first act of the new government
•was to swear in 250 special policemen,
chosen from the ranks of reputable
white citizens. They are vested with
all the authority of the law, and will
take charge of the city. The citizens'
committee will remain on guard
throughout the town to prevent at
tempts at incendiarism. The new gov
ernment will devote its attention to re
straining recklessness among the
whites, as well as keeping down law
lessness among the negroes. Further
trouble of a general or serious nature
is not expected.
Soon after the meeting Mr. George
Rountree received a telegram from
Governor Russell saying that he would
use all his efforts to influence the
Mayor and City Council to resign if
that wouJd restore peace.
Mr. Rountree sent the following re
ply: "Mayor and Aldermen resigned. '
Two hundred and fifty special police
men sworn in. Law will be maintained
and peace restored."
Mr. Rountree is a prominent attor
ney here and a member of the Demo-,
cratic Congressional Committee.
The trouble in Wilmington to-day
commenced at 8:30 this morning: when
an armed body of citizens, numbering
about 400, and led by ex-Representative
Waddell, chairman of a committee of
twenty-five appointed for the purpose,
proceeded to the publishing house of a
negro newspaper, the Record, to wreck
it. The editor of this paper had pub
lished an article defamatory of white
women and a mass-meeting of citizens
yesterday demanded his expulsion from
the city within twenty-four hours and
. the removal of his press. Fifteen lead
ing negroes were called in by the com
mittee of twenty-five last night and di
rected to notify the chairman by 7:30
this morning whether they would agree
to the removal of the press. They were
told that if no answer was returned the
press would be demolished.
No answer was received by the chair
man this morning and after waiting an
hour the citizens proceeded in a* body
and demolished the fixtures of the
printing office. The building was also
firwd and gutted. The loaders say that
this action was the work of irresponsi
ble persons and as soon as the fire was
discovered the fire department was
called to extinguinh it.
The burning of the printing office
created a great commotion among the
INSURGENTS AND
SPANIARDS RESUME
THEIR WARFARE
General Wade Has iQterfered arjd
May Prevent Ar)y Further
Hostilities.
Special Cable to The Call an«s the New York: Herald. Copyrighted, 1888,
by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Nov. 10.— There was a narrow escape of a serious clash
between the Spanish and insurgent forces at Navajos, near Matan
zas, to-day. The Spaniards, because of illness of the men, had tem
porarily abandoned two blockhouses near railroad track, which
were taken possession of by insurgents under Dontln. Hearing of this
General Molinas sent a captain with seventy men to recapture the
houses. The Cubans prepared to resist and the good judgment of
the Spanish officers alone prevented bloodshed.
Gener.il Molinas ordered the captain to remain In camp until re
inforceme»ts reached him. -To-day Dontin telegraphed Betancourt, In
charge of the Matanzas division of the insurgents, for instructions.
The latter replied that he must hold his ground. Meantime Menocal,
chief of the fifth corpa of the insurgents, instructed Betancourt to
push forward cavalry reinforcements to Dontin.
"Word was sent to General "Wade last night and he ordered two
of his aids to go to Navajos tc bring about an understanding. Gen
eral Wade advises Dontin to yield to the Spanish demands. Similar
instructions have been sent to the civil governor of Matanzas from
the Spanish authorities.
The San Francisco Call
negroes of the town. The rumor spread
that the whites were going to burn and
murder in the negro quarter. This
rumor reached the negro employes of
a cotton compress, numbering 800 or
400, who quit work and hung about the
streets in manifest terror. Other par
ties congregated in the neero section,
and it was in one of these that the first
tragedy was enacted. The men were
standing on a corner and were ordered
to disperse. They declined, and, it is
claimed, fired into the whites.
A fusillade was immediately opened
upon them by the whites and three
negroes were killed. Two whites were
wounded slightly. One he«rro ran down
the street, and, passing a residence,
fired a rifle at William Mayo, white,
standing on the veranda, shooting him
through the left lung. This negro was
recognized, pursued and captured while
hiding under a bed. It is said he con
fessed to the shooting. He was riddled
with shot by his captors and killed.
In the meantime the town was In a
state of great excitement. The whites
rushed to the afreet from every direc
tion, the local militia company was or
dered out and a battalion of United
States naval reserves proceeded to the
vicinit-' of the trouble with a rapid
fire gun.
About 1 o'clock some negroes In a
house fired upon a passing party of
white men. The house was surrounded
and four negroes captured and tak
to the jail. One negro broke away ar.
ran, but was shot down and killed b
fore he had proceeded half a block.
During the afternoon there wt-i
other affairs of this kind and eight ne
i groes were killed during various times
I in the disturbed sections. Their names
| at this time are unknown.
As the news of the riot spread
through the neighboring cities they of
fered to send help, but all such offers
were declined, except in the case of
Fayetteville, from which town came
about 150 men. As night fell the town
was completely patrolled and guarded.
Very few negroes were on the streets
and they were not allowed to congre
gate anywhere.
The action of the citizens in organiz
i ing a new municipal government is ex
j pected to bring peace and order, and
mo rioting is expected to-night. It de
j veloped later in the day that the negro
j committee summoned last night had
j agreed to use their good omces to have
the press removed, although the editor
had disappeared and they had no au
thority on the premises. This letter
instead of being delivered to the chair
man of the committee of twenty-five
in person was put in the mail and did
not reach him until three hours after
the expiration of the time limit which
had been fixed for the reception of the
answer.
A crowd was formed to-night to take
from the jail and lynch two negroes,
Thomas Miller and Ira Bryant, who
were arrested to-day, charged with
making threats and were regarded as
dangerous characters. The Mayor, Col
onel Waddall, promptly prohibited the
assembling of the crowd at the jail and
he himself headed a guard of twenty
five men with Winchesters to guard the
j prisoners.
Another negro was killed to-night at
Tenth and Mulberry streets. He was
hailed by a guard, but refused to halt
and was shot by the guard.
Three companies of the State Militia
j will arrive during the night from
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
-A.T LAST!
EIGHT MASKED ROBBERS
LOOT AN EXPRESS TRAIN
FERGUS FALLS, Minn., Nov. 10.— Eight masked men held up the express train of the Great Northern road two
hours to-night while they robbed the passengers and blew open the safe in the express car with dynamite. The
robbery was committed five miles outside of the city, the robbers evidently having boarded the: train at this point.
As soon as well out of the station two b mdits climbed over the tender, covered the engineer and^Jreman with revol
vers and when nearing a lonely spot near Pelican River bridge, compelled them to stop and get out of the cab.
The conductor and flagmen came running up to learn the cause of delay, and the entire crew being rounded up,
were left in charge of two men armed with Winchesters. An attack was then made on the express car door, which
the messenger refused to open and it was blown off with dynamite. The shock of the explosion was so great that
the messenger was rendered unconscious, and could not use weapons, though he had a rifle in his hand and evi
dently had prepared to put up a fight. He was quickly carried out, where others of the crew were under guard. Two
robbers then set to work to blow open the safes, and four others with drawn revolvers went through the passengers in
the coaches, taking weapons as well as valuables from all. After getting all of value in the coaches two robbers
were left on guard, the others returning to help in the express car. The safe was a particularly good one or the
dynamite was not skillfully applied, as .five charges were found necessary to blow it open. When this was finally ac
complished the robbers took watches and money from the engineer and conductor, and escaped to the woods. The ex
press car was so badly damaged by the explosions of dynamite used to open the door and safe that it was some time
before it could be chained up (the front trucks being demolished) to enable the train to proceed to Carlisle, where
an alarm was given to the Sheriff and police of this city. Posses were immediately organized and a search for the
robbers instituted, but at 11 o'clock no arrests had been made. It is not known how much money was in the ex
press safe as all bills and other papers were either carried away or destroyed by the explosion.
neighboring cities and aid in maintain
ing order.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— A special
to the Post from Greenwood, S. C,
says: Five negroes lay dead at Re
hobeth all day along the roadside, an
other was killed to-day and likely four
others are dead and lost in the woods.
One white man was buried, three others
lie at the point of death and four more
have been wounded. Four heads of .
families have left the country and
armed troops of countrymen are scour
ing the country hunting other victims.
All of this is the outcome of an elec
; tic n riot.
Continued on Second Pace
MASO AND HIS
CABINET RESIGN
Cubans Preparing for
Self -Government.
MEETING OF THE ASSEMBLY
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE TO CON
TROL DURING RECESS.
Appointment of a Commission to
Confer With President Mc-
Kinley Begarding Pres
ent Conditions.
Special Cable to Th« Call and the Ifew York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by Jams* Gor
don Bennett.
SANTA CRUZ DEL SUR. Nov. 10.—
President Maso and the secretaries
representing the so-called Cuban re
public since October, 1897, presented
their resignations to the Cuban Assem
bly to-day and they were accepted. The
Government of the republic is now in
the hands of the Assembly.
At the session to-day Senor Gonzales
Lanuza presented a resolution to elect
an executive committee of five with
power to act during the recess of ths
Assembly. This committee, in con
junction with the permanent officers of
the Assembly, will take charge of af
fairs until the Cuban people elect a new
Government. The committee has not
been elected owing to the pressure of
other business.
Juan Gaulberto Gomez presented a
preamble and resolution regarding the
election of a commission to the United
States to present the true state of af
fairs regarding the actual condition of
Cuba to President McKinley. The pre
amble is a long document, exceedingly
well written, drawing a parallel be
tween Cuba to-day and the United
States at the close of actual hostilities
between England and the colonies. It
is full of historical facts and shows the
author to be a close student of Ameri
can history and institutions. Its de
ductions are logical and In accord with
American procedure in Cuba. Before
the vote to-day it was eloquently dis
cussed by Manuel Sanguilly, Freyre
Andrade, Rafael M. Portuondo, Gon
zales Lanuza and its author. No one,
after listening to the remarks of these
gentlemen who represent the Cuban
revolutionary sentiment, need fear any
act hostile to the United States on the
part of the Cuban army.
During all the sessions of the Assem
bly I have not heard one word reflect
ing on the honesty and good faith of
the United States respecting* Cuba. On
the contrary all elements, civil and
military, represented In the Assembly,
have nothing but pr # aise and gratitude
to the American people. The preamble
and resolution were adopted unani
mously and at to-night's session the
commission will be elected.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WILL PAY ONLY
FOR THE PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS
One Million for the
Philippines.
SPAIN'S SMALL INDEMNITY
PRESIDENT McKINLEY DETER
MINES UPON HIS COURSE.
The Dons Will Accept Bather Than
Take Chances on Also
Losing the Canary j,
- Islands.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Instead of pay-
Ing Spain $40,000,000 as indemnity
for the cession of the Philippine
Islands to the United States, President
McKinley intends to reimburse her
only for her debt of about $1,000,000
contracted for public improvements.
President McKinley and his Cabinet
have carefully noted that the sentiment
expressed throughout the country by
the elections has been in opposition to
the suggestion of indemnity to Spain
to the extent first proposed. As first
announced by the administration au
thorities, it was intended to give Spain
the principal of the entire debt floated
in the Philippine Islands as security
and amounting to $40,000,000. What
will be paid by the United States, ac
cording to the present intention of tha
President, is the debt contracted by
Spain for the establishment of light*
houses, harbor improvements and pub
lic buildings. All told, I was Informed
to-day this does not amount to a very
large r a, being fixed at about $1,000,
000.
It Is not believed in official circles
here that Spain will withdraw her Com
missioners from Paris. She has no de
sire to lose the Canary Islands, and I
understand she is apprehensive that in
case of the resumption of hostilities
the American Government would seize
and perhaps permanently hold them.
I was told by a high administration of
ficial that in case ~1 the withdrawal
of the Spanish Commissioners the
United States Government would com
plete the military occupation of the
Philippines, and would take such other
steps a.' it mijht deem advisable for
the protection of this country's rights
in the far East.
From Mr. Day the officials have
learned that the American Commis
sioners yesterday presented a reply to
the Spanish refusal to surrender the Is
lands and it is expected that now the
administration has been so satisfac
torily indorsed by the country, the
Spaniards will appreciate the hopeless
ness of their position and accede to the
demands of this Government.
APPALLING CONDITION
OF AFFAIRS IN HOLGUIN
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— W. R. War
ner, .writing from Holguin, Cuba, says
his arrival there with a portion of the
supplies on the schooner Moose oc
casioned much surprise on the part of
the 10,000 Spanish troops still in garri
son at that place. He made a super
ficial examination of the town and
found much smallpox. He estimated
the deaths at thirty a day for the army
and as many in the poorer quarters.
Every hut is infected, and women, chil
dren and men lie literally rotting to
death without the care of "even one
doctor."
The poverty, he declares, is beyond
description. "But," he adds, "the poor
devils are patient; they don't complain.
They are used to it, I suppose. The
Spaniards have harassed them so long
that nothing troubles them any more."
He speaks hopefully, however, and
says he will, upon the arrival of the
vaccine points shipped to him, begin
the work of vaccination.
HORDES OF BEDOUINS
ESCORT THE EMPEROR
Unique Display of Horsemanship and
Swordsmanship on the Route
From Damascus.
BAALBEK, Syria, Nov. 10.— Emperor
William and Empress Augusta Victoria
left Damascus this morning, lunched at
Palaka and arrived here this afternoon
after a four-hours rjde. They were es
corted by hordes of Bedouins, who kept
up a display of horsemanship and swords
manship along the entire route. Their
Majesties encamped in the ruins of the
Temple of Baal, and the Emperor un
veiled a marble slab, bearing a commemo
rative inscription in Turkish and German
in front of the Temple of Venus. All the
ruins were magnificently illuminated to
night. To-morrow morning their Imperial
Majesties will start for Beyrout, where
they will embarit for Trieste, Austria.
FRANCE ORDERS
MANY WARSHIPS
INTO COMMISSION
PARIS, Nov. 10.— The Matin
says that at a council of the ad
mirals, held yesterday, it was de
cided to fit out all the French
war vessels available and thirty
reserve ships have been ordered
Into commission.
The newspapers of this city,
notably the Gaulois and the Fi
garo, express satisfaction at the
Marquis of Salisbury's speech
delivered at the Guildhall ban
quet last night, which they con
sidered as tending toward a
peaceful solution of the misun
derstanding and as placing the
Fashoda question on its proper
ground-2
DEATH LURKS
IN CAMP AT
THE ISLANDS
Honolulu Re-echoes
With Dirges.
SUFFERING AMONG SOLDIERS
INADEQUATE FACILITIES FOR
CABIN G FOE THE SICK.
Hospitals Greatly Overcrowded and
the Force of Attendants En
tirely Too Small for the
Demands.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
• HONOLULU, Nov. The succes
sion of military funerals • that almost
dally pass with bugle dirge and lum
bering: procession of quarter"master's
wagons through the streets, so far
! from breeding the indifference which
the customary funeral does, engenders
more and more of concern in the pud
lie mind. This is manifested in vari
ous ways. It is a frequent topic of
conversation. The Board of Health
and the newspapers are deluged with
inquiries and suggestions regarding it.
j A report that thirteen graves have
been ordered dug in anticipation of
deaths expected at the military hos
pital, though not true, gained ready
credence.
The military hospital Is crowded.
Strict regulations in regard to visitors
have to be enforced in order to save the I
time and strength of the hospital force,
which is too small for the demands.
There are not enough nurses. The
nursing force does its best, but with
the number of patients it is unable to j
give each the attention he ought to j
have. - r ','; 1Y;-'.'•;■;,■1 V; -'.'•;■;,■
i Three deaths ensued October 30. The •
names of the dead are: Sergeant W. j
F. Goodrich, Company C, First New
York; Private George W. "Weiman,
Company B, Nebraska; Private Charles
Carter, Company G, First New York.
Goodrich was a native of Albany, N. !
Y. He was 27 years of age, and leaves I
a family in his home city. The re- j
mains have been embalmed and will be
returned to Albany.
The funeral of Charles Carter, priv
ate, Company G, First New York, was
held from St. Andrew's Cathedral yes- ;
terday morning at 10 o'clock. The ser
vices were conducted by Rev. Karl j
Schwartz, chaplain of the New York
Regiment. Company G, of which de
ceased was a member, attended in a
body. The regimental band led the
procession. The remains were placed
in a vault in Nuuanu Cemetery beside
those of Private Thompson. Both bod
ies will be shipped to the coast on the
Australia to-day.  •; '
As there has been much controversy
as to the number of soldiers' that have
died in Honolulu, the Star has obtained
a complete list, which has been fur- ;
nished through the medical authorities
in charge of the hospital. The four j
first names are of those soldiers who )
were left here by transports on the way i
to Manila, and were cases of typhoid
contracted on board ship. The deaths
of those belonging to the troops sta~
tioned here began August 2S, so they
extend over a period of about two
months, and amount to fifteen in all, of
which seven are from typhoid fever, or
nearly 50 per cent.
The list is as follows:
William Sullivan, typhoid fever, age
24; July 17.
C. H. Watson, typhoid fever, age 34;
July 20.
Isaac Strickland, typhoid fever, age
25; July 27.
William Patton, typhoid fever, age
22; August 4.
Ormond Fletcher, heart disease, age
S3; August 28.
William Weuster, typhoid fever, age '
24; September 2.
Walter Johnson, typhoid fever, age
S7; September 17.
Clarence H. Porter, septic infection,
age — ; October 2.
William Defrain, malarial fever, age j
18; October S.
Charles H. Thompson, consumption, j
age 22; October 15.
Thomas Beaver, peritonitis, age 23; |
October 16.
William T. Timberlake, typhoid fever, I
age 29; October 18.
Julius N. Miller, acute mania, age 22; !
October 20.
Thomas Hanna, electric wire acci- i
dent, age 28; October 23.
D. W. Dawson, typhoid fever, age 30;
October 24.
Webster McCarthy, tv-)hoid fever,
age 26: October 26. -'-i '■■■'-,
George W. Heiman, convulsions, age i
— ; October 29. 1
William Goodrich, typhoid fever, age j
21: October 30.
C. Carter, typhoid fever, age 21; Oc- ;
tober 30.
President Smith of the Board of I
Health stated that nothing had yet j
been heard from Colonel Barber in re- j
ply to the board's note calling attention
to the conditions at the camp. Work ,
of disinfecting and cleaning out refuse
has begun in earnest and is being ac- j
tively pushed forward. Fumigation is
being employed in many places. At
Camp Otis, for instance, the tents and
bedding of the men have been thor
oughly treated.
Thirty enlisted men of the First New ;
York, under the command of Major C. j
J. Chase, who recently resigned his
commission as major in the United
States army, will leave on the Australia '
for San Francisco. One of the men.
Sergeant A. E. Winter, has been dis
charged by tel — aphic instruction from ,
the Secretary of War, and others have
been granted furloughs on surgeons' J
certificates of disability.
On the Australia came orders from
Washington to discharge Private Wil
liam Odd], Company M. First New
York. Private pdell has been sick in
the Military Hospital for several days,
and when discharged therefrom will be •
handed his papers. He has secured a
position with the Hawaiian Electric I
Company. Odell, prior to his advent in ;
the army, was connected with the
Brush Electric Company of Albany,
N. Y. !
The troopships Valencia and Senator I
sailed for Manila yesterday afternoon,
with the Oregon, Washington and Cali
fornia Artillery and other troops.
To add to the troubles of the Arizona
the water tank burst yesterday and will !
have to be repaired before the vessel
can go to sea. It will take about four [
days to put it in order again. Present
indications are that the transport will
sail next Sunday for Manila.
Captain John Barnesson of the Ari
zona has given up the. command of that
vessel and gone to Seattle on the City of
Columbia, where business interests
calls him. He is succeeded in command
by First Officer C. W. Ames, who is
well known among ship masters, and is
well liked.
Captain A. W. Perry, chief quar- i
termaster in charge of the Arizona, has
made himself exceedingly well liked
'among the invalided soidierß the Arl- ;
zona brought back from the Orient. He
did everything in his power to make
them comfortable, and helped them to
regain health. His attentions to Wil
liam Conlan, a private of the Four
teenth Infantry, who died on the trip,
were most assiduous and commanded
the admiration of all on board. Conlan
was a San Francisco boy, only about
IS years old. His father is in Manila
now In the Third Artillery.
President Dole is of the opinion that
it will be necessary for him to make
a trip to Washington, probably in Jan
uary of next jear. This will be after
the report of the Hawaiian Commis
sion has been received by the President
and Congress. It was the request of
Mr. Cullom, chairman of the Commis
sion, that President Dole, as a member,
be in attendance at Washington during
part of the time at least that prospec
tive legislation was before the com
mittees of the Senate or House or both.
General King has been confined to his
room most of the time since Friday
with a severe vaccination wound on his
left arm. The incision has taken on a
serious aspect, there being a possibility
of blood poisoning.
President Dole, with the consent of
the Cabioet, has decided to appoint
Gardner K. W r i!der Judge of the Third
and Fourth Judicial circuits, to succeed
the late Judge E. G. Hitchcock.
SUDDEN" DEATH OF A
PIONEER AT SELMA
After Four Trips to Alaska Frank
Dusy Succumbs to Election
Excitement.
SELMA, Nov. 10.— Frank Dusy died at
bis home here last night of heart failure,
aged 61 years. He was on the streets all
flay yesterday, interested 1:1 the election
rrturns, and was in his usual health last
night until 10:3 ft o'clock, when he called
his son to go for the family physician.
Death came to the sturdy pioneer within
a few moments of the physician's arrival.
Mr. Dusy arrived from Alaska only
about two weeks ago. He went to Cooks
Inlet in 1595, where he secured valuable
mining property. The next season he
chartered a schooner and took out a pack
train and a party ot prospectors from this
section. He has made four trips to Alaska
and has taken out three schooner loads
of miners and investors. He expected to
return to Cooks Inlet in the spring.
Mr. Dusy's life has been an eventful j
one, ana his name is familiar to the pio
neers of this section of the State. Ho !
came to California in 1553 and engaged in
mining in Tuolumne County. Later he ■
came to Fresno County and located at
Fort Millerton before Fresno City was
thought of. For twenty years he was one i
of the biggest sheep owners in the valley, j
and held larpe tracts of land which are :
n^w the garden places of the irrigated j
section. During thte Mussel Slough
trouble Frank Dusy was active, and the .
Mussel Slough sufferers, wherever scat
tered, still remember him vividly. He
owned some of the best property in this i
section at one time and built one of the ]
handsomest residences in the county a i
f < w years ago on his ranch near Selma. I
Mr". Dusy married in 1572 at Stockton
Miss Cassfe Ross, sister-in-law of J. W.
Ferguson. Just elected Assessor. Five
children survive him. Funeral services
will be held here to-morrow under the
auspices of the Masonic, Odd Fellow and
A. O. U. W. orders. The remains will be
Interred at Mountain View Cemetery, ]
Fresno, where his wife was interred six
years ago.
NINE NEGROES SLAIN
IN STREETS OF
WILMINGTON
Continued from First Page.
Following is a list of the dead and
wounded:
J. I. ETHERIDGE, white, killed at
polls.
THOMAS TOLBERT, white, mortally
wounded at the same time.
WADE HAMPTON McKINNEY.
JAMES WILLIAMS,
DRAYTON WATTS,
LiUM JACKSON, all colored, killed
yesterday.
ESSEX HARRISON, colored.
BEN COLLINS, colored, killed to
day.
Wounded: Sidney Tolbert, 15 years
old, dangerously wounded; John It.
Tulbert, white, collector of the port at
Charleston and chairman of the Re
publican State Executive Committee,
wounded; Stuart Miller, white, mor
tally wounded In head; C. Fleming,
white, shot in shoulder; M. J. Younger,
shot in foot; Cleave Armstrong, who
tried to protect the negroes, shot in the
neck.
In addition to these, two and likely
four negroes are reported to be dead in
the woods near where the five bodies
lay to-day.
The trouble was precipitated on elec
tion day, when two or three hundred
pegroes at the polls opened a fusillade
at the store in which the voting was
going on. In this fight FAheridge was
killed and Tolbert wounded.
The second occasion for provocation
was that a party hunting the slayers
of Etheridere was fired into and one,
Miller, fatally wounded, and Fleming
badly hurt.
The arming of the negroes at the
polls, the killing of Etherldsre. the fir
ing from ambush, all conspired to kin
dle a name of passion and when that,
will die down is difficult to tell. Jesse
Williams and two others are said to
have confessed to taking part in th^
ambuscade.
The incident of thp day was the kill
ing of Essex Harrison. Down the roai
came a squad of mounted cavalrymen,
with Harrißon marching ahead with
guns and rifles drawn on him. Fifteen
men lined up on the roadside. The
negro was put out tot the road and told
to go toward the pile of four dead ne
groes. He started, there was a ring
of rifles and Harrison pitched forward,
dead. Harrison, it Is alleged, was a
member of the crowd that killed Ethe-
riciere. •
Parties were out searching all day for
the negrroes who, it was said, are ring
leaders In the rioting. The whites are
particularly incensed against all the
Tolberts, and hold them responsible for
the trouble. A party went to kill Tom
Tolbert. but some one prevailed on
them not to kill a wounded and dying
man.
CHARLESTON. S. C., Nov. 10.— A
special to the News and Courier from
Greenwood. R. C. says: News hns just
been received that the mob lynched an
other neisro near Phoenix this after
noon at 5 o'clock. His name was Jeff
Darling, and he was imnijrated in the
election riots and the killir- of Ethe
ridge.
NEGROES WANTONLY
FIRE UPON WHITES
Citizens of Fana, 111., Terrorized by a
Gang of the Imported
Miners.
PANA, 111., Nov. 10.— William Lynch,
who was employed by the Pana Coal
Company up to the time of the strike,
was shot at to-day by negroes and driven
into his house. Then they shot at the
house of a widow by the name of Mrs.
Mclntyre. who was taking care of her
sick daughter. Fortunately nobody was
Tho negroes in the vicinity known as
the F'.atham district came running and
began to shoot in all directions. They
kept this up until the soldiers arrived
upon the scene. When the shooting be
gan many women and children ran to
Captain Butler of Company B for pro
tection. Things are in such a state that
it is dangerous for any one to go out in
the mining district at night. The citizens
say if something is not done before long
there will be an outbreak ajid every negro
and operator will be killed. It was im
possible to arreFt any of the negroes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1895.
ARMY OPERATIONS
DURING THE YEAR
Report of Major-General
Miles.
SUMMER CAMPAIGN IN CUBA
HOW THE FALL OF SANTIAGO
WAS BROUGHT ABOUT.
The Capture of Porto Rico and the
Conquest of the Philip
pine Islands Re
counted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— The renort
of M-Oor General Miles, commanding
the United States army, was made pub
lic to-day by direction of Secretary Al
ger. Th keynote of the report is
found in ne of the opening sentences,
where it is said: "The military oper
ations during 1 the year have been ex
traordinary, unusual and extensive." a
statement which is fully borne out by
the long recital of important events
which General Miles shows have made
the military history of the year 189S the
most remarkable since th_- end of the
Civil War.
In point of Interest the document di
vides naturally into four chapters, for
while brief allusion is made to such
matters as the military expeditions to
Alaska, interest naturally centers in the
j portion which treats of the war with
j Spain.
Under this general head the report
; deals with the plans of campaign, of
| the war preparations, with the Santi
i ago campaign, with General Miles' od
| erations in Porto Rico, and lastly with
| important changes in the existing or
| ganization, which are in General Miles'
! opinion necessary to make the army an
'. effective weapon for the defense of the
1 country.
Treating of the war Genpral Miles be
1 gins with a statement of the unpre
paredness of the country, showing how j
! the vast equipment left by the million
soldiers of the civil war has been dis
sipated or had become obsolete until
the tentage. transportation and camp
equipage was insufficient for any im- !
portant military operation. He re- |
counts tho legislation of Congress just !
prior to the war, looking to the increase \
of the army, and cites his own recom- |
mendation on April 9, that 40,000 men j
be provided for coast defense and re- I
serve, that the regular army be in- j
creased ar.d 10,000 immunes recruited, i
making a force of 162,597 men, which,
with 50.000 native auxiliaries, he con
sidered sufficient. Such a force proper- I
ly equipped he believed to be better
than a large force partly equipped. In
the letter containing this recommenda
tion he said: "I also recommend that
at least twenty-two regiments of in- i
fantry, five regiments of cavalry and
light artillery be mobilized and placed
in one large camp where they can be
carefully ' and thoroughly inspected,
fully equipped, drilled, disciplined and
instructed in brigades ami divisions
and prepared for war service."
He further asks "for 50,000 volunteers ]
to make up an army of 150,000 soldiers
for offensive operations in Cuba, the ■
whole force to be fully equipped, leav- i
ing the State troops to defend the i
coast? and for a reserve."
General Miles said in his report that i
in the beginning the war problem was
purely a naval one, and he was con- I
vinced that should our r.avy prove su- ]
perior the position of the Spanish army
in Cuba would be rendered untenable
with a minimum loss of life and treas
ure to the United States.
Orders are referred to for the send-
Ing of the regulars to New Orleans,
Tampa and Mobile to begin the invas- ,
ion of Cuba; for the gathering of troops
at Chickamauga and for the movement
of 70.000 troops on Cuba, "but none of
these movements on Cuba material
lied," he says. "The want of proper |
equipment and ammunition rendered
the movement impracticable."
At this point there is a brief digres
sion whore, in a paragraph. General
Miles refers to General Merritt's Phil
ippine expedition, as organized and
equipped and conducted, as being sue- j
cespful in every way."
General Miles then pays an eloquent
tribute to the brilliant exploits of Lieu
tenants Rowan and Whitney, who se
cretly explored Cuba and Porto Ri<-o ,
and ascertained the military situations. !
He resumes the report with an ac
count of the dispatch of General Shaf
ter's expedition, Faying: "I desire to
go with this command." He also
stated: "This expedition has been de
layed through no fault of any one con
nected with it. It contains the prin
cipal part of the army, which for In- |
telligence and efficiency is not excelled
by any body of troops on earth."
After detailing the operations before
Santiago General Miles describes the
1 negotiations with General Toral for the
surrender and the capitulation of the
Spanish forces.
General Miles closes his report with !
: some earnest recommendations for th»
i improvement of the miTitarv service. He \
\ trusts the experience of the last few
! months will be valuable to the people and
!to the Government. The value of coast
defenses, he says, has been proven and j
I the system should be completed without
I delay. He favors the adoption of a stand
j ard of strength for the army to meet the
country's growth, and sugrgests that it
I be one soldier to every 1000 population,
! yielding a force of 62.759. He also recom
mends the authorization of an auxiliary
force of native troops In Cuba, Porto
; Rico and the PhiliDpines. to be officered
by United State? officers, and not exreed
'■■ iriff two soldiers for 1000 population of the i
I Islands, and all these increases, he urges, ]
I should be made at once.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— Pensions
have been issued as follows:
California— William MaHey. San Fran
cisco. $6; Mortimer F. Rogers. Veterans'
Home. Napa. $10; Paul Hamilton McClel
land, M^ndocino. $12; John F. Deemer.
San Francisco. $8; George A. Blackley.
Lemoore, $6; Sarah Fuller, Stockton, $S.
Increase — Thomas F. Davis. Sacramento,
$S to $12; Elias Bender, $8 to $12. Charles
Loughridee. Veterans' Home. Napa, $12;
Edward Grieves, Lodl. $S; Peter Jacoby,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6; George
W. Masen. Santa Ana. $6; John M. Drake.
San Jose. $6: Edward O. Hale, Veterans'
Home, Napa. $S to $12. Minors of John
E. Murphy. San Francisco. $14: Martha
J. Reynolds, Lodi. $8; Anna Hull, San
Diego $8; William R. Savage, Stockton,
$12: Isaac H. Stickler, Los Angeles, $8;
Cassius B. Hanna. Santa Rosa. $?!. Frank
WenUel, Oakland, $C to $12; Thomas Shar
man. Pasadena, $6 to $12.
Oregon— Frederick Lehman, dead. San
dy. $4 to $3; Adelhid Lehman. Sandy. $12.
"Washington — Cleveland T. Lathrop.
Fairhaven, $6; John Gleanham. Yelm, $6;
Millard A. Fillmore, Lyr.den. $6; Ander
son Houper. New Whatcom, $S: David H.
Wooley, Chelelah. $6: Richard S. Nicholls.
Seattle, $8: Elizabeth J. Dodd. Manor, $S.
Both Legs Broken in a Runaway.
LIVERMORE. Nov. 10.— While Almond
Wcymouth. a carpenter, and an old resi
dent, was out driving with his son yester
day, his horse became frightened and ran
away. Mr. Weymouth was thrown out of
the vehicle against a tree and both of his
legs were broken.
ARRIVALS FROM
COPPER RIVER
Excelsior Brings Many
• Passengers,
SEIZURE OF A YUKON FLEET
CANADIAN REMEDY FOR A
BREACH OF CONTRACT.
Captain Abercrombie of the Govern
ment Surveyors Tells of Con
ditions and Strikes in
Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— A report comes
from Dawson that the Canadian Gov
ernment has seized two steamers and
two barges of the Yukon River fleet of
the Boston and Alaska Transportation
Company for breach of contract. The
company, it is claimed, contracted to
deliver the ivernment goods in July,
but did not fulfill the contract until
September. Captain Blakeley of one of
the barges is supposed to be in jail at
Dawson, charged with broachir.s the
cargo. He is accused of making away
with a ouantlty of whisky belonging
to Donohoe & Co.
The steam schooner Excelsior arrived
here to-day from Copper River, Alaska,
with about 200 passengers, among
whom was Captain W. R. Abercrom
bie, U. S. A., and his party of Govern
ment surveyors, including F. C. Schra
der, geologist; Emll Marlow, topo
graphist, ajid nine enlisted men. The
Abercrombie party claim to have cut
a trail from Valdes to Copper River,
which does away with the dangerous
trip over the glacier and shortens
the distance sixty miles. Abercrombie
said:
"Of the 3000 ' that went into the Cop
per River country from nine to eieven
hundred will winter there. Those Who
came back either lost their outfits or
were grubstaked tenderfeet who simply
sat around camp and searched but lit
tle if at all for gold. There are three
placer mining camps in the interior, at
Lake Sealota, the Tonsina and Consina
rivers. Coarse placer gold has been
found at all of them. Bedrock has not
been reached yet on account of the
water. W. S. Amy of San Francisco
has discovered a big vein of bituminous
coal west of Teslin Lake."
Accompanying Abercrombie is the
United States Coast and Geodetic party,
consisting of H. P. Ritter, E. B. La
tham. H. S. Benson and several others,
who have been at work all summer on
the Copper River delta, procuring
complete maps and data. Th; delta is
about thirty miles wide.
CONGRESS REPUBLICAN
IN BOTH BRANCHES
Chairman Babcock Finds Graeifying
Results After Canvassing the
Returns.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Chairman
Babcock of the Republican Congressional
Committee has received authentic lutot
mation from every Congressional District
in the country except two, and makes
positive announcement that the Republi
cans have elected 185 members, the Demo
crats 163 and the Populists 7. The doubt
ful Districts are the Seventh Calirornia
and Twelfth Texas. Two districts in Ne
braska which Mr. Babcock claimed yes
terday he has conceded to the Populists,
to whom he has also conceded the xuird
Kansas District. He concedes the Seven
teenth, Nineteenth and Twenty-sixth
Pennsylvania districts to the Democrats,
but claims the Eleventh Illinois, one dis
trict in Kentucky, one in Minnesota and
the Ninth Indiana. Mr. Babcock stated
that the Nineteenth and Thirty-second
New York districts, which have been
given to the Democrats, might yet be
added to the Republican column. ''I
think," he said, "it is highly possible that
the soldier vote will give us these two
districts."
Mr. Habcock told me that the next
United States Senate will stand fifty-three
Republicans to thirty-seven opposition. hiH
party having elected Legislature" in Cali
fornia. Kansas. Nebraska, Wisconsin,
New York. New Jer«py, Delaware and In
diana, causing the Populists to lose two
Senators and the Democrats six.
LOST IN A STORM
ON LAKE MICHIGAN
The Schooner S. Thai Goes Down
With the Captain and Crew of
Three Men.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Water logged and
unfit to weather a storm upon the Lakes.
the S. Thai, a tramp two-masted schoon
er, foundered off Glencoe, In the gale of
Wednesday night, and went to pieces in
the surf. This morning the ■wreckage was
cast upon the beach, but no trace of the
crew has been found and it is thought
that all went down after cutting loose
from the wreck in the ships dory. The
schooner Is a total wreck. There are
scarcely two timbers left together to in
dicate her dimensions. That she founder
ed and went to pieces on the sand bars
some distance out in the lake is evidenced
by the wreckage which covers the shore
from Ravlnia to Wilmette, a distance of
nearly seven miles. The hull has disap
peared and Is supposed to be resting on
the bars Just in shore from where the
schooner was seen to drop anchor shortly
before the storm broke Wednesday after
noon.
On board the schooner were Captain J.
Schultman and a crew of three men.
ARMY OF OCCUPATION
TO EMBARK FOR CUBA
General Wade's Urgent Request That
the Troops Be Forwarded at
Once.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— A Washington J
special to the Herald says: An effort will j
be made to get the Eighth Cavalry off !
from Savannah to-morrow, but their em- j
barkation had bet-n set for an earlier
date and there is probability of further
delay. General Wade has made an urg
ent request that the troops be at Nuevi
tas and Puerto Principe by November If,
as those two points are to be evacuated
on November 22. and he wishes the United
States troops to be well established be
fore the evacuation. So General Carpen
ter's Brigade, composed of the Eighth
Cavalry, Fifteenth Infantry and Thini
Georgia, may he hurried forward.
Every precaution is being taken to
equip the camps in such a way as to
guard against fever. The authorities say
that this precaution is one of the causes
of delay in embarkation.
SHOT THROUGH THE HEAD.
A Missouri Hermit Found Murdered
in His Cabin.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10.— a special to
the Post-Dispatch from Columbus,
Mo., says: Thomas Hagens. 50 years
old and a well-known and eccentric
character, who lived about seven miles
west of here, alone, in a small cottage,
was found dead at noon to-day by La
fayette Rippe, who called at the house to
see him on business. After repeated
knocking he entered and found Hagena
seated at the table, dead, with a bullet
wound In the back of the head. It is
supposed he was murdered.
CREEK INDIANS
IN DEADLY STRIFE
Halfbreeds Attacked by
Fullbloods.
AT LEAST ONE MAN KILLED
NEARLY A DOZEN REPORTED
WOUNDED.
Serious Situation Growing Out of the
Ratification of the Agreement
With the Dawes Com
mission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUFALA, I. T., Nov. 10.— It is known
here that there has been fighting at
Okmulgee, the capital of the Cr^ek Na
tion, where the council met Tuesday.
For forty-eight hours rumors of
trouble have been drifting from Okmul
gee, which is forty miles off the rail
way and without telephone or tele
gTaph service. It is known, however,
that the full-bloods have made an at
tack on the treaty leaders at Okmulgee
and that at least one man has been
killed and seven or eight wounded. All
the Indian police at Agent Wilson's dis
posal have been ordered to Okmulgee
and soldiers will follow. The white peo
ple feel able to take care of themselves.
The only fear is for the half-breeds,
who voted for the treaty.
CHECOTAH, I. T., Nov. 10.— The
Creek returns are all in and show that
the treaty has carried. Twelve hundred
full-bloods stayed away from the polls.
The council is in session at Okmulgee.
The full-blood chief threatens to kill
the people who voted for the treaty.
Indian police were ordered by the agent
to Okmulgee. Chief Ishparreher threat
ens to burn the towns in the Creek Na
tion along the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas Railway. The Indians are very
restless.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.—Washing
ton officials have received no advices
confirming the reported serious situa
tion in the Creek Indian Nation, i
growing out of the ratification of the;
agreement with the Dawes Commission,
but they are not altogether surprised at
the stories. The full-bloods have all j
along fought+the negotiations, and it is j
regarded as natural that they are re- i
luctant to yield their possessions. No
recent reports from there indicate
threatened trouble, but the authorities j
are ready to take whatever action is
necessary on official notification of lh3 \
trouble. ______________
HOW THE HORSES RAN
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Results at Chicago, Cincinnati and
Nashville — Rain and Mud
Everywhere.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10. —Weather at Lakeside
rainy: track sloppy. Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Evallne
Bird, 4 to 1, won; Easter card, 4 tg i>, second;
Canace third. Trme. l:l3Vfc.
Second race, selling, mile and seventy yards-
Blue Dan, 20 to 1, won; Branch, 8 to 5, second;
Mocha third. Time. 1:54.
Third race, six furlong* — Canova, 4 to 1, won;
O'ConneH, out, second; Klr.K Bermuda third.
Time. I:I'JW.
Fourth race, selling, mile and seventy yar€» —
Hardly, 7 to 2, won; I-ooust Blossom, 2 to 1.
second; Patron third. Time, 1:51%.
Fifth race, five furlonga— Gold Fox, 4 to 1,
won; Boney Boy, out, second; Queen of. Song
third. Time, 1*
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth—
Swordsman, 6 to 1, won; Inconstancy, even,
second: Redskin third. Time, 1:57.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 10. — The track was
muddy. Summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Corealis
won, Sorrow second. Purity third. Time. 1:20.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Esta
brooks won, Jim second, Vlnictus third. Time,
1:15.
Third race, one mile, selling— Ranis won, An
nie second. Hush third. Timo, 1:50.
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur
longs—Great Bend won. Tom Collins sec6nd,
Gibraltar third. Time. 1:25.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Rose
Apple won, Schanken second. Miss Josephine
third. Time. 1:14.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Deyo won. Elu
sive second, Hampden third. Time, 1:4?,
NASHVILLE, Nov. 10.— Weather clcody;
track muddy. Results:
First race, five an.l a half furlongs, selling—
Glenalbyn won, Mamie Callan second. John
Boone third. Time, 1:21^.
Second race, two-year-olds, maiden, five
furlongs— Pefinace won, Nellie O'Neall second.
Royal Banner third. Time, l:06H-
Thir.l race, one mile — Gulderock won, Albert
S second, Farmllfe third. Time. 1:46.
Fourth race, seven furlong?, selling — Damo
cles won, Halton second, Carlotta third. Time,
1:35.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling—Water
crest wen. Hairpin second, Pinkey Potter third.
Tlroe, 1:32^-.
SLOAN IN FRONT AGAIN.
Twice Winner and Once Second at the
Liverpool Meeting.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The Liverpool
stakes, 400 sovereigns, at the Liverpool
autumn meeting to-day, was won by
Lord Farouahar's five-year-old horse
Nouveau Riche, ridden by Tod Sloan.
Eight horses ran.
The Alntree plate was won by Philo
pena. Captain Headworth Lamton's two
year-old chestnut colt Samanual, ridden
by Sloan, was second. There were eleven
starters in this event.
T. Corn's two-year-old bay colt Shep
herton, ridden by Sloan, won the Wyrdale
plate. The Shrewbread pelding was sec
ond and King of Hearts third. There
were thirteen horses in this race.
GOING TO CUBA.
Detachment of the Signal Corps for
Carpenter's Brigade.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala., Nov. 10.—Lieuten
ant Victor Shepherd and fifteen men of.
the signal corps left to-day for Savannan
to Join General Carpenter's brigade fo: -
Cuba.
Private Samuel Grady, Company K.
Eighth Infantry, died to-day of typli >id
fever. Privates Frank Carroll and Lewis
Johnson of Troop H, and Jesse Adams of
Troop K. Tenth Cavalry, were convicted
by a general court-martial of conduct
prejudicial to good order and ordered dis
honorably discharged, with imprisonment
at hard labor for one year.
NO TIME FOR BANQUET*.
Senator Morgan Busy With the Nic
araguan Canal Report.
MO-BILE, Aia.. Nov. 10.— Senator Mor
gan, who was to have addressed a meet
ing here to-night and who was booked as
the principal guest at a banquet of the
commercial men, has canceled his en
gagement, giving as his reason that the
Nicarauga report makes it imperative
that he should return to Washington im
mediately. The Senator has left Birming
ham for the capital and should reach
there to-morrow.
< DELAYED BY BROKEN WHEELS.
Mishap to an Eastbound Train Near
Port Costa.
PORT COSTA, Nov. 10.— A broken pair
of wheels under a tourist 6leeping car de
layed eastbound overland train No. 3 one
hour and forty-five minutes at Hercules,
cix miles west of here, this evening. The
brakes on the tourist car failing to work
properly caused the wheels to become
heated, and both wheels on the front end
of the head truck broke in two. Tho
passengers were transferred to another
car and a wrecking train from OaJcland
came out to place the car on tho track.
No one was injured.
FATHER DOHERTY
ENTERS A MOST
VIGOROUS PROTEST
Coroplains to Geoeral Otis About
the Conduct of Certain
An)ericao Soldiers.
Tbe Paulist Priest Alleges Trjat tbe Reserved
Precincts of a Convent Cloister Were
Forcibly Entered.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence o* The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 29.— There has been
so far little of the religious element in
troduced by the Americans into the
war in the Philippines. It is true that
we have found here a somewhat com
plicated religious situation. I believe
firmly nothing like it has been seep, in
modern times, the priests of both the
Spaniards and the Tagallos, acknowl
edging the same head, being even more
bitter against each other than the lay
men of their respective followings. It
is likewise true that some of the less
reputable of the Spanish priests have
been suspected, with what justification
I have been as yet unable to ascertain,
of striving to stir up the natives
against the Americans. The Arch
bishop of Manila at all events has been
no party to these alleged plots. That
prelate, a man of more than ordinary
talent and of most commanding pres
ence, has personally assured me of his
belief that the only hope of the church
here lies in the stability of the govern
ment, and that the only hope of sta
bility lies in permanent American oc
cupation. The clergy, all that is good
in it. share his views as a matter of
course. In view of the existence of
this spirit it is most unfortunate that
there should have occurred an Incident
; which is most properly characterized in
the following open letter from the
Paulist Father Doherty to Major Gen
eral Otis:
MANILA. Sept. 28, IS9B.
Maj. Gen. E. S. Otis, Military Governor
Philippine Islands— Dear Sir: On the 21st
inst. an officer of the commissary depart
ment, said to be Captain Lynn, with a
detail, entered the College of St. Cath
erine, Manila, and. with the ostensible
purpose of verifying the commissary sup
plies within, the party intruded them
selves upon the reserved precincts of the
convent cloister, and even into the cells
or sleeping rooms of the nuns. These acts
were accompanied by demands to open
the doors in the lattice between church
and cloister, a door which is never
opened, except to admit the passage of
the blessed sacrament to the sick or
dying. The nuns protested as best they
could against, this needless humiliation,
but after the threats of the officer to blow
or burst It open, the door was, to no pur
pose, unlocked. - ■ '-. - ; * '-•*.'. ■ ' '
. In the days of the Know Nothing move
ment in • Massachusetts, a malodorous
body came into legislative existence, the
mission of the organization being the
gratification Of » prurient- curiosity under
the guise of convent investigation. Though
dead, they are not forgotten, and the
nama of the -Smelling Committee.'
causes goood folks in New England, even
until to-day, to hold their nostrils.
They are not forgotten, for their works
follow them, and it is evident that the
mantles of these worthies have fallen
naturally upon the shoulders of the afore
said offenders of the present day. to
whom neither womanly reserve nor re
ligious consecration seem to be sacred.
There are duties which, though painful,
are necessary, and. when performed at
the hands of a gentleman, acting under
proper authority, and observing due for
mality, are acknowledged by the weaker
party with due submission. But when
unnecessary and officious interference is
imposed upon a refined, reverent and
peaceful people, and is accompanied by
brusaueness of manner and brutality of
method, it is high time for some one to
protest, and this I do as an American cit
izen In the name of a people not given to
warring upon women nor upon religion,
in the name of thousands of Catholics
here on this expedition, soldiers, faithful
to their duty and obedient to your com
"? trust that an investigation will be fol
lowed by such an example as will allay
the apprehensions of the injured ones,
and that some officers may be brought to
realize that their position not alone gives
power and entails responsibility, but also
exact* such consideration for the feelings
of those whose sensibilities they cannot
appreciate that, in a way. such abuses
may be avoided in the future. Respect
fully yours, FRANCig B DOHERTY.
Priest of the Congregation of St. Paul the
Apostle. -. : -V^- '■
What action will be taken in the mat
ter remains to be- seen. The authorities
are expected, however, to act promptly,
and General Otis has not shown a dis
• ADVFRTISEMENTS. __.--■-_.■. .-'.---. I
Only a few years ago city as well as out-of-town buyers avoided the
city front when making purchases. Things have changed and are changing
all the time, good buildings are going .up. not only on Market street, but
on other streets near the water, front. Some of the best restaurants In
town are on Market, within two blocks of the bay, and the best general
store on the Pacific Coast is almost at the foot of Market street. All car
lines center there. A single fare from any part of the city reaches it.
Crowds find this remarkable place every day. No wonder, when the prices
' are considered. "We quote only a few here:
HOME CIRCLE—
This is our general price list. November
number now ready. Any father or mother
who cares for the beet interest of the fam-
ily would be Interested in looking it over.
Are you? Stop and get a copy or send.
TOYS—
These are coming In by the wagon-load.
Will you help us to dispose of them now
before the rush enmea? We'll hide em
for you till ChrUtmas. Almost everything.
Dealers supplied. _
UNDERWEAR—
Complete lines for men, women or chil-
dren No house anywhere attempts to sell
such' value for the money. Couldn't do it.
We buy direct from the mills and pay on
day of shipment. Men's gray ribbed winter
weight. 35c.
GROCERIES—
You will find these in Immense supply on
first floor.
SET OFF TO SELL. j^ iilflPl I £*'
Girls" 75c Straw or Braid Hat 5....... 10c V^l Bl I ■ lI V^
Boys' Wagons, -steel "wheels and. body... Jl fl\ mA m m fN EM *\. f^ IT"
Lard, best we know of .lo lbs.. 75c U. rm£fe 1-3 %S gi 13 ?>
Sleeping Robes for Alaska trade ....15 •«W ■■ **? I \J F\ K»
Chaiiber Kettles. 60c kind.. ..:..........:.. 250 _■_ m _• - _7
C Store open until Bp. m." Saturday nJght. QK.Q7 MaPket St., S-F»
position to let grass grow under his
feet since coming out here. He is a
man of action— and he does not seem
possessed of that snrae wild desire to
leave Manila which General Merritt
displayed so openly. Possibly there is
no young woman to act as a magnet,
drawing the general commanding back
over thousands of miles of^blue waters.
REEVES BECOMES
A BRIGADIER GENERAL
Army Men Believe, However, That
Colonel Smith Was More En
titled to Promotion.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Speria! Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 21.— There is another
brigadier general In this army. Really,
you know, if this kind of thing Is to go
on there will be more brigadier gen
erals than there are regiments to be
commanded. They have already gone
beyond the number of brigades, and
still Colonel Smith of the First Cali
fornia, the one man whose gallant ser
vice in the field should entitle him to
promotion, has not been given the star*
he has so richly deserved. Colonel I
Reeve of the Thirteenth Minnesota ia
the new man to step up. and it puzzles
us all down here to grasp the system
used in playing the political military
game at Washington. A scheme that
! gives the most to the men who de
| serve the least, and gives nothing at
all to the most deserving Is, we own, |
too deep for us. There is not a regu
lar army man here, not a naval man
acquainted with all the facts, not a
newspaper man on the ground compe
tent to judge of conditions but will tell
you James F. Smith of San Francisco
earned his promotion on the 31st of
July, and earned it over again when ha
led the men of his regiment down the
Calle Real through Hermita and Ma
late on the 13th of August, the first
to reach the gates of the walled city
and to pass thence down into the Es
coita and Malacanan. James F. Smith
is pleasantly overlooked, like a white
chip, and men are promoted whose only
possible claim to honor lies In -the fact
that it is probably good politics to ad
vance them. Colonel Reeves of Min
nesota is a good fellow, as good fellows
go, but they who were on the right
with McArthur when Manila fell tell
strange tales of how the Astor Bat
tery's support failed, and how the
Americans would have been repulsed
there, despite the splendid success of
the Coloradansand Calif ornians and the
Twenty-third and Eighteenth regulars
before Malate if it had not been for
the gallantry' of the Astor Battery boys
themselves and of the Third Artillery '
and the Fourteenth regulars; and they
are army officers who tell these tales,
men whose word is their bond. The
Minnesota Regiment, Colonel Reeves
commanding, was in the first line of
the support of the Astor Battery. One
company of the Minnesota Regiment,
or, rather, forty-six men of one com
pany, headed by their captain, were
found, two hours after the white fla?
was flown from the citadel, crouched
down up to their necks in the water
covering a paddy field.
CHARLES S. COUSINS DEA7.
Pioneer Resident and Ex-Recorder of
Contra Costa County.
MARTINEZ, Nov. 10.— Charles S. Cous
ins died to-day. He was a- native of Kv9
York, aged 67 years and a pioneer resi
dent of this city. For twelve years ha
was -J^eorder of Contra Costa County.
He leaves a widow, a descendant of the
Spanish Martinez family. Funeral ser
vicos will be held Saturday under the
auspices of the Masonic fraternity, of
which the deceased was a distinguished
member. The remains will be conveyed
on a special train to San Francisco for
interment in the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STOVES—
And Hardware are great lines. Not so many
stoves &a some, but so good and so cheap.
WEB you tell us what kind or shall we send
hardware catalogue? Small cock stoves for
a few dollars only.
THINGS TOTEAT—
Multitudes of these. Is your health not
good? Or your appetite peer? Try our
Hygienic Bread and Biscuits, our Home-
made Pies; Doughnuts; our Sausage; our
Eastern Mackerel or Pressed Fowl; a hun-
dred things or. the delicacy counter to
please and profit you.
SHOES—
We've a!way» had a good shoe trade. Have
doubled the size of shoe room thia month
anJ would like to double the shoe traJe.
Ladles' good style Sunday wear. H 35 up.
DRY GOODS—
W« pride ourselves on this line, especially
everyday domestic dry good*. Are big
buyers and big sellers, but at l!tt!e prices.SEMI-OFFICIAL COUNT
SETTLES ALL DOUBTS
Complete Returns on the Municipal Ticket Can
vassed by the Registrar's Experts.
The returns are all In. Registrar Biggy
has made a semi-official canvass and has
announced the result on the cit-- ticket.
Defeated candidates are now figuring how
It happened; the successful ones are re
ceiving congratulations. With the ex
ception of one Justice of the Peace and
three School Directors the list of success
ful candidates published in yesterday's
Call remains unchanged. The estimates
yesterday were based on returns from
259 of the 303 precincts. The fourteen pre
cincts returned yesterday changed vic
tory into defeat for A- J. Fritz (D.). who
was believed to have succeeded G. W.
F. Cook (R.). Justice Cook overcame
Fritz's lead and won by 654 votes. P. A.
Bergerot. Charles P. Eells and Dr. H. E.
Gedge are elected School Directors in
place of J. M. Thomas, William M. Can
non and A. A. Cavagnaro, wbo were con
ceded a victory by the incomplete re
turns. The complete vote on the munici
pal ticket follows:
ABSEJMBLT
DISTRICT.
a
re
9
i
P
2.
g
Twenty-eighth !
Twenty-ninth
Thirtieth
Thirty-first
Thirty-second
Thirty-third
Thirty-fourth
Thirty-fifth
Thirty-sixth
Thirty-seventh
Thirty-eighth —
Thirty-ninth .....
Fortieth i
Forty-first
Forty-second .............
Forty-third
Forty-fourth
Forty-fifth ~. -.....—..-.
2.
U
i,
1.151
1,421
1.351
2,367 82 |
3,102 89
3.830 76]
2,7U 77
4.257 98
4,128 66
5.701 44
3,636 79
3.879 65
3,491 66
2,738 49
2,409 57
2.647 39
1.766 50 j
55,107 1,311,
1.118
, 96S
1.35 a;
1.664 j
; 1,274
I 1.600
I 2.052
i 1.35S
2.341
2,180
1.968
1.826
2.063
1.731
I 1.292
; 987
; 1,193
798
28.187
1.671
1.708
1.774
1,366
i 1,327
Totals _„„.....
Mayor.
Olltw EJver«tt, B. L I.SKI
Charles L. Patton, R 24.515
James D. Phelan. D ~ 28,187
Auditor.
Ji. 8. Cbadwlck, S. L. 3,125
ohn H. Grady, D 21.970
Asa R. Wells, R 28.082
Assessor.
"Washington Dodge, D W. 178
L. Miller. S. L 1.499
John D. Siebe, R 21.788
Sheriff.
Theodore F. Bonnet, D 28,384
J. H. Hall. 3. L 1,560
Henry S. Martin. R ......28,922
Tax Collector.
James N. Block. D — ~.-~_- -83,706
W. D. Lambert, S. L ~ 2.194
Edward I. Sheehan. R ...... ..26,977
Treasurer.
A. H. Appel. S. L 2.128
M. Greenblatt, D 23.833
I. J. Truman, R 26,274
Recorder.
A. C. Berthler. R —~- 24,654
E. Chamberlin. S. L 2.734
Michael Meager, D 23,722
County Clerk.
John A. Brown, D 22,067
"William A. Deane, R. 29.143
W. Hefferin. S. L 1,773
District Attorney.
Barclay Henley. D., N. P 23.773 1
Daniel J. Murphy. R 27,440
Attorney and Counselor.
TV. F. Fitzgerald, R 24.720 !
Franklin K. Lane, D ~ 25,622
Coroner.
William J. Hawkins, R 16,929
Edmund E. Hill, D 18.795
C. C. ODonnell. Ind 16,552
Public Administrator.
John A. Prinkhouse, R 21,189
E. L. Fitzgerald, D 18.128
A. C. Freese, Ind ~ 12,073
H. A. Hall, B. L ~. 1.601
Surveyor.
Bernard Blenenfeld. D 23,049
Charles S. Tiiton, R 28.324
Superintendent of Public Streets.
Thomas Bersrord, S. L 2.343
Richard P. Doolan. D 24.667
Martin F. Fragley, R 25.765
Superintendent of Public Schools.
R. S. Anderson, Ind 2,210
James Dcnman, D 15.450
J. J. Nod. S. L 1.817
R. H. Webster, R 29,309
Judges of the Superior Court.
Rhodes Borden, D 25,615
John B. Carson, R 17.744
Henry N. Clement, R 17,493
Davis Louderback. R 19.266
Frank J. Murasky. D 26.033
Horace W. Philbrook, Ind 9,981
James M. Seawell, D 25,992
James M. Troutt, R 27,786
William T. Wallace. D 24,186
Judges of the Police Court.
William G. Burke. D 17,868
Charles T. Conlan, D 30,807
Finlay Cook, D 18.310
Thomas F. Graham. R 26.604
Henry L. Joachimsen, R 22.512
Charles A. Low, R 24,524
Edmund P. Mogar., D 26.683
Alfred B. Treadwell. R 25,409
Justices of the Peace.
J. E. Barry. R 27.234
Frank J. Burke. D 19.741
George H. Cabaniss, D 15.783
John A. Carroll. Pop 7,478
G. W. F. Cook. R 21.341
Thomas F. Dunn. R 20,495
Alfred Fritz. D 20,687
G. C. Groezlnger, R 25,786
Frank H. Kerrigan, R 25.540
Hull MoClauKhry, D 15,869
Leonard Stone, D 19.652
William Tomsky, Ind 3,685
Supervisor — First Ward.
Edward Holland. R 27,970
T. B. W. Leland. D 19.557
A. McKechnle. S. L 1,751
Supervisor —^Second Ward.
Edward C. Kalben ' R 27,719
Theodore Krause, S L 2.455
Stewart Menzies, D 21,722
Supervisor — Third Ward.
Louis de F. Bartlett, D 21.482
Howard Black. R 27.360
M. B. Leites, S. L 2,098
Supervisor — Fourth Ward.
William E. Ccstley, S. L 2.170
E. 1- Perrault. X 2»;,842
Osgood Putnam, D 21,742
Supervisor — Fifth Ward.
D. A. Bean, S. L 2,272
Isidor Gutte, D 23,382
William H. Phelps, R 25,174
Supervisor — Sixth Ward.
David Barry, Ind 14.122
John Lackmann, 11. and D 34.K4
Carl Prazak, S. J 2,u7y
Supervisor — Seventh Ward.
Lewis F. Hyington, D 23,892
Peter A. Kearney, R 23 816
F. Schiller, S. I 2i654
Supervisor — Eighth Ward.
George W. Collins, R 27 940
CarJ E. E. Peterson, S. L 2 476
Julius Platshck, i) 20,725
Supervisor — Ninth Ward.
Charles Gildea. D 18,852
Alb.Tt Heyer, R 29 960
T. McGinty, S. L 2,124
Supervisor — Tenth Ward.
Jeremiah Deasey, D 24.650
M. Hansen, S. L 3,04»i
J. P. McMurray, R 82,197
Supervisor — Eleventh Ward.
Arthur Attridge, R 2G.260
Charles A. Clinton, D 22 869
August Muller, S L 2,119
Supervisor — Twelfth Ward.
Ed H. Aigeltinger, R 30,083
P. F. Butler. D -. 18,693
Paul Hartmann, 8. L 2,230
School Directors.
Benjamin Armer, N. P ".637
George R. Armstrong, R 24,173
P. A.. Bergerot, R 19.1**
H. Bernard. S. L. 3.370
Miss M. Boyer. S. L 4.393
H. U. Brandenstein. D 20,881
C. F. Buckley, C. R... 13.640
Henry H. Burfeind, C. R 13.09?
William M. Cannon, D «,80j>
A. A. Cavagnaro, D '. 1^,029
Jason B. Cole, R 15.933
John J. Conlon. R 20, <33
P. J. Conran, D 15.022
John Dooley. S. L 3,292
Charles P. Eells. D li>lK '
Alfred Eichler. D 16.050
D. J. Ellis, S. L 2.876
H. E. Gedge. R W. 236
Edwin L. Head. R 24,193
Miss C. Hecht, S. L . 3. if}
H. M. Holbrook, R 24,<11
Henry Inskipp. S. L 2.284
D. F. Keefe. D 15.1J6
William A. Kemp, R 20./28
George H. Lent, X) "■ff.S
Timothy J. Lyons, D lg'°3o
11. Macmahon, S. L 2.602
J. I. Manson. R 18.032
J. W. C. Maxwell, D lg.°j«
A. J. Mervr. S. L 2.301
Francis Pope, D H'ZiZ
C. S. Solomonson, S. L 2,330
L. A. Sanderson, D 14 ,-ri
C. Schinkel, S. L 2.319
A. J. Sivell. S. L 2.091
W. G. Stafford. R 22.464
Vanderlynn Stow, R 20,781
H. Strunsky, S. L 2.39 d
J. M. Thomas. R 18,142
Treasurer.
(Unexplred term.)
I. J. Truman, R 25,696
M. Greenblatt, D 202
Attorney and Counselor.'
(I'nexplred term.)
la. J. Welch, D 214
Judge of Police Court.
(Unexplred term.)
Edward M. Sweeney, R 20,535
E. P. Mogan, D. 1.989
School Directors.
(Unexpired term.)
C. F. Buckley, C. R 16.633
Charles P. Eells, D 11,955
CITY GAVE GAGE
A MAJORITY OF 3460
Official Returns Show How Voters
Felt About the Single
Tax.
Capitulated returns of the vote for Gov
ernor by Assembly districts follow:
2
E
s
c
C
X
I
P
r
«-
a
ASSEMBLY
DIBTTUCT&
o
o
f3
B
i
P
p
2
3
»
p
p
3
Twenty-eighth
Twenty-ninth
Thirtieth
Thirty-first
Thirty-second
Thirty-third
Thirty-fourth
Thirty-fifth
Thirty-sixth
Thirty-serenth
Thirty-eighth
Thirty-ninth
Fortieth
Forty-first
Forty-second
Forty-third
Forty-fourth
Forty-ftfth
2.3131 1.104 8S
2.438J 1.122 118
2,837! 1,165 110
2.533J 1.13H 109
2.370! 1.021 79
«.I<lß| 1.498 108
3.524 1.892! 99
2.655 1.4091 751
4,272 2.081 111
4.12S 2.193 56
3.703 2.046 P7
3.377 1.845 75
3.87« i 2.248 M
3,606j 2.180; fioi
2,691, 1,577 66 i
2.402' 1,341 53
2.652; 1.348 49
1,767 b37 50
54.36528,035 1,401
i 1.068 11
I 1.251 7
» 1.315 4
' 1.554 4
i 1,217 7
1.440 5
1,785 10
i 1.192, 9
2.018 1 15
1.824 5
1.645 7
I 1.467 11
1.514 16
. 1,304 4
i 1.081 3
95« 5
1,189 4
825 9
24.675 13«
Totals !
With the exception of one precinct—
the Eleventh of the Twenty-ninth Assem
bly District— the complete vote In the city
on the State ticket is as follows:
Governor.
Henry T. Gage. R 25.035
James G. Magulre, D 24,575
Job Harrlman, S. L 1,331
J. E. McComas, Pro 243
Lieutenant Governor.
James Andrew, S. L 6,687
Edward L. Hutchison, D 21,847
Jacob H. Neff, R 29,054
Robert Summers, Pro 235
Secretary of State.
Charles F. Curry, R 21,632
Emil Lless. S. L 2,100
R. A. Thompson, D 27.949
J. W. Webb, Pro .* 496
Controller.
Edward P. Colgan, R 28,195
T. L. Hierllhy, Pro f ( l4
T. W. Maples, D 20.740
John Robertson, S. L 2,374
Treasurer.
E. M. Dewey, S. L 2,367
Will S. Green, D 22,70)
Truman Reeves, R 26,220
C. B. Williams, Pro 427
Attorney General.
H. P. Andrews, D 21,652
J. H. Blanchard. Pro
Tlrey L. Ford, R 27,298
A. F. Strawn-Hamilton. S. L
Surveyor General.
I. H. Mulholland. D 21,698
J. George Smith, S. L 2,239
Green Spurrier, Pro 687
Martin J. Wright, R 26,920
Clerk of Supreme Court.
Lemuel D. Biddle, S. L 2,251
W. P. Fassett, Pro 579
H. A. McCraney, D 20.053
George W. Root, R 29,304
Superintendent Public Instruction.
P. P. Gallagher, U. L 1494
Thomas J. Kirk, R 27,152
Fanny M. Pugh, Pro 682
Christian Runckle, D 20,302
Jane A. Roulston, S. L 2,077
Superintendent State Printing.
Leroy S. Atwood, Pro 465
A. Contl. S. L 1,915
Alfred J. Johnston, R 25.985
E. I. Woodman, D 23,625
Justices of Supreme Court.
William M. Conley, D 25 403
Thomas 15. McFarland, R 21656
T. M. Stewart, Pro '824
Robert Thompson, Pro 1096
Walter Van Dyke. D 23 698
William C. Van tfleet, R '. .'.'.2u',£>S
CONGRESSMEN.
Fourth District
James H. Barry, D 11,994
Julius Kahn. R 13.625
Joseph Kelly, I. D n.«9
W. f. Martin, S. L 99S
Fifth District
William Craig, D 11,473
E. T. Kingsley, 8. L 916
Eugene Loud, R - 12.511
Board of Equalization.
John P. Dunn, D ! 24,278
J. G. Edwards, R 26,248
BailroAd Commissioners.
William M. Hinton, D... 24,541
Charles S. JLaumeister, R 25,719
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Twenty-Eighth
E. W. Carpenter, S. L. 150
Patrick Graham, R 933
Lawrence Hoey, D 973
Twenty-Ninth
C. F. Kennealy, R 1.085
Stephen B. Nolan, D 848
H. F. Sahlender, S. L 121
Thirtieth
Louis A. Devoto, R 1.868
Edward Hanrahan, D 1436
F. Morf, 8. 1* • 149
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
THE STATE VOTE.
VOTE IN 1898.
VOTE 1896.
JUSTICES OF SUPREME COURT.
COUN-
TIES.
4
: X
: »
• v
'. "i
. c.
i
s
I
I
I
3
<*
V
3
I
COUNTIES.
t
s
o
I
2. I S . -.b.\
* Eg
» a -
I ;§* 2
* ■ » ?
• . <» . ••
: n . '.
22.144 13,429 8.894
79 40 39
2.702 1.144 1,398
4,259 2.075 2.120
3.095 1,541 1.359
1,990 581 1,406
3,440 1,834 1.376
CTO 345 323
2.567 1,130 ' 1.676
6,648 2.686. 3,767
1,305 479 825
6,611 3,142 2,465
834 286 532
3,235 1,430 1.755
1.535 673 862
1,453 546 846
974 420 628
33,763 16,891 16.131
1,206 452 742
2,360 1,448 874
1,425 663 ' 82?
4.215 2.093 2.114
1.780 653 1,122
915 300 588
611 259 815
4.032 1.87S 2.149
3.573 2.032 1.472
4.373 1.985 2,330
3.795| 1.9321 1,715
I 3,650 1,890 1,720
I 1,2461 678 668
I 3.P18 2.063 1,681
I 9.811 4,600 4.577
! 1,720 729 956
] 5.9991 2.818 2,737
7.998 3,031 .8,893
63.0571 31,041 30.649
7.076 3.500 3,500
3.954 1.671 2.055
2.768 1.607 982
' 8,9661 . 2.004' 1,911
1 12.270 6.315 5.191
I 4,221 1,969 1,960
' 3. 37.' 1 1,210 1,934
I 1,245 707 628
I 3,: 4 1,473 1,734
6.055 2,702 2.284
I 8.075 4.053 3,580
i 2.462 1,007 1.338
1.542 796 713
2,106 969 1,126
1.056 602 515
4.159 1,410! 2.667
2,333 8341 1,233
3.175 1.653 1.464
! 3.296 1.485 1.761
! 2.248 1,204 1,007
| I
300,019 146. 658 144.766
3
o
E
9
|
0
B
i
a
n>
a
COUN-
TIES.
v
iff
• m
: n
• !»■
'■ 9
'. 1
■ ■ a
2
<
a
Ci
I
< S < Q
0a 5 I
35 S 3
f ■ ■■ I ;l ?
fi » ■'-■? I
a
3
5"
I
3
s
I
p.
s
i
i
i
Alameda .
Alpine ....
Amador ..
Butte ....
Calaveras
Colusa ...
C. Costa...
Del Norte.
El Dorado
Fresno ....
Glenn
Humb'dt .
Inyo
.Kern
Kings ....
Lake
Lassen . . .
L. Angeles
Madera ...
Marin |
Mariposa .
Mend' co ..
Merced ...
Modoc ....
Mono .....
Monterey
Napa
Nevada ..
Orange ...
Placer ....
Plumas ..
Riverside
Sacram' to
San Benlto
S. Ber'do.
San Diego
S. Franc o
S. Joaquln
S. L. Obpo
San Mateo
S. Barbara
B. Clara..
S. Cruz...
Shasta ....
Sierra ....
Sisklyou .
Solano ....
Sonoma ..
Stanislaus
Sutter ....
Tehama . .
Trinity. ...
Tulare ...
Tuolumne
Ventura ..
Yolo
Yuba
4.
I
I
1.
V
3.1
2.
3.1
7<?S
738
2.707
ana
3UB
2,414
1.911
1.268
1.875
1.831
LI4T
7.726
"sivf
807
1,841
I. 1
"«(
74!
1.706
1,758
""■■7o4
844
482
1.011
1,587
""696
2,956
352
1,507
I£l
798
637
459
399
9,817
118
456
82
606
668
207
174
1.613
751
335
1.195
1.254
482
344
8,315
136
1.836
2,782
27,949
2,529
1.818
' 469
1.377
4.470
1,269
330
194
483
2,036
2.519
313
678
966
Alarneda ...
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calaveraa
ColuEa
Contra Costa
Del Norte.....
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Lansen
Los Angeles
Madera
Marin
Mariposa
Mendoclno
Merced
Modoc
Mono
Monterey ................
Napa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
San Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Joaquln
San Luis Oblspo
Pan Mateo
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara :..
Santa Cruz
Shasta
Sierra
Sisklyou ••
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tehama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
Yolo
Yuba
22.
2."
4.:
L;
33.
8,1
! 16, 891 1
1,
2, <
3.
1.
Alaineda .
Alpine
Amador ..
Butte
Calaveraa
Colusa ...
C. Costa...
Pel Norte.
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humb'ldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Lassen . . .
L. Angeles
Madera ..
Marin
Mariposa .
Mendoc'o .
Merced ...
Modoc
Mono
j Monterey .
Napa
Nevada . .
Orange ...
Placer ...
Plumaß •■
Riverside .
Sacram'to
San Bentto
San Ber'do
San Diego
S. Franco
S. Joaquln
S. L-Ob'po
San Mateo
S. Barbara
S. Clara...
S. Cruz...
Shasta ...
Sierra
Sisklyou .
Solano
Sonoma . .
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tehama ..
Trinity ...
Tulare ...
Tuolumne
Ventura ..
Yolo
Yuba
:
I:::::::
I
I
i
I
.'."!!"
]
I
1 _j — i 1
7.996| 8,693j 7.497| 77«4
, I I
679 608 704 638
844 876 830 981
378 361 385 422
622 548 908 662
1,328 1,437 1,140 1.082
I I
549| 656 6131 63S
1.927: 2,083 2.676 2.609
185 246 3»5 879
1,975 2,012 1,5611 1,365
102 118 155 165
460 473 833 638
647 675 77« 759
831 304 387 434
405 387 411 294
10,213 10,482 12.472 8,042
66 73 95 146
673 437 853 330
181 34 68 91
667 610 696 631
256 288 432 662
84 83 194 129
207 197 157 165
1.206 1,253 1.419 1,443
809 7-47 637 761
863 498 ' 378 380
1.311 1.337 1.421 1.115
1.3H3 1,3f13 1.059 1.281
602 511 466 554
410 419 442 309
4.632 4.667 2.730 2.783
179 178 291 373
1,877 1.964 1,984 1.573
2.546 2,726 2,603 2,215
20.2.",n 21,«. r »6 23,698 25,403
2.41!) 2,292 2.355 2,419
1.300 1.299 1,491 1,551
45S 396 322 427
1,306 1,402 1.3-16 1,188
6,22;> 5,295 4,290 3,856
1.008 1.128 1.047 1.175
561 561 976 660
235 234 172 148
166 288 275 345
1,748 1,884 1,829 1,802
679 728 612 565
24i> 213 434 278
626 677 j 607 556
694 667 1 912 720
I
9501 1,020| 1,4681 1,463
429 480 566 626
792 926 734 838
1,167 1.225 1.277 1.413
867 948 858 763
86,865| 30,5931102,226! 87,124
1,140
613
2.676
3.
3.
El
I 1.1
I I
I
I 1.260
I 3.454
I 9.108
I 727
Haiti
2,019
5,689
39?
2.;
I
2.
■
5, 039 i
6,412
6Ti\
2.555
3.264
28,035
3.804
1.658
aw
I 2.261
I 3,031
a,
2.
I 2.1
! 3,1
l,i
2,i
23,<
2.:
l,
49 7.071 3,804
37 3.476 1.658
16 2,359 1.349
31 3, "43 I.7SS
71 12.060 6.523
35 4.450 2.163
17 1,968 748
61 554 309
9 1,149 574
34 4.839 2,585
31 6.061 2,661
7j 992 428
15 1,367 765
2GI 2,091 953
il 377 230
42 [ 3.524 1,551
24! 2.014 1.141
22 : 3.125 1.639
25* 3,441 1,694
»l[ 2.264 1,263
!68 '257. 890 129.594
1,
\
6,258
1,408
2451
81
71
1,"
>•'
2,i
1,
1,068
671
1,135
1,487
1,138
1.326
8/0
851
1,522
994
1
21!
i
Totals ..!
Total
Totals ..
1,7841
Thirty-First
Thomas Brophy, R Hfi
Daniel O'Brien. D. *.«»
A. J. Oliver. S. L. 166
Thirty-Second
C. H. Baker, S. L. ™$
P. F. Culligan, R.... - '**
James M. Hanley. D *'"»
Thirty-Third
Robert McCullOUgh. R 1.202
Eugene D. Sullivan. D l-2°
t Thirty-Fourth
IJ. J,. Crowly. D...... I«{g*1 «{g*
Gnfttav Portler. S. L.... , ™0
.Edward 1. Robinson. R 501
,«urty-Fifth
tßtephen A. Byrne, D.... \-™>
*Wllliani H. Cobb. R... l- 151
Thirty-Sixtn
Edward I. Coffer. D *••»»
A. H. Merrill, R ••— 1 - 34 °
Thirty-Seventh
James G. Boobar. R I«^2
William E. White. D I.™
Thirty-Eighth
Lester H. Jacobs. D.... — — l.*W
William H. Rickard. R I- 815
Thirty-Ninth
Leon E. Jones, R... ■••• I-***
J. S. Wardell, D ... L^S
Oswald Leifert. S. L. 101
Fortieth
R. C. Altschul. Pop ,883
James H. Kelly. D 1.3™
Henry W. Miller. R 826
Forty-First
Henry C. Dibble. R..... •*•"»
Isaac S. Rosenbaum, D U6l
Forty-Second
Lorenzo A. Henry, R •' 1.423
Curtis Hillyer, D .1.0a4
Forty-Third '
James P. Booth. D 934
Fred Lundquist. R 1.1»
Forty-Fourth
M. H. Barry. R 1.139
Thomas G. Rellly, D 1.010
Forty-Fifth
Raymond J. Estudillo. Pop 255
William H. Jordan, D 457
Eugene Sullivan, R..- • 723
STATE SENATORS.
Eighteenth
John A. Hoey. R 2.72S
John F. Twigg 2,010
Twentieth
Frank W. Burnett, R 3,961
P. J. McCormack, D 3,523
Twenty-Second
S. M. Bettman. R 5.134
Honry H. Davis, I. R 1.513
John A. Wright, D 2,323
Twenty-Fourth
R. Porter Ashe, D 2,425
Leon Dennery. R 2,400
Constitutional Amendments.
For No. 1 14.347
Against No. 1 15,327
For No. 2 15.912
Against No. 2 10,580
For No. 3 14.724
Against No. 3 11.636
For No. 4 16.067
Against No. 4 8,714
For No. 5 17.437
Against No. 5 '. 8.631
For No. 6 3,139
Against No. 6 11.021
For No. 7 13.043
Against No. 7 13,007
For the convention to revise the Con
stitution 8,538
Against the convention to revise the
Constitution 11,454
HENLEY'S EXPLANATION.
This Is Not a Good Year for the
Democrats.
Barclay Henley, who was defeated by
D. J. Murphy for the District Attorney
ship, took the outcome of the election in
bo far as it related to himself In a philo
sophical manner. He attributed his de
feat to several causes.
"First and most important of all," said
he, "this was not a Democratic year. This
coupled wifh other causes led to the de
feat of Judee Maguire, and this in time
injuriously affected the municipal ticket.
"Second, it was well known that Buck
ley and Rainey. representing the 'push'
and the 'pull,' the vicious element of the
city, were throughout the campaign mak
ing my defeat a specialty.
"The foregoing reasons are sufficient in
themselves alone to account for my de
feat. The railroad and other corporations,
by indirection and otherwise, gave their
employes to understand that if what
seemed to be the Democratic programme
was carried out the result would oe a re
duction of wages. All of these things and
everything could not defeat a man of
such marked popularity as James D.
Phelan."
California's Congressmen.
Revised returns from the seven districts
show that the prediction made of the
election of six Republicans and one Dem
ocrat to Congress is correct. De Vries in
the Second District being the only suc
cessful Democrat. The six Republicans
elected to Congress are: Barham in the
First. Metcalf In the Third, Kahn in the
Fourth. Loud in the Fifth, Waters in the
Sixth and Needham in the Seventh.
Railroad Commissioners.
Latest returns from the three districts
show that the Republican candidates for
Railroad Commissioner have been elected
as follows: First. District, Edson; Sec
ond District, Laumeister; Third District.
Blackstoek.
Charles Rollo Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
Call.
DESPONDENT WIDOW
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
DISGUSTED WITH LIFE, MRS.
WOLF TAKES CARBOLIC ACID.
After Brooding Over Her Losses at
the Racetrack She Resolves to
End Her Existence.
Alice Wolf, the widow of the late Dr.
Wolf, while despondent last night over
her losses at the racetrack, swallowed
a dose of carbolic acid. Dr. Robert Mur
phy, who was summoned to attend her,
believes that she will recover.
Mrs. Wolf lives at Capp and Twenty
first streets. Shortly after Q o'clock last
evening she bade her apod mother good
by, after telling her that she fas going
to Visit her friend. Mrs. Allen, who lives
in a lodging house at 612 Eddy street.
She had Just returned from the racetrack
and appeared desponda*»t over her losses.
Before seeing her fflend the unfortunate
woman went to a drugstore on Grant
avenue and purchased a bottle of car
bolic acid. She then repaired to the lodg
ing house on Eddy street, and going to
Mrs. Allen's room, complained that she
was feeling ill. Mrs. Allen advised her
to seek rest and offered her the use of her
bed.
Mrs. Wolf took advantage of her
friend's offer, and after discarding her
street attire threw herself on the bed.
"I'm disgusted with this life," she lugu
briously remarked. "I wish 1 was dead."
Mrs. Allen tried to cheer her up and was
about to leave the room when Mrs. Wolf
placed the bottle of carbolic acid to her
lips and drank the contents. Wirh a wild
scream for help Mrs. Allen ran from the
house, intending to summon a physician.
Meeting Police Officer Pyle she told him
what had happened, and he lost no time
in repairing to the scene. To his surprise.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT OF BERKELEY, WHO
ASPIRES TO BE SPEAKER OF
THE ASSEMBLY.
Now that the political complexion of the next Legislature Is fin
ally determined public attention is turned to the measures and the
men that will dominate the proceedings of the coming session of Cali
fornia's law-making body. At the present moment interest is chiefly
centered in the subject of who will be chosen Speaker of the As
sembly. The most prominent aspirant for the position, which is
rightly considered one of the first importance, is Howard E. Wright
of Berkeley. It seems scarcely probable that there will be any defi
nite opposition to Mr. Wright's candidacy, as his record as a legis
lator is irreproachable and his ability to discharge the duties of the
important position unquestioned. As a member of the last Assembly
he identified himself in behalf of every measure beneficial to the
people of the State. He was the author of the university tax bill
which made possible the great progress that now marks the life of
the greatest educational institution in the West. It was his motion,
made on the floor of the Assembly, that caused the now famous tele
grams in the coyote scalp bill scandal to be read.
That the citizens of Mr. Wright's own district appreciate his
merits is made plain by the fact that he was re-elected by a ma
jority of more than eleven hundred votes over his opponent.
he was refused admittance to the room
where the desperate woman lay in the
agony of death. A middle-aged man, who
claimed he was a "friend or the family,"
not only denied admittance to the guard
ian of the peace but refused to give the
name of the woman who had tried to de
stroy herself. It was not until the police
man threatened to force an entrance that
the stranger allowed him to enter.
Even Mrs. Allen at first refused to
throw any light on the Identity of the
despondent woman.
After considerable questioning she flnal
17 admitted that her name was Mrs. Wolf
and that despondency had impelled her to
make an attempt on her life.
Another woman, who peemed distracted
over the attempted suicide of Mrs. Wolf,
stood guard over the door of the room and
refused to answer any questions.
"If poor Alice dies." she declared, "her
story will be buried with her."
Further than that she positively de
clined to give any Information that would
fhow why Mrs. Wolf had attempted sui
cide.
BARRY IS RESIGNED.
Evident That the People Did Not
Want Democratic Rule.
James H. Barry, the defeated candidate
for Congress in the Fourth District, does
not appear to be cast down. He is satis
fled that the people did not agree with
him that the Democrats should win, and
that it was entirely right that they should
vote against him.
"I am a Democrat," said he, "and the
support 01 such "overnment as the people
want is the first duty of every man who
thinks the people should rule. The defeat
of Judge Maguire is a calamity not to
him but to the people who aefeated him.
jne war feeling which paid no heed to
the scandals of Algerlsm, and the Im
mense amount of money at the command
of the Republican party, brought about
the result."
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business men in next
Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -;^ 1
» MEN'S SUIT ROOM. . »
C( _ _
% \ /^uSl'J?/ "^ OUT Men's Suit *>
« \J==j > © fry m^^PiSJ/ Room, we inaugurate a ®
J — -P°P S > or to explain it to a
« L' ' you, a Popular Sale, jj*
Q LIT ' iij@Kuaß : placing our fine clothes $
/ 1 I^H^S^H within the reach of the t »
# /| 1 I^^^^^^S slimmest pocket-book! j*
o 7-1 'S'OTM-e reai fashion-
° / a ?^ 6 Men's Suits, in the $
o I >j single - breasted sack B
W i^m double - brea s t c d o
o'^Lr'^^S^. stylishly cut and «
o g^ excellently tailored. &
» (?«, Friday and Saturday these complete Suits #
§ i^^W be a
S' $5.00. i
« JUVENILE ROOM Ci4/lfii7 »
» SECOND FLOOR. rilUdy ■»
»■ , A J 8
« <^ —^ **^5 / — "N /£ fill
I A&n^A Saturda i
'nnJi*'fM) Poos «
8\ W , «|L^r > ° or lads between the ages C
o \JK IS/ * * ''' ssj of 8 and 16 we have taken a *-*
j^ S^^-V-r/ 1"T TV line of Double-breasted Suits, #
'li A/I ** \l iijf knee trousers, worth at the &
LI /v /1/ 1 ■ teli« lowest calculation $5, and **
8 fiT iB I »y * are beauties; all this
C( lH ; WW season's fashions, and the £
*** I HI ,M> A latest fashions at that, and &
« H^-lfii _^^^^^j a^ carefully tailored; in
aij:^^a#fc,^^^^ worsted, cheviots, cassimeres S
# . a/t<i Scotches. #
» These will be on Friday and Saturday 8
» <59 QS »
« •^.»o. «
rt TF*e /tave taken a line of those long Ulsters for little ~|
15 chaps between the ages of 8 and 16 years, long, warm, $
« comfortable Ulsters, reaching way down to the little chap's #
3 shoe tops; you can't duplicate them under $5 anywheres. 8
5 These, Friday and Saturday, at 8
I $2.98. 1
a YOUNG MEN'S DEPARTMENT, »
g SECOND FLOOR. . I
I 4T?7 a Friday I
iAjv 1 And |
s/J-^r- Vif S\ Saturday g
« rA J .-i4/ "OpS. ?
§ _^rp^J^\ In the Young Men's Suit ~*
• 4^**^ I j «i/ Room we have taken a line of *:
2 if/ real swell Cheviot Suits, care- 2
w If / fully tailored garments, pret- ft
ft I I / ' . % and up-to-date colorings, ft
ft If/ i" "I *' T* B*^8 *^ i/t all-wool fabrics, sizes 12 ft
ft 1 I / '.. I "I to 19 years. Not anywhere ft
ft I I / I / can these be duplicated un- $
8 ■■ lv 1/ I I der £7.50. Friday and Sat- &
8 „ I I I / urday they'll be tagged »
8 M *mM $448 »
o »
8 »4 line of swell Overcoats for young men, in blue, with &
® velvet collar, in the box length, which is the correct winter **
fashion for young men between the ages of 14- and 19 years **
— an Overcoat that you cannot find its equal anywhere *•*
under $7.50. Friday and Saturday these will be tagged **
® d*''A" A O tt
« .- . . «
O - ; 1 1 - 13 -IS KE ARNY ST.
SPECIALISTS ON MALE APPAREL
34
IN HIS LUST FOR SUCCESS M. H. SHERMAN
PRECIPITATED A BITTER FINANCIAL WAR
The Struggle to Crush the Los Angeles
Cable Railway System Forced Bankers
Into Conflict.
Managers of the Pacific Bank Warned to Retire
From the Electric Road Deal or Repeat
Ralston's Crash.
The Call begins this morning its ex
pose of the secret manipulations that
led the Pacific Bank and Its feeder, the
People's Home Savings Bank, Into the
tremendous speculation of the Los An
geles electri' railroad. This project
practically cost the Pacific Bank and
Its feeder their existence. The scheme
was conceived in the brain of Moses H.
Sherman, who trapped the bankers of
Pine and Sansome streets into a sup
port of his tremendous venture. Sher
man, as already indicated, -first at
tained prominence in Arizona, where he
floated several financial t henries and
in support of them won the confidence
and with It the money of Frank V.
McDonald. Having found Frank Mc-
Donald an easy game Sherman went to
Los Angeles, surveyed the field and de
termined to build a great electric road
system in competition to the cable road
that was then in operation.
Sherman had no money, but through
the confidence of Frank McDonald he
had the Pacific Bank behind him. Be
fore Sherman conceived the idea of an
electric road in Los Angeles he had
foisted upon the Pacific Bank through
Frank McDonald his vastly overesti
mated properties In Phoenix and in dif
ferent parts of Arizona. His state
ments in reference to these holdings
were mendacious to the last degree.
What he owned was not worth the sup- i
port that the Pacific Bank gave, but
Frank McDonald was a willing listener
to flattery, and when Sherman asked
him to visit Los Angeles and consider
the project of an ele-.-tric railroad the
young man readily obeyed. Sherman
■exploited the advantages of competi
tion to the cable road then in operation
under the supervision of J. F. Crank.
The wily manipulator showed the
young barker how an electric railroad
could be operated for two-thirds the
cost of a cable system. Frank took the
bait and with it a hook that subse
quently kilif-d the Institution of which
he was cashier. The Los Angeles cable
system had been floated in San Fran
cisco and Chicago under the direction
of Crank. The first mortgage amount
ed to one million five hundred thousand
dollars, and was taken in this city by
capitalists and commercial and sav
ings banks. The second mortgage of
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars w.is taken by capitalists, banks
and trust companies of Chicago. It was !
Sherman's deliberate scheme to wreck \
this road so that he might control it j
and build the great electric system.
His scheme cost the People's and Pa
cific banks their existence.
Under the nattering suggestion of
Sherman Frank McDonald believed
that the bunds of the electric road
could be floated as readily as those of
the cable system. He found out his
mistake too late to save his banks and
the honor of his family. Under Sher
man's direction a corporation wa
formed, stock was printed and M. 1
Sherman was made president of the
system. The Pacific Bank built the
road, supplying $600,000. Sherman, as
might have been expected, did not con
tribute a cent, violating his promise to
supply one-half the cost. Through a
series of combinations and manipula
tions he deluded the cashier of the Pa
cific Bank and made that lnstitutio
become a security for his own portion
of the cost. Having secured such a tre
mendous position of advantage S
man had the Pacific Bank and its
feedf-r, the People's Bank, just where
he wanted th<
They had to follow his lead and sup
port his schemes or face public cen
sure for the loss of a tremendous sum
of money. The expose of such a loss
would have Inevitably resulted in a
run on the bank. The McDonalds ac
cepted the inevitable. They tried first
to drag Sherman, J. E. Farnum and
their clique of conspirators out of tha i
bank with an idea of operating the road
themselves. They failed in this and
then attempted to float the bonds of
the electric system. Again failure came
to them and the culminating crash.
"When the I'ucific bankers attempted to
gain control of the electric road sys
tem Sherman in anticipation of such
an effort determined to secure control
of the cable roads of Los Angeles. This
move brought J. F. Crank and the
holders of three million dollars in bonds
to the front.
The struggle became a determined
contest between the two great roads.
The capitalists and banks of this city
that held the cable bonda arrayed
themselves for a contest against the
Pacific and the People's banks, which
held the electric road bonds. In this j
struggle Sherman had nothing to lose
and everything to gain. As he argued
the situation he could not lose whoever
won in the contest. If the Pacific Bank |
lost Sherman remained as the only
powerful manipulator left in the elec- |
trie road to deal with the winners. If j
the Pacific Bank won and the cable
system of Los Angeles was wrecked
Sherman would continue to be. the
president and manager of the electric
railroad and Qwner of a great part of
the wrecked cable system.
This struggle, the secret hlUory of
which has never before become public
property, was one of the most gigantic
ever fought on this coast or In the
United States. It was a contest of
millions against millions, and as the
outcome proved determined the exist
ence of two great banks. When this
great fight began Sherman calculated
every possible contingency. He sur
rounded himself with able lawyers and
when the Pacific Bank and the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank crumbled, he
made terms with the opposition, sold
out his holdings In the Electric road
and profited with what belonged to the
wrecked institutions and their deposi
tors.
"When Sherman began his manipula
tions and with flattery seduced Frank
McDonald Into a support of his scheme
he carefully guarded against any mis
hap to the success of his plan. He was
closely allied to Millspaugh, the ex
claim adjuster of the Southern Pacific
Company, and through him gained th«
support of that corporation. After he
had seduced Frank McDonald into th&
wild Phoenix proposition and before he
suggested his Electric deal he offered
himself as a director In the Pacific
Bank. According to his own assertion
he held only ten Ebares of stock in that
institution and acted simply in the ca
pacity of a dummy. He bought a few
shares of stock in the People's Home
Savings Bank and placed his cousin,
John E. Farnum, in the bank as secre
tary and manager. Having gained
'Id in both banks, he operated a
he pleased to the end, and when th
crash finally came lv: exercised his in
fluence to make Farnum manager o
the Pacific Bank. This in outline i
the story of the tremendous plot tha
Moses H. Sherman carried to a sue
cesaful conclusion, and in doing so ac
complished the downfall of both banks
SECRET HISTORY OF THE GREAT
CONSPIRACY.
The most thorough and complete in
vestigation of the Lus Angeles electric
railroad scheme that was ever attempt
ed was made by J 11. Woodard, ex
newspaper man and lawyer. This man
was the bitter and persistent enemy of
M. H. Sherman, and lost no opportu
nity to injure the crafty manipulator.
His enmity, however, was simply an in
cident. He was mure thoroughly in
formed of the condition of the electric
road and of the disastrous speculation
it represented to the Pacific Hank than
any man except Moses H. Sherraar
himself. Woodard was familiar wit!
the affairs of the great concern fron
the very inception of the project in th
brain of Sherman. At the request o
R. H. McDonald Jr. Woodard on Au
gust 4, 1592, submitted an exhaustive
report of the history of the road, it
condition at that time md its pros
pects.
Woodard demonstrated to young Me
Donald that the Pacific Bank had been
trapped into a dangerous venture and
that if it did not retire even with the
heavy loss it must sustain the bank in
evitably would go under. This report
of Woodard is vitally necessary to the
depositors and robbed creditors of the
defunct bank, if they care to obtain
a clear understanding of the gigantic
scheme that ruined the institution and
cost them their ■ posits. In the report
Woodard has eliminated 'all personal
reflection upon Sherman. The report
simply recites the facts of the con
spiracy that resulted in the deception
upon the Pacific Bank. Sherman's wild
notions of finance and his absurd ideas
of floating bonds are described clearly
and something of the tremendous
struggle between the cable system of
Los Angeles and the electric road is
indicated.
This struggle provoked t'.ie most bit
ter enmity .between J. F. Crank, the
leading spirit in the cable road, and
Sherman. It organized most of the
banks of this city .against the Pacific
and the People's Home Savings banks,
and at one .stage of the n>ht forced a
run on the. People's Home Savings
Bank. It is perhaps not uninteresting
to remember that this run was pro
voked by the simultaneous publication
in two newspapers in this city of an
article that denounced the People's
Bank for holding electric bonds. These
publications, coming as they did on the
same morning and containing practi
cally tho same assertions, will prove an
interesting history In themselves at th
proper place In the recital nf th? men
and measures that ruined the two grea
hanks. Incidentally, Frank McDonah
exercised every influence in his posses
plon to prevent these articles from be
Ing published and to save the People'
Bank fr«m a run. F<>r reasons that wer
very clearly understood he failed. J
H. Woodard'S long report that wll
show how hurulre'lM of thousands r>
ii liars of the Pacific Bant wrere dissi
pated in th° Los An«?elea slectric rail
road is given In full a? follows, and is
intended as a significant introrl notion
to the part that M. 11. Sherman and
his co-conspirators played in the de
struction nf the Pacific l'.:ink.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.j Aug. 4, 1892
Mr. R. H. McDonald Jr.. V. P. Pacific
Bank. San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
left San Francisco Monday p. m., as I tolc
you I expected to, and have been quite
busy with other matters, ko that only just
now have I found time to comply with
your request to give you my opinion o
tho street railway situation In Los An
greles. I shall keep In mind your sugges
tion that the expenditures have been made
on the electric property, and therefore
mat you are only considering what should
bo done to save the investment and, if
possible, make a profit out of It. I shall
give you the situation as I understand it
ana you can take such measures as you
think best to test the correctness of my
conclusions.
Primarily— There has been Invested in
the creation of the electric system only J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
I the $675,000 expended by the Pacific Bank
and the Pacific Rolling Mill Company. To
this should be added the $25,000 loaned or
iginally through the People's Home Sav
ings Bank to the Topeka Rapid Transit
Electric Railway Company, and other
small sums paid out on different - lines,
■ making the entire sum invested almost
$750, 000. To secure this investment It was
I agreed that $1,600,000 of the first mortgage
bonds should be Issued upon this property
—that the remaining bonds of the original
Issue should be destroyed. And right nere
we are met by a singular state of facts.
In September, 1&91, the "Syndicate
.Agreement" was entered into by which
$500,000 of the first mortgage bonds were
to be deposited with John M. C. Marble as
trustee, to secure a loan of $250,000. Col
onel Marble certified that he had the $500,
000 of bonds and $1,000,000 of the stock of
the Consolidated Electric Railway In his
possession. In addition to this, other
bonds were alleged to be deposited with
Colonel Marble, and he Issued receipts to
the owners thereof, but for the present
they can be left out of sight. Under this
trust about $180,000 was borrowed that I
know of, which sums are yet unpaid
Under the proposed pooling of the cable
and electric bonds, Trustees McKee and
porn claim to have $1,548,000 of the electric
bonds in their possession. If they have
that number, where are the $500,000 . of
bonds held by Trustee Marble? He could
not surrender them without the consent
of every holder of the syndicate agree
ment notes, and I know that such unani
mous consent has not been obtained.
Take the list of the owners of the $1250
000 of bonds stated to be outstanding
when tiie "pooling" scheme was first
?-'& ne ,- dl and you will observe that the
$000.000 of the Marble bonds were not em
braced In that list. If Colonel Marble
had the bonds which he certifies he had
and the other claimants had their bonds
*,, h £ i£ ce re, c m , ust have been outstanding
$1.<p0.000 bonds— at the minimum. But '
when we go further and find that $1,548,000
bonds have been surrendered to McKee
a i ld l "Tn, and that they do not include
the $i»00,000 which Colonel Marble certified
that he had. then there must have been
issued 52,100.000 to secure indebtedness up
on a property which did not cost the
company (I do not mean the manipula
tors) over $750,000, and upon which It was
agreed that the bonded indebtedness
should not exceed $1,600,000,
VVOOPARD GETS DOWN TO
V FIGURES.
But 1 will leave this branch of the sub
ject— which I could give you pages of
details— and turn to the practical side of
the proposed scheme of consolidation and
see if it can be carried Into effect The
Plan is to issue $3,000,000 bonds upon the
electric property, with which to pay:
Debts of Cable Company as follows:
Los Angeles Cable bonds, sold J536.000
Pledged as collateral „ jjo^oOO
Total ............................ Tv 140 000
Floating debt of Cable Company "."'in
cluding street improvements now
practically due 100.000
Cost of foreclosure of Cable property... 60 000
I p eht of Electric Company: » '
Bonds outstanding 1.548,000
Floating debt 200 00
Two and a half years' Interest on
$3,000,000 450,000
Total .$3. 538, 000
There are other outstanding obligations
which I have not included, and could not
without disclosing the sources of infor
mation, which I cannot do at present
Let us now analyze the outstanding ob
ligations, that is, how will they have to
be met. You can say, by the direct ex
change of bonds, the following amounts:
Cable bonds »800,000
Electric bonds..... 1,644,000
Two ana a half yrars' Interest on '
j $2,348,000 352.200
Total * .$2,700,200
There will then be left $340,000 of the
cable bonds which will have to be pur
chased by cash. If a foreclosure Is reach
ed by which the Los Angeles Cable Rail
way Company's bonds are declared to
have priority over the bonds of the Pa
cific Railway Company, then the Electric
Company, as holder of $800,000, will have
to bid $800,000 to buy the property, that
c Railway Company, then the Electric
tnpany, as holder of $800,000, will have
bid $800,000 to buy the property, that 1*
70 cents on the dollar of the $1,140 000
bonds. Then they will have to pay' 70
cents on the $340,000 bonds not exchanged
or $238,000 cash. There are fifty-two elec
tric bonds which will not be exchanged
and they will be paid for in cash- add
this to the above and it makes $250,000
So we can make a book showing cash
necessary to be raised:
As given above $280 000
Floating debt and syndicate debt of '
Electric Company 2SO 000
Receiver's obligations on Cable Com- '
pany ; ,• •"• 100,000
Cost of foreclosure on Cable mortgages. soiooo
Total cash required $880,000
You can see that this sum of $680 000
cannot be raised on $299,800 of bonds '(if
sold at par) with 212 1 years Interest cou
pons cut off, or with them on. If sold at
par who will raise this $380,000 necessary
to be paid before the consolidation scheme
could be effected or have any legal force?
As to the status of the $3,000,000 of con
solidated electric bonds now issued as a
part of the pooling, or "consolidation"
scheme, what is In sight as security for
them? Let us examine the assets behind
them?
Consolidated Electric Railway plant,
which does not earn operating ex
' penses, and which cost $760 000
Bonds of Los Angeles Cable Company
$SsOO,uOO at 70 cents 660.000
Total cost of Electric assets $1,310,003
WHAT THE ROAD WAS REALLY
WORTH.
A3 the Electric Company has never
earned operating expenses, and in my
opinion cannot do so In the next five
years, it may be valued only for such an
amount as its tracks and cars and ma
chinery could be sold for as second-hand
material, and what could be realized from
the sale of the power-house grounds end
buildings. At the most liberal estimate
not over $300,000 could be realized now,
while the tracks and equipment are com
paratively new and good., This, then, re
duces the assets to secure $3,000,000 of 6
per cent bonds to $538,000, if 'they were
realized upon to-day. If the electric plant
has to be operated until a foreclosure can
be had of the cable mortgages (not less
than two and a half years) the electric
plant will be practically worn out and its
debts will be far in excess of what could
be realized upon it.
I am aware that quite a number of hold
ers of the Cable bonds as well as the
Electric bonds , went Into the pooling
scheme. with the belief that If would re
quire only a few months to place the
Cable property, with Its revenues. In tne
hands of the manipulators of the Electric
scheme; but certainly Judge Allen, Mr.
McKea and P. 8. Dora must hay« known
A PROPHETIC WARNING OF FINANCIAL DISASTER.
Primarily — mere nas oeen invested, in the creation or tne
Electric system only the $675,000 expended by the Pacific Bank
and the Pacific Rolling Mill Company. To this should be added the
$35,000, loaned originally by the People's Home Savings Bank to
the Topeka Rapid Transit Electric Railway Company, and other
small sums paid out on different lines, making the entire sum in
vested almost $750,000. As the Electric Company has never earned
operating expenses, arid, in my opinion, cannot do so in the next
five years, it may be valued only for such an amount as its tracks
and cars and machinery could be sold for as second-hand material
and what could be realized from the sale of the power-house,
grounds and buildings . The real condition of affairs will be
looked into by investors, and when they are advised of the facts
they will buy no bonds. Investigation will disclose all I have
written to you, and so much more that you will regret that you of
fered the bonds in any market.
I fear if you do not do this that the Ralston fiasco will have
to be repeated, and even more widespread disasters result.
Respectfully submitted,
Almost a year oefore the crumbling of the Pacific 3ank and the People's Bank It. H. McDonald
Jr. was warned of the character of the desperate speculation into which M. H. Sherman had trapped the
bankers. This warning was given by J. H. Woodard, who possessed an expert knowledge of che af
fairs of the Los Angeles Electric Railroad. Woodard was unheeded, pnd his report to Dick McDona-J.
stands now as the first public knowledge of the inside facts jf Sherman's great scheme. It gives to the
public the first true history of one of the great conspiracies that ruined the McDonald banks.
that Buch a thine could not be done.
Hence, when any ngajres as to the earning
capacity are made, th% cable lineß cannot
be included, because no man can assert
that the Electric Company will ever have
control of them. I am confident, from
what I know now, that if the courts
should declare that the mortgage of the
Los Angeles Cable Railway Company is a
lien of the Paeifh- Railway Company's
mortgage, the property will be re
deemed from the purchasers under the
foreclosure of the prior Hen and that the
Electric Company will be entitled to re- 1
<.iv from the redemptioners only $560,
»r thr-ir JBOO.OOO of bonds. If on fore
closure the Electric Company 1 ds less
than $800,000 the redemptioners will have
less to pay. Indeed, it is impossible tnat
the cable property- should ever come into
the possession of the Electric Company.
We now come to the practical question,
in which you Ja're interested: "Can the Pa
cific Bank or the railway sell its conso.i
dation bonds of the new issue in England
or in any other market under the existing
conditions?" I tell you what you will
learn later on— that it cannot do it. '1 he
real condition of affairs will be looki-d
Into by investors, and when they are ad
vised of the facts they will buy no bonds.
Investigation will disclose all I have
written to you and so much more that you
will regret that you offered the bonds In
any market.
NO CHANCE FOR THE BANK.
What, then, is the best line of policy
for those having actual investment In the
property? I told you during our confer
ence that. In my opinion, you should re
verse your lines of action, and move In
another direction— that no matter how
badly the bank needed its money, it could
not get it nor sustain its credit by stand
ing behind the scheme any Longer. I
recommended that you recall your elec
tric bonds and pool with the holders of
the 836 cable bonds. This would make a
bond issue of less than $1,50u.<J00. Let the
electric bonds default their interest and
have a foreclosure as soon as it can be
reached. If you stop now the electric
road is wrecked at once. You may carry
It a while, possibly three or six months,
but the last condition will be far worse
than It Is now, and you will be only the
more deeply involved, and the credit of
your bank still further weakened. The
owners of the 836 cable bonds will be only
too glad to admit the bonds of
the Pacific Bank to a pro rata
I representation with theirs in 6uch
' a scheme, and if you should only
get 70 cents all round in cash you would
still have a profit on the bonds held by
you. If, on the other hand, the electric
property should pass into the control of
the combine, which I have suggested, you
would receive more than par in new
bonds for those now held by you, and the
new bonds would be worth par, for the
property can be so operated that it will
pay 6 per cent on $2,000,000. Of course to
reach this result, the entire electric plant
would have to be eliminated, that is aban
doned as a street railway system, but the
material and electrical machinery could
be utilized on such lines of the two sys
tems as it would be profitable to operate
You have nothing to fear from the pro
jectors of the Eastern scheme. They have
done your bank all the harm they can do
if you stop now, for I assure you that the
whole situation is widely understood, and
each effort to bolster it will only result
In further injury. Th<> whole financial
atmosphere about you is filled with state
ments of fact and exaggerations, and they
are growing stronger all the time. You
ask me to talk frankly to you, and I am
trying my best to do It. I desire that you
should save every dollar that your bank
has invested. and If I had any means of
helping you otfier than by advice, would
do so, but I know that the course you are
following now leads only to a lower level.
I heard at San Francisco that an effort
would be made to get the British Vice
Consul at that place to certify to the
scheme, and that act would be "coppered"
through the British Consul General, who
would be asked to warn British investors
against investment in the property.
I am well acquainted with the govern
ing committees of the Boston and New
York Stock Exchanges, and know what
will be required If an attempt is made to
list the electric bonds there, even for
wash sales.
I am satisfied you can go to Brown and
Alvord. Lovell White, John McKee and
.the others, and have them Join in the
plan which I have suggested, even if you
do not associate yourself with the Roll
ing Mill Company.
1 do not thlnte it necessary for your suc
cess that you have the rolling mill Join In
the scheme I have suggested, because you
ian succeed without them if they do not
want to join you.
I fear if you do not do this that the
Ralston fiasco will have to be repeated,
and even more widespread disasters re
sult. Respectfully submitted,
J. H. WOODARD,
1507 Grand avenue, Los Angeles.
SHERMAN WANTED TO FLOAT
FIVE MILLIONS
After Sherman had Inveigled the Pa
cific Bank Into an expenditure of hun
dreds of thousands of dollars and had
issued bonds vastly in excess of the
true cost of the Electric road, he con
ceived another financial nightmare and
contemplated placing another bond
issue of 15,000,000. This schema was ex
posed by J. H. Woodard to Dick Mc-
Donald in the following letter:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 6. 1592.
R. H. McDonald Jr. Esq.. San Fran
cisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: Since writing you
I have learned from a friend of mine
here that General Sherman has evolved
a new scheme tor handling the electric
property, and that is to issue a bond of
$6,000,000 which he proposes to sell in
England. This scheme for relieving the
ssitlea of the electric company is of
the sort that Is practiced by saloon keep
ers in curing a man of delirium tremens—
giving him more whisky as a remedy for
his frfghtful condition. Of course. If this
scheme could be carried out it would re
iiirre another exchange of bonds, and by'
the time the exchange was half made
that oondition might be reiieved by exe
cuting a new mortgage of seven or tea
millions.
I am satisfied that If he la left alone
it won't take "him a great while to ex
plode the whole scheme himself. Wheth
er-he expects to make thli work or hot,
trw? result Is that those who hear of what
thVy deem his vagaries now understand
how he has gone kiting from one sehenio
to another, believing all the time that
the more obTlgutlons he could Issue the
richer he would be. If his mind is not
now unbalanced it seems to me that it
has been moving in an eccentric orbit,
anil tne quicker you sft on him the bet
ter it will be for all concerned. Tours
truly, J. H. WOU.UARD.
The Call will publish to-morrow
morning another scathing criticism of
Sherman's great project by George M.
Mitchell, who was a trusted employe
of the McDonalds. Mitchell not only
described to his employers the true na
ture of their investment, but he drew
a character sketch of the three great
figures in the financial tragedy, Moses
H. Sherman, his formidable antagonist,
J. F. Crank, and the merciless critic of
both, J. H. "Woodard. The public will
find great Interest in the characteriza
tion of these men by men who knew
them well.
AMONG THE CYCLERS.
Arrival of Some Prominent Devotees
of Wheeling Sport.
Dan E. Whitman, the well-known pro
fessional cycle racer, returned from Hono
lulu on the Australia yesterday, and will
leave for Los Angeles to-night to visit
his relatives, returning to the Islands
about December 1. Whitman first went
down there a year ago with Sharriek,
Jones and others to attend the opening
of the big Cyclomere Park track, and
becoming enamored of the place decided
to make It his home. He is established In
business and Is doing well. He says Allan
Jones has gone to Australia or New Zea
land to race. Conklin, the former mana
ger of the party. Is now in the newspaper
business at Honolulu.
Marry A. Lozier of the big Cleveland
manufacturing firm of that name, arrived
here day before yesterday In company !
with his brother. Ed Ross Lozier, who I
went as far as Portland to meet him. The j
Loziera have big Interests here and in i
the islands and Australia, and the pres- I
er.ee of the two brothers here is thus ac- I
counted for.
Orlando Stevens, the team-mate of
tloyd McFarland, the San Jose racing
man, arrived from the East the other
day and is the guest of his racing part- I
ncr in the Garden City. Stevens has been
here twice before. He has had a good
season, and expects the entire Eastern |
racing contingent will come out here next i
spring to race and train
ROW ON AN ELECTRIC CAR.
Joan Burr, a Carpenter, Struck on the
Head and Ribs With a Con
troller Bar,
As the result of a row on a Kearny
etreet electric car on Tuesday, John Burr,
a carpenter, living at 1625 Mason street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe," the motorman, on a charge of bat
tery.
1 Burr was a passenger on the car. and
n!H, e «« U was goin down the hill between
Broadway and Pacific street the motor
man got into a dispute with a boy named
Btjga, who lives near Burr, and struck the
&™ he , fa^ c with the controller bar.
Burr Interfered to Protect the boy, and
rnf. m P*h o^ an hlt hira on the head and
ribs with the controller bar knocking him
ou > Burr's scalp was cut open and his
ribs were nearly broken. It is said that
the boy Buga is in a serious condition
from the effect of the blow on his lace.
Wanted for Forgery.
Fred Smith, a bellboy in the Lano
Hospital, was arrested In Los An
geles yesterday morning: on a uis
patch from Chief Lees that he was
wanted here for forgery. Detective
Crockett swore to a warrant for his ar
rest before Judge Low and left by last
evening's train to bring him back to the
City. Smith on October 22 stole a draft
for $50 sent by a bank in Salinas to Mrs
M. V. Brady, a patient in the hospital'
He forged Mrs. Brady's name on the back
of the draft and cashed if at the City of
Paris dry-goods store. He went to Los
Angeles, where he was known as Reid
Perry.
IN THE DIVORCE COURTS.
Several Unhappy Couples and Others
Are Granted Decrees of Divorce.
Mrs. Elizabeth H. Nowell filed suit yes
terday for a divorce from nor husband,
j Frank H. Nowell, alleging cruelty, de
: sertion ajid neglect as causes of action.
I .The defendant is the son of a well-known
| mining- man- -associated with the big
! Treadwell Compdßjt. Mrs. Nowell states
that frequently her husband has left her
and remained away over night solely In
the pursuit of selfish indulgenciea. lie
j has also been in the habit of cruelly treat
i ing her, especially in the presence of third
parties. Besides the decree of divorce
I Mrs. Nowell asks the custody of her
three-year-old daughter.
Meyer Frankenheimer, a street railway
I employe, residing at 333 Jersey street, has
] sued h!s wife. Nora Frankenheimer. for
; a divorce on the ground of cruelty. The
plaintiff alleges that his wife has long
been in the habit of treating him fn an
inhuman manner, but capped the climax
a few days ago by trying to put out his
eyes with a hat pin and ended up by tak
ing several shots at him. In consequence
lie has had enough of married life and
wants a divorce on the ground named.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Hat tie B. Postner against J. Postner
on the ground of failure to provide and
,L. F. Burns against Honora Burns on
the ground of cruelty.
Harvey A. West was granted a divorce
,from Alice W. G. West yesterday on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Decrees of
divorce on the ground of willful neglect
have been granted Elizabeth Neumann
from Edward Neumann, Anna Malkus
from Conrad Malkus and Walter F. Kas
eon from Ella J. Kasson..
CREMATOBY IS UNHEALTHY.
A Physician and Several Citizens
Testify Regarding the Gasses
That Escape.
Residents In the neighborhood of the
plant of the Sanitary Reduction Worka
of San Francisco are determined that
their health and lives shall not be Jeopar-
I dized by the proximity of the company's
i crematory. Affidavits in the suit of
I August Vetter against the company, in
which it Is sought to force the company
to adopt methods that will not endanger
I the health of the community, were filed
yesterday.
Dr. John T. Davis, a well-known chem
ist ami physician, in his affidavit staled
that he hud investigated* the matter in
volved and had found that through the
incineration of refuse, dead animals, tin
cans and garbage many poisonous
gasedfl. Including carbonic oxide, nitrous
oxide, carbonic acid and marsh gas. to
gether with many metallic oxides, were
found. These the physician declared were
especially poisonous to thoso predisposed
to bronchial affections and dangerous in
general to the health of the community.
Many residents of the district around the
crematory also made affidavits of the
foul odors that emanate from the stack
of the crematory. The case will be tried
in a few days.
Charles Rollo Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
Call.
ELECTION BALLOTS FOUND.
A Package of Them Was Left in a
Deserted Booth.
At about half past 4 yesterday morning
Officer E. J. Rooker of the North End
Station chanced to enter an unoccupied
election booth In the Eleventh Precinct of
the Forty-first District on Union street
and found, lying on the floor, the package
of municipal ballots voted last Tuesday.
They were inclosed in an envelope and
were properly sealed and signed. ■ In Offi
cer Hooker's company was Officer James
Barry. The ballots were taken to the
Central Police Station and at the sugges
tion of Sergeants Harper and Shay were
immediately delivered, to the Registrar.
The booth in which they were found had
been unoccupied for a number of hours.
. ... — '« ♦ — i i - ■
How Dew ey beat the British in
next Sunday's Call.
Polo at the Park.
This afternoon Golden Gate Park
will be the scene of the first game of polo
played In this city for many years. This
newly Inaugurated sport will commence
at 2:30 p. m. on the baseball grounds. The
game will be given much interest and will
be attended by a large. number of people.
Two teams have been selected from the
best players of the Burlingame club. The
first, known as the "Reds, Is composed
of the following players: W. 3. Hobart.
Harry R. Slmpkins, Joseph S. Tobln and
Frank M. Carolan. Tho second team,
called the "Whites," is made up of the
following: Captain Harris of the Pre
sidio, Charles Dunphy, R. .VI. Tobin and
Charles A. Baldwin.
EESUMED AGAIN TO-DAY.
Lieutenant Bennett "Will Continue
Investigation of Fort Baker
Scandal.
The Investigation into the conduct of
the officers of Battery B, California
Heavy Artillery, now stationed at Fort
Baker, went over yesterday until to-day,
owing to the fact that Lieutenant Ben
nett, who is securing the evidence in the
case, being forced to accompany General
Merriam on his official visit to the Italian
cruiser Etna, It wll! be several days be
fore Lieutenant Bennett completes the
work of taking all the evidence that he
desires to secure prior to submitting the
facts to General Merriam. As the case
now stands there does not seem any
chance of a court martial being avoided,
and in case one is ordered it is thought
that it will go hard with tha officers of
the battery.
Captain C. B. Hardln, Eighteenth Infan
try, naa returned from Honolulu. He has
been granted a month's sick leave on a
surgeon's certificate of disability.
First Lieutenant John O'Shea, Fourth
Cavalry, who is to have charge of the
Tacoma, has been appointed by General
Merriam the quartermaster ana commis
sary of the vessel.
Recruits James Casey and Charles J.
Edwards, enlisted in this city, have been
assigned to Troop B, Fourth Cavalry, and
ordered to join their troop at the Pre
sidio.
On the recommendation of the chief sur
feon, Major Rudolph G. Ebert, surgeon.
United States army, now in this city, has
been assigned to duty at the division field
hospital at the Presidio, vice Major W.
8. H. Matthews, relieved.
Sergeant Joseph B. Black, Battery E,
Third Artillery has been ordered to re
port to Major Kenzle at Alcatraz for tem
porary duty as commissary sergeant,
pending the appointment to that post at
an officer to that position.
Acting Assistant Burgeon A. J. Pedlar
has been ordered to proceed to Los An
geles to make the medical examination of
the officers and men of the Seventh Cali
fornia Regiment prior to their being final
ly mustered from the service. Assistant
Surgeons J. B. Cutter and C. E. Webb
will perform the same duty here for the
Sixth Regiment, the mustering out of
which will begin to-day.
Eczema and Itching Scalp
Cured quickly by using Smith's Dandruff
Pomade. For sale by all druggists; price,
50 cents; sample sent free by Smith Bros.,
Fresno, Cal. •
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
Wills of Jacob Marx and Sarah Burns
Filed.
The will of David Marx, who died on
the 6th inst., leaving an estate valued at
over 520,000, was filed for probate yester
day. The bequests are as follows: $1000
to the Hebrew Orphan Asylum; $11,000 to
Jacob Marx, in trust, for the benefit of
Meyer Marx, who resides In Germany;
Rosa and Mary Marx, sisters of the tes
tator, who reside in Bavaria, and Rachel
Levernuth of New York. The residue of
the estate is bequeathed to Jacob Marx,
a brother of the testator.
The will of Sarah Burns, bequeathing
an estate valued at $20,000 to her immedi
ate relatives, was also filed for probate.
Disturbed a Religious Meeting.
Montey Davenport, a habitu* ol th»
Barbary Coast, was sent to tbe County
Jail for six months yesterday by Judge
Low on a charge of vagrancy. Tuesday
night he went to tbe Salvation Army
meeting on Clay and Kearny streets and
attempted to break up the meeting. He
was arrested and a charge of vagrancy
booked against him.
Yaricocele V
~ Yaricocele
— Yaricocele
_Yaricocele
NO MAN HAVING THIS DREADFUL Dis-
order can afford to refuse himself the proper
treatment, for if he does not attend to his case
It Is certain to develop into more serious dis-
order*, which no man wants. Varicocele is a
disease that can be cured, and cured before
your own eyes. Sometimes varicocele is compli-
cated with other troubles. A man may also
suffer from a weak back, a listless feeling; he
may be a victim of his own vice or excesses.
Drinking, late hours, abuses, bring men to
think of their troubles, and, like men, they
wait until the last moment and then expect a
cure while they wait.
YOUNG MAN, BEWARE!
Beware of the error and pitfalls of youth; be-
ware of the losses that nature requires to give
tone and strength to the body. Beware of your
folly. When a cure is offered grasp it before
you are too late.
HUDYAN DOES CURE.
No one need mistake this. Hudyan Remedy
treatment is guaranteed to cure. Hudyan doe«
cure. Hudyan cures man's diseases and disabil-
ities Hudyan cures failing strength, melan-
cholia, nervous debility, spermatorrhoea and
those disorders of men that are called dis-
abilities. Call at the greatest medical Institute
on the Pacific Coast for aid. -____
Write for Circulars.
FREE If you call at office. '. ; - !
FREE Medical examination. :J * '
FREE " — ■ — Consultation. ) ' :
FREE Advice.-
FREE— First treatment.
FREE Electric Bath. , .
FREE Vapor Bath. - \
FREE- , .Ozo Bath. ■
FREE- Free Talk.
Huflson IE Institute,
jxjisromoisr
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB.
_ "
Use /*^{k
Facial Soap 5£ / Facial Cream.
Woodbury's! Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
cious for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles . ior
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth,
NFRVIT A mKm vitality
I'VE nvl I M LOST VIGOR.
/^lP^r \ "T- AN MANHOOD
K&JI 1 Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions and wasting
Hh|3 C diseases, all effects of sell-abuse, or excess and
WuJ -Js\ indiscretion. A nerje'toaic and blood-bui!der.
' » *W»r Brings the pink glow to pate cheeks and tz*
stiv'aa-r stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
Kjfl^^l box; 6 boxes (or $2.50; with a written
iWiW^Bl^-guarantee to cure or refund the money. .
ttervlta n\tA\c»\ Co., Clinton « 3«kson $!$., ev.ao\
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant aye., San Francisco.
fW FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
RWEAKWOMEM.ECHOES OF THE LATE CAMPAIGN
PHELAN SAYS IT
WAS SENTIMENT
The Mayor So Analyzes All the
Recondite Reasons of His
Re-election.
BY ALICE RIX.
Che Mayor was in his office at the City
Hall. Tea, be would see me.
"Felicitations, your Honor," said I, en
tering. "I'm charmed."
"Thanks," said the Mayor. "So am I."
"You look a little done," I said, survey-
Ing him critically.
"Brown," replied the Mayor, ■rolling
weakly.
"Still. It Is a great victory. You've tri
umphed, aa It vrere, over your own
party."
"What* s that?" asked the Mayor.
"Oh, I don't mean what you mean. I
wasn't even thinking of that."
"Thinking of what?"
"Oh, you know."
"Indeed," said the Mayor positively, "I
do not."
"Oh. well! Let's talk about something
else. I don't like to repeat disagreeable
things I hear about people."
"Go on," said the Mayor, fanning him
self with a copy of The Call— ''l can stand
anything."
"Oh, this twaddle— of coarse It's all
twaddle — about your trading off your
ticket, swapping votes, you know—"
"Twaddle!" exclaimed the Mayor Indig
nantly. "Calumny!"
"Yes! And betraying your party-^*
"Pooh!" said the Mayor. "Slanderl"
"And the State--"
"Nonsense I"
"And getting yonxself elected over
everybody!"
"That's a likely storyl"
THE MAYOR-ELECT AWAITS THE FIRST FRUiTS OF VICTORY.
"And throwing down Majrulre — "
"How could I do that without somebody
else knowing it?"
"I should think Magulre would have
noticed it."
"Yes, and plenty of others besides Ma
guire. All I have to say about such
charges is, they are false" — the Mayor
waved a short arm dramatically — "they
are false!"
"I'm glad," I said, "to know that.
They're nut very nice things to believe
about anybody."
"Believe?" repeated the Mayor. "Who
believes tht-m?"
"Why, I don't know, I'm sure. The
. people who assert them, I suppose."
"The people who invent them, per
haps," suggested the Mayor, sneeringly,
"atnJ who Invented them out of — of — out of
thin air. 1 1 didn't have to buy votes or
swap votes or resort to any such means
to gut el< people were with me
from the .start, and I knew it. The only
trouble with the campaign is that it has
tx . too <i.;m. We might have done
legitimately many things we did not do,
and if w< had we would have carried our
own ticket through."
"What Jo you think of your new board
barring little differences of political
opinii
'J have no criticism to make of the new
board/ replied the Mayor. "I do not
know any of the men elected to It. The
men on my own ticket I did know. They
were in every way fitted for the respon-
Bil Ility — men of education, university-bred
ji;..si of them. Leland, you know, and
liartk'tt and those men. You know Bart
lett, do you? Bright fellow."
"1 heard him make a speech at a meet-
Ing in the Thirtieth District. He did not
shine particularly, as J remember."
"Ah!" said the Mayor. "You have to
know your audience. I do not recall my
own speech in the Thirtieth, but v seems
to me it went^ didn't it."
"They all did," said the Mayor,
thoughtfully, "and all through the
dence districts of the city —the a&ayor
waved in a northwesterly airection— "l
had the same enthusiastic support I
could not go around you know to :;peak to
little householder, take him l»y the
hand Individually nnd pledge myself to
Bupport his Interests, but 1 appealed to
• lass at every district meeting and
I am euro 1 reached them all. Ihe votes
showed it. This was really a sentimental
algn."
"Dear me! That s a delicious idea.
How do you make it out, though?"
•'Why, didn't we appeal to the senti
ments of the people — over the heads of
corporations, monopolies, bosses, frauds,
disreputables? We said, 'Here! You want
justice, <-(jualiza.tion, city improvements,
freedom from corporation rule, don't you?
Well, we will give it to you. The matter
rt-sts in your own bands. It is entirely
your own* affair. You can have your own
way if you want it! You can cast off op
pression and boas rule! Choose your own
board, and select your own Mayor"
\nd " added the Mayor complacently,
"they did. Sentiment elected me."
"it didn't elect the- Supervisors, though.
Weren't they sentimental enough?"
'•The trouble is,' explained the Mayor,
"that we were all sentiment. We ought
to have been more practical. We ought
to have organteed. We ought to have
perfected the machinery of the Demo
cratic p^arty. If we had organized prop
erly we would have carried the municipal
ticket. The Democratic party was di
vided against itself, torn by Internecine
strife. There was the difficulty. You see
we broke up the organization of the
bosses at Sacramento and we never at
tempted to supply Its place. The Repub
lican party held fast together and the
Republican wave which swept the State
was too strong for us. This Re
publican fever Is all due to the war. It's
true that *hp war was an American war,
not a Republican war. but the present Ad
ministration got all the credit of it. You
can generally trace up a thing of this
sort if you try."
"And you think that accounts for the
big Republican wave, as you call it?'
"Did I call it a wave?" asked the Mayor
thoughtfully. "I ought to have said a
ground swell. I never saw anything like
It."
"Did It make you feel nervous, then, for
a while?"
"Well, yes." said the Mayor, smiling
a little palely at the thought, "when the
returns for the State ticket began to
come In so strong we did feel a little
doubtful. Still, on the whole. I was con
fident I had a great deal to make me feel
so. Did you witness the demonstration
at the Mechanics Pavilion?"
"No. I only read about It."
"That wouldn't give you any Idea of It,"
said the Mayor. "I just happened to
drop in there after speaking over at
North Beach, not really expecting to find
much — you know things are apt to fall
flat at the Pavilion because you can't
make yourself heard In the place. Well,
if you'll believe me, my appearance was
the signal for an ovation. I bowed once
but that wouldn't satisfy them. Then I
bowed again and they cheered
and cheered! And every man and woman
in the place was waving a little American
flag, and— well, I tell you — " The Mayor
paused, overcome by the recollection.
"That's a pleasant feature of politics.
Isn't It?" I said.
"Well, yes." said the Mayor, "I think
the- evidences of popularity encourage
a man wonderfully in public work — -
What is it?"
"A lady, sir," said the clerk at the
door.
"I can't see any ladies now," said the
; Mayor pulling down his cuffs. "I'm going
i out to drive.
"She'll not detain you long, sir," said
the clerk. "She only wants to hand you
something."
"What is It?" asked the Mayor sus
piciously.
"Flowers, sir."
The Mayor colored sweetly.
".Mure evidences of popularity," I mur
i mured.
i "Why doesn't she send them in?" asked
i the Mayor.
"She says, sir, that she would like to
hand them to you herself. She says that
if you'd just step here to the door and
take them she'll feel it a compliment."
"Is she young and beautiful?" inquired
the Mayor.
"No, sir. But she's a very respectable
looking lady sir."
"Ah?", said the Mayor, indifferently.
"Shall I ask .ier in. sir?"
"No," said" the Mayor, hastily. "I'll go
out."
Me came back beaind a large bunch of
Papa Gontiers, looking as pleased as
Punch.
"Was she?"
"Was she what?"
"Young and fair."
"Never mind," saJd the Mayor.
"This comes of being a sentimental
Mayor. How often do these little things
happen?"
"Oh! 1 assure you "
"Ah? apl"
"Well! One modest little bunch of vio
lets this morning," said the Mayor.
ALICE RIX.
» ♦ » .
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business men in next
Sunday's Call.
At. St. Ignatius Church.
Next Sunday the feast of St. Stanislaus
Kostka of the Society of Jesus will be
celebrated at St. Ignatius Church. Rev.
John Sardi, S. J., will deliver the morning
sermon and the evening discourse will be
by Rev, B. Calzia, S. J. The Gentleman's
Sodality will receive communion at the
7:30 a. m. mass. The members of the
Gentlemen's Sodality are preparing their
parts in Bulwer Lytton's popular drama,
"Richelieu," to be presented in the Col
lege Hall on November 22.
Pioneers' Reception.
A reception will be tendered to the
members and their families of the Society
of California Pioneers on Saturday even
ing, November 12, at Pioneer Hall. A
large representation of the society will be
present as well as many distinguished
members from different portions of the
State.
How Dewey beat the British in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
LAWLOR
BLAMES
THE WAR
The Judge Gives Some Idea of
How and Why His Party
Was Beaten.
Among those who engaged actively. In
telligently and ineffectively In the cam
paign just over perhaps there Is no indi
vidual who contributed more time and
effort than Judge J. P. Lawlor. And If
the Judge is feeling sore he hides it be
hind a genial smile. He was in his office
yesterday, a pleasant gentleman, with
hair prematurely gray and abnormally
disheveled.
"You understand my position," he said.
'"Three parties had appointed a commit
tee of nine. Of this committee I was
named chairman, and while I was a rep
resentative of the Democratic party, the
committee was to act for all and conduct
a comprehensive campaign.
"The result is easily explained. This
election gave the citizens of the United
States the first opportunity they had
since the beginning of the war with Spain
to express their sentiments thereon.
There had been, in the first place,
some internal dissension as to the
propriety of the war itself. Was
it wise or unwise? A question, more se
rious arising from recent disclosures con
cerning the hardships to which our sol
diers were subjected, and a suspicion as
to the competency of the Secretary of
War, threatened to dampen the ardor of
the Republican party. Had it not been
for these disclosures the opposition to the
Republican party would have been almost
obliterated in the recent campaign.
"Apart from this issue, which is re
sponsible for the largeness of the results,
there were minor causes which I believe
helped to make our defeat so positive,
I do not think that fusion has been a
success. In my official position, which
brought me into contact and communi
cation with earnest and patriotic men
of the three parties, and in which I ob
served that our principles were grandly
sustained by some, I also learned in ad
vance of the election that there were a
large number who declined to yield sup
port. This was true as to Democrats and
Populists. The Silver Republicans,
who saw that they must depend upon a
combined force for the integrity of their
cause, did not falter in the fight.
"I have no desire to characterize any
Democrat or Populist who declined to
support the union ticket, but simply make
the point that there were more incorrigi
bles than most people suspected. And it
i may be proper to express the opinion
; that more disgruntled Republicans voted
i for Maguire as a rebuke to the railroad
! machinations than the managers of that
, party are willing to admit.
: "'While the progress of the campaign
| left much to be desired as to the
probable results,, there was still
! enough of a community spirit to furnish
; encouragement and sustain hope. 1 think
that a careful analysis of the vote, were
. that possible, would supply much-needed
I instruction to the combine which seized
the Republican organization at Sacra
mento in August last. Judge Maguire. dur
ing his remarkable canvass of the State
was met on all hands by cordial indorse
ment in many instances from life-long
Republicans and everywhere by condem
nation of the deal the Republican man
agement made with the Southern Pacific
'"nns experience has shown me to a sat
isfying degree that there is a marked lack
erf organization in the two principal par
ties, and loaves little hope that either of
the Democratic o^ Republican party can
improve in that respect as long as the
present conditions continue
"1 attribute this state of helplessness
to the course of the Southern Pacific
which, in the endeavor to conserve its
own selfish interests wherever they hao
pen to lie. does so without fairness or
reference to the public weal. A study of
the change of front in certain newspapers
and of certain men within the fusion
forces during the campaign could furnish
an instruction on this point were any
needed. In short, the great need of Cali
fornia, is (hat citizens, regardless of
party stand together on the proposition
of forcing the railroad out of politics
"We marie a clean fight. We did not ex
pend a dollar above the legitimate needs
of carrying on the work, and no dollar we
did expend was tainted."
The Judge ran his fingers thoughtfully
through his aggressive locks. It seemed
to be the signal that he had finished
TJiE GOVERNOR TJiLKS
witU
MICE RIX
Tl^e Morning Jlf cep. Election,
I.N .NEXT SUNDAY'S CJSLL.
'..■;'■'. .-. v • ■ ■ - >.-•.-.-■■-. 'l.
Steward McDonald Dead.
John P. McDonald, steward of the
steamer St. Paul, while on the way to this
port on October 22 fell down into the hold
through :in open hatch and received in
juries from which he died yesterday at his
home, 10Fi7 Gold.'ii Gate avenue, v
X ■ ♦ . ■ ..
Estate of Julia B. Garniss.
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of Julia R. Garniss was filed yes
terday. The estate consists of real prop
erty at Pine and I eavenworth streets,
valued at $25,000, and personal property
, worth $3679 50.
W. W. FOOTE AS A
POLITICAL PROPHET
Foretold the Defeat of the
Democratic Party — Some
Home Truths.
There are many Democrats In the
city and State who, no doubt, were
greatly surprised when they learned
that James G. Maguire and practically
the whole Democratic ticket had been
defeated at the polls by an overwhelm
ing majority.
There are still other Democrats who
were not surprised; who had foreseen
and foretold defeat; who, in the days
preceding the Sacramento convention,
fought early and late against the con
ditions certain unscrupulous politicians
had imposed upon the party, and who
gave due and timely warning of the re
sult as recorded in the vote cast at the
election on Tuesday.
These men — the ones who were not
surprised — have for many years been
identified with t^ie Democratic party
and have always taken such an active
part in its affairs that they have earn
ed the right to the hieh regard in
which they are held by men of all
shades of political belief. Now the
election Is over it should be interesting
and instructive to those who followed
Maguire to defeat to look back a few
months and consider what such men as
W. W. Foote, M. F. Tarpey and H. T.
Fortman had to sa 1 ' of the conditions
under which the Democratic party
went into the fight just concluded.
Soon after the select coterie of po
litical adventurers, headed by Chair
man Alford of the Democratic State
Central Committee, Frank Gould, late j
of Stockton, and Gavin McNab, the
one-time "Whispering Boss" and al- '
leged reformer, engineered a trade with j
the Populist party whereby a scheme
of fusion was to be brought about, W.
W. Foote expressed his opinion of their
action in the following words, pub
lished in The Call of August 5, 1898:
"The action of Alford and Gould
and McNab and their associates is
the most high-handed proceeding
that I have ever heard of. It is a
disgrace to the party and an insult
to every self-respecting Democrat in
the State of California." V
A few days later Mr. Foote went to
Sacramento as a delegate to the Demo
cratic State Convention. What he had i
to say there on the pubject of the j
fusion arrangement and the organized j
and successful effort that was made to '
steal the control of the Democratic
party in San Francisco and give it into j
the hands of the men who had com- |
mitted the theft was in the nature of ;
a prophecy. In speaking of the effort j
of certain newspapers to howl down ■
and discredit every one who had a ;
CANVASS DELAYED BY
RANK INCOMPETENCE
BIGGY SCORES METHODo OF THE
ELECTION COMMISSION.
Officers Failed to Make Semi-Official
, Beturns — Results in One Pre
cinct Will Not Be Known
Until Monday.
»
Locked and sealed in the Registrar's
vault are the ballots cast In every pre
cinct In Tuesday's election, and a trusted
officer of the police and representatives
of the county committees of both par
ties will watch to see that neither lock
nor seal is tampered with until the
Election Commissioners meet on Monday
to officially canvass the vote.
The returns which appear in this morn
ing's issue of The Call were compiled by
Registrar Blggy's corps of competent
clerks, who have worked unceasingly on
them since returns began to arrive from
the different districts. They are com
plete with the exception of the vote on
the general ticket of the Eleventh Pre
cinct of the Twenty-ninth Assembly
District. The returns of this precinct it
will be impossible to publish until Mon
day, as one of the election officials, in
ignorance of the law, sealed his semi
official returns up with the ballots and
they were locked up with the rest in the
vault. Only by an order of the court
could Mr. Biggy unseal" those ballots, but
he hesitates to even take that measure;
he had rather the Commiissloners them
selves would undo the mistake, and so
will wait until Monday.
The Eleventh of the Twenty-ninth was
not the only precinct that delayed the
semi-official canvass. The Fifteenth of
the Thirty-first, Eleventh of the Thirty
sixth, Thirteenth of the Forty-first and
Third of the Forty-Second did not get
their returns in until yesterday morning,
and then only after a half dozen of Mr.
Biggy's deputies had gone out into the
districts and demanded them.
Although the returns of this year's elec
tion have been more quickly and system
matically canvassed than ever previously
tMe Registrar is not quite satisfied. Mr.
Blggy said yesterday that but for the>
rank ignorance and incompetence of the
election officers who failed to make semi
official returns he would have had his
canvass completed by yesterday noon.
"There is no reason on earth, said Mr.
Biggy, "for this delay. If the Commis
sioners had followed the law and made
thtir appointments from the assessment
roll they would have had men who needed
neither watching nor coaching in their
duties and we would have had the re
turns in the hands of the public this noon.
"As it Is I wish you would announce
that the recapitulation sheets will to-day
be open for inspection at my office, and I
and my deputies will be glad to have any
one who is interested drop in to see
them." ... .
Yesterday was as busy a day with the
Registrar and his deputies as was Tues
day. It was a case of forty-eight hours
without sleep for all of them, but there
was no abatement of the courtesy that
has characterized the working force de
spite a thousand and one things that turn
up to make matters crotchetty.
There were none of those who failed of
election who made complaint— always ex
cepting Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, who is not
to be Coroner. The disappointed ones
have quietly abided by the returns and
have one and all rendered their thanks to
the Registrar, who has kept them con
stantly informed of progress.
O'Donnell was on hand yesterday, as on
the day before, giving tongue to all sorts
of accusations of Jobbery and frauds up
on him. He claims that he was counted
out and threatened a demand for re-
The election of 1898 has probably been
the cheapest that San Franciscans have
ever paid for.
In 1896 it cost $202,500 to provide the city
with enough officials to run it. Mr. Biggy
announced last night that the $156,500 he
asked for when apportionments were
made, would cover every expense and
probably go a little further.
There may be some little difficulty when
the matter of paying off election officers
comes up before the Commissioners on
Monday. The rule was laid down when
they were appointed that no warrants
would issue until services had been per
formed, but thara were a few favored
word to say In defense of the victims
of the hold-up he said:
"I am not a partisan In this mat
ter. It has got so in California that
if a man undertakes to raise his voice
in defense of what he believes to be
right h« is either whispered to death
or hounded to death by the news
papers."
An attempt was then made by the
programmers to shut off debate and
thus secure the defeat of the effort that
was being made by stalwarts in the
convention to place the party in such
a position that it could go before the
people and make an honest bid for their
support. Mr. Foote combated this at
tempt and on the floor of the conven
tion hall made this prophetic appeal:
"Gentlemen: I appeal to you in the
name of harmony, I appeal to you in
the name of decency, I appeal to you
in the name of right, I appeal to you
iin the name of Demorcacy, do not
! shut off a hearing in this case. If
j you do you drive the knife into the
heart of the Democratic party of the
| State of California. This is the most
important question which has ever
come before a State convention. It
ought to be deliberated on with calm
ness. I have no personal aims to
gratify, no friends to reward or ene
mies to punish, but I do. not like to
see the Democratic party stricken
; down by its own members until they
know all of the facts. And I ask in
all sincerity, because I expect to have
j no more to say upon this question,
! that whatever time may be desired
by both parties to this question may
be taken by this convention. It is a
more important matter even than the
nomination of officers for the next
State election. If you smother this
question you destroy the Democratic
party not only in the city and county
of San Francisco, but you will render
it apathetic all over the State of Cali
fornia, and you will have your ticket
beaten."
A conscientious consideration of Mr.
Foote's ante-election utterances, placed
side by side with the election returns,
will no doubt tend to the enlightenment
of those good Democrats who are at a
lo3S to account for the Republican
landslide that has just wiped out all
traces of the late lamented fusionists.
ones with a pull who were given their pay
in advance. They got urunk on it and
were removed 'by Biggy's deputies, who
substituted new men. The adjustment of
warrants to cover both cases bids fair to
be a matter of some difficulty.
Warrants upon which there is no such
question will be Issued at tne Registrar's
office to-day after the commission has
passed upon them.
Hicks— You want to know if Innerby
loves that girl? Why, he actually loves
her faults. Wicks— Lucky girl! She has
so many.
| ADVERTISEMENTS.
iOppletonlm
NEW BOOKS.
The Story of the Railroad.
By CT WARMAN, author of "The Ex-
press Messenger," etc. A new vol-
ume in the Story of the West Series,
edited by Ripley Hitchcock. With
piaps and many illustrations by B.
West Clinedinst and from photo-
gTaphs. Uniform with "The Story
of the Cowboy," "The Story of t the
Mine," and "The Story of the* In-
dian." 12mo. Cloth, $1 50.
This book pictures the building of the earlier
transcontinental lines across the true West
It tells the story of the engineer who found the
way and who was the pioneer of permanent
civilization araonj the Indians and buffalo of
the plains and In the mountains. Historically
the book is valuable because It gives a com-
prehensive sketch of a great subject In a brief
compass, and, furthermore, the strange and
picturesque phases of life which are depicted
are full of immediate interest. An actual war
now forgotten, for the possession of a canyon
In Colorado is vividly described by the author
who has shared In the work of the railroad
men, r.nd who made a special Journey through
the West to gather fresh material for this
valuable and entertaining book.
The Phantom Army.
By MAX PEMBERTON. Uniform with
"Kronstadt." Illustrated. 12mo.
Cloth, SI 50.
Mr. Pemberton has written a romantic novel,
characterized by continued and increasing In-
terest and stirring adventures. His hero an
English soldier of fortune, is enrolled through
a strange series of incidents, In the "Phantom
Army, which has its stronghold in the moun-
tains of Spain, like certain of the Carllst bands
of a few years since. The picturesqueness and
dramatic quality of the tale will find imme-
diate tavor with readers.
Concerning:
Isabel Carnaby.
By ELLEN THORNEYCROFT FOW-
LER. 12mo. Cloth, $1 00; paper. 50
cents. No. 252, Appleton's Town
and Country Library.
It is a book with a great deal of fresh and
interesting observation In it; the leading char-
acters an." really studied, and the detail is ob-
viously from life. Miss Fowler has sympathy
and understanding, and her range Is a wid°
ore. She can describe a Nonconformist circle
In the provinces, and pass from that to so-
ciety and politics in London, or house parties
in the country, and seems equally at home In
all of them. She writes without malice, yet
with rhrewdness and humor. — Westminster Ga-
zette.
These books are for sale by all booksellers;
or they will be sent by mall on receipt of
price by the publishers.
D. APPLETON & CO.,
72 Fifth Avenue, New York.
DOMEMC & CO.. 306 Sutter St.
Telephone 105. F- Domenlc, Joseph J. Liber-
man. Joseph Goldstone, the florists and deco-
rators, respectfully invite you to step In ar-d
inspect their opening FLORAL. DISPLAY of
FLOWERS. FERNS and HOTHOUSE PL.ANTS
on Saturday, November 12, 189 S.
POMENIC * CO.
THE EMPOBIT7M. |
Stein-Bloch 5u its
M^^SmL 1 This sale has been an vn ~
: jMBmB^W^ 4m& qualified success— department
Wy;-^".^^^^ crowded all of the week— a
!§£&> : , .^^^ host of suits sold — every customer .
'-fH^ran| pleased — no one disappointed. The '
ÜB'^'- : -fiSB I immense sales show that our me-
||mßffl|l|fflß| thods of doing business are appre-
yjP^^^jjgl ciated.
I §BKmBB Remember that every
I -Wi^^^S suit bears the genuine
I m§$WM ' Stein-Blooh label. You get
l • U^^^ what you pay for here,
I] JHK ; -I££ These suits are absolutely all wool —
S fl^Hi well lined and tailored — perfect in fit
'?^*~- j;ji§& an d style.
9 ?^^^^p There are still left 18 different sorts for
i pßj|B3fiaB men of all sizes.
v Kg|9raf^§ Six dollars and ninety-five cents is the
I |«h||^ lowest price ever named for these grand
| fPi^ raHH productions of the best tailors' art.
iHH H^S Sale positively ends Saturday night at
||^S MB 10:30 o'clock.
% Last IWo Day»*
H f^ - oStffcH^lT^gr^ Klll^ py^ "^T-Sh &jPi*9 %g
Munyon's Headache and Indigestion Cure
i is the only remedy on tL«j market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
; to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's : ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c
z^llglsgissjpa RUPTURE.
lECvT/'- JXm USE NO MORE IRON
VfjfJ|jffi^C^aS9^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
fh^ W 3i/'*smtsy^^ Rupture retained -with ea»»
H^JMvt und comfort, and thousands radl-
H /MS* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
% /JsS Magnetic Elastic Truns. CTCall at
X^SJT office or write f(ir New Pamphlet No.
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
MO Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Frandso»
■ .;: •(;;.. AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARJTHEATER-
SEATS - - - ,Isc, 25c, 35c, sflc.
TTAVr -LAST .NIGHTS I.
IIiVViL MATINEE TO-MORROW
yS^l Funniest Comedy in Town.
HAD _ ,_
YOUR DR.
LAUGH _T7 F /
this • EsIJLJL.
YEAR ? j WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
Next Week—A FOOL OF FORTUNE.
PAULINE HALL, Queen of Comic Opera, in
Popular Selections. . !
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CHARLES
M. SHAY, in "A Game of Golf."
Last Week. of the . Following Artists:
CARL HERTZ AND MLLB. D 1D 1 ALTON, New
Illusion, "Aerollthe."
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN, a New
Act, "The Kleptomaniacs."
RATMON MOORE.
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET. ,
PEARL ANDREWS. .
SELLS AND YOUNG.
THE BIOGRAPH. New Views.
Reserved sats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c. . - ___^_
HOBOSCO'B GRANDS
V'altjcb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1898.
GRAND PRODUCTION
: Of the Great French Melodrama.
Strangles of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting plot. Strong cast. Great scenes.
Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of th» Emporium.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Scats ... . 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery . . lOc
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK WITH SATUR-
DAY MATINEE.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
nIDOPI F MONDAY.
VJ I IvA-' r- L« Ci WEDNESDAY,
QII\O P L» A FRIDAY, EVENINGS.
VJ IKU I" L»/\ SUNDAY EVENINGS.
TUESDAY. PIDPITQ
THURSDAY.
SATURDAY EVENINGS. f\t TC C TVJ
SATURDAY MATINEE. Vtf <-' *-- *-* i > j
Next— "SUZETTE." First time here. ■
Popular Prices .25c and 500 ,
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
winter Meeting 1898-93. beginning SATURDAY. 1
October 29. to November 12, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs- I I
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. ,
. Races ' Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. :
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. '1:30,' 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
Track. ■ Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:lt '
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately After last race.
-, THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT, Secretary. J. I
- - * ■•-•■-.» ■ i&SB&sS^Z*
TEE EBLPOBHTM.
I AMUSEMENTS.
| COLUMBIA THEATER.
i GOTTLOB, MARX CO., Lessees and Managers.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
KELLAR
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
A SERIES OF MARVELOUS ILLUSIONS
and deceptions IN pure MAGIC.
Coming— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
EVERY EVENING (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
THE LAUGHING SUCCESS OF THE YEAR.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. Jacob Litt presents Grant Stewart's suc-
cessful comedy.
Mistakes
Will Happen;
A Great Company Headed by
CHARLES DICKSON and HENRIETTA
CROSMAN.
November 4 21— "SECRET SERVICE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX A CO., Lessees and Managers.
PpifCC . CROWDED AT ALL TIMES.
iniVCJ . THIS WEEK ONLY.
15C, MATINEE SATURDAY.
» The Original Irish ComtdU&i.
3 5 7 MURRAY
And ...AND...
50c. . -. .-MACK-,.
IN
FINNIGAN^S BALL.
Next Sunday— "NORTHERN LIGHTS."
INQLESIDE COURSINU PARK.
Next Saturday and Sunday
OPEN
STAKE!
November 19 and 20— MERCED CONSOLA-
TION STAKE and OPEN STAKE. Entrance,
$2 50. •
November ' — OPEN STAKE. Entrance.
18.
November 26 and 27— NON-WINNERS'
STAKE and SAPLING STAKE.
Take a Mission-street car and It will land you
at the gates. t
ADMISSION 2Sc. LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN Sh
Bathing, with admission, 23c: children. 20c.
rti-sr^ VITA I IQ
«irf > vl'* 9 % *8 1 *******
htDar. *3t Jfc* CDC Up 11
PWf/- 10th Day . a^aa '*k| W* intllMnßi
YITALIS 20thI)a y- W nsiscnv
rRODI IKS THF AItOTE 30th Day. HkMCUTII
RICSI LTS. It quickly ft »ur*ly removes Nerrousness, Impotencr,
Nightly Emissions. Eril Dreams Waatinj Diseases and all effect.
or self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality, -
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cure* when all others fail. Insist on haTing VITALI 9, .
no other. Can. be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.06
per packace or six for »5.(>0 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the> Money. Circular Free Address
CALtMET CURB CO.. 834 IKarborn SU, Chlcag 9
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful apbrodisine and specific ton .
for. the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy tor diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. 'A great KestoTative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its owa '
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NADER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
US Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular. 1
IA/. X. HESS,
. KOTIKT FUBLIO AMD ATTOBNET-AT LAW.
Tenth floor, Kuom IUIS, Claus S *eU Bldf.
Xslapbos* Brown 831. . ~ -* - *
Residence. SU CaJltorstla St.. below PowaU.
Baa Franctsoo.
56
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 11, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts,. S P.
Telephone Main ISSB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 2SI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tr>ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
6i> cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mail. $150 ;
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£ft» Bon««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. |
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until |
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
•treet. corner Stxtecnth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty«*coft4 mam
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS
Baldwin— "Mistake* Will Happen."
California — "Finnlgan's Ball."
Columbia Kellar, the Magician.
Alcazar— "Dr. Bill."
Morosco's — "Stranelers of Paris."
Tivoll— ••Girclie-Girofla."
Orpheum —Vaudeville.
Oiympia- Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Oakland Race Track— Hares.
Ingieslde Coursing rk— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Orpheum— Concert Thursday, November 17.
Kosenthal— Coming in December.
A BUSINESS CONTRAST.
TWO years ago the Congressmen from Illinois,
by about one day's work, secured an appropria
tion of $5.c00.000 to tear down and rebuild the
Chicago postoflke. They secured an act of Congress
v. employ special architects, on account of the pres
sure on the force of the architect of the Treasury.
Work in clearing off the immense building that had to
bt removed was begun, and now the foundation is
completed and ready to receive the superstructure.
A statement of the nature of the ground and the
foundation has just been published and is of interest
to San Francisco. The soil is loose mud and sand
for fifteen feet, then three feet of brittle clay, and
then for sixty feet very soft bluish clay mud, with
fiakes of stiffer material and gravel, below that hard
pan. The foundation was made of 5087 piles of Nor
way pine, driven to ultimate resistance, and then cut
off twenty-six feet below street level and twelve feet
below water level of the lake. The job of cutting !
was difficult, for water oozed through the mud, and
a? it could not be kept out the cutting of the piles was
done under water. The building will weigh 150,000
tons, and each pile will have to earn' thirty tons, but
a.; their carrying capacity is 136 tons, the load will be
easily borne.
The promptness with which thi* building is going
up, overcoming a mud and w»ter foundation, is |
highly creditable to the business push of Chicago. It j
is also in sharp contrast to the forlorn delays on the \
San Francisco Postoffice. The ground for the site !
in this city, as will be seen, is immensely superior for '
foundation to that in Chicago. Yet if a pint of water j
is seen in a trench here a howl goes up for a re- i
examination of the foundation, and in certain quar- j
ters every possible impeachment of the location is j
heralded to the world.
As a result of this fiddledeedeeing our appropria
tion sleeps in the treasury and the mechanics and la
borers of this city suffer for the money that should be
expended upon the work.
It is time for San Francisco to wake up, quit im
peaching the very ground she stands on, and to urge j
forward the beginning and hasten the completion of |
this building, which is greatly needed for decent !
quarters for our Federal offices and the convenience ot
the people.
A JUSTIFIABLE BOYCOTT.
ORDINARILY the boycott is a detestable
weapon, yet on the principle of fighting the
devil with fire it may reasonably be employed.
No one will find fault with the marriageable young
ladies of Alameda who have united for the elimination
from social life of a certain bachelors' club, a lot of
men banded in defiance of the Alamedan charmer
and the blandishments of Hymen.
It bachelors choose to meet for a jolly time, to
smoke, even to drink in moderate quantity, there is
no rebuke due. But a combination for the evil pur
pose of evading matrimony verges upon the crim
inal. The young ladies have undertaken a work of
moral as well as social reform. If a bachelor feels
that he cannot, unassisted, resist the inclination to
propose, he has no business to remain in Alameda,
where the temptation is so strong. Let him flee to
the wilderness. It is cowardly for him to collect
ethers of his kind about him. Some of them, if left
alone, might reform and live happily ever after, but
it the companionship of seasoned, hardened, woman
hating sinners, have no chance of leading better lives.
To succeed in their efforts, and fittingly punish the
transgressors, the young ladies must not only break
up the club, but, having brought the penitent mem
bers to their knees, simply promise, in every instance,
to be a sister.
At the Sacramento convention, when the Alameda
County candidate had to give way to Gage, the dele
gation announced that it intended to keep the Repub
lican banner. Alameda County can be depended upon
to abide by its word.
Perhaps the witness-stand will acquire some terror
for Huntington now that Hinton and La Rue are no
longer to doze in their official chairs. The president
of the Southern Pacific simply had fun with them.
Mayor Phelan's public utterances and documents
are received with interest. There will be no excep
tion when the sworn statement of his election ex
penses shall appear.
As to some of the secrets of the School Board, Gal
lagher has permitted the cat to escape the bag. In
ether words, he let her go, just like the original Gal
lagher.
There is enough in a name to have brought about
the defeat of District Attorney Fitzgerald for the po
sition of City and County Attorney.
Editor Hearst has never been reckoned a particu
larly brave man, but he has the courage to sign his
own productions.
Another thing we have reason to feel proud of is
the active dislike of the Paris journals.
WHERE WILL THE ELEMENTS GO?
THE fusion in this. State repelled more than it
attracted. It is safe to say that more Democrats
* repudiated it than rejected Bryan two years ago.
The national Democratic organization stood gallantly
by their sound money guns to the end and did ex
cellent execution. The address of their State Com
mittee was timely and effective. They bide their time.
It may never come. It may be that they are destined
to. the same partisan solitude that the remnant of the
old Federal party sought under the leadership of
j Jo Daviess after the defeat of Adams.
Without the late fusion the Popu st party of Cali
fornia would still be adolescent, with the sap of youth i
ii : it and a capacity for growth. But so many of its ,
I members followed their noses and chased the scent of j
; the flesh-pots that it is mangled beyond recognition, j
! Its last candidate for Governor, Mr. Webster, a citizen j
cf the best repute and standing, and an honest man,
was compelled to repudiate its course in the fusion
and put his "hand and influence to the defeat of its j
j combination with Maguire. Mr. Shanahan, its last j
hope for the life of its organization, when denied a
place on the official ballot, went with Webster. Mr.
! T. V. Cator, practically the organizer of the party in
! California and by far its ablest dialectician and cx
i pounder, turned from its debauchery in a disgust that
has led him to publicly declare his future allegiance
to the Republican party.
The Silver Republicans had so little of substance
and were so shadowy and illusive as an organization
that it is not necessary to discuss them at length.
They consisted of a self-constituted committee and a
disappointed ambition, which they mistook for prin
ciple. They indulged in the idle ceremony of the
laying on of hands on the head of Maguire, and, pre
tending to the apostolic succession in Republicanism,
gave him the chrism as the successor of Lincoln. But j
the profane ceremony deceived none of the true be
lievers in the great emancipator. The few who were
influenced by it have already found their way back
to their old party or are on the way there.
Judge Maguire's declaration that the fight will go
on, meaning thereby the fight for land confiscation,
free silver at 16 to I, and a shower of irredeemable
paper money, is an assurance of what his new Dem
ocracy proposes. Republicans hope that policy will
be followed. If a defeat in 1896 and 1898 has not ;
brayed those principles in the mortar to powder that
is fine enough to be thrown to the winds, the process !
I will be repeated in 1900 so effectively that it will be j
I thereafter unnecessary.
In the present House of Representatives California I
i- represented by three Republicans #id four fiat |
money men. In the next House she will have six :
Republicans and one -fiatist, and will strengthen the 1
sound money side of the Senate by one vote. We in
vite the attention of the country to these gains, and
send hail and greeting to all men, everywhere, who
have not lost faith in the republic and the principles j
en which it is founded.
THE NEXT SENATE.
ONE of the most gratifying results of the elec
tions is the assured return of a sufficient num
ber of Republicans to the United States Senate
to give the party full control of that branch of the
Government. For a long time past the Senate has
been the stumbling-block in the way of sound finan
cial legislation, but the changes now to be made in its
membership will render it a safeguard against any
possible monetary folly on the p^rt of the House.
The change will be indeed a notable one. The
: Democratic party, which but a short time ago
' seemed intrenched in power in the Senate, and from
' that vantage point threatened the nation with a free
! silver bill, is now to be hardly more than a faction
jin the chamber. It is bereft not only of numbers, but
! of leader?, and such Democrats as are there may yet
I be found following Populist guides instead of shaping
! policies for themselves.
Of the great Democratic galaxy that dominated the
Senate during Cleveland's term, Hill, Gorman, Black
burn, Voorhees, Harris and Vilas will be absent from
the Senate that is to be. Some of these are dead;
some are virtually out of politics, and they have left
jno strong successors. Senator White, who might
i have succeeded to the leadership, will also be absent,
i and so will Mills of Texas. Only two strong men of
! the old group remain — Morgan and Yest — and they
are too old and too weak from ill health to lead with
any vigor or efficiency.
From the present outlook there will be but twenty
eight Democrats in the Senate. Among these are some
eld war-horses like Cockrell, Turpie and Daniel, but
these are more given to making long-winded speeches
than anything else, and genuine leadership is not in
them. There remains for the Democrats of the Sen
ate, therefore, no apparent leader unless they choose
to follow the wild and bellowing Tillman of South
Carolina. If they refuse his control they will be
either a leaderless faction or else convert themselves
into a following for a silverite like Teller, or a Popu
list like Allen.
This plentiful lack of brains among the Democrats
o f the coming Senate is likely to have a marked effect
| upon the course of politics. It will enable the vigor
ous siiverites and Populists such as Teller, Allen,
Mantle and Cannon, to take the lead in opposition to
the Republican majority, and compel Democracy to
accept a subordinate place. Fusion, it is clear, is
coming home to roost. Hungry Democracy, in its
greed to devour Populism, is in danger of being swal
lowed itself.
The country, however, will give but little heed to
the predicament of the small Democratic faction.
Interest in the Senate will center in the strong and
ably led Republican majority that will control it.
Once more the highest council of the nation has be
come the stronghold of its conservative wisdom and
! constructive statesmanship. The victory of the year
: will be far-reaching and long lasting. Before the
Senate can be changed again all the financial problems
| of the country will be settled, and its money and cur
rency of all kinds established permanently on the
sound basis of gold.
RAILROAD CONSTRUCTION.
RECENTLY published statistics show that up to
the first day of October nearly 2200 miles of
railroad had been laid in the United States
during the year, and enough work is now under way,
it is said, to justify the belief that the total construc
tion for the whole year will exceed 3000 miles.
While this mileage is below the accomplishments
of some of the great railroad building years of the
past, it is a marked advance over anything attained
since the panic of 1893. In no year between 1893 and
the present year did the construction of new roads
equal 2000 miles. It will be seen, therefore, that the
revival of prosperity has already attained good head
way in railway enterprises as well as in other lines of
industry*.
It is to be noted that the figures given refer only
to railways to be traversed by steam locomotives, and
do not include any of the numerous electric lines
which in the more thickly populated sections of the
country are now radiating from the cities and ex
tending farther and farther into the suburbs. Some
of these electric lines in the East are of sufficient
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, KOYEMBER 11, 1898,
length and do a sufficient business to be counted as
more than mere street railways. If such lines as these
had been included in the report the showing for our
railroad enterprises would have been far better even
than it is.
Railway construction affords a fairly accurate
gauge of business conditions in this country. The
work demands all kinds of material from cross-ties
to equipments for palace cars, and nearly all classes
of people are benefited in their trade. The record of
increased construction is therefore doubly gratifying
as an evidence of the increased prosperity of both
labor and capital.
MR. PriELAN'S "VICTORY."
IT is usually easy to discern in the results of elec
tions the popular logic which determines them.
Underlying the selection of candidates there is
always some principle, some prejudice or sane idea
which, the moment the figures are subjected to analy
sis, yields a reason of some kind by which the result
I may be explained. For instance, Dr. Hill, who has
been elected Coroner, was the only candidate who
smashed the slate of the Committee of One Hundred.
Assessor Siebe, an unsuccessful Republican nominee,
was defeated because he has held the place too long.
The people evidently thought eight years with the
emoluments of the Assessor's 'office was sufficient for
one man.
But for what possible reason was James D. Phelan
re-elected Mayor? The people repudiated his entire
ticket, with a few insignificant exceptions, and yet
placed him at the head of the government again by a
majority which, like Mercutio's wound, though not
as wide as a church door nor as deep as a well, still
is sufficient. In other words, Mayor Phelan's po
litical methods, his candidates, his principles and his
faction, have all been buried under a mass of dis
approving ballots, but he has himself been re-elected.
This result is an anomaly in politics. Generally the
first man to feel the wrath of those whose political
sentiments he has outraged is the leader or boss.
But in the Mayor' ;i case Democratic anger has been
visited upon the creatures alone.
Mr. Phelan, with singular felicity, attributes the de
feat of his party to a desire on the part of the people
to support President McKinley's administration; but,
with characteristic conceit, he intimates that they j
took care of him on the ground that he has made j
an excellent Mayor and that the public weal demanded j
| his indorsement. In the hour of his trial perhaps no
one will grudge Mr. Phelan the privilege of laying
this flattering unction to his soul, but we may be par- j
■ doned for expressing in type a genial smile for the j
1 gayety with which he assumes that the public is un- i
able to penetrate the thin veil which conceals from
them the desperation of his logic.
Apparently there is no sense in the re-election of
Mayor Phelan. The same influences which over
whelmed Maguire and the other fusionists in city and I
State were arrayed against him. He was, in fact, per- |
sonally the cause of the major portion of Democratic j
dissatisfaction, and while his demagogy was more j
genteel than that of many of his colleagues, it was
none the less offensive to the masses of the people. ;
To defeat the entire Phelan-Maguire combine in State
and city and re-elect Phelan, the chief conspirator
against popular liberty, seems to us decidedly illogical.
There must, therefore, be some other reason for his
"great victory."
It has been said that success is sometimes accom
panied by more pain than defeat, and we know of in
stances where the people have elected men to office ;
for the purpose of punishing them. Can it be pos- |
sible that Phelan has been chosen in order that his j
last days in politics may be as miserable as possibly? j
What can he do, surrounded by Republican Super- j
visors and Republican officials, except to writhe and j
kick and chew soap? All his political movements |
will be met with counter movements; his vetoes will -
be turned against him; his public utterances will be
criticized and used to discomfit him; his late party
friends will envy him and detract from the merit of
his acts; in short, the final year of his political
career will, by the politicians of his own as well as #
the opposition party, be made a horrid nightmare.
We are inclined to think, however, that if this is the
purpose of the people they are inflicting cruel and
unusual punishment. They should have retired Mr.
Phelan with the rest. Political cruelty should not be I
refined in this way. It is barbarous.
ANNUAL expositions held by the Mechanics'
Institute in this city have served at this sea
son of the year to direct public attention to
our home products and to reawaken in the minds of
the people a sense of their extent and the importance
of upbuilding them. This year there has been no
Mechanics' Fair, and will be none. Whatever stim
ulus is to be given toward the promotion of home
industries must come from other sources. It is,
therefore, gratifying to note that there will be an ex
position of home products at Oakland, and that it will
be made as comprehensive and complete as pos
sible.
The importance of a liberal patronage of home
products in the home market has long been recog
nized by all intelligent students of our industrial and
commercial system. It is known that we import into
California large quantities of manufactured goods
when articles of the same class and of equally good or
better quality made in California are ignored in the
local market and have to seek consumers in the East
or in foreign countries. By this practice there is a
loss to both the producer and the consumer, and a
double drain of waste 13 made upon the revenues of
the people.
There are good reasons for believing that a better
condition of things will prevail among us at no very
distant date. Strong associations are working for the
reform. The State Board of Trade, the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, the Chamber of
Commerce and the Merchants' Association of San
Francisco and similar bodies in other communities
have been engaged for some time past in an earnest
campaign of education on the subject. Throughout
the State the press has lent its aid to the work, and
there can be no question but what a great deal has
been done to make the home market more profitable
to home industries than it has been heretofore.
The creation of public sentiment in favor of
home products will not be sufficient, however, to ac
complish all that is desired. Sentiment affects busi
ness to a large extent, but it does not control it. Un
less the producers make known the nature and quality
of their products it will be in vain that the people
are appealed to to purchase them.
The Oakland exposition affords a good oppor
tunity for an exposition of home industries, and it is
to be hoped our producers generally will avail them
selves of U. The time has come for us to begin pre
parations for our State exposition at Paris, and all
local fairs held at this time serve as rehearsals for the
great display to be made before all the world. Every
effort, therefore, should be made to render these fairs
as brilliant and as instructive as possible. When prop
erly conducted, made use of and patronized, they will
be most potent aids in bringing about the much de
sired result of making California the best market in
the world for the products of her people. i
OUR HOME PRODUCTS.
THE SPOILS
AWARDED TO
THE WORKERS
Deputies' Places Are
Mostly Filled.
HARLOW LIKE THE BROOK
ROGERS HAS MANY FAT VACAN
CIES TO DISPOSE OF.
In Several of the Offices With Prin
cipals Re-elected There Will Be
No Changes in the
Staffs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 10.
Already the candidates-elect for county
offices have given Indications of how the
patronage of their offices will be distrib
uted.
Some time ago at the San Leandro con
vention The Call stated how many of the
deputyships would be filled, and recent
developments prove the correctness of
that information.
Under District Attorney J. J. Allen his
chief deputy will be H. A. Melvin. who
has been in the office for four years; At
torney Phil 11 Walsh will be another
deputy; George Samuels, who nominated
Judge Allen in the convention, another,
while It is said that Abe Leach and T. \V.
Harris of Pleasanton will complete the
list. In the Auditor's office J. Cal Ewing
has signified his intention of appointing
J. J. Hannilln Jr. as his chief deputy, and
James B. Dean an assistant.
Mortimer Smith and J. W. Stetson, who
have been elected City Justices, will be
Police Judge and Justice respectively, the
choice being reposed in the Mayor. The
Police Judge will have to appoint a clerk
of his court and an official stenographer.
When Oscar L. Rogers assumes the
duties of the Sheriff he will have to ap
point an Under Sheriff, two jailers, four
bailiffs of the Superior Court and a host
of other deputies. W. S. Harlow, who
has been Under Sheriff for twenty-three
years, does not expect to be succeeded by
a. Bt ranger.
The other deputyships will be scattered
all over the county. Louis Schoneau of
Alameda, George Taylor of Livermore,
[Jeorge Wales of Newark and Sam Heller,
who was a candidate for Sheriff but re
signed in favor of Rogers, are also declar
ing they have the inside track to the
Sheriff's office.
Assessor Dalton will make no changes
In his office, and it is said that County
L'lerk Jordan will also retain all his pres
ent deputies, although he will have to ap
point a chief deputy to Bucceed Auditor-
L-lect Cal Ewing.
The re-election of Messrs. Church and
ralcott for Supervisors guarantees a
continuation of the terms of office of the
lounty employes.
Recorder-elect Grim requires two dep
.ltles, and he will undoubtedly take one
jl them from the street railroad men,
ivho organized for the sole purpose of
electing their old superintendent.
Coroner-elect Mehrmann has some
ieputies to appoint throughout the coun
ty. Deputy Quellin will probably not be
listurbed, as he has done good service,
rhe morgue will remain at Albert
Brown's establishment.
The township offices have been filled as
follows:
Eden Township — Justices of the Peace,
Pimental (fusion), Quinn (fusion): Con
stables, Gallett (fusion) , Ramage (R.).
Washington Township — Justices of the
Peace, Richmond (fusion), Sandholdt
!R.); Constables, Vanderwoort (R.), Tre
fry (fusion).
Murray Township — Justice of the Peace,
raylor (R.); Constables, Locke (R.), Fitz
gerald (fusion).
Brooklyn Township — Justice of the
Peace. Larue (Ind.); Constables, Cramer
(R.). White (fusion).
PLANTING FOOD FISH.
Many Big Mouth Black Bass Put
in Public Waters.
Tn the fall of 1595 the California Fish
Commissioners brourfit from the East
1000 big mouth black bees fry, which were
placed at the hatchery at Slssons to at
tain sufficient growth to battle for them
selves In the streams of California. The
first distribution of those fish in the pub
lic waters Is now taking place.
A few days ago 100 two-year-old fish
were pat Into the Russian River, near
Duncans Mills. One hundred more were
placed in the San Joaqnin River near
Tracy and 250 in the same stream in
Fresno County. Yesterday Lake Merced
received 100 fish, and 50 were put into
Tule River in Tulare County. To-day 400
flsh will be shipped to the San Joaquin
River to be placed in the water near the
mouths of the Stanislaus and Mokolumne
Rivers.
The big mouth black bass are specially
adapted to warm waters and they grow
to be much larger than the sm;)ll" mouth
variety, now common In many of the
streams of the State. The Commissioners
believe they will flourish in the water of
the San Joaquin River and its many tri
butaries and sloughs that branch far out
from it into all 01 the surrounding coun
try. There is no doubt that in a few
years these streams will be filled with fine
food and game fish. The Commissioners
make the urgent request that anglers in
any of the streams mentioned, and espec
ially In the Russian River, will refrain
from taking any big mouth black bass for
a few years until the fish have a chance
to increase. Every fish returned to the
water will mean plenty of sport in the
futurp. The big mouth black bass Is easy
to distinguish from any of the other of
the finny tribe.
It is larger than the small mouth vari
ety and the size of the mouth is a most
distinguishing feature. 'It is also of a
much brighter silvery color.
HARRY MURRAY'S DISCOVERY.
A Four-Inch Shell Found at the Late
Residence of Mrs. Shields.
Harry Murray, a paperhanger residing
at 1 Ewer place, made a peculiar find
while engaged in papering the residence
lately occupied by Mrs. Shields at 201 Vir*
ginia avenue— the place it is alleged the
woman attempted to burn on the night
of September 26 last, and for which she Is
now awaiting trial on the charge of arson.
While clearing away some rubbish in a
kitchen on the lower floor, Murray dis
covered a four-inch shell under some
shelving. The death dealing missile was
covered by a lot of old rags and paper.
Murray removed the shell and took it
to his home.
Had the house been burned down, as
Mrs. Shields Intended, this shell would un
doubtedly have exploded and in doing so
would, in all probability, have brought
death to one or more persons engaged in
extinguishing the fire. Whether Mrs.
Shields knew of the shell being in the
kitchen closet or not is a question not
likely to be discovered soon. At all
events Harry Murray has brought it to
his home as' a souvenir of Mrs. Shields'
late residence.
Seeks a New Trial.
Carlotta Quackenbush, who claims to be
the widow of the late Thomas Quacken
bush, filed two affidavits yesterday in the
Superior Court in support of her motion
for a new trial. In her affidavit Mrs.
Quackenbush avers that she was greatly
handicapped during the last trial in being
financially unable to get witnesses she
required. Since that time she has com
pleted her case and asks another hearing.
Simon Levy, who at one time resided in
the same house occupied by the Quaeken
bushee, made affidavit that he recollected
that Quackenbush recognized the plain
tiff as his wife and lived with her as her
husband.
ADVZBTISEMExTTa^ ___ •
I interesting store news :
1 Santa C/aus is coming overland; get a copy of our booklet, ****£. j
1 how to cook and how to carve it," free; we keep open every Saturday
I night until Xmas ; have you thought of your tab ***'™'™"*™''™**?.- |
I enamel ware for thanksgiving? Concert every Saturday 2to 5, Brucks
§ orchestra, Sohmer Grand Piano. Oh, how the toys are tumbling in! The
i ladies' parlor and nurse at your service. We are preparing to make the
[I children happy ! ;,: ;
8 yesterday saw crowds all over oar stores
I the mid=autnmn' millinery display was mach
I admired (Way is second day): our art
I needlework exhibit has originality and taste.
in gay Paris :
Brown and castor are the favorite shade*:
spots and dashes are on even' chapeaux;
wings, quills and feathers galore; the
rich "Cyrano de Bergerac" hat is still in
favor; felts are very rapidly becoming
popular. See our hats after Parisian mod-
els.
in London grand:
The rich Cyrano purple is a clotw rival
to castor and felts, with large angel wings
are the thing; aigrettes are exceedingly
profuslve and velvet toque* are seen in
such highly fashionable resort* as Hyde
Park and The Row.
what New York wears :
We show such styles as the "Capellne
Fontenay," after Camllle Roger of Parl3,
to be worn with hair a la pompadour;
I' toque "Manoy," of mouse gray velvet:
"Le Roscane," for round contour In the
face, and copies of the celebrated "Tria-
non," after Marescot Soeurs of Paris.
I JEST* 937 to 947 Market St., tS£T B
I Petaluma SAN FRANCISCO. . Los Angles |a
U llllllMlllllllllll —^-—-i^^^—^-l
WHY MAGUIRE WAS DEFEATED"
From the Sacramento Bee.
The campalgrn Is over. Defeat has been the portion of James G. Ma
guire, as the Bee was afraid It would be; as It warned his managers would
be the fate of their candidate if they persisted In .heir idiotic plan of cam
paign.
Let us review the events of the past two months and see what tale
they tell: Had the election taken place early in September James G. Ma
gulre would have been elec by 20,000 to 30,000 majority. The people were
with him. He was probably the strongest, man with the masses who could
have been named. He had been manly, outspoken, broad and decided In
his views. He had made a splendid Impression wherever he went, where
as Gagre had been a chill and a frost. Republican politicians did not hesi
tate to declare that Gage was doomed unless something should happen to
turn the tide. And that something did happen. "With victory easily in their
grasp, and evidently at the dictation of the San Francisco Examiner, the
Board of Strategy conducting the Magulre fight mapped out an idiotic plan
of campaign which drove votes from that candidate from its very incep
tion. They narrowed the issues down to only one — It was the San Fran
cisco Examiner on one hand and C. P. Huntington on the other. That was
not the way the Board of Strategy put It, but that most undeniably was the
way in which the people viewed it. And that idea grew with its growth
and strengthened with its strength when it became noticeable that James
G. Maguire, the champion of the masses on many a vital issue, had only
one subject to speak about — the railroad. It extended into a conviction on
the part of the people when the Examiner day in and day out threw col
umns of written and pictorial billingsgate at all who were not for Maguire,
and denounced them as railroad hirelings and numerous other choice pet
names from the Examiner vocabulary. The conviction became stamped as
an absolute certainty when Maguire was rushed through Northern Califor
nia on an Examiner special train as the Examiner candidate for Governor.
The issue vhich had been idiotically worked up by Magulre's own
campaign committee and was at last brazenly thrust down the throats of
the people by the Examiner was accepted by the voters.
They too^k tho bit in their teeth and repudiated the Examiner, although
that carried with it the defeat of Maguire.
Whether it has resulteu in a victory for C. P. Huntington can better
be answered after the citizens have had a good opportunity to Judge the ad
ministration of Henry T. Gage.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. E. Flnley and bride of Vlsalia are at
the Lick.
Sam Matthews, a large cattle-man of
Salinas, Is at the Russ.
Railroad Commissioner W. R, Clark of
Stockton is at the Baldwin.
E. Jacobs, a well-known capitalist of
Visalia, is at the Occidental.
A. Ferbos, an extensive prune grower of
San Jose, is at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Gregg and family
of Honolulu are at the Russ.
Mrs. Alpheus Bull and the Misses Bull
of Belmont are at the Palace.
Surveyor General M. J. Wright is among
recent arrivals at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan is a guest at the Palace.
H. B. Gillis, a prominent Yreka attor
ney, is a gurst at the Occidental.
W, Li. Rog-ers, a well-known merchant
of "Wntsonville, Is at the Baldwin.
J. F. Clapp, the well-known San An
dreas mining man, is at the Grand.
County Recorder Otto yon Detten and
vrlfe of Stockton are at the Grand.
C. h. Merriam, son of General Merriam,
arrived from Honolulu yesterday on the
Australia.
W. E. and John 8. Cook, prominent
lumber men of Klamath, are at the
Occidental.
Captain C. B. Hardin of the Eighteenth
United States Cavalry ia a guest at the
Occidental.
' F. J. Clay, deputy Collector of the Port
of Honolulu, arrived here yesterday on
the Australia.
Mr?. General R. H. Warfleld and son
Emerson are on an Eastern trip, to last
several months.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento
Record-Union, is at the Russ, accom
panied by Mrs. "Willis.
C. Ross Anderson, a Chico hotel-keeper,
accompanied by his wife and Miss JL
McMillan, is at the Russ.
Luis R. Brewer, a large coffee planter
of Guatemala, accompanied by his four
children, is at the Occidental.
T. Murota. Japanese Minister to Mexico,
is in the city for a few days, en route
from Peru to the City of Mexico.
W. Clayton PickcrsviU, the local En
glish Consul, has returned from London
and taken rooms at the California.
General A. W. Greely, the celebrated
Arctic explorer, arrived from the East
yesterday and put up at the Palace.
E. W. Hardin of the United States
Treasury Department arrived from the
Orient yesterday, registering at the Pal
ace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Wilder of Honolulu
are at the Occidental. Mr. Wilder is pres
ident of the Wilder Steamship ( ompany
and one of the most prominent residents
of the Islands.
Mrs. A. S. Humphreys and three of her
dainty art work :
Made her» In our own art needlnrork
and painting department; the extent o* the
fancy articles would surprise many folks:
Pillows of satin, denim, silk, velvet and
tapestry. $1.50 to $16; pincushions,
satin hand embroidered^ silk, plain or hand
painted satin, $1 to $6; bureau sets of 3
or 4 pieces, satin embroidered, $5.50 to
$25.
rich yet not costly.
Picture frames, canvas, linen or satin,
$1.50 to $5 each; suspenders for ladies,
satin, hand embroidered, made to order
for $4.50 to $1O; mufflers also to order,
$3,50 to $10; Berkeley and Stanford pic-
ture frames in collegiate colors, plain, 25
hand worked, complete, ready for pre-
sentation, $1.75.
elsgant thanksgiving keepsakes
For "my lady" or for "him": handker-
chief cases In silk, satin, plush, linen, hand
embroidered, silk lined, $3 to $6; glove
or cravat cases In linen, hand embroider-
ed, $4; shopping bags with fancy colored
lining, enameled top. $2 to $3.50; here's
a fond mother's opportunity, baty bas-
kets of dainty wickerwork, of Swiss, either
plain or dotted, ribboned and with lace
ruffles, prico according to richness, $5
to $10.
Bisters, the Misses Afong, arrived from
Honolulu yesterday and registered at the
Palace. One of their many sisters Is mar
ried to Captain Whiting of the United
States steamship Monadnock. Their
father, who amassed great wealth at the
Islands, is a Chinese; and their mother
was a native Hawaiian. They are young
ladies of much cultivation, and move in
the best Hawaiian society.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Among to
night's arrivals are Claus Spreckels and
A. B. Spreckels of San Francisco. They
are at the Shoreham.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— H. Duglas and
Mrs. C. V. McGummer of San Francisco
are at the Imperial. J. M. Wllkins of San
Francisco Is at the Majestic I. da Costa
Duarte of San Francisco is at the Bar
tholdi. Mr. and Mrs. S. Walker of San
Francisco are at the Vendome. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Walleman of San Francisco
are at the Normandie.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend'i*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Eureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A WOMAN'S REASONING
Husband— Why don't you wear your new
dress?
Wife— lt is unbecoming, or else it is out
of style, or possioly it is a horrid misfit
I'm not sure which, but I must look like a
fright or a simpleton in it.
Husband — Why so?
Wife — All my friends praise It. New
York Weekly.
"Mrs. Winslow'B Soothing Syrup"
Has been used ovsr flftv years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes tha child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is :h«s best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 2oc a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather.
lea%es every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
eta on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63$ Market St.,
San Francisco.
HOTEL. DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay {2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. S;m Francisco.
I . ♦ . — — I
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY A-ND
permanently cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat, sleep..; work and
happy. Satisfaction Guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, U to 2. Among the Bar
rels. 663 Market St.OLYMPIC CLUB
MEMBER ROBBED
OF JEWELRY
Jules Carnage Is the
Victim.
HIS LOCKER FORCED OPEN
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN AND
AN EMERALD STOLEN.
The Police Were Notified of the Theft,
but Have as Yet Obtained No
Clew to the
Thief.
For the past week detectives have been
endeavoring, without success, to unravel :
the mystery of the disappearance of valu- j
able jewelry belonging to a member of the j
Olympic Club, but as yet ■without success.
The victim is Jules On mage, the col
iCctor. A week aj?o yesterday he went to ,
Lab to taie a swim In the salt-water
lank. Instead of leaving his valuables !
In i he office, as is usual, he took them
w; 1 .':: hJm and left them in his clothes in i
hi a locker.
He was not more than fifteen minutes
in the tank. ;ind when he returned to his
r he discovered th.-it during his ab
;he door had been opened and his
jt-v.-elry was miss!;:g. His jowelry in- j
i :v gold watch ana chain and an ■
Id that lie valued at 51500. A valu
pair at cuff buttons were overlooked i
thief, but a. $20 gold piece had been '
As soon as Gamaga had donned ins
ea he reported his loss to the cl-rk
in the office, and the polio; were also no- .
tifled. ien every effort has been
to trace the missing jewelry, but j
without success.
(i.iraagp i? satisfied that the thief is a
member of the club. He suspects one man
leclines to name him. He has, huw
told the police of his suspicions.
and the member Is being shadowed. It id
supposed that the thief had wa4
i Jainage from the moment he entered the
club, and as soon as he left to go Into the
tank the locker was opened with a skele
ton key and the articles stolen.
This is not the first time that thieving
members of the club have robbed their
fellow-members while they were in the
swimming tank or in the gymnasium.
Two of trtem were caught, and served a
te:rn in jail.
EIGHTY DOGS WILL RUN.
Great Coursing Between Great Dogs j
at the Ingleside Park To-
Morrow.
Eighty first-class greyhounds -will run
under the watchful eye of the prince of
coursing judges, John Grace, at the Ingle
elde coursing park to-morrow and Sun
day. Eight hundred gold dollars will be
divided among the owners of the success
ful dogs, and that is an evidence indis
putable that the sport is flourishing in the^
old park, and doubtless it will continue
to prosper as long as fair play is meted
out to the owners and spectators. The
hounds that will meet in slips and the
probable winners will be found following:
Open stake, eighty dogs, prizes $SoO—Draw
' Ing: "White Earth Kennel's Lottie M vs. Y.
Rcilley'a Speculation; D. Cronin's Swinnerton
vs Pen«lope Keunel'3 LO3 PaJmos; A. & B.
Kennel's Victor King vs. H. A. Deckelman s
Glen Hoy P. G. Henna's Royal Buck vs. G.
llorans Snapshot: Russel & Wilsons Glen
Rosa ye. Bartell Brothers' Border Ruffian; Dr.
J. Welch's Sharkey vs. F. Moran's Royal Prize;
James Farley's Mystic vs. J. Murnanes Miss
Divide: '. P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit vs. T.
McNeil's Master Gienkirk; W. Perry's Cam
ranla ye. D. Hooper's Bendalong; Saratoga
Kennel' i Oolden West vs. Larkey & Rock's
Liberty BeU; T. Hughes' Irene H va. Pembroke
Kennel's Joy Bells; J. Desmond's Fielder vs.
A. McLaughlin's Coolraine; F. G. Fenman's
California vs. C. Strehl's Star Pointer; O Neil
& nrahan'fl Promise Me vs. Russel & Wll
non'a Victor Queen; Ruseel & Wilson's Jennie
"Wilson vs. H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory; M.
Herzog's Little Delight vs. J. O'Shea's Rath
bone; P. Rellley'a Master Mat vs. H. R. Bald
win's Forget; John Kazan's Billy Gladstone vs.
Kartell Brothers' Macs Melody; F. C. Klein's
M. Llss vs. T. M. Rodgera* Olga; H. R. Bald
win's Forgive vs. I. L. Sears' iseauty; Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal vs. V. G. Kenna's
Flyaway; Pembroke Kennel's Terrona vs. J.
O'Dowd's Mission Tip; H. A. Dc-ckelman's Pet
Kirby vs. Bartell Brother* 1 Rest Assured;
N&lly & Morley's Lady Van vs. E. J. Heeney's
Harkaway; G. Lahuaen'a Wheel o' Fortune vs.
J. O'Shea's Young America; M. Allen's Miss
Alice vs. John Field's Santa Bella; Pembroke
Kennel's Sylvanue vs. W. C. Badger's Phoenix;
G: Smart"? Silkwood vs. P. G. Kenna'B Law
rence; I. <;. Kenna's Fear Not vs. Gibson &
Sater'p (Iripinan; Anaconda Kennel's Trink vs.
J. Diane's Mobndyne; Lowe & Thompson's
Phoebe vs. A. Viii!derberg''s American Eagle;
P. •'.. Kenna's Flying Buck vs. T. A. Far
ming's Babe Murphy; F. Moran's Golden Rus
set vs. J. Hurley's Jimmy Rix; H. R. IJald
■CTin's Brutus vs. "White Earth Kennel's Sou
tirr-ttp; Joe Perry's Commodore Nash vs. J.
Iteidy'S Bernlce; A. Mas-soy's Hadawtat vs. Joe
Perry's Fedi ra; J. Murnane's Flashlight vs. A.
& B. Kennel' B Rock Island Boy; Xal!y & Mor
lejr*s White Diamond V*. Saratoga Kennel's
Silverado: J. Deane's BriKlantine vs. W.
Smith Silverfoot; D. Hooper's lawn vs.
J. K. Dougherty'a White Rocket.
Last Friday The Call tipped twenty
seven winners out of thirty-two courses In
the run down of the open stake, and eight
winners of the eleven courses in the
puppy stake. This Is a selection of win
ners good enough for the consideration
of tho most critical of observers. In the
run down of the eighty-dog stake, which
will be decided to-morro*w, The Call se
lects as probable winners the following
dogs:
Lottie M, Lan Talmas, Victor King, Royal
Buck, Gien Rosa, Royal Prize, Miss Dividend,
Counterfeit, Campania, Liberty Bell, Joy Bells.
Coolraine, f-"tar Pointer, Promise Me, Old
Olory, Rathbone, Forget, Mac's Melody, For
give, Prince Hal, Terrona. Rest Assured, Hark
away, Young America, Miss Alice, Sylvanus.
Lawrence; Fear Not, Moondyne, American
Eagle, Flying Buck, Golden Russet, Soubrette,
Bernice. Hadawlst. Rock Inland Boy. White
Diamond, Brllliantlne and Koolawn.
The probable winners of the stake are
Prince Hal, Moondyne,, Koolawn and
Rock Island Boy. :
Courses in the run down that look
pomewhat doubtful are the ones between
Royal Buck and Snap Shot, Mystic and
Miss Dividend. Billy Gladstone and Mac's
Melody.
Quietly Married.
Mrs. Caroline Turrell of Sacramento was
married Wednesday evening at the resi
dence of her father, F. R. Dray, to Chas.
A. Culver of this city. Only immediate
relatives of the family were present. The
happy pair took a train for New York
«'iiy. where the groom, who has been
manager for Cluett, Coon & Co.. in San
Francreco, a number <->f years past, will
assume that responsible -position in their
New York house. The father of the bride
is an ex-State Senator, and also a promi
i,<-nt banker at Sacramento. The wedding
bad been unannounced, and was a great
surprise to most of their friends.
Sons of Vermont Entertain.
A vaudeville entertainment, und^r the
FupervlKlon of the Native Sons of Ver
mont, will be given at Odd Fellows' Hall
to-night. On ttio programme are: Miss
May de Mar and company, Mrs. H. Bar
ton, Miss Sadie Johnson, Miss Letita
Mordhorst, little Irene Wilson, Leslie
■eon, character vocalists I.ynton and
V.'ha Jen, producing the beautiful sketch
"Life's Shade and Light."' Barney Rey
nolda and Professor Oraber'a mandolin
and banjo class. The performance will be
managed by Mrs. May Joseph! Klncald.
Escaped From "Whittier.
Thomas Peters, alias George Rosbert,
•who escaped from the Whittier Reform
fi< hool last February, was arrested yes
ifrday by Policemen Meyer and McNa
inara on Market street and locked up in
the City Prison until an attache of me
*< hool shall come to take him back.
I'eters was sent to the school in October
last year, having been arrested here for
burglary. He Is 19 years of age.
1 n. -mw ADVERTISEMENTS. ___~,._~~~~~
WB S ; You know us and our oatmeal; know
W 'Hr <&b!sSSS3hSP > that we manufacture only the finest cereal
J|f Ilia _j^^^^S^ our name is guaranteed both to the public
It! J&M&S j^SP^ 1 and the grocers. So sure are we of pleasing
Jiff y^^^^fe^^^^ that in Pursuance of our usual custom in in-
Ml i^^^^^^^fe^^_ troducing new articles, we offer our cus-
;. . tomers the first package as above, entirely
: jM W^^^^jg^^^ ■ COSt . THE H=O (Hornby's Oatmeal) CO.
A.
Aschmann & Muller.
Arnold Bros.
Altman, W.
Armstrong, W. H,
Aldrich, E. K.
Alpers, Geo.
Alzeroth. Ed.
B.
Boge, Aug.
Bergfeld & Jeba.
Blohin Bros.
Bear & Buckley Co.
Becker, D. & Co.
Bruse, Chris.
Bibo, Newman & Ikenberj.
Borgfeldt & Hollenstelner.
Borgfeldt, C. J.
Hultmann Bros.
Berendsen, J.
Belli, M. & Co.
Beersman, H.
Barrman, J. C.
Bru»e, B. F.
Brandt & Robohtn, IM2 Kills, Golden Gate aye.
and Webster.
Brandt, John.
Earner, W.
Bruns Bros.
Beckman, Wm., 454 Sixth.
Bowe, W. H.
Burns, W. A.
Baden, J. H. a
Binder, Ed.
Blohm Bros.
Claussen. J. H., Geary and Taykr.
Creede, F. P.
Cross. D.
Claussen, John, 1700 Howard.
Claussen, C.
Collor, Mrs. M.
Corcoran. T. H. A Co.
Chace, J. L. & Co.
Crowe & Hutchinson.
Claaaen, J. B.
Cordes, B.
Cluff Bros., 401 Hayes.
Cluff, W. B. A Co., 17 Sixth street.
Coleman, H.
Cronln, Mrs. Mary.
Carstensen. J.
Cosgrove Bros. ._^.
[ Citron, Mxi. . k „,
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, NOVEMBER lt t 1898.
Dyer, W. J. & Co.
Dugan, J.
Davenport, H. A.
Dannemark, Geo. H.
Drewp, C. H.
I»unkelmann & Jenssen.
E.
Klben, J. H. E.
Klchorst & Siebke.
Khk-rs & Golech.
F.
Foyer, E. C.
Fa!k, J.
Flathtnann. H.
Fltzpatrick & Ward.
FeiiFS. J.
: Fagi'they, Frank.
i Faltings, J.
Fue!?cher. H.
Frerichs, M.
Frey. H-
Finley, Jas. & Co.
Fladmark. O. J.
Flemor. Henry. .
Faber. Fred. «•
Frericks, F.
Feldmann, John D. & Co.
C
Fred.
i'yalkowiky, A.
Faber * Co.
Foge, J. M.
G.
Glandcr Bros.. 201 Clement, 1732 Fillmore.
<iirrch, Paul.
<ioh! & Nelson.
<}*lsel. Kugene E.
1 Golder Bros.
i;otz, E. & J.
Geruns, J.
Goetjen. H. & Co.
Glea«on, P. F.
H.
Hadeler, C.
Harms, A. H.
, Hink, M.
i Heise, J. D.
! Hems, J. D. ft Co. 3
! Horn-ltz A Cohn.
Holzhausen, R.
| Hoffman & Woenne.
[Hadeler, Jobo. m
Hencken, M.
Heide & Pfahlert.
lions, Henry.
Ilalln, Herman.
Hegerhorst, J.
Harndorf, Chas.
Heatley. V.
Heitmann. H.
Sink, C. J.
Hunlng, Carl.
Hartje. F.
Henning, R.
Hollman, H.
Heinecke Bros., 4201 Eighteenth.
Helms, J. E. A.
Harris, W. F.. 825 Larkin, 92 Ninth, 24 Seventh,
221 Third.
Harney. C. A.
Hackfeld, H., Hayes and Lyon.
Hoger Bros.
Hofmann, Louis.
Hons, E. J.
Hadeler, D. ■ • '
Herke, Chris.
1.
Inselmann, H. I. C. .
Irvine Bros., 570 Howard, 1302 Polk, 308 Fourth,
1421 Stockton. ,
J.
Jacobsen, Andrew, 2500 _ *
Junck, H. D.
Johns, T.
Johnson Bros., 1837 Polk.
Joost. J. _
' . X*
Kumeeke & Frl«che.
Kenney, A. II a
Kattenhorn, 11. C.
KleveFahl, E.
Kennedy & O' Keefe.
Koch, F. H.
Kroenke, J.
Kirner, J-
Kaechle & Roller-
KeeFling, Wm.
Keefe. D. F. ,
Kneubel, J.
Kaiser, F. A.
Kolllng & Creon.
Kahn, 8.
X
Levy. D-
>Ubby A Co, 1
Lackmann, H. G.
Llnderman, J. H.
Lehrke, H. & Son*
Llnfesty Bros.
I^evln Bros. (Inc.)
Lincoln Bros.
Lebenbaum. L. & Co.
I.udeke, Geo.
Ltlienthal, J.
Lawler. M. if
Lunden, i.
Luhrs, E.
Mangels, Geo.
Manning, M. J.
Menken, D.
Mlchaelis, H. F. A Ca
McCoy & Nesbltt.
Methmann, H., 2498 Market, sixteenth and Noe
Mahoney, E. P.
Meyer, W. M.
Meyer, H. F.
McVicker & Broderlck.
Mangels, H. W.
Markraiit, L.
McCaw Bros.
McCnwn Grocery Co.
Mahoney & Mahoney.
Melnert, J.
Meyer, M. r>. & Co.
Muller, Henry.
Meyer & Kohn.
Meyer, Henry,' Polk and McAllister.
Melsel. H. C.
Meyer. D.
Mangels, J. H. & H.
Murphy, D.
Montgomery & Co.
Mahler. J. D.
McCoy, R. M. & Son.
Muller, C. A.
Meyer. Martin.
Mohrman & Diercks.
Morken, "Wm. C.
Mack. F. C.
Moeller, M.
N.
Nlenatadt, K. R.
0.
O'Connor Bros.
Ostendorf, E. A. _^
Peter* & Waldau.
I'arkln, C. A.
« Peters Bros., 798 Halght.
1 I'eterseu. C
Puttlck. Mm. I*
Phillips & Malic.
Pecht. R. '
Presho & Kingston.
Powell. Mrs. Capt. VL_
Quill * Donovan.
XV.
Robinson * Knox, 800 Valencia, 92S Mark.t.
Rippe & Schutte.
Ring Bros.
Rusconl & Bulottl.
Robber* & Rulfs.
Rlppe, Fred.
Radke, M. F.
Raucke Bros.
Rosenblum, J.
R^hj cce cn E BroY C< 21 Stockton. 8253 FUlmore.
Roehrs, Wm.
Rlppe. J. H.
Rehm, C. F.
Rodewald Co.. Th»
Raschen & Co.
Ruin's, ' P. H. —
Rleme'r, Julius.
Robinson, John.
s.
Schultze, H. A.
Schranz & Wataman.
Standard Tea Co.
Stelllng, C, 676 Fourth.
Behomaker. T.
Stelmke. Wm.
Schenkberg, A.
Schmidt. J. H.
Speckter, R.
Silk, P. J.
Stumpf. M. & Co.
Schroeder, John.
Seeelken, H.
Silk. J.
Schleef. J. H.
Sullivan Bros.
Schmidt, W. B.
Smith's Cash Stort.
Schomaker, O.
Sbarboro A Co.
Schou, F.
Slack. C. A.
6?hulz. H.
Schroder, H. at Co.
Stunker & Ehler*
SchJUrtz, J. F.
SchPen, John.
Simon, A.
Schlesingor, Char-
Standish, D. J.
Staler Bros.
Schonffld. Loulr
StuU Bros.
Schomer, J. F.
Slemers, J. O.
. Stelllng Bro»., Fourteenth and No*.
I Stelllng, C. Seventeenth and Douglaaa,
' Solomon Broa.
» Samuel, W. P.
I Schnutenhaua Broa,
I Schuiz, Wm.
' Etange, Carl.
' ' Speckmann, P. P.
Stelllng Bros., 1702 Church.
Schlichtman. H.
Schmidt, B.-
Solomon, T.
Stegeman, R.
6«lk. C. P.
Schulken Broa.
Schlrmer, A.
Scharenbers, Cha«.
T.
Tunnecllff* A King.
Tledemann, C, Twentieth street.
Tledemann, C, Polk street.
Tledemann, J.
Todt, D.
Tletjen, H.
Topp Bros.
Tlencken, H.
. Taylor, C. A.
IT.
Umland, P. H. ft Co.
' Vette. H.
Venker, C. H.
Van Glahn, D. H.
Yon Husen Broa.
Van Arsdale, J. R.
Verdenhalven, J. P.
Voilmer, J.
Yon Oeaen, J. S3. C
Yon der Mehden, G.
Yon der Huden, J. H.
w.
Wllllama, F. * Co.
Walter, I* M.
Wll»chu»en, J. H.
Woebcke & Yon Staden.
Warren & Hoffman.
Wiseman, I* M.
Wolf, R.
Wenzel Ji\, H.
Warnke, wm.
Wreden, C. i '
Wllkena Co., Qto. U
Wolklng, H. U
Wreden & Hlncken. N
Wright A Gaw. g
Wleger, J. 3
Warnke, H.
Watklna. A.
Wleboldt, T. F.
, ZlUmer, 3, •>
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
New quotations for Candle*.
Wheat weaker and Barley tfuiet.
Oats In fair demand.
Corn dull.
Rye firmly held.
Hay shows more tone.
FeedstulTs steady.
Beans show Eome change.
Alfalfa Seed firm.
Potatoes weak and dull.
Butter and Eggs advancing.
Poultry steady. Game unchanged.
New OrangeH coming in.
Lemons and Limes weak and dull.
gome change in Hldas.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Provisions as befor*.
Hogs firm.
Shipment of $24,081 to China.
Exchange lower again.
TREASURE SHIPMENT. -
The City of Rio de Janeiro took out a treas
ure list of $24,051, consisting of 117.326 In Mexi
can dollars. $4655 in gold coin and JilOO in gold
dust.
TRADE IN THE FARMING STATES.
IT IS BETTER THERE THAN IN THE
MANUFACTURING SECTIONS.
The circular of Henry Clews, under data of
New York. November 6. says: "Outside of
pniltical Influences the conditions bearing upon
the investment and speculative Interests are
very generally hopeful. Representations from
the West are especially so. Merchants hero
from that section ueem to have caught a boom
ing ton* and are full of hopeful expectations.
Tha Industries of that section seem to be In
«. much more prosperous state than those of
fiw» Eastern and Middle States, the tendency
apparently being to produce at home more of
art les which have hitherto been supplied from
the manufacturing sections. The ease of money
In the agricultural States is something re
markable for this season of the year. At some
of the centers the rate of interest is even lower
than at New York. This Is in a large measure
attributable to the unusual amount of money
that has been dlntributed through the Importa
tions of gold and to the expansion of the bank
circulation attendant on the Issues Of bonds in
connection with the war loan. Equally, per
haps the ease is a consequence of the large
liquidations of farm mortgages from the•pro
ceeds of the liberal yields and higher prices for
grain derived from the crops of last year and
this; the result of which la to swell the die
balances of the banks and produce a flush
condition in financial circles. This position of
affairs at the West Is likely to cause an Im
portant increase, hence forth, In the deposits
of the interior banks with their agents in this
city; and it would not be surprising if the con
sequences should appear In an extraordinary
expansion of the New York reserves and very
low rates of interest during the winter months.
"It is nuite likely that between now and
January l'some 20.000,000 busnels of wheat may
be shipped to Europe; and a large portion of
the proceeds may under the Western condi
tions above specified, be expected to remain in
this city on balance. It would Beem probable
that the extraordinary outflow of wheat has
reaHied its climax. Last week's export orders
fchow a marked falling off. That may be in
some measure due to the very high rates for
ocean freight incident to the current heavy
export movement: but, at the same time, the
recent large additions to European stocks are
calculated to check the export demand until
the farmers have made some concession from
the recently advanced prices."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 10—6 p.«m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flare as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 6.06
Bed Bluff ~ 0 1.11 2.79
Sacramento 0 0.81 2.1*
San Francisco 0 1.9J 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Obispo 0 0.68 O.SS
Los Angeles 0 0.11 *.47
6an Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Tuma 0 CIS 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, i 8; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington, Ore
gon and the plateau and Rocky Mountain re
gions; elsewhere it is cleah.
The pressure has risen rabidly over Wash
ington and Oregon and is nearly naif an Inch
above the normal.
Rain has fallen over the greater portions of
Washington and Oregon during the day.
The temperature has remained about sta
tionary in ail districts.
Conditions are favorable for high north wind
In the Sacramento Valley Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 11, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Friday; continued
cool; freeh north wind, high In the Sacramento
Valley and along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; continued
cool; fresh north wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Friday; cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy Friday; probably snow
In the mountains in the north portion.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fadr Friday;
fresh north wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind
north, 6 miles; temperature. 54: maximum tem
perature, 58. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Not. 10.— Prices surged upward
on the stock exchange to-day with what can
only be adequately described as a rush and a
roar. It was a day of furious actlvltv through
out In all departments and the closing was at
boiling point and at the best prices of the
day. The greatest Interest and activity was
shown In the railroad securities of all classes
and nearly all of those which were traded In
show at least 1 per cent higher for the stock.
The majority show gains of between 1 and 2
per cent.
This rate of Increase raised to between 2 and
8 per cent in the case of Atchlson preferred.
Rock Island, Baltimore and Ohio, Denver and
Rio Grande preferred. Union Pacific preferred,
St. Paul and Omaha, C. C, C. & St. L. and
some of the specialties. The Oregon Naviga
tion stocks, both common and preferred, show
gains of 4 per cent. The Industrials and other
specialties fell Into the background, both rela
tively and absolutely, and were almost totally
neglected until the later dealings. Sugar!
Brooklyn Transit and Illinois Steel stocks then
sprang into activity and scored substantial ad
vances near the close. In the case of some
stocks high record prices were made to-day and
In the case of many others the high price of
the year was approximated. Atchison prefer
red. Northern Pacific and Union Pacific stocks
reached their record prices to-day. There can
be no doubt that the strength of the market
is attributed to the feeling of relief that the
unsettling doubts and uncertainties over the
Election are a thing of the past and the confi
dence that the generally prosperous condition
of the country is sure to assert itself and lift
prices to a higher level. There wai a spirit of
abounding optimism abroad and everything
was ignored but the most favorable Incidents
In the outlook. The marked falling off in the
export demand for wheat and the resulting fall
In prices had no effect. The unfavorable con
ditions of the trunk line situation which
caused declines for New York Central and
Pennsylvania in London received no attention
and the prices of those stocks were advanced
over a point. B. & O. rose 2% and Norfolk
and Western preferred was at one time up 3%.
Reports from the iron trade of a drift toward
a lower range of values, which might ordin
arily be expected to have a marked effect on
the stock market, were passed unnoticed. St.
Paul's first week's statement, although it show
ed an Increase of over $21,000, was much less
striking than some of that road's recent re
turns which have passed unnoticed, yet there
was an eager demand for all the grangers,
which made the group the leaders of the mar
ket In point of activity. The Atchlson securi
ties held foremost place and all of them ad
vanced strongly, the preferred rising 2% per
cent with a stock issue of over $120,000,000 to
move. Northern Pacific preferred more than
redeemed Its quarterly dividend and Union Pa
cific preferred was heavily bought, both for
home and foreign accounts. London buying
was again a marked feature, and commission
house business was on an enormous scale, fair
ly taking away the market from the hands of
the traders, and eating up all offerings to take
profits without appreciable check to the day's
continued advance.
The day's business in bonds holds the record
In the volume of transactions. All classes of
mortgages were in demand but the reorganiza
tion issues continued the favorites. There was.
however, a generally-distributed business in high
grade bonds and many speculative Issues were
Brought forward In the movement. Total sales
$10,045,000.
United States new 4s registered advanced %;
flo coupons % and the 2s and 3s registered >4
»nd the old 4s registered and the Cs registered
% in the bid price.
The total Bales of stocks to-day were 373,-
TOO shares, including: Atchison. 10.200; do pre
ferred 75,020; B. & 0., 8200: Canada Southern
1610- C & 0., 3650; Burlington, 23,575; D. & R
G preferred, 7000; L. & N., 19.720; Manhattan,
11920- Metropolitan Street Railway. 9805; Mis
souri' Pacific, 7550; New York Central, 7E20;
Northern Pacific. 41.220; do preferred, ex-divl
rfend 10 420; Northwest Terminal, 3750; Rock
Inland 9620: Union Pacific, 19.020; St. Paul.
89 165 •' Southern Railway, 3412; do preferred.
U416-' Union Pacific preferred. 37.820; Wabash
referred 3325; American Tobacco, 14,650; Bay
Elate Gas 4000: Federal Steel, 13.620; do prefer
"! 96 520- People's QaM, 15.120; Colorado Fuel
[nd" Iron 3675; Pacific Mall 3965; Sugar, 66,750;
Knnessee Coal and Iron. «480; Leather prefer
red. 4960; Rubber. 6640; Chicago Great Western.
6400.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% Do 2d prefd .... 30%
Do prefd 39% St Louis & S W.. o%
Baltimore St Ohio.. 47% Do prefd "M:
Canada Pacific ... S3* St Paul 11^4
Sanada Southern .M% Do prefd 16-'"-j
Central Pacific ... 26V 4 St P & Om b4%
Ches & Ohio 23 , Do prefd 1«1
Chi & Alton 151 St V M & M 173
Chi B & Q 118 |So Pacific 24V-.:
Chi & E 111 53 'So Railway 9
Do prefd 106 ' Do prefd ' •••••••• 37
Chi G W 14% Texas « Pacific... 14%
Chi Ind & L 7 Union Pacific 34-*
Do prefd 26 j Do prefd .. 6. 1 *
Chi - N W 135% U P D & G, Ist
Do prefd 180 I assnit paid 6%
C C C & St L.... 41% Wabash J%
Do preld 84 Do prefd Zl'i
Del & Hudson .. SS% W & L E. asmt pd. 4
Del L & W 141 Do prefd 30%
Del & Rio G 14 Express Companies-
Do prefd 67% Adams Ex 110
Erie new 13 American Ex ....145
Do let prefd .... 34% United States 44
Ft Wayne 174 , Wells Fargo 122
Gt Nor prefd 139% I , Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley .. 3V» A Cot Oil ex div.. 34%
Illinois Cent lll'i Do prefd 86%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Amn Spirits 11%
Do prefd 61 Do prefd 38%
Lake Shore 192% Am Tobacco 140
Louis <fc Nash Si) 7*7 * Do prefd 12"'
Manhattan L 93"* Cons Gas 1 •
Met St Ry 168 Com Cable C 0. ...175
Mich Cent 107% Col F & 1r0n.... 25
Minn & St L 28 Do prefd 80
Do Ist prefd .: 9 1% Gen Electric 80%
Mo Pacific 34%|Haw Coml Co 60%
Mobile & Ohio ... 24^ 'Illinois Steel 102
Mo X & T 10%,Intnl Paper 61%
Do prefd 3SV Do prefd 87ft
N J Central 87 Laclede Ga« 48
N V Central 117% Lead 84%
N V Chi & St L... 11% Do prefd 110%
Do Ist prefd 70 Minn Iron trms...lS9%
Do 2d prefd 33% 1 Nat Lin Oil 5%
Nor West 14 Pacific Mall 34%
No Amer Co 6% People's Gas 105%
No Pacific 42% Pullman Palace .1404
Do prefd ex div. 76H Silver Cert 60%
Ontario & W .... 15% Standard R * T.. 7%
Ore R & Nay.... 57 Sugar 114%
Ore Shore Line ..30 Do prefd 10S%
Pac Coast, Ist pd. 79 T C & Iron 31%
Do 2d prefd 58 U S Leather 6%
Pittsburg ex div. .172 Do prefd 67%.
Reading 16% iU S Rubber 4S
Do Ist prefd .. 39% | Do prefd 104%
R G W 27 'West Union 93
Do prefd 60 I Federal Steel 22 7 <i
Rock Island 106 T^ ! Do prefd 77%
St Louis & S F.. 7% j Brooklyn R T.... 68%
Do prefd 65 I
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 3« N J C 5s 112%
U S new «s reg.. 127% N Carolina 6s 125
Do coup 128 Do 4s 103
U S 4s 111% No Pac lsts 117
Do coup 113 Do 3s 67
Do 2ds 9<>% Do 4s 102
V S 6s reg 113 NTC& St L 4s. 105%
Do 5s coup U2% Nor & W 6s 120
District 3.65s IIS Northwstrn cons. 142
Ala class A 109% Do deb us- 117%
Do B 109% lO Nay istß 114
Do C 101% O Nay 4s 101%
Do Currency ... 101 OS Line 6s tr.... 129%
Atchison 4s 98 OS Line 6s tr.... 10S
Do adj 4s 7H4 Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Can So 2ds 110 Reading 4s 83^
Chi Term 4s 90% R G W lsts 89%
C & Ohio 5s 116 ;St L & I M C Ea. v7\
C H & D 4%« 104% 15t L & S F G 6s. 121%
D & R G lsts 108 !St P Con 180
P & R G is 98% St P C & P lsts.. 120
East Term lsts... 1)7 I Do 5s Us
Erie Gen 4s 72%!50 Railway 55.... 102%
FW & D lsts tr. 78 Stand R& T 65... 81%
Gen Electric 55.. 109% Term new set 35.. 94
G H & S A 65.... 105 jTex P L G 15t8... 109%
Do 2ds 104 I Po R<- 2ds 45%
H & T C 5s 111% -Union Pacific 45.. 101%
Do con 6s 11C-IU PD & G lsts.. 8%
lowa C lsts 106% Wabash Ist 55.... Ill 1-*1 -*
La new cons 45.. 10S%| Do 2ds 90%
L <s W I.'ni 45.... 93% West Shore 45... 11l
Missouri 6s lf>o Va Centuries 79
M K& T 2ds 85% Do deferred 7>±
Do 4s ;<2 Wls Cent lsts.... 63%
N V Central lsts. 118
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 8 65
Crown Point 12 Ophir 75
Con Cal & Va.... 145 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 4E Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry ... 25 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross.. 1 00 Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 50 00 Standard 175
Iron Silve 67 Union Con 23
Mexican 24 Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 59*4
Call loans 2 @3 Ed Elec Tel 192
Time loans 2Vi@'4 Gen Elec prefd 161
Stocks— Atch prefd 39%
Atch, T & S Fe.. 13% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 115 Atchison 4s 97H
Do prefd 110 Gen Eelc 6s 101 Vi
Bay State Gas.... 2*4 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 2.50 Allouez Mining Co 5
Boston & Albany. 24s Atlantic 30»4
Boston & Maine. .l 64 Boston & M0nt. ..231
Boston & L 75 Butte & Boston... 54%
Chi, Bur & Q 117% Calumet & Hecla.s9s
Fltchburg 105 Centennial 21
Gen Electric 81 Franklin iS%
Mcx Central 4% Old Dominion 3T,i»,
Old Colony 195 Osceola tt%
Or Short Line 29/4 Quincy 129
Rubber 43 Tamarack 1764
Union Pacific .... 82%, Wolverine tt%
West End 88 Parrott 24
Do prefd 109 IHumboldt i%,
Westlngh Elec ... 34%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here opened quiet but steady to firm on Pre
mi°' - Salisbury's speech last night, which was
well liked. The markets Improved as the day
went on and, led by strong buying from the
Continent, all the markets developed great
strength.
This strength was most conspicuous In Amer- ]
leans, which. In addition to the New York sup
port, were bought largely by German division
and house cliques on a general stock exchange
tip to buy Americans on the Republican vic
tory with the possibility that attention will
now be given to the currency question. Prices
closed at the top. Grand Trunk was strong on
good traffic reports. The boom in copper shares
continues.
There is a stronger tone In the money market
here and the market had to borrow from the
bank this afternoon at 4 per cent.
Spanish 4"s closed at i\%.
PARIS, Not. 10.— Spanish 4's closed at 41.85.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Not. 10.— Canadian Pacific. 86%;
Grand Trunk, 7; Bar Silver, steady, 27Iid;
Money. 2%@3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts
47,810; exports 37,328. Quiet and weaker.
WHEAT— Receipts, 269.175; exports, 230,(556.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 7514 ct. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened weak and were forced lower by a
combination of bear news, including Liverpool
cables, dull trade, foreign selling, local liqui
dation and peace reports from abroad. Weak
ness continued all day and the close was at
%@T4c net decline. Sales Included No. 2 red
May, 70 9-16@71V»e; closed, 70% c.
HOPS — Market strong; State common to
choice, IS9B crop, 7@Sc; 1897 crop, ll@'l3c; 1898
crop. 19(g21c; Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1837
crop, 11&13 C; 1898 crop, lU@2lc.
WOOL- Quiet.
METALS — Lake copper alone displayed posi
tive strength In to-day's metal market, the
other departments ruling dull, for the most
part with prices in some instances slightly
lower under more urgent offerings. News at
hand was about a stand-off and interesting fea
tures lacking. At the close the metal exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants very quiet. $7 bid $7 25
asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm. $12 66 bid. $16 75
asked.
TlN— Dull and, a shade easier, $18 20 bid,
$18 35 asked.
LEAD— DuII and a shade easier, $3 72H bid,
$3 75 asked. The firm naming the settling price
for leading miners and smelter* at the West
quoted lead $3 60, or unchanged from yester
day.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 15 bid and $5 25
asked.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, with prices
10@15 points higher. Sales, 17,250 bags, Includ
ing: November, $5 30; December, $5 40; Janu
ary, $5 55@5 60; March. $5 75; May, $5 90; July.
$6; September. $6 10; October. $6 10. Spot coffee
—Rio, firm; mild, very steady; increase In spot
and invoice demand due to stiffened rates
abroad.
SUGAR— Firm; held higher; raw, fair refin
ing. 3 15-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-16 c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 9-16 c; refining, firm, fairly
active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6638 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15>/4S<23c; Eigins, 23c; fac
tory, HV4@l4Hc.
EGGS— Receipts, 9435 packages; very firm;
Western. 23c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Wheat started weak.
Opening transactions were at 66V4@66>4c, com
pared with yesterday's closing price of 6*>%©
66% c, and a further slight decline soon oc
curred, several small lots changing hands at
6CV)iC. The trade was under the influence of
Liverpool. That market was quoted %d lower
and advices from there attributed most of the
decline to the peaceful tone of Lord Salisbury's
speech last night. Traders there had been ex
pecting something entirely different, and with
the strain relieved prices naturally dropped.
New York reported a small demand from for
eigners for American wheat, but this was
looked for, It being known that with no Eu
ropean cloud above the buying on that side
wuuld be confined to current wants. Up to
11:30 o'clock the trading was excessively dull.
There was some buying against puts, and this
and more of the valuable seaboard advices as
to the foreign demand eustained prices. Cables
announcing closing quotations abroad, how
ever, knocked the pinning from under the mar
ket and the prices dropped in a hurry. A 50
centime decline in American wheat at Antwerp,
equivalent to 2'yic per bushel, started free sell
ing, the price of May tumbling to 65% c before
It was discovered that the reported Antwerp
decline was an error. The market stiffened
up a trifle after that, but soon weakened again
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
and remained so until the close. Kansas City
reported a sale of 100,000 bushels of wheat 5%c
below the Chicago price, said to be a greater
discount than has previously ruled ' this sea
son, and knocked the enthusiasm out of buy
ers. December lost l@l%c.
Corn was dull and lower. Receipts ■ were
heavy, notwithstanding bad weather, and cables
were lower. The trade had also in mind the
Government report due to-night, expected to be
bearish. There was considerable liquidation by
scattered . longs and prices ruled lower from
the start. . Receipts were 764 1 cars. Seaboard*
demand was good. May lost %@%c
Oats followed I wheat and corn and ruled
slightly lower. • There was a moderately large
business done. Liquidation by a prominent lo
cal trader was a feature. Cash demand was
very poor. : Receipts were SO2 cars. May closed
a shade lower. . -"- ■•> --.■• - '
During most of the session provisions were
dull and weak, starting steady with an im
proved hog market. Prices weakened rapidly
under selling by. packers. January pork was
unchanged, January lard unchanged and- Janu
ary ribs a shade lower at $4 67%.
The leading futures ranged aa follows
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November .... .... 64%
December..: 65% 85% 64%. 64%
May ....: 662 «* «H M %
Corn No. 2—
November 81% 31% «H tl%
December 32 32% 81% 81%
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2— , li.l
December 23% 23% 23% 23%
May 24% 24% 24% 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 7 82% 786 7 72% 786
January 890 890 8 82% 890
Lard, per 100 pounds — _> • _
December 485 485 4 82% 485
January 4 92% 4 92% 4«V 4 4 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds- - -
December 4 60 4 50 4 45 4 60
January 460 460 4 62% 4 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, «low
and easy: No. 8 spring wheat, 6l@«3c; No. 1
red, 66@67c; No. 8 corn, 32@32%c; No. 2 oats,
t. o. b., 24%®25V10; No. 2 white, t. o. b.. 87% c;
No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 26@27%c; No. 2 rye, 61% c;
No. 3 barley, f. o. b., 83@450; No. 1 flaxseed,
97c; prime timothy seed, $2 26; mess pork, per
bbl. $7 80@7 90; lard, per 100 rbs, $4 67%@4 92%:
short ribs Bides (loose). $4 90@5 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 37%@4 62%; short clear
sides (boxed). ?4 Ss@4 95; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gal, $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, un
changed; granulated,, do. • .
Articles— Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour bbls 19,000 14,000
Wheat, bush 848,000 209.000
Corn, bush 639.000 342,000
, Oats, bush 344,000 304.000
Rye. bush 34,000 900
Barley, bush 108,000 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21%c; dair
ies. 12%<8>19c. Cheese quiet, 7%@9%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 18@18%c.
WHEAT' MOVEMENTa
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 316.920 88,800
Duluth 666.761 526,353
Milwaukee 40,300 1,950
Chicago 348,000 309,267
Toledo 40,339 2.100
St Louis 74.000 148.000
Detroit 12,757 21,749
Kansas City 91.000 94,000
Totals L 490, 077 1.087.219
Tidewater- —
Baltimore 124,261 2.100
Philadelphia 12.380 26,354
New York 269,175 230,^56
Boston 47.864
GSalveston 78,764 49.800
New Orleans 48,000
Totals 453.580 404,774
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 1 6 10%
Closing 6H 5 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 47 25 49 Sa
Closing 47 35 46 05
Opening 2160 2135
Closing 2165 2140
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Rains checked
the receipts of cattle to-day. Prime lots, as a
consequence, brought slightly higher prices.
Native beef steers. $4 60@o 10; common Western
feeders. $3 7004; choice to extra cattle. Jo 30@
5 60; stockers and feeders, $3 40@4 10.
HOGS— unusually good demand for hogs
caused prices to rule stronger and 2*4@sc
higher early. The market weakened later and
the advance was lost. Hogs sold at $3 40@
3 67%, mostly $3 45@3 55; pigs. *2 40@3 35.
SHEEP — were strong for the better
class of sheep and lambs and lamely 10c
higher. Native sheep, 32 50@4 75; Westerns.
$2 85@4 45; native muttons, $4@5 25; feeders,
$4 50@3 10; yearlings. $4 17%@5.
Receipts— 9000; hogs, 26,000; sheep. 10,
000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2200;
market active; steady. Native beef steers, $4 41
®5 30; Western steers, $3 80ig4 30; stockers and
feeders, J3 35@4 30; cows and heifers, J3@3 90;
build and stags, $2 25<2'3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 7500; market shade stronger.
Heavy, $3 4.'!g3 50; mixed, $3 45@3 47&; light,
$3 47^fi3 f,5: bulk of sales. J3 45@3 47%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000: market strong. Na
tive muttons, $3 75@4 35; Westerns, $3 60®
4 20; stockers, $3 50@4; lambs, %i 50@5 30.
' KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000; market strong. Native steers. $3 60@5 25;
cows r.nd heifers, SI 50@4 60; stockers and feed
era. $2 50@4 50; bulls, $1 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 14,000; market steady to
strong. Bulk of sales, 13 40(g.3 55; heavies, $3 35
@3 60; packers, J3 3033 {£; mixed. $3 25@3 52Vi;
lights, 13 15(g» 40; pigs, $2 &o@3 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; market strong.
Lambs, $3 Ss@s 25; muttons, J2@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 350.
Market dull but steady. Beef steers, $3 30@4;
cows, *2'25@3 26; feeders, freight paid to river.
12 Ss®4; stockers, freight paid to river,. $3®
4 15; bulls, stags, etc.. J2<32 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 450. Market steady. Light
packers, $3 50@3 65; mixed. 53 45®3 50; heavy,
$3 40®3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The announcement of an advance
of Vie per pound In the price of California Mus
catel raisins, which was made by the Cali
fornia Raisin Growers' Association on Satur
day last, applying to all shipments after that
date, has caused a much better feeling In the
spot market, though it has led Ito no actual
advance In price here and seems to have
checked the demand. The spot market Is said
to be more poorly supplied than usual at this
season, not only with layers and clusters, but
with ordinary loose goods, and while arrivals
are freer now than for some weeks past most
of the goods received are understood to be go
ing directly into consumption on orders placed
some time since. Old fruit that had been held
here in Icehouse has, we are Informed, been
pretty much absorbed by seeders. On seeded
goods a demand for several weeks past has
been active and local seeders have been com
pelled to work day and night to keep up with
their orders and are still behind with deliveries.
More confidence in the ability of the Raisin
Growers' Asfociatlon to maintain prices Is ex
pressed by Eastern handlers of this fruit, par
ticularly in view of the fact that the output
of standard raisins seems to be turning out
less than was expected.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's California fruit Bales: Winter Nells
pears, $1 74; Glout Morceau, $1 86; Tokay
Grapes, $1 90: Verdelle, $1 52@1 73; Black Fer
rera, $1 15: Cornichon, $1 55.
Porter Bros.' sales: Grapes — Cornichon,
$1 35(gl 50, single crate.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's California fruit sales: Tokay, $1 40@
2 40; double crates, $3 05@4 30; clusters, $3 55.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— California dried fruits
steady. • - •'
. EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Bc per
Tb; prime wire tray, . 7%®7%c; choice, 7% @Sc;
fancy, BV4c.
PRUNES— S%©9?ic. . * ■ ■
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, U@l7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. BV4@llc; peeled, 18@20c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10. — Exporters «ha<Jed
their quotations about lc to-day and 59@60c
were the best figures for Walla Walla, with
valley and bluestem nominal at 62<@>63c.
Cleared— Bark Lydgate with 145,845 buaheja
wheat, ship Nereus with 102,192 bushels wheat;
both for Queenetown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 10.— WHEAT— Club, 59c; blue
stem. 43c.
Sailed— For Queenstown. bark Australia, with
180 876 bushels wheat.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $300,202,033; gold re
serve. $242,898,940.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— Consols, 110 1-16; Silver,
W-: French Rentes, lOlf 90c; wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
dard California, 335; cargoes Walla Walla, 30s
V,<*d; English count— markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 10.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm;
French country markets, quiet.
< OTTON— Uplands. 3 1-S2.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 10.— WHEAT— Futures
closed quiet; November, nominal; December.
6s %d: March, 6s 10i4d.
CORN— Steady; November, Ss 10% d; Decem
ber, steady, 3s 9d; March, steady, 8« 7d; spot
American mixed, steady, 3s lid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESB.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10.— Exchange*, $106,902;
balances, $18,884.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1»
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Lower quotations from Europe and
the East weakened this market on call, as will
be seen, but spot prices did not decline.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. *1 20@l 22%; milling.
$1 25@1 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 20>4;
2000, $1 20"*; 18,000. $1 20%. May— 4ooo, $1 23T4-
Regular morning session— December — 24,000
ctlß, $1 20; 4000. $1 19%. May— 2ooo. $1 23Vi;
16,000, $1 23V- 8000, $1 23*4 ; «000, $1 23H-
Afternoon session— May — 6000 ctls, SI 22% ;
26,000, $1 22^; 2000, $122%; 6000, $122%. De
cember—2o,ooo, $1 19%: 12.000, $1 19%.
BARLEY— The market continues quiet at
about previous prices.
Feed. $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 40 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second session— December— 2000 ctla. $1 2*.
Regular morning session — December — 20,000
ctls. $1 29
Afternoon session — No sales.
OATS— Liberal receipts rrom th« north did
not affect the market. The demand was fair
and quotations were steady.
Fancy Feed, $1 27H@1 SO per ctl: rood to
choice, $1 22H<3>1 25; common, $1 17H®1 20; Sur
prise, $1 36@1 42^ -.Gray, $1 20@l 22g; milling,
U 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40®l 474; Black, $1 SO
@1 70-
CORN — Quotations remain unaltered. Busi
ness Is dull.
Small round yellow, $1 IE; Eastern large yel
low. $1 O2',ff-i OS; white, $106; mixed, $I@l 02^
per ctl; California White. $1 05@l 07%.
RYE- The feeling is steadier. California,
$1 20(61 25; Eastern. $1 16@1 20 -er ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— EaBtern Is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MII«LBTUFFB.
FLOUR -Family extras, $4 1504 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sack* ar» as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; aice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 23133 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85@6 26; in sacks, $5 85@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDBTUFFS.
Hay shows rather more tone at unchanged
prices. Bran and Middlings are steady.
BRAN- $16@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16018 60 for
good to choice and $H@ls 60 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15@17 50;
Oat, $14815 50; Island Barley. $12 50^)13 50; Al
falfa, $10#ll; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Shipment of 276 centals Alfalfa Seed to Ham
burg. The market for this description is firm.
Some changes in Beans will be noted.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90@2; Small Whites, $2®
2 15; Large Whites, $1 70<gl 80; Pinks, $1 90@2 05;
Reds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 60@3 75; Butters, $2®
3 60; LUnas, $3 20@3 2?Vi; Pea, $2 10@2 26; Red
j Kidneys, $2 40<g2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 60 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard. $4 25; Flax, $20-2 10; Canary Seed, 2K
<32\c per lb; Alfalfa. 7@7Hc; Rape, 2hi&2\.c;
Hemp, 2%®3c; Timothy, s®sV»c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 50
01 75 per ctl.
POTATOEB, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are weak and quiet.
Vegetables are about the same.
POTATOES— 3O@4Sc for Early Rose and 350
53c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 76c
®S1 05: Oregon. 60@90c; Sweet Potatoes. 50@75c
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2(g30 per lb.
ONIONS— 3G@46c per ctl; Pickle Onione, 85®
50c per ctl.
VEQETABL.es — Green Pea«. 2@3c: String
Beans, 2@3c; Lima Beans, 50c@Jl per sack;
Bay Squash, 40@60c; Qreen Peppers, 23@50c;
Cabbage, 40@£0c: Tomatoes, 35<j»ouc; Garlic, 4c
per lb; Oreen Okra, 25© 50 c per box; Cucumbers,
35@50c: Dried Okra. 10c per lb; Egg Plant, 25®
60c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $8(glu per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, <50c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips. 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There are several cars of Eastern Poultry on
the other side of the blocked tunnel, and they
are likely to stay there until communication
Is restored, which may be days yet. Meanwhile
local stock is firm.
Game stands about the same.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@lSo; live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 13® 14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 2501 60; Gosl.ngs, |1 26
@1 50- Ducks, $4@5 for old and 14@5 B0 for
young; Hens, *4©6; Roosters, young, S4<&s;
Roosters, old. S4(jH 60; Fryers, $3 B0@4; Broilers,
$3 50 for large, S3 for small; Pigeons. $I©l 26 per
duzen for old and Jl 50@l 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail, $1 60@l 76; Mallard, S4©s; Canvasback.
541&6; Sprig, *2 50®3; Teal, $1 50®2; Widgeon.
$1 50<JT2; Small DucV $1 25; English Snipe, SI 50;
Jack Snipe, SI; Gray Geese. S2 60; White
Geese. $1; Brant, $1 25® 1 50; Honkers, S3; Hare,
SI; Rabbits, SI 26@1 60 for Cottontails and SI
for Email.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The tendency In Butter la toward better
prices, though no marked advanoe has yet been
established. Stocks have been considerably re
duced.
Eggs are again quoted higher and are very
firm. Several cars of Eastern are reported on
the other side of the railroad blockade.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, n@23o; wc
onds, IS© 20c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 18@20c; common
grades 15@17^c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18@2Oc; pickled roll,
19fg21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16ftc per
lb; Elgin. 22@22V4c.
CHEESE— -Choice mild new. 10@llc; old, B%@
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America.
lO^fgllVsc; Eastern. 12@13c. f
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 37Vi!g>42c per doaen: me
dium Eggs. 32Vi<&35c; Eastern, 15@22V4c for ordi
nary and 25®27V4c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Good Cranberries are getting scarce and sev
eral cars are held on the other side of the
burned tunnel.
Two cars of new crop Navel Orange* from
Porterville are on the market Lemons and
Limes are weak. The Panama steamer brought
up 647 cases fresh Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. S2@3 per chest for large and
17<g8 for small.
Huckleberries, 6©« c per lb.
Quinces, nominal.
Persimmons. 50c In single and TSCOSI per box
in double layers.
Pomegranates. 50i??76c per small box.
Cranberries, $7@7 50 per barrel for Eastern
and $2®2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes. 25@50c per box; crates sen
about 10c higher than boxes: \Vlne Grapes, S2o*gi
24 per ton for Zlnfandel and »lo@lß for com
mon kinds.
Raspberries, S3 60@5 per chest.
Apples 35@60c for common. 75@8Sc per box
for No. i and Sl@l 25 for choice.
Pears 50<ffSl 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, S3 50@4 per
box- Seedlings, SI 60; Lemons, *I@2 for common
and' $2 50@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes 60e<g$l per small box; Bananas. $1 50@2
per bunch; Pineapples. $3<B>o per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
There Is a fair demand for assorted lots for
shipment, but the local demand is slack.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6V4@7c for 40-60" s.
fiig>sHc for 50-60-s. 3%@>4c for 60-70' s, 3%@3*c for
70-80's. 2%©3 c for 80-90's, 2@2>4c for 90-100's
and l%c for 100- no's; Silver Prunes, 2%@5c;
Peaches, 6(g7i4c for good to choice, 7H@Bc for
fancy and miiWAc for peeled; Apricots, 10@
12c for Royals and 12ff1126c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7%®7^c; sun dried, 4®
4%c: Black Figs, sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, i%<&
6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nec
tarines 6®7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINB-3%c for t w °- cro , w n il 4 % c , for . three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, sVi®«>*c for Seedless
Sultanas. 4%e for Seedless Muscatels and SI 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@lc.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@loe per lb; Walnuts. 6@
7c for hardshell, S@9c for softshell; Almonds 5
@6c for hardshell. 13c for softshell, 13<8U4c for
paper-shell ; Peanuts, 4@sV4c for Eastern and
4%c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@lle for bright and B®9e
for lower grades: water white extracted, 64<8>
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@s£c
P< BEESWAX— 24©26 c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Hc per lb for
heavy. 8c for light medium, 100 for light. 10<Ac
for extra light and 12£12i»= for sugar cured;
Eastern > Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams. 9®9Hc; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11®11 60; Family. Beef. $12@
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $189
IS 50; mesa, $15 60® 16; Smoked Beef. 11® lie
per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces, quoted at BHc per lb
for compound and 6% 7c for pure; palls, 7Hc:
California tierces, 4%@5c "»r lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels, 6'^c; 10-lb tins,
7 Vic; 6-lb tins. 7Vic. T
COTTOLENE — Tierces. -6%@6Hc: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, »-.» c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a cane, B%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, "Tic; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. Sic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. .
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND . HOPS.
Hides and Tallow show, some changes. The
Hide market is weak and quiet.
HIDES AND SKlNS— pulls and brands sell
about lo under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B%c; light, 8c; Cow
hides, B@BHc; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, B%c; Calf,
SHe; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each: short wool,
30@40c each; medium. <SO@SOc; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for large
and 75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 50 for large and 60c@$l for small. '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%c per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4Vi@4?ic: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clips — Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@l2c; Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c; Nevada, 10014 c;
Eastern Oregon, 10@12c: Valley Oregon, 16017 c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 13@17c,per lb. ?; .;
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%05c; Wool Bags. 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags, Be, 5V4e and
6%c for the three grades of white and 7©Be for
brown. "-
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; N«w Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $6; Wall send. $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, 110 In bulk and $11 26
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rr- Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $8 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Confec
tioners' A, BHc; California A, We; Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C, 6c; Golden C, 4%c; half -barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less than 76 barrels or Its
equivalent.
CANDLES— Following are new quotations on
Paraf fine Wax Candles: Is, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s,
white, SV»c; Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, colored, 9>£o.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs rule firm at the advance. '
Wholesale rates f rom ' slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
■ BEEF— First quality, 6%c; choice, 7c; second
quality. BVi@6c; third quality. 4@50.
VEAL— Large, 6H@6^c; small, (HOTHo
1 per' lb. '•:/,'- j
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@>7V4c; Ewes, «4®7c
LAMB— 7H@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@4c for large, j 4^4@4%c
for medium and 3>4B3Hc for small; stock Hogs,
2%@3c; dressed Hogs. 6H®6Hc -."j-
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, November 10.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,672 Straw, tons- 9
Wheat, ctls 6,270 Wool, bales ..... 166
Barley, ctls 660 Pelts, bdls 2,286
Oat*, ctls 490 Hides, no 156
Butter, ctls 119 Eggs, doz ....... 7.800
Cheese, ctls 200 Quicksilver, flak. 10
Beans, sks 6,043 Leather, rolls ... 48
Potatoes, sks ... 3,868 Lumber, ft 40.000
Onions, sits 600 Wine, gals 23,500
Bran, sks 1.02S Brandy, gals .... 1,400
Middlings, sks .. 200 Sugar, bags 3,808
Hay, tons 325 Lime, bbls 226
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 20,028'Mlddllnirs, sks .. 810
Barley, ctls' 1,860 Bran, sks 3,723
Oats, ctls 740 Shorts, sks 2,500
Potatoes, sks ... 144 s
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska ... 1,200 Bran, sks ....... 1.022
Wheat, ctls 6,640 Shorts, sks 2,000
Oats, ctls 10,990
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weakv yesterday and
the tendency was downward in all sessions.
Overman Is assessed 6c.
The Justice, assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
Local securities sold briskly as usual and
quotations were somewhat unsettled. Giant
Powder was weaker.
The last monthly report of the Alaska-Mexi
can mine shows 13.40& tons ore crussneu anu jal
tons tulphurets treated, the latter yielding
SSS23. Bulliun product for the month, 525.
929; expenses, 520.861. Average yield of ore,
SI 93 per ton. Other bullion shipments were
55934 for the Alaska-Juneau mine, and $2075
from custom work. The company paid a quar
terly dividend of SIB.OOO on October 28.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Nov. 10—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E.... 86ft S6H
4s quar coup..H2Vill3 San Fran i 3V»
4s quar reg... 111*4111% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new...127%128 Insurance—
38 quar coup.. 104% — Firem's Fund.WS —
Miscellaneous — Water Stockß—
Cal-st Cab 65.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 50 57H
Cal El 6b ....125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 5«...100tt— Spring Valley.lol 101H
Dup-st ex c... — 984 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .130 — Anglo-Cal — 63>4
F& Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Bank of Ca1.. 249% —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD * T.. — 100
H C Sc 8 5Hs. — 110 First Natlonl..2lo 220
L A LCo 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....13H4 —
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — It
Market-st 65... 128%— Nev Nat 8....175 180
Do Ist M 6s. 116% — Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75. 108 — Ger S & L..1600 1680
N Ry Cal 65. .113 — Hum S£• L.1060 1160
N Ry Cal 58..104H — Mutual Say. 33 45
NPC R R 63.103 104 S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 05.100%101 8& L 50.... — »8
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55....105H109H Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126H127K Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California 108 —
PA O 6s 112 — Geary 46 —
Powell-st 6s .. — 123 Market-st 54% 55
Sac El Rv os.lOO — Presidio 8 10
SF& N P os. 110*4110% Powder—
SlerraßCal 55.104V4105'/4 California ....125 140
SPof Ar 65..108H108% E Dynamite... 86 95
S P Cal 65.... 11 l Hlft Giant Con Co. 68% 59
SPC Is eg 55. .102 — Vigorit 2% 3
S P Br 6s 116 116% Miscellaneous
S V Water 65.118%119 Al Pac A55n..103%104^4
S V Water 45.102%10JH Ger Ld Wk5...160 —
S V W4s<3dm).HUHlo2 Hana P C 0.... 17% IS
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — HC & 6 Co.. 69^ 69%
Gas &. Electric— Hutch S P Co. 64 65
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... »H — Oceanic S Co. 61H 62
Mutual El Co. 9% 10 Pac AJ" A.... 1% —
Oakland Gas.. 52\4 — Pac C Ikr C 0.105. 105 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 86% 89 Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Pac LCo — 50
Morning Session.
20 California-street Railway 108 50
75 Giant Powder Con, s 10 59 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 00
120 do do 59 75
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 84 00
200 Market-street Railway 54 75
125 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
$1000 N P C R R 6a Bond! 102 00
$1000 do do 102 50
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 61 62H
5 do do 61 37^
260 S F Gas <fe Electric Co 86 25
10 do do 86 12^4
33 Spring Valley Water 10100
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4a Bonds 102 37 H
$10,000 8 P of A Bonds 108 50
$1000 8 P Branch Ry Bonds 116 25
$1000 United States 3s Bonds 106 00
Street—
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 80 75
$2000 Spring Valley 4b Bonds (3d m0rt)...101 50
Afternoon Session.
50 Hawaiian Commercial St Sugar 59 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
45 do do 17 87\4
80 OUnt Powder Con 69 00
SO do do 68 75
25 do do 68 87H
$1000 N P C R R 6s Bonds 103 00
210 S F Gas A Electric Co SJ 25
100 Vlgorit Powder, b 10 3 00
$200 United States 3s Bonds 104 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
25 Central Lifrht A Power 9 12H
S5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 69 75
26 do do 59 87V4
15 Market-street Railway 54 50
6 Spring Valley Water 10100
Afternoon Session.
35 S F 3as & Electric Co 86 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co, b 6 61 50
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 64 20
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 25 400 75
500 Best & Belcher. 32 200 Potosi 20
500 Chollar 22 200 Savage 25
1000 Con Cal * Va.l 40 100 Sierra Neyada... 92
500 Crown Point ... 151300 Union Con 31
100 Occidental 45J500 Yellow Jacket... 26
300 Ophir 761
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 07 200 Mexican 21
->0« Belcher £.3 300 22
500 Best ft Belcher. 29 1050 Ophlr 71
300 Bullion 08 100 Overman 0€
•100 Chollar IS SOO Potosi 17
100 17 200 Savage 22
560 Con Cal & Va...l 30 300 21
200 Confidence 61 600 20
300 Con New York. 04 600 Scorpion 04
100 Crown Point ... 12 250 Sierra Nevada... 36
100 11100 88
400 Gould 4c Curry.. 20 200 Union Con 37
900 19 200 Utah 08
100 Hale * Norers. 91 900 Yellow Jacket... 20
M 0 Justice OS 100 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha ............ 05 1 500 Justice °-
600 Alta .... ...:...;. 09 : 600 Mexican jj*
200 Andes 11 300 Ophir '•'
300 Belcher 25 300 Overman "2
600 Best & Belcher. 32 300 %'.
1000 Bullion 08:700 Savage *5
600 OS 400 ...... — 26
1500 Chollar ... . 20 1200 Seg Belcher 04
150 Con Cal & Va-..l 45:200 Sierra Nevada... »i
1200..... ..1 40 200 Union Con £*
400..... ......1:3750 ••- ; JO
ISOGould ft Curry.. - 23 800 Utah /J"
900 22 400 Yellow Jacket... 25
60..... ...... ,21!
■. Afternoon Session. -i''
300 Alpha .......".:.. 05 700 Crown Point ... 13
400 Andes 11 600 Gould & Curry.. 21
300 Belcher .23 700 ...... 20
200 Best : ft Belcher. 31 200 Hale & Norcrs. 91
600 ...... ....:....... 30 SOO Mexican ........ 21
1100 ;... 28 300 V..... 22
500 ..;............"....' 29 150 Ophlr "4
600 Chollar :.. 20 900. 72
400 ;. 18 300 71
600 Con Cal ft Va.l 37^4 300 Overman 06
1100 ........1 35 800 Potosi '.... 18
800....- ....1 32^5 300 Savage 22
400 ....."... '. 130 500 20
200 ............ '....1 400 19
200 Confidence 64 600 Sierra Nevada... 88
300 ......;.. 63 200 :..... £»
200 ...... 59 300 Union Con 29
100 .............. 60 800 Yellow Jacket... 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Nov. 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Julia — 02 i
Alta 06 08 Justice 07 OS
Andes .; 11 12 Ken tuck — 16
Belcher „ -23 24 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con .... " — 07 Mexican 21 22
Best Belcher' 29 Si Occidental 47 —
Bullion 07 as Ophir 73 74
Caledonia 80 32 Overman 05 06
Chollar 17 18 Potosl 17 18
Challenge Con. 19 21 Savage 20 21
Confidence 69 Scorpion 04 —
Con Cal & Va.l 30 135 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 84 85
Crown Point .. 12 13 Silver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. 04 — Syndicate ...... 03 —
Eureka Con ... — 35 Standard ISO —
Exchequer — 04 Union Con .... 28 29
Gould & Curry. 19 SI Utah — 09
Hale ft Norcrs. 90 —Yellow Jacket. 22 23
■ . ■ ■ ♦ »
. The costliest macadam on record one©
paved the streets - of Klmberley. South
Africa. ■ The .celebrated roadbed was stud
ded with diamonds and hundreds of val
uable Kerns were taken from it. A ped
dler, thirty . years ago, while hawking
his wares from farm house to house,
found a ! shining stone by the wayside,
and thinking it might be of some value
sent it to a geologist, who at once recog
nized it as a fine diamond. That was the
beginning of the great Klmberly dia
mond mines -v-:— _■ - v
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November. 1898.
>
t>
Moon"* PhMen.
.a- Last Qnarter.
'ii November '.
XI
jj2v New Moon.
v*/ November 18.
•mFtm Quarter,
W November 3j.
Full Moon.
November IT.
3U
MOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11.
Sun rises *:4S
Sun sets 5:00
Moon rises 4:06 a. m.
I I Time j
Feet.! iFeet.
IH Wl
H W
0:10
1:05
2:01
2:57
9:
>:l
4::
4:!
HI
10:19
11: IS
ii'w
I 5:43
6:25!
7:25
| 8:19
3.9
1... 4 : 0
i —l.i
—1.0
—0.9
3 .
3.
4.
4.
5:
6
7:i
2.9 10:!
3.1 11::
3.2 12:<
3.3| 12:;
i.
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day tn the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and th°n the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants" Exchnnge. San Francisco. Cal., No
vember 10. IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, .or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). L T . 3. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Samoa I
Coob Bay 1
Chilkat
Del Norte
Empire ]
Columbia
Corona I
Umattlla
Titania
Mackinaw
Pomona
Bristol
Alliance ]
Fulton !
Signal
C. Nelson I'
Orizaba
Leelanaw
South Portland. )
State California
Moana !
Mlneola '
Santa Rosa I
Arcata I 1I 1
North Fork J
Shantung ;
City of Sydney.)
Queen
Geo. W. Elder.. | :
Steamer.
From. ! Due.
nboldt | Nov. 11
trport iNov. 11
nboldt jNov.ll
scent City Nov. 12
b Bay iNov. 12
tland .Nov. 13
Diego ? Nov. 13
torla & Pug*t Sound Nov. 13
laimo Nov. IS
oma Nov. IS
nboldt Nov. 13
>arture Bay Nov. 13
son Ports Nov. It
tland |Nov. 14
lapa Harbor |Nov. 14
oma Nov. IS
irport Nov. 15
ttle Nov. 15
tland Nov. 15
tland i Nov. 16
ney (Nov. 16
oma Nov. 16
Diego Nov. 17
s Bay Nov. 17
nboldt Nov. 17
na and Japan | Nov. 17
»m» Nov. US
Lorla & Puget SoundjNov. 18
tland INov. 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Santa RosalSan Diego iNov.ll, llamjPier 11
Navarro . ..jYaquina Bay. l Nov. 11, 5 pmjPler 32
G. W. Elderl Portland |Nov. 12. 10 am I Pier 24
Walla Wall Vie & Pg* Sd. 'Nov. 12, 10 am Pier a
Chllkat ....'Humboldt ...JNov. 12, 2 pm, Pier 13
Arcata jCoos Bay Nov. 12. 10 am | Pier 13
Coos Bay... I Newport INov. IS, 9 am.Pier 11
Cleveland ..IPugret Sound.. (Nov. 14, 9 am! Pier 8
Altec iChina&Japan Nov. 15. 1 pmFMSS
Columbia ..| Portland INov. 15. 10 am Pier 24
Corona ]San Diego Nov. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona 'Humboldt INov. 15, 2 pm.Pter 9
Australia ..(Honolulu Nov. 16, 2 pmjPler 7
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Nov. 18. 10 am, Pier 20
Orizaba [Newport Nov. 17, 9 amPler 11
Umatilla ..*Vlc & P*t Sd. Nov. 17. 10 am Pier 9
State of Call Portland j Nov. 18, in am Pier 24
Curacao ...'Mexico Nov. IS, 10 ami Pier 11
Colon IPanama (Nov. 18, 12 m PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 10.
Btmr Laguna, Ericsson. 20 hours from Usal.
Up river direct.
Stmr Weatport. Paterson. 49 hours frm New
port.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, 15 hours from Albion.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 24 hours from Mon-
Stnir Cleveland. Pierce, 84 hours from Se-
Br'stmr Belgic. Rlnder. 30 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 18 days 9 hours 24 mln,
via Honolulu 7 days 31 mm. ... ,
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hinkle, 59 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Russ bktn Bering. Aulim. 30 days from Pe
tropaulovskl. . . , _
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom, 3 days frm Eu-
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 10.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro Ward. Hong
kong and Yokohama via Honolulu; Pac Mail
S 8 B tmr°>6mon», Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Blent
Goodall, Perkins St. Co.
Bark Harry Morse, Fullerton. Nanatmo; Geo
Plummer. " SAILED . ;.
-i . • Thursday, November 10.
Stmr Geo Loom Is, Bridgett, Ventura.
' Stmr Progxeso, GUboy, Seattle.
Stmr Bonita, Nicholson, Port Harford.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Brags.
Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward, Hong.
kerns and Yokohama via Honolulu.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs. Little River.
Br ship Vlmelra; . Stevens. Tacoma.
Bark Topgallant. Lunvaldt, Port Blakeley.
Bohr Reliance, Stelnborn.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen. Coqullle giver.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Petterson, Port Blake
le Schr Wing and Wing. Simmle, Coo* Bay.
- RETURNED.
. Thursday, November 10.
Schr Edward .Parke, Johnson, hence Nov 5
for Grays Harbor, returned ■on account of
springing aleak.
■ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 10. 10 p. m-— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 14 miles. .
CHARTERS.
The Skaglt loads lumber at Port Lradlow for
Honolulu. SPOKEN .
Oct 6— 12 N 26 W, Br ship Ben Lee. from
A g£r£-4° r N *& W? "Br^hip Ollvebank. from
Tyne for Safe Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Edward Parke-On Nov 7, 150 mile.
west of the Farallones. in a strong NW»wind
with heavy cross sea. vessel B P™n* _££*£. *5
10 p m: had to keep pump going continually to
keep vessel free.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed Nov 10 — Bktn
Wrestler, for San Francisco. w . v>l
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 10— Schr Mabel
GRATS m HARBOR- Arrived Nov »-Sch, -Ida
Schnauer. hence Oct 29: schr Chas Hanson, ho
Oct 25; schr Webfoot. hence Oct 26. 1ft _ s>l ,_
PORT ANGELES-Arrived Nov l°rSh*P
Hecla. hence Oct 28, and cleared for Moody-
V PORT TOWNSEND— Nov Schr In-
Ca EU 0 RE S Ki-Arrived Nov 9-Schr Bella, from
S AN e p r^RO-Arrived Nov 9-Schr Glendale.
from, Tacoma. 10— Stmr Alcazar, from Green-
W Salied Nov Brig Tanner, for Eureka.
TACOMA— Nov Bktn Retriever,
COOS°BAY— Barbound Nov 10— Stmr Empire,.
COOS BAY— Barbound Nov 10— Stmr Empire,
' SEATTLE— Arrived Nov Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Nov 6. Nov 10— Br stmr Bristol,
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 10— Br stmr Bristol,
from Departure Bay for Pan Francisco. 1 .
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 10— Str South Coast.
"sailed °Nov 10— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
° ASTORIA— Nov 10— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco. j-*..it,.* >.»
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Cnllkat. no
° V 8 ' EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Nov Ship
Charmer, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Advance,
for Colon. FOREIGN pORTS
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 11— Fr bark Mar
guarite Ellse, for Portland, Or. ■
Arrived Nov 7— Stmr China, hence Oct 20.
KAHULUl— Arrived Oct 29— Schr Ethel Zane,
DEPARTURE BAY— Nov Bark
Wilna, for Honolulu. _
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Oct Schr J B Leeds,
°HlLO^ Arrived Oct 24— Bark CD Bryant ho
Oct 9. 22— Haw bark Santiago, hence Oct 8.
Sailed Oct 27— Schr Spokane, for Port Gamble.
HONOLULU— To sail Nov 5— S itmr Ari
zona, for Manila.
Arrived Nov I— Sohr Repeat, frm Port Blake
1C HONGKONG— Arrived Nor B— Br «tr Gaelic.
BUENOS AYRES— Nor »— bark
Mary A Troop, from Port Blakeley 1
HlLO— Arrived Oct 23— Bark C D Bryant, be
Oct 9
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 12— Bktn Arago fm
Port Blakeley. 13— Stmr Alameda, hence Oct
6. 18— Schr Mazama. hence Oct 6. 17— Br itmr
Gaelic, hence Oct 11. 20-Bktn W H Dlmond.
hence Oct 4. 21— Bark Alden Besse. hence Oct
5 22— Stmr Centennial, from Seattle. Schr
Okanogan, from Port Ludlow: brig », _ i D
Eperckels, hence Oct 10. Bark Martha
Davis, hence Oct 9; Btmr Senator hence Oct
17 26-Stmr China, hence Oct 20: Br stmr
Aorangl. from Sydney: Br ship Algburth from
Philadelphia: bktn Irmgard, hence Oct 12. 27—
Stmr Velencia, hence Oct 19; stmr Arizona,
from Hongkong. 28— Schr Jessie Minor, from
Eureka. 2iPßr stmr Warrimoo, from Victoria:
otmr Australia, hence Oct 22. Bark Sea
King from Nanalmo: Br ship Westgate. from
•Newcastle, NSW. 81— Bktn Omega, from New
e«stle NSW. Nov I— Schr Repeat, from Port
Blakeley; bark Ceylon, from Seattle. "_:'-.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr City of Peking, for To
kohama: bark Harvester, for Port To"wn»end:
schr A M Campbell, for Port Townsend. 14—
Stmr Alameda, for Sydney. 14— Chil ship Star
of Italy, for Port Townsend. 16— Chll ship Star
for Port Townsend. Schr Maria E Smith,
for Port Townsend. 18— stmr Gaelic, for
Yokohama: ship Isaac Reed, for Hongkong, II
—Haw bark Mauna Ala, for San Francisco:
schr Alice Cooke, for Port Townsend. — Schr
Maweena, for Grays Harbor; ■nip J B Brown,
for Port Townsend: Br ship Helen Denny, for
Royal Roads. 27— Ship John A. Brlggs, for
Chemainus; stmr China, Tor Hongkong: sehr
Aloha, for San Francisco. 28— Nor bark Haav
puen for Port -Townsend. — Bark Alden
Besse. for San Francisco; stmr City of Colum
bia for Seattle. 30— stmr Warrimoo, for
Sydney. 31— Haw bark R P Rlthet. for San
Francisco. Nov I— Bktn Arago. for Port
Townsend; stmr Senator, for Manila; strrrr Va
lencia, for Manila. ' '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h^ Steamers leave Broadway
VcS-^^ wharf, San Francisco:
kKSJBI* For Alaskan ports, II a. so..
IBEPIrJIS^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. if. 22, 27. Dee. 2.
L ■Enlßi transfer at Seattle.
WkTB W«l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
qBSCnIW c.) Port Townsend, Seattle,
f^'*^^lS«a\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
?: New Whatcom (Wash.). II
m.. Nov. J. 7. 12, 17, 31. 17.
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamer, for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
For Santa Cni*. Monterey. San Simeon.
cfylcosT Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 1. 5, 9, 13, 17. 21. 25. 29.
Dec 3 and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblepo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <£» Axwel«>s "£
m . Nov. S, 7, 11. 18. W. «3, Tt, De«. J. IM
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ISta of every
m For further Information obtain 'older.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
al tIiOKBT «»IHnr. New Montgomery
*ICKIET OFFIOB-4 New Montgomery
"^O^DA^VgRKVNS 4 CO.. Gen. Agt^.
uwu ' 10 Market St.. San FrancUoo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
♦ PORTLAND
From Spear-#treet Wharf «t 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class incladlne Bertha
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Kov. 6. 15. 24, Dec. 1.
State California sails Nov. 9. 18. 27. Dee. «.
8.155 1 2d 10 a17 r %2 ral fr fh P e Oka^rt^2t
&Uh ticket. g a,,^ojnt^a.^ Agent.
€30 Market streeC
OQODALU PERKINS A CO.,
""" Superintendent!.
Compapie Generate Transatlantique,
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRVN'OE). Sailing every Saturday <s^rt
at 10 a m.. from Pier 42. North *W»nHrti
River foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE ...Nov. 1|
LA BRETAGNE Nov. M
LA TOT'RAINE Dec- 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per -
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, I-
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
.jtiSl&tmPfSßSSffl Tbe S - s - MOANA
alls vla Honolulu and
HMa. b «S Qb Auckland *°r Sydney
fj<ff»,lPa >*^ — V Wednesday. November
PMVftMlft Tne s s MOAN A
?al!s v| a Honolulu and
rfc^^ Auckland for Sydney
H >v Wednesday, November
G*<rX^\ 30 - at 10 p. m.
®S^i?^lEdfnSnD d Llne to COOLGAR-
&&§S&r®^l rl-lln,, DIE ' Australia and
i**§&r @l]p3f^ CAPE TOWN. South
«»*«^ i \z,»'i' M ' v H Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
■:>■■■■ 114 Montgomery it.
Freight office — 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
■ SAYAiiiS &IVEB STEAMEB3.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 3:30
p. m. Steamer Alviso. Clay-street wharf. Fare-
to San . Jose, 35c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main 1350. •
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Hon., Toe*., Wed.. Tbura. and Bat.. ., #
3:46 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Tkuil
Friday 5......... 1 p. m. and 1:10 p. m.
Eunday5............. ;..... 10:30 a. m. and I p. a,
Landing and offices— Dock. Fla* Ik
TtlepbofM Re 4 tKLAPT? EBTISEMENTS.
wttr yS * |^B|^^_f^^^£|£flr ft I Vr» fy^ \'^l
C Brokers chew %
I Piper Heidsieck 1
fL : Plug Tobacco %
& "on the board/ It helps them hold J§
H on until the right moment! It is a j«
|gr perfect pleasant and satisfying. &
S Just a nip of it now and then gives £
*& nerve to busy business men. ' 4st •
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. 1
INSPECTORS SAY
POINTED THINGS
ABOUT BOILERS
Result of the Mary
Garratt Inquiry.
THE CHARGES ARE DISMISSED
AN ADDITIONAL INCENSED EN
GINEER MUST BE PROVIDED.
Effect of Cold Salt Watar When
Pumped Into the Feed — Re
ceives Official Investi
gation.
The T'rJted States Inspectors of Local
and Foreign Steam Vessels have complet
ed the Investigation into the charges
made hy H. J. Corcoran ag-ainst Chief
Engine* :r P. W. Patterson and Assistant
Engineer F. Huber of the steamer Mary
Garratt. the property of the California
Navigation and Improvement Company.
Mr. Corcoran Is the manager of that com
pany.
Mr. Corcoran charged the accused with
having been guilty of carelessness, negli
gence and inefficiency during the period
from September 10 to October 11. In that
they pumped cold Bait water into the boil
ers of the steamer, that they left the fur
nace doors open to prevent the steam
pressure from rising while the boat was
at the landings, and that they did not
keep the bridge walls clean, thereby caus
ing the boilers to leak In their girth
fams. The Inspectors' report states
that the witnesses proved that th© boilers
were leaky and that the top of the bridge
wails was covered with about three Inches
ot debris.
Huber and Patterson denied that they
pumped cold salt water into the boilers and
Insisted that the water was warm. This
they pumped Into the feed in small quan
tities just prior to blowing down the boil
ers for the purpose of removing*the scale.
The testimony further shows that while
J. J. Holland was chief engineer last April
the regular feed pump broke down
through a defect in the steam chest. This
was reported to Mr. Corcoran, who, not
withstanding, allowed the steamer to
make two round trips to San Francisco
while repairs were being made. This ne
cessitated the use of the deck pump in
ping the- cold feed water into the boil
t-rs during that time.
The Inspectors say this was certainly
not beneficial to the boilers, carrying, as
they do, 170 pounds of steam, though Hol
land testified that they did not leak at
that time. The accused deny opening the
furnace doorß.
■'In our judgment," the Inspectors went
on to say, "the testimony does not sustain
Narges, which are therefore dls
: I. We agree with Manager Cor
r...rriii that the engineer on watch should
visit the boilers of the steamer. The boil
ers of the Mary Garratt, however, are at
least 100 feet distant from the engine
room, hence during such watch, in order
to perform the necessary duty of looking
after the boilers the engineer must absent
himself several times from his engine
Ing it in charge of an unlicensed
man, there being but one engineer in each
watch.
"We do not incline to oppress steamboat
owners, but with the foregoing in mind
lleve it our duty in the interest of
the inspection .^rvice and for the safety
pi Mr. on board to require an additional
ifjineer to be carried on tho
garratt und all other steamers of
Visit our Art Department during the
opening to-day and to-morrow and see
the pretty novelties, such as cushions
3 rapes, scarfs, cases, baskets and burnt
wood and leather goods. Newman &
Levmson. 131 Kearny. See window dis-
Wanted to Be jl Soldier.
Louis Smith, a boy IS years of age, was
found asleep on the sidewalk on Broder-
Ick street, near Greenwich, yesterday
afternoon by Policeman Alexander He
was sent to the City Prison in the patrol
wagon and his parents notified. The boy
left his father's home at 128 Second street
on October 24. and has since been nvine
with the soldiers at the Presidio He
•aid he wanted to be a soldier. Hia
disappearance was reported by his
parents to the police, and since then every
effort has been made to locate him.
THROWN FROM HIS BTJGGY.
Van lioben-Sels, Consul General for
the Netherlands, Meets With
a Slight Accident.
P. J. Van Loben Sels, Consul General in
this city for the Netherlands and Para
guay, met with a slight accident yester
day morning while driving in a buggy to
Sacramento. He was accompanied by the
superintendent of his ranch, which is
situated several miles this side of that
place, when suddenly some part of the
harness gave way and the horses became
unmanageable. They roared on thPir
haunches, and the impact against the
buggy threw Mr. Sels out. He was as
sisted back intd the vehicle by his com
panion, and after patching up the harness
they continued their ride to Sacramento.
It was first thought that one of ivir.
Sels' ribs had been fractured, but on ex
amination it was found that such was not
the case. He sustained a few minor
bruises, which will confine hini tn ias
room for two or three days. He took the
lust available train for Oakland, and is
now at his home at 1305 Adeline street.
Hg was sitting up yesterday afternoon,
and felt quite comfortable.
TELEPHONE FRANCHISE
MAY BE EXTENDED
PROVISO CONCERNING THE
NUMBER OF POLES.
People's Mutual Telephone Company
Before the Supervisors' Com
mittee Yesterday.
The committee on streets of the Board
of Supervisors met yesterday morning
and considered a number of important |
matters. The question of granting an ex- .
tension of one year's time to the People's '
Mutual Telephone Company in which to
expend $100,000 in betterments, as provided
In the franchise, -was disposed of by re
quiring the company to file a written
guarantee in the office of the Supervisors'
clerk that there would be no more poles j
erected within the fire limits than are ab
solutely necessary for the conduct of the
business. Afterward the committee on !
streets will favorably consider the appli- ;
cation for one year's extension.
Park Superintendent McLaren, Park
Commissioner Zeile and King of the Mer- j
chants' Association appeared before the i
committee to urge that street sweepings \
be henceforth given to Golden Gate Park, j
The proposal was well received and the ,
Merchants' Association will be asked to ;
g-ive the committee some pxact figures a?
tQ the cost of taking the sweepings to the
park and all other desirable data.
It was decided to present a resolution i
at the meeting of the board next Monday !
providing that the bitumen pavements !
should not be sprinkled with carts, but
should be thoroughly washed each night
by the flushing system. It has been
shown by trial in Eastern cities that
flushing is the best way of cleaning j
asphalt surfaces, and the committee ber I
lieves that bitumen should be treated in
the same way. _ ..
The question of granting the Southern
Pacific Railroad the right of way for a
| double track through the city to Fourth
and Townsend streets was on the calen
dar ff f >r consideration, but was not
i brought -up for some reason. It will be
I rt-collected that this matter was before
the committee several weeks ago and that
the property owners in the Mission dis
trict filed a strong protest, which was pre
: sf-uted by a large delegation of the citf
1 zens They claim that the Southern Pa-
I cine' is a trespasser now, that it built
its one track on the plea that the same
was only temporary and had sine© re
fused to vacate.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
I Bush and Larkln sts. fiwimmlhg, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater oireet from ocean.
Another Libel on the Belvedere.
David Dunlap. H. Svenson and two oth
er sailors of the steam whaler Belvedere
beran «uit in the United States District
Court yesterday to recover $500 damages
each fur having been obliged to- remain
and work on the vessel for a period of
eieht months after their term of twelve
months had expired. Svenson asks for
$500 additional for having been triced up
by Captain Millard.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver di*ea«e« cared. Dr.
Gonlin. Sanitarium, f.14 Pine nr Kearny. d.F. Gal.
Sutro Will Contest.
Emma I* Merrltt and W, 11. R. Adam
son administrators of the will of Adolph
Sutro filed a demurrer to the amended
contest of Edgar E. Sutro yesterday and
ask that the contest be dismissed by rea
son that It does not state facts sufficient
to constitute any grounds of opposition.
"Anakesls" curea piles. For free sample
ad. "Anakesis," Tribuna building. N. Y. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
AN ORANG-OUTANG'S ROMANCE.
JOE, the orang-outang, and Salii©, the
chimpanzee, are successfully passing
through the throes of their very first
romance and the management out at the
Chutes is on the alert, carefully noting all
the details, which they will forward to
the great naturalist. Professor Garner.
It's "Love's young dream" in very truth,
for Sallle has Just turned one blissful
summer and Joe has endured existence
for a brief twenty months. Thus far this
remarkable courtship is up to the accept
ed human standard. The maid is coy and
tender, the lad vain and domineering,
- < ■ ■ rnr> wild man from the wild
est coast of Africa, supplies the necessary
rival to disturb the monotonous calm of a
love that cannot be true II It run smooth
ly. ...  ;■ . . - ■ . ■■■■■:■■
There is nothing prepossessing or fas
cinating about Congo, who, by the way,
the Chutes managers declare, is the much
sought for "missing link." But Congo
wiars not with unbecoming: grace the
regulation male attire, and Congo sports
a beard, two stubborn facts that all admit
are- fatal to the regular pulsation of the
feminine cardiac.
When Sallie tlrst met Congo she put up
her rosy razor lips and pressed them to
the luscious red border that protects the
wild man from Africa's teeth; then she
sighed, turned her back on Joe and gazed
in mute admiration at Congo's high intel
lectual brow and sleepy though eloquent
orbs. After this Joe courted the fair on©
in vain. She spurned the food he so dain
tily "spooned" up for her. She refused to
drink from his glass. She began to de
velop a coquettish love of her one and
only gown — an esthetic thing of salmon
LAST VOYAGE
OF THE BELGIC
TO THIS PORT
Will Now Be Returned
to Her Owners.
MILLION DOLLARS IN SKINS
VALUE OF THE BARKENTTNE
BEHRING'S BIG CARGO.
American Murdered in Korea — Ship
Baring Bros. Raised — General
Merriam Visits the Italian
Cruiser.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu and the Ori
ental and Occidental Company's Belgic,
from Hongkong, via Yokohama and Hon
olulu, Wednesday night and yesterday
morning. They left Honolulu within a
few hours of each other and arrived here
about the same time apart. The Australia
brought up seventy-four cabin and fifty
five steerage passengers, and the Belgic
brought forty-eight cabin, twelve Euro
pean, one Chinese and three Japanese,
second cabin, and forty-three Japanese
and 294 Chinese in the steerage. This ia
the Keltic's last run on the Hongkong
route. Now that the Oriental and Occi
dental, Pacific Mail and the Japanese
line are to run three steamers each there
is nothing for the Belgic to do, bo she
will be returned to the White Star line,
her owners. The officers are glad, as a
rul>. that she' is going- back, but Captain
Kinder does not like the change, as his
home is here.
The Australia and Belgic were delayed
a few hours by northeast gales, a head
sea and high northeast swell.
The Belgic brings the particulars of the
murder of an American named George
Lake in Korea. The deceased kept a
store at Chemulpo and was a great favor
ite with everybody* He lived alone and
some one stole into the house while he
slept and drove a knife into his brain.
The murderer was not caught and the
matter was being investigated by Deputy
United States Consul General J. C. Sanda
when the steamer sailed.
The American ship Baring Brothers,
which caught fire and was sunk in Kobe
Harbor on August 12 last, has been raised
again. The wreck and cargo were sold
for a song and the purchaser is goingto
make a small fortune out of them. Be
sides the hwll there are 400 baits of rags
and 750 tons of manganese ore in the hold.
Three attempts were made to raise the
vessel. The first failed because the pon
■ were not large enough, a storm
ed the second and the third suc
boys in blue at Manila are not to
rt of fresh meat. The Belgic brings
that the British steamers Urmston
c and Duke of Sutherland have ar
rived there from Brisbane, Australia,
with 3100 tons of frozen meat for the
army.
Major General Merriam, accompanied
by his aid. First Lieutenant John B. Ben
nett, Seventh United States Infantry, for
mally returned yesterday the call mads
Wednesday by Captain Giovani Giorello,
of the Italian cruiser Etna, General Mer
riam and Lieutenant Bennett left de
partment headquarters about 9 o'clock in
the morning. The two officers wore their
full dress uniform and side arms. They
went out to the Etna on the Government
steamer McDowell and were received by
the officers of the crv'ser with full cere
monies. General Merriam and his aid
were invited into the captain's cabin,
where they spent a short time in con
versing with Captain Giorello. When the
general left the Etna he was given a
salute of fifteen guns. Captain Giorello
and the wardroom officers of the Etna
have been extended the courtesy of the
Bohemian Club.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Farragut
was out on her official trial trip yester
day. It is not known for certain whether
sh<; has come up to the Government re
quirements or not, but the general impres
sion is that she has. In shallow water
she made a poor showing but in twenty
fathoms she made much better than thir
ty knots.
The Russian' barkenttne Behring arrived
from Petropaulovski yesterday with a
fortune in skins aboard. She brings the
season's catch of the Russian Sealskin
sealskins and 110 packages of bearskins;
cambric with soulful pale green trim
mings, and would fling herself like a petu
lant child all in a heap upon the floor
when any one attempted to take her from
the wild man's strong brown arms.
Joe's undoing robbed him of his usual
vivacity and ci'en for a while his life was
despaired of, when, like a good fairy,
civilization took a hand in his romance.
Congo and Sallie and Joe came to town.
Congo saw other members of the weaker
sex and without any preparation for the
shock he must have known he was about
to inflict the missing link neglected Sallie.
Joe, lucky Joe, took advantage of Congo's
desertion. He gave Sallie all his fruit, his
largest, whitest grains of rice, and finally
one bright morning took advantage of the
chimpanzee's unusual affection to seal
their betrothal with a rubbing of lips.
Congo, however, is not at all disturbed
by the turn matters have taken. He
flirts desperately with all the ladies who
visit him, and— vain beauty that he is —
now and then gazes toward Sallie with a
look that plainly says "I could still win
you if I would.
Company, and It Is valued at fully « mil
lion dollars. It Includes 273 packages of
assorted furs, 619 dry sealskins; 0491 salted
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© ®®®®®®®®®®®®®©©®©®®©®®®®®©©©(s_^
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM.!
® ...... ©
© — : . . ©
® . ■■■■- T ©
v >*Hi?2b €T\ J ames Bepe of Tres Pinos, ©
® Hi : -^\\ '■ Cal* Cured of Rheumatism %
I ? jffi » VTO After Snffering 34 Years. §
® sWlaßyy*^ - .■:■•* '£i*\ '-\ V, 1 DR. A. T. SANUEN— Dear Sir: I stand (J)
ft) S&^*'&?~~ ' ' <► rp»dy to testify to having hi>»n cured of
' mSSt .'■ j'.a —/^jT "■'■jiiW rheumattem of thirty-four years' standing ®
® wDm! * h' V " by your "Dr. Eanden's Electric Belt." It m
(55 fSfif'i V b ' ' **3^^"i '.jfjttqM naß completely cured me after doctors and
'■• VJ *\. *~V 7 _^jSSsERaMsf remedies. had failed, for which lam very ®
® W \^fc_ ' V. .» / -JF tVMBBbF thankful and will be more than pleased to ~
r . W ft^» «. I / sfIGSB«K7 make It known to any one who is trouble.! W
* I "Wk. II «• / I WjoßmEßw^ as J w^ - 1 was also suffering with lndl- --,
® I <ss»\M)yjS/i^4r I^SKHKSuA. f estlon and heart trouble of the worn kind. <£
"r I -BkAsPSJr*'^/ dNHHsV 1 lam now entirely free from pain and feel (2
® I better than I have for thirty-four years, r;
® EL bßbMbbV My . wlfe wore the Belt for a short time, (S
■X >J^ffigaatf!sSPBgsSaSHgi3ar and lam pleased to say It has dona mora -a
® lS? :^. ' for her than medicine c- medical aid could
®|JTiyi .«fr>%^X^^S^»H^l ■ ei! ' er da - l honestly recommend the Belt to (3
lrS§r i • '■^■sSfiffl Hr*^sl aJ! sufferers, and feel confident It will ac- /-.
(•) W -^MH^ mUBHM EhWbF c< mplieh what It has done for me Tours
: '■' very truly, JAMES BFQUE «
® ; .'".: ;:■ .: . Tres Pino*. CaJ. g
i Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt %
© There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that *
fa will relieve the pain and stiffness as speedily as DR.SANDEN'S BLEC- @
"r TRJC BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every day <g
® brings fresh proof of its power. If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back, (a
© Sciatica,- Lumbago or Weakness in • th» Nerves or Vital Organs, you )? !
© ought to consult Dr. Sanden. ■ He will tell you whether his Belt will cure **
fg. you and give you advice free. If you cannot call, send for the free 9
(g! book, "Three Classes of Men," which will be sent sealed to address for (3
*r the asking. Don't put It off. Act to-day. There Is nothing more lm- ©
** portant than your health- Call or address • z-
| DR. A. X. SANDEN, * ; * ©
© 702 Xtrktt Btre*t, Corner K«n»y. Ban ?r»n.uo.. KOT IN DRUG STORES. ©
(i\ Office hours, 8•-m.to I p. m.; Sundays, It — — Jj _ m
w to L Branches at Los Anreles, Cal., 232 West , Dr. B»nden s Electrlo Bait *»
® Second street; Portland. Or.. 253 Waahlnftoa '• never so.d In drug stores ®
/y> street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: Bor by traveling a«enu; only ~Z
W Dallas, Tex., 2SB Main street; Butts, Mont., «t our office. ®
® 110' North" Main street. ♦"- — '■ + q
a® ®®©©©.©®®®®®®©®©©®©®©©®®®®o®®®®ffiffia
I
Comducto> : . I don't know hoW I would get along if it wasn't fof
. \. Ripans Tabules. We men here on the road ar«
... always in such* a '■** hustle," and get so little timi
. . - to eat and have to swallow our food so quickly.
no wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
. ■••■'■ v* <i' : with it for nearly two years before I got*' onto"
. • - . the Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
• dizzy feeling about my head. My bowels didn't
work regularly, and I felt " mean " all the time. I
saw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bought
■ome, and after taking them y for a ! month felt like
% new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
Indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved -
to be just what he needed, !
GRAND JURY
PROBING INTO
SCHOOL BILLS
Gross Extravagance Is
Charged.
INDICTMENTS ARE EXPECTED
BARRINGTON AND WALLER ARE
A MISTED.
Registrar Biggy to Be Complimented
for Efficiency in a Special ''■, f
Report From That
August Body.
The Grand Jury met last .evening to
consider election cases and to probe into
the financial affairs of the School Board.
Subpoenas had been issued for Presi- |
dent Barrington of the Board of Bduca-'j
tion, Chairman Waller of the finance com- ■
mittee, Secretary Charles Welsh of the
School Board and Auditor Broderlck.
Welsh was present with a detailed state
ment of the finances of the board and
other information bearing upon the ex
penditures.
The Grand Jury has fully determined to
make things hot for the School Board,
believing that there has been gross de
reliction of duty and perhaps worse in
the handling of the school funds. Espe
cial attention will be directed toward the
bills for equipping Mission High School
with furniture, apparatus, etc., the cost
i having been somewhere In the neighbor
hood of $40,000. President Barrington has
refused to sign some of these bills.
The fact has leaked out that thousands
of dollars have been expended recently
by the various committees without se
curing the consent of the board. The sup
ply committee has gone ahead and equip
ped Mission High School on its own re
sponsibility, and is charged with gross
extravagance, inasmuch as the School
Board had no money to expend in the
purchase of high-priced desks, laboratory
equipment, etc.
There is reason to believe that several
indictments will result.
The Grand Jury last night returned a
new indictment against Mrs. Botkin for
the murder of Mrs. Dunning, a technical
flaw having been discovered in the indict
ment previously found.
Registrar Biggy is to Be complimented
by the Grand Jury in a special report
and his efficiency in office will be dwelt
upon at length. At the same time the
Board of Election Commissioners will i
come in for a roast on account of the wav
in which hoodlums, Senegambians and
others were appointed as judges and
clerks of election.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AreYoiißnn Down, Exhausted?
■;■.•"..■ \ *' ; *
TRY
I I | iiimj^m, „.
j^SS( fl| lil £^% I k▼ J A mI JB fa A i
SIR HENRY IRVING, M ink 1 ill mran
I ih. Eminsnt Tragedian. ;. '. . MARIANI WINE
i gjs^%ii Makes the
, ■aR' i &Qm- :: Weak Strong.
/I rss'%!^- 1 • i^M^^f^lr Marian! Wine gives power to th«
If 1 fvmP brain, strength and elasticity to th«
Ili'lH ! il^ J^^^^y^ff| muscles and richness to the blood. H
iß>nlsivls i*^?^^-! 1 i soothes, strengthens and sustains th«
-^^!^Ku ;: *<^^^£^bl}<' : ''' system and braces body and brain. Fa
. '^7 W) flls^l% -f^T; & V^' overworked men, delicate women, sickly
— -* * "■ * **"" " iiiiiim *j»i«w children it works wonders.
.. I can certainly add my testimony to To those who will kindly write to MA2UAM!
I Jhe virtues of Yin Marlanl. which I * co wi 52 W'rt Fifteenth street. New Tori
(no vircues or \in Mariani, wnlcn I cttJ . vnn ba sent frce> book contaln!rK por .
have found excellent, and am well traits with Indorsements of Emperors. Em;
convinced of its duality. ' »£?»», '. Prlncea, Cardinals. Archblshopa ar-4
T_TTr<-v-D-r- Tt>irT\T/-i other Interesting matter. Mention this paper.
HiiiJNKl IKVIJNU. All Druggißts. Avoid Substitutions.
Part* — Boulerard Haussmann. London— Mortimer street. Montreal— 23-30 Hospital street. ■
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
oooooooooooooooooa
%*"* PALACE «*5
°GRAND»mMkMi
c BAH FRANCt&CO. 2
Jf Connected by a covered passageway. JJ
•* 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. °
| O Ail Under One Management. Q
! O NOTE THE PKICSS: Q
O European Flan.Bl.OO per day and upward _
American $;s.<iO per day and upward VI
j 0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
p JOSH 0. KIBKPA7RICK, Manager. q
go OOOOOOOQ&OOOOO OjO
DR. MCNULTY.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i- Special Ist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Jlonae. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 dally; 6:3o to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
DDTTCUT7C FOR barbers, BAR-
DKU Dlllto ere > ko'Jtblacks, bath-
waluw^auw houses,, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, .nners.
dyers, , flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
/^"^ Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aj^»Jfa 62/5 KEABSY ST. Established
am 1854 for the treatment Private
O2i)KEABSYXT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
fcSLiJtViIW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SSjrSS^'feSjp disease weariDK on bociyand mind and
tTf/Siujife^i Skin Diseases, 'rhedociorcureswrien
others fall. Try him. Charges low
tS&»*SaMaSi3 <iiri>Hs:nnrau(4'<-«l. Callorwrlta
; Dr. J. i". oiBB*», Box. 1957.5 an Francisca
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MoiTMKRjf refine conrAHT.
(rACir.'O SYBTKM.)
frnlna leme nnal urci due to aiTlf* Sit
■■ - ■ SAN rHAICMC*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
•.kavb • — • From Nov. S. 1898. — \ arktvb
MI:00a Nile*. Jos- and Way Stations... •«:45a
7:OOa. K'-nK-ia, Buim:u and Sacramento. . ■ . 10:13 a
7:OUa MarysTille, OroTiUeand Redding tia
W<«dlaod 5:43p
7:OOa Ehnira. V^cavillo and Uuu.sty 8:43p
7:HWa Martinez, Sau Hainan, Vullejo, Napa,
I'lilist'.^ii ami Santa 1t05a.... C:lsp
8i«Oa AtUutio Kxpress, «'g iin and Must.. SUSP
»i:i«A .San .lose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MHryHville,
Chief). Tehama and Red Kind.... -Isl3p
8: 3O a Stock Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7 : 1 p
•H:3«\ Milton »7tl3p
9:UUa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
and Fresno. 12:15?
O:U»a Fresno, Itakcrsfleld. Santa lUili»rn.
Los Angeles, Demii.g, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kant 6:43p
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
' tinez 6:«p
IO:OOa VaJli-Jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:-l.'ii-
*l*O«p Hnrrainento KUer Ble : iin<:rs «0:«0p
1 :OOp Mien. San Jose and Way Stations ... 1 1 s-13a
Pan Jose, Mies and Way Stations... Jo:l3a
2:00p Nil<M, Tracy, Mendota, Hauford and
Visalia 4t13»
jTormore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations J16!13a
4iPOp fartiuez, San Ramon, Vallejo.i ■ ; ~i-
Napa, (Mistoxa, Xl Verauo aud
Bantu ltosa U«18a
4iO»p Benicla, VacaTUle, Woodland,
•< ■ ' • Knights Landing, M:»rysvi!le, Oro-
Tille and .Sucnmienti. 1»!4Ba
4:»Op Haywards, N >!••.-. aud San Jose 7:43 a
0:00 p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno, '. .-
■:• \ , Mojttve, Santa Harbara and l.os .
An»elt«i , Bi4«a
3>oop Han la I'd Konte. Atlantic Xi ureas
for MnjaVH and Mast 6:48p
1J3:00p " l'acirio Coast limited," El Paao,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, tit.
Louis. Chicago and Bast J6:-I3p
BiSOp . Sau Joxe, Tracy, l.atbrop,
M.icf.i and Fresno * ........
3:30p Stookton 1»:I»P
«ioi»i- KmroMMi Mail, OO K dpn and Hast.... U:4o«
•«:»(•!• Vu11cj0..... lailßp
(7iOOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tO:43p
8:00r Oregon Sacramento, Marys- .
rille. Redding, Portland, Pn«et '
< Hiiuihl and Kit*t Bil3a
' SIN I-KANKKO AM* IlWHAlt'ts LOCAL.
(Kootof Market Street.)
1 Kell'OK)*, Niiiiinary Park, (
£?>?S KUclilmidc. KlmfiiirHt, .*'***
ASS. , ; ?I*.««Iro,»;t..Hllo,-. \«*&
:i2:o»m Loremo, Cherrr ■ ji : 4. 1p
«l:O«p «n«l J2:lsp
3:00p . '- lliij niirilM. ■. . . {."i:-lr>;
7:00p I Runs througli to Miles. 7:43p
J I From Nlles. [
COAST ItIVfHIOK (.Nnrron (Janire).
- (Foot of Market Street.)
Bt.lsANeTrark.CVnterville,B»nJose,Folton,
' Boulder Crtek, Santa Oruz and Way
BUtlons 3i3«p
*%tlSr Newark, Center rill*. San Jose, New ; . : : .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
5tati0n5............,^ *lOi.lOa
4>lSr Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a
tll>43p liters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Way Buttons t7:»o>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRIKCISCO — root of Mt'rkit Streat (Slip 8) — ' .-.;
•7:16 i 9:00 ' n:OI)».M. Jl:flO '2:03 " (3:00
' M:00 .- J8:00, ♦6:00r.M. . .
from -fool or Bra«d#*j.—*rt:OO 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tI2:QO " »l:00 t2:00 *3:00 - Ji:o3 '8:00
.. COAST VISION (Broad Clause).
' (Third and Townsend Sta.) ,
7iVOa Ban Jose and Way Stations (New
. Alniadeu Wednesdays 0u1y)..,.... l>3oi
9:00 a Han Jose. 'J'res Piniw, H>inU Crux, •■
Pacllio (irote, Paso Kiiblei/ Sau
■ ■ I. is i )l>is|Mi. (iuadalupe. Surf and ' ■ -\-
Principal Way St,,ti ,-. .......... 4tlO(
lOs4Oa Him .lose ami Way .SUtions *H:UOt
I1:»Oa San J<«e ami Way Stations ....... 8:33j
■a:4srSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. .San Jose, ' ".
Giir.iy, Hollistet, Santa Cruz,
■■.• "'_■ Salinas, Monterey and Pacific ■ ■
- Owen ..'...... '....;,..:... •io:86» ,
•a: SO Sau Jose and Way Stations *9:Uoit
•1:1 .It- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations * 9:45 «
■3:ltopSaa Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:331
3:»O[> San .Toss ami Principal Way .Stations 5:30 i
<>::i«r 9an Jose ami Way Statiuns ?:3«i
<11:43p San Josohihl Way Stations 7:30 i
'* A for Morning. P for Afternoon, •
• orceiiteil. t Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays, oiilj .
\M.ir. days and Thiintd ays. Batnrdayg and Wednesdays j
I BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
j CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
*AJI FBARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIIi
RAILWAY COMPANY. ; r
£I__re«_ ffcray. ¥—% t Market si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
8:;:o, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m. 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SA.\ RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
| WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
I 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 arid 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYB--8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m. ;.. : -.■,..•"-.•--
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
! San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i October 16, . ■
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
! Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
! - .. . _____ ______ _____
! 7:3o am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
s:lopmj 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
, Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
S:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
j 7:Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevill*. 7:85 pm]
3:30 pm { 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm' 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. jlO:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark Wesc
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
: serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
| the Geyßers; at Holland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake-, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
| Springs, Upper Lake, • Porno, Potter Valley,
I John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bueknell's,
1 Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvillc, Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
West port, • Usal, Willltts, Laytonvilln, Cum-
, ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
I Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
1 reduced rates. ■-■ I.'. ■. •--■ ; •
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
I Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
• Limited
Sasiiafeßoate
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 ;3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO TICKEfOFFJCE— 628 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. . i- '
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FKAJSi i.- O TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- •7:20, •j:3O, 11:00 a. m. «1:45.
3:45, 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »10:00, '11:30 a. m.; *l:15,
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. «*V«.£
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:45, »9:30 a. m.
•12:20. 2:20/ *3:45, -5:06 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '3:00, •10:00, *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m. . "
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a.m.;
12:35, 3:45, 3:00, 6:20 p. m. ♦ . ,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. i "
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and • way ■
stations. • . •
8:00 a. m. — Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, uj», .trains will run as follows:
South-bound. -i/*". V North-bound.
Paßsen- Mixed. Mixed. (Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
r I
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:50 pm -
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:C3pra
11:40 am s:Sopm ' Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:33 pm 7*45 pm. Han/urd 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm 12:30 am , Bakersfleld ." 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:i!>pm; 8:50 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points a. required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com- ■
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily. .
For stage connections see official time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. . . . . •
"MOUNT TAIiALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(via aausalito. Ferry.)  .
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1898: ■
Week Days— 9:»o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundayß— B:oo, 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK _ SON, Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco. — ' ;
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
910
JOHN ECKLEY
WILL BE CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
Deserted Wife's Inter
esting Affidavit.
HE FAILS TO PAY ALIMONY
LIVES HIGH AND BASKS IN THE
SMILES OF ANOTHER.
Etta L. Eckley Avers That Her Ex-
Husband Is Able to Pay, for
He Makes Books on
the Haces.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 10.
John Bckley will probably be cited to
appear in the Supreme Court for con
tempt in failing to pay alimony to his
divorced wife.
Etta Louise Eckley obtained a decree
of divorce on September 27 last from
John, who is known on both sides of the
bay as a hail and well met fellow, pos
sessed of an abundance of ducats. The
gTound alleged as the cause of action was
willful desertion, though it had been gen
erally anticipated that tho allegations
would be of a sensational character. The
couple had been living In Alameda, appa
rently in the height of happiness, but the
testimony adduced at the trial showed
that the husband frequently remained
away from home a week at a time, and it
showed thai much of this time comprised
the moments during which he was bask
iiiK in the smiies of a woman In San I
Francisco. Tho suit proved a shock to i
Alameda society circles.
Mrs. Eckley was awarded custody of |
the minor child and alimony in the sum I
of $lw per month for the support of her
eelf and the little one.
According to an affidavit tiled by Mrs.
Eckley this afternoon, the smile-basking
John has failed to come forward with the
ny. The divorced wife avers that
be Is nniply supplied with money and able
to pay, and "that during all the time I
since the judgment and decree he has !
been living and eating at high-priced res- I
taurants in San Francisco; he has fre-
Quented the race tracks in Alameda ajid I
Sacramento counties with sporting men
and women, and at said places has always ;
had sufficient money to make books on i
the races run."
The deserted and divorced Alaxneda
wife further avers that the defendant
"has frequently taken 'FrankJe J. Taylor"
to said places and paid all the expenses
Id woman; and that he is wholly
supporting this woman, while the plaintiff
is without im-ans or money with which
to support herself and child, as she is ab
solutely dependent upon the payment of
alimony for her support."
The lirst payment was to be made Octo
ber 1, and she has not received any part
of this.
JOAQTJIN MILLER'S COAT.
Unique Costume the Poet Will Wear
on His Lecture Tour.
OAKLAND. Nov. ]o.— Joaquin Miller,
the poet of the Sierras, will w^ar a most
remarkable coat on his Eastern lecture
tour. This habit is made from the skin of
a young reindeer. The collar has a rich
trimming of mink fur. while the front is
decorated with four sable tails, each sur
mounted by a small fish or bird carved
from walrus ivory. Gold nuggets, col
lected by the poet in the frozen lields jf
Alaska, supply unique buttons; the waist
coat is of sealskin. A cap or rare
Sight furs complete the odd costume,
which for comfort and as a guard against
Inclement winters will be the envy of
Easterners.
"One of The first things my agent sug
gested to me," said the poet, "was that I
should make rn\ appearance in evening
dress during my lecturing tour, which I
shall start on In a few days, and so 1
made up my mind to adopt the evening
dress of tno people of Alaska, with whom
I have been spending the last year or two.
You see the insult, and I have an idea
that it won't be so very uncomfortable
when I get among the snowdrifts of the
middle \vest."
Death of a Hermit.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— George Kane, an
>ld hermit, who for many years has been
residing in a two-room cabin on San
Pablo avenue, between Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-sixth streets, was found dead to
night. Deceased had not been seen about
ais place for a week past and neighbors
:his evening notified the police that the
)ld man was either sick and needed care
or dead. Officers Swain and Braainan,
who were immediately detailed, found
Kane's body lying on an old dilapidated
lounge in the kitchen. He had been dead
it least five days.
Kane lived in a state of bestial squalor.
He was a confirmed miser and woman
nater. The story is told that many years
ago, when the sparkle of youth was vet
ii his eye. he loved, but the object of nls
lopes died, and since then he would shun
►very woman and would walk to the curb
to avoid setting eyes on the fair sex. His
characteristics as a miser were deep
rooted. He was often seen with sack in
Jand gathering bits of bread and victuals
aear the chophouses. and moat obtained
ostensibly for his dog served for his
nourishment. Yet he is said to have
boarded up gold which is supposed to be
lidden in or about tne cabin. Kane was a
nan of unusually tall stature. He was
iged over 72 years, and was a well known
iharacter.
Dredging Contract Signed.
OAKLAND, Xov. 10. — A conference was
held this morning between Mayor
Thomas and City Attorney Dow of the
Board of Public Works, Messrs. Johnson
& Peterson, contractors for the dredging
ji Lake Merritt, and Ira Bishop of the
Peralta Heights Improvement Club. The
conference was over certain features in
[he dredging contract preparatory to
Bigning that document. Everything
proved satisfactory, and late this after
tioon Contractor Johnson gave his bond
tn the sum of $38,000. Of this amount
110,000 is intended to protect the city and
28,000 as a surety for labor rendered.
To Move for Nonsuit.
OAKLAND. Nov. 10.— It was intimated
Ihis afternoon that Sam Bell McKee, at
nrney for defendant in the $50,000 damage
mit of Frank E. Booth against the Oak
end Consolidated Railway, now on retrial
n Judge Hall's court, will to-morrow
nove* for nonsuit. The cafee is being blt
*riy fought. The jury that tried tho case
previously pave a verdict for $12,000.
Coming Bench Show.
OAKLAND. Nov. 10.— The initial bench
(how of the newly organized Pacific Ken
jel League will be held In this city. De
rember 8, P, and 10. It will be in the nature
>f a special show of collies and cocker
ipaniels.
Benjamin Ingals Found Dead.
BERKELEY. Nov. 10.— Benjamin F.
jngals was found dead in his bedroom
3iis morning, having passed away some
3me during the night. The deceased
lame from Michigan two months ago to
•isit his brother, James Ingals of 84G Uni
'erslty avenue. He retired last night
suffering from the effects of a severe
:old and was lifeless when called at 6
•'clock this morning. The body has been
finoved to the Morgue, where Deputy
Joroner Streightiff will hold an inquest
o-morrow.
The funeral will be held in the afternoon
it 2:30 o'clock from 2139 Center street.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Nov. 10.— Mrs. Sarah Jane
Vlnter, aged 67 years, died this morning
It her home, 939 Addison street, West
Berkeley. The body is to be taken to
Pleasanton Hill, Oregon, for Interment.
Superintendent of Schools F. 11. Perham
sports that over $70 was collected from
he pupils of the Berkeley public schools
in Lafayette day, toward the Lafayette
aonument fund.
The Rev. H. Emwall, pastor of the
lhattuck-avenue Methodist Church, left
o-day. for Evanston, Illinois. His buc
eiwr In the pastorate ha» not yet been
bomn. ■ ....:..' ■?;-''
OAKLAND HAS
RETURNED TO
ITS BUSINESS
The Maguire Banner
Left After Dark.
MR. JONES IS STILL TALKING
SEEMS UNABLE TO READ THE
HANDWRITING.
"The New Democracy" Proves to Be
of a Kind That Drives tho
Votes Away From, the
Party.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 10.
The large banner that has decorated
Broadway near Tenth street for the past
two months was with steady and solemn
pull hauled Into the Union parties' head
quarters last night after dark and the
campaign was over.
It contained on both sides a fiery picture
of Maguire, a pathetic portrait of Mr.
Hutchison of Los Angeles and some sharp
features, beneath which was the legend
"J. Audrey Jones for Congress." It is
not likely that the banner will be used
again.
Very great dissatisfaction exists among
the so-called Fusionists. The Democrats
charge that the Fusionists did not vote
the ticket and the compliment is returned.
One of the chief reasons given for the de
feat of the Fusion ticket in this county is
that "the new Democracy" Is not of a
kind that appeals to the Alameda County
Democracy's Intelligence. The old-time
Democrats, who number about three to
on^ of the "new Democracy," declare that
the organ of this latter-day Democratic
anarchistic doctrine is responsible for the
apparently hopeless overthrow of the
party of Jefferson.
A general survey of AJameda County's
vote shows that on the average about I
likK) Fusionists voted the Republican tick
at — unless, which Is very probable, that !
number of the "Union party" has been >
converted to Republicanism during- the
campaign, which is perhaps the true solu
tion of the question.
Mr. J. Aubrey Jones is not satisfied with
his defeat, although Mr. Metcalf received
two votes for every one that was given to
J. Aubrey Jones. Mr. Jones says he is ;
not vanquished. Ove»- nis signature J.
Aubrey Jones thus insults two-thirds of i
the people of Alameda County: Money
cannot always dominate manhood, and
principle must inevitably subjugate pelf.
As the people of California by a majority
vote have seen rit to put the stamp of dis
approval upon a man who, "through long
years of public service." etc., etc., "has
proved his," etc., etc., "simply because his
opponent is called a Republican, it may
not be wondered at that a plain man of i
the common people like myself should
likewise go down to defeat In his first es- I
say against the combined powers of
wealth, partisanism and prejudice."
J. Aubrey Jones has been unheard of in
this county until a short time ago when
he sought the fusion nomination from this
Congressional district at a time when no !
one else could be prevailed upon to take
It. His tirade against Mr. Metcnlf Is not
sincere, for the day after his defeat Mr
Jones was asked for the cause and he
said:
"I have discovered that during the lat
ter part of my campaign reports were cir
culated that I once belonged to the A. P
A. I can now see that the Catholic vote
did not go for me."
HE LOVED BETTER
THAN HE LABORED
HEALEY'S COMPLAINT AGAINST
HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW.
Sent Him to Work on His Ranch, but
He Wooed the Housekeeper
Instead.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 10.— James Healey, a
refiner in the employ of the Pacific Coast
Oil Company at their works in this city,
thinks he is being badly used by his
brother-in-law, Jeremiah Cronin. The
matter is before the courts in a simple
suit for wages alleged to be due Cronin
from Healey, but behind the prosy verbi
age of the complaint is a story of ingrati
tude, according to the statements of
Healey.
The latter asserts that some months ago
he paid his brother-in-law's way from Ire
land to this country. When hia relative
from the old country reached here he sent
him to his ranch near Martinez, Contra
Costa County, agreeing to give him all he
could make off the proceeds of the farm.
Unfortunately for the peace and happi
ness of the Cronins and the HeaJeys, there
was a housekeeper at the Martinet ranch.
Cronin fell desperately in love with the
lady the first day he saw her. 'ihe sec
ond day of his reign at the ranch he pro
posed and the wedding was set for the
following evening. In his haste to secure
the marriage license Cronin took a short
cut to town and drove a team of horses
into a barbed-wire fence, injuring bom
animals so badly that they had to be
killed.
Cronin was such a devoted husband that
he spent most of his time telling his wife
how much he loved her. The potato crop
did not thrive, the pigs did not fatten and
the hens refused to lay under such man
agement. Brother-in-law Healey from
Alameda went to the ranch to investigate
the trouble. When he found that Cronin
thought more of love than labor he drove
him from the ranch.
To add insult to injury, Cronin thereupon
sued Healey for $420 alleged to be due for
wages in caring for the ranch.
Healey's attorney, R. B. Tappan, has
prepared an answer and cross-complaint,
in which his client denies the Cronin aebt
and sets up a claim for $d, the price of
the horses his brother-in-law killed in hia
haste to get a marriage license.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 10.— Pawnee Tribe,
Improved Order of Red Men, gave a
"smoker" this evening at its wigwam.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company has granted
the City of Alameda permission to use as
a temporary highway the approaches to
the old Alice-street bridge. Jt is stipu
lated that the city will not consider the
use of the land as giving it any title to
the property.
Frank Matcovich and Margueretta Tet
jens were married last night by Justice
Morris.
The Coroner's Jury in the case of Rob
ert Con way who died from injuries re
ceived by being thrown from a narrow
gauge train, returned a verdict that death
was due to concussion of the brain and
cerebral hemorrhage.
The Alameda High School football team
will play an eleven from the Lick School
next Saturday at Central Park, San Fran
cisco.
Mr. and Mrs. 11. HJul of 1120 Grand
street have returned from a trip to Ger
many, where they went to attend the
celebration of the golden wedding of Mr.
Hjul's parents.
Death of a Charitable Woman.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— A dispatch re
ceived here this morning announced the
death of Mrs. Joseph P. Dyer of 1257 Jack
son street, this city, which occurred last
nlgrht in Chicago. Deatn is attributed to
pneumonia. Mrs. Dyer, accompanied by
her daughter, left here three month? ago.
She was the widow of the late Joseph P.
Dyer, the capitalist, who was at one time
a very -prominent stock bro«ter of San
Francisco, and leaves five children. De
ceased was a member of the First Con
gregational Church here and was noted
for her charity.
How Dewey beat the British in
next Sunday's CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
MORINGA, WITH
DEVIN UP, WON
THE NAGLEE
Defeated a Selected
Crowd at 12 to I.
RUBICON RAN WITHOUT PLACE!
WHEEL OF FORTUNE DOWNED
UNFORTUNATE MOBELLITO.
Pig-gott and Butter Divided the Sad
dle Honors — The Favorites Were,
With One Exception,
Successful.
The unwatchful said Morlnga was out
classed, so the Sobrante gelding disap
proved of the theory by capturing tue
Naglee selling stake at seven furlongs and
valued at $IL'SO from quite a select field at
Oakland yesterday. On his back . was
Devln and 94 pounds, a weight nulte to
his taste, and his admirers obtained me
luxurious price of 10 and 12 to 1 about
him.
There was little connected with the
early stages of the race, unless It was
Ferguson's bad start, resulting In Rosin
ante being left standing. When well
away, Devin, on Moringa, stowed
himself away In the third hole, allowing
Rutter. with La Goleta, to kill off Rubi
con. The latter was a top-heavy choice,
and when the stretch was reached began
to falter. La Goleta then forged to the
front, but at the paddock was growing
dizzy. Devin then picked up the running,
and though hailed by Woods, with the
leg over Recreation, led that mare past
the wire less than a length In 1:26%, a re
markably good performance, as the track
had been harrowed up and was fully a
second slow. Satsuma was a starter, but
got a poor send-off.
The crowd was large, but a trifled la
bored in Its betting operations. The rid
ing talent continues rusty, and the bet
ting will not assume larger dimensions
until Turner, Spencer and and the bet
will not assume larger dimensions
Turner, Spencer and Martin arrive,
The favorites all attended the exercises
and four of the five were awarded diplo
mas for getting to the stand in front.
Piggott was given th« mount on Col.
Dan. backed down the smoldering favor
itism in the betting on the opening mile
selling affair, and his good riding landed
the purse. Prompto cut quite a swath
into the stretch and then fne weight an
chored him. Don Luis took up the run
ning, but in a hard drive was beaten a
good head by the Colonel. . Fleming once
again finished third at long odds.
Old Yemen was a sizzling hot 1 to 7
choice for the five and a half furlong
sprint, and it was not until the last fur
long that he put a stretch of daylight
between himself and the Reid. He then
won by over two lengths. In a fumbling
drive Gus Wilson, with Etta H, captured
the place from Peixotto.
The handicap over one mile and a quar
ter fell to Wheel of Fortune simply be
cause Garrigan made such a frightful
botch of it astride MorelTito. Harvey's
mare closed a slight favorite over the
colt. Whllo Shasta Water was in the
lead cutting out the pace Garrigan, on
Morellito, was busy finding pockets. At
the head of the stretch Rutter, oh the
Wheel, drew his whip and sneaked away.
Garrigan was so surprised that he ex
tricated himself from an unpleasant pre
dicament only to find himself next the
rail, and got to the wire just a length be
• hind the favorite. H.e has much to learn.
Shasta Water was third.
i Piggott and Rutter again clashed In the
' mile and seventy yards run, last on the
1 card. The former was away in front
with the 8 to 1 chance, Benamela, and led
! to the paddock gate, where he was chal
lenged by Piggott, on Mistral 11, and in a
furious drive downed by a head. The
winner was equal choice in the betting
with Bernardino, which ran third.
Turf Notes.
Seventeen books cut in yesterday.
Riley Grannan and Barney Schreiber
were the new faces seen on the block.
Barney started off with a losing day,
but there's an old saying "that a bad
beginning results in a good ending."
Frank Taylor met with his usual
streak of ill-luck when Yemen took the
second evpnt. The aged gelding was en
tered to be sold for $S(X), and was "boost
ed" $250 over this price by Ed Corrigan.
It appears that the erstwhile Master of
Hawthorne has a bone to pick with Sara
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, Nov. 10, 1898.— Tenth day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMEB B. FERGUSON. Starter.
ICO FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $SSO.
Index.. Horse,
We,-ht.
Vim.
4m.
%m.
Str.
182
156
178
1:3
ipl Dan :
Luis :
Ing j
4
5
2
3
1
6
4 14
2 4
8 4
11
4 h .
8 4
I*
1%
4 2
2 4
3 h
5
1%
8 4
6
4 2
1 h
2 1
3 4
4 2
5
aL'.'.Y.
6-2 2
5-2 6-2
CO 40
6 8
2 2
les :
pto :
Time. 1:43. Winner. Burns A Waterhouse's eh. o. by Balvator-Fleurette, Good start.
Won first three driving.
Flandes was best, but rider lacked sense. Too far for Prompto with the weight.
Fleming was cut down slightly.
|OQ SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; all ages; purse. $400.
Index. Home. Age. Weight.
4m.
\m.
Str.
(177) Yemen, a
162 Etta H. 4
63 Pelxotto, 6
148 Mollle A, a
... None Such, 8
(177) Yemen, a 11» 4 ... 3h li 12 124 Rutter 1-6 1-7
162 Etta H. 4 112 i ... 8 2 3 6 2h 2%, G. Wilson.... 6 IS
63 Pelxotto. 6 112 8 ... lh 2h 84 26 Powell 4 7
148 Mollle A, a 112 6 ... 44 46 46 46 Monahan 100 200
... None Such. 3 107 1 ... 6 6 6 6 Bennett 60 200
Time, 1:0*. Winner, F. M. Taylor's eh. g. by Alann-Hlra. Good start. Won easing up.
Second and third driving.
Yemen did not have his usual package of speed. Etta H bor« tn on Pelxotto through
■tretch.
4
I
3
6
1
2 h
H
lh
4 4
g
It
3 5
2 h
46
I
1 2
2 h
8 4
4 8
6
1 2V4
2\
i 6
4 6
6
50n ....
.n
IQA THIRD RACE-
Ii/U» Stakes; value.
upward; the Naglee Selling
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m. Km.
Str.
150 Morlnga, 3 94 « 4h 23 8 4 31 1%, Devin 5 10
166 Recreation. 8 97 2 61 «H 46 46 2h J Woods. . 6 8
166 La Goleta, 3 103 4 21 2 2*28 31 33 Rutter 4 5
(171) Rubicon, a log « 14 lh lh lh 48 Plggott 7-6 9-10
(176) Cromwell. 6.., 105 1 8h 62 51 62 63 Garrlgan S 12
177 Highland Ball, 3.. ..101 5 610 615 620 615 610 Evernon 20 60
... Satsuma, 6 113 7 7 7 7 7 7 J. Relff 8 20
151 Roslnante, 4 109 * ... ... ... ... ... |Holmes , 5 10
•Loft.
Time. 1:2614. Winner, J. Con way* a b. g. by Bobrante-Loma_ Poor start. Won first three
driving-.
La Goleta killed off Rubicon as well as herself. Latter Is a crackajack In cheaper com-
pany. If Woods had been busy first part Recreation might have won. Koalnante waa
well played.
6
2
4
c
l
5
7
•
4 h
6 1
2 1
1 4
8 h
6 10
7
2 8
4 4
U*
' 6 2
6 15
7
84
4 5
2 8
1 h
6 1 ,
6 20
7
t 1
4 X
2 1
1 h
( 2
6 15
7
1%
2 h
3 3
4 8
5 3
6 10
7
ds.
.n
8 10
6 8
4 5
7-6 &-10
5 12
20 60
8 20
5 10
i
t
IQI FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap: three- year-olds and upward*
I £r I • purse, $600.
Index. Home. Age. Weight.
Std.
Mm. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
176 Wheel of Fortune, 6.
ITS Morelllto. S
176 Shasta Water. 4....
... Charlie Relf, 4
176 Wheel of Fortune. 6.112, 2 31 314 3 h 3 4 2 2 11 Rutter .... 8-6 7-5
176 Morellito. S 106 j 4 4 4 4 4 35 23 Garrlgan' 18-5
178 Shasta Water. 4.... 93! 3 H 214 2 4 14 lh 315 J Woods 4 13-5
... Charlie Relf, 4 85 1 1% In lh 2 1 4 4 Houck 60 100
I 4
il
3 1
4
2 M
1 V.
3 14
4
2 14
1 h
3 h
4
2 4
1 h
24
li 4
t 2
8 5
1 h
4
•1 1
2 3
3 15
4
m
1 r.
ids
Time, 2:09. Winner. J. Harvey's eh. m. by Gano- Jennie B. Good start. Won first throe
driving.
Morelllto was pounds the best, but Garrlgan needs a battery. Bhaata Water galloped for
a mile. The race was no account.
|QO FIFTH
; purs*.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Mistral 11, 4..
mela. 6 :
irdlllo. 4 3
nne, 4 V...
jlenn, a........
Girl. 4..
4 I
1 2
8 h
7 h
8
6 n
a 6 8
' • " ? i ??« 2 ! Xh • Pl «ott ....... 8 11-5
! 11 11H 12 214 Rimer ........ 8 8
1 ? £ 51 * 8548 54 824 Woods 7-5 11-5
• .'H 7 4 6 1 4 2 J. Reift....... 4,4
I „ «% 7 52. Everson ...... 6 9
1 54■ #2 6% 6 4 Devln 20 25
I « IV4 6 4 4 8 .7.10 McCarthy .... 100 300
* 2 1 8 8 8 Houck 60 100
3 22
14 1 2
It 8 4
4 6 1
tt 7
'«■ 6 4
4 48
8
1 h
2 14
8 24
4 2
6 2
6 4
7 10
8
11 .......
: ........
1
■iff.......
3tl ......
./c
S
, 6
■thy ....
Time, 1:464. \
•tart, won first 1
Benamela was
Red Glenn U gooi
Broa." eh. h. by Florentine-Imp. Close th» Door. Good
1. but outran himself. Bernardino wanned up poorly.
t manage him. Persona* In same fix.
. ■ . ■■..-. . ■ — 7 =■■■-.--
Hildreth and suppooed that Yemen was
still the property of that turfman. Tay
lor says he purchased the horse outright
and holds a Dill of sale for same. If this
la so it would look as if Mr. Corrigan had
started In the season here with the left
foot first.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman had a
fairly good day of it. He wiped his
glasses twice when he saw 12 to 1 chalked
against Moringa. and sent his man to
get some of It. He was a good winner to
the race.
It would appear that owners have for
gotten that Jockey Beauchamp is here.
He is a modest, unassuming little fellow,
many pounds better than some of the
dullards that have been giving exhibi
tions in the saddle of late, and thor
oughly honest. He was one of the best
riders on the Chicago tracks, and can do
102 pounds.
Ed Lanlgan thought a coast record
would have to go to beat his horse Rubi
con, and backed his idea with a good big
chunk of coin. "Rube" likes to travel all
by himself, and when he could not shake
off La Goleta handed it over.
If starter Jim Ferguson should ever
! seek laurels In the roped arena he will
not have to look far for a match. Eddie
Graney brought a party of friends over
to the races yesterday, among them Chief
Sullivan of the Fire Department, and
they all g<5T the "whisper" to put it down
on Coffey's mare Rosinante to win the
stake. When Eddie saw the field sent
away with Rosinante left at the post, he
excitedly asked Ferguson's weight and
then rushed down to the printing office
under the trainers' stand looking for a
punching bag. Nor Is Ferguson ever like
ly to be elected an honorary member of
the San Francisco Fire Department.
J. A. Murphy, .T. J. Carter and Charles
F. Price of the Board of Stewards of the
California Jockey Club convened In the
rooms of the club last evening. George
Miller and Edward Blazer, lessees of the
horse San Mateo. whose performances at
Oakland did not suit the officials, wore
suspended for sixty days, and P. Sulli
van^ who rode the sprinter in his two
races, was indefinitely suspended. Mike
Hennessy, the jockey, was ordered sus
pended until November 28. for appearing
at the track in an unfit condition to ride.
The past ruling in the cases of James
Long, Sandy McNaughton, Jockeys
Glenn, Enos, Nichols and Trainer Charles
Murray were reaffirmed.
The weights assignpd in the high
weight handicap, six furlongs, to be decid
ed to-morrow, are as follows; Yemen 148 '
Highland Ball 130, Torsida 126 Rosor
monde 120. Captive 120. Etta H 120, Judge.
Stouffer 115, Horton 112, Headwater 110
Pat Murphy 110, Prompto 110, Juanlta 110,
Mollie A Irt4. Limewater 104, Magdalenas
104, Elizabeth R 92. Winners to-day to
take up five pounds penalty.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Six furlongs; selling; maiden
three-year-olds.
163 Pelxotto II 114; 186 Inverary H 109
fS2 Majesty 109! 177 Defiant 109
IS3 Zem Zem M 9 ; 183 Azaliah 114
153 Pongo 112 i 171 Durward 114
153 Stan Powers 109 1
Second race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; spiling.
... Alicia 109! 158 O'Fleta 109
182 Kaiser Ludwlg..ll2i ... Joe Cotton 109
IR3 Little Sister 104 96 Outgo 109
172 Fig Leaf 104 ... Sierra Blanco. ...lOi
172 Defender 1091 ... Lou Stevens 107
Third race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
old maidens.
164 Rear Admiral... 109 | 184 Peter Weber 101
...81ml 106 ' 164 Lothian 103
175 Don't Tell 106 184 Glengaber 112
175 Anchored 109 176 Stone L 104
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-rear-olds and up; selling.
168 Kruna 94! 141 Marplot 101
... Our Climate 104 170 Tenrlca 85
ISS Rose Maid 85 i
Fifth race — Futurity course; Belling; three
year-otfa and up.
(isn)Juanlta I"9' IS" Ed dartland 11.. 99
...Captive 112 n&7)Chthuahua 104
IR7 Sp'rt MoAllls'tr.lo7 1 187 P F 104
O72)Amasa MM I 187 Rnadwarmer ....104
186 Soscol 104 177 Judge Btouffer. .109
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First — Inverary 11, Stan Powers, Dur
ward.
t: . Second race — Defender. Jo« Cotton. Fig Leaf.
Third race — Anchored, Lothian. Glengaber.
Fourth race — Marplot, Our Climate, Knma.
Fifth race — Ed Gartland, Sport McAllister,
Chihuahua.
HOODOO HEADQUARTERS.
Grim Fate That Pursued the Panrott
Building Candidates.
There was a mournful congregation of
defeated candidates in the Parrott build
ing yesterday, and not one but felt he was
under a political banshee. "If I ever run
for a public offlc again." remarked one of
the unfortunates, "I will have my private
office In some other building than this.
There Is a hoodoo on the whole outfit."
"Amen," quoth the rest.
Two ye-ars ago the spell of 111 luck at
tached to the structure was recognized,
but it was soon forgotten. On that occa
sion hardly a candidate running for office
from there was successful. This year it
was a Waterloo for even' candidate under
its roof. The list of unfortunates and the
record of blighted hopes is long.
Up near the roof, in the Supreme Court,
is Justice Van Fleet, who will retire as
soon as his term of office is finished. He
hoped to succeed himself.
On the same floor is T. H. "Ward, clerk
of the Supreme Court. He aspired to be re
turned, but was turned down by the con
vention at Sacramento, G. W. Root get
ting the nomination and winning in the
great fight. T. W. H. Shanahan, nomi
nee for Governor of the Populist party,
met defeat before he had a start In the
race, the Supreme Court knocking out his
nomination by refusing to compel the Sec
retary of State to place the name of
Shanahan on the ballots. Two years ago
George W. Monteith ran for Congress, but
never got there. This year he went before
the convention and the ruling powers
turned their thumbs toward the ground
when his plea was made. Another to meet
with defeat was Arthur North, very re
cently bailiff of the Supreme Court. He
went from the Parrott building to Tolo
County, where he ran for District Attor
ney. The hoodoo followed him even into
the country. Two years ago A. Bernard,
whose office was in this building, ran for
City and County Attorney. The spell was
on him as well as the others.
In the same year the banner of Husro
Asher "For Congress" was hung out of
the window. He never got there. At the
same time A. J. Fritz ran for Justice of
the Peace, but he was up against 1t and
did not know it until too late. TMs year
he moved from the abode of the/t>olitical
bogie man Just before the election, but
the hoodoo followed him. John. Bi
Carson was ignorant of the political hoo
doo and struck out for the superior bench.
He did not reach there and now he Is
cursing his bad luck. Leonard Stone, also
for Justice of the Peace-, made a slip-up
from the Parrott building. He, too, lays
the blame for his defeat on his hoodoo
surroundings. Another aspirant for Jus
tice of the P«ace was W. G. Burke, who
for a lone tiAe has been In the office of
Sullivan & Sullivan. Burke found himself
in the political soup when the votes were
counted. William Craig, another occu
pant, aspired to have the title of "Hon."
in front of his name and he worked hard
to defeat Conogressman Eugene F. Loud
In the Fifth Congressional District. The
combination of Loud and hoodoo were too
many fox him and he will not warm a
chair in Congress* this time.
Of course there are exceptions to all
rules and in this building there were two.
Justice McFarland was elected to succeed
himself and D. J. Murphy won out in his
fight for District Attorney against the
alien from Mexico. Probably the worst
hit of the lot was the People's party,
which took up its headquarters on the
fifth floor. The hoodoo did not do a thing
to its candidates. The uncanny shad<=> is
apparently taking a rest for two years.
A Big Steam Scare.
There was considerable excitement oc
casioned at the City Building yesterday
morning by the escape of steam from a
heating pipe which was being repaired.
Dense clouds of vapor filled the Regis
trar's rooms and escaped through the
corridors to the McAllister-street en
trance. The trouble was soon remedied
and the counting of the ballots proceeded
as usual.
Charles Hollo Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
i HOTEL.
iKci Chong; Ye, Korea
ID E Ryland. Denver
ij Crane Jr, Boston
Mary Crane, Boston
E Edwards. England
I) W Deshler. Korea
N Nlshumura, Japan
A Nishumura, Japan
R E Bnehm, England
E C Boehm, England
Miss Afong, Honolulu
A C Bryer. Formosa
J R Ryland, S Jose
I Mrs Ball & d. Belmont
!A Blngham. Marysville
IT Flint Jr, 8 Juan
IE H Banker. Chicago
A W Greely, USA
lO G Gage, Sacto
HOTEL.
PALACE
H Kaufman, N T I
Mrs Martin, Minn
L Blackman, S Diego i
Mrs Blackman. S Dieg
F W Teeple, Chicago
Mrs Dickson, Portland
Miss Bnrtley, St Louis
Miss Mansfield, Irel'd
Miss M Mansfield. Ir lrl
P O'Keilly, Portland
C D Stevens. Boston
Mrs Humphreys. H I
Miss Young, Honolulu
J B Banning, L Ang
w a Harper, N T
E W Harding. Chicago!
J Knrmera, Japan
T I'no, Japan
J Matsumoto, Japan I
GRAND
M W Williamson. Sac ,G Lingo. Birds Lndg
D J Parmlee, Vacavlle a H Anderson & w.
J C Leopold & w. Sac San Jose
H B Itodgers, Watsonv Miss Anderson. S Jose
W Neumann. Gllroy F A Clark. Chgo
I II Oortobree, St Hlna E C Smith. Pac Grove
J Ulalr, Sacto R W i.'anton, Puehlo
C A Palm. Sacto W C Waters, Spreckels
R Bacon. Stockton A W Stuart. < ourtland
D J Paunch. Cal A frajnp, Courtland
C X Place, Pa W M Lanphrey. Hacto
Mis* M C UUI, Oaklnd J Luther, San Jose
J M Finn, Boston J X Pogue. St L«uis
G Tompkinp, Ft Jones J H Mitchell .? w Cal
W T Foster&w. Frpfn" M J. Gibson & w, Cal
Miss H H Gardner, G Curthey&w St Helna
West Act' m P L Deweese. Mo
R H Weatherly. Mo C Moore. Freeport
A H Halnrs & w. Cal S Relnhart. L Ang
J F Clapp. S Andreas w D Buc-kley. Stktn
A J Osborn. Stockton E J Musto, Stktn
Mrs T W HeintzWman. J Tully & d. Stktn
Sacramento C vein Deiten&w. Stktn
B Sweet, Milwaukee I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C Walker, Fresno W Clarke. U S N
Ed Wolf, Sacto F Roberts. Salt Lake
F A Lyon, Sacto A Hickman, N V
J Ginsberg, Sacto H Somerman. Boston
Miss Gillon, Vallejo L Rodger3, Cal
B H Bmlth, USA F Arnold, Salinas
H Barrows, St Paul W Kramer, Sacto
R Olliver. Stent J E Leires, Petaluma
J Selderling. AlameflalW Lesser, N V
C Gamage, NY C Towosky, Boston *
B Oarnet. NY J Stanton & w, X V
I Fitzgerald. Chicago S C Stanton. N V
W Watson, Chicago B Browning & w. N V
W Rice, Seattle R A Parker. Maine
G Gnman, w & d, Pa J C Dawson Maine
N La Verne. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M OreiK, Sutpun M Rlel & w, Seattle
F Campbell. Fresno T R Arbuckle & w ,Cal
V Krauser, Tocaloma W O' Gorman, Portland
H Kronke, San Jose Mrs Smith. Portland
J Fentlno New York J M Howard, Woodlad
B Constantino, NY S Gould. Seattle
F Coptla. Chicago J Anetey, Astoria
F Melle, Boston Mrs A Anstey, Astoria
C Wallace. Vlsalia |Miss Anstey. Astoria
J M Tullernell. Stocktn i L R Jenkins, Ogdn
J Allen & w, Riverside
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Nov. 10.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralclch, 90 hours from Na-
naimo.
Srhr Archie and Fontte, Johannsen. 12 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, from Coos Bay.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 10— Strar Maas
dam, from Now York.
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Spaamdam, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov 10— Stmr Cunc, for
New York; stmr Rhynland, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Edam, for
Amsterdam.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Werra, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 10— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Switzer
land. from Philadelphia.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery ~NoT~iT~k! !^~~
T., Masonic Temple, Poet and Mont- < {Sj IK
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS Pi
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Uf
Order of the Temple. All raters are »
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- "W*
DAY) EVENING. November JL at 8 A
o'clock. D. 4. /A
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. K&»
COUNCIL Chamber of Winnemucca <«»rfWW.
Tribe No. 61, Improved Order of jBvs«^
Red Men— Chiefs and brothers, you w^ Air
are invited to attend our council of November
11 and witness the adoption and conferring
of degrees upon twenty palefaces. Frater-
nally In F. F. & C.
H. L. STACEY, c^^^LE. Sachem.
THE California Debris Commission having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E P
Thomas, in the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placerville. El. Dorado v County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim, in Gold Lake mining district Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, In the Morristown mine,' near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, in the Myers placer
mine, near Placervllle, El Dorado County
to deposit tailings In Johnson's North Can-
yon: and from Frank and Antone Leveronl
In the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in old pits gives
69. Flood building, San Francisco. Cal., on
November 28. 189 S. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Call-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, 1898, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action !of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday. November 10. IS9B. at 3 o'clock
P. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
tion will be held ;at the Chamber of Com-
merce, 431 California St.. San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY. November 16. 1838, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
MAKERS' CORPORATION,' Per W. J.
HOTCHKISB. Secretary and Manager.
1100,600 to loan on diamonds and sealskins: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant *V». .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BOYS* home. 417 Harrison, free evening school;
board and room, $2 50 per week.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made:
£A y , Or countl "y. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery «t.. room 6; tel. 6680.
DR MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fall* or no tte; free diagnosis. 100 Halght st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, U up;
painting done H*rtmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND XOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutohinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday. November 21, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 15, 189S, at
3 o clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITL'ATIoas WASTKD-FEMALK.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse; $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter at.
NEAT German second girl desires situation at
housework; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
REFINED woman with a little girl desires sit-
uation; best reference; city or country; good
cook. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work; per-
fect fit guaranteed. Apply MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German nurse desires situation;
3 years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
tPr st.
GOVERNESS wishes to go to Guatemala; good
dressmaker; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT German and French nurse de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation:
best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN 325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl desires situation at second work or
as nurse; $15. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
THREE Scandinavian girls desire situations
to do cooking and housework; best of refer-
ences. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Sutter st.
MIDI<LE-AGED woman, good cook and not
afraid of work, willing and obliging, would
like a situation In city or country. Address
Seattle House, 106^4 Third «t.
WOMAN bookkeeper, with some knowledge of
typewriting and stenography, desires office
work; writes plain hand. Address box 1553,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will go out by the
day: ladles' suits a specialty; no children's
work; veither San Francisco or Oakland. 526
Eighth St., Oakland.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper In
family by competent, reliable woman; coun-
try or city. Box 1554, Call office.
COMPETENT woman, late from the East, de-
sires position as dressmaker's assistant. Ad-
dress box 1534. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
915 Minna St., off Tenth.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook In
private family; best city reference; wages $35.
Box 1544, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman by the day; house-
cleaning or any kind of work. Please call at
254 Natoma st.
YOUNG woman Just from Ireland desires a po-
sition as assistant in general housework. 2766
Harrison" st.
GIRL would like position as cook In private
family; city or country. Call or address 1225
York st.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation; city or coun-
try; $8 or $10; small family. 216 Minna st.
WANTED— Care of Invalid by a hospital nurse;
city references. Box 1548, Call office.
WANTED— A place as working housekeeper
by a first-class woman. 445 First St.
POSITION wanted as nurse In sanitarium, hos-
pital or otherwise. Address box 1533, Call.
RESPECTABLE English woman wishes posi-
tion to do general housework; good cook;
best of references. 741 Minna Ft.
YOUNG lady wishes a position to do light
housework; wages »I£. Call store, 1517 Turk
st., between 11 and 4 o'clock.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or cleaning. 318 Minna st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$18 to $20. 65 Colton St., off Brady, bet. Mar-
ket and Mission.
COMPETENT woman wants to do housework;
good plain cook. 116 Lily aye., bet. Gough
and Octavla sts.
WANTED — By competent German nurse, nurs-
ing; best references. Address Nurse, box 6.
Call office.
$100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
REFINED mldtlle-ae-ed German lady wants
situation as working housekeeper or In small
family. Address 259 Stevenson St., between
Third and Fourth, near Market.
LADY wishes a position as housekeeper or
■would work in a nice private family; is a
first-class cook. Call or address 443 McAl-
lister Ft., room 29.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a position In
a good Protestant family as seamstress and
assist with large children; references. Box
1566. Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework; is good plain cook. HOOVi Stev-
enson St., near Twelfth.
YOUNG German girl wirhes situation as «ec-
nnd girl. Tnll 504 Gough st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation.
Please address 1204 Mission st.
WANTED— Position by experienced infant's
nurse; city reference. Call 12fil Hayes st.
YOUNG lady living with parent wishes a situ-
ation In store. Box 1567, Call.
I WISH a situation as housekeeper or care of
invalid; can give good city recommendations.
Plea.ie call 440 Third St.
GERMAN lady desires position as cook. Ad-
dress box 1569, Call office.
REFINED woman wants position as children's
nurse; first-class seamstress. Address A. 8.,
Call branch office, 615 Larkin st.
GIRL wants position as cashier In a restaur-
ant. Call at 511 Hyde st.
SITUATIONS WA.NTKU-.iiALK.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tei. Grant 6«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office*
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tei. Kfcj-t 416.
YOUNG Dane wishes situation as coachman;
understands good care of horses and garden;
first-class references. Address box 1547, Call.
YOUNG man wants work for board; good ad-
dress; beet references. Box 1646, Call office.
STRONG boy wishes position of any kind; re-
sides with parents. Address box 1546, Call.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
ttrtctest privacy. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant aye.
WANTED— By a sober, industrious young man,
a position to drive a delivery wagon; is well
acquainted with t..e city and is good driver"
best references. Address box 1570, Call office.
YOUNG man, understanding grocery and liquor
business, desires a position; can do any kind
of work in a grocery store. Address box 1002
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man who has
had a tea and coffee route in this city as
driver of delivery wagon for a grocery store
Address box 1564. Call office.
STEADY man wants work; chores about house;
generally useful; used to tools; handy at
anything; references; $6 month and board
Address box 1560. Call office.
ADVERTISER will give~s2o to any one secur-
lng employment for steady, sober, mlddle-
aged man; bona fide. Box 1910. Call office.
MEAT cutter, young man. 7 years' experience,
active and neat, Al references, wants steady
position. L. X.. 455 Ninth St., Oakland.
BUTCHER wishes situation: also hotel and re-
taurant; can give references. Box 1561. Call.
STEADY and reliable young nnan as driver for
delivery: well acquainted with city; experi-
enced grocery clerk; city reference. F. U
CLARK. 321 Ellis St.
BY young man; understands horses, cowe and
garden; reference; state the wages. J. A.
MACDONALD. San Leandro, Cal.
YOUNG man wants position In general mer-
chandise store in country or mining camp;
experience and reference. Box 1061, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 4« Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free but
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE
THREE Becond girls and sewing, $20 and $25;
3 cooks $25 and $30; cook, small boarding
house, $25; girls for housework, S*n Mateo,
$25; Mountain View, $25; San Jose. *25; Ala-
meda, $20; Mill Valley. $25, and a large num-
ber of girls to fill city situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 31S Sutter St.
WAITRESS, small boarding house, $20; res-
taurant waitress. $25: and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
5 WAITRESSES, city and country $20. $22 50
and $25; 4 restaurant waitresses, $6; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid, $15; 2
cooks, $25; 2 Swedish houseglrls, $26; 5 girls
for housework, $20 and $25, and 25 young girls
for city and country, $15, $SO, $25; German or
French second girl. $16. nice place. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary «.
HOTKL cook, $40; family cook. $50. C B.
HANSBN & CO., 104 Gearyet.
HELP WASTED— Continued.
LAUNDRESS, $25; 2 second girU, $25 and $15.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $15. MISS
CULLEN. 326 Sutter at.
NURSE, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, $35; second girl. $25; 12 housework girls,
city antl country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
RANCH cook, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut-
ter at.
"RANCH cook. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. .
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, city, $12.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED working housekeeper. $20. MISB
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, sleep home, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Suttef st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Winters, $20; Alameda, $20;
Pinole, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
HOUSEWORK girl, San Rafael. $25; Bollnas,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, plain hotel, $25; waitress, first-
class country hotel. $20; 2 waitresses, same
country hotel. $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking; German or Swedish preferred. Ap-
ply mornings, 2123 Pine st,. near Webster.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged lady to manage
home and be companion ; references given and
required. Box 1549, Call office.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. M. J. KELLER _ CO., 1106-1109
Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— At once; lady and gent; pleasant
work; good wages; experience not necessary.
136 Sixth St.. room 2.
YOUNG German girl for light housework and
care of children; $12 a month. 101S Folsom st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; small
family; German preferred. :2-U ! i Butter st.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
st., near Hyde.
WANTED— GirI in Alameda; to milk and
housework. 905 Eagle aye., corner Wood.
STRONG middle-aged woman to assist in house-
work; wages $10. 3021 Van Ness aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' coats wanted.
Jll4 Polk st.
VENTED— GirI for chamberwork; sleep home;
$12. Portland House. 969 Mission st.
GIRL for light housework; plain cooking;
wages $15. $44 Halght st.
WANTED— A finisher on custom coats. 6S4A
Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. 40* Sut-
ter st.
GIRL for light housework, $10. 710 Cole St..
near Chutes.
$100,000 to loan; low interest; private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED waitress; none but experi-
enced need apply. 20 Third St., cor. Stevenson.
CATHOLIC girl wanted; must be a good cook.
Apply at 852 Grove st. between 1 and 4 p. m.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
GERMAN girl for general housework; no chil-
dren; wages $12 to $15. 1512 Devisadero st.
OPERATOR and finisher on pants. 409 Four-
teenth St., Oakland.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont st.
LEARN sewing at KEIBTER S: good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
TEAMSTERS, coast road free far*
Laborers for mountain railroad, two-thirds
fare free, ship to-night
Ship this morning for Skaguay. fare $16
20 laborers and woodsmen lor a sawmill com-
pany, $26 to $35 and board; part fare ad-
vanced
3 farmers, same ranch, $20: milker. $25
Experienced Frenchman to bottle and case
wine. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG active man who is acquainted with
the streets to drive a milk wason, $35 and
found; neat young man. to drive a delivery
wagon, $25 and found; office boy, doctor's
office. $15 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
2 OFFICE boys who know the city. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK and wife, $70; restaurant butcher. $40;
waiter who can do a little short-order cook-
ing, $30, country hotel ; waiters, $6 and $7 a
week; German night waiter, $9 a week;
French cook, private family; butler. C. A.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
2 LAUNDRYMEN; country hotel: $70 and
found. C. ft. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary Et.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Tel. Main 5848— Want to-day— Phone Main 5848
2 men and wives. f). for ranches
12 laborers for a great sawmill; 6 laborers and
teamsters, city Jobs, $1 75 per day; 15 wood-
choppers, $2 50 to $1 cord; 93 tie matters. So,
Jc and lie each; 3 choreboys for ranches, $10
and $8 and found; blacksmith for a ranch; 5
farm hands, different places; packer, shingle
mill, see boss here; 2 carpenters, country,
steady Job. J2 50 day; 6 Italian laborers, $i.'6
and found ; young man, city grocery store,
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
S COOKS. $60. $35. $40 and $26 and found; 7
waiters, $25 and $20 and found; 3 dishwashers,
$20 and $15 and found; elevator boy, also hall
boy, $10; boy for butcher store, city. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WAITER, city restaurant, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Fryer, $40; second baker, $40; Ger-
man second cook, $25 and found; tamale
maker, $25 and found; waiter, $20 and found;
waiter, $8 week; restaurant porter; dish-
washers, bellboys, etc. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith helper, $1 60 Say; $
men to clear land; 5 laborers for mill and
woods, $2G and board; 6 coal miners, $1 ton;
Swiss milker, $35 and found; teamsters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man for Indoor work and
run errands, $26; Janitor for halls, German,
$30; waiter, chop house, $85; waiter, small
coffee house, $6 a week: waiter, plain hotel,
' $25 to $30; cook for party in mines. $30;
butcher, restaurant. $40; waiter, small coun-
try place, fare advanced, $20; farmer, small
place, $15' young man to wash dishes and
run errands, $16; apprentice for laundry, $16,
etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
FIRST and second cook. $70, for country hotel;
man and wife or 2 men- HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. l_
MAN to do housework and go errands. $26 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
STEADY barber for Saturday and Sunday. 604
Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell st. ,
CABINET waker wanted. BRAAS & WIT-
TENBURG. 213 Mlsßlon Bt.
WANTED — Lunch waiter, 250 and meal. 651
Fourth st. __________________
WANTED— First-class butcher. 192 Hayes et.
WANTED— First-class butler with city refer-
ences. Address box 1563, Call office.
PLUMBER"^ helper wanted at 678 Geary st.
YOUNG man dishwasher wanted at ISOS Halght
street. |
GOOD vegetable man wanted. 134 Third st.
TWO good waiters at Golden West Hotel.
WAGON blacksmith wanted. 537 Brannan St.
WANTED— Barber with 1 or 2 years' experi-
ence. 1661 W Mission st.
BOY wanted. 1189 Oak st.
BOY wanted for dry goods store. 1221 Stock-
ton st.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 241
Sutter st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt. : 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; » to 13 per week.
AN energetic, sober aad steady tailor with
small capital as partner In one of the best
country towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD A
CO.. 116 Sutter st.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant aye.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush st., third floor, room 4.
FIRST-CLASS operators, pressers and tailors
on custom coats. 106 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS ccatmaker to work inside.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market »t.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 35c to $1.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 1844. Call office.
WANTED — Harness makers and stitcher*.
Lei bo Id Harness Co.. 211 Larkln st.
COAL minors wanted. Tesia Coal Company,
BSS Montgomery it., San Franelao*KELP WASTED- Conttnncd.
WANTED— At Montana. House. l i Mission
Bt., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; fiflc. 90c ar.a 51 per week.
TRY L!ndell House. .Sixth & toward sts. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; l. 7 .c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 13c. 20c. 25c per nicht; 750j $1
to.fS M per \vk. Elcho House. 863 Vi Marker st.
BAR!. Progressive Union; fre" tnploy-
m't. 11. Bernard, Sec, 104.7 th; tel. Jessie H6».
HEN'S fine calf shoes to order. J2 50: ratn's
suleins, "sc: only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBEHS 1 Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCIIS, Sec. 325 Grant aye: tel. Grant 136.
MEN and woman to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 12&u Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wupres due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
SAILORS an 1 ordinary nenmcn wanted at I
LANE'S, 004 Davis ft., ngftr Jackson. . I
SINGLE, furnished. ftr.<-. larg-p. sunny nnd airy *
room. 25c night." RosoJale House. 121 Ellis et.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,-
for a room: 2:.c a nixM; SI a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seaman, carpenters; coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN' S>! 2« ■":'___ !
WINCHESTEr7houp«. 44*Th!rd £t.. near Mar- .
ket; 100 rooms, 25c night; readinjr-room; I ree '
'bus and baggage to rv. 1 f" ''•> *'■•* ■■'"•- •
. AGENTS WANTED. ■'■*l>'": -" l/V^
AGENTS for omly official "History of Our WaT
With Spain— Causes. Inc'.cpnts and Results. •
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, j
. engravings. By Hon. Hen B. Ku.-s»ll. Sen ,
Prcctor (Vt.) and S<?n. Thurston \ Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 m< re agent*
wanted. We pay freight, (rive cred t. " r ' t0
for terms p.nd territory to sole publishers. .
WORTHINCTV - & CO.. Hartford, i.mn. !
LIVE, energetic agents to handle cod Fpp^Jal-
ty; Juut in. Greater West Advertising A Nov- 1
»lty Co.. vi.w, Wellington st.. O-ikland.
XV ANTED— MISC I : LLAXE O V 1 -.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mule lantern appa- j
ratus: »cond-hand 10? ar^r.tg^rr-.prv st -
_O JL) 1. 1 .\ UUU for saus.
H. C. DECKEIC~~ Tr
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
13 rooms on Market; rent $-10 $ «0 1
65-room house; cost $SKO; only 3&0 0 j
14- room house; transient *'•",!
64-room house; clears $300 I* I *' i
10-room house: only lß °
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 obi) '
4«-room house; corner i 2i 20 *
14 rooms; clears $100 6 :° !
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 750 1
22 rooms near City Hall & Ou I
60 rooms; clears $100; only <o0 |
10 rooms; all rented: business street 3.v
100 rooms; comer; best c.n earth COOo
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER. '
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
DECKER'S best bargain Is a 45 rooming and j
boarding house; all in payments; see him at I
office, 1020 Market st. ' |
$300 WILL buy a 16-room house, clears $50 ,
per months. DECKER, 1030 Market it.
$400— SUNNY comer, 15 rooms; worth $1000. j
a»r sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ROAD house; best in the State. KER,
1020 Market st. I
A— KREDO &CO 7 22H Geary St. 1
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms; Eddy St.; well furnished and
central: look at this $550 j
11 rooms; O'Farrell St.; cost $1500; must
" sell on. account of departure 650
12 rooms; McAllister st. ; rent $40; always
full; Will clear ?C0 325
88 rooms; fine corner; furniture ar . car-
■ pets all good; rent $90 '. — ■ H-'O
$225—20 rooms, near Market; clears $65 month-
ly; a giveaway. KREDO & CO.. 22 Vt Geary.
_ ROOMS on Ellis St.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture: only $1100
30 rooms; north of Market Et. ; fir-- 1500
76 rooms; select ;.- transient; ■■-•.- ... 2500
US rooms; rent $55 550
37 rooms: north of Marl I cU-ars $123 1500
10 rooms: all new. furniture 600 ,
IF YOU WILL CALL OX US WE WILL \
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE * CO., 1206 Market St.
CHEAP— FIrst-eTass bc.rdlr.ir house. 23 sunny
rooms; all modern; central location; doing!
rood business; investigate. Address box 1*.32,
Call office. • ■
PARTY wishes to buy or sell lodging house
and -other- bwslness. BASILE. S73'/4 Market st.
W ANTED— To buy lodging house; 25 to 35 i
rooms; no agents. Address box 1540, Call.
$100.(00 to loan on stocks and bonds; low lhter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
EX>t' CATION AL.
HF.A!.T)'S Business College. 24 Post st-— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, ..typ-
Ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing^ book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, -English
branches, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez. ' '
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day _ eve. ;
est. ISM. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A . Hyde,
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, . 1236 Mar-
ket Bt. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory : F. Cooke Caldwell."
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 122 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 626
. Turk «t , bet. I.arkln and Polk.
.^f^j LOST.
WHITE fox terrier with brown spots about
eyea, also on shoulder; name Spot; $10 're-
ward. 17 Powell st., upstairs.
OXIDIZED silver belt with cut steel orna-
ments. Reward at 416 California st.
— Greyhound -bitch pup. Return to 633
Geary st.
LOST— Nov. 8, a brindle greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Ver-
mont sts.. and receive reward. -
LOST— White female greyhound. Return to
Transfer Baloon, Eighteenth and Castro sts.
Liberal reward. . ._ ■ . . .
FOUND.
FOUND on night of Nov. 8. horse and buggy; i
owner can have same by proving property
and paying expenses. Apply 339 Tenth . st.
FOUND — Greyhound on Point Lobes aye., near
Blake st: Apply at 15 Blake st.
1100,000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpi't-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. 8. 40.
CARPET? cleaned at 3c' per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jeasle 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanlntr Co., "240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; te'.. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Hutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GF.O. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
'attorneys AT law.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 622 Emma
gpreckels building, J27 Market St.; charges
moderate. .
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hltxrnla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids.. ?27 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no chnrse unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st.
is win a it_ciiiNEs. ~
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Eincor and White
chenp; repairing yuaranteofl. ■ 1311 Mission st. I
i*"~iIONTHLy, rented:" repalr.-d. bought soitl;
"machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bouKht. sold; exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20." Fourth st.
— — . BICYCLES.
BFCOND-HAND bicycles from S3 up; new girls'
wheels, SIS; new ]:>:.. high grade $100 bicycle
for $?9- new tire $2; new pedals. ?! 23 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2"th and Folsom.
GENT'S $70 '?R wheel for $30. Address box
1535. Call office.
. PROPOSALS. ~~
lilDS~wllT"be opened on Tuesday, November 15,
for bar privilege tor Elks' carnival on
Thankfglvfng eve. Address JOHN COE-
FIELD, chairman executive commltte, 201
Kearny st. " '• ' >■ T
"STORAGE^ !
KE^OG^RU^oiLTH^^to^B^nTlJovlng^^
Office 401 Poet st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
nUSINESS .CHANCES.
$550; OLD established restaurant In whole-
sale district; no- Sunday or night . work;, a
well known and first-class paying place; a
g-enulne good bargain; sickness cause of sale.
WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st. \.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
•■ with WiLKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.; the
old established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country, towns.
A— ssoo: CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; living rooms; rent $27 50: stock worth
the money; owner must sacrifice; bought
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG, 60S- Market st.
$750— HALF, o* well paying, pleasant commis-
sion business: or will trade for Al Oakland
business. . Inquire WILKE & UNFUG. .
$375— BEST paying bakery In lively town near
San Francisco; must be sold this week.
WILKK ■& UNFUG. 906 Market St.
A— s6so; CORNER grocery and bar. with ele-
living rooms; low rent; first-class, pay-
ing; sickness only compels owner to sacrifice.
I WILKE _ UNFUG, i-06 Market st. ; ■
! A— sl2oo; coal and ivodyard; established many
years; doing a splendid racing business:
horses and wagons; lease: rent $25: death of
owner cause of sale; a genuine (food invest-
ment. " Particulars WILKE _ UNFUG. 906
Market st. ■
j $375— BAKERY and confectionery; first-class
business; splendid store trade; trial given; a
bargain for- somebody. Inquire WILKE &
UNFUG. 906 Market ft.
A— WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to' sell give us a
! call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
! J2EO— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
; ness; have over 300 customers: fine horses,
wagons, etc. ; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$250— SALOON on Market St.; clears $75 per
. month easy; must be sold this week on ac-
count of departure; cheap at $500; never such
bargain offered. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
A—?:"' delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent: well fitted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye. j
j j^«! — COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$22;— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
Sr?.i>— turant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market st. ; rent $15.
$:C0— Cigar store; receipts $13 per day. .
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
i $125— BRANCH bakery; rays well; big bargain.
i National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
I $176— PART] wonted In old established sa-
lr-on situated In good locality; line fixtures;
go. d stock; everything In first-class order;
see this at once. M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market.
! $jAo_BAKKKY; Just across the bay; baking 4
to 5 barrels flour per day; old established; 5
' horses, 2 wagons. "5 living rooms and bath;
seiler owns property; is retiring and will
give his successor a good chance; best offer
in this line to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
I $2500— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket St.; established for 30 years; horses and
wagon. LESS & CO., 765 Market St.
1500^-SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nlshed ms; between ■ shops and factories;
1 ritrt cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
I 7C5 Market st. - - ■
CHANCE for any bright business man; will
p.;ll half interest in cash commission business;
no night or Sunday work; seller In business
for 25 years and retiring. Box 1565, Call.
A^s2ooo; HOUSE, 50 rooms,' finely furnished;
tr-ler.did locution for business; biggest bar-
i gain in city. S. H. GOULD _ CO.. succes-
sors to George Stewart & Co., 632 Market st.
i A— s2so; PARTNER wanted in old-established.
i well-located brokerage business; Investigate
I this for your ; profit. GOULD _ CO., 632
I Market St. .
A— sSso; CAJs'DY, stationery, notions and spe-
cialties; line stock; splendid location; -big
trade: close investigation. GOULD * CO.,
632 Market St. ■
A— s7so: FINE business In close-by, live town,
paying $150 per month; thorough Investigation
solicited. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
$300— GROCERY and bar; 8 living rooms; sell-
ing on account of sickness. N. - LOWEN-
STEIN. 1023^ Market at.
$175— GROCERY and bar; bargain; account-
sickness. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023& Market.
$600— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; owner
sick; must be sold. N. LOEWENSTEIN.
1023% Market St. . -
$350 — CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; death
In the family cause of sale.. McLAUGHLIN
&-CO-. 777 Market st. .
$350—CORNER. loon: a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this
I day. Mclaughlin _ C 0.,-777 Market st.
$1250 WILL buy hotel and lot; well furnished;
worth $2500. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777 Mar-
ket st. ■-.. . • , .
A FEW of STEN'BERG CO. BARGAINS:
Partner; livery stable.
-• $250 Delicacy store. ■ « .r't ■
■ . •• . $800— 'Fine corner -saloon. •■ .. -'—■■
$400— Partner; paying restaurant.
$600— Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner In auction house.
Oyster grotto; rent $15: a snap.
We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
ST EN BERG CO., 26ft Kearny St.
KREDO _ CO.. : 22K Geary st.
$450— Fine saloon; 10 nicely furnished rooms;
only $20 rent; a snap.
$2-50— Branch bakery and school supplies;
Just opposite 2 schools; nice living rooms.
$200— Cigar stand; cheap rent; will clear $73
month: look at this.
$1100— SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full; Is
a "bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy, piano;
clearing $200 monthly. JONES, £60 Market St.
$100— BAKERY and confectionery; best bargain
In town; also fine road mare, business buggy
and, harness. $50 cash. Call 1004 Polk st.
$1200 BUYS a rich gold placer mine; Calaveras
County; $1,000,000 can be taken out. Box
1541, Call office. . ■
' DELICACY store and branch bakery; liv-
ing room; all furnished. Apply 238 Ellis st.
$150— HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542, Call office.
FOR sale or rent— Coffee-house. 826 Sacramento
street. •
$100,000 to loan on seelsklns and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncla Harris. 15 Grant aye. !
BARGAIN— A fortune In whisky when the best
can be made for 75c; the secret sold cheap.
Box 1668, Call office.
GOOD business — Restaurant and 8-room
lodging-house for sale; cheap. Call or ad-
dress 325K Fourth ft.
PARTNER wanted for a. first-class saloon
business; doing a business of $2000 a month; a
rare chance for the right man. Box 1557. Call.
FOR BALE— grocery and bar. Comer Fil-
bert and Lacuna sts.
WANTED— A partner with $150 for a good-
paying business; no experience necessary.
Address or call on J. B. BELL, 120 Eleventh
. Et.. after 6: o'clock p. in.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest In best
paying restaurant In Oakland; present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business In San Francisco; clearing $200
. month guaranteed: fullest Investigation and.
trial before buying. Owner, Call, Oakland.
FOR BALE-Only collateral loan business In
mining city of 10,000 population. Inquire of
MRS. O. 3. HOWE, Grass Valley, Cal.
BAKERY, restaurant and coffee parlor tor
sale; good location. Inquire Call office.
$185— FR-UIT and grocery store ; fine business;
■ horse and wagon. 1678 Mission St.
STATIONERY store. Apply 708 Broad-
way st. ■
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-103
Be?:!* st - _____
DENTISTS. ' .
A METAL jilate for the same' price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns. $3; nil-
ings. 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years »;iven on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings, 60c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal l'arlors, 24 (Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1131.
DR. GEORGE to. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of oalnlesa extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate.. iremoved fromO to 20 O Farrell st.
sirTftelith. $5: fillings, gold,. sl up; silver. 25c
up; bridgework; plates repaired; all work
rainless und warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 9C9 Mission St.. corner Sixth. :
VAN~VRobM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less nnd guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
657 Market »t.. corner Sixth.
EET of teeth. $4; Oiling, gold 50c, silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny st. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all. work reasonable; i.as given.
ALL work rea«on*_«> and" warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. ,1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. < ■ ■
. . , TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $26; Callgraph, $16; Yost, $25;
«t «__nle work. SCOTT. 223 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
j AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 ■ big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
JUST completed; lodging-house. 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor. Southeast corner
Sixth and "Shipley sts. -
! $100,000 to loan; ladies' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris", 15 Grant aye.
I PERRY, 20&, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $3; water, free. . Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO. _•
i WE can rent you ' a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. • •
. CHEAP; 6 rooms, bath; lower part. _
| Guy place, off First st., above Folsom.
i ' !
• COTTAGES TO LET.
! TO LET— Pretty sunny corner cottage of 6
rooms and bath; nicely furnished; rent $25.
GEORGE W. ' H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
Market st. ■
FLATS TO LET.
BOYD, 9, off Harrison and Langton— 4 nice
rooms and store room; rent cheap.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1142— Lower and middle
flat, 6 rooms; modern conveniences sunny side.
GROVE, 305, near Franklin— large rooms and
bath; fine condition; all mod. imprvmte. ; reas.
HAIGHT, 542— Sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent rea-
sonable. • •
HAIGHT, 1021, above Baker— Nice sunny 5 or
6 room flat; will be newly painted.
HAVES. 339- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
HYDE, 1720—5 new choice rooms, $17; also cot-
tage, 6 rooms, $15.
SIXTH, 561—8 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
STEINER, 1123— Modem flat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call 1818 Ellis st.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath: cot-
tage. 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
UPPER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore. •
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission st.. near Seventh; $17.
$11 50 FLATS; sunny, 4 rooms, cellar, yard.
468 Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant aye. • ■ .
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 725. above Fifth— Front bedroom
| and kitchen: furnished for housekg; $8 and $6.
I CLEMENTINA, 291— Back and front parlor; !
clean and very cheap: convenient.
! EDDY, 207— Nice sunny double rooms, house-
keeping. $S, $9, $10, $11 and $_; gas, bath;
quiet house.
EDDY, 917— Front connecting housekeeping
rooms; splendid location; private residence. .
[ EIGHTH. 84— Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com- ;
plete for housekeeping; private family: bath.
ELLIS, 532— Housekeeping; 4 sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms; call 1 to 4. ■ ■ ■ '
FIFTH. Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, 6lnk, bath; private; $11. :
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suite parlors for I
doctor or dentist; also sunny housekeeping
and * other rooms. • • .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping: . gas
stove, bath and free telephone. ■
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1529—2 unfurnished
rooms and kitchen, $13. . .
GROVE, 203, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 8-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 625— Large kitchen with bedroom
furnished complete housekpg: others; reas. .
HOWARD, 761^— Nicely furnished sunny. suite
with kitchen for man and wife. . . .
HOWARD. 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD. 1324— 2 large rooms; furnished com-
plete {or housekeeping. . ■• • ■
HYDE, 222 — Complete? bedroom and kitchen for
housekeeping; also other rooms; $5 up.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
JESSIE. 433, bet. 6th and 6th— large connect-
ing rooms, furnls-hed for housekpg; sink; $12. ]
KEARNY. 230— Newly furnished housekeeping |
rooms; also single sunny rooms; central loca- j
tion; reasonable. • : - ■ i
_ARKIN, Furnished or unfurnished; light
and eunny; and single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 517—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. .
LEAVENWORTH, 1015—3 unfurnished connect-
ing basement rooms; bath; rent $10. j
LEWIS. 18, oft Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen; reasonable. -
MISSION, Fine furnished double parlor for
dentist or doctor; alßd housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. 1129— cleanest and. the cheapest;
housekeeping and others. ■'
MISSION. 1241—2 or 3 rooms and alcove; fur-
nished; stove: garden. -' I -
MINNA, 871, near Fifth— Large sunny back
room; water, stove, closets; private family.
NATOMA, 81. comer Second— nice sunny front
rooms for housekeeping;' reasonable. fv
POLK, 522— Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.''
SHIPLEY, — 4 rooms, ,$6; no children. Guer-
rero, 1149—2 rooms and bath, $5.
SIXTH, 216 Vi — Housekeeping rooms; thoroughly
renovated; front or back; running water; rea».
TAYLOR, 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
rooms, bath and gas, $10 and $12. .
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
SIXTH 136— Furnished room; light house-
keeping allowed; single room, $1 week. ...
STEVENSON, Two sunny housekeeping
rooms for rent.
TEHAMA. 44— Three housekeeping rooms. .
THIRD, — Large sunny furnished room com-
plete for housekeeping. $7 a month. "
TWELFTH, 23QC— Sunny ■ housekeeping rooms;
1 private family; corner flat. _ _ '
TWENTY-THIRD 8168, near Howard— Front
and back parlor; use of kitchen; bath, laun-
dry. , ■• ----.• ' - - '
VAN NESS, -300— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also other rooms. : '
VAN NEBB, 518—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $15.
s .ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
gunny rooms, en suite or single; first-das*
In every respect: terms reasonable.-.
AT 52 Second— rooms per week, $160 to
■$3; single, $1 to $1 60; day. 25c to 60c.
BALBOA, The 104SA Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country, trade solicited; eJev'tr; tcl.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St.. 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
BRYANT, 457%— Nicely furnished room suita-
ble for gentleman.
BUSH, 'BO5 — Nicely furnished double room, $7
. a month; other rooms reasonable. ' .
CALIFORNIA, S32— Elegant suite sunny 1 fur-
. nished rooms for gentlemen; board if deslrod.
CLAY, 2407—3 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath In private house; rent sl2 00; ref. required.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished 'single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 473 (427)— Sunny room, large, finely fur-
nished; 2 closets. ■ - ■
ELLIS, 217—2 or 3 double and single rooms for
light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLSOM, , 770— Sunny furnished front room;
rent cheap. ■ - . » ■
FOLSOM, 776^4— Nicely furnls..ed sunny rooms
to let; $4 and $5. - ' , ' " -
GLOBE House. £21 Howard— night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
.GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
i • Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
r single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 761 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . - • ■
HARRIET, 15. . off Howard, near Sixth—
furnished bedroom; cheap. .. • - y
HASKELL. The. '121 Powell Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients: gents preferd.
HAVES, 423— Nice sunny double front room;
one week's rent free; cheap; Investigate.
HAVES, 433— Nice sunny double front room;
one week's rent free; cheap; investigate.
ROOMS TO Continued. ■ -
I HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
! suites and singl. rms. ; trasient. Mrs. J. King.
■ i $100 COO to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
■ pianos. UNCLE -HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.' •
I JONES, 117 — Large sunny front room; folding
bed; extra. bed if desired; private. '- .
MARKET, 1007%— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle: reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.'. •
MISSION,' 1729V4, near Thirteenth— Large sun-
ny front room, furnished, $0; single, $3; bath;
laundry. " • : '■.*-. •
OAK, 119 — Sunny front room furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, small, $5. •-. - -
: O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; el**
vator; electric lights: day,, week or month. .
1 POST, 910 — Sunny front room for gentleman;
running water; private family. -. .
i POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or. single; also transient; rent cheap. .;"
1 POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elejrantfy
furnished- rooms; second floor; reasonable.
POWELL. 612 A —Large sunny room: suitable
for gentleman; new flat; reasonable: ref.
; REFINED gentleman wishing nice large room
apply nt 1006 Mason St.. near Sacramento.
: SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House.- 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. •
STEVENSON. <".2O — Sunny front rooms; single
or double; light housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1348, - cor: Newly furnished
suites & single; also suite for doctor's office.
1 TAYLOR, 203— Newly furnished sunny bay-
■w^ndow room; 2 gents; also 6lngle; private.
TAYLOR, 624, earner — Sunny rooms,
with or without board; elegant doctor's offices.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St., corner How-,
ard— Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
fn suite or single, 25c to $1 night: $1 23 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. -cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains. -
TREMONT House, 1773 Market ft.. opp.Goußh—
; House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
WASHINGTON. Fo2— Changed hands; renovat-
ed: sunny unfurn. rms. ; offices; run. water.
i • ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFOR^D~The— ' ~ """^
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homelike: terms
moderate; board optional; all- cars direct.
! BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
[ to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
EDDY, 626 (Irvinpdale)— front bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up; single, $20 up.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing; parlor; piano; bath: gents; special rates.
1 SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished room, with
board. $4 and $5 ; home cooking. :
VAN NESS aye., Sunny furnished suites '
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
j CARE of Infant or small child by responsible
lady; terms reasonable. Box 1589, Call office.
SUITABLE home for child: Rood home; moth-
er's care: $10 per month. IS3O Bush st. ■
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let or good place for sh»e
store. 1223 Polk st.
LACUNA, E25, near Hayes— store and
rooms to let. Apply 601 Hayes st.
I PACIFIC, 82?, near — Handsome large
store: very cheap to good tenant.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for Baloon. Apply 2S3S .Mission St. .
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st. ;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first*
floor: for doctor or business; terms reas-
onable. - . ■ ■ ■ . .- •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
AS we are selling' good upright, pianos for it
cash Rnd $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; irlces ore th«
same as it purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, 14 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY „ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttor
Ms.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. 1 '• (
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and' largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
N, 2S and SO O'Farrel! St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical -instruments of -all grades
«nd prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer. : "T» . ,-
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased :
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
' BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, sole agents for Cblck-
erlng. Steck. Voee and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. IS O'Farrell st. : .
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices _r*
low. MAUVAIB. 768 Market St. ■
VERY elaborate cased, high grade piano, per-
fectly new, offered at a great sacrifice for
cash. Room 10, Flood building.
FINE Chlckc-rlng piano; cheap; Apply for 3
days at 1914 Filbert st. . . . .
FOR SALE— upright piano. $40. 15 Hyde
street.
$60— UPRIGHT piano: good tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post Bt.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES" Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmuz.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 21« McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, HZ up;
rents $3 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis Et.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new : '.yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. old 'and new. 5T
MTJLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
' HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Ealesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price. ■ .-.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth: suction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— A fine buggy horse cheap. Apply
135 Berry st., bet. Third and Fourth. •
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental, Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp: City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A RAKE bargain; 12- bore W. W. Greener
harnmerless Damascus shotgun, almost new,
for (60; cost originally $200. At UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. '
STAR lathe; new 6-ft. bed; 4 ft. between cen-
ters; ]V-ln. suing; automatic cross feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE. Eld Mission et. •
AN IS-karat gold Howard watch, .worth $100. for
$03. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ONE 37-ft. launch, _ hprse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; ;,C-;t. launch 60-ft. tug- boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBKECHT, successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton uta.
BARS,*tack bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-1018-1021-1023 . Mission . St..
above Sixth. ■- ' ' ' : . ' "--
4 DYNAMOS, 200 light. $150; 100 light, $90; 30
light. $40; 15 light. $25. SMITH, 627 Mission.
FOR sale— 2oo,ooo second-hand bricks; also
■ doors, various sizes. 745 Bryant st.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. . ,
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly used; standard
make; sell cheap; roust sell. Address or call
at 1036 Post st. ■ " ■' ' '
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIPT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILEKS engines, ■hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLI'MAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys :cvr'd. 513 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;'
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, »38-i)fi2. Market.
J - R. POOL, house-mover," dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes;. half original cost. 109-111 Market, ,F.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ada taken. L ' ,
• . ■-.-.■ v ■•'■ - ■ ■ ■■ . " :-- .» . .
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To communicate • with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been inj
duced to pay money in consideration of be-
ing appointed agents for a composition styled
Mai v!na Cream. Address P. O. box 2137, City.
WANTED— Talented vaudeville amateurs; rea-
sonable compensation. Apply at 320 Mont-
gomery Bt. Friday evening between 8 and 9.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to |6 per week;
free 'bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
I LEDERER. the up-to-date hairdresser, offers
a better grade of hair goods at less prices
than any other dealer in town; call and see.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
•CO., Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market St.
LEDERER' S Quinonla should be applied to the
roots of the • hair; promotes its growth; 35c
a bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. '.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
I 51 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles" tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
cents, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 016 Mkt.. cpp. Emporium.
TAYLOR, 23S— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty; reasonable. .* •
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. mis. 14--15.
U'IRiriAHSM.
ATTENTION
Returned.
' MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and b*gs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but be^ire you !
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested in; business, speculation. ,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends j
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
a.'l diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome>.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings |1. 232 Stockton st.
DEVELOPING circles to-night, 10c, at 227
Sixth st., rooms 25-26.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance, ■'■■
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth St.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs..
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027H Mrkt.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght »t.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.
Mon... 8, 25c: Bluings »1. 233 Valencia st. :
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS." DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore lost affec-
tions, unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals: tolls your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed ]
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spec- I
la! terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 3206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant and card reader;
bom with double veil and second sight; diag-
sis disease with full life reading; la Sue:
gents $1; palm & clalr.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2.V up. 5 Fourth st. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reading. We, at 227 Sixth
St., rooms 25-26.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
vc var.l and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader,
past, present and future; 2Se. us Sixth, rm.lo.
CONSULT the lucky medium; 25c. J49V4 Minna
street.
MM!'. MOREAU, the best medium and card
readf r; L'c up. 78 Fourth ft., near Mission.
MME. SYBJLLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened. an office at 315 O'Farr<:: st.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and j
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong ,
pills, $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk Kt., near Jones.
ALL Ladles — only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
to years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
flelay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st ; pills, 11; very strong, $2.
1100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure, for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure;. no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price |1 50 per box, pent free by 1
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all I
special diseases free. WALLER Bros., 23 '
Grant aye.. S. F. ■ A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. .-:,;_?/
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause. and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instrument* used: consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By tho well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cades of monthly irregularities from what- !
'ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed ]
cure at office, 55; travelers helped instantly; |
consult free: confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to
sp. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with i
■ female troubles; no danger: safe cure; %2 50; j
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
npi;QOP r.ROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cnl.
.~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Chancery of Lancashire, Liverpool Dis-
trict, re DANIEL JONES, late of Liverpool,
In the County of Lancaster, tobacco manu-
f acturer, deceased. JONES v«. CAMBELL
—By an order made In. the above matter and '
cause. dated*l3th December. 1597, an Inquiry
wan directed as to whether (1) any of the chil-
dren of the testator's son, WILLIAM JONES
(late of 12 Park ..Ridings, Hornsey, Lon-
don, deceased, who died on the 24th of Septem-
ber. 1897) were dead., and if so. when they
died, and who were their respective le^al
personal representatives, and (2) as to what
Issue there were of any such child or chil- I
dren of the said WILLIAM JONES, who died j
■ In his lifetime, and as to such Issue whether I
they were respectively living at the decease
" of the said. WILLIAM JONES, and whether
they respectively attained, the age of 21 years
or married. •-. -
Pursuant to a direction of the court, WIL-
LIAM ARTHUR CAMBELL JONES (a aon
of the above named WILLIAM JONES, de-
ceased), If living or if deceased, his Issue
(If any), Is or are by his or their solicitors, on
or before the Bth day of December, 1898, to
come In and prove his or their claim at the
chambers of the Registrar of the Liverpool
District, of the said court, situate at No. 9
Cook street, Liverpool, aforesaid, or In de-
fault 'thereof they will be peremptorily ex-
cluded from the benefit of the said order.
The said WILLIAM ARTHUR CAMBELL
JONES was last heard of in the city of San
FrancUco, in the United "-States of America,
in August. 1888. and Is believed to be dead.
If living he Is entitled to a share of the es-
tate of the above named testator. DANIEL
JONES, and If dead, leaving issue, such Is-
sue are so entitled.
THURSDAY, the 15th day of December.
1888 at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the
chambers of the Registrar, Is appointed for
adjudicating upon the claims. • , ' . ■
Dated the 16th day of S»pt<»mber. 1898.
F. WILLIS TAYLOR. Registrar. = .
FRED. CEO. COLE. 43 North John St.. "
Liverpool Solicitor for the Applicants.
===?=:==:= PHYSICIANS.
DR MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50; 0pen. 3:30 to 6. 987
.Market, cor. Cth.-. opp. ■ Welnstpck & Lubln's.
■DR C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
UO6 Market; disease* of women a specialty.
. • . ...-.,.,. ;■■• - ■ ■ • .......
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$3300— northwest corner of . Twenty-third
and Dolores sts. ; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-room flat; lot 50x57; there are 23
feet of this lot vacant, which can be Im-
proved to bring In large returns ; want to
close out. Owner, GEO. B. M. GRAY,. 454
' Ninth at.. Oakland.
$100.#00 to loan; low Interest; strictest privacy;
; on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
. I $100, to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$10.000— ONE of Hayward* choicest homes: 17^4
acres of land all in bearing tree*, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath; barn, chicken houses,
chickens, • horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished; sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash: 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
St., Oakland.
; 160 ACRES of good grain land; latest Improve-
ments and beautiful home for family.- In-
quire grocery. 1748 Lark In St.. cor. Jackson.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CASH business; Market st. exchange for
city or country property. 2100 Folsom st.
■ OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
: OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 8 minutes from
railroad station; M minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
' HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
• $100,000 to loan; low Interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
BY the owner on easy terms, house, 5 rooms,
; bath; patent closets; wash-trays; 2 minutes
to Market-st. station; 4 blocks of Broadway.
, Box 412, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark mi. :
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
st. KOEXIQ & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
fiats 8 or 4: also single. . 1453-55 Brondway.
j M^ .^ — W^iW
| OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALK.
! FUJJNJTUKE— Ocod end cheap H. >ICKKI<V»
RAAB' old store. 408 Flev»nth »t. (»•# ht-* j
ALAMEDA ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKOA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 block* from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 room*; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800 — New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. : lot 50x207. See
; this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
I meda. H. P. MOREAL A CO.
I BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. Installment home
builders and real rotate agents, 1500 Park St.. j
AIMTPWrtH. - * I
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Only $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest improvements; near the university;
large lot; street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station.
BARGAIN In a building site In the beautiful
Scenic Park; lot 50x125; street work all done;
only $700. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley. >. j
i ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market:
prices reduced;' on San Pablo aye., t miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to O. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome St.. 8. F. .
; $3000— 5-room cottage; bath, laundry; IV4 acre*;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. - Freese & Cod-
dlngtcn. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley *tn. !
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda lat lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
' elry at the lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
■ ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
i ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 88, 1170 Market.
$100,000 to loan on stock*, bonds and diamonds; j
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. J.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
j estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
; $50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.; !
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery' st.
__ FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
— — _ — i»» ■— ■— — — i—— — — » — »
HOTEL FOR SALE.
] FOR sale— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen-
tral location; fine view; doing good business:
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. HEN-
. DRICKSON. room 814. Claus Bpreckel* bldg.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John Me.Hugh and Josle B. Rellly 25-30
George H. 'Black and Jennie L. Cronner...27-24
| Jeremiah J. Sullivan and Sarah Llnehan.. 26-24
Phillip Cornelia and Mary Baccari 24-16
I Vinzenz Ach;mer and Eltsa Russi 32-24
■ Vaclav Zaruba and Elenora Korbel 33-24
Edward E. Keeley and Alice Slyter 21-19
Mortimer C. Dewitt and Effle L. Stewart.. 2l-21
Mark A. Terry and Zadle I. 5ma11.... 29-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATHi
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In .at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
{ suns authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CORNEPS— this city, October 3, 1808, to the
wife of B. F. Corneps, a daughter. '
FLINN— In this city, November 6, 1898, to the
wife of William P. Flinn. a daughter. '
~~~ MARRIED. '-
GERDES— PETERS— In this city, November t.
1898, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Henry
George Gerdes and Clara Helene Peters, both
of San Francisco. ; .. . ■• •
YOUNG— In this, city, November 6,
1898, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, John Wil-
liam Young and Helena Georgine Jensen.
„ _ "Idled. ~ — -
Bell, Leslie , • Harders, Margaret '
Blake, Catherine A. . Leldecker," Auguste
Brennen, William McDonald. John F. •'
Conway, Robert J. Monaghan, John H.
Cousins, Charles S. . Murray, Mary
Crane. Sophy C. H. ' .Noonan, Michael j
Crowley, Mary Oberdeener, Wolf
Daly. John J. Pellegrini, Richard '
David, Jules Pretorlous. Mary
David, Victor " Scholt*. Frank
Griffin. Michael A. . Shoop, Catharine ■>-:
Guinasso, Stella I. Sparks, William
Hald, Jennie Werner, Minna • f.\\
BELL— In Bellevale, San Mateo County, No-
vember 10, 1808, Leslie, beloved son of James
and Lilla Bell, aged 12 years.
BLAKE— In this city, November 10. ISSS, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. H.
■\\lnter, 13 '1 Valencia street, .Catherine A..
relict of the late William Blake, and mother
( of J. F. Blake and Mrs.- J. H. Winter, a na-
tive of Somerset. Ohio, aged 74 years. '
C~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at Benlcia, Cal., on the arrival
of the 8 a. m. train from San Francisco,
from St. Dominic* Church. • where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
■ Interment Benlcia, Cal. Please omit flowers.
BHENNEN— In ' this - city, November 9, 1898,
William, dearly beloved husband of Annie
Brennen, and beloved father of John W.,
James F. and Annie Brennen. a native of
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 5$ years. . .
(CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect*
• fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 656H Bryant street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem ma**
will- be celebrated • for the repose of his soul,
commencing ,at 0 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery- ■ .
CONWAY— In Alameda, Cal., Novemßer 9.
18^8, Robert J., beloved husband of Delia
Conway. Bon of Catherine and the late Mich-
ael Conway, brother of Mary Conway. and
cousin of Annie. Molly and Michael Hen-
ntngs.-aged 28 year* 3 months and 23 days. *
ETFrlends and acquaintances • arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hit late real-
dence, 1209 Chestnut street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be said for the repose of his soul,
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
COUSINS— In Martinez. . November 10, 1898,
Charles S., beloved husband of Catherine
Cousins, a native of New York, aged 67 years
and 11 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, Martinez, thence by train leaving
Martinez at 10:40 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, San Francisco, on arrival of
12:15 train.
CRANE— In the shipwreck of the Mohegan, in
the English Channel, October 14. IS3S, Sophy
Cass Hall, widow of the late Alfred (.. Crane,
| and mother of L. A. and F. H. Crane and
Mrs. W. R. Farrington.
(CTFriends are invited to attend the funeral
services at the residence of her sister, Mrs.
Stephen G. Nye. 692 Twenty-fourth street.
Oakland, Sunday, November 13, at 3 o'clock.
Interment at Santa Cruz Monday, November
14, at 12 o'clock, on the arrival of the nar-
row-gauge train. Friends are also Invited to
the burial service.
CROWLEY-In this city, November 8, 1898. at
2329 California street, Mary Crov-ley. beloved
sister of T. J. Crawler, Mrs. Hannah Bag-
ley and Mrs. Margaret Draper, a native of
Ireland.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 2329 California
street, thence to St.. Dominic's Church.
Stelner street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DALY— Butte City. Mont., November 9, 1898.
John J.. beloved son of Mrs. Ann and the late
Lawrence Daly, and brother of Mary F. Daly,
Mrs. Kate O'Donnell. Mrs. Ella Hamm and
Lawrence B. and William B. Daly, a native
of Forest City, Sierra County, Cal., aged 30
years 9 months and 24 days.
DAVID— In this city, November 10. IS9S, Jules
David, a native of New Orleans, aged 78
I years.
j DAVID— this city, November 10, 1898. Victor
David, a native of New Orleans, aged 72
years.
GRIFFIN— In this city. " November 10, IS9B.
Michael A., beloved son of Anthony T. and
the late Helen Griffin, and brother of John
P.. Theobald M.. Mamie, Nellie. Millie and
Gerald Griffln. a native of Cambrldgeport.
| Mass., aged 32 years 5 months and 21 ilay%
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
' residence, 309 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, ■ corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUINASPO— In this city, November 9, 1898,
Stella Ida, dearly beloved daughter of Louis
I and Mar}' Gulnasso, and sisttr of Albert
Gulnasso. a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 7 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from h-r parents'
residence, SA Verennes street, off Union, near
Dupont. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
J HALD— In Halfmoon Bay, November 10, ISDS.
j Jennie, beloved wife of Henry Hald, mother
of Myrtle and Johanna Haiti, and daughter
| of Mrs. Julia Knaop, a native of Pescadero,
Cal.. aged 24 years.
HARDERS— this city, November 9. 1599.
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of George W.
Harders, mother of Willie. Adrlen and Ruth
Harlers. daughter of Margarethe and the lat<»
John Volz. and sister of John Volz. Mrs. F.
M. Schweitzer, Mrs. John Hunter and Edith
Volz. a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years 1 month and 17 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
IS'^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late rest-
den--*, 3796 Seventeenth street, corner of San-
chez Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEIDECKER— In this city, November 8. 1833.
Auguste. beloved wife of C. F. C. Leldecker.
[ and mother of Alfred. Ferdinand, Frederick
and Waldarnar Leldecker, a native of Had-
ersleben. Germany, aged 40 years and 7
. month*.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1000 A Lombard street. Service* will
be held at the chapel of the Odd Fellow*'
| Crematory at 2:13 o'clock, where the remains
will be cremated.
I McDONALD— In this city. November 10. ISSB.
j ' John Forbes, beloved husband of Theresa
McDonald, .second steward of steamer St.
Paul from Manila, a native of Inverness,
Scotland, aged 45 years 7 months and 15 days.
C^Frler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1057 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
i MONAOHAN— In this city, at the Potrero. No-
vember 10. 1898. John H.. dearly beloved hus-
band of Fannie Monachal!, father of John
and Frank Monaghan, Mrs. J. Dougherty and
Mrs. M. Cusack, and brother of Michael
Monaghan. a native of County Galway. Ire- .
land, aged 52 years.
I MURRAY— In this city. November 9. IS9S. Mary
Murray, beloved aunt of John and William
Murray, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aged 45 years.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOONAN— In this city, November 9. IS9S.
Michael Noonan. beloved father of Michael
Noonan, Mrs". Mary yon Boder\ William Noo-
nan and Mrs. Lizzie Noonan, a native of
; County Galway. Ireland, aged 77 years.
lC~"Frlen(!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
'J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a high requiem
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
OBERDEENER— In this city, November 9, 189«.
Wolf, dearly beloved husband of Amalia
Oberdeener, father of Isaac, Robert and Leo
Obenleer.er. and brother of S. Oberdeener of
Santa Clara, C. Oberdeener of San Francisco
and George Oberdeener of Stockton, a native
of Poland. Russia, aged 5." years. A mem-
ber of Magnolia Lodge. I. O. O. F.
C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
♦Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1620 Pine street, between Van Ness
avenue and Franklin street, thence by train
from Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery.
I. O. O. F. — Officers and members of California
Rebekah Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.. will please
attend the funeral of our late brother. W.
Oberdeener, this day (Friday), from his resi-
dence. By order of
SARAH PATTERSON, N. G.
PAULINE HARRIS, R. 8.
FIRST HEBREW BENEVOLENT SOCIETY—
The officers and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late member, W.
Oberdeener, this (Friday) morning, at 10
o'clock, from his late residence. 1620 Pine
street. S. ZEKIND. Secretary. ,
PELLEGRINI— this city. November 10, IS9B.
. Richard J.. dearly beloved son of Richard and
Amelia Pellegrini, and brother of Ralph
Pellegrini, a native of San Francisco, aged
11 months and 10 days. . . i
PRETORIOUS — November 8, 189S, Mary, be-
loved wife of ' Frederick Pretorious, and
mother of Mrs. H. Van Houten. Mrs. E. E.
Peck and Charlie. Ethel, Camille and th»
late Fred Pretorious. a native of Boston;
Mass.. aged 52 years. . ,
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday* nt 1 o'clock, from her late residence,
486 Castro street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , .... ■
SCHOLTZ— In this city, at the Potrero, Novem-
ber 8. 1398. Frank, beloved son of H. F. and
Nellie Scholtz, and brother of Harry and
George Scholta, a native of Vallejo, Cal..
aged 14 years 2 months and 11 days. (Benicia
papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence -northwest corner ■of Michigan and
Twenty-second streets, Potrero, thence to
St Teresa's Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the ; repose of hi* soul at it o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BHOOP— In this city. November 9, 189S, Cath-
arine dearly beloved wife of Joseph Shoop,
(nee Gleason), a native of the parish of Gart.
County Galway, Ireland, aged 64 years . and
4 months. ■ ■' ■ ' ■ . ■ ' ' '.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 15 SJaßonlc avenue, near Point Lobos,
thence' to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
between Scott ' *nd Devlsadero, ' where a re-
auiem high mass • will be '■ said for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SPARKS— In this city, November 9, 1898. Wil-
liam dearly beloved son of Rose and the lato
Captain William Sparks, and dearly beloved
brother of Mary, Rose and the late James
Sharks, a nsttve of San Francisco.
"[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2844 Folsom street, thence to at. An-
thony* Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hi* soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
WERNER— In this city, November 10. 1898.
Minna, dearly beloved wife of George Wer-
ner, mother of George F.. Eddy X., Emma
L... Phillip, Charles and Frank vVe.rner, and
sister of Mrs. A. Miltenberger, Mrs. L. Gab-
ler Mrs. J. Wagner and J. Brand, a native
-of Bavaria, Germany, aged 48 year* .1 month
; and 29 day*.' •
ST. DOMINIC CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciatlon— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased k members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
• in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
A B. GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
HENRY J. GALLAGHER' CO..
Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
; FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
■ / 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
■ Telephone South 80. - * ■
V. MCA VO V, Manager.
• McflVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEIUi
1235 Market st. between Bth ana 9th. <
Telephone. South 7;,7 ;,— _-_,_- ||M
. . ■ . :_-.■' , ■-•;
1112
WENT QUIETLY
TO HONOLULU
AND WERE WED
Ladies Who Followed
Their Lovers.
TWO SURPRISE PARTIES
ONE COUPLE HAS GONE TO
HOUSxJLEEPINCh
The Other Young Lady, Though Mar
ried, Eetumeu on the Australia
Yesterday Under Her
Maiden Name.
Honolulu seems to be the bourne to I
which ail the marriageable young women
are hastening. The arrival there of a
Bteamer from this coast is the signal for
the ringing of the wedding- bells, and the
vessel has not been tied up at the wharf
an hour, in some instances, before the par
son has pocketed his fee.
The Australia returned from the islands .
yesterday and among the passengers was
a young lady who left San Francisco a j
maid and returns a wife. Strange to say '•
Bhe returns under her maiden name, and ;
the news of the marriage will be a sur- j
prise to her relatives and friends.
Miss Letitia M. Mackay, of 729 Myrtle
Street, Oakland, Is a good looking young j
school teacher in the Athens of the Pa
cific. She loved and was beloved by a
young man named O. H. Walker, but the
lover's position was objected to and filthy
lucre was mixed up in the matter. Mr. i
Walker decided to shake the dust of Oak- |
land from his feet and to seek a fortune j
in the tropics. At Honolulu he received j
the position of bookkeeper in the large j
dry goods house of L. P. Kerr, and soon ,
had an assured position in the Paradise
of the Pacific.
He wrote regularly to Miss Mackay, and
she was delighted with his success. She
pined for a sight of her lover, however,
and determined to ijive him a surprise. \
A leave of absence trom her school was
obtained and it did not take long to se
cure a passage by the Alameda to Hono
lulu. On the way down she became ac
quainted with a Mrs. William McCaslin
and confided to that lady that she was j
on her way to Hawaii to get married, i
Mrs. McCaslin promised to assist her and
did to the extent of being bridesmaid ai |
the wedding.
The Alameda arrived at Honolulu the
afternoon of October 13. and no one was
more surprised than Mr. Walker when
his lady love walked into the store. It ;
did not take long to secure a marriage
license and a few nours later O. H. Walk
er and Letitia M. Mackay were made one
by the Rev. G. L. Parsons in the pres
ence of W. JL. Fletcher and Mrs. W. Me-
Casiin. The ceremony was performed in
the Methodist parsonage, and the whole
affair was kept very quiet.
The young couple enjoyed a fortnighfs
honeymoon, and then the bride took pas
sage on the steamer Australia for San
Francisco as "Miss L. M. Mackay." She
arrived here under that name, and as
Miss Mackay she went to her home in
Oakland. To-day, however, she will be
known as Mrs. O. H. Walker, nee Mackay.
Another passenger on the steamer Ala
meda with Miss Mackay to the islands
was a Mis.s Mary J. Walshe. They were
both bound to Honolulu on the same er
rand, but strange to say did not become
acquainted. Miss Walshe was on her way
to meet Lieutenant Frank Smith Brit
tain of the engineer corps, U. S. V. They
had met and loved in Texas, and the lady
traveled all the way from the Lone Star
State alone to join her lover. The wed
ding was celebrated In St. Andrew's Ca
thedral by the Rev. Alexander Mackin
tosh a few hours after the Aiameda
reacned port. The young couple set up
housekeeping in Honolulu and wiil re
main there until Lieutenant Brittaln's
regiment is ordered home.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
MRS. WILKINS' DEATH
DB. KTJHLMAN THINKS THERE
WAS FOTJX PLAY.
Believes She Died From Poison, and
Hints That It Was Not Self-
Administered.
Mrs. Lizzie Wilkins of Auburn, Cal.,
died suddenly at the home of her friend.
Mrs. FranJt Alger, 408 Jones street, yes
terday afternoon, and from the circum
stances surrounding the case Dr. Kuhl
man, who was called in to attend the
woman, is of the opinion that death was
due to poisoning, and intimates that it
may have been administered by some one
Interested in getting Mrs. Wilkins out of
the way.
Two weeks ago Mrs. Wilkins came to
this city to visit Mrs. Alger, and up to
yesterday morning seemed to be In the
best of health. When she was called for
breakfast yesterday morning she com
plained of severe pains in the stomach and
remained in bed. In the afternoon she
became worse, and Drs. Kuhlman and
Sullivan were summoned. The woman
died shortly after their arrival. Dr. Sul
livan, who saw the woman only a short
time before her death, is of the opinion
that Mrs. Wilkins died of cerebral hem
orrhage, but Dr. Kuhlman says all the
symptoms pointed to narcotic poisoning—
probably cocaine. He says that the pupils
of the eyes were dilated and there was
profuse perspiration. To Deputy Coroner
Hallett Dr. Kuhlman stated that he
thought the case would bear close inves
tigation, as he understood that Mrs. Wil
kins, who is a widow, had considerable
property.
A search of the woman's effects brought
to light an ounce bottle of morphine, $100
in gold and a deed to a ranch near Au
burn. Mrs. Alger, who has known u.e
deceased from childhood, does not believe
that Mrs. Wilkins used morphine, and is
at a loss to explain the bottle found in
the trunk. Deputy Coroner Hallett thinks
the woman died from natural causes, and
says that if death was due to poisoning
he believes Mrs. Wilkins took it herself
either accidentally or intentionally.
Railroad Commission Meets.
The Board of Railroad Commissioners
met yesterday afternoon and transacted
much routine business. The only case of
any Importance — that of the Pullman Pal
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
Read What CUTICURA REMEDIE9
Have Done for Skin-Tortured Babies.
My little sister bad cow-pox. She suffered
terribly. Tried everything, no good. Scabs
• came off with her clothes, she was raw all over.
Ccticura Soap cured her in three weeks.
Mrs. ELIZA ROVE, 1219 4th St., Wash., D. C.
Our little boy had Eczema In the most hor-
rible state. His face was full of scabs, and
parts of the fleah were raw. We used Ccn-
cc&A Soap and Cctiocba (ointment), and
in one week he was as good as ever.
Mrs. J. C. FREE3E, 860 So. Ist St., Brooklyn.
I noticed a Tery red roughness on my boy's
face. Doctors did no good. After using one
box and a ball of Ccticcba (ointment) and
Cuticcba Soap, he is entirely cured.
Mrs. W. G. LOVE, 1913 Wilder St., Phil*., Pa.
■ KftTIICDC To know that* warm b«th with Coti-
mOTKcKo CUKA SOAr, «nd a Ring l« i»online with
riITOMATDaTeit of emollient tkln cure., will .flbrdlo-
- « . .
RECOVERING BODIES FROM THE J. D. PETERS
Divers Were Employed Yesterday by the Chinese Consul to Bring Up the
Remains ol Mongolians Who Were Lost in the Sunken Steamer.
THE work of raising: the wrecked
steamer J. D. Peters is progress
ing very slowly. In consequence
the Chinese who have or think
they have relations in the hull of the
sunken vessel have become very impa
tient and so have made a move on
their own account. Wednesday even
ing they went to T. P. H. Whitelaw.
the wrecker, and secured his services
to recover the bodies. Captain White
law procured a permit from the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement
Company on the understanding that
he was not to begin the diving opera
tions until yesterday morning.
The wrecking schooner Catalina was
got ready by 3p. m. Wednesday. The
pumps and diving bells were put aboard
and as soon as the tug Liberty came
... tig, Captain Whiteiaw and Divers
Walter Page and E. H. Dolph got
aboard and a start was made. By the
time the wreck was reached it was
discovered that the representatives of
the Chinese Consulate were not
aboard, so the Catalina was anchored
near the Peters to await their arrival.
The Chinese crossed the bay on the
tug Millie and they remained aboard
the Catalina all night.
Early yesterday morning Dolph and
Page donned their diving suits and by
7 o'clock were o nthe lower deck of the
Peters. There they found every pas
sage way littered up with merchan
ace Car Company — was continued until
the next meeting of the board, to be held
November 23. The case of John R. Rob
inson went over until December 14.
Sunnyside Improvement Club.
The residents of Sunnyslde are deter
mined to have their section of the city im- [
JAPAN'S NEW ENVOY.
JKOMURA, the new Japanese Minister to this country, arrived her© on the
Belgic yesterday, and took apartments at the Palace,
i He was born in the little village of Mysaki, in the southern part of Japan,
and is about 50 years of age. His first visit to this country was in 1875, when he
passed three years at the Harvard Law School anl two years in a law office in
New York— returning to Toklo In 1880. His first official position in his own coun
try was in the Foreign Office, in which he was employed in various capacities
from ISB4 to 18S3. He was then appointed secretary to the Japanese Legation in
Peking, China, holding that office until the breaking out of the Chinese war, In
1894, compelled his return to Toklo. Serving there as Chief of the Political Bu
reau for about a year, he then went to Korea as special commissioner, remaining
there until 189€, when he was appointed Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs in Tokio,
which position he held until his appointment to hiß present office in September
last..
"What have you to say in regard to the relations between Japan and the Unit
ed States?" he was asked yesterday.
"As you well know," he replied, "the relations between the two countries^have
always been cf a most cordial nature, and I have not the least doubt that they
will so continue. The desire of my'countrymen is to Increase this friendly feel
ing and, also, to promote closer business relations. Regarding the Philippines?
The Japanese look with a friendly eye on every action of the American people."
Mr. Komura will leav* for Washington ou Sunday ev«nlns next.
THE SAST FTtAKCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1898.
disc, and had to force a way to the
Chinese quarters. In three hours they
only recovered three bodies. Then they
had to desist for a time, as the en
trance into the lower room, in which
most of the dead bodies are supposed
to be, was completely blocked.
The bodies that were recovered
seemed to have partly floated out of
the lower room by some means or an
other, and they were found against
the lower deck.
proved. A club with this object tn view
has been recently organized at Williams'
Hall, 22 Circular avenue, with the follow
ing officers: President, Gustave Schnee;
secretary, H. L. Bishop; vice-president,
John A. Johnson; treasurer, W. A. Mor
ralls. The principal object before the
club at the present time is to have Chen
The divers worked at high water,
• and the water being almost as clear
as crystal, it was possible to see them
at work every time they came from
under the deck, ttt was a weird
and grewsome sight as Diver
Dolph came into view with
the first body. He made his way
to the ladder holding the remains at
arm's length. In the same way he
felt his way up the ladder that was
over the side, and then when near the
surface he gave the corpse a push that
sent it to the surface in a fearsome
manner.
As the bodies were recovered they
.were made fast alongside the Peters
and will remain there until claimed
by the Coroner. Although there is
supposed to be $2000 in coin and other
valuables on the bodies no one at
tempted to touch them. During the
morning a boy named Prospero Zaro
picked up near the wreck a Chinese
waistcoat. In it was the certificate
of Lun Ho Wang, 726 Pacific street,
and it Is supposed to belong to one oi
the dead bodies recovered.
The chains for raising the J. D.
Peters were put under her yesterday.
Timbers for strengthening the hull
were taken over during the morning,
but they were not suitable and others
had to be procured. The barges are
to be placed alongside to-night, and
perhaps by this morning's tide the J.
D. Peters may be raised and floated
into shallow water.
cry street graded and placed in such con
dition as will enable the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railroad Company to put
down its double track along that line as
far as Ocean View. This company has
almost completed the reconstruction of
the entire line from the ferries to Thir
tieth street, and also to Corbett road on
the Eighteenth-street branoh. The further
work on the line out soutH will be pushed
as soon as Chenery street is made ac
ceptable by the property owners.
Trunks and Valises.
We have the largest stock of good
trunks and valises in the city. Our
new pocketbooks, bill books, letter and
card cases, chatelaine bags and lap tab
lets for the fall and holiday .trade are
here. Your name stamped In gold letters
free of charge on any of our fine leather
goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
SWIMMING AND DIVING.
Races That Will Be Hotly Contested
at Sutro's Baths on Sunday-
Afternoon.
On Sunday at Sutro Baths Georg© La
coste and F. Duran will swim seventy
five yards and Dan Green of Alameda will
endeavor to make a triple somersault af
ter leaving the trapeze before landing in
the water. The programme of racing
events is as follows:
60-yard dash, novice — R. Dodjre. I* Harper,
H. Kelly, H. Hliler, A. E. Klpp, B. Berry, R.
White, O. Adler.
100-yard dash. Juvenile— M. I* Green, J. Ben
sen, E. Bonfleld, N. Bensen. P. Levy, H. Web
ber, A. Beat, H. Dougherty. A. Hay, D.
Mackel, W. Dawsett, E. turn Suden, J. Bevlns.
Tub race for boys, 60 yards, two in a tub—
J. Bensen and R. White, C. Carrau and J.
Bevlns, B. Berry and D. Mackel.
Special 73-yard raca between George Lacosta
and F. Duran.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— N. Ben
sen, O. 6chulte, D. Green, A. J. Baker. R. B.
Cornell.
Ladles are Invited to visit our Art
Department during the opening to-day
and to-morrow, as it contains many ar
ticles, both useful and ornamental, sug
gestive of Christmas giving. Newman
& Levinson, 131 Kearny. See window
display. •
WrLL MAKE A FRESH START.
Adolph Feist Has Taken Advantage
of the New Insolvency Act.
Ailolph Feist filed a petition for volun
tary Insolvency In tho Unites States Dis
trict Court yesterday. His liabilities are
$161,000, with no assets. The debts are
mainly those of the old firm of Feist,
Frank & Co., which failed In this city
about twenty years ago. The creditors
are merchants In New York, San Fran-
Cisco and Boston. Many are dead, and it
is calculated that about three-fourths of
the debts are outlawed.
After the failure of his firm Mr. Feist
was employed for a number of years as
manager for the Emporium Commercial
Company, and since the consolidation of
that concern with the Golden Rule Bazaar
has been employed by the Central Light
and Power Company. He now Intends
starting In business, and has taken ad
vantage of the now insolvency law to set
tle the debts of the old firm of Feist,
Frank & Co.
Thanks Republican Watchers.
The executive committtee of the Affili
ated Republican Clubs of San Francisco
has returned thanks to the Republicans
who acted as volunteer watchers at the
poling places. The committee also thanks
the Republican State Central Committee
and the Union League Club. The memo
rial is signed by A. C. Perkins, Dawson
Mayer, Gaston Straus. M. S. Blackburn,
Frank H. Robinson, Frank D. Worth and
Hamilton J. Riggins.
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business men in next
Sunday's Call,
WILL TRY TO
REVOKE THEIR
CERTIFICATES
Marine Engineers Are
After New Citizens.
OBJECT TO BRITISH OFFICERS
HOPE TO SHOW THAT PERJURY
WAS COMMITTED.
Trouble Growing Out of the Ameri
can Registration of the Steamers
Victoria, Tacoma, Olympia
and Olengare.
The Marine Engineers' Association and
the Association of Master Pllotß of this
city are much exercised over the fact
that deck officers and engineers of the
four British steamers of the Northern
Pacific Company which have recently
been granted American register, were per
mitted to immediately take out naturali
zation papers. These papers enabled the
officers to obtain licenses and thus hold
their positions.
The local organizations assert that in
some cases these men, thirty-two in num
ber, were, up to three weeks before the
steamers were transferred, members of
the British Naval Reserve. Under the
Federal law the applicant must swear
that he has had his first papers two
years, and it is hard to reconcile this fact
to the situation of these British officers
just prior to their becoming citizens.
It Is alleged that one of the witnesses
who swore that he had known one of the
officers live years had been for three years
past In the Arctic. An affidavit to this
effect will be forwarded to Seattle and an
attorney has been employed to make a
test case In the hope of proving perjury
on the part of some of the witnesses. If
this can be done the licenses will be re
voked.
A striking feature of the case la the
fact that the vessels could have come
under the American flag long ago, but
their owners waited until they could get
a register that would enable them to ply
In the coast trade.
There is no criticism of the abilities of
the English officers, but the Americans
who follow the same calling emphatically
object to the manner in which they ob
tained the right to work under the Amer
ican Jack to the exclusion of natives. The
contest will be closely watched by sea
faring men on this coast.
The steamers in question are the Vic
toria, Tacoma, Olympia and Glengare,
250,000 FBEE BBEAKFASTS.
Here Is a new departure. Two hun
dred and fifty thousand breakfasts will
be given away free, which means that
a great treat is in store for many San
Franciscans. The H-O Company of
Buffalo, N. T., has consigned a train
load of cereals to their Pacific Coast
agents, Messrs. Wellman, Peck & Co.,
and they in turn have announced that
arrangements have been made with all
of the principal grocers of this city to
distribute free to-morrow (Saturday)
ninety thousand packages of H-O
Buckwheat, a package to be given to
each purchaser of one package of H-O
Oats (Hornby's Oat Meal). This will
be an opportunity of a lifetime. Every
family should order early from their
grocer, or his solicitor, as the offer is
good for to-morrow only. Each pack
age contains ample to supply a good
sized family, which means that two
hundred and fifty thousand people will
to-morrow enjoy a breakfast of good,
old fashioned buckwheat cakes, with
out any extra expense.
TTNITT CLUB LECTURE.
Professor David Starr Jordan on
"Race Development and the
Use of Stimulants."
The second of a series of three lectures
was delivered by David Starr Jordan, be
fore the Unity Club at the Second Unitar
ian Church last night, and a large audi
ence was charmingly entertained. The
subject was "The Effect of the Use of
Stimulants on Race Development." The
learned lecturer did not agree with some
temperance orators that drinking to ex
cess fastens the craving for drink on the
next generation by reason of the bodily
germ Deing constantly bathed in alcohol.
"'There is no evidence," said he, "to sub
stantiate the theory that the descendants
should follow in the footsteps of the an
cestors. The most sober men are pos
sessed of. children who are drunkards,
and there is no Increase of drunkards
through inheritance.
"The theory which pervades Ibsen's
writings that the Bins of the father are
visited on the children is true only in
part. The sins may be visited on the
children, but not through heredity. If
the nervous power is destroyed or im
paired in the mother by the excessive use
of stimulants the child will have less
vitality than It would possess under bet
ter conditions.
"Certain writers contend that the aleo
ALL AMERICAN MUSIC MISSIONARY.
William Armstrong Talks About tie Music and Musicians
of His Country.
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG, the Chicago critic and essayist, said some
sound, poignant things about American music and musicians yester
day afternoon in the Columbia Theater, when, in conjunction with
Fritz Scheel and the Symphony Orchestra, he gave an illustrated
lecture on the subject of "American Composers." Mr. Armstrong said that
in the creative arts of literature, painting and sculpture the American had
made himself felt, but that in the matter of musical composition he was
almost unheard and unknown, even in his own country.
This deplorable fact was not due to the inferior quality of American
music. Mr. Armstrong said, but to neglect and unappreciation at home
The American composer needed no favoritism. His work could stand on
Its own merits. What he needed was a hearing.
Mr. Armstrong was in favor of representing a native composer on
every concert programme given in America. The country that could pro
duce an Edward Alexander MacDowell need not blush for its native
music. There should be a patriotism in art as well as in war.
He dwelt on the varied color and circumstance of this country. ths
inspiration they held for the composer. He traced American music from
early Puritan times, through the old South and Foster's negro songs,
through the rebellion and its baiiie songs down to the present day,
dwelling with emphasis on the work of MacDowell, Foote, Chadwick and
Mrs. Beach.
He reviewed the great conductors— Thomas, Seidl, Damrosch— and the
great singers, and he advocated a national opera-house that would make
it to the advantage of the composer and performer to work together. He
said that It was not -ilecessary to go abroad to study musical composi
tion, that it was not necessary to go abroad for anything until all that Is
to be learned here had been learned. The American musician whose edu
cation had been entirely European was apt to lose the local, the national
feeling that should be the basis of his art. It was not provincialism he
favored but originality.
Mr. Armstrong was in earnest, and his talk was accomplished and au
thoritative, and enthusiastically attended by a cultivated audience.
The second movement of Mrs. Bt^ch's "Gaelic" symphony and the in
troductory "legend" of MacDowell's ."Indian" suite were among the "Il
lustrations" given by Mr. Scheel and the band. While the former selec
tion may not have definitely settled it that a woman can write a sym
phony, It at least revealed music of cumulative power and si sitive im
agery, and the MacDowell excerpt (owing to the non-arrival of*L*e MS. the
entire suite could not be given), with its facile orchestration and remark
able treatment of Indian themes, was, especially after Mr. Armstrong's
patriotic appeal, worth going miles to hear. The band was hardly up to the
regular season's form, but, nevertheless, Mr. Scheel managed to make the
readings delightful. ASHTON STEVENS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headquarters for boys' clothes. See the prices
Watch for the animals
The zebra Is creamy white marked regularly with velvety black
stripes. He is fierce and nearly untamable. .Inhabits the high craggy
mountain country of Southern Africa.
Boys' campaign
We make a specialty of clothes
for youngsters; have a big stock,
far the largest in town. You should
see it if you've a boy to clothe.
Inducements for you to come :
for boys four to fifteen years ; two piece
su its — coat and short pants. For the
older boys the coats are not braided but
have four pockets outside, one inside;
colors plaid, mixed brown, mixed grey,
grey and dark. For the four to nine
year old boys the reefers have wide
collars and braid of different widths.
These suits are not at all unusual in our stock either In •*
material or make, just the kind we sell every day— the induce-
ment is the price. Other days it is 53 and $3.50, but Friday,
Saturday and Monday it will be
$2A5
A Mt of cards with animal plclur«s free to every boy wbo ftsks-foMbam
ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
hollc vice means the raising 1 of the stand
ard of the human race inasmuch as lt«
tends to destroy those that are suscep
tible to its Influence. The cigarette habit
acted similarly by eliminating those who
indulged in the baneful practice."
The doctor traced the gradual disin
tegration of the French race who have
contracted the iniquitous absinthe habit
which is slowly undermining the constitu
tions of large numbers of its citizens.
The beer drinking of the Germans, he
said, caused a severe drain on the nervous
system, and that race was more or less
lacking in self control, in ability to act
in resisting power and athletic force. It
is probable, he continued, that we are
reaching the millennium through liquor
which will tend to work us to the dead
level of life, and the drink problem would
likely never be solved until the end came.
The subject for the third lecture next
Thursday will be "The Struggle Against
Drink."
Festival of Holidays.
The ladies of the Christian Endeavor
and Ladies' Aid Societies connected with
the First Christian Church on Twelfth
street, near Howard, presented a unique
entertainment last evening in the church
hall. It was termed "The Festival of
Holidays." The hall was prettily decor
ated for the occasion, the national holi
days being represented by eight booths,
at which small articles were disposed of
during the evening. The proceeds are for
the benefit of the church, of which Rev.
Frank S. Ford Is pastor. The committee
of arrangements was under the direction
of Miss Annie Presley and Mrs. Nash.
American Guild Jinks.
To-morrow night San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild will give a
grand links in the basement of Native
Sons' Hall. The committee that has
charge of the affair announces that it
will have a programme a yard long, and
that the best talent obtainable will en
tertain the audience.
liast Days of the Exhibition.
The annual fall exhibition of Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art and the thirty
ninth exhibition of the San Francisco Art
Association Is drawing rapidly to a
close. The last concert was held last
night In the California street home of the
in |i«rnor' Antonio O. Vargas, barytone,
from the Teatro Naclonal, Mexico, and
from El Tacon. Havana, made his first
appearance in California and scored an
instantaneous success. Other contribu
tors to the careiully selected programme
were: Miss Flora Howell, soprano; Miss
Grace Carroll, contralto; Albert A.
Greenbaum, clarJonetist; R. J. Harrison,
organist, and Emll Cruells, accompanist.
THREATENED BY A. AECHISTS.
Causa of Emperor William's Hasty
Return Home.
BETROTTT. Syria, Nov. 10.— It Is per-.
Bistently rumored here that the depart
ure of Emperor William and Empress
Augusta Victoria was hastened by tho
discovery of another anarchistic plot.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If "hP I £
I tvp.lt I O
FORFALL
A real bargain. Special for this
week. Ladies' Fine Dongola Kid
Lace Shoes, new coin toes and patent
leather tips, double soles, circular
vamps, and heel foxing; *n excep-
tionally good shoe, sold for^l.TS,
worth $2.50. All sizes, 2# to 8;
widths A to E.
Ladies' Full Vamp Foothold Rub-
bers, with broad, round toes, reduced
from 40c to 2Oc.
Men's Foothold Rubbers, 25c.
SPECIAL— A 16-page book of Views
of the Late War will be forwarded to
any one sending us the names ot 25
ladies residing in the counf ry.
Alaska Seal Shoes, L*e« or Congress. . .13 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork 501e5.... 8 M
Black Box Calf Shoes for . I 00
Country Orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalonia.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third. St., San Francisco.
DR. MEYERS <fc CO..
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
j^^yT"?H[rri TT* HESE SUCCESS-
1 t v 1 physicians
mßn&£s3i§ijJP*E6^L have the most exten-
pn f-p£f -p£* I 3~*<i S ,r glve pract f CB and
Wfv&f' "^3 latest and best
Ffeft^ . equipped medical ln-
%*Pzffl Kg Btitutlon on- the Pa-
43S^ ,- -cJS'fi&isßSk ctflc Coast. They hay*
ri*Jsft -'"■• Vs»Si*Sw£ I«*"3r1 «*"3r l 6uch confidence la
NlCref A^^y \^r^ their ability that
■ \*®.« P*"^^ .- Y^ they. will let the pa-
' \ Ke\. I X^m^Fh tlent deposit the prioe
%^9*Els%.l °* a cure ln an 5p5 p ban*
v||oltSSS| i4tfiBffm!t or with any business
-^^^^S^'iS^S^H^S - house or newspaper
ttae&fc^&B Hwtffifit^K^ In San Francisco, to
[20^^SHHH9(lM|Sf - be paid to them when
SS^fv the cure Is effected,
Upa ll^^^P^s^ or will take monthly
»gn**-. '-* : HI ■\y'° l **?\i Installments If tha
| Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
'-. • r : - v .-.■••■■'.. . Thousands cured at
home. . . Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. METERS & CO.. 731 Market
St., San. Francisco, Cal.
Wright's 1 Man VetßtaUe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used : them for '■ over forty years to cure
SICK HE ADACKE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. - Torpid '. Liver, - Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and purify. the blood. •
Crossman's Specific Mixture
With : this remedy perconß can cure them-
selves . without the least exposure, -change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of . the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist tor it.