VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 159.
DEWEY'S GLORIOUS VICTORY.
Steaming Past the Batteries at the Entrance to Manila, His War Cry;
"Remember the Maine," the Brave Commodore Destroyed the
Spanish Fleet in the East and Holds the City Now at His
Mercy-Story Told by a Herald-Call Staff Corre
spondent on the Spot.
THE AMERICAN FLEET ROUNDING CAVITE POINT.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
NEW YORK, MAY 7 .-THE HERALD
RESERVES ALL RIGHTS TO THIS DIS
PATCH AND FORBIDS ITS PUBLICA
TION, WITH OR WITHOUT CREDIT, FOR
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
fANILA, Philip
pine Islands,
Hongkong,May
7) —Not one
Spanish flag
- rtrvm flies in Manila
$&» -jr Bay to day.
•^(JkL* Not one Span
%■, ish warship
floats, except
as our prize.
More than 200 Spanish
dead and from to 700
wounded attest the accuracy
of the American fire.
Commodore Dewey at
tacked the Spanish position
at Cavite this morning. He
swept five times along the
line and scored one of the
most brilliant successes in
modern warfare.
That our loss is trifling adds
to the pleasure of the vic
tory without detracting from
its value.
The number of hits our
vessels received proved how
brave and stubborn was the
defense made by the Span
ish forces.
Miraculous as it may ap
pear, none of our men were
kiiled, and only eight were
wounded. Those who were
wounded suffered only slight
injury.
Commodore Dewey arrived
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAYB, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
At Least One Hundred and Fifty Spaniards Killed and
Two Hundred and Fifty-Six Wounded, While
Americans Lost Neither Man Nor Ship.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— Commodore Dewey's official report to Secretary Long consisted of
two dispatches— one from Manila and the other from Cavite— as follows:
''MANILA, May I.— The squadron arrived at Manila at daybreak this morning. Immediately
engaged the enemy and destroyed the foUowing Spanish vessels: Reina Cristina, Castilla,
Ulloa, Isle de Cuba, General Lozo, the Duero, Correo, Velasco, Mindanao, one transport and
the water battery at Cavite. The squadron Is uninjured, and only a few men were slightly
wounded. The only means of telegraphing is to the American Consul at Hongkong. I shall com
municate with him. DEWEY."
"CAVITE. May 4.— 1 have taken possession of the naval station at Cavite, on the Philippine
Islands. Have destroyed the fortifications at the bay entrance. Paroled the garrisons. I con
trol the bay completely and can take the city at any time. The squadron is in excellent health
and spirits. The Spanish loss is not fully known, but is very heavy. At least 150 were killed.
Including the captain of the Reina Cristina. J am assisting in protecting the Spanish sick and
wounded. Two hundred and fifty-six wounded are in hospitals within our lines. There is much
excitement at Manila. I will protect the foreign residents. DEWEY."
off Manila Bay last night and
decided to er^ter the bay at
once. With all its lights out
THE OFFICIAL REPORT.
the squadron steamed into
Boca Grande, with the crews
at the guns. . This was the
order of the squadron, which
was kept during the whole
time of the first battle :
The flagship Olympia.
The Baltimore.
The Raleigh.
The Petrel.
The Concord*
The Boston.
It was just 8 o'clock, a
bright moonlight night, but the
flagship passed Corregidcr
Island without a sign being
given that the Spaniards
were aware of its approach.
Not until the flagship was a
mile beyond Corregidor was
a gun fired. Then one heavy
shot went screaming over the
Raleigh and Olympia, fol
lowed by a second, which
fell farther astern.
The Raleigh, Concord
and Boston replied, the
Concord's shells ex
ploding, apparently, ex
actly inside the shore
battery, which fired no
more.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Our squadron slowed down
to barely steerage way and
the men were allowed to
sleep alongside their guns.
Commodore Dewey had
timed our arrival so that we
were within five miles of the
city of Manila at daybreak.
We then sighted the Spanish
squadron, Rear- Admiral Mon
tejo commanding, off Cavite
(pronounced Kaveetay, with
accent on "vee"). Here the
Spaniards had a well prepared
navy-yard, called Cavite ar
senal.
Admiral Montejo's flag was
flying on the 3500-ton pro
tected cruiser Reina Cris
tina. The protected cruiser
Castilla, of 3200 tons, was
mocred ahead, and astern to
the port and to seaward were
the cruisers Don Juan de
Austria, Don Antonio de Ulloa,
Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon,
Ouiros, Marquis del Onero2
and General Lezox.
These ships and the flag
ship remained under way
during most of the action.
With the United States flag
flying at all their mastheads,
our ships moved to attack in
line ahead, with a speed of
eight knots, first passing in
front of Maniia, where the
action was begun by three
batteries mounting guns pow
erful enough to send shells
over us at a distance of five
miles.
The Concord's guns bcomed
out a reply to these batteries
with two shots. No more
were fired, because Commo
dore Dewey could not en
gage with these batteries
without sending death and
destruction into the crowded
city.
As we neared Cavite
two very powerful sub
marine mines were ex
ploded ahead of the
flagship. This was at
six minutes past 5
o'clock. The Spaniards
had evidently misjudged
our position. Immense
volumes of water were
thrown high in the air
by these destroyers, but
no harm was done to
our ships.
Commodore Dewey
had fought with Farra
gut at New Orleans and
Mobile Bay, where he
had his first experience
with torpedoes. No t
knowing how many
more mines there might
be ahead, he still kept
on without faltering.
No other mines were
exploded, and it is be
lieved that the Span-!
iards had only these
two in place.
Only a few minutes later a
shore battery at Cavite Point
sent over the flagship a shot !
that nearly hit a battery in !
Manila, but soon the guns got i
better range and shells began |
'o strike near us or to burst j
close aboard, from both the;
.'hore batteries and the Span
ish vessels.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ++ + + f
' ♦ • ' . ♦
4 nwwr\rrv 4
! SPECIAL OFFERING j
\ - - FXDR - - ♦
♦ ' ' ' _ '. ♦
: . " — — ' ■ , I
♦ Oflflfl Yards of Best Quality Foulard Silks, t
4 £UUU in the very choicest designs and ♦
♦ colorings, full 24 inches wide, at ♦
♦ _ _ A YARD > >
♦ """ ■ "™" & v REGULAR $1.00 X
...•: :
j EXTRA! EXTRA! \
\ FOR THIS WEEK. X
4 ■ ♦
♦ I^^ A YARD-100 pieces of American Zephyr Ginghams, in ♦
4 f2 V beautiful plaids, fast colors. On sale at 12?* c a yard. •*
4 ♦
♦■ '(Op 1 A YARD— SOO pieces of 36-inch Percales, NEW STYLES, for X
♦ LCa\j2 waists; best assortment in this city. Atl2^cayard ♦
♦ ' ".-.-- 1 ■ .;.?'• •'. - • .' ..-f
4 >|Oip A YARD— 2OO pieces of i Fine Printed Dimities, in neat ♦
4 A^2^ designs, dainty colorings. On sale at 12^c a yard. ♦
4 - '■■ ■ ■ -- 4
♦ ■ -^ ■ .: ♦
i, '- _ . . ■ ■ - ■ ■■■■,♦'
t
■*.*. *" *^ *"*" t^^j 4 " -^^^y ;"^ •--'*' .^ "*" "^ "*"^ "*" "* * -\ * "*" "^"^ "^^"^^ *
CAPTAIN D. B. HODGSON, Commander of the
United States Dispatch Boat McCulloch.
NETHERLANDS
OUR FRIEND.
Copyright, IS9S, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
ROTTERDAM, May 7. — The
Netherlands Government has
seized the Norwegian steamer
Fram, with contraband salt
peter for Spain.
The men stripped off
all their clothing except
their trousers.
As the Olympia drew near
er to the Spanish fleet ail was
ias silent on board as if the
; ship had been empty, except
■ for the whirr of the blowers
and throb of engines. Sud
denly a shell burst directly
| over us. From the boatswain's
! mate of the after five-inch
■gun came the hoarse cry,
" Remember the Maine," and
! the chorus arose from the
throats of 500 men at the
guns. This watchword was
caught up in the turrets and
firerooms, wherever a seaman
or fireman stood at his post.
'Remember the
Maine!" had rung out!
for defiance and re
venge.
Is utterances seemed un
premeditated, but the thought
was evidently in every man's
mind, and now that the mo
ment had come to make ade
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 8, 1898.
DEWEY'S STANCH DISPATCH BOAT
The dispatch-boat McCulloch of Admiral Dewey's squadron, now famous in having carried the official news
of the capture of the Spanish fleet and the fall of Manila to Hongkong, thus relieving the suspense of the of
ficials at Washington, is a vessel of the gunboat type, and one of the mfcny able vessels in the fleet of Uncle
Sam's revenue cutters. Throughout the voyage, a distance of a trifle over six hundred miles, she kept up the
average speed of sixteen knots, steaming into the teeth of, a violent moi.soon for nearly one-half the voyage.
The McCulloch was built at Cramps, shipyard and launched in August last, and was on her maiden voyage
to this port when assigned upon her arrival at Hongkong to Commodore Dewey's fleet for service. She was
intended for service on the Pacific Coast, and eventually to relieve the revenue cutter Bear in the Arctic.
The dispatch-boat is 1280 tons burden and 219 feet long. Her armament consists of four 6-pounder Hotch
kiss guns; and she has a crew of sixty-two n^n. Her officers are all from the revenue cutter service and are:
Captain D. B. Hodgsdon, commanding; First Lieutenant D. P. Foley, executive officer; Second Lieutenant W.
W. Jaynes, navigator; Third Lieutenant R. Ridgeley, Third Lieutenant TV. E. Arlee, Third . Lieutenant John
Mcl; (dead), Chief Engineer F. Randall; Assistant Engineers Maccoun, William Meyers and H. Shoenborn.
quate reply to the murder of
the Maine's crew every man
shouted what v/as in his
heart.
The Olympia was now
ready to begin the fight.
Commodore Dewey, his chief
of staff Commander Lam
berton, an aid and myself,
with Executive Officer Lieu
tenant Reese and Navigator
Lieutenant Calkins, who
conned the ship most admir
ably, were on the forward
bridge. Captain Gridley was
in the conning tower, as it
was thought unsafe to risk
losing all the senior officers
by one shell.
"You may fire when ready,
Gridley," said the commo
dore, and at 41 minutes past
5 o'clock, at a distance of $000
yards, the starboard 8-inch
gun in the forward turret
roared forth its compliment
to the Spanish fortifications.
Presently similar guns from
the Baltimore and the Boston
sent 2^o-pound shells hurtling
toward the Castilla and the
Reina Cristina the accuracy
cf the aim being marvelous.
The Spaniards seemed en
couraged by this fire to fight
faster, knowing exactly our
distance, while we had to
guess theirs. Their ship and
shore guns were making
things hot for us. The pierc
ing scream of shot was varied
often by the bursting of time
fuse shells, fragments of
which would lash the water
like shrapnel, or cut our hull
and rigging. "
One large shell that was
coming straight at the Olym
pia's forward bridge fortu
nately fell within less than
ioo feet away. One fragment
cut the rigging exactly over
the heads of Lamberton,
Reese and myself.
Another struck the bridge
gratings in line with \K A
third passed just under Com
modore Dewey and gouged a
hole in the deck. Incidents
like these were plentiful.
Our men naturally chafed at
being exposed without return
ing the fire from all our guns,
but laughed at the danger and
chatted good humoredly.
A few nervous fellows could
not help dodging, mechanic
ally, when shells would burst
right over them, or close
aboard, or would strike water
and pass overhead, with the
peculiar spluttering roar made
by a tumbling rifled projectile.
Stil! the flagship steered for
the center of the Spanish line,
and as our other ships were
astern, the Olympia received
most of the Spaniard's atten
tion. Owing to our deep
draught Commodore Dewey
felt constrained to change his
course at a distance of 4000
yards and run parallel to the
Spanish column.
"Open with all the
guns," he said, and the
ship brought her port
broadside bearing. The
roar of all the flagship's
five-inch rapid - firers
was followed by the
deep diapason of her
turret eight-inchers.
Soon our other vessels were
equally hard at work, and we
could see that our shells were
making Cavite harbor hotter
for the Spaniards than they
had made the approach for
us.
Protected by their shore
batter es, and made safe from
close attack by shallow water,
the Spaniards were in a strong
position. They put up a gal
lant fight. The Spanish ships
were sailing back and forth
behind Castilla and their fire
was hot. One shot struck
the Baltimore and passed
clean through her, fortunately
hitting no one.
Another ripped up her main deck,
disabled the six-inch gun and ex
ploded a box of three-pounder ammu
nition, wounding eight men.
The Olympia was struck abreast the
gun in the wardroom by a shell which
burst outside, doing little damage.
The signal halyards were cut from
Lieutenant Brumby's hand on the af
ter-bridge.
A shell entered the Boston's port
quarter and burst in Ensign Dodridge's
stateroom, starting a hot fire, and fire
was also caused by a shell which burst
In the port hammock netting. Both
these fires were quickly put out.
Another shell passed through the
Boston's foremast just in front of Cap
tain Wildes, on the bridge.
After having made four runs along
the Spanish line, and finding the cart
incorrect. Lieutenant Calkins, the
Olympia's navigator, told the commo
dore he believed he could take the
ship nearer the enemy with the lead
going to watch the depth of the water.
The flagship then started over the
course for the fifth time, running with
in 2000 yards of the Spanish vessels. At
this range even the six-pounders were
effective, and the storm of shells poured
upon the unfortunate Spanish began to
show marked results. Three of the
enemy's vessels were seen burning and
their fire slackened.
On finishing this run Commodore
Dewey decided to give the men break
fast, as they had been at the guns
two hours -with only one cup of coffee
to sustain them.
The action ceased temporarily at
7:35 o'clock, the other ships passing the
flagship and cheering lustily.
Our ships remained beyond range of
the enemy's guns until 10:50 o'clock,
when the signal for close action again
went up.
The Baltimore had the place of honor
in the lead, with the flagship following
and the other ships as before. The
Baltimore began firing at the Spanish
ships and batteries at 11:16 o'clock,
making a series of hits as if at target
practice.
The Spaniards replied very slowly,
and the commodore signaled the Ra
leigh, Boston, Concord and Petrel to
go into the inner harbor and destroy
all the enemy's ships.
By her light draught th.c little
Petrel was enabled to more within
1000 yards. Here, firing swiftly but
accurately, she commanded every
thing still flying the Spanish flag.
The other ships were also doing their
whole duty anJ s">on not one red and
yellow ensign remained aloft cxc ;pt on
a battery up the coast.
The Spanish flagship and tho Castilla
had long been burning fiercely and the
last vessel to be abandoned was the
Don Antonio de Ulloa, which lurched
over and sank. Then the Spanish flag
on the arsenal staff was shelled down
and at 12:30 o'clock a white flag was
hoisted there.
A signal was made to the Petrel to
destroy all the vessels in the inner har
bor, and Lieutenant Hughes, with an
armed boat's crew, set fire to the Don
Juan de Austria, the Marquis Duero,
the Isla de Cuba and the Correo.
The large transport Manila and many
tugboats and small craft fell into our
hands.
"Capture or deßt-«v the Spanish
squadron," were Dewey's orders. Never
were instructions more effectually car
ried out. Within se-\ en hours after ar
riving on the scene of action nothing
remained to be done.
The following wounded, all on the
Baltimore:
Lieutenant F. "W. Kellogg.
Ensign N. E. Irwln.
Enlisted men: Barlow, Budinger,
Covert, O'Keefe,Ricclardelli and Snel
grove.
They were woundsd during the
first engagement.
HERALD-CALL CABLE
READ TO THE PRESIDENT
NEW YORK, May 7.—^. Washington
special to .he Herald says: "This is
the most satisfactory and complete re
port we have yet had from any source."
This is the observation of President
McKinley to-night after carefully read
ing with earnest attention every line
of the Herald's cable from its special
correspondent on board the flagship
Olympia, graphically and — telligently
describing the greatest n.val battle of
modern history.
President McKinley was in the Cabi
net room conferring with Colonel Hast
ings of Pennsylvania and Colonel Her
rick of Ohio when the text of the Her
ald's important cable was shown to
him. It was read aloud Ly Secretary
Porter.
President McKinley and his visitors
listened with almost breathless atten
tion to every word of the message, all
those present manifesting the great
pleasure and satisfaction they derived
from the Herald's news.
President McKinley was aware that
the Herald had a special correspondent
on board Admiral Dewey's flagship,
and he had been anxiously awaiting his
description of the battle for several
days. He had expected from the first
to receive the most full and authentic
information through the Herald, and
the oemarks he -r.de after hearing read
the report to-night showed that he was
not disappointed.
The Herald's dispatch was sent to him
in installments and after reading th«
first portion he eagerly requested that
the remainder be sent as quickly as
possible.
The President and his callers spent
considerable time in discussing the
great victory of Commodore Dewey, as
described by the Herald's special cor
respondent, and they were au warm in
their praise of the naval commanders
and men who participated in the great
battle and of the Herald's correspond
ent, who had so graphically described
the important event.
DECLARED WITHOUT
PARALLEL IN HISTORY
WASHINGTON, May 7.— The re
markable disparity between the casual
ties on the American and Spanish
ships, as shown by Dewey's reports,
was a source of special comment, and
the military attaches of one of the
embassies said such a disparity was
without parallel in history. How the
Spaniards could have lost 150 killed and
250 wounded, while the American loss
was confined to a few men slightly
injured, is regarded by the foreign ob
servers as clearly disclosing the utter
worthlessness of Spanish arms. The
Embassador of one of the great pow
ers said it showed that the guns of the
Spanish forts, as well as those on their
ships, were worthless, otherwise they
would have inflicted at least some mor
tality upon the American sailors.
"It recalls Solferino," said one. "At
that time France and Austria were at
war, but the range of the French guns
was longer than that of the Austrians.
That brought them together on unequal
terms, and the simple difference in the
length of the range of the French guns
determined the outcome of that battle.
So it was with Dewey. He not only
had the guns, but they had the mod
ern strength and destructiveness, while
the Spanish guns were antiquated and
guns only in name. It serves to show
that in the warfare of to-day a na
tion must have weapons of the most
modern pattern, else it is at a terrible
disadvantage, and its men are practi
cally at the mercy of an enemy having
all the latest appliances of destructive j
warfare. It is the lesson of Solferino
over again and this time Spain learns
it,"
Admiral Dewey cut the cable himself, I
and though he offers no explanation for !
doing so, it is believed his purpose was !
not only to prevent the Spanish Gov- |
ernor-General from communicating |
with his own Government, but also to
prevent the foreign Consuls at Manila
from interfering with his plans by cab
ling protests to their governments. He
made it impossible for them to sum
mon any war vessels to enforce the
protests they were expected to make
against the siege of Manila.
PANAY TAKEN
BY SPANIARDS.
MADRID, May 7.— An official dis
patch received here by way of Labuan,
an island and British colony six miles
from the coast of Borneo, says the
Spaniards have captured the island of
Panay, c-ne of the Philippine group,
which is said to have been the head
quarters of the insurrection against the
Jovernment of Spain. Panay, It Is al-
leged, was defended by 4000 insurgents,
and it is said 172 of them were killed
on the spot, . while : 500 others are re
ported to have been killed while re
treating. "•
L The Spanish official says that only
two Spanish - officers ' and seventy- two
soldiers were wounded, while Panay is
said to have been practically de
stroyed.
According to the Spanish official the
Spanish military operations at Panay
are looked upon as being "most import
ant for the pacification of the islands."
— ♦ .
SPAIN'S RECOURSE
IS POINTED 0"T
PARIS, May 7.— The Temps this aft
ernoon, commenting upon the situa
tion in Spain, says: "When the mo-
ment comes, and it cannot be far dis
tant, Spain must manfully make up
her mind to inevitably sacrifice and
seek directly through the United
States or by recourse to the good of
fices of the powers a solution of her
troubles compatible with her hon r as
well as conformable with the laws of
destiny."
Death of Engineer Randall.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— A cable
gram received from the commander of
the McCulloch states that Chief Engi
neer F. B. Randall died May 1. It is
supposed that his death was due to ex
citement during the battle.
Spanish Fleet at St. Pierre.
ST. PIERRE, Island of Martinique,
May B.— The Spanish Cape Verde fleet
arrived here last night.
British Cruiser at Sen Pedro.
LOS ANGELES, May ".—Her Majesty's
ship Imperieuse, Captain Charles Adair
commanding, hove Into sißht off San Pe
dro to-day and dropped anchor in the
outer harbar at noon. The bip man-of
war's visit proved a bonanza for San Pe
dro, as she dropped anchor to take on a
stock of fresh meats and other fresh pro
visions.
Santa Hosa Woman's Death.
SANTA ROSA. May 7.— A telegram was
received here to-day of the death in Ari
zona of a prominent woman of this city
Mrs. M. S. Pickett. for many years a'
teacher in the public schools of Santa
Rosa. The remains will be brought here
for interment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilk* and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAND STOCK
Spring and Summer
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Shirts, Etc.,
In All the Newest Ideas
At Low Prices.
EACLESOira
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
LOS ANGELES AND SACRAMENTO.
THEY CAN CURE
YOUR AILMENTS.
The man or woman who trifles with health
is courting death. The man or woman who
seeks the aid of a doctor who is not a master
of his profession is equally reckless. If you
consult the Enelish and German Expert Spec-
ialists of 731 aiarket street you will have the
benefit of the skill and experience of five of the
most prominent and successful physicians - in
California. They have cured your neighbors,
they can cure you. The methods of these live
physicians are matchless, their remedies are
never failing, and their terms and prices not
exorbitant. If your case is incurable they will
tell you so. and will not charge you anything
for their opinion.
Tne English »-•» German Expert Specialists
are incorporated under the laws of California
for $250,000, and now occupy the lar^c-pt and
hest equipped medical institution in the United
States.
Consultation and advice free on any disnase
or ailment at office or by mail. FKEE BOOK
FOR MEN OR WOMEN.
j ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 Market Street, Son Francisco.
Hours, 8 to 5. Evenings, 7 to S. Sunday?, 9 to 11.
~~~
6«3-" ( FINE TAILORING
•El fine tailoring
j£gy& • PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
Jliilm WORKMANSHIP, at .
ralPPir/ 25 per cent Less than Other
I WWM Tailors Charge, Go to
W joe nmm
/ ¥$*-. All Wool Suits to &join & r
/ it Order !rom *P 4>03
/ || •■ Pants from . . . J4 to $10
J*S(7**^*'^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
. ~ 844 and 846 Market St.,
ill 0 and 1 1 1 2 Market St. San Francisco.
COKE! COKE! COKE!:
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
YARD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Beale Street. j
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
WHY F»/\Y «p»
$1.75 OR &2, v\Tv>
: When you can gat a better light C^J&~' -^
COMPLETE FOR 75c #}|^,
At the 'Si |»/ \N
- METEOR INCAXDES- '/tjBTvS
CENT GASLIGHT CO.. "'/>W»
1300 Market at., corner Qt
-McAllister. -v- •
GRAND HOTEL X -- nt «-
linilU MUILL) ablins rooms to be
nAniO secured by corres-
|-'/\WJJ«-» pondence. and
I •* • » • >-'• Terms arranged.
Tariff-Plan can also
be obtained at. all Sleeping Car Agencies. •
Unique situation on the Grands Boulevards, i
the Place de I' Opera, the Rue Scribe, the Ru«
Auber. AH the Comforts of Modern Life. Lift'
all Night. Electricity Throughout. Post and'
Telegraph Office. Ticket Office for Theaters.
Special Carriage Service. Bathrooms. Hy-
drotherapy. 800 Rooms and Saloons. Sump-
tuous Apartments. ROOMS from 5 FRANCS.
Special terms for Families. Table d'Hote at
Separata Tables in the Salle dcs Fetes. Ona
of the Sights of the Capital. RESTAURANT
A LA CARTE DEJEUNERS, 5 FRANCS
DINNERS. 8 FRANCS (everything included).
Noted Cellars. v :-,'-*
THE GRAND HOTEL,
1 12 BOULEVARD DES CAPUCINES, PARIS.
g]Zf!! DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
fefiH Oms ; Five hundred reward for anycaaa
f* ■"» ! we cannot cure. This secret remedy
a I stops all losses In 2,4 hours, cures
JBfej BB Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
Rifl CmTT Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
Wiii liifcJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WO 'Hb fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
oaßfflEgS sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alia
for sale at 1073 1 * Market st., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
.t'^gffjteafefcvf*... tq I'i>i *ria » uon-poißonoaa
<'^H^^^%mß remedy for (Jouorrhcra, i
jSKtr tJCKEtr^JB Gl^et, Spermai rrhoea,
£BFW in I to 5 rtaT*.^ Whites, unnatural ilia- j
Mw Go*r«nte«d W charge«, or any inflamma-
gM»W sot to atrlciare. tion, irritatioD or ulcera- '
Prertnu con'.»gion. tion of raucous mem- ■
V[IX^rHEEvAN3 CHEMinM.Rp. branes. Non-astringent. '
l^L CIKCINMATI.O BBM *'»•«* b7b 7 I>rineKi3tJ».
TOrak U.S.A. j^B^ or Bent in P.lain wrapper,
•/xCwFV. -<aWM by express, prepaid, foi
. tI.OO. or 3 bottles, f2.75.
• r^Bgßß^ir' ■ Circular *«nt ou request,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE '. DA MIAN A . BITTERS, THE j
great Mexican remedy: gives health and.,
strength to the sexual organs. ja£aaaaife/jg;|FUTURE
OF THE
ISLANDS
Administration Perplexed
as to What Will Be Done
With the Philippines.
International Questions Raised
May Prove Difficult to Solve •
and Cause Trouble.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Washing
con correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: President McKinley and
Congress are face to face with the
question of what shall be done with
the Philippine Islands. Rear Admiral
Dewey's victory has completely broken
Spain's power over her former colony,
and the United States is responsible
far the government of the Islands per
manently, or until they are turned
over to some power capable of estab
lishing and maintaining a stable gov
ernment.
Until actually confronted with the
problem which now presents itself^ew
public men have given much thought
to its solution, and the consequence is
that few of them are now prepared to
express any decided opinion as to what
the policy of the Government ought to
be. The international questions raised
by the taking of the Philippines may
prove difficult of solution, and many of
the public men with whom I have
talked are of the o-pinion that it might
be more difficult for the United States
t<; let go of the islands than to retain
them. No one believes it will be prac
: give the islands back to Spain,
even in return for a heavy war in
nity.
Spanish rule in the Philippines was
: ottering- to its fall when Admiral
y utterly annihiliated it. Even if
could raise money enough to pay
the Indemnity she would be powerless
to re-establish her authority over the
rebellious inhabitants of the islands.
Any extension of the inlluences of one
pean nation in the Orient is re
ily by all the other
powers that it may prove to be imprac
ticable for the United States to turn
ta over to any European power
• dangerir.g a world-wide war.
I friction would probably be caused
country should permanently held
.irnis.
Tilt- authorities here understand very
well that Great Britain and Japan
would welcome the United States in the
Philippines. Japan is particularly anx
to have the United .States retain !
slands. The Japanese Government i
has taken a very strong ground against
any European nation obtaining a foot
bold in Chinese territory opposite the j
newlj possession of
and it is believed that with ;
the United States in pnssession of the
Philippines, just to the south of For
:• sa, the Japanese position would be
tly strengthened.
Ir is foreseen that if the United
States is to retain the islands it means
his country is to pursue a com- j
merciaJ and financial policy along the j
same lines as those c-f Great Britain, j
and that its natural tendency would;
be to lead to an alliance between the
1 States, Great Britain and
Japan. It is no wonder, with all these
perplexing problems and possibilities
thrust upon them, that public men are
: ■ in making un their minds as to
olicy which this country ought to ;
pursue. When I called on Senator i
: of Minnesota, chairman of the '
Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions, this afternoon, I found him hard :
iit work in his library with a table full
of t ks and maps relating to the Phil
e Islands and the Orient. The
r talked interestingly about the
Islands, their inhabitants and their re
is, but he asked to be excused j
from saying at this time as to what
the policy of the United States should
regard to them. He said he had j
not been able to- make up bis mind
fully on the question up to the |
ent." and* owing to his omcial position,
he thought it would be unwise for him
to express any hastily formed opinion:
for publication.
Representative Pearson of North
Carolina, one of the Republican mem- ;
hers of the House Committee on For- j
eign Affairs, said to me: "I do not be- I
lieve that the United States Govern- j
rr.ent will hold the islands any longer
than may be necessary to secure pay
ment of a war indemnity from Spain, j
One thing of which I am firmly con- j
] is that the events of the past ten j
will insure the building of the '
,;guan canal."
■'or J. B. Foraker of Ohio said:
pinion there is but one course
and that is a very simple one,
raise the stars and stripes over the j
Islands and keep thorn there. We have j
come by them fair and honestly enough.
i ow that we have them it would;
be foolish to give them away. They,
are worth far more to us than we could I
ever get for them and the sooner this
country realizes that it is a power
ig the nations of the world and
colonial possessions the better." j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7. !
Consultation— FßEE.
\ <n-Y?l& OT/fflfi ft f OUR SPECIALTY— Crown and Bridge
V WY V\ A/ J%f Work and PAINLESS. EXTRACTION.
>AjS\ V\Vv /* /If -f/*b The ..Clinic .Is ■ always ahead in Advanced
Vs^£^^^fs?S§!\ • 'V 9&. Dentai Science. No, Students Employed.
*v — *_ff ylt^T- . For the Nexi 30 Days Our Prices Will Be :
r "*m W//%MmL^ ■•■■■ ' -. • FULL SET OF TEETH for .....$450 up >
—XXHS^nn ¥{% / -'-^'' / .*-V-£'!/frUl- TH GOLD CROWNS, 22k..:.........:.......-.. 3 50 up
•— TVE U\f £$:'■;'■>' f&M. AtkJHIS. BRIDGE WORK. per. tooth „... 350 up
" • <#Mi'i«(l\ "X.- SILVER F1LL1NG........... 25c up
'- K^/WA J%=''\x YoU<^ J^Tir-" : " : ""'""- B«
.X W> % yt I Extracted A Physician Always in Attendance.
Tr r T U l/ JL lof FX Hh»2 cm skilled operators-lady attendant
TEETH HI ..,§? § r R^^S PHONE DAVIS 654. ■ - 5
WITHOUT PAIN. • ■.. DR. T. E. STRONG.
Office Hours— a.'m- to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 a. m. to ip. m. 4
NEW YORK. May 7.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Intense enthusiasm and
serene satisfaction was expressed by
the officials in Washington to-day at
the character of the news received from
Manila. Practically unhampered as he
was by instructions from Washington
and acting under a plan of campaign
prepared by himself Admiral Dewey's
victory reflects all the more credit upon
himself. It is true that Assistant Sec
retary Roosevelt several months ago
urged that when hostilities commenced
with Spain the Philippines be taken,
and that the War Board give con
sideration to the matter, which culmin
ated in the instructions to Admiral
Dewey.
These instructions were general in
character, and it can be stated on au
thority that they directed him to steam
at once to the Philippines and capture
and destroy the vessels of the Span'sh
fleet before attempting to engage in
operations against the fortifications.
But it was Admiral Dewey's plan that
caused him to enter the harbor in the
gray of morning that brought on the
engagement when the Spaniards were
naif asleep.
In wiring to Dewey informing: him
that the President had promoted him to
be an "acting admiral," and that ha
would recommend a vote of thanks
from Congress, Secretary Long evi
dently meant "acting rear-admiral."
There is no authority in law for the
appointment of an admiral, rear-ad
miral being the highest grade recog
nized. By directing Admiral Dewey to
assume the rank and titie of that grade
he has made that officer the senior offi
cer of the naval service, an enviable
position to hold.
Although an acting admiral. Admiral
Dewey will hot draw the pay of that
grade, that being prohibited by law,
and the only reward he will get out of
his act for the present, at least, will
be the rank and title and the knowledge
of the gratification felt by the adminis
tration and the country at his glorious j
work.
From the President down to the mes
sengers in the Navy Department pa
triotic gratification is felt at the re
sult of the Philippine campaign. Many
prominent public men called upon the
chief executive to-day and congratu
lated him on the triumph of the Ameri
can arms in the far east, anJ to each
of them the President expressed his
heartfelt satisfaction and gratitude to
the officers and men of the entire Asi
atic squadron for the -bravery, skill and
judgment displayed during the entire
attack.
Secretary Long was also the recipi- ,
ent of many congratulations, and at I
the instance of Senator Mark Hanna, !
who listened with the newspaper men
and department employes to the read
ing of Dewey's dispatches this morn- i
ing, three hearty cheers were given for j
the admiral and for the brave men who
by his direction have destroyed the j
Spanish power in the Philippines. In
order that there might be no doubt of
Admiral Dewey's dispatches promptly
reaching the department I understand
that duplicates were sent over two
cable lines and they came to the de- j
partment early this morning and ne
cessitatftd double work for Lieutenant
H. H. Whittlesey and Lieutenant G. W. j
Logan, the cipher experts who are on j
duty in the Bureau of Navigation.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt made
this statement to me this afternoon: i
"Admiral Dewey has won a victory
greater than any since Trafalgar, with !
the exception of Farragut's. It is one ;
of the greatest sea fights of all time,
and every American is Dewey's ad- j
mirer. The chief thing .that it shows is
the absolute necessity, even with the '
new engines of war themselves, to have
men in the conning towers and men be- !
hind the guns trained to the highest |
possible point. Though the American
fleet was superior to the Spanish, yet
the Spanish batteries and the danger
of navigating the bay made material j
odds against the Americans, yet so cool j
; . ■: daring was Dewey, so skillful his,
captains and so well-trained his gun- j
ners that the Spaniards were smashed
to atoms, while our people were prac- |
tically unscratehed. In fact the Ameri
can fire was so overwhelming that it
practically paralyzed the Spaniards."
Members of the war board besides As- j
sistant Secretary Roosevelt gave to Ad- ,
miral Dewey the entire credit for the !
glorious victorymhe won.
"It is a most complete and glorious
victory," said Rear- Admiral Sioard, :
president of the board. "Manila being!
the key to the islands and the center.;
of the Spanish force and under his !
control, he will have no difficulty in I
holding it until troops arrive."
Captain A. S. Crowninshield, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, who most
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 189 8.
JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
The Herald=Call Special Correspondent Who
Saw and Describes the First Modern
Naval Battle.
Admiral Dewey Pays a High Compliment to the Efficiency of the
War News Service of Two Great Newspaper
Allies.
NEW YOKK, May 7.— The following cablegram contains the highest compliment possible to be paid to
the Herald-Call's war news ttureau:
HONGKONG, May 4.
"To the Editor of the Herald: I wish to congratulate the Herald on having foreseen the drift of
events and upon having detailed staff correspondents to report the navy news on this station.
Commodore Dewey refers to the Annapolis graduates and the trained journalist sent from New York
to join Dewey's fleet to report this engagement. His report was filed at Hongkong and sent as soon as^ the
Government report had been put through.
RUMORED
BATTLE ON
THE ATLANTIC.
MADRID, May 7.— A private
dispatch from Gibraltar says it
is rumored there that the Span
ish and American squadrons
have had an engagement in the
Atlantic, resulting in favor of
the Spanish fleet.
strenuously urged that Dewey be sent
against the Philippines some months
' ago and who recommended to Secre
i taVy Long the selection of that officer
' as commander-in-chief of the Asiatic
squadron, said: "I am delighted The
victory was all we could have hoped
for Now that we have the Philip
i pines, I hope we will keep them.
"It is a big thing, a glorious victory,
said Captain A. S. Barker, another j
member of the war board, "and it is a
I case of the early bird catching the
worm. Admiral Dewey got there early
in the morning and surprised the Span
iards His passage of the barriers at
' the entrance of the bay was a daring.
I brilliant act. and his sudden appearance
1 off Cavite undoubtedly demoralized the
'> enemy Had he waited until noon be
! fore commencing his attack, when the
; Spaniards were prepared he would un
i doubtedly havo had more difficulty in
! encompassing their defeat than he did.
i Controlling as he does, all fortifications
, the harbor and of the city, ho will
be able to hold all he has gained with
out trouble until reinforcements come
to his relief."
Fxpecting to learn from the Manila
engagement, the whole naval world
had its eyes fixed upon the Philip
nines In view of the report made by
Admiral Dewey that none of his ves
sels was injured it is considered doubt
ful in naval circles that much infor
mation car. be obtained.
"We know," said a naval expert,
"what the effect of a modern shell is
on fortifications, and the vessels which
Admiral Dewey's ships destroyed wc-re.
all of the construction of ten to twenty
years ago. The fact that none of his
ships wore injured shows conclusively
one ' thing— that the Spaniards were
very poor gunners."
FIELD DAY FOB ATHLETES.
San Jose High School Defeats Uni
versity of the Pacific.
PAN JOSE. May 7.— The San Jose Hiph
School and the University of the Pacific
hold a joint field day at Agricultural
Park this afternoon, resulting in a vic
tory for the former by a score of S4 to G2
points. The summary follows:
Half mile bicycle race— Johns won, Durbln
second. lime. l:05 2-:>.
One mile bicycle race— Fair won, Johns sec
""lOO-yaro^'-Ush-H. Hamilton won. Black
Be Twel've-i.Mi e nd' shot put— Hyde won, Topham
second. Distance, 41 feet 7 Inches.
DEWEY'S VICTORY
A TRIBUTE TO THE
AMERICAN NAVY
Rear Admiral Gherardi Says It
Demonstrated Courage and
Efficiency.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Rear-Admiral
Bancroft Gherardi, 'retired, said to
day:
"The greatest tribute to the courage
and efficiency of the United State?
navy was paid when the Spanish fleet
was destroyed by the guns of Commo
dore Dewey's squadron. That victory
is a practical demonstration and an
additional proof, if any be needed, that
the great advantages in naval action
are things pre-eminently possessed by
our navy: First, the high efficiency of
the drill of our men; the constant
training they have had in target prac
tice, and the fact that they have been
taught that the guns aboard ships are
not there to be looked at, but to be
used, and that the deadly execution
they are capable of doing is possible
only by the men's efforts.
"The victory at Manila was full and
complete. It would have been impossi
ble to exceed or add to it in any way.
"What fs Dewey's achievement? He
steams into Manila Bay at the dead
hour of night . through the narrower of
two channels and as soon as there is
daylight enough to grope his way
about he puts his ships in line of bat
tle and brings on an engagement, the
greatest in many respects in ancient
or modern warfare. The results are
known the world over — every ship in
the Spanish fleet destroyed, the harbor
Dewey's own, his own ships safe from
the shore batteries, owing to the strat
egic position he occupies, and Manila
his whenever he cares to take it.
"Quick and decisive was the blow. He
did not wait to attack the weaker
place, but struck home, unmindful of
unknown dangers that lurked about
him. Although he knew that the har
bor of Manila was so deep and broad
that he had little fear from mines or
torpedoes at the entrance, he was, of
course, aware that at some part of the
bay destruction awaited him. Yet he
Pole vault — Bassett won, Balentyne second,
Heicht 9 feet ij inches*.
Half mile race — Steeves won, Smith second.
Time. 2:17 4-"..
(me rattle walk— Balentyne won, Jones sec-
Hroa'l jumi-— Tnpham won, Narramore sec
ond Distance, 19 feet IV. Inches.
One hundred and twenty yard hurdle—Gra
ham and Cutbbertaen divided first and second
Dolnta from mistake in starting. Time, :18.
Two hundred nnd twenty yard dash— Black
won. H. Hamilton second. Time, :23 4-5.
took the risk, the same as his famous
predecessor and teacher, Farragut,
who, at Mobile, when he saw one of
his ships blown up by a torpedo and
another rapidly nearing destruction,
said: 'Go ahead. Captain Drayton.
D n the torpedoes.' What his pu
pil's language was we do not know, but
he certainly lived up to precepts laid
down by the then greatest naval hero.
"Another point which his victory em
phasizes is that aggressive superiority
means much in naval warfare. In that
quality Dewey was unmeasurably su
perior to his opponents. His attack
was fairly a storm.
"Another feature that should not be
lost sight of in recounting this deed of
bravery is the fact that he was handi
capped woefully in maneuvering. Of
course one of the first things done at
Manila by the Spanish authorities was
to remove from the harbor all guides
to commerce, such as lights and buoys.
This having been done, it would have
required the lyghest grade of intelli
gence to make use of the limited pail
ing directions left in the hands of his
navigating officers. Yet had he been
maneuvering his squadron in New
York harbor under friendly eyes he
could not have been more skillful in
avoiding treacherous shnnls than he
was at Manila. During the period of
the engagements his ships were con
stantly moving, yet never went amiss.
"The lesson in this, as naval experts
will take It. is that In a wide harbor
an opposing fleet once past the forti
fications may retire at any time out of
range of the shore guns and recuper
ate.
"It has been a mooted point among
naval architects — the advantage of
v.fKidwnrk inside ship as compared with
other compositions. The question was
only partially decided by the Yalu bat
tle. I think the Manila fight has con
clusively settled it. The destruction
wrought by flying splinters aboard the
Spanish ships was, from all accounts,
fearful."
One mile run— Steeves won, Potter second.
Time, 5:"0.
Hi*h jump— Topham won, Narramore second.
Height, 5 feet 1 inch.
Twelve-pound hammer throw— Topham won.
Van Sickle second. Distance. 107 feet 7 inches.
Four hundred and forty yard dash— R. Ham
ilton won. Black second. Time 1:00.
Two hundred and twenty yard hurdle— Plank
won, R. Hamilton second. Time. :31 2-5.
Relay raee^ one mile— Eight men on each
side—Won by Hi*h School, University of the
Pacific second. Time, 3:25.
TO SEND
THE MEN
AT ONCE
Troops Will Be Dispatched
to Aid in Holding the
Philippines.
Ten Thousand Regulars and Vol
unteers to Be Hurried to the
Islands in Transports.
NEW YORK, May 7-— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Troops will be ient imme
diately to assist Acting Rear Admiral
Dewey in holding the Philippines. As
soon as the official report from Dewey
had been changed from cipher to Eng
lish the President, Secretary Lori" and
Secretary Algtr had a long consultation
at the White House. Admiral Dewey
says he needs men, and it was decided
that all the men he wanted should be
given to him.
Immediately upon Secretary Aider's
return to the War Department he had a
conference with Adjutant General Cor
bin and Major General Miles and the
number of troops to be sent to Manila
was definitely decided noon.
I am told that the expedition will
leave S^n Francisco some day next
week and make all possible haste to
Manilla.
The quartermaster general of Califor
nia has already engaged the necessary
transports for 10,000 men. He wired
the department to-day that all ships be
longing to the Panama and Pacific Mail
Steamship lines had been put at the dis
posal of the United States. These are
all splendid vessels and are capable of
making very fast time.
Major General Miles says that he can
easily get in perfect organization and
ready for service 5000 men in a period
of five days. In five days more We feels
assured that 5000 more troops will be
in condition to leave San Francisco.
The War Department is very desirous
to get the men oft to Manila as soon as
possible, as in all probability the expe
dition will leave in two divisions of 5000
troops each.
Bepresentntives from all branches
of service will be sent off to the Phil-
ippines, s the Government feels sure
that there will be a great deal of ac
tual fighting.
Cavalry, infantry' and both heavy and
light artillery will leave San Francisco
for the purpose of assuring an American
victory at Manila and in the surround
ing islands of the group.
It is the purpose of President Mc-
Kinley to drive all the Spaniards from
the Philippines. Owing to the need of
some heavy artillery tftl of the Third
Regiment on the Pacific Coast will not
be removed to Manila, but I am told
that two batteries of this regiment will
be sent. Four companies of the Four- '
teenth Infantry have been recalled from
Vancouver barracks to San Francisco
and will surely be sent with the expe
dition.
It is understood other troops to go
to Manila will be taken from the vol
unteer quotas of California, Washing
ton. Oregon and Nevada. Two of the
four batteries of the artillery regiments
and two regiments of infa try in Cali
fornia's quota will be a part of the ex
pedition. Washington will furnish one
regiment of infantry. Nevada will send
all the cavalry that will go to Manila.
There is some talk that Torry's mounted
delegation will be with the command of
General Merriam. It has Iso been de
cided to send Shoup's Ranger.; from
Idaho.
The coast of California will be left
amply protected. Three troops of the
Fourth Cavalry now at San Francisco
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
ThuTalaska exploration co.,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trad©.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
T_.EJE!T_..AJ>T-A-"W,
Al 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 3000 Tons,
First Sailing = = JUNE sth.
DIRECT TO-^- — -
DAWSON CITY •
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST. MICHAEL
With Our Fleet of New River Boats. Now in Alaska.
7 Through CBl'^ Ct^S P° First-Class
Tickets, «P-*2O^# -—— Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE— NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
Lowest Rates to Any : Point on Route. Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound.
Special Rates for Other Points on the River.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. ', _ * - LETTERS OP CREDIT, !
No Fee Charged to Passengers.
tar Vessels now loading ; for ST. MICHAEL, . ' Boats, • Machinery and i
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own .Warehouses, , Wharf. . ,
Lighters and Towboats. ... • *-
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES, i
139 POST ST., S. F. LIEBES BUILDING. ;
will relieve two batteries of the Third
Artillery and will do duty in the coast
defense fortifications. These men with
two batteries left from the volunteer
quota, it is considered, will be suffi
cient defense for the coast.
Having been advised by Admiral
Dewey that he is in need of ammuni
tion, it is proposed by Secretary Lonjf
to send him a supply without delay.
The entire destruction of the Spanish
fleet makes it unnecessary for a man
of-war to be sent as convoy to the
troops, and if it should be found that it
will take quite a good deal of time to
collect the number of trooos that are re-,
quired for the service in the conquered:
islands the Charleston will probably be
ordered to take a deckload of ammuni
tion aboard and sail at once for Manila.
Under direction of Captain O'Neil
ammunition for the Asiatic squadron is
being put up at Mare Island navy yard.
I learned to-day that the Carpenter
Steel Company had sent a large number
of projectiles to Mare Island, and these
will be put aboard the Charleston at
once.
"Although none of our men are
badly wounded," said Surgeon Stern
berg to me to-day, "it is still the inten
tion of the department to send out a
large supply of medical necessities.
The surgeons on board the vessels have
probably used a great deal of their
equipment in attending to the wounded
prisoners. It is therefore necessary to
replace that which has been tal. n. and
the City of Peking will convey suoolies
to Manila."
Naval Constructor Capps, with a
score of mechanics, will also go to Man
ila i:i accordance with the original pro
gramme. It is believed by the depart
ment that it will be well to attempt to
repair some of the Spanish vessels,
which will be kept for defense of the
islands.
Prompt measures were taken to-day
to send coal to Admiral Dewey's fleet.
Orders were placed with San Francisco
agents to send two shiploads of coal to
Manila. The work of placing the coal
on board the colliers is to commence at
once under the contract made, and the
ships are to proceed as rapidly as pos
sible to their destination. By taking
this prompt action the administration
believes it will be able to prevent Ad-
miral Dewey from experiencing any in
convenience arising from lack of fuel.
FARRAGUT'S MANTLE FALLS
ON DEWEY'S SHOULDERS
At a Banquet Rear Admiral Belknap
Speaks of the Brilliancy of
the Victory.
BOSTON, May 7. — At the banquet of
the Massachusetts Club to-night Rear
Admiral Belknap said the brilliancy of
Commodore Dewey's victory filled him
with gladness, and he declared that the
Spanish navy would be, or should be,
the objective point of the United States
navy, and the destruction of that navy
the sternest aim of our navy.
He deprecated the unwillingness of
Congress in times of peace to make any
appropriations for the navy. He highly
praised Commodore Dewey, and said
that if the official story of his doings
at Manila confirms the report of hia
victory there it will show that Farra
gut's mantle of resolution and bravery
has fallen upon a most worthy and in
trepid successor.
34
SENOR MORET
HAS AVERTED
THE CRISIS
Eloquent Assertions That
May Keep the Minis
ters in Power.
In the Cortes Deputy Mella Quotes
From the Scriptures and Is
Expelled in Disorder.
I Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, May 7. — Only a few
hours have elapsed since Senor Moret
made his defense of the Government's
policy, yet the change in public opin
ion is enormous. Yesterday morning
people were discussing when the min
istry would fall. To-day they are
asking themselves what they would
gain if it did. The answer pretty
generally is "Nothing."
Among members of the Cortes
there is now a pronounced feeling
that a Cabinet crisis must be averted
at all costs. This is certainly due to
the influence of Senor Moret's decla
ration. He adroitly disarmed the op
position by pointing out that the Lib
erals' autonomist policy was the only
logical development of the reforms
■which the late Premier Canovas had
begun. He proved that their policy
could not be called a failure, seeing
that even before the Cuban Parlia
ment assembled commerce had been
re-established, the insurgent insur
rectionary nucleus diminished, culti
vation of tobacco and sugar had be
gun again and customs duties in
creased up to the day the blockade
began. The fair-minded among Gov
ernment opponents are forced to ad
mit that these successes were quite
enough to justify the confidence of
the Cabinet in the belief that war
could be averted.
Then he utterly routed the in
transigeants by holding up for ex
amination what these latter have
been calling the Government's want
of foresight, and what he called fatal
ity.
"It is not through want of fore
sight." he said, "that Spain has only
sixteen million inhabitants and the
United States seventy million. It is
not through want of foresight that
the base of operations is so far from
the United States and so near to
them. Where is our navy? We have
one fleet in the Philippines, another
in Cuba and others in the peninsula,
the Canaries and the Balearic Isl
ands."
This plain speaking staggered the
Cortes. Senor Moret then made a
merciless onslaught on the Carlist
minority, and with a fervent appeal
to patriotism won an oratorical vic
tory, materially strengthening the '■
Government's position, besides re
habilitating himself in the opinion of
the public. With singular dialectical
skill he made it absolutely necessary
for Congress to speak its mind as to ;
whether war shall continue or be j
AS TOLD BY
SPANIARDS
The Reported Chase of a
Schooner Into Ha
vana Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Calt
HAVANA, May 7.— At 8:30 o'clock
.this morning two American cruisers
•which were pursuing the Spanish
schooner Santiago, bound for Yucatan,
■with salted fish, approached the Vedado
batteries, which fired at them when
about five miles off shore. Six shots
were discharged at the Americans. A
local paper says that one of the pro
jectiles carried off the smokestack and
one of the masts of the American cruis
er which was in the lead, and that
another projectile fell upon the deck
of the other cruiser.
The Americans replied with twelve
shots, but the projectiles fell two miles
off the batteries and the cruisers re
treated under full steam. One of the
shots from the batteries fell near one
of the American vessels, covering her
deck with water and it is asserted posi
tively that a hole was made in her hull
below the water line.
The San L,azaro Vedado was full of
people watching the encounter through
opera-glasses and applauding the fir
ing of the Spaniards.
At 11:30 o'clock the Santiago entered
the harbor in tow of the Susie. One of
*the American scouts carried off a boat
from the schooner's stern. It is re
ported that one of the cruisers was so.
damaged that she will be towed to Key
West. She will probably leave to
morrow.
The Lower House of the Colonial
Parliament was definitely organized
to-day. The ceremony was a solemn |
one. The members of the Chamber
took the oath kneeling before acrucifix,
and with their hands on their hearts \
swore fidelity to the constitution of
Spain and to maintain her sovereignty,
and pledged themselves to aid the Gov
ernment to the utmost of their power.
The Senate will be organized on Mon
day. ___
Idaho Beady With Troops.
BOISE, Idaho, May 7. — Governor
Isteunenberg received a dispatch from
(Senator Shoup saying he was advised
'that Idaho troops would probably be
ordered to Manila. The Governor re
plied that the troops could be ready to
move in a week.
stopped when it can be done oppor
tunely. All interest, therefore, cen
tered around the action of the Cortes
to-day when the Chamber of Deputies
witnessed the most uproarious scenes
[ in the annals of the Cortes.
Senor Mella, a Carlist Deputy, first
censured the Government for not
making an alliance with France and
Russia, and severely denounced the
scheme of autonomy, which, he as
serted, far from averting war, had
provoked it. He declared that Presi
dent McKinley's messages were full
of insults, which the Spanish Govern
ment had tolerated. He said that
Senor Moret, the Minister of the Col
onies, who was at fault, was obliged
to be escorted when he goes into the
streets, while Lieutenant-General
Weyler is obliged to hide himself ow
ing to public ovations. Senor Mella
then quoted from Isaiah iii : 12 : "As
for my people, children are their op
pressors, and women rule over them.
O, my people, they which lead thee
cause thee to err, and destroy the way
of thy paths."
Vehement protests were entered,
and Senor Sagasta cried: "Such utter
ances were never heard inside this
house."
Mella replied that he meant if ,
peace were obtained through the
mediation of the powers, it would be
a dishonor to Spain.
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, sup
ported by a majority of the Chamber,
protested amid great confusion
against Senor Mella's language. The
Bepublicans sided with the Carlists.
The Speaker requested Senor Mella to
withdraw his words, but this the
Deputy refused to do, saying that
they were Scriptural.
The President named Senor Mella
thrice, declaring that his refusal to
withdraw the language he had used
was disrespectful to the reigning
dynasty, and submitted the question
of the expulsion from the Chamber
of tb.3 offending member. A division
was taken amid a terrible uproar, re
sulting in the expulsion of Senor
Mella by a vote of 199 to 19, the Re
publicans voting with the Carlists.
Upon the announcement of the re
sult, both the Republicans and Carl
ists walked from the Chamber. The
Carlists declare they will not return
unless Senor Mella be readmitted.
The President of the Chamber ex
plains that the expulsion applies only
to to-day's sitting.
The :-icid<?nt created intense ex
citement both inside and outside the
chamber.
M'CORD EAGER
FOR THE FRAY
The Governor of Arizona
Wants to Fight in the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, May 7.— Governor McCord
to-day wired to President McKinley of
fering his services to go to the Philip
pines. The announcement created the
greatest surprise, for, although the
Governor had shown great activity in
making- war preparations, his friends
were not aware of his personal ambi
tion to go to the front.
Governor McCord served in Congress
from a Wisconsin district some years
ago, and during that time became inti
mately acqainted- with the President.
Subsequently, in 1893, he moved to Ari
zona and took an active part in local
politics. His appointment as Governor
of Arizona was due in a great measure
to the friendly relations between him
and the President. For this reason it
is generally thought the request of
Governor McCord will be received fav
orably at the White House, and, in all
probability, complied with.
Governor McCord is a veteran of the
late war, and is over 60 years of age.
His message to the President is as fol
lows:
I would like permission to raise and
lead a regiment to go to the Philippines
or elsewhere. I could use the National
Guard, comprised of 600 well-drilled and
well-o"fficered men, and the balance could
be enlisted quickly. The National Guard
could soon be replaced. There would be
absolutely no danger to the Territory by
this, as with regular troops and militia
and many organizations of minute men
and home guards now organized absolute
protection is guaranteed. If given per
mission to raise this regiment and go
with it I would accept leave of absence
without pay or resign. Could have regi
ment in muster in six days. We are only
thirty-six hours from San Francisco.
MYRON H. McCORD.
Governor of Arizona.
The Temerario Must Sail.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett
BUENOS AYRES, May 7.— A dispatch
from Montevideo says that the Uru
i guayan Government has intimated to
the commander of the Spanish torpedo
j boat Temerario that he must sail
from that port within twenty-four
hours.
THE SA^T FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
CANNOT DNITE
UPON ONE MAN
California Delegation and
the Brigadier-Gen
eralship.
Perkins Receives Many Tele
grams Favoring John H.
Dickinson.
White is for Otis, Maguire for War
field and De Vries for Gov
ernor Budd.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 7.
Telegrams from all parts of the State
are pouring in to the various members
of the California Congressional delega
tion urging the claims of different per
sons for appointment as brigadier gen
eral of volunteers. Senator Perkins re
ceived over 100 dispatches to-day, most
of them urging the appointment of
General John H. Dickinson. Colonel
Barry says he is mustering 1000 men,
and all of them favor Dickinson. It ap
pears that a great majority of the
guard prefer Dickinson to any one else.
It is understood that while the Presi
dent himself is favorably inclined
toward Colonel Otis of Los Angeles,
who served with him in the army dur
ing the civil war. Secretary Alger is
very bitterly opposed to Otis on ac
count of the criticism of his course in
the San Pedro harbor matter, printed
on the editorial page of the Los An
geles Times some time ago.
The President told Senators "White
and Perkins that he would appoint any
good man who was recommended by
tlie united delegation In Congress from
California, but as harmony seems im
possible, both White and Perkins be
lieve that California will lose the brig
adiership and that it will go to Ore*
gon or Washington. It is understood
that White is for Otis; Perkins is rather
inclined to support Dickinson; Barham
and Hilborn are for any good man that
the delegation will unite upon; DeVries
is for Budd; Maguire for Warfleld,
while Loud has not expressed a prefer,
ence but is holding aloof until other
members of the delegation have made
their recommendation.
Warren English telegraphed to-day
strongly urging the naming of Dickin
son. Warfield seems to be very popu
lar with the officers and men of the
yruard, many of whom have written in
his behalf.
NAME OF
DEWEY ON
EVERY LIP
hi is Victory Celebrated in
City and H an )' et on
tf)e Coast.
Sao JoaquiQ Valley's Boys io Blue
Will Depart for Sao Fran
cisco This Eveoing.
STOCKTON, May 7.— The cheers of
thousands of exultant Americans, the
booming of anvils and the strains of
national anthems resound throughout
the city to-night. Mingled with this
wild demonstration of delight over the
achievements of the American fleet be
fore Manila is the clanging of bells and
the screeching of whistles throughout
the city. It was only at noon that a
public jollification was planned and the
announcement in the evening press
brought forth a. ready response. At
sundown the factory whistles ran out
their steam and by 8 o'clock Hunter
plaza and the business streets were one
mass of men, women and children, in
holiday attire. Public buildings and
business blocks were brilliantly illum
inated and in the whole history of the
city such an outpouring never before
was witnessed.
On the plaza ex-Congressman James
A. Louttit and Judge C. P. Rendon, the
latter of Spanish descent, voiced the
patriotic sentiments of the vast throng
in eloquent language.
At the armory the scene was warlike.
The soldiers were busy preparing to go
to the front to-morrow. They have
donned their uniforms and when the
other companies arrive here to-morrow
they will be escorted to,the steamship
by the Grand Army veterans, public
officials and civic societies. The Sixth
Regiment band will head the pro
cession, which will march down Weber
avenue to the steamboat landing.
There the troops will be drawn up to
await the companies from Visalia,
Fresno and Merced. A battalion will
be reorganized with the soldiers v/ho
arrive on the Valley Road train. All
told about 500 men will leave the city
to-morrow evening.
The steamship T. C. Walker has been
chartered to take the troops to the bay.
She will leave the slip at about 6 o'clock
and will steam slowly down the river,
arriving at San Francisco early in the
morning. There the soldiers will be
reorganized into battalion form and
march to the headquarters of Captain
Carrington at Page and Gough streets,
where they will be sworn into Uncle
Sam's volunteer service on Monday.
SANTA ROSA, May 7.— The City of
Roses to-night rang from end to end
with lusty cheers for Admiral Dewey
at a big public demonstration given by
the citizens. The scene on Santa Rosa's
streets has been one which will never
fade from the memory of the crowds
participating in the demonstration. A
big parade was formed in front of the
Courthouse at 8 o'clock. The order of
parade was as follows: Flag bearers,
Santa Rosa band, Company E. N. G. C.
under the command of Captain Haven,
citizens 1500 strong carrying -flags, and
Ellsworth Post of the Grand Army.
JOVITE FOR
PROJECTILES
Will Be Used by Ameri
can Ships in Future
Battles.
%
Can Be Exploded After a Shell
Has Pierced Armor
• . ; Plate.
Is to Be Utilized Only in Firing Upon
Vessels, and Not in Bom
barding Forts.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, May 7.— "Washington
special to the Herald s ys: Spain's
men-of-war will be targets for armor
piercing projectiles' loaded with jovite,
to be fired by the V merican vessels. In
structions have been given by Captain
Charles O'Neil, chief of the bureau of
ordnance, that . armor piercers be
loaded with thi3 explosive and sent to
Key West, where they will be taken
aboard the ships of Rear Admiral
Sampson's squadron. Captain O'Neil
feels justified in taking this action in
view of the .act that experiments made
with jovite show it is a safe explosive J
and capable of terrible execution. .
Shells of from 8 to 13-inch caliber, in
clusive, will be loaded with from 20 to
150 pounds of jovite. Captain O'Neil \
told me such snells would not be em- i
ployed against fortifications, as similar j
armor-pierdng projectiles loaded with
gunpowder could do better work
against land defenses, but they will be
fired at armored ships.
Experiments have demonstrated that j
it is practicable to fire an armor-pierc- i
ing projectile loaded with jovite against
a comparatively thick plate and by ■
means of a time fuse the explosive will
explode after the shell has passed
through the plate. If such a projectile |
should pass through the side of one of j
Spain's armored ships it would do awful
execution. _______________
BRITISH STEAMER
TO TAKE REFUGEES
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 7.— Mr.
Dent, the United States Consul here,
has chartered the British screw steam
er Adula to go to Cienfuegos and take
off the refugees there. The Adula, a
vessel of 372 tons, is owned by the At
las Steamship Company, and files the
British flag, and has been engaged in
trade with Kingston, Jamaica and out
posts.
I At a given signal the fire bell was
| rung, every steam whistle in town was
1 sounded, anvils and cannon roared and
torches were lighted. Down Fourth
street the procession marched, through
j blocks lined with hundreds of people,
;to the Donahue depot. A countermarch
! was made here and the parade was dis
j missed at the armory.
SALINAS, May 7.— Upon the receipt
I of bulletins containing Dewey's report
the town went wild with patriotic
, fever. Troop C, which has sent 107
names on the volunteer list to head
' quarters, was anxious to know if it
would be called upon to go to the Phil
ippines, and crowded around the bul
letin boards. The news that none were
killed and only a few wounded was re
ceived with satisfaction, as several
Monterey County boys are on the Bal
timore .and Olympia, Flags are flying
from every flagstaff in Salinas and on
many improvised poles.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., May 7.—
When news of Dewey's victory reached
here there was an upheaval of patriot
ism. Bells were rung, whistles blown,
salutes fired and a band paraded the
streets all afternoon.
SACRAMENTO, May 7.— One of the
most enthusiastic and spirited demon
strations ever known in Sacramento
took place to-night. At about 4 o'clock
this afternoon a committee of citizens
met in the office of Mayor Land and ar
ranged for a celebration of Commander
Dewey's victory. The announcement
was made in the Evening* Bee that an
impromptu parade would take place,
after which there would be speaking in
Capital Park.
At an early hour immense throngs
assembled on the sidewalks and at 6
o'clock, when the parade formed, the
streets were crowded. No such shouts
ever went up in Sacramento as those
which greeted the men who marched
through the principal streets. Grand
Army men, a company of State militia,
the Iroquols and citizens formed in line
at the plaza and presented an unbroken
line from curb to curb for a distance of
fifteen blocks. Red fire and skyrockets
Illuminated the streets and 10.000 Amer
ican flags rose and fell in the gentle
breeze which sprung up from the south.
Arriving at the Capitol, Mayor Land
first addressed the throngr and then in
troduced President D. A. Llndley of the
Board of Trade. Following Mr. Lindley
came Chief Justice Beatty. Orove L.
Johnson. Elwood Bruner, Judge Hink
son, T. "W. Shannahan, E. B. McCabe
and others.
The addresses were received with un
bounded enthusiasm. Many who could
not get near enough to hear formed In
line and again were led through the
streets with wild shouts and long hur
rahs. All in all it was one of the most
memorable episodes in the history of
the capital city.
VALOR OF
DEWEY IS
REWARDED.
Made an Admiral for rjis
Most Glorious Achieve
ment.
Naval Officers Amazed by His
Matchless SKiU and Greatest
Victory of Modern Tiroes.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 7.
To-night In the far-away Bay of
j Manila the gallant Dewey, yesterday a
I commodore, walks the deck of his flag
| ship an admiral of the United States
navy. For six days the administration
and the country waited with keenest
anxiety for the details of his wonder
ful victory over the Spanish fleet and
I batteries; to-day the cable brought the
j long-expected dispatch, and a few
: hours later flashed back to Hongkong
the nation's thanks and the bestowal
of a richly merited honor upon the hero
I of the most signal triumph recorded
in naval annals, ancient or modern.
By direction of the President, Secre
; tary Long sent the following cable, dis
patch to Dewey:
WASHINGTON. May 7.— To Dewey,
Manila: The President, in the name of
the American people, thanks you and
your officers and men for your splendid
achievements and overwhelming victory
In recognition he has appointed you act
ing admiral, and will recommend a vote
of thanks to you by Congress. LONG.
The destruction of ten warships and
the silencing of half a score of shore
batteries without the loss of a ship or
a man is a feat so stupendous that the j
most experienced naval officers could
hardly believe their ears when in
breathless silence they heard Dewey's
terse and graphic message read to a
hundred eager newspaper correspond
ents. The matchless skill with which !
the attack was planned, the speed of j
its execution, and the tremendous force j
with which the blow was struck filled j
them with amazement. No parallel is
to be found in history for this remark
able accomplishment, and to Dewey's
credit is placed the first demonstration
of the terrible effectiveness of the mod
em warship manned by brave men and
commanded by cool and skillful offi
cers.
Dewey holds Manila at the mercy of
h:s fleet, but the actual invading of
the city may be delayed until the troops
to be dispatched to the Philippines next
week have arrived to garrison the
Spanish strongholds and prevent a
counter movement against the Ameri
can forces.
fit oU
Looks weak. Who says that of you? "Worried,"
some say. But you are well aware that those who
say that you are weak know the truth. In your
common sense, why do you not try to alter the
state of affairs? It is ever so much better to be
manly than puny. It is a great deal more satisfac-
tory to be certain that you can do everything your
manhood urges than to be afraid that you will awake
ill. You have burdened your brain too much. You
have spent midnight oil. Now you regret. But you
are not alone. Others have been foolish.
"Hudyan" has made up for the follies of 20,000
men. It has turned the weaklings into brawny,
healthy men. Think of the pleasing and even the
I grand sensation you enjoyed as a boy— or as a
young man— when you first found out what good
? health was. Do you wish to see these days again?
If you do there is a possibility. You fear that you
have transgressed too grossly. Could you but know
I how many greater sinners against nature there are
in the world you would be full of hope— and not fear.
"Hudyan" has never yet failed, and it will not in
your case.
WELL — — YOU
What "Hudyan" does is this: It makes up the gen-
eral vitality to the normal point. It does for the
overworked farmer as much as it does for the man
mentally tired. It cures all forms of prostration. It
is nature's most efficient remedy. Circulars and tes-
timonials, which will tell you all about it, are freely
sent. And if you will but ask for medical advice it
will be sent to you without a particle of expense. No
matter what troubles you, the big Institute stands
ready and willing to help you. Write to-day and see.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco.
A hundred telegrams were sent
speeding over the wires to-day to ex
pedite the departure from San Fran
cisco of troops and supplies for Dewey's
reinforcement, and by next Friday the
advance contingent of several thousand
infantry anu artillery will pass through
the Golden Gate on their way to Ma
nila. Others will go a day or two later,
though all plans are subject to such
modification as may be suggested by
further advices from Dewey, which it is
expected may soon be received at short
intervals over the cable now known to
be in his hands.
The effect of Dewey's victory at Ma
nila it is believed cannot fail to have
a most important effect upon the war.
The details of the engagement reveal
a condition of affairs that must be in
expressibly disquieting to the Spanish
authorities while most encouraging to
those of the United States. We have
already had sufficient evidence in the
minor phases of the war in Cuban
waters to demonstrate the great super
iority of American gunners, and now
the greater effectiveness of American
ships as bulwarks behind which to
fight has been emphasized at Manila.
The inexhaustible supplies of ammuni
tion and of everything that money can
buy which are at the command of the
United States can hardly fail to impress
the Spanish officials with the hopeless
ness of attempting to carry on the
warfare with an empty treasury and a
worthless credit. All these considera
tions taken in connection with the ef
ficiency of the Cuban blockade, which
is slowly but surely starving Blanco
and his forces into surrender, must have
their effect in Madrid and serve to con
vince even those who stand in greatest
fear of a revolution at home of the
folly of wasting more money and lives
in a senseless effort to satisfy the na
tional "honor."
Oregon Troops Depart.
PORTLAND, Or., May 7. — Companies
C, D, E and F, Fourteenth Infantry.
Major C. N. Robe commanding, left
Vancouver Barracks for San Francisco
over the Southern Pacific. Companies
A and G, now in Alaska under the com
mand of General Anderson, have been
ordered to join the regiment at the Pre-
Sidio, and are expected to arrive in
about ten days.
ARMY OFFICERS
PRAISE DEWEY
Rejoicing at Tampa Over*
the Manila Bay
Victory.
General Shatter Declares His
tory Records No Greater
Triumph.
Practical Demonstration of the Ef
ficiency of Our Navy and.
Its Seamen,
Copyrighted. 1598.' by James Gordon Bennett.
TAMPA, Fla., May 7.— To say that
army officers here were elated when
I showed them the dispatch announc
ing the glorious victory of Commodore
Dewey's fleet at Manila conveys but a
faint impression of their feelings. A
certain kind of satisfaction was ex
pressed at the tremendous loss of the
enemy in killed and wounded and at
the entire absence of dead on our side.
It was well that the Maine had at last
been remembered. As for the six men
wounded on the American ships, as one
officer laughingly expressed it, "they
may have fallen down and broken their
arms or legs while carrying ammuni
tion."
General Shafter's face was wreathed
in smiles after he had finished reading
the dispatch.
"Nothing like it is known in the an
nals of naval history. It is unprece
dented," he said. "I can hardly real
ize it. The only way I can account
for it Is that Dewey kept his ships, as
much as possible, out of the range of
small guns and fought at long range.
Nothing like this battle has ever taken
place. Americans may feel proud of
their navy."
General Low of the engineer corps
said: "This is indeed great and glor
ious news. Additional laurels have
been gained by the American navy and
the battle of Manila will go down in
history as the most brilliant naval en
gagement ever fought."
General Lawton declared that the
battle was proof to the world of the
efficiency of the United States navy,
and a most practical refutation of
Spanish accusations that our ships
were not equal to those of other na
tions and that our men were not ef
ficient. Spain, he said, could now
bear personal testimony of the effi
ciency of our navy.
Colonel Rand, in command of the ar
tillery camp at Port Tampa, expressed
great satisfaction at the news from Ma
nila. He agreed with General Shafter
that Commodore Dewey had probably
kept his ships out of range of the
Spaniards' small guns and had fought
the enemy at long range.
Major Groesbeck of General Shatter's
staff fairly beamed when he read the
dispatch.
"All honor to Commodore Dewey, his
officers and men," he said. "They have
certainly fought a good fight. The re
sult of this battle should be a matter
of self-congratulation to every true
American."PRAISES THE
YANKEE TARS
Emperor William Says
That They Fought Like
Veterans.
In His Private Capacity the
German Ruler Is on Un
cle Sam's Side.
Tak«sa Deep Interest in the Warand
Instructs the Military Attache to
Send Him Personal Reports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, May 7.— Emperor William
is following the course of the wax be
tween Spain and the United States with
the deepest interest. He has instruct
ed the chiefs of the naval and mili
tary cabinets to closely watch the pro
gress of hostilities between the two
countries and to report regularly to
him all phases.
The Emperor has also given similar
Instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel yon
Goetzer, the military attache of the
German Embassy at Washington,
whose term has expired and who has
been reappointed to that position for
six months. Count yon Goetzer start
ed for Washington on Friday last to
resume his duties at the embassy. At
his farewell audience with Emperor
William on Tuesday the attache was
instructed by his Majesty to send elab
orate and personal reports intended ex
clusively for the eye of the Emperor,
apart from official reports intended for
the Ministry of War. These personal
reports, his Majesty added, were to in
* :u«ie everything of an interesting char
acter, and were to draw a comparison
of the morale and endurance of the
militia and the regular soldiers.
All news of the battle of Manila i
reaching: the German Foreign Office was
at once c-oinmunicated to the Emperor, j
larked the movements of the two
n special maps. He compared
ze and armament of the vessels
sine: the Spanish and American
Irons. To his entourage he has
I his high opinion of the at
• by the vessels of the United
3] ■■<. ially praising the unusual
;;s]>layed by Commodore Dewey's
fleet in following the Spanish warships
the harbor of Manila and forcing
th.-vn t" flight. In commenting on this
lesty said: "There is evl
somethlng besides smartness
■ merciallsm in the Yankee
iod. These fellows at Cavlte hays
it like veterans."
Emperor William, it is rumored, is
.1 in his private capacity to be
(■ll the side <>f the United States, but
in view of the grave dynastic interests
! in Spain by the war, he is
unusually cautious in keeping his views
subject.
Grave apprehension as to the ulti
fate 'if the Spanish dynasty is felt
in all courts <>f Europe, and the Queen
• has been the recipient, since
til- battle ff Manila, of marks of sym
pa.hy not only from the Emperor, but.
also from Queen Victoria and nearly
one of the crowned heads of Eu-
Thursday evening, after the clos
the Reichstag, Prince Hohen
the Imperial Chancellor, gave a
tion t.i the delegates, government
Is and members of the press.
Considering his age the Chancellor is
remarkably vigorous. In an animated
conversation with some of his guests
at the reception, Prince Hohenlohe
Fc'jjf!: "As far as Germany's individual
interests an* concerned, the Hispano-
American war is not likely to injure
ur involve them, although it is yet too
eaily to tell how far the political and.
commercial situation may be modified
as a rtsult of the struggle. In any;
case, Germany's material interests are j
•■ n ly on the American side, and it
la to nee a prooi of the political im- ;
maturity of the German people, and ;
particularly of the press, that tVey are,
lour]\ and almost unanimously on the
Spain in this fight."
Th«se utterances tend to prove that
the G'-mKin Government at least secret
ly wishes the United States success.
In the meanwhile, however, the German
press continues to be rather unfriendly
toward the United States, both editor
ially and in the way of presenting war
news. The Kreuz Zeitung. the favor
ite organ ->f the army and nobility,
in noting this adverse feeling, says, in
its weekly* r"'litical review, that those
in Germany who are sympathizing with
the Americans are few and far between.
This paper further r.ays it thinks that
one of the outcomes of the present war
will be the "strengthening of centralism
and imperialism in the United States."
The comments of the German press
on the dashing victory of the American
squadron rit Manila makes a curious
Btudy. Until Monday last most of the
military editors of the newspapers
predicted an initial defeat of the Amer
ican navy and army, comparing the
latter unfavorably with the Spanish
forces. When forced to believe, how
ever, that an American victory had
I attained, they said nothing else
could be expected in view of the evi
dent superiority of the Americans, and
eulogized Spanish courage in fighting
again?! overwhelming odds.
As exemplifying the general tone of
the newspapers of Germany, the main
organ of the Center party, the Cologne
Yolks Zeitung, may be quoted. It says:
"We do not favor intervention in this
war, but we are of the opinion that the
European powers ought to exert strong
diplomatic pressure at the first oppor
tunity in order to shorten the war.
The Yankees have already swollen
with pride. If they win another deci
sive victory hardly any European coun
try will be able to consort with them
diplomatically. In view of the un
friendly sentiments entertained in the
United .States toward Germany and the
many economic differences existing
■ Ti the two countries it is very
possible that Germany may be the
next victim of American impudence."
MAY COMMAND AN
AUXILIARY CHUISFR.
Senator Perkins Urges That Captain
Carroll Be Placed in Charge of
One of the Philippine Vessels.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— Senator
Perkins called on Secretary Long to
day and strongly urged that Captain
James Carroll, formerly of the Pacific
Coast steamer Queen, be placed in
command of an auxiliary vessel to be
sent to the Philippines. Perkins told
Secretary Long that Captain Carroll
was one of the most competent, cour
ageous and daring sailors that ever
trod a ship's dock. He recited to the
Secretary of the Navy the circumstance
ft Carroll's quelling a mutiny on board
the vessel that. carried MiniJcer Bur
lmgame to China many years ago. It
ii understood that Captain Carroll is
■willing and anxious to accept the ser
vice if he is assigned to command a
vessel by Secretary Long.
THE EMPORIUM.
THIS IS MEN'S WEEK IN THE BIG STORE,
But women's needs have by no means been overlooked in the splendid aggregation of bargains for
the next six days.
-
Ladies' Hosiery*
100 dozen Ladies'
Fancy Hose, in.the
■*--' I=sB following combina-
<&sW3u"'/l black, lavender and
tioo sky and
Fancy Hose, in the
following combina-
tions — pink and
black, lavender and
black, sky and
1 I I ! A black, yellow anJ
'U ft¥\ black and red and
I!il\_>^ black— stripe tops
£=a and black boots,
/6£v with white split
£s double soles, heels
md toes, fast col-
ors, extra good value at this week's
price —
25c a Pair.
150 dozen Ladies' Imported Lisle
Thread Hose, plain and Richelieu
ribbed, in blacK and assorted tan
shades, Hermsdorf dye, 35c a pair or
3 Pairs for $1.00.
175 dozen Ladies' Imported Lisle
Thread Hose, black and dark assorted
tan shades, the latest designs, in drop-
stitch and lace effects, an immense
variety to choose from, only
50c a Pair.
Swiss Ribbed ™£
Corset Covers ™'of
colors. They come in lisle thread,
wool and silk and wool mixed.
They are just the thing to wear
under organdie «^^[
shirt waists or && c 4rp
other sheer yY
dresses, giving X^W^y^
the required /ffyftifn
warmth and p||SSB)
looking pretty I jMStw
as well. |idil|!^<^'
Pink Cardinal W \
Sky Blue Natural V-C
White Black ' '
In lisle thread, each $ 1. 2 5
In wool thread, each $**25
In silk and wool, each $1.7 5
Good quality of Ladies' Lisle Thread
Combination Suits, full trimmed,
high neck long sleeves, hi^h neck
short sleeves and low neck C A, r
no sleeves, white only vJvrt,
Finest quality of Imported French
Lisle Thread Vests, with elaborate
hand-crocheted yokes, colors
cream, sky, rose and <£i f\e\
black, each 75c and CJM.VU
35 dozen Best Quality LaJies' White
Wool Oneita Union Suits, having
some slight manufacturer'^ defects,
instead of the srandar.l, (Pi -re?
prices, per suit $2.25 and <4>l»/
_ -
*~t We claim for our
OTOCery model grocery
9rv>rJflk- store that no
OpeCiaii* goods of doubtful
reputation find shelfroom — only
pure food products here — abso-
lute cleanliness ; attentive
clerks; prompt delivery, and
last but not least lowest prices
in California. If you are not
satisfied, money refunded.
These Specials Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday Only.
Snider's Catsup, pints, regularly
24c bottle, for three days... ■* «y
Wool Soap, ''the large size," reeu-
larly 10c cake, for three m
days, 9 for >J\JC
Imported Macaroni, Vermicelli and
Spaghetti, regularly package,
Monday, Tuesday ,and ~\r
Wednesday, 3 packages.....
Brahma Ceylon Tea, in crigi-
nal packages, demonstrated and
served free in Grocery Depart-
ment.
ii-Jb. packages,
§ regularly 50c
a package, for
3 days .... 40c .
'A-lb. packages,
regularly 40c
a package, /or
3 days. ....35c
M-lb. packages,
regularly 30c
a package, for 3 day 5...... 25c
I Evaporated Blackberries, regularly
14c Ib, Monday, Tuesday "yir
and Wednesday, 3 lbs £DC
Fancy Prunes, 20 to 30 th: pouni,
regularly 20c Ib, special for « /
three days at i- OC
Main Floor— Roar.
Telephone — South 59.
Baby Carriages*
'UJj^r^s and gear-
ing,
$6.00 and $6.50.
Hood top, full size, reed body, full
upholstered in tapestry, steel
wheels and gearing..... CC AA
Hood top, full size, reed body, full
upholstered in tapestry, rubber
tires, steel w.i eels <j»q ;»/\
Finer upholstering, etc
$10.75, $12.50, $35.00
Parasol top, lull size reed body car-
riages, lull upholstered in sateens
or .French rep, steel., «tC..Cf|
wheels and gearing. ..«.m' J»v3lf
Patent foot-brake with all carriages.
Send for our Illustrated Baby
Carriage Catalogue. Just issued.
Free on application.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
THE EMPOBITJM.
Beginning Monday and until closing time next Saturday night the test of all Clothing offers hold good.
We have either bought too many or haven't sold enough of the men's suits that were manufactured to retail
at $7. co to $1750. We cannot risk having any of them left on our hands for another season, for stocks in this store
are never carried over, and we do not think it good policy to wait until the end of summer to cut the prices and try
to sell them when they will not be wanted. We therefore divide them into three great lots this week and offer
some values that have never been equaled in San Francisco. Notwithstanding the remarkably low prices, our
guarantee of "Money back if you want it" goes with each suit.
Lot J.
Men's Wool Suits, suitable for business
purposes, neat gray and brown effects, in
Cheviots and Cassimeres, substantially
lined, tailored in correct fashion. We have
selected a variety of styles
from suits that were $7.50, mm =*
$8. 50 and $10, comprising dkf^SS
a full line of sizes, and 5*P i^^'***'
put a price tag on them 11 $wPT;
marked
MEN'S TROUSERS— We have bought from a manufacturer who met with misfortune 300 pairs of pant?. They are
made of all-wool worsted in regular weight— only two patterns, however. The patterns are a neat, quiet stripe, These <+« Ad
Pants cost to manufacture $2.75 a pair. You must come Monday or Tuesday for these, as they will surely sell in that J)^^^^
time at our special price, per pair *^
Di»<>ClQ Three bar B ains for
J_/IC2>2> foe coming week
r^nnrlci that speak for them-
ijrooas. selves You will
buy these goods on sight — the
prices asked.
. At $3.75 Suit—
52 inch All-Wool Fancy Cheviots,
in quiet rich effects and latest
sh-idings, worth $5.00. '
At $4.20 Suit—
40-inch Silk Mixed Suitings, in six
designs and thirty color combina-
tions. Really one of the most ef-
fective styles ever shown in low-
priced goods.
Very Special.
At $1.00 Yard—
18 pieces 42-inch Black Crepon Suit-
ing, in the very latest weave and
effects, they will not fray nor pull
an J are certainly one of the best
values we've ever offered.
Parasols* -
f Ladies' Fancy Plaid
Parasols good
frames, ; natural
wood CC r
handles... "^C
Ladies' Changeable
Lavantine Para-
sols, . in red and
black, red and
blue, red and
green, brown snd
blue, green and blue, paragon steel
frame?, pretty natural wood Cl O f%
handles • •• *'** v
Ladies' Grass Linen Parasols, with
fancy linings,paragon frames,^| sf\
choice natural wood handles CJJI»^JV
— —
Klowrcxii- An excellent
Newest quality of
Kid Cilnws Ladies Kid
js_icl Lrloves Gloves h a s
just arrived — the 2-clasp kind,
backs prettily embroidered in
raised silks either black or the
color of the glove. They corrie
in the new shades of
Oxblood Tan New Greens
Oolclpn Brown Mode Itoyal Purple
English Rt*l
Per Pair $1.00.
Laces.
Normandy and French
Valenciennes Laces — large
assortments in white, but-
ter and black — dainty
• edges just like the real —
with insertion to match, at
$1, BOC, 6^C, }OC, 2£C
per dozen yards.
A/0 Ladies'
Neckwear*
; ' Liberty Chiffon Ja-
■ ots » c cu!— one of '
f Ladies' styles
Neckwear*
Liberty Chiffon Ja-
bots, like cv'. — one of
our many new styles
• V\*.v^ of neck dressing — all
-^^^^1^ ; colors— trimmed in ap-
* '<^nfW plique Oriental lace—
Butterick
Patterns.
June styles. Great
reduction in price
on all new pat-
terns. Fashion
Sheets and Cata-
logues mailed free
on application.
California^ Largest,
■ Bit? America* Grandest
■yswjfvi _^^^^H| mLf''3 P^Wyß Bv?ici Bets ■oiijm JXSK wB?PW ifIpMPsHK 
' .. ■ ■ - ' • ■_■■■■.' ...... ■ ■ .■ .
Golden Rule Bazaar
THE EMPOBrrjM.
Lot 2.
Exceptional offers in finer suits, selected
from our lines at $10, $12 and $13.50.
These are goods that the best stores in
America sell to first-class trade — good, hon-
est clothing, sewed with
silk, handsomely tailored.
The assortment includes jy^^fTf&^fg
new worsteds and serges. vBRkTB^'
The price will astonish you \f Wtfpr'** I*'1 *'
when you see the goods. . .
fiyfs To-Morrow's ■
WK) Attractions in
m Bargain Section/
/ These specials are for Monday , Tuesday
\<k " and Wednesday only.
'A V, Important sale of 400 dozen Ladies' All Pure
' A Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs— perfect regu-
s^y lar goods — superior standard qualities at Bar-
gain Section Prices. .
98 dozen M, % and *; inch Hemstitched Handkerchiefs-all linen, \2\z
i£*g£!iw^^ 5c
S^n^'^S^AlfUnen-Hemsm^^
fin- quality. Bargain Section Price— each • -.•••■ ••• -^ v^
50 dozen Extra Fine All Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs on sale j^ c
at Bargain Section Price— each ••
Ladies' Linen Collars.
125 dozen Ladies' All Linen Collars-broken assortment of sizes and c
styles— lsc quality. Bargain Section Price ~ w .
Veiling 5c Yard.
*000 yards Chenille Dot Veilings— Browns, Navvs. Creams and Tans—
3^o y wid?hs-iland 18 inches-Bargain Section Price vhik ijaMlot
lasts, per yard--—— .................•"•;•—••;
\Abovt -goods sold My in Bargain Section—-
Rear of Rotunda-Apposite Book-Department.
Parisian Lace Robes— Fashion's
Latest Decree*
We have the latest novelties in Lace Skirting, bell shaped ;
Lace Robes and Lace Blouses, in Marquise satin \j
cord applique and braided applique Brussels. f^rr^i
The prices for complete suits are $10, /M
$12.50, $13-50, $15,. $17-50 up to $35 mijj&k ■
White Embroidered Nainsook ' Robes, with Jfeg||4
White Embroidered Nainsook Robes, with MmSMj^
materials for waists and. trimmings— exquisite j& KfJ^
novelty for summer suits— bell shape skirts— ||h^M^\
the embroidery is elaborate and beautiful i ind^®M^^
the prices for complete suits are $10, $11, 3i2,«^^^^^^/
513.50 and $15.
. Lace Section— Main Floor. '
nr^Wo Best Table Oilcloth—
1 ttUIC i nc hes wide— 40 new pat-
/"VI t 4-l» terns— in bright, dur-
UllClOtn* able colors from
4 \r \ which to select.
J22CYaratOn special sale
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday, per yard " |2:2 C
" Best* quality " Shelf Oilcloth — I 2J Z
inches wide. On sa'e Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, per "3i r
yard....... C * 2V '
Curtain and
Upholstery Department .
WT * So active was
Women S the demand for |
Ct ni>c last week's great spe- 1
vJUUCa c i a i s that we have j
determined to continue the sale!
six dav^ longer.
r ■■■■■r^ The handsomest
U^-^ Cycling and Out-
V 4 il/*H ing Bootee in.the
V. 3 IvgA ci'.y in all sizes and
tThe handsomest
Cycling and Out- 1
ing Bootee in the
ci'y in all sizes and
widths; extra high
)' \7 cut, beautiful cas-
t _ \ simere top, trim-
KT\ ( mcd and toxed with
dark chrome kid,
new Yukon toe,
ventilated inner soles and up-to-the-
minute shoe for the approach ing. outing
season — sold nowhere" in the city
for less than $4. Our 09 >c
price...: ....:. .....^..i^^'^P
A lady's Spring-heel Lace Shoe,
made of . dark tan Vici Kid, new
round toe, vesting lace pieces— all
sizes from 2^ to 6 in C, D and E
widths; would be cheap at tf« I ."j c
$2.50. Our pice this week. «4>l»/--*
Shoe Department— Rear .
of Rotunda — Main Aisle.
THE EMPORIUM.
Lot 3.
This last lot is certain to appeal to the
taste of correct dressers. You can save from
$5 to $10 on a suit. They are made of ex-
cellent foreign and domestic fabrics, hand
tailored, satin piped, and linings as good as
the most exacting wear de- V
mands. The patterns are tt-g^vS
this season's weave. We <^W|ifiS
marked them to sell at *flrHH^^*
$13.50, $15 & $16. 50. This ll.fiJl
week only marked down to
■k T f , * * The best
i Novelties in S p ace on
Men's Goods. ' g h ; ound
floor, right at the main entrance,
I is given over to the men's store.
i You can buy Clothing, Fur-
j nishings, Hats— everything you
require without entering or
passing through a woman's de-
partment.
Jersey-
form - fitting six- s\
thread Balbriggan <^v-S____^^^ •.
Shirts and Draw- j^Ay'y.^j
I ers, colors natural rNsQ*?i?r%^ : i!
; gray • and ecru, \Jj£s£*££S?\L'.
I French neck, twin \;<| M
I needle seam, per til Jj^^w=4>
garment ...... 75 C
Jersey >^^
| four - thread Bal- fij^^
briggan Shirts and
Drawers, colors ecru and light blue.
Shirts have French neck. . Drawers
are finished with strapback and rn_
taped seams, per garment 3 UC
Men's Oneita Union Suits, colqrs
natural gray, and ecru, the very
acme of comfort — the coming
garment for gentle- d« * p-r\
men........ — •• f>» JU
New designs in fancy stripe *)r
and plaid socks ........... JC
New ■ importation. Japanese club
lies, the neatest summer neck-
' wear for ladies or gentle- 'jc -
>.Zf: men. 3 f0r......... .......«.—. Z-JC
Just received— the latest thing in
neckwear — Grenadine puffs and
• bows, and shepherd plaids in all
shapes, puffs, bows, Ascots /-ft —
and four-in-hands VyC
THE EMPORIUM.
r\ Some very spe-
■L/ftig cial prices for
Sundries* this week that
OUnurieS* O n articles that
are needed every day.
The Royal Fountain Syr'nge with
six hard rubber
(f^^ pipss, packed in
vS£ /^ =a \ neat hardwood
niw ■°^«- "<
8 \l^~^J^ 2 quarts Si.oo
\^*M 3 quarts.... $1.10
=s^ 4 quarts ... $1.25
Our popular "Family Fountain
Syringe," 3 pipes:
2 quarts... 50c. | 3 quarts. ..6sc.
White Rubber Water BoWes, guar-
anteed for one year, special at —
2 quart siz» 60c.
3-quart size — 70.*.
Large-size Bath Sponges — each 15c,
25c and 35c.
" Goodyears " Ladies' Rubber
Gloves, the best— per pair 85c.
First quality Chamois Skin —
12x14 inches. ..15c | 15x20 inches.. .2sc
All sizes Curling Irons, with stove
complete, 18c.
■
•_ . ■ Imitation Cut-glass Berry
.DeiTY Bowls in several different
. ' shapes and patterns— the •
"D^.-jjlq very latest designs and
.LJUWia measuring from 8 to 10
inches across. Spe* .— -
cial Monday and <^^^^^^^^^
while the large stock \^l^||pi^fir
on hand lasts < q I '^
at................ I7C
We also place on wgg3S&jJ?s|3frr!w|
sale a large lot of K^^^^S^^SJ
Crockery, Glass- vf^--^^^^^
are, Ornaments, ™*jsssg%ssl*P
etc., all more or less
damaged or broken, a lot such as will
accumulate in any large crockery
store — at far less than cost. To get
some of the choice pieces come early.
•p, < j A limited
enameled quantity of
C, 1 "\Y7 each of the
Oteel Ware* following ar-
ticles on sale Monday, and
Tuesday also, if they last:
s£\ Extra large
j*»2=s* Coffee Biggins, 4
or 5 quarts, jjo_
"^N r* JIJt r S each *tOy,
ll / Va Extra large
\ 1 I Saucepan or Ket-
\>J \JI tie, with tin cover,
V/ \sjJ 12- quart co _
fear .-■ -X size, each... J^l
*n» -^ Extra large
Roasting Pan, square or ob- oofc f
long, 18-inch 5ize........ 3JC
Extra large Frying Pan, 13 r yj c
to 14 inches across, each... ~* **
Extra large Tea s
Kettle, 10-quart . JCJ C= ~ =: '\
sl !l!!' h :::65c - y^J
A variety : \Z^^"^\
of damaged. v _J
articles in im-
ported German white enam-
eled ware, enamel chipped,
at half regular retail price.
This Clock $2-95,
_-;; — — " —^ Ebonized 8 - day
Mantel Clock like
' ''*' V/r«\\ picture— gilt deco-
I'll ((» ® r *)j .rations, io>^ inches
ii p^ tjftffl high, cathedral
r^^^^^^n gong, half - hour
■ liii|^r^s^2-J strike... q c
Nickel Alarm Clock, 4^-inch 7(\ r
dial, guaranteed * VFC
I V/*rrf
"me
Delineator"
For June now ready.
The patterns illustrat-
ed in this number are
. very desirable and ele-
gant styles. Subscrip-
tion price of this popu-
lar fashion magazine,
■ $1; single copy, 15c.
'• Pattern Department—
Main Floor, ■
Back of • Rotunda.
THE EMPORIUM
0-ri 1t The most
1 raveling complete as-
r\ * *. sortment - of
KeqUlSlteS* Trunks and
f Valises in the
city. Steamer,
wall, basket,
sole leather,
ladies' dress,
overland and
Saratoga Trunks
at popular
prices. Tele-
scope - baskets
and basket
satchels, all
size Every
good kind of bag
or valise. Here are some spe-
cial bargains: r v'-
Metal covered oval and flat top
Trunks, strong hinges, lock and
clamps, sheetiron bottom, set-up
tray:
28-inch 32-inch 36-Inch
$2.25 52.75 $3-25
Canvas-covered round-top Trunks,
heavy malleable iron ball bumpers,
iron bottom, one fancy set up covered
tray :
28-inch 32-inch 36-inch
$5.35 $6.00 56.75
Waterproof Canvas Telescopes,
long, heavy straps,
leather corners :
14-inch 16-inch
50c 6dc YY*^ fU
18-inch ■ 20-inch [i ILjji^*
75c 9 c
22-inch 24-inch 26-Inch
51.00 Si.i; 51.25
Full stock English Grain Leather
Club Bags, russet or oxblood :
10-inch i2-;nch 14-inch
$1.2, J1.6-J 52.10
16-inch 18-inch
$2.6 d 53.00
Genuine Alligator-skin Club Bag,
leather-lined and brass fittings, highly
polished:
10 inch 12-inch 14-inch
53.00 S4.co 54.50
i6-inch 17-inch 18-inch
• $5.00 $5. 50 $6.00.
Tan Leaiher Gladstone Valises,
Japanned frame,. nickel trimmed:
18-inch 20-inch 22-inch 24-inch
52.25 $2. 3 3 $2.50 52.75
Good Leather Basket or Shawl
Straps 15c and 25c
t * Dainty Printed Lap-
Chamber P et Mj slin Cur-
v-.iirtinuci tainS) in beautifa i
r*(4i»H}nc colors and suitable
V-<ur UtlUb> patterns, for bed-
rooms or living-rooms, wide ruffle
around three sides, length 3, ya'ds,
only $1.50 Pair
1 ; ; • — ; j-— ;
AT]5« ' Just received a new
■ JDlg shipment of icoo good
t quality Incandescent
O^VinCJ Gas Lamps, complete
t -«, &as per cut, worth $1.50
In Cjas* jj a a s cc t h hi^.. th . c . y 69c
2000 Mantels, .\ WflFlr-
the good kind, a\\\ |i ; 111 1 \
worth 40c each — ' <j^?L-Ml< / //>
special this • S&!^iJ&%Z>
week at 2 ° C^^pU4^^
1000 Crystal Glass
Gas . Lamp Chim- —^^ jup|j| ,^^^
neys, worth 10c 'y- >''$%!&■•
each— while /^^^gtt>o^-
they last at.... a V//.^\\\^
■■ • -
$25.00 Bedroom ff u ° ssts r t
Suits or $17.50 wee n k
1 longer
we will offer those Soli 1 Oak
Hand-Carved 3-Piece Bedroom
Sets, with large French beveled
: plate glass, that other dealers sell
lor $30, that we ordi- d* ■( *7 m
narily sell for $25, f or 4* > / •O\J
See these bedroom sets if you
contemplate buying one. They are
not cheap oak sets (we have them
much lower), but in every respect
as represented.
Hand- W: [^^
legs,large YfT^iiL^Z "T^L-
enough to <J— <J£^- .
seat ten persons, worth $12 any day,
special for this week only &-n *7C
at... - •• «4>0./
We have cheaper " Dining-Room
Tables — as low as $3 and trom that
price up to $50. The largest assort-
ment of tables in town.
A~T\irnf>l- Our Eastern
v-lUl r tt buyer secured an
unusually fine lot
oensauoii of newly made
carpets — very latest designs and
colorings — at 20 per cent off the
regular wholesale prices. To-
morrow and during the entire
week we quote these long-to-be-
remembered carpet specials ::',
The prices include mak-
, ing and lining.
Lowell Body Brussels, with
borders to match, regularly
$1.30 per yard, <J;j r\/\
sac price ... %*}s£..
Wilton Velvets, regular- nr\
lysJ, sale p ice.,.. O^C
Best Grade ot Tapestry, full
JO-wire goods, borders to
match, regularly 90c y^
per yard, sale p. ice . * v -
Second Grade Tapsstrv, regu-
larly 80c pet yard, CiL r
sale price...... ... JDt
Cheapest Grade of Tapestry,
regularly 60c per 40
yard, sale price u r
56
__________ T. ..-..., f i . ■ ■ ' "~
SUNDAY ..MAY 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.'
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. __ _____
THE WEEKLY CALL On* ytar> by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE -^ 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ..Ri£_a House
* C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, i
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2516
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwln-'-The Purser "
Columbia — "A Secret Warrant "
California— "A Texas Steer."
Alcazar— "The Gay ParlHians-'
Moroseo's- "Hearts of New York."
Tlvoli— "Wang."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masonic Festival, to-morrrow night.
Metropolitan Temple— Testimonial to Fritz Scheel, Sunday
afternoon. May 15.
Golden Gate Hall— California State Floral Society, Thursday
afternoon and evening-.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, Monday. May 16.
The Chutoa- Zoo. Vaudeville, and "African Lloa Hunt"
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Do? and Pony Show.
fc'Utro Balhs — Swimming 1 .
El Campo— Music, duncinjr boating, flshlnff, every Sunday.
Recreation Park —Baseball to-day.
Conrpinfr— At Union Coursing: Park.
Court-!i;p— ln^loside Coursing Park.
California Jockey C uh. Oaklaud-Ka<*pn to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By <V. H. I'lntm-ii * Co.— Monday, May », Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, m U o'clock.
HONORS FOR DEWEY.
DEWEY'S glorious victory- at Manila appears
in brighter luster in the few words of his
modest dispatch than it did in the first re
ports. He accomplished the triple task of silencing
the forts on land, destroying the Spanish fleet in the
Orient and mastering the capital of the Philippines
without losing a ship or a man. In all the tides of
time, daring and skill have never achieved a greater
feat of war, and the brave commander from this time
forth will rank among the most famous sea captains
in history.
When the war with Spain broke out Lord Charles
Beresford, the most noted fighter in the British navy,
said the result of every encounter between the fleets
of the contending nations would be dependent more
upon the men in command than upon anything else.
While other critics have regarded sea power in these
days as a thing to be measured by the number of
ships, weight of armor and force of heavy guns a
nation lias in its navy, this experienced Engishman
has insisted from the first that never did personal
courage and skill on the part of a commander count
for more at sea than in these days. The modern war
ship is calculated to excite almost as much fear in
her own crew as in that of the enemy. Only the brave
can heroically fight these monstrous war machines,
and only the skillful whose skill does not waver in the
hour of peril can make the heroism successful.
Dewey has proven the truth of the estimate made
by Lord Beresford. His victory is the result of his
courage and skill rather than of his ships. Had he
been as timid as his Spanish opponents, or had his
men fired as wildly during the battle as the Spanish
gunners, the port of Manila would be still in Spanish
hands and the Spanish fleet would still be a menace
to American commerce in the Pacific.
It is gratifying to know that hereafter we can
speak of the hero as •'Admiral" Dewey. This title,
given him spontaneously by the people in talking of
his victory, has now been confirmed by the President.
The promotion has been well and worthily deserved.
The whole people will applaud the action of the
President in conferring it. A mighty deed of battle
equal to the highest ever achieved by our navy has
been nobly done, and it is fitting the commander who
won the victory should wear the title made illustrious
in our naval annals by the heroic Farragut.
It was long ago that Cap^list Bradbury kicked
a smaller man downstairs and was adjudged worthy
to pay a fine of $100. Now the higher court has sus
tained the lo.ver, and Bradbury must feel that he is
paying for "dead horse." Had he put up the money
while yet the memory of the kick was fresh and stim
ulating the pang would have been less severe.
If Tesla cannot disassociate himself from some of
the wild fakes sprung in his name he will soon be the
yellow journalist of the electric world. His artificial
lightning designed to strike hostile ships and strew
them in small pieces over the sea has not yet got into
working order, although Dewey seems to have been
loaded up with something very like it.
Whether the conduct of which School Director
Waller is strongly suspected comes under the head of
felony or misdemeanor is really of less importance
than the question of his guilt. In either case his use
fulness as a public official must be regarded as in a
measure impaired.
It is nothing more than simple justice that the pay
of Consuls withdrawn from Spanish territory should
be continued while they are home. It is worth some
thing to have been chased by a mob, called a "pig-
Yankee" and perhaps to have unsuccessfully dodged
bad eggs.
The Los Angeles Herald shows excellent taste in
copying a long article from The Call on the "Heroes
of the Battle of Manila." At this point its good taste
ends. It credits the article to the Chronicle.
It is evident from the rumors that Alger is to re
sign that the Secretary has again been refusing to
present to some correspondent full particulars as to
the department plans for conduct of the war.
There is a grave and growing suspicion that Span
ish soldiers only fight with zest when they find a
hospital full of wounded Cubans and guarded by
women nurses.
» —
If the Atlantic fleet of Spain desires to have the
least possible trouble it will approach Sampson and
Schley with white flags fluttering from every visible
uoint. -•-• ' -_ ■-, j
ThjE BATTLE OF MANILA.
I ;-t»LL reports of the battle of Manila from an
eye-witness are given to the people of the West
* this morning by The Call, and to those of the
East by the New York Herald. No other paper on
the globe will have an account of the great victory
from a skilled correspondent on the scene of action.
Thus another triumph has been achieved by The Call
and Herald news service, which for the purpose of
gathering and disseminating the news of the war with
Spain is now without a competitor worthy of being
called a rival.
The accomplishment of this brilliant feat of jour
nalism has not been the result of accident or of any
stroke of good fortune. It is the outcome of well
laid plans arranged long ago in the expectation of
war. As far back as last January it was foreseen by
The Call and Herald that war with Spain was well
nigh inevitable, and that when war came the Philip
pines would be the scene of some of the first and
fiercest encounters of the two nations. Accordingly
Mr. Joseph L. Stickney, naval editor of the Herald
and one of the foremost authorities on naval matters
now living, was selected to act as the special cor
respondent of the two papers, and dispatched to the
Orient to watch the course of events there and be
prepared to report either a war between European
nations over the partition of China or a conflict be
tween the United States and Spain in those waters.
Mr. Stickney was in Hongkong when the war
broke out. He went with the United States fleet
on the expedition for the capture of Manila and was
on board the flagship Olympia when the fleet entered
the harbor. He watched the combat from the bridge
of the flagship, standing beside the commodore, and
saw the whole battle from beginning to end. An eye
witness of the great scene, with the inspiration of vic
tory thrilling his mind, he wrote the story we pub
lish this morning. Ever) r paragraph is a narrative of
heroism, every sentence gleams with the fire of battle,
every phrase is vivid with glowing patriotism, every
word is history.
Compared with this true story of the conflict the
wild romances which the yellow fakers may publish
as news under the pretense of having received it from
the Emperor of China, the Grand Tycoon or some
other barbaric dignitary alleged to be the correspond
ent of the yellow journal, will be but a tame and silly
production. Here in The Call and in the Herald is
the truth of the most marvelous sea fight in recent
times. It comes promptly in response to popular
eagerness for news of the victory. Every word of it
will be read, and all who read it will find occasion for
rejoicing that so gallant a hero as Admiral Dewey has
had so skillful a writer as Mr. Stickney to report his
deeds to the world.
WAR OND THE PRESIDENCY.
BY the zeal with which a considerable number of
persons have been discussing the advisability
of giving Fitzhugh Lee the Democratic nomi
nation for the Presidency in 1900 the attention of the
country is directed to the possible bearings of the war
upon the Presidential succession.. It is a question
which while at present purely speculative in its na
ture cannot fail to be of general interest.
Every war in which the United States has engaged
has been the means of raising from obscurity some
hero to such eminence and popularity aj to win for
him the highest office in the gift of the people. Out
of the war of 1812 came Andrew Jackson and Wil
liam Henry Harrison. The Mexican War gave us
Taylor and Pierce. The Civil War lifted Grant from
the tanner's shop to the White House, and had much
to do in so advancing the personal fortunes of Hayes,
Garfield, Benjamin Harrison and McKinley as to
obtain the Presidency for them over the heads of
rivals in their own party who were far better known
in the fields of statecraft.
Reasoning from precedent, it is probable the pres
ent war will afford some unknown man the oppor
tunity to gain the esteem of the people to such an
extent that he will be elevated to the high office where
so many other military chieftains have preceded him.
The man to whom this high fortune is to come is as
unaware of what fate has in store for him as are the
rest of his countrymen. He is simply going to battle
to perform his duty to the flag, and his success is to
result from simple patriotism and an.eas}' mastery of
whatever opportunities come in his way.
In all former wars the heroes destined to attain the
Presidency have served in the army. No naval offi
cer however distinguished has ever come within
measurable distance of the White House. This has
been due, of course, to no preference on the part of
the people for the army over the navy, but only be
cause former wars have been fought mainly on land
and therefore the leaders of the land forces have nat
urally and inevitably held the foremost place in the
eyes of the country.
In the present war a different set of conditions will
prevail. The greater battles will be fought on the sea.
When the Spanish fleets have been destroyed the
invasion of Cuba and the capture of Havana will
hardly entail a single battle of any considerable note.
We have, therefore, to face the possibility of a naval
hero as a candidate for the Presidency. An old sea
dog in the White House might stir up a good many
things that are much in need of stirring, and the pop
ular consciousness of that fact would probably gain
votes for him.
It must be borne in mind, however, that the eleva
tion of the war hero to the Presidency does not often
immediately follow the war. Taylor and Grant were
the only generals elected while their laurels wer~ fresh
upon them. Jackson with the elder and younger
Harrison. Pierce. Hayes and the others had to wait.
A similar waiting will in all probability attend the
hero of this conflict. McKinley is entitled to re
election in T9OO, and from the present prospects can
safely count on it.
One German paper thinks that country will be
given the Philippines in return for renouncing her
claim on Samoa. It is hardly probable, however, that
Dewey has been pulling chestnuts out of a rather hot
fire for the benefit of the Kaiser. Uncle Sam is not
bent upon acquiring territory; neither is he getting
it so that a young Emperor shall have more space in
which to do the warlord act.
Apparently the estimate that the Spanish are with
out a sense of humor is correct. If they could recog
nize a joke they would regard themselves as more
laughable than anything Cervantes ever wrote.
If Blanco is really as anxious to leave Havana as
he is reported to be, doubtless Admiral Sampson
would take him aboard and treat him with the ut
most consideration.
A short article from the Governor of the Philip
pines as to his opinion of Yankee naval discipline
would be read with great interest just at this time.
Apparently the only way to defeat a pugilist so that
he will not dispute the decision is to kill him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
fISK THE QUESTIONS.
ALTHOUGH Mr. C. P. Huntington has been
under examination before the Railroad Com
mission during the better part of a week it has
not yet occurred to anybody to ask him concerning
the newspaper corruption fund which the Southern
Pacific is supposed to keep on hand at all times.
Much of the information which has been elicited by
the Commissioners is valueless. The questions pro
pounded by La Rue and Hinton have been mouthed
over till everybody is weary o f them. Stanford,
Crocker, Colton, Stubbs, Douty, Towne and every
other man fortunate enough to be connected with
the railroad has dodged or answered them a dozen
times.
As dealers in chestnuts, therefore, La Rue and
Ilinton are achieving great distinction. As investi
gators of cold facts, however, they are showing a
lamentable lack of capacity.
Why do not these gentlemen inquire concerning
that "advertising" contract with the Examiner? For
twenty-two months the Southern Pacific paid the
Mission street faker $iooo a month for keeping the
peace. Had the sheet stayed bought the payments
would have continued for thirty months, which pe
riod covered a political campaign and two Legisla
tures. The Southern Pacific also paid the Examiner
$;000 for publishing Creed Haymond's speech before
the Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads, $5000
for keeping its hands off the Pattison investigation
and $2500 for a horse which Hearst stole from Sen
ator Stanford's stables at Palo Alto. The Senator
said this theft was a '"vicissitude of associated capital,"
but the horse was stolen, and we have reason to be
lieve that the Southern Pacific reimbursed Mr. Stan
ford for it.
We call Commissioner Hinton's attention to the
fact that here is over $36,000 disbursed by Mr. Hun
tington's agents without warrant. Why not ask the
old gentleman about it? We understand he takes
the newspaper contract with him every time he visits
the commission in anticipation of a demand for it.
The document has Hearst's name attached, and, being
an original paper, is admissible in evidence to prove
that Southern Pacific money has been disbursed for
illegitimate purposes. The public is anxious to
learn all about this affair, and if Commissioners La
Rue and Hinton do not extract the facts from Mr.
Huntington while he is on the stand they need not
expect to hear the last of their failure to do their
duty for some time to come.
We have it on reliable authority that Commissioner
La Rue is a candidate for Governor. How are his
prospects going to be promoted by neglecting to ask
the important questions we have suggested? If Hun
tington is allowed to leave the stand without telling
about the Southern Pacific's newspaper corruption
fund there is certain to be a disagreeable political
reckoning hereafter.
PROTECTION IN OREGON.
PURSUANT of an intention to poll the indus
trial establishments of the various States of the
Union for the purpose of obtaining trustworthy
information as to the condition of Amei'can labor
after eight months of protection as contrasted with
its condition during the corresponding period follow
ing the enactment of the Gorman-Wilson tariff, the
American Economist has just compiled and pub
lished a series of reports from Oregon which in an
unmistakable way show that protection has been to
the people of that State a benefit of far-reaching value.
Reports were received from 102 establishments
representing thirty-three departments of industry.
They show that the number of hands employed in
March, 1898, aggregated 1886, as compared with 837
employed in March, 1895. The total wages paid in
March, 1898, amounted to $100,043, against $41,504 in
March, 1895. The average per capita wages for
March of this year were $53 04, while those of the cor
responding period of 1895 were $49 55,
From this showing it will be seen that the gain in
the number of hands employed amounted to 1049, or
125.19 per cent. The increase in total wages
amounted to $58,538 or 141.04 per cent. The advance
in per capita wages amounted to $3 49, or 7.04 per
cent. This is an extraordinary showing for a single
month, and the significance of it becomes greater
when it is remembered that it is made from but 102
establishments out of a commonwealth which re
ported in the census of 1890 upward of 1523 manu
facturing industries. If all the shops and factories of
the State had responded to the poll there can be little
doubt but what the showing made of the benefits of
protection would have been correspondingly greater.
It must be borne in mind, moreover, that in addi
tion to the advance made in the manufacturing in
dustries of Oregon there has been also a marked im
provement in the condition of the fanners. The
values of farm lands and farm stock have risen, and
with the increase of work and wages in the cities there
has resulted a better home market for all sorts of
farm products.
The publication of these papers is timely and op
portune to the campaign now under way in Oregon.
They constitute one of the best campaign documents
that can be circulated. The howls of the calamity
orators can avail nothing against the prosperous
showing made by the mills and factories. Protection
has produced results which fully justify it as a national
policy.
With this splendid record of industrial expansion,
and with an equally favorable showing for the opera
tion of the gold standard, there ought to be an over
whelming Republican victory in Oregon at the June
elections. Surely no considerable number of voters
in the State -would willingly return to the conditions
of free trade and disaster of 1894. or vote in favor of
getting payment for their crops and their wages in
silver instead of gold.
According to a dispatch from New Guinea four
teen prisoners escaped jail and dined upon eighteen
full-grown villagers. The ability of some correspon
dents in the direction of lying is remarkable, or else
the New Guinea appetite approaches the abnormal.
It is difficult to believe that even prisoners, kept prob
ably on a scant diet, would be able to celebrate liberty
by swallowing one and two-sevenths of a man apiece.
Richard Harding Davis has sent some interesting
news from the front, but when he wrote that the
Spanish were without honor he came dangerously
near sending something that was not news.
Of course merely by being a relative 'i Weyler
Colonel de Cortijo is not guilty of a capital offense,
but he must excuse us if we regard him with sus
picion.
Of course the usual dispute as to Californian ap
pointments is in progress in Washington, and the
usual result is to be expected.
One way for French vessels to avoid being cap
tured would be to refrain from the attempt to run the
blockade.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It is -with regret I learn that a wor
thy gentleman has stopped his sub
scription to the paper which prints my
stuff, and has done so because of some
recent remarks of mine about Emma
Goldman. I trust, however, that he Is
not g-overned by the idea that his act
is to be regarded as a calamity, for, in
deed, he is the only sufferer. There
are more logical methods of seeking
revenge. Some people desirous of ex
pressing disapprobation send me po
etry.
•
A correspondent asks me to express
myself as to the right of the telephone
company to make him drop a nickel
in the slot before giving him the infor
mation that he cannot get the number
he wants. Ever ready to oblige, lam
baffled by this request. The company
has no such right; it simply assumes
that it has. It has obtained from me
more than one small coin by its sure
thing game. Ido not know what can
be done about it, for to smash the box
with a club would be regarded as an
extreme measure, and subject the
smasher to inconvenience, although
morally, the use of the club would often
be wholly Justifiable. The matter has
heretofore been called to the attention
of the police, but they have been too
busy in not suppressing poolrooms to
take any action. The telephone gen
tlemen seem to have what might crude
ly be termed the bulge on us here, but
in the last days, when the heavens shall
be rolled up as a scroll, i think they
will squirm mightily as the recording
angel shall put his finger on a long
series of items and say, "How about
those nickels you swiped?"
"Stingy Jim" writes an expression of
gratitude for the manner in which his
combined churn and ice-cream freezer
was extolled last week. I thank him
for doing so. We all desire to be ap
preciated, and my aim is to please.
It seems to me that William Jennings
Bryan is not getting fair treatment.
Some people did not like his campaign
for the Presidency, and enough opposed
his policy to defeat him. I think hs
made a manly fight. As to the worth
of his policy, the decision already ren
dered will have to be accepted. But
when some fool friends of Bryan ap
ply for a generalcy for him he is blamed
for it, and told that the ranks are open
if he wants to serve his country. And
if he were to enlist as a private the
very papers now advising him to do
so would howl at the act as new evi
dence that Bryan is a demagogue.
* •
A young woman sends clear from
lowa a manuscript which she calls "A
Stroll in the Woods." It is accom
panied by a photograph as evidence of
good faith and a pretty face. I have
no doubt that strolls through the lowa
woods are enjoyable affairs, but unless
she can resist the Impulse to 'write
about the emotions they arouse, it is
clearly her duty to the public to take
them but rarely. I was touched by
description of her success in getting
through a barbwire fence, she being, as
she aptly states, " kind of tall and
wiry," but yet there was so much hard
ly up to this standard that to use tha
article is impossible. I confess to a
pang at sending back the photograph.
* • •
Years ago four men united in a plan
to build a railroad across the
continent. It was a big, bold
scheme. They had a little mon
ey, which they devoted to the pro
ject. The history of their undertaking
is too familiar to need recital. What
ever may have been their ambitions,
honest ambitions, perhaps, at the start,
they were more than realized. The
four became immensely rich. Three of
them have died, leaving fortunes little
less than stupendous. The fourth sur
vives, his hoard vast beyond calcula
tion. It is to be regretted that the
giant enterprise which Huntington, in
a large measure, has directed from the
first, should have been tainted by fraud,
that scandal should have attended its
progress, been a part of its history,
and seem to cloud its future. For
Huntington is a great man. In intel
lect as in physique he towers above his
fellows. At the age of four score his
mind is clear and keen. He knows the
story of the Southern Pacific as no one
else is destined ever to know it. There
are chapters he will never reveal, and
attempts to make him do so represent
wasted effort and lost time. I saw him
last week before the Railroad Commis
sioners undergoing what they were
confident was an examination. It was
nothing of the kind. Mr. Huntington
was many times more than a match
for the Commissioners. He played with
them, wrapped them about his finger,
made them seem his pitiful puppets.
An answer to such questions as they
asked would have been of no value, but
he would not even answer these. He
affably talked all around a point, but
at last evaded it. He professed the ut
most willingness to tell everything, and
told nothing. They stood in awe of
him. He was the living representative
of millions; he was railways, steam
ships, shipyards, gold. Not a man in
the lot but knew Huntington was guilty
of evasion. I say "evasion" because
myself somewhat in awe of his im
pressive personality, and checked by
the respect due old age. But nobody,
even by insinuation, expressed the be
lief that when Huntington declared
himself to have acquired nothing but
poverty by his association with Paci
fic roads, he spoke aught but truth.
Thus the examination became a farce.
The gentlemen composing- the commis
sion should remember that their wit
ness has been on the stand before. The
Pattison committee tried in vain to get
him to tell how he and his partners
had played a confidence game and won
the stake. They sought to cajole or
trap him into committing himself, but
failed utterly. Something of the bound
less iniquity of the Huntington meth
ods they did, indeed, lay bare, but
aside from a cumbersome pile of re
ports, nothing came of it. Yet Patti
son was a lawyer of acute mentality,
long experience, skilled in the art of
cross-questioning, hostile to the wit
ness. At that time there were in ex
istence many records since destroyed,
correspondence long ago committed to
the flames, intimates of Huntington,
now silent in their graves. All the se
crets they knew are locked in his
breast. There they are safe. Senator
Morgan put Huntington through a
course of Queries. He is an eminent
lawyer, was anxious to learn the truth..
By HENRY JAMES.
He, too, failed. Whatever may have
been the impression Morgan received,
it did not shake Huntington, abate his
power, lessen his standing. The man
is simply beyond the reach of law. He
can defy the Government itself. Courts
and Legislatures he can buy; journals
of some sort, corrupt; individuals, make
his own for a price. And this little
commission of doubtful authority, of
untrained personnel, assumes that it
can make Huntington onen the sealed
pages of his life. For it to delve into
the r"^ + ant past is mere foolishness.
Such accounting as Huntington may
give will be given before a higher tri
bunal than the world knows. But the
commission might reasonably ask him
if he had a $30,000 contract with the
Examiner; if he paid that paper $7000
for the printing of a certain speech;
if the figure for its judicious forbear
ance was ever set at $5000 and paid.
These are specific and recent things.
He might think it no harm to tell
about them. But as to the corruption
which has crystallized into an enorm
ous corporation, himself its head and
front, Huntington will be dumb to the
end of his time; else charm the listen
ing ear with a flood of reminiscence
and prophecy, or exalt his achievement
until the hearers yield to hypnotic in
fluence, and the session adjourns, no
whit having been added to the sum of
human knowledge.
• •
In good faith somebody has asked
me as to the wisdom of attending a
school of journalism. Never having
attended a school having this title, I
am at loss how to reply. Still, my ad
vice would be to attend something else.
Among working newspaper people, the
graduate of a school of journalism
would be regarded as a joke, and his
first important detail would be the un
learning of all he had absorbed during
his course, unless the mere ability to
write correct English. The only place
to be relied upon for learning the news
paper business is in a newspaper of
fice. There some of us have studied
it for years, and are free to admit that
we do not know it all.
Never but once have I had the pleas
ure of seeing the Rev. Edwards Davis
of Oakland. On that occasion his shiny
hat had been joggled over one ear, his
abundant hair was askew, and the fear
in his face was not the fear of the
Lord. He was trembling lest a lot of
reporters give him a licking, as he had
used his garb to cut into their busi
ness. In other words, he had employed
the character of preacher so as to be
enabled to obtain an interview from a
man, since suddenly dead, who de
clined to talk to newspaper representa
tives. I thought then the Davis feet
were in the downward path which lead
eth to the grand bounce, and time has
proved the correctness of the theory.
The gentleman is out of a job. No
clamor to have him enter another pul
pit fills the land. The stage is crowded.
The sorrowful possibility presents It
self that Davis may have to go to
work.
• • •
Ishmael Dalphetty Is in his grave,
But never a tear is shed;
For Ishmapl, in truth, was a sorry knave.
And we joy that the cuss is dead.
In life he'd a habit of lying low,
'Twas venom made him expire:
So we hope his soul Is a spark aglow
As it laves in a lake of fire,
* « •
I note with interest amounting to en
thusiasm that William Astor Chanler
has gone to join Gomez, and that he is j
accompanied by a valet. There is rea=
son to fear, however, that Gomez has
been a trifle neglectful in this regard.
I trust the knowledge of his deficiency
will not embarrass him. It is under
stood that a number of worthy young
men are going from this country with
the intention of putting up as good a
fight as the>\can, and that compara- !
tively few of them will have valets.
• •
It seems to me the present is an ex
cellent time for such foreign-born resi
dents as do not approve of the course
of this country to pack their grips and
get back whence they came. If I hao
my way I would welcome intelligent
foreigners who sought this country
with a view to acquiring citizenship,
and those who come merely to make
money and take it away, reviling our
institutions while they remain, I would
conduct to the border. They deserve
less consideration than the contract la
borer, and stand on the plane of the
Chinese.
* * •
It is happily the fact that I have the
privilege, subject to abrupt curtail
ment, of expressing in this column
opinions which are not indorsed by the
edit,or, and are directly counter to edi
torial policy. This relieves me, and
does nobody any harm. I think the
United States has too long followed the
scheme of being in the world and not
of It. We have attended to our own
business within lines so restricted that
the aggressions of nations openly hog
gish, have swept up to our very doors.
So we have had to take the Philippines,
so we will take Cuba, and, perhaps,
ultimately, Hawaii. In the last there
can be no advantage save to keep
somebody else from taking it. If we
assume the position of a dog in the
ganger, we would have to fight for
the islands without owning them. I
hope sincerely that the' Stars and
Stripes will float permanently over the
Philippines. The mongrel people down
there need to be governed by a strong
hand, and I have more confidence in
the hand of Uncle Sam than in that
of the war-lording Kaiser. As to Cuba,
it Is certain to be ours. It will be
turned over to the Cubans until they
shall have demonstrated their large in
capacity to take care of it. If by
miracle they prove themselves capable,
then they can have their little old
island and welcome. But the proba
bilities are that while they keep it
there will be a continuous throat-cut
ting performance in Uncle Sam's rear
yard. "We ought to have a great navy,
and let the world know that it is great,
crack the impertinent pate of any
back-number power which tries to di
rect our affairs, and go on the general
theory that we are the people.
• •
It Is impossible not to have an ad
miration for Theodore Roosevelt. He
seems to be an American all through.
He is ready to fight at the drop of
the hat, and Is always on the lookout
for a hat precariously balanced. If his
"rough riders" do not do good work
I shall be greatly mistaken. True,
there are many among them who habit
ually wear kid gloves while follow in*
the pursuits of peace, but the chances
are they will leave these behind.
Roosevelt has been in the West. He
knows the cowboys, and the bucking
bronco is no novelty to him. He has
acquired a becoming and consistent
hatred for the Spanish, and they will
learn to dislike him.
• •
An evening paper remarks that at
present there is a fashion of blaming
the races every time a y—»* man
turns out to be a thief. There certain
ly is such a fashion, but as the blame
is r'ghtly placed in nineteen cases out
of twenty, the fashion itself cannot be
viewed as a mere fad.
It is good to turn from contemplation
of the horrors of war to the calm and
soothing pages of the Bowling Green
Times, published in Pike County, Mis
souri. What beneficent Providence sent
this my way, I know not, yet I am
grateful to it. I shall attempt no
analytical treatment of the Pike County
product, but lay some of its gems be
fore readers who do not have the privi
lege of possessing a copy. There are
items, personal, serious and jocular.
Strangely enough, the jocuiar ones are
serious and the serious ones cause glad
some smiles. Here are samples:
Jake Moore gave a fencing Tuesday.
Jake Is a prosperous farmer, and we wel
come him into our midst.
Some four or five of the young members
of the Peno church have been walking
disorderly, and were excluded at the last
meeting of the church.
We understand there was quite a shoot
ing scrape at Curryville last week. We
did not learn the particulars.
Mrs. William Scott is on the mend
again.
pur town should feel proud for having
in its limits such a good Christian lady
as Mrs. Rooker.
Thpn is told of the sensation caused
by some wicked young men who placed
a bent pin so that the pastor, at a sol
emn moment, sat down upon the same.
There is a column account of a social
function, which event had been marked
by "Dainty ham sandwiches and ice
cream which would melt in your
mouth." It is to be observed by the
closing: paragraphs of the account that
the function was really a recherche af
fair, as note:
As the last happy guest departed.thank
ing the hostess for such a delightful even
ing, the front doors shut to with a re
sounding' clang, and the floating echoes
whispered through the now deserted de
partments.
Dark grow the shadows, and quenched is
the fire,
Sound fades into silence, all footsteps re
tire.
Xo voice in the chambers, no sound in the
hall,
Sleep and oblivion reign over all.
Then there is a charming page de
voted to personal mention. From this
I learn that " Miss Carrie White is
chilling." The information was puz
zling at first. It did not appear that
the morose disposition of Miss White
was any proper subject for comment.
But having captured a genuine Missou
rian, he made clear to me that the lady
was merely undergoing a preliminary
tussle with fever and ague. There is
another Miss White, who, instead of
chilling, is evidently thrilling. She has
contributed a poem on the loss of the
Maine, the last stanza of it being good
enough for an Examiner war bulletin,
in proof of which I present it:
Ah! well! God will lift the curtain
On the resurrection morn,
And the one who did this playful act
Will be looked upon with scorn.
From poetry to pork is but a step,
and one may glide from Macie's — I for
got to say her other name was Macie —
from Macie's impassioned lines to Ham
lett's mutilated and murdered pig, al
most with a sense of relief. I will
close with the editor's scathing ar
raignment:
Some person with a devilish spirit shot
a hog belonging to James Hamlett a few
days ago. These demons who have been
doing these devilish things to innocent
animals will soon be found, and they
should meet the same death that these
animals do.
Which strikes me as a fair proposi
tion.
A handsome present for your Eastern
friends, Townsend's Cal. Glace Fruits. 50c
lb.. In fire etch boxes. 627 Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone >.am lu-42. ♦
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and itch
ing scalp mail this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade. For
sale by all druggists. •
INDUSTRIAL GROWTH.
The industrial and commercial growth
of the United States of late years has be
come much more symmetrical. On the Pa
cific Coast great strides have been made,
and development is going steadily for
ward on broader lines. The same thing
is true of the South. The establishment
of an enormous iron Industry and the
movement of export trade toward Gulf
ports are two important pointers show
ing the trend of advancement. — Philadel
phia Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACKAYS
I GREAT I
! SPECIAL SALE. I
i THE SUCCESS ATTENDING OUR E§
BALE ENCOURAGES US TO CON- fcj
| TIN V IT INDEFINITELY. H
! CAR PETS. I
Af, For TAPESTRY— Good wear- £
O^ving, 20 patterns: to close. RJ
f» O/-» HEAVY TAPESTRY — Close B
UAvwcav*, parlor, hall and din- M
, ; ;;■■>' ing room patterns. eJ
lyy-. Best Quality and 10 wire M
4 4 TAPESTRY— Borders to match, n
all manufactures. . H
C 1 ACS LOWELL BODY BRU3- 5
3>I»U€>SELS.
i <t»| OK HIGH PILE AXMIX- B
•Fosters. H
! Sewed, Laid and Lined. . fa
f KELIM-SMYRNA RUGS— 6x9, $3 15. H
10:6x7:6. $11 25; 9x12. $15 75. H
100 ROLLS HEAVY ' SEAMLESS H
CHINA MATTING.' 12^c. W
SPECIAL PRICES ON EVERY- H
j THING. O
FURNITURE.
$16 83— 3-piece SOLID OAK CHAM- S
BER SET; large French-plate mirror. H
$3 95— ENAMELED IRON BED- H
STEAD; brass trimmings: all sizes. ; H
$I— Full-size WIRE MATTRESS. £3
$2 60— Full-size WOOL MATTRESS. U
Many other, good things In this de- H
partment. ; : . - ; • . H
DON'T. BUY TILL YOU SEE' OUR £4
STOCK. P
ALEX. MACKAY & SON, I
; 715 Market St. 1POLITICS AND
THE CAMPAIGN
GAGE NOW
OUT FOR
GOVERNOR
Col, Otis Too Great a
Load for Him to
. Carry,
Bids the Warrior Adieu
and Wishes Bulla
Good Luck,
George Arnold Wants Voters to
Forget His Friendship
for the S. P.
RELIES ON RAILROAD SUPPORT.
Gossip That Will Prove Interesting
to Those Concerned Sn the
State Political Pie.
Politics brings strange bedfellows. Be
cause of this it now appears that the j
Fouthern portion of the State will be i
asked to support a Los Angeles Republi
can in the race for the nomination for I
Governor. The man is Harry Gage.
Gage would like to succeed Stephen M.
"White as United States Senator, and dur
ing- the past two months has devoted his |
best endeavors toward achieving that end.
Being a man cf rare good sense and judg
ment, he has at last come to a realization
of the fact that he is doubly unfortunate ,
in having so strong a rival as R. X. Bulla j
and so unpopular a friend and supporter :
as Harrison Gray Otis, the warrior jour- i
nalist who directs the destinies of the |
Los Angeles Times. Finding himself be
tween the devil and the deep sea, as it
■were. Gage is said to have done the only
thing left for him to do— bidden a regret
ful adieu to his hopes for a Senatorial
toga and severed diplomatic relations
•with the patriotic but unpopular Otis.
As is well known, Otis is blasting the j
gubernatorial aspirations of Attorney-
General Fitzgerald by supporting, them, i
so what could be more natural than for J
Gago to take advantage of the situation t
to make use of his own personal popular- ,
ity by presenting himself as a candidate
for the place at the head of the ticket. |
Better, he thinks, to die by the ballots |
of his political adversaries than to be •
, bowled over by the recoil of his own ar
tilU-ry— assuming, for the sake of tne !
metaphor, that Otis is any kind of a gun,
big or little. :V;;: V ;; ,
If it be true that Gage has, by a single
act parted company with his Senatorial
aspirations and his uninfluential friend,
the fact adds a new complication to the
situation south or the Tehaehapi line.
With Gage out of the running the chances
of U. S. Grant Jr. are very materially
increased^ and it may be i I Limed that
those of Bulla are lessened. Bulla's
strength is conceded even by his oppo
nents in his own party. His record as a
public servant is unassailable, and so far
as known the only charge his enemies
have alleged against him is that he was
born in Canada. It turns out, however,
that he was born in the State of Indiana,
and that he traces his lineage through
good American ancestors back to Revolu
tionary times.
. With Grant the case is different. No
one has had the temerity to question his
nativity] but there are many who have
not hesitated to say that in aspiring to
Senatorial honors he hopes for success
by trading on the name of his illustrous
father. While his detractors have been
enjoying a little cheap amusement at his
expense the young man has been saying
nothing, nough it now develops that he
has sawed considerable political wood.
He has enlisted the sympathy and sup
port of his mother, Mrs. Julia D. Grant,
and she in turn has solicited the moral
as well as the active support of old fam
ily friends, who are powerful in the coun
cils of the party, in furthering the am
bition of her son. It is said that Sena
tors Lodge, Fairbanks and Elkins, Chaun
cey • pew and others have pledged them
selves to support young Grant's cause,
and that they have secured the services
of R. C. Kerans, an astute politician of
St. Louis, as director in chief of their
protege's campaign. Milton J. Green of
Oakland occupies the position of local
manager. He has been touring the State
with his principal for several weeks past:
The name of ex-Governor Mark ham has
Tieen mentioned as a senatorial possibility,
Ibut it is not likely that his "magnetic
hand and hypnotic tongue" will ever
again figure in a political campaign in
this State. It is related of Markham that j
he possesses, the faculty of making the
person with whom he may happen to be
conversing believe that he places implicit
trust in no one but Markham, the person
with whom he is talking and God. The !
order in which the members of the trinity
are named cannot be otherwise than flat
tering to the listener.
A majority of the voters -who helped tn
elect George L. Arnold of Los Angeles to
a position on the Board of Equalization
from the Fourth District had hoped that
he would be content with the unenviable
record he has made and that at the ex
piration of his term of office he would be
willing to retire, to the comparative se
clusion of private life for all time to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. FIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
o^^*^. CURES DISEASE WITHOUT MEDICINE.
jf' ' .•*i\ OTIIKU BELTS CAN BE HAD; SOME
jyjSi^rfe- . *'A We could Jill this whole newspnper with letters
pctt'i^^ S'ft^i'sSi'.JiS , received from people who have been cured by
Jt^yi^C- 'igi It. Pierces Belt, but we won't do it: would
«HS«feaßS«M&l^§B&iM • cost too much, and then we .should ' have to
r /tvr^^SH^^^^^^^^' ' charge very high prices for the belts, like the
fsrjyif"' ■■'T'n'-^'.'-v' *• / '.^c^^ ■ "Q u acks" do who put such big advertisements
WfEfci; >'" 'Wiss&l In the papers. The. following, letter is- like
b^Jjt-f.v.-' '£'■ ; *vyV"^ >^»M ■■ hundreds* of others which wtz now have on
v '(*^' '/^* " I^--*^^^v'-*v 3* IT CURED HIS BACK.
y.^, .." , « tlemi-n: (Jr.ce nt^ain I address you. this time
/,'" '" ' " ',- -J. -.. *+;<* -to order a $15 Belt. The ooe you 3ent.me last
¥^^^S*?vMv' ■ S/ * r > 'Piify&P'f'Jn ■> < '♦»*■% > October was a beauty, and the party for which
; • *&iswt3B&SU l i " ' • : I ordered it was well pleased with its effect
f '' :^^^^tt^^^^V^&Y^T^^' *V on lllm : so much so Indeed that I have never
11 -''• -' x hPf-rd him" complain of his back hurting him
J " VV ' J " v *(■ N " wM since. So please mall one of your No 2 Chain
Belts complete to Mr. . of Plainsburg. Cal.,
y^^^^%^^ ri,\ wI V l K^ e '^' a Cha , nces °.f. f havlnp him i.oy
ll dld not he!p hlm - .} remain, yours truly,
Ml&l^^^^^^S^Sl^^^^^ Get our new book - Writ? fo? nto^-day^'for
■ W^^^^^^ft^^^y^^S&^^K^ th e next time you look for this advertisement
«^^l^K^»^SjM^^^^ you may not find it. Or. better still, call at
our sale?rpoms and manufuctory and examine
; W^M»fwWM®W^ffi the Bood3 for - YoUrself - Address
SwS«l^^^w 62 MARKET ST., Opp. p4lace Hotel - Saa Fr»nei»co,
i m«Hli»»i»a«™*'' or Sullivan Block, First ay.. Seattle. Wash.
come. In this they are doomed to disap
pointment. Arnold has announced him
self as a candidate for renomination, and
will rally to his support ail of the cor
poration Influences whose interests he
has so assiduously cared for during his
term of office. The Southern Pacific Com
pany's politica.l bureau will no doubt lend
him moral and material support, after the
manner of its kind, but it will take a fine
hand and a long sack to make the voters
of the district forget or forgive the fact
that Arnold has persistently acted as the
subservient tool of the corporation. He
is besides a straggler from the violated
fold of Shepherd Hervey Llndsey. a fact
that tends to strengthen his general un
popularity.
II there were any real doubt as to the
result of Arnold's candidacy It would be
set at rest by a knowledge of the fact
that Frank Matttson of Santa Cruz i 3 in
the field for the Board of Equalization
nomination from the Fourth District. He is
the present Assessor of Santa Cruz Coun
ty and is well known from one end of the
State to the other as a man of sterling
worth and Integrity. He is also one of
the most popular and best-known mem
bers of the order of Native Sons of the
Golden West, and has for many years
held a high place in the councils of the
order. His candidacy will be a popular
L. C. Morehouse of Alameda County
will be a candidate for re-election as a
member of the Board of Equalization. As
\.t there has been no one to come for
ward to oppose him. Charles Schirmor
of Vacavllle will be a candidate for the
place now held by R. H. Beamer. Beamer
is also a candidate for re-election, and as
both men are popular in the district the
race between them may prove to be of
more than ordinary interest.
E. Dinke>spiel of Suisun, editor of the
Solano Republican, is seeking the posi
tion of coiner in the San Francisco mint.
In the meantime he enjoys the distinction
of being the "political boss of Solano
County," a position that is not wholly
without its rewards, a.s it places Dinkel
spiel In a position to render material aid
to his partner, Ben Rush, who wants to
be re-elected to the office of Sheriff of
the county. Dinkelspiel, like Mattisgn,
is a popular Native Son. a fact that will
not prove a hindrance to nis quest for a
fat Federal job.
It is nothing to the detriment of a man
to wish to fight for his country. In fact,
such a sentiment is very much to his
credit. But it is none the less interesting
to note the unanimity with which a num
ber of California's great men are squaring
their shoulders for the longed-for touch
of the epaulets of a brigadier general of
volunteers. As but one of them can be
accommodated it is pleasing to think that
the others, robbed of a legitimate desire.
will still prove true to their patriotic feel
uid enlist as privates. If a man
wants to fight for his country it does not
matter much, after all. what kind of a
uniform he wears. To be sure, there is a
wide difference between the 85000 a year
of a brigadier and the $13
a month pittance of a private: but then
true patriotism is not measured by dol
lars and cents.
The list of eligibles for the high honor
and the epaulets— and the salary—be
gins with Governor Budd and goes on
down ■ if names not unknown to
local fame until the eye grows weary and
1 with the brilliant array.
General John H. Dickinson would like to
the distinguished honor. So would
lei Mosby, whose recent tilt with
General Miles bids fair to become a part
of the history of the present war. Then
Is General W. 11. H. Hart, who has
smelled powder in wars gone by; Lionel
A. Sheldon of T,os Angeles, a man of mar
tlal tb ho can also boast of being
the ex-Governor of Arizona: C<
George A. Stone, formerly a warrior, now
i.rnun of recognized morit; General
Theodore A. Reichert of Berkeley, who
ha? been there before; General Muller of
Guard fame ;ex-Postmaster S.
\V. Backus, who knows as much about
military tactics as he does about the
mails: Lyman Bridges. Evan Davis,
James Cory and a host of others. To go
over the e.ntJre list would be to call the
roll of the flower of < 'alifornia's chivalry.
Chairman AJford of the Democratic
Central Committee has announced
the names of the men who are to serve on
immlttee having in charge the work
i :" harmonizing the local Democracy, con
ferring on the question of fusion or no
fusion, and fixing the date and place of
meeting of the lifxt Democratic State
Convention. The committee is composed
of the following named gentlemen: John
\\~. Mitchell of I>os Angeles. John A.
Hicks of San Jose. A. Cfiminetti of Araa
dor ami W. P. Sullivan Jr. and Max Pop
pr-r of San Francisco.
PATRIOTIC
SOCIETIES.
To Care for Members Who
Have Entered or May
Enter the Service.
Yosemite Council of the National Union
at its last held meeting decided to main
tain in good standing any of Its members
who may enlist for the war with Spain.
Social Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends adopted a resolution at Us last
held meeting to pay out of its general
fund all dues and assessments of mem
bers of the council who have volun
teered or shall volunteer to serve during
the war between the United States and
Spain.
Court Golden West of the Foresters of
America has decided to remit the dues
of all its members who shall enlist or
have already enlisted In the volunteer
service of the United States, and if any
of such members are injured in the ser
they shall be entitled to the sick ben
efits thai the order guarantees,
Unity Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
has decided by n unanimous vote as
it favors the maintenance of the honor
of the country to donate to any member
in good standing who may volunteer in
the service of the country all dues during
such time as he may be in such service,
and that the lodge will during absence
assist the families of such volunteers if
necessary.
War Incidents.
Surgeon William Martin, United States
navy, retired, now 1 residing in San Fran
< isro, recently offered his services to the
Government, expressing a willingness to
j.'rform duty in yellow fever hospitals.
Yesterday he received an acknowledg
ment from Surgeon-General Van Rev Don
WASHINGTON. May 7.-The Mount
Tamalpals Railway Company has ten
dered the Government, throiigh Senator
Perkins, its station on the summit for use
as an observatory and signal station
Senator Perkins laid the tender before
Secretary Alger.
Died of His Injuries.
William MoPnuley of 1587 Valleio street
died on the 4th of this month at St
Mary's Hospital from the result of inju
ries received by falling into the hold of
a vessel whilqpvorking as a stevedore. An
inquest has been waived.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
HIS GOLDEN JUBILEE.
Father De Masini to Celebrate the Fiftieth Anniversary
of His Priesthood,
Rev. Telephorus de Masini, a priest of the Jesuit community In this city,
will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary or golden jubilee of his priesthood
this morning at St. Ignatius Church with solemn ceremony. This will mark
the first time in the history of the church where a priest of this order has
lived a member of and worked in it for fifty years and stepped over the
half-century mark with a firmness that forebodes at least a decade of con
tinued life to crown the labors of his life work and reflect a lasting mem
ory on his church, in whose interests and glory he has so fervently worke-i
and sa< rlflced his being and his Hie to perpetuate the name of the Savior.
Preparations have been actively in progress for the last week in the church
in anticipation of the event, and the clergy have spared no effort in arrang
ing a cerempny that will record a memorable epoch in the life of the aged
prelate and an event long to be remembered in the layman mind.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at 10:30 o'clock by Father de Ma
sini in person, assisted by the clergy of St. Ignatius Church. Alary's grand
mass has been selected for»rendition by an augmented choir of more than
fifty voices, which has been specially engaged and trained for the occasion.
In the evening, commencing at 7:30 o'clock, solemn high vespers, followed
by benediction, will be observed, the sermon at vespers to be delivered by-
Father Woods.
The interior of the church will present a beautiful picture of electric
light effects and magnificent decoration. The high altar will be adorned
with innumerable and myriads of flickering lights and golden candelabra
entwined, in which will be delicate streamers of smiinx. surrounded with
Bermuda lilies and artificial flowers. Directly over the altar railing will be
suspended a number of swinging candelabra, which as they hang pendant
Will form a complete semicircle of light.
Invitations to the ceremony have been extended to the pastors of nearly
every church in the city, and will be accepted without exception.
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon, immediately after the ceremony of mass.
a dinner will be served in the parochial residence adjoining, being tendered
to Father de Masini by the priests of St. Ignatius Church.
I>ater in the day. at 3 o'clock, the members of the Young Ladies' So
dality, under the direction of Father Calzia, will hold a reception in the Col
lege Hall, which will be followed by another of the same character the
following afternoon by the students of the college. At the reception on
Monday Archbishop Riordan will deliver an address, as will also a number
of prominent prelates of the secular e'ergy.
The life and career of Father de Masini present an interesting picture of
devotion and self-sacrifice to God, which, grounded as it is on a foundation
of sincerity, outlived persecution and finally triumphed over every ob
stacle that was thrown in the pathway of life that the venerable old man
had chosen from his earliest boyhood days.
He was born in Italy on the 11th of May, 1*23. and at the age of 16 years
entered the Catholic seminary of his native city, where he studied dili
gently for many years. After these years of close application to study he
left the college, as is customary in the Jesuit order, and taught for several
months in a parochial school.
Upon his return to the college, after receiving a thorough experience In
teaching, he again took up his studies, which he was compelled soon after
to temporarily abandon and retire into France, on account of the political
disturbances of 1848 in Rome. When quiet had been restored he again re
turned and compli ted his theological course. He had been engaged, after
leaving college, for some years in teaching belles lettres in the province of
Venice, when the invasion of Italy by Napoleon again forced him to set
out for France in IS6L In 1564 he arrived in Canada, where he discharged
the duties of a professor for four years, and in IS6S he set out for San Fran
cisco, where he arrived in the month of October of that year.
Upon his arrival in this 'city he joined the Society of Jesus in the old St.
Ignatius College on Market street, which formerly occupied the present site
of the Emporium building. He remained in this city until ISS7, when he
left here to accept the professorship of philosophy In the Santa Clara Col
lege and at the same time the ministry of the Catholic Church at Moun
tain View (Santa Clara).
He held the professorship of the college until July, 1594, when he was re
called to again resume his duties in this city.
From this time he has continually remained here, being employed in
teaching moral philosophy and modern languages in the new college on
Grove street. In addition to a thorough knowledge of moral philosophy,
he is an accomplished linguist, speaking French and other languages with
the fluency of a native.
GEORGE MONNIER
IS DULY MARRIED
Judge Hebbard Refuses to
Set Aside a Marriage
. Ceremony.
Male Child of Eighteen May Marry
Without Asking His Father*
Consent.
Mrs Violet T. Monnler has Just won an
Important suit against George Monnier,
guardian for his son, George H. Monnier
Senior Monnler, who Is quite wealthy, did
not like the marriage of his son. His
son's wife is a handsome young womar of
good character and education, but she
had no money in comparison with the
funds of the Monniers, and the guardian
of his son sought to annul the marriage.
He failed. , . ,
The marriage of the son took place In
March 1897. Young Monnier was soon
Induced by his father to leave his wife.
She was served with the papers in Jan
uary of this year, the husband being In
Germany. The grounds of the suit were
that the son was not quite 19 years of
ace and that he could not legally marry
without the consent of his parents.
Judge Highton was attorney for Mrs.
Monnior. He demurred to the petition on
the ground that any male child over 18
years of age may consent to his own mar
riage without any one rise's consent, the
age of 21 being the legal age for other
purposes. Judge Hebbard, who tried the
case directed that the action be dis
missed on the ground that the boy was
old enough to marry.
Another point in the case is that young
Monnier swore that he was 21 years of
age in order to get his marriage license.
He is therefore liable to prosecution for
Derjurv which is a peniter.tftiry offense.
There is a beautiful babe four months
old awaiting the return of its legal father.
The decision of Judge Hebbard fixes the
status of Mrs. Monnier as the legal wife
of George Monnier. As there is no trouble
between himself and his wife he will
probably return to her some day before
long arid become acquainted with his
child.
Police Gatling Gun.
Captain Spillane, Sergeant Perrln and
six stalwart policemen attracted quite a
crowd yesterday afternoon as they march
ed from the armory on Page and Gough
streets dragging a Gatling gun after
them. The gun was deposited In the as
sembly room of the Southern district at
theCltyHall. and thepollcewill be drilled
on how to handle the gun in times of
emergency. Chief Lees said that the gun
had been secured through the ini.uence of
Adjutant General Barrett.
STAG PARTY IN THE PARK.
A Jolly Time for Jolly Fellows Out
at Leonhardt's Casino.
The private stag party given at the
I-ieonhardt Casino in Golden Gate Park
last evening was an event long to be re
membered by the jolly good fellows who
attended.
The merry old stag waltz, the two step
and the five were danced as merrily as if
the fairer sex was unknown, and the
fancy dances and that dance of twists
seen so often by travelers in the far East,
were performed to a perfection seldom
seen.
Music and the echoing sounds of laugh
ter and merriment from the picturesque
resort in the depths of the solitude of the
south drive at such an unseemly hour of
the night had the effect of startling the
passer-by and encouraging h!m to double
his speed in the opposite direction to get
beyond hearing distance of the mysteri
ous sounds, as the surrounding beauty of
the park when disturbed by anything out
of the ordinary has the effect of produc
ing a peculiar influence on the imagina
tion, which Is often anything but con
genial to comfort in a lonely place.
There were jolly fellows galore in the
brilliantly lighted dining room of the hos
telry, and the stag ended in a whirl of
pleasure— all being happy and extremely
jolly.
Milling Men at War.
R. H. Hoag and Ben Goodman, two well
known mining men, had a dispute Friday
about two men who were going to the
Klondike, and it resulted in the arrest of
Hoag yesterday on a warrant charging
him with battery. He was released on
bonds. Goodman alleges that Hoag dur
ing the dispute seized him >.y the left arm
and brought it violently against his
mouth, cutting one of his lips.
Banquet of Pacific Porlor.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W., will
banquet Junior Past Grand President
George D. Clark and Grand Trustee
Joseph K. Hawkins at the Malson St.
Germain on Tuesday evening next. Covers
have been laid for 100 and the evening
Will he passed in speech-making, song
and story.
Fractured His Leg.
C. E. Macy, 229 ft Eignth street, was
moving a piano from a house on Gough
and Fulton streets yesterday morning
when the instrument slipped and crushed
his left leg, breaking both bones. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
he was attended to.
Advances made on furniture - -d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL COMPETE
FOR A TROPHY
League of the Cross Ca
dets Will' Give a Com
petitive Drill.
To Constitute the Last Contest
for the Montgomery
Medal.
A Glimpse of the Organization and
Its Fitness for Active
Servioo.
The third and last competitive drill for
the Montgomery trophy wH be held by
the League of the Cross Cadets Tuesday
evening, May 24. and is to decide whether
Company G is entitled to the permanent
possession of the magnificent prize.
Company G is composed of young men
of St. Brigid's parish, who have thus far
succeeded in defeating every rival com
pany in the league for the past two years
as the best-drilled cadets of the entire
organization.
The battle that will be fought this year
for the coveted prize will, it is thought,
rival all preceding attempts to wrest the
Jealously guarded medal from the St.
Brigid boys by the other companies of
the league. To prevent the company from
again carrying off the laurels of the con
test, preparatory drilling has already
begun, and if hard labor in drilling and
the study of tactics count for success,
Company G will have to look to its men,
as every member of the league is deter
mined that it shall not receive the final
decision.
The declaration of war has had its ef
fect upon the Cadets of the Cross, and, in
addition to showing Company G that they
know how to pick up one foot after the
other with as much dexterity and science
as they, they want to also show the pub
lic and the army as a body of soldiers
they are capable of going to war and
shouldering a musket as well as the best
of the regulars who have gone to Cuba
to flaunt the protecting stars and stripes
over the oppressed inhabitants of the un
happy isle.
At the conclusion of the competitive
drill, which will constitute the leading
and most interesting part of the pro
gramme of the evening, several fancy
drills and exhibitions of skiLi in the manip
ulation of the saber will be given by the
entire company. The league band, com
posed entirely of picked musicians from
the membership roll— young men who
have earned tne well-deserved merit of
constituting one of the best organizations
of its kind in the city— will execute all
the marches and furnish all the music
necessary for the contest and the amuse
ment of the spectators, under the direc
torship of Professor Walton.
Judgment will be passed upon the com
peting teams, and the medal awarded to
the best-drilled and most successful com
pany by three officers of the regular army
stationed at the Presidio.
The five best out or' the following named
companies will contest for the trophy,
and are to be selected on the Sunday af
ternoon preceding the 24th of May:
Company A — Captain, Frank S. Drady; first
lieutenant, Robert Steele; second lieutenant,
John T. L«ong.
Company I! — Captain. J. T. Curley; first lieu
tenant, F. A. Hopper; second lieutenant, S. A.
Hlley.
Company C— Captain, Joseph I. Mahoney;
first lieutenant, William Foley; second lieu
tenant. George Caveny.
i 'uir.pan y I>— Captain, Ignatius D. Dwyer;
f; st lifutenant. Geonje H. Sullivan; second
lieutenant, Vincent I. Carroll.
Company X—Captain.K — Captain. D. J. McCarthy; first
lieutenant, Kd Crowley; second lieutenant, B.
Malone.
Company F— Captain, Maxtln Ilynes; first
lieutenant. James Brock; second lieutenant,
Charles Hlc-gins.
Company O— Captain, E. J. Power; first lieu
tenant, William A. Madden.
Company II — Captain, James Power; first
lieutenant, J. Kegan; second lieutenant, J.
Keating.
Company I — Captain, H. J. Power; first lieu
tenant, Charles Fordyce; second lieutenant,
J. McCarthy.
Company X— Captain, J. H. Reilly; first lieu
tenant James O'Neill; second lieutenant, L.
Hanley.
Company L — Captain. John P. Carr: first lieu
tenant. A. E. Osborne; second lieutenant, F.
j. Qrlmley.
Company M — Captain. Frank Johnston: first
lieutenant. A. S. Mclntyre; second lieutenant,
Eugene .M. O'Neill
Company N — Captain, .T. J. Power: first lieu
tenant, F. Wyons; second lieutenant, J. Ken
nedy.
If the services of the league were re
rji:!red by Uncle Sam in his present brawl
with Spain it would be led anrl directed
by the following staff of officers:
Colonel, William P. Sullivan: lieutenant
colonel. Thomas F. Ryan: . major First Bat
talion. P. J. McGloin; major Second Battalion,
D C. Deasy: major Third Battalion. W. 11.
McCarthy; captain and adjutant, J. P. Duffy;
lieutenant and inspector, William C. Hopper;
lieutenant and quartermaster, H. Mahoney;
lieutenant and commissary, J. A. Watts: bat
talion adjutant. First Lieutenant F. I. Gonza
lez: battalion adjutant, Firit Lieutenant W. A.
Kelly: battalion adjutant. First Lieutenant J. J.
Crowley: surgeon. Major J. G. Morrisey: regi
mental sergeant. Major J. D. Dougherty bat
talion sergeant. Major B. Minner: battalion
sergeant. Major T. A. Deasy; battalion, ser
geant. Major George F. Welch: trumpeter, V.
Devlin: commissary sergeant. J. Carew; quar
termaster sergeant. Leo McGinn: drum major,
W. Young: color sergeant, H. Crowley; color
sergeant. George. Shaw.
The following is a list of officers com
posing the hospital corps:
Captain. Harry C. O'Neill ; first lieutenant.
Philip Mlllericlc: second lieutenant, James F.
McCarthy: hospital steward, A. Conlln; first
sergeant, W. J. Dolan.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
A. TV. Brooks of Stockton is at the
Baldwin.
W. E. Reynolds of Oil City, Pa., la at
the Lick.
Mrs. H. B. Stebblns of New York Is at
the Palace.
Miss Agnes A. Dolph of Portland is at
the Palace.
Mrs. Alice Peters of Washington, D. C,
is at the Palace.
Charles A. Piper, a prominent citizen of
Portland, Is at the Palace.
Many of the officers of the National
Guard from Los Angeles are at the
Grand.
Rev. Alfred S. Clarke of Los Angeles Is
at the Occidental. He will go with the
army to Manila as chaplain.
Club Officers Elected.
The Fifteenth Street and Park Hill Im
provement Club was organized last night
at Dolan's Hall, 231G Fifteenth street. The
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Jmilno pain ! no pain ! wr-m
II) A "flwe Will Save You Teeth Extracted W& W
Hf ,%I| HALF on Your Without Pain. fg|j||
»IShI Dental Bill. No Gas— No Chloroform. &m3^
EXPERIENCED DENTISTS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), May 9, and WEDNESDAY, May 11, V
All patients who call at our parlors and get an estimate on their dental work will be
entitled to OINIE GOLD FILLING FREE.. S|
PLATES WARRANTED TO FIT. 1fr0m........ ..:....;...;.............:........... ...U 50
GOLD FILLINGS, fr0m...... ■•-• :.-...:. ..:......... «■> cents .
Greatly increased patronage ha» compelled us to enlarge our parlors in order to give
our patients in the future the same careful attention and good work which have made our
offices popular. Aljrj VT'ORK ■WARRANTED.
OPEN EVENINGS AND SUNDAYS TILL 2.
t.s. higgins, p. p. s., | Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
\ -/. . 92 7 MARKET STREET. - : ''.'. '.;... "■
Over Cafe Ziokand. Fifth FJoor— Elevator. j
following officers were elected: President,
A. J. Bolfing; treasurer, Q. Moulin; sec
retary, H. D. Rogers: serg-eant-at-arms,
C. Leary; with the following vice presi
dents—C. Leary, Charles Noyes. G. Carle
and Charles Helm. The object of the
formation of this club Is to extend Fif
teenth street from Castro to Tllden. Be
fore this can be done, however, a piece
of land must be acquired by the property
owners to make the required connection.
The "Lord Mayor's" charter, with its
thirty-three commissioners, was discussed
by the members of the new club.
GKOCERS ON PABADB.
With the California Commercial
Travelers They Traverse Busi
ness Streets.
The city salesmen ceased from their im
portunir.gs yesterday afternoon. To
gether with a large number of the
grocers, some in barouche? "»nu some in
buggies, they paraded along the principal
streets with a brass band. Their idea
was to attract attention to the banners.
which each buggy bore, announcing that
the joint picnic of the Retail Grocers'
Association and the California Commer
cial Travelers' Association was to be held
at Schuetzen Park on Wednesday.
F. W. Thompson of Sherwood & Sher
wood act^d as grand marshal for the
parade. His assistant was E. A. James
of the Dairymen's Union. The vehicle
about which the principal Interest cen
tered wa.s a barouche In which rode
Joseph Stulz. the president of the Grocers'
Association, and James R. T. Mershon,
the president of the Travelers' Associa
tion.
Grocers, both In the association and
out, are to close their stores on Wednes
day. Special preparations have been
made to insure a great success. There are
to be over 300 gate prizes alone, and there
will be a lot of odd games.
WHAT WILL BE
SEEN AT THE FAIR
Ladies Preparing Attractive
Displays for the Vis- \
. itor.
Articles of All Descriptions Will Be i
Exhibited and Sold at the
Pavilion.
One of the most attractive booths that
will be at the Masonic Fair which opens i
on Monday evening will be that of Cali- ;
j fornia Commandery of Knights Templar, i
I Joseph Fredericks & Co. furnished the j
! booth in a most attractive style, and all !
of the sir knights of the commander}' con- J
tributed handsomely toward supplying it
S with attractive articles to be offered for
sale. Mrs. James Logan is the chair
president of the committee that has
charge of the arrangements of decorating j
the booth and preparing the amusement j
to be offered to the visitors. A vaudeville |
entertainment will be one of the attract- |
ive features. One of the most coveted i
prizes to be offered will be a ticket to :
Honolulu and return, given by J. D. :
Spreckels & Bros. Co. Coupons will be !
fiven to each visitor and the holder of the ;
uckj- number will win the prize. The
temporal wants of the visitors of the i
booth will be provided for in a most
bountiful way. The Morgan Oyster Com
pany and M. B. Moraghan, another ex- j
tensive importer and grower of oysters,
have promised to keep the booth supplied
witn those delicacies. >.. - "
The ladies of Crockett Lodge have do- ;
nated a number of unique articles. There :
is something to please all tastes and no
article will cost more than $25. Among
the prizes are a building lot, a large pic- ■
ture of the battleship Maine, beautifully ;
framed: ornaments of silver, beautifully
dressed dolls," orders for shirts, laces, i
camp stoves, sofa pillows, walking canes j
and many other articles.
The most beautiful woman will hold a j
seance every evening at the booth of
Crockett Lodge. t
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Companies L and O Will Give Enter
tainments During the Month.
Company O, League of the Cross Ca
dets, is preparing for an entertainment to
be held in Metropolitan Temple on the
evening of May 31. which promises to
eclipse any former efforts made in this
direction. Congressman J. G. Maguire
has consented to deliver a lecture, and an
elaborate programme is being prepared.
Tffe proceeds will be devoted to the uni
form fund. The following committees
have charge of the affair:
General committee of arrangements —
Captain Harry C. O'Neill (chairman).
Sergeant John Hackonbruck. Sergeant
Thomas Curtin. Corporal Fred Meinecke,
Corporal L.co Farren. James Stack. Ben
jamin Bogue and George Richardson.
Committee on programme— Lieutenant
Philip Millerick (chairman). Sergeant Al
fred A. Power. James Bogue. Lawrence
Richardson, Louis Fullum. John McCar
thy. James Harrington and Joseph Ma
c'ommittee on tickets— Lieutenant James
McCarthy (chairman). Sergeant F. Ber
nard Chambers. Corporal William Mil
lepick, Timothy Hurley, Arthur Micoll.
James Lennon, John Van Hecke and
James Dorland.
Reception committee— Sergeant Joseph
11. Wesploar (chairman). Corporal Wil
liam A. Dorland, Corporal John Skehan,
Musician George White. Thomas H. Mil
lerick George Haley. John Bogue. Au
gust Rfsso, Jesse Ryan, Ben.iamin Burns,
John Miley. .lames Cronin. William Cun
ningham, 'Thomas Connolly. Fred Dc
enrteret, Albert Richardson and Thomas
The members of Company L of Mission
Dolores parish will give a complimentary
entertainment on Tuesday evening. May
10. at Native Sons' Hall, Seventeenth
street, near Valencia.
The arrangements, which are in charge
of a committee acting in conjunction with
the friends of the League of the Cross,
are well under way and nearly completed.
An interesting programme has been ar
ranged, which will consist of three parts.
A number of vocal and instrumental se
lections will be rendered by well known
and local talent, and there also will be
an address made by Rev. Father Gleason
of St. Rose's Church, formerly of Mis
sion Dolores. The third and principal fea
ture of the evening will be interesting and
novel — a flag presentation. A friend on
that evening will present Company L
with Old Glory— a handsome silk flag
through the Young Ladies' Sodality of
Mission Dolores parish.
The music on this occasion will be fur
nished by the League of the Cross Ca
dets' band.
Charter Election Preparations.
At the meeting of the Election Commis
sioners yesterday it was decided to have
the polling booths for the charter election
at the same places that were used for the
election of the Freeholders. It was also
determined to reappoint the election offi
cers who served at the Freeholders' elec
tion.
Who Owns the Chain ?
The police found a sold chain In the
Mechanics' PavnJon Friday night and
they want an owner for it. Attached to
it are two small teeth as d charm.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ » ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Trying to do bet- ♦
ter than our best +
with the follow- X
ing remarkable j
shoe bargains. X
\ i :. "■■'•■. '~'+
+
(lliß 1 fHfifP Ladies' Finest Paris ♦
UUH LtAUtH. Lace Kid Shoes ♦
with welted • sewed soles and *
stitched edges, all A
widths and sizes . . . 1&6»0\) +
♦ LATEST STILES, "" Black and tan - *
+ LAI W I OllLtOi . fancy - vesting*
+ tops ... ....... . $2.00 X
+ Extra quality $2.50 ♦
X < ... *
>- ■ - ■ +
+ Ladies' Finest Paris Kid Button +
-♦- Shoes, welted sewed soles, with "*"
♦ stitched edges .... fl>O A *
+ lADIFV Mf]r^ Cloth and Kid +
I lauiu onutOi TopSi coin toes i
>•.' patent-leather tips ■ • (T>l *7K "♦■
; For the Little Ones, \
+ turn soles^ ''"4-
* Sizes 6 to 8 --- $1.50 ♦
J Sizes B.i to 11 ... .$1.75 ♦
+ Sizes 1H to 2 - - $2.00 ♦
> ' :^__;.,_'-  >
> Strictly one price. +
X Goods sold as ♦
X marked. If not X
X ■ satisfactory J-.
* money refunded. |
■♦■ ; :'■ B^E^^BKa :■ ■;> " ;
+■ " ■ . ' '■■■■"■ ; -.rii. . . "+ -
A. . ' . . i- .."■'•■ -'^ :ij
Send for our Combination Sale price "*"
•♦■ list. . +
_. Mall orders filled promptly.
+ X
"*" Phelan Building.
X 812-814 Market St. ♦
+ -♦•
V;^. -f;^ >;♦'> ♦ >♦♦♦♦■» 4- ♦>
fRk CUlchestcr'* Ensiloh Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
EJ _^^v Original sod Only Genuine. r 'A \ :
"^^ b»fc. al-«aj. reliable. - laoiks uk jS>\ .
f'S\ tt-'AI Rrnft^lst for Chichciler t Englith Din- jKf%\
&**&*»*»£££, "»"'J 'Bratilia Rod au.! (7iJJ nxetAlia\\ky
• ■ —^^S3feboif-«. «ealed with bine ribbon. ToWcNj^ : -
' ; ',fls iffi^ st-jlio other. Refute dangerout rubtlitu- v
l~ / — (V titnu and imitation*. At Druggists, or lend 4a.
I w Jm in Jt.irops for particulars, trsttmooltli »nl
\«» &' " KelJcf for L*«ilf»," in letter, 67 return .
- m \/ ■ If Mu!l. . 10.000 T-«tin>Ji)l»li. Ifmtut Paper.
XX — •rCilehe*terCfceiuiealC<»..M<i<lf(!!mt»<im«r^
kid bj all Local Druggist*. ill 1 1- vl>A., tit \
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
X EARN Y AND WASHINGTON ' STS.—RE-
modeied and renovated. KING. . WARD &
CO.: European plan. : Rooms 50c to •$1 60 day, ■',
$5 to JS week. ?S to $30 month. -Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every .".
room; elevator runs -all night. , -
Hi rai^ Tbßh SHrraBBTQ
Inll^l r vyth Jlnlj JK '-■
.-- ' -
78
LUMPY GOING
FOR TALENT
A Deluge of Despised
Outsiders in Front at
Oakland.
Satsuma Beaten Easily in the
Handicap by Crom
well.
Malay Ran a Clever Race— Zarro
Turned UpWlnnep — Ann Page the
Only Favorite to Earn Brackets.
The big Saturday crowd that attended
the races at Oakland track yesterday
must have thought they had bumped
up against a Spanish flotilla, for they
received a terrific raking and were,
"longsh ->tted" all to pieces. Even the
\vi.«" 'leads, who held a caucus and de
cided that Satsuma ought to win the
mile and a sixteenth handicap, went
astray. Hurly Burly, May W and
Judge Denny were conveniently
scratched and the big money poured
into the books on Satsuma at even
money, though the chestnut horse was
delegated to carry 121 pounds. Crom
well, an eighty-eight pounder, with
Clawson on his back, proved the joker
in the deck, for he made a runaway
race of it and beat the favorite in a
gallop in the fast time of 1:47V 4 .
The menu contained many other lus
cious delicacies, the books fortunately
escaping any big commissions on
them, and El Morn was a tart one
backed to some extent by the left
handed players at odds of 12 and 15 to
1, and Zarro, an S to 1 chance, could
■claim a slight following, but the major
portion of the crowd drew blanks.
When it was all over the two-year-old
Ann Page had the honor of being the
only winning favorite.
The latter filly was an even money
choice for the opening four furlong
scramble and justified the confidence
reposed in her by winning all the way.
The Fretter, ridden by Tompkin.s for
the first time showed to some advan
by taking the place from Rrito
martis, at the enticing odds of 30 to 1.
Polka, the second choice, seems to be
of little account.
The Burns & Waterhouse stable fur
nished the favorite in the six furlong
dash that followed, and an extremely
bad one. It was Colonel Dan, and dur
ing his vacation some one must have
ined his speed, for he chopped it
up badly and was unplaced even with
little Meany on his back. In a long
drawn out finish Kid McNichols, astride
El Moro, got the verdict from Formella,
with Clawson up. by a nose.
The Burns & Waterhnuse stable had
another favorite bowled over in th«
four and a half furlong scramble for
members of the two-year-old division.
Banewor, the fast Stromboli filly, was
Fent over to thf post an 8 to 5 chance
and in a mild drive from the paddock
was led out nearly two lengths by
Bookmaker Johnny Humphrey's brown
colt, Malay, against which 5 to 1 waa
laid. E. Come, the Montana delegate,
was a close third.
Dan Honlg's Caspar enjoyed first call
In the hitting on the starters for the
mile selling run. for which a field of
twelve lined up at the barrier. Pig
pot had the l-*g up, hut his mount never
looked dangerous. When neariner tht
■wire it had apparently simmered down
to a duel between Robair and Polish,
Thorpe came with a rush on the out-
Fide. Zarro downing the former horse
half a length in 1:42%.
For the final race of the afternoon,
n Beven furlong selling affair, the crowd
plunged on Recreation to get even.
pending the filly out a 4 to F> choice.
Woods, who had the mount, did not gel
nvny from the post any too well, and
though riding a good race could not get
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-16Oth day of the
V> Winter Meeting. Saturday. May 7. 189 S. Weather fine. Track
fast.
ft 9ft FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $300.
864 Ann Page 10S^ 1
T'«4 The Fretter 11l 4
1015 Brltr.martis
&72 Crossniolina 108! 2
569 Baby King 11l 5
97J Sir Urian I
849 r..lka HI 3
984 Sant.-110 1181 S
SOS Billy Ci 111, 9
rnpllmentary 103, *
...
1 2%
3 V*
4 ',i
5 1
7 '4
6 li
ill
t
8 1
1 V.
2 «
4 2
3 h
7 1
5 %
6 H
8 Vi
9
1 2^ Piggott i
2 3 ITompklns
3 m. ;G. Wilson....
4 H I McDonald ...
5 1 IClawson
6>A Gouin
7 4 Thorpe
8 3 IPerry
9 IHennessy
IFrawley I
6-5
15
5
5
20
10
5-2
4
15
30
1
20
6
6
40
20
5
10
30
300
•Left.
Time. :49'4-
easily.
Winner, R. Hughes' eh. f. by St. Carlo-Miss Annie.
Good start.
Won
r\Q| SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. ;St. %m. 4m. %m. Stir. Fin. Jockeys.
1006 El Moro. 3 05! 2 ... 1 h 12 1 h 1 ns iMcNlchols ...
f.76 Formella, 3 90: 8 ... 3h 214 2 2 214 IClawson
1006 Duke of York 11. 3. 97,: 7 ... 0 4 4 h 4 4 3h IKlley
(75 Colonel Dan. 3 95 j 4 ... r> 4 3Ms 3 1 4 2 jMeany
a 4 1041 9 ... 9 S >,2, 2 6 4 6 1 Garrlgan
1014 Rapido. a 10611 ... 4 4 8 1 6 2 6 3 Ruiz
910 Alvero 5 106! 5 ... 7 2 7 4 7 2 7 3 R. Narvaez..
10<>9 Pasha a 108! 3 ... 2 1 6 4 8 4 8 2 G. Wilson....
977 Cavallo, 4 1071 6 ... 8 4 9 ? 9 Gouin
El Moro 3 95| 2 ... 1 h 12 1 h Ins iMcK
Form.olla. 3 9018 ... 3h 214 2 2 214 IClaw
Duke of York 11. 3. 97,: 7 ... B % 4 h 4»4 3 h |Klle;
Colonel Dan. 3 9$ 4 ... r> % 3 4 3 1 4 2 IMeai
Attlcua 4 104! 9 ... 9 5V 2 5 4 5 1 Garr
Rapido. a 10611 ... 4 4 8 1 6 2 6 3 Ruiz
Alvero 5 106! 5 ... 7 2 7 4 7 2 7 3 R.
Pasha a 10813 ... 2 1 6 4 8 4 8 2 G. '
Cavallo, 4 1071 6 ... 8 4 9 ? 9 Goui
. Horses.
S'lchols ...] 10
arson I 6
>y ! 12
my 11-2
rigan 30
z 25
Narvaez.. 20
Wilson.... 20
in 30
8
4
10
3-5
50
80
20
40
50
Time, l:lfij&. Winner. J. Mangan's b. c. by Morello-Miss Pickwick,
three driving.
Good start.
Won
1022.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Weight., St.
IVH Malay
r 1000) Banewor
[1004) E Come 1
1004 La Parasseuse
IDO4 Dial
1004 Leo Vcrtner
J-,'4 f'ymnna *
i 6i 6
I
5
41 3 %
3 y» 4 14
6H B 2
12 12
2 IV4 2 1
7 -.6 2
5 2 7
3 V*
4 *
6 3
I 5I 5
6 n
7
1 14
2 h
3 %
4 2
5 2
6 3
7
incuonaia
Woodß
Piggott
Clawson
Ruiz
5
2
3
H
4
10
n
5
8-5
7-2
30
3
30
150
IMcNichols ...
Enos ]
Time, :c6V4. Winner. J. C. Humphreys' br. c. by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Mlss Thomas.
Good start. Won ridden ou^
023.
FOURTH KACE— One mile; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horses. 'Weight. St.
1007 Zarro, 5 108] 2
996 Robair, 4 113 4
640 Polish, 4..... HO 5
993 Del Paso 11. 5 11l 1
1007 Widow Jones, 4....10J 6
1011 Claudius, a 111110
1011 Metaire. 6 IOS'II
1011 Wawona, a 10SI 3
984 Caspar. 4 110 8
99S Twinkle Twink. 4 .105 8
898 Masoero. 5 :...108 1
998 Veloz. 1 104 10
eight. St.
~~% h
1 14
3 1
4 ifi
7 4
5 4
11 1
10 1
6 h
12
8 2
9 1
V 4 m.
4m.
3 1 "~
1 14
2 n
4 % "
5 4
7 4
9 %
10 4
6 h
12
8 1
12
3 4
1 14
2 ] /i
4 1
7 4
6 1
9 4
10 1
11 1 *
8 !fi
12
Str.
Fin.
1 4 I
2 n "
3 1
4 3
5 4
6 IVi
7 1
8 1%
9 4
10 4
11'
is
007 Zarro. 5 10812 2h 31 3% ... m Thorpe 4 7
996 Robair, 4 113 4 11% 11% 1 114 ... 2n ' nlcN'lchols ... 10 8
640 Polish. 4..... 110 5 31 2n 2% ... 3 1 C. Sloan 5 4
993 Del Paso 11. 5 11l 1 414 (!4 4 1 ... 4 3 O. Wilson.... 10 20
1007 Widow Jones, 4. ...102 6 7Vi 514 7^4 ... 5^ Woods 10 15
.011 Claudius, a 11110 6'i 7»4 6 1 ■■}'■ :;.. "'■ 6 IVJ Hennessy — 10 12
011 Mr-taire. 5 IOS'II 111 9% 9 % •.,:...-: 7 1 R. Nan-a«z... 10 15
.011 Wawona, a 10SJ 3 10 1 10% 10 1 ... 8 I*4 Clawson 6 12
984 Caspar. 4 110 8 6h 6h 514 ... 9^4 Piggott 3 5-2
99S Twinkle Twlnk. 4. .105 8 12 12 11 ... 10 4 Gouin 10 SO
898 Ma.-oero. 5 :...108 7 8 2 SI 1% ... 11 - McDonald ... 8 12
998 Veloz, 4 104 110 9 1 12 12 12 jEnos I 20 60
Time. 1:4214- Winner, W. F. Cutler's blk. g. by Jim Gor*-Ina B. Good start. Won first
three driving. . . _
tf\C)A FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Free Handicap; three-year-olds and
Ivf^'T'* upward; purse. $400.
99S Cromwell. 6 8811 \Vt 12% 12 12 11V4 14 Clawson ..
1003 P&tHuma., C 121] 4 (tt 31 31 21 22. 2h IShields ...
100S Ostler Joe. 5 11615 SI 5 5 41 43 34 IThorpe ...
fl!i4 Mistleton, 3 So! 2 2 h 2>4 2 h 3 1 3 1 4 3 IMcNlchols
'Irady. 5 1051 35 4141 5 5 5 ICole ,
Time. 1:4914. Winner. E. W. Purser's eh. h. by Imp. St. Blalse-Flavina.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
I 1
I 2
! 3
1 4
4 U
5 1
2 h
5.
1 24
3 1
5
2 4
4 1
1 2
3 1
6
2 h
4 1
1 2
2 1
4 1
3l|
6
114 14
2 2. 2 h
43 3 4
31 4 3
5 B
iwson
ields
15 7
1 1
2 9-2
i ... 15 20
3 4
Good start.
IS
1
2
U
3
7
1
9-2
20
4
orpe
Nichols ...
le
I AOKj SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
(1013) Mlsn Ross. 6 106 i
imi Recreation, 3 100(
1013 La Goleta, 8 W
30>6 Elsmore, 3 96
Wfi Bonnie lone. 3 91
1008 P. A. Finnegan, 3.. SS 1
980 Master Mariner. 3.. 93|
(060) Joe Levy, 3
14.
S
3
1
I
2
6
8
i. 7 -
3 4
7 2
2 %
6 ft
B %•■
In
4 b
8
4 2
5 h
2 2
: 7.1
C 2U
.1 2
3 h
- 8
2 4
4 h
'--'I 1 *.v
5 h
C 2
3 h •
7 3
8
1% ' I
2 -24
3 %
4 6
r. 2
6 1
I *.
I McDonald ...
|J. Woods
Clawson
Miller :
CJarigan
McNlchols ...
F. Brown
Holmes
6 9
3-5 4-5
2 9-5
10 15
100 300
Time, 1:28. Winner, W. R. Griffin's eh. m. by Imp. Rosslngton- Virginia Dare.
start. Won first three driving.
Good
up in time to catch the 10 to 1 outsider.
Miss Ross, which won by less than a
length. La Goleta finished a good third
after being badly interfered with at th«
head of the stretch.
TRACK NOTES.
Joe Murphy, -who has presided in the
stand both at Oakland and Ingleside
tracks the past season, departed for the
East last evening, accompanied by his
family. Judge Murphy will again preside
in the stand at Oakland next winter, but
it is more than likely that Captain Rees
will resume his old position at Ingleside
when next that track throws open Us
gates.
Barney Schi-eiber and his crew also left
for St. Louis last evening. Barney did
not put in a very prosperous season of It
here, but expects to even up things in the
Eastern country the coming summer.
Marsh Redon must have read the stars
and been aware that Colonel Dan was in
poor condition, for he nearly got becalmed
taking the money at 3 to 5. It is said the
colt was but recently nerved and showed
signs of lameness going to the post.
When Johhnny Humphreys paid $300 for
Malay he evidently got quite a bargain.
'•Frisco" Lind has the youngster in
splendid condition and he appears to be
ab.e to run with any of them.
The saddlegirths on Ojai loosened,
which accounted for the rather indiffer
ent finish put up by Ruiz at the end. But
for this unforeseen happening there might
have been a different tale to record.
Polish was heavily backed and exten
sively touted to win the mile selling run.
Cash Sloan rode him to excellent advan
tage, but the colt was evidently a trifle
short. He stopped the last sixteenth.
It was one of the good days that Del
Paso experiences, and had the big brown
horse not been cut off after passing the
paddock his number would just about
have been hung out.
THROWN IN A
PADDED CELL
Mrs. Heinrich Charged With
Insanity by Her Hus
band.
Convinced That She Is Mentally
Sound Dr. Lustig Ordered
Her Released.
Mrs. Dorita Heinrich, the wife of Bruno
Helnrieh, who is connected with the Cal
ifornia Electrical Works, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on complaint of her
husband for insanity. The unfortunate
woman was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where she was placed in a padded
cell. As she appeared perfectly rational
the doctors became suspicious and started
an investigation.
They learned that Heinrich had pro
cured the warrant for his wife's arrest,
alleging- that she was insane and likely to
kill herself. Pie also claimed that she
was in the habit of writing farewell let
ters to him announcing her intention of
doing away with herself. Fearing that she
would commit suicide Heinrich claims
that he decided to have his wife arrested
for insanity in the hope that she would
regain her mental equilibrium while con
fined in some institution for the insane.
Convinced that the unfortunate woman
was not insane, the doctors at the hos
pital summoned James Daley, secretary
of the Commissioners of Lunacy, and con
cluding that the woman was mentally
sound, Daley sent for Dr. Lustig, one of
the Commissioners of Insanity. The doc
tor had aji extended consultation with
Mrs. Heinrich. after whi<"-h he immediate
ly ordered her discharged.
" "She is not mentally deranged," re
marked the doctor. "Why her husband
bad her arreste* on that charge is beyond
my comprehension. I intend to see that
a "thorough investigation is made, and
have requested Mrs. Heinrich to be pres
ent at the next meeting of the Commis
sioners."
Mrs. Heinrich makes some damaging
charges against her husband, which she
claims she can substantiate.
Sentence Passed on Criminals.
Joseph King, convicted of burglary, was
sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday to
five years' Imprisonment at San Quentln.
John Murphy find Frederick Hutchings,
convicted of similar offenses, were sen
tenced to three years' and one year's im
meni respectively.
William J. Clark, convicted of robbery.
was sentenced by Judge Borden to seven
years' imprisonment at Folsom, and Wil
liam Miller, convicted of criminal. IlbN.
was sentenced to pay a fine of $200 or be
imprisoned in the County Jail for 100
days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
ENTRIES WILL
CLOSE TO-DAY
The San Francisco Bench
Show Enthusiasts Must
Use All Dispatch.
to Date the Number of Dogs
on the List Exceeds That
of Last Year.
Up
Walter Hobart's Ksnnel of Fox
hounds Will Again Bo a Fea
ture of the Exhibit.
Among the cajiines entered for the
coming bench show are some of the
most prominent dogs in the State. Miss
Ida A. Killey's Kokko is considered
the most perfect specimen of the Jap
anese spaniel extant on this coast.
Mrs. J. P. Norman's Lola is almost
BENCH SHOW FAVORITES.
too -well known to require comment.
She has taken more prizes than any
other bitch of the breed. She is the
champion mastiff brood bitch, arid her
pups, Juan, Hebe and Beau Monterey,
have equaled her prize-winning abili
ties. The last named won everything
at San Jose last month except the
prize for the best mastiff, which fell to
his dam, Lola.
The hour for the closing of the en
tries to the San Francisco bench show
is near. After midnig-ht of to-day no
entries will be accepted unless the
postmark shows that they were mailed
before that hour. Delay will be fatal.
The rule will be rigidly enforced.
No pedigree is required to- show a
dog. The moment that the animal en
ters the ring and stands before the
judge his own merits alone will con
duce to his becoming a prize-winner;
his ancestry will cut no figure. Better
a good dog without a pedigree than a
poor dog with one.
The office of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club at 224 Montgomery street will
be open all day until midnight, and
Mr. Sinclair will be on hand to receive
the entries.
Up to date the number of entries re
ceived exceeds that of last year, and if
the present rate continues the total
will be largely in excess of even that
record-breaker.
All is now harmonious in the kennel
world, and every fancier of the noble
dog seems to be striving hard to make
this show a grand success.
Walter Hobarts kennel of English
foxhounds will again be a feature of
the show this year.
BASEBALL AT THE EAST.
Louisville Loses Two Games to the
Locals at Cleveland.
BOSTON, May 7.— Seymour gave Bos
ton two bases on balls to-day, which
proved costly for the visitors. Gettig
replaced him in the sixth, doing good
work. Klobedanz was batted hard in the
4000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 13 1« 3
New York 9 12 E
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen; Seymour.
Getting and Grady. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
CLEVELAND. May 7.— Louisville went
to pieces at the time of the first game
and did not recover until the second game
also had been lost. Score first game:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 10 5
Louisville 5 10 1
Batteries— Young and O'Connor; Criger. Fra
zer and Wilson. Umpires— Swartwood and
Wood.
Score of second game:
R. H. E.
Cleveland H 12 2
Louisville 5 8
Batteries— Powell and Criger; MrGee, Cun
ningham and Wilson. Umpires— Swartwood
and Wood.
NEW YORK. May 7.— The Brooklyns
made it three straight from Washington
to-day. Attendance 3SOO. Score:
It. H. E.
Brooklyn 8 H 3
Washington 2 6 1
Batteries— Kennedy anrl Ryan; Weyhlng and
McGuire. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
PITTSBURG, May 7. — Pittsburgh-Chi
cago game postponed; rain.
BETTER FIRE PROTECTION.
Larger Mains and More Hydrants
Asfced by the Fire Commissioners.
In a communication filed by the Board
of Fire Commissioners with the Super
visors it is recommended that the Super
visors Vequest the Spring Valley Water
Works to lay larger mains, not less than
eight inches? and set new fire hydrants
as follows: Southeast corner of Jones
and Chestnut streets, northeast corner of
Chestnut and Leavenworth, southeast
corner Washington and Laguna, north
east corner Hyde and Broadway, north
east corner Larkin and Broadway, south
west corner Twentieth and Arkansas,
southwest corner Wisconsin and Twen
tieth, west side of Wisconsin, 433 feet
south of Twentieth: northwest corner
Wisconsin and Twenty-second, southeast
corner Sixteenth and Guerrero, south
west corner Sixteenth and Dolores, south
side Sixteenth, opposite Landers; south
west corner Sixteenth and Church, south
east corner Dolores and Sixteenth, east
side Dolores, 260 feet south of Six
teenth; northeast corner Dolores and
Seventeenth, northeast corner Dolores
and Eighteenth, northeast corner Dolores
and Fourteenth, southwest corner San
Jose avenue and Valley.
The Auditor Sustained.
Judges Cook, Belcher and Hebbard sat
in bank yesterda-- to listen to arguments
in the suit brought to compel the Audi
tor to sign the salary demands of Harry
Piper, the disgraced chief deputy of th«i
County Clerk's office. The position taken
by the Auditor was sustained by the
court, and the writ of mandate asked for
was denied.
Sued for Medical Services.
Jefferson Martinet, as assignee of the
claim of Dr. C. F. Buckley, com
menced suit yesterday against District
Attorney William S. Barnes to recover a
balance of $470 alleged to be due for med
ical services rendered.
Advajices made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Miaslon.
HARES HIDE
THEIR ESCAPE
Coursing That Pleased the
Spectators at Union.
Park.
Defeat of Jester by Chiquita
Was a Hard Blow to
the Talent.
Skylight Easily Accomplishes the) De
feat of ih« Favorite, Rock
]in 80110.
Exceptionally good coursing was wit
nessed yesterday afternoon at Union
Coursing Park. The hares are now well
acquainted with the escapes, and they
make a grand effort to reach the point
of safety.
Of the very excellent courses that were
watched with keen interest by the pa-
KEKKO and LOLA, Fine Specimens of Japanese
Spaniel and Mastiff Breeds, Respectively
trens of the leash, there were three or
four runs that a lover of the sport would
travel quite a distance to see. The judg
ing was also good and gave general sat
isfaction
The dogs which sold favorites did not
have it all their own way yesterday.
Moore's Prescription defeated the favor
ite. Mystery, but the upsetting of Jester
by Chiquita, a 1 to 9 shut, knocked the
starch out of the sports who are sup
posed to know the number of hairs in a
greyhound's tail,
Another upset to the talent arrived
when L. S. Conley, a 1 to 2 shot, lowered
the colors of Alameda. Then came a
crusher when Skylight, a 1 to 6 shot, dis
posed of Rorklin Belle. Susie, the once
fast little bitch, ran stiff yesterday, and
was easily beiiten by Mercy May. Wad
Shot, a doj? that is coming to the front
very fast, got a flag on O'Grady.
In the last race of the day Pastime eas
ily defeated Minnie E, but the latter dog
was not in condition, consequently a good
performance was not to be expected irom
The winners and losers of the first run
down of the big stake were:
Kingston beat Little Weasel: Moore's Pres
cription beat Mystery; McKinley beat Master
McGregor; Lord Byron beat Van Kuapp; Ter
rona beat Mlra Monte; Rusty GoM beat
Buckwa; rhh.uita beat Jester; Sharkey beat
Correct; Theron bent Forget; Blaekwtone beat
Queen Ann, Arapahoe beat Sky Queen; Laurel
wood beat Preclta Girl; At Last beat Call
Boy; Glenwood beat Rich and Artless; The
Turk beat Miss Skyrocket: Cavalier beat Lanky
Bob; Royal Buck beat Black Patll; Chartist
beat Lissak; Sweet Lips beat Barney P; Little
Pete beat Robin Adalr; L. S. Conley beat Ala
meda; Fear Not beat Decorator; Sportsman
beat Port Cnsta Lass; Amorita beat Jessie
Maid; Skylight beat Rocklin Bell^: 's I
beat Black Pete; Hercules beat Fireball; Mon
tana beat E V D; Clipper beat Santa Bella;
Move On beat San Pedro; Sylvanus beat Syl
vanite: BSercy May beat Susie; Mountain
Beauty beat "white Chief; Tip beat Jennie
Prane; Blrdshot beat O'Grady; Pastime beat
Minnie E.
The auction book gives the following
amounts against favorites on win and
place: Rusty Gold, win 6 place 2; Ter
rona, win 8. place 2%; Lord Byron, win 12.
place 4; Theron, win 2%, place 1; Laurel
wood, win 12, place 1; Cavalier, win 2,
place 1; Royal Buck, win 5, place 2; Chart
ist, win 8, place 2; Tod Sloan, win 15,
place 5; Move On. win 4. place 2; Moun
tain Beauty, win 3, place 1.
The winners in the first round of to
day may lie Moore's- Prescription, Lord
Byron, Rusty Gold, Chiquita, Theron,
Laurelwood, At Last. Cavalier, Chaxtist,
Sweet LipH, Fear Not. Amorita, Tod
Sloan, Hercules, Move On, Mercy May,
Mountain Beauty and Pastime.
Cavalier, Chartist and Move On should
run well into the money to-day.
AT INGLESIDE.
A fair crowd attended the dog races at
the Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday
afternoon. With but one or. two excep
tions the talent took the money. Obediah,
the short end in a 2 to 1 shot, won from
Minerva. A tip was out that Soubrette
would win the puppy stake, but how
false it was was easily proved in the race
with White Wings. At first Soubrette
ran a no-go with White Wings, but in
the second race White Wings had it all
her own way. Crosspatch won from
Lass o' Gowrie, a 5 to 2 shot.
The following Is the day in detail:
First ties of the Puppy stakes— Dillon & Rell
ly's Dauntless beat F. Foloy's Revolver; Cro
nin & McDonald's Thornhill beat La Cuna's
Napoleon; J. Shea's Rathbone beat J. Sater's
Castaway; G. H. Burfiend's Royal Prize beat
J. Egan's Maid of Erin; Larkoy & Rock's Lib
erty Bell beat G. La Cuna's Royal White;
Dflrkelman & Panarlo's Royal Oak lx'at R. B.
Kay's Killarney Lass; J. MoCormlck's White
Wings beat D. Shannon's Soubrette; F. Mur
phy's ObediaJi beat Larkey & Rock's Minerva:
J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass boat Holmes &
Schelting's Scar.pin; E. Wilson's Magnesia
beat Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe.
All-aged stake — First ties— Lowe A Thomp
son's High Born Lady beat E. W. Duffy's B B;
J. Shea's Firenzl beat D. Shannon's Swiner
ton; F. McComb's Olein beat Jimm ■- Anthony's
Tullamore; Kay & Trant's Crosspatch beat J.
Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrie; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat E. C. Jones' Gasllßht; P. Brophy's
Benicia Boy beat Dillon & Reilly's Sunol; D.
Ford's Bonita beat \V". Dalton's Lady Napo
leon; Dillon & RelUVs Ripht Bower beat M.
Cusack's Brown Eag-fe; Kay & Trant's Eclipse
beat G. Reidy's Barnelce; J. Dean's Conne
mara beat Lynch & Maher's Dakota; Lowe &
Thompson's Priir"- al beat Ford & Duffy's
Trlnk; F. Moran's Van Kirk beat E. .T. Heney's
Little Cripple; P. J. Rush's Van Needa beat
J. F. Rodger's Little Dottie: Kay & Trance
Sylvia beat D. Shannon's Signal.
W. O'Neil's Promise Me beat E. J. Heney's
Harkaway; Lynch & Maher's Mystic Maid beat
J. Byrnes' Seminole: J. McCormick's White
Lily beat J. Sheehan's Lady Jane: Deckelman
& Panario's Glen Roy beat O'Connell Bros.
Lillle Twist: J. Mumane's Flashlight beat
O'Connell Bros. 1 Senorita; J. Byrnes' Occi
dental beat D. Fords Black Swan; J. Deans
Nelly Conroy beat T. McHugh's Sarcastic II;
D. Shannon's Slnaloa beat G. Sears' Majestic;
D. Shannon's Sweet Music beat T. Brown s
Rattler.
The first ties at Ingleside to-day should show
a flag as follows: Puppy stake— Dauntless.
Rathbone, Royal Oak. White Wings and Mag
nesia. All-age stake— Firenzi, ' Crosspatch.
Benicia Boy, Right Bower, Connemara, Prince
Hal. Sylvia. Promise Me. Mystic Maid, Glen
Roy, Sinaioa, Nelly Conroy.
OPPOSED TO THE CHARTER.
Continental League Sets Forth the
Beasons Why It Should Be
Defeated.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the Continental League held last night
the following resolutions were adopted:
A charitable. Innocent looking paragraph ap
pears In the new charter, which means much,
and provides lucrative life positions for ex
mayors. We refer to the last paragraph of
section 2, article 11. which reads as follows:
Every person who has served as mayor of the
City and County, so long as he remains a resi
dent thereof, shall be entitled to a seat in the
Board of Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a vote nor
to any compensation; therefore,
Resolved, That the Executive Committee of
the Continental League request the freehold
ers through the public press to inform them
why that clause was placed therein, and what
benefit will accrue to the city by its adoption.
We recall but one ex-mayor (interested), Mr.
Ellert. A member of the Board of Freehold
ers, and at present president or manager of
an Infant corporation, known as the garbage
crematory, which, with proper nursing 1 , can be
made to assume gigantic proportions.
We can but admire the sublime simplicity of
an ex-mayor, with a large family, offering his
services for life, to the city. No compensation
required (sweet charity). In that position ex
mayors will not only be able to engineer their
own personal schemes throush the h.iard, to the
detriment and injury of others, but would in
the event of large or small corporation* requir
ing the services of one or more advocates, close
to the Board of Supervisors, command a high
price for thrvse services, while protecting or
advocating their interest?, and not being an
elected officer, no responsibility would attach
thereto.
The several thousand employes of the city
1 practically appointed by the' mayor, mieht
i require the Bervicefl of the ex-mayor to retain
I them in their positions and a healthy purse
| could be raised to pay for services performed
I In that direction.
Talk about the palmy days of Boss Twee 6
and Buckley, they would not be in it, com
pared with the golden harvest the ex-boss
mayors would receive.
The division would be simply enormous, but
charity covers a multitude of sins.
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE,
AMOS CfRRIER, Chairman.
FRANK D. WORTH. President.
HAMILTON J. RIGGIN'S, Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENT*?.
hH+H+H+H+B+H+B+E3+H+E+H+B+B+B+H+E!+a+H+Bl+n+EaH
MANLY VIGOR.
It Is Given Fresh and Joyous to Those Who
Wear This Wonderful Invigorator.
MMk *&6®h
A smooth, even Jipi^i^g^; It has a regula-
current fills all j|jfe'^fe| L tor with which to
weak parts with g|^ ?f^? control the cur-
life. \; "W# rent..
Regain Your Manhood.
This Electric Belt will infuse new life into the weakened
nerves. Thousands testify to their cures by it. Men who
have squandered fortunes in useless drugging now say that
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has cured them. Try it. Book
about it free. Address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., +. _,
632 Market Street, San Francisco. IMPORTANT
NOTE— Make no mistake .In the number— -. —
,632 MARKET STREET, . NOTICE. ,-;.-,
, Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. ■ m. : Sundays, 10 r>r ' oanHpn's offlo«a ■-
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204* wm mr,v« t,, w \T-!rk!^
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing? will m v <* to .702 Market .
ton street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; ' St., cor. Geary, May 12.
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. * if. ■ ■■■■■-■-■■-■•■■' ■---■ ■■-■ - — £
STAKE WON
BY ESTACA
Louisville Handicap De
cided at Churchill
Downs.
Paul Kauvar, the Favorite,
Finishes Outside the
Money.
Imp at Last Loses a Race, Running
Second to Abxjuse at Lake
side.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May The
principal event at Churchill Downs
was the Louisville handicap, which lost
somewhat in interest when Salvable
and Boanerges were scratched. It went
to Estaca, the fourth choice, at 9 to 2,
Paul Kauvar, the 2 to 1 favorite fail
ing to show. A sloppy track precluded
fast time.
Five furlongs. Batten won, Old Fox
Oxnard second, Buy dam third. Time,
I: Fotr furlongs, Amelia T won Louisville
B !!o e vi S s e vX d ha I n > dt a ap thl oo mr nn d c m^and^ree
sixteenths 6 stake $15% Estaca WMBeau
champ) 4% to 1, won; J H C 103 (E\erett>,
"H'fA^MS. pScS II won.
High Jinks second, Nicholas third. Time,
1: Four furlongs. Terrene won, March
mont second, Besique third. Time. :01%.
CHICAGO May 7.— Lakeside results.
Six furlongs. Minera won. Incitatus sec
ond, Mit Boykin third. Time, 1:17. •■
Five furlongs. Lord Fairfax won. Dous
ter Swivel second, Novice third. "lime,
1: 2 even-sixteenths of a mile, Kentucky
Colonel won, Juggler second, McCarren
th One and^ri eighth miles. Pop Dixonwon.
Joe Shelby second, Valid third. Time,
Five furlongs. Abuse won. Imp second,
Peter McCue third. Time. 1:01.
Six furlongs, Duke of Haven won. La
Princessa second. May Wade third. Time,
1*14*4
'NEW YORK, May 7.— spite of the
cold and cheerless weather about 10,000
people were at Morris Park to-day at the
opening of the real season for racing In
New York. The chief event of the card
was the Metropolitan handicap. Bowling
Brook won. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Cleophus won.
The Manxman second, Reprisal third.
Time, 1:10. -V :
Seven furlongs, selling— Reel won.
Double Quick second, Arabian third.
Time. 1:33. ■
Juvenile, five furlongs— Glenheim won.
Duke of Mlddleburg second, Prestidigita
trice third. Time, 1:01%.
Metropolitan, one Bowling Brook.
102 (Clay), 10 to 1. won: George Keene, 102
(Sloan), 12 to 1 and 5 to 1, second; Octa
gon 116 (Simms). 11 to 5. third. Time,
1:44. Macy, Ben Holliday, Imperator.
Algol, Dr. Cattlett and Bishop 11. also
ran.
Four furlongs— dOr won. Counsel
or Wienberg second, Dr. Eichberg third.
Time, :47%. „ „ _
One mire— Sly Fox won. Great Bend sec
ond, Blue Away third. Time, 1:45&.
DEATH OF A JOTJBNALIST.
David W. C. Nesfield, a Brilliant
Writer, Passes Away.
The death of David V,'. C. Nesneld oc
curred In Fresno on Friday morning. May
fi". Mr. Nesneld, who spent over a quarter
of a century in California, was a native
of England and a student at Eton. After
passing the English civil service examina
tions he went to Continental Europe to
study modern languages and perfect him
self in music.
He was a son of W llliam Andrews >.es
field the celebrated English landscape
artist of whom Ruskin makes special
mention in his "Modern Painters." He
identified himself with journalism and
music during his resirienre here. He
wrote for and controlled the editorial col
umns of the Alta California during the
last years of the life of Frederick Alac-
Crei'fsh.
Mr Nesfleld leaves a widow and three
daughters living in this city, to whom the
remains have been brought for interment.
Mr. Nesneld was in his younger days
possessed of a splendid tenor voice, and
for a time was connected with some of
the minstrel companies, being one oil the
soloists in first parts.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
Of Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, '
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Follow^
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
PAPER DEALERS.
Willamette Pulp and Paper Co.,
722 Montgomery Strtat,
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
The San Francisco News Company,
342 to 350 Geary Street,
Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BELTING.
L. P. Degen, Manufacturer BeitingandLaco
Leather. 105-107 Mission St., cor.Speai.
Telephone Main 562. Agent for
Rubber Belting and Packing.
DRAYAGE.
McNab & Smith.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main IV7J.1 V 7J.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mer
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamt-
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and is
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton c!THedley. Props.,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
HARDWARE.
Palace Hardware Co.. Importers and Denlers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS. *
Redinjjton & Co., Second and Stevenson
Streets. Telephone — .
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 .Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining:, Beveling. Km.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
BOILER WORKS.
~l ««r W. J. Brady's Patent i
if " IS DETACHABLE
.|^ 4|> MUD DRUM
SSifl^Sß&j^^Sfl * or Steam Boilers,
«ZSte#!£g££j Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ehip Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET ;
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKBINDERS.
J. B. M'lntyre, Bookbinder and Printer,
422 Commercial street,
BRUSHES.
Dr>TTCTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnU^nLu ers> bootblacks, bath-
JJllUUliliU nouses. billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacture r-5.609 Sacramento St.
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Teleii ■ Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California street, below Powell.
San Francisco.
PATENTS.
y>£*^DEWEY, STRONG &CO.^!??V
' k --^patents* 3
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Executor, Assignee,
Administrator, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale,
MONDAY, MAY 9th, 1898
At 12 O'clock M,
At SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
the following properties:
REFEREE SALE— Dunn Estat«.
The four following properties, by order of Gustare H.
Umbsen, sole referee of the Dunn estate:
■ Ist.— No. 140 Minna street, W. W. line, 396 feet N. E.
of Third street; thence N. K. 2jxSo feet : rents, $52.
— S. W. corner of Tage and Octaria streets, 40x87X
f?et, 2 2-story and-basement bay window houses of 8
rooms and bath each ; brick foundation ; rents, $53.
3d. lmprovements and lot 59^x80 fee', situate N. E.
. corner of Minna and New Montgomery streets, fronting
80 feet on New Montgomery street; rents. 8100.
4th.— situate S. W. corner Sanchez and Duncan
streets, west, 80x114 feet.
J. S. HOLLIDAT ESTATE
Executor's Sale.
8. E. corner of Haight and Stelner streets; S-etory
building, store and concrete basement and 3 upper
floors, and 2 2-story-and bay window bouses;
rents, 9120 per month; a Rood business corner; £3x74.
ASSIGNEE'S SALE.
The equity above mortgage of $2,15130 in property
No. 937 Shotwell street, K. lino, 'JO feet X. of 24th street;
house of 10 rooms; rent, $16; 22x100.
PATRICK L ANN OS ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
No. 164 Clementina street, N. W. line, between 2d and ;
' 3d streets; Improvements, 3 tenements; rents, $36; 25x80.
RICHARD SAVAGE ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
Lot situate S. line of Filbert street, 137 X feet E. of
Kearny street; 24x77: 6, with an L 3: 6x60.
LOUIS D. QUIGI.EV ESTATE.
Administratrix' S»le.
Lot W. line of Eureka street, 50 feet S. d 19th street,
25X80 A GOOD 3IISSION CORNER.
A GOOD MISSION CORNER.
8 E. corner of 17th and Dearborn streets, between
Valencia and Guerrero streets; 3 houses and 2 flats;
rents 16150; both streets accepted; houses could be
raised and stores put underneath and be made one of
the best paying investments in city; 51x100.
■• CORNER- ON BRTANT STREET.
E or S. E. corner of Bryant and Victor streeU, be.
tween 7tb and Bth streets; 10 houses In 18 tenements j
rents, $200; lot 275x£5:3.
FELL STREET.
385 Fell strret. 'tween Gough and OctavJa streets :
I -story house of 10 rooms and bath ; 27 : 6x120 to Hickory
avenue; house could be converted into flats at little ex-
pense, and room for another house ; mortgage of 84,000
at 7% can remain.
FLATS ON HAMPSHIRE STREET
832-2K Hampshire street, between 20th and Slst
streets ; 2 flats of .'> rooms each; rents, J26 ; bay win-
dows, brick foundation, etc. ; 25x100.
SEVENTH STREET INVESTMENT.
KO3. 442-44 7th street, "S. W. line, SO feet N. W. of
Bryant street; front house in 2 tenements, and rear
bouse ; brick foundation; stone walks ; rent. $32; 25x8.V
Further particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully glrcn
it our office
6. H. CMBSEN & CO., Auctioneer*,
14 Montgomery Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
rymi* v.-F.r.r, -kxowx and BKLJ 1 01 T»
L Specialist l"rlvni.>,N.rv, ..!-.' Skin
Diseases of Me. only. - Manly 1..-., restore.!. Over
l!oyer.rs' experience. Send for BooW.frrr. I'.vtlrnti
nirpdatllonic Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
tlally;6:30 toS.SOcv'cs. Sunday*, uto 13 OirtMiltn-
uoniree and sacredly con 1 . , Oi.l or«<l<Uesa
* P. ROSCOE Me3iirE,TY» !«. I).,
»«^ Ktaruj Street. «i»u rrancltcn, r«L j
£WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'• SANITARIUM, ' (
764-66 CLAY ST., Ban Fr»neiBeo,O»l :
"» All diseases cured exclusive-
<y ly by ■ Chinese herbs, over 3000
varieties belnc used. : ADVICB
FREE. "$ Hours, !»:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3 and 7 t*
» P- m.WORK AHEAD FOR
SAMPSON'S SHIPS
The Naval Officials Believe the
Second Sea Battle Will Be
Fought Before Tuesday.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Herald's Washington correspondent telegraphs: Within forty-eight hours, It Is the
confident expectation of the administration, the second sea fight of the war will occur, and either Rear Admiral
Sampson's men-of-war or the battleship Oregon and gunboat Marietta will represent this Government in the engage
ment. Certainly by Monday, at the latest, naval experts say the scouts will have sighted the Spanish fleet which
sailed from St. Vincent on Friday a week ago, or they shall have fallen in with the Oregon and her consort. Ad
miral Sampson's fleet is so placed as to be able to steam quickly to intercept the Spanish fleet if the scouts should
report? that it is sailing in the direction of Porto Rico. It will be his policy to meet the Spaniards as quickly
as possible after he learns their location and force fc battle at once, giving the Spanish admiral little time to pre
pare his ships for the fight after the American fleet is sighted.
Since the official reports of the battle of Manila have furnished such* conclusive evidence of the superiority of
the American gun crews over those of Spain, very little uneasiness is felt for the safety of Admiral Sampson's
fleet in the event of a fight with the Spanish fleet. It is realized, however, that the vessels and the guns with
which he will have to contend are far superior to those which were opposed to Admiral Dewey. Most of the
Spanish vessels at Manila were of old types, and the largest guns they carried were 6.2 inch.
Admiral Sampson will be confronted with the crack vessels of the Spanish navy. Three of these carry be
tween them six eleven-inch guns, and another one carries two six-inch guns. The heavy guns in Admiral Sampson's
fleet which will be opposed to these, are four thlrteen-inch, eight twelve-inch and twenty-two eight-inch guns.
Admiral Sampson's fleet Is superior to that of the Spanish admiral in heavy guns. The secondary batteries
of the two fleets are more nearly equal.
Naval experts here, however, place more reliance in the superior handling of the American ships and guns
than in the superiority of the American batteries. The Spaniards are expecteci to put up a stubborn fight, and It
is hardly to be expected that Adn.iral Sampson will come out of the battle unhurt or without the loss of a man or
serious damage to his ships, as did Dewey.
There is no doubt, however, that this battle will as effectually destroy Spain's naval power In the Atlantic
as did the battle of Manila in the Pacific.
Should the Spaniards have gone toward Cape St. Rogue to Intercept the Oregon the battle between their fleet and
this ship and her two small companions, the Marietta and Nictheroy, would be decidedly unequal. The advantage
would all be on the side of the Spaniards, but there is no doubt among naval experts here that the Oregon would
give a good account of herself and would send some of the Spanish ships to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.
The reports that Spanish war vessels have been sighted off Martinique and at other points in the West Indies
have given rise to some little uneasiness In Washington. If these vessels are the fleet from the Cape Verde it
would indicate that the Spanish admiral had made a much more rapid voyage than was anticipated, and that he
Intended to run down to- the southward to look for the Oregon, for, if he were making a run to get into Porto Rico
before he could be intercepted he would not go so far south as Martinique. The- general belief among naval officers,
however, Is that if the vessels reported at Martinique really were Spanish war vessels, they were some of the gun
boats which had been employed for the patrol of Cuba and Porto Rico and which had escaped to the southward.
Though it has not been believed that there was much real danger of the Spanish fleet attempting to attack
the northern ports of the United States, if the scouts should be unable to locate the fleet en route for Porto Rico be
fore Monday, and if there is no report of its having returned to either the Canaries or Cadiz by that time, addi
tional precautions will be taken to prevent a possible attack on any of the northern sea-coast cities. The patrol of
the northern coast, now being maintained, will be made more thorough, and fast vessels will be sent further to
sea all along the coast to intercept and report the Spanish fleet if it should have turned to the northward.
BEN LOMOND'S
YOUNG GUESTS
Santa Cruz County En
deavorers Hold a
Convention.
Praise Services Conducted In a
Grove Near the Mountain
Village.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
SANTA CRUZ. May 7.— The semi
annual convention of the Santa Cruz
County Union of the Young People's
Society of Chiistian Endeavor has just
clewed its sessions at beautiful Ben Lo
mond, the prettiest village In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. The delegates from
al! parts of the county arrived last
evening and were met by a commit
tee from the Ben Lomond society which
took the young people to the members'
homes, where they were entertained
during the convention.
The services were held In the Pres
berian church, which had been elab
orately decorated by Miss Anna Sul
livan. The altar was banked with a
mass of blue lupines and the rich gol
den yellow poppy, wild flowers which
grow in such profusion around Ben
Lomond.
The little church was crowded to the
doors. Miss Lizzie White presided in
the absence of the president. A stir
ring song and praise service was con
ducted by Rev. E. L. Rich of Watson
ville. The roll of societies was called
by the secretary. Mrs. Nellie Morrell, of
'Watsonville. Each society responded
with a verse of Scripture. The socie
ties that responded were: Santa Cruz,
Congregational, Methodist, Baptist,
Christian, Congregational Japanese,
Congregational Chinese: Watsonville,
Christian, Presbyterian, Chinese, Con
gregational; Boulder Creek, Presbyter
ian; Ben Lomond, Presbyterian; Sky
jland. Presbyterian; Soquel, Congrega
tional; Aptos, Baptist. Prayer was
'offered by Rev. A. B. Snider of Soquel.
Thi? sermon was a grand one, by Rev.
E. H. Hayden of the Baptist church
|of Santa Cruz. His subject was "The
; Presence of God."
■ This morning at 7 o'clock about fifty
iEndeavorers gathered in a grove on
'the hillside overlooking the town. There
a prayer meeting was held. It waa
the most inspiring service of the con
vention.
At 9 o'clock a devotional service was
led by Mrs. F. Poster of Boulder Creek.
The next convention will be held at
Vv'fitsonvllle.
The following officers were elected:
President, Miss Lizzie White, Watson
ville; first vice-president, Charles E.
West of Soquel: second vice-president,
Mlhs Minnie Bagnall of Ben Lomond;
third vice-president, Mrs. F. Poster of
Boulder Creek: secretary. Miss Lillia
Beebe of Watsonville; corresponding
ferrotary, Mrs. Charles Fitch of Santa
<"'ruz: treasurer, H. J. Little of Santa
Cruz. »
FOOD COFFEE.
MARION McBRIDE.
A Famous Worker for the W. C. T.
TJ. in Boston.
One of th^ famous workers In th«
W. C. T. TJ. ranks and one who stood
very close to Frances Willard, 1b Mar-
lon Mcßrlde of Boston. She is a tire-
less worker and an authority on pure
foods. Everywhere she goes, she rec-
ommends Postum, the famous food
drink, for she knows of its great work
in furnishing a pure, toothsome, hot
.beverage for breakfast, much like cof-
fee in appearance and taste, but madf.
by food experts from parts of field
grains, selected to furnish brain and
nerves with the food demanded by na-
ture.
It is especially welcome to those who
find distress and disease follow coffee
drinking.
Grocers supply it at 15 and 25 cents
j per package.
VIEWED BY
INSURGENTS
IN TREETOPS
Copyrighted, 1898, by Jam?s Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT ALBERT F. DEW
EY, with the blockading squadron oft
Cuba, via Key West, Fla., May 7.—
There was a second battle at Matanzas
yesterday, and Lieutenant Commander
Kimball of the Dupont was laughing
about it this morning. When the Dewey
found the torpedo-boat ten miles to the
east of that port to exchange news, I
got a boat oown and went to the Du
pont, where the blithe commander told
me that his boat and the Hornet, with
their light guns, had shelled the block
house beside the lighthouse at Point
Maya, near tr--> mouth of the harbor of
Matanzas, and Fo*t Garcia, which is an
old hacl.-ida used as a blockhouse and
lies three and one-half miles to the
east.
As fhe Dupont was leaving her posi
tion off the lighthouse point a big shell
was fired from the middle embrasure of
a battery of the other side of the har
bor called Gorda. The line was perfect,
but the elevation was bad and the
range too long. The shell fell a thou
sand yards short.
Lieutenant Commander Kimball, on
learning that the Dewey had an agent
of the Junta on board and was in
search of a messenger from the insur
gents in Matanzas province, told me it
might be of interest for me to know
that some Spanish cavalry was scour
ing the coast off which we were talking.
I asked if he would run in with the
Dewey and allow us to take a messen
ger off under cover of the Dupont's
one-pounder.
"With pleasure," he replied, and a
little later the trick had been done and
the dispatch-boat was on her way to
Key West with brown-skinned Am
brosia Diaz, who has messages of im
portance for the Junta, He was landed
on the coast by the Leyden on May 4.
Since yesterday morning he had been
waiting in the mangrove bushes which
fringe the coast by the little village of
Boca de Camarioca, eight miles east
of Matanzas.
He completed Lieutenant-Command
er Kimball's story by telling us that
while the Hornet was throwing shells
into the block house beside the light
house yesterday afternoon the in
surgents under Colonel Rojas to the
southward climbed into the trees to
see the performance from reserved
seats, and cheered madly as the Hot
net's men got the range and hit their
target. Lieutenant-Commander Kim
ball, when he found it advisable to call
up the Hornet, with her six-pounders,
r | told her commander not to destroy the
j lighthouse tower, but only the block
! house of the garrison, and left the
I tower for the cover of the neighboring
trees. This was at 3 o'clock in the af
ternoon. The Hornet fired twelve
shells, half of which struck the mark.
The Dupont, after making sure that
Point Maya was being made too warm
fo-r Spanish occupation, steamed down
I to a blockhouse opposite called Garcia
Red, and a prominent landmark to the
eastward, and turned loose her one
pounders.
Here, as in the other place, the in
fantry men had urgent business behind
, the forest woods and hills. After mak-
S ing sure that they had gone to stay
i the Dupont resumed patrol duty. The
j cavalry afterward appeared at For
tina, but remained there only long
enough to see the torpedo-boat's men
acing one-pounders off shore.
Diaz, with his son Ramon and a col
ored insurgent soldier, had seen this
cavalry on their way from Rojas' camp
to the beach near Boca de Camarioca,
where old "Practico" was to be picked
up. Just behind the fringe of man
grove bushes on the shore is a road
running parallel with the coast, and
the guerrilla cavalry had been moving
east, and then west along it.
Once across the road and on the sea
side of the bushes the insurgents were
fairly safe, but did not relish the idea
THE SAX FRAKCISCOCALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
of leaving their hiding place for the
purpose of signaling the boats oft*
shore. The Dewey ran in toward shore
with the Dupont. Diaz was to wave
his handkerchief. As Dewey ran in
toward shore with the Dupont beside
her I made out a boat with fishermen
in it and beyond that, half concealed
by the bushes, a man in light clothes,
which, at the distance, appeared to be
those worn by the insurgents in the
field. He concealed himself at inter
vals, but finally advanced a little way
from cover and waved his handker
chief. We waved in reply, and then
at the suggestion of J. E. Cartay, who
had given Captain Hyers information
which enabled him to find Diaz, a white
signal was tied to a wire stay and al
lowed to flap there, it was some one's
white shirt, but It filled the bill admira-
The man on the beach waved energet
ically, and I lowered a boat from the
Dewey and with Cartay rowed in I
had told Captain Hyers to keep "his
glass on the man, and as we left the
tug he shouted to me that two men
were in the bushes beside the one which
signaled, and had rifles. These we sup
posed %vere the men sent from the camp
of the insurgents with the messenger.
™ so it proved. One was the son of
Diaz. The three hurried across the
sand to the edge of the rooks which
form the coast there. The little boat's
gunwale was grasped by the Insurgents
in a trice. Diaz remembered that he
and I were old shipmates, having sailed
together in the Three Friends when she
was fired on under the hills of the
south coast of Santa Clara in Decem
ber, 1897, and so he was willing to tell
what news he could.
The torpedo boat, a few hundred
yards away beside the Dewey, was our
guarantee that the cavalry would prob
ably keep on the other side of the trees
Diaz climbed into the boat and told
| his son and the other insurgents to
j hurry back to camp. They would have
tarried to give him more messages
from friends, but he reminded them of
the time, and they hurried away. We
returned to the Dewey, and as we -went
over the side shouted our thanks to the
commander of the Dupont. The tor
pedo boat steamed off shore, after
sending a boat to us with mail for Key
"West. Diaz told us the Spaniards were
hurriedly moving troops westward and
to the coast cities, and withdrawing
them from the interior. He did not
know the details of the killed and
wounded at the Matanzas bombard
ment. He said that Belancous, briga
dier of the insurgents In Matanzas
province, had about 500 men and only
a small sick list. The hospital facili
ties are bad, and men wounded would
be in a bad fix, but Rajos had only
four of them. The country folk are in
terrible straits for food.
Diaz said the insurgents had really
been feeding their friends in Boca de
Oamarioca. There disease and famine
had carried off lf>o of the wretches who
found shelter there in the last few
months of reconcentration. The dead
outnumbered the population which the
village would have in time of peace.
Some of Rojas' men who were captured
by the Spanish three days ago were re
leased and sent back with a message
that the Yankees had begun war and
that the Cubans and Spanish, being
of the same blood, should combine to
fight the United States. The insur
gents were surprised at not being killed
by their captors, and said they would
take the message gladly and hurried to
Rojas. Their story was laughed at
Colonel Rojaa said the news from the
outside world would not prevent his
fighting the Spanish. Diaz says such
efforts to make the Cubans desert are
becoming general. Little notices are
left on trees, saying that the Yankees
will leave nothing Spanish on the isl
and if they have their way, and urging
all Cubans to unite and fight them
The Spanish are still burning and de
stroying as they move, and still the
guerrilla cavalry scours the country
driving the cattle into the towns. As
far as Diaz could learn, the railway
between Matanzas and Havana has
been kept open.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
«r without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ARMED MEN WATCH
THE WISCONSIN
They Patrol the Shore -Where the
Battle Ship Lies to Guard
Against Secret Attack.
Rumors That an Attempt Would Be Made
to Destroy the Vessel Cause Increased
Vigilance on the Part of Officials.
The managers of the Union Iron
Works fear that an attempt will be
made to destroy the battle-ship Wis
consin and the torpedo-boat which are
now in the course of construction. For
several days past rumors of an attempt
being made by Spaniards to blow up
the vessels have created the wildest
excitement at the works. Last night
Lieutenant Anderson of the Potrero
station was appealed to, and he sent
nil his available men It guard the ves
sels. Concluding that the force was
not large enough he telephoned to Cap
tain Spillane for more men. The lat
ter picked out four of his best officers
and sent them to assist in preventing
the vessels from being tampered with.
The managers of the Union Ironworks
have also a number of men who have
been patrolling the works looking out
for any person who might attempt to
destroy the vessels. Both the torpedo
boat and the Wisconsin are being
closely guarded, and every effort is
being made to prevent a Spanish spy
from entering the works.
Armed men are patrolling the shores
of the bay contiguous to the point
where the torpedo-boat is being con
structed, with instructions to shoot
any person who attempts to tamper
with the vessels.
Since the report that two Spaniards
were overheard on the Eastern overland
to remark that they had come to this
Slate for the purpose of blowing up
the powder works and also to assassin
ate Governor Budd, the managers of
the Union Iron Works have exercised
every caution to prevent any attempt
to injure their plant. As rumors
were current that a Spaniard answer
ing a description of one of the
INTER-CLUB TENNIS.
The First Match of the Series Woi^
by the Local Players.
The first match of the inter-club doubles
was played yesterday at the California
tennis courts between Adams and Weihe
of San Francisco and Stone and Mur
dook of Alameda. The home team won
and the Alameda cracks went home In
utter disgust.
The ttr«t set was the hottest of the
match. Game by game the teams ad
vanced until it was five all. The visitors
captured the n^xt game, needing only one
more to win the set, but this they
not to get. Adams and Weihe braced
themselves and the set was the property
of the home team.
To the surprise of all the second set
was won in ridiculously easy fashion by
Stone and Murdock. They allowed their
opponents but three games out of the set.
The next two sets were attached by
Adams and Weihe. The home team
played good and fast tennis in the last
two sets, driving accurateU and placing
with rare Judgment. Stone and Murdock
were kept well back by the aggressive
playing of the San Francisc ins. Om fea
ture of the came was the splendid driv
ing of Murdock. The score was 8-6, 3-6,
6-2, 6-2.
BILLS FOR LIGHTING.
Reductions May Be Made in the
Amounts Charged the City.
Negotiations are in progress looking to
a settlement between the city and the
San Francisco Gas Light Company and
the Edison Light and Power Company.
Several of the claims of these two com
panies have already been vetoed by
Mayor Pholan, on the ground that the
charges were excessive, owing to meters
that have a tendency to "scorch."
Two such vetoes were tiled by the
Mayor yesterday. One was of the claim
of the San Francisco Gas Light Company
for $&73 12 for lighting certain public
buildings during the month of January.
1898, and the other was of the claim of
COL. TRUMBO A FREE MAN,
Fully Released From the Bonds of Matrimony in Salt
Lake City Yesterday,
News was received In this city last night that Mrs. Trumbo was granted
a divorce from Colonel Isaac Trumbo in Salt Lake yesterday. The decree
was entered by default, no defense having been entered in the case.
Mrs. Trumbo was well known as a Salt Lake belle before her marriage,
having been prominent in society for several years before the promising
aspirant for the United States Senate married her. Incompatibility of tem
per and tastes became apparent a few years ago, culminating In the suit de
cided yesterday.
The plaintiff was granted $100*) in cash, also a farm of sixty acres at Mill
Creek, fifty shares of stock in the American Biscuit Company, 10,000 shares
of stock in the Free Gold Mining Company of California and some other
minor property. In consideration of these transfers Mrs. Trumbo agreed to
deed to Colonel Trumbo certain property in San Francisco.
men seen on the train was
lurking In the vicinity of the works,
extra precautions were taken to thwart
any attempt on his part to destroy the
plant. The police were at once con
sulted, and have decided to place an
armed guard in charge of the two ves
sels.
Captain Spillane, when asked about
the matter last night, was unusually
secretive. He admitted, however, that
Lieutenant Bennett's divison had been
detailed to patrol the works, and that
he had sent four men from his division
to assist them.
oince the commencement of hostili
ties between the United States and
Spain the managers of the iron works
have been appealed to by the Govern
ment to hasten the completion of the
battleship and torpedo boat. Work on
the former has been rushed, and it is
expected that it will be put into service
before many weeks. The frame of the
torpedo boat has been finished and the
machinery is now being placed. in posi
tion. The managers of the works have
doubled their working force in order
that the vessels might be completed
as soon as possible.
The scene in the vicinity of where
the boats lie is one of activity and ex
citement. Blue-coated guardians of
the peace are patrolling the shore line,
keeping a sharp lookout for any spy
seeking to destroy the vessels. A num
ber of special officers employed by the
iron works are patrolling the half-fin
ished decks of the Wisconsin, their
hands on their guns, ready to shoot
down any enemy who might attempt
her destruction. On the outside of the
works a number of armed guards are
on the alert for anything of a suspic
ious nature. Until the vessels are
completed every precaution will be ta
ken to guard against any attempt to
injure them or the plant.
! the Edison Light and Power Company for
j $955 13 for lighting certain public offices
and the Free Library for January, 1898.
These were withdrawn on the Mayor re
■ ceiving information that a conference was
! to be held by the Finance Committee of
I the Supervisors and representatives of
i the companies named looking to a settle-
I ment of the entire matter relative to the
lighting bills.
—#«
COMMERCIAL KNIGHTS.
!An Entertainment Given in TJnion-
Square Hall by the San Fran
cisco Association.
The San Francisco Commercial Travel
i ers 1 Association, which now numbers
I about 100 members, gave a most pleasing
i entertainment to Its friends at Union-
I square Hall last night.
The committee on entertainment, con
. listing of W. F. Rancel, C. E. Tarrant,
; T. McCarthy, W. Angelo, H. Suskind, D.
' MoLaughlin and H. Heinz, presented a
I programme that embraced: Selections,
j Columbus Quartet; recitation. Miss Bou
j vie; selections by Professor Mallet's sex
| tet; vocal solo, Dr. Alvey; skirt dance,
j Miss L. Rhodes; vocal solo, Dan O'Calla
i ghan; zither quartet. Professor Reck and
i pupils; songs, Mr. Byrnes; duet, Messrs.
j Hynes and Snyder. and comic song, Mr.
\unan. After the programme there was
a dance and the serving of a collation and
refreshments.
The invitations were unique. They were
in imitation of a small gripsack on which
there appeared in golden letters S. F. C.
T. A.
Too Fond of Liquor.
Gustav Tesch, a printer, was yesterday
convicted by Judge Campbell of falling to
provide for his children. As he promised
to mend his ways the Judge allowed him
to go on suspended sentence. Tesch has
lost several good jobs through his love
for liquor, and the Judge warned him
that if he did not reform he would be
sent to the County Jail.
DR. PIERCES MEDICINES. _^
;WOMA|Oi»TLK
WAT SHE GIVES TO A XATM.
, Whether war shall descend and con-
tinue upon us now with all its indes-
cribable horrors and frightful carnage,
or the brooding angel of peace shall
"spread her white wings to the sun-
shine of love" — whatever may be the
issue to-day or any other day in our
American history — the tremendous fact
remains the same, ] that woman is for-
ever a chief and inseparable factor in
the warfare of nations.
Her rare appearance on the battlefield
or In hospitals— nursing, cheering and
hrf-M • *■ if f( F"» ... /. S» \ \ '^ T *^
comforting the wounded or dying— is a
very small part of what woman does
to promote this country's fighting ca-
pacity. She does more than roll band-
ages, scrape lint and send out dainty
boxes of provisions for husbands,
brothers and sweethearts in the field.
The wives and mothers, and the sis-
ters and sweethearts that will become
wives and mothers — contribute some-
thing more in addition to this cheering
comfort and inspiration.
Every male fighter, however brawny
and heroic, was born of woman; was
once a feeble infant drawing— along
with his very breath of life from his
mother's own physical resources — the
hardihood, mental stamina and high
courage that become a nation's final
and impregnable defense in the last
dread arbitrament of war.
Shall we say that women contribute
the bandages and provisions? No;
they contribute the fighters!
What sort of men will the women
of this present day contribute to the
nation and the world? What sort of
help and encouragement and inspira-
tion can a woman be who is enfeebled
and broken down by the diseases and
weaknesses peculiar to her sex? Can
such a woman maintain the position
that belongs to her on the battlefield
of every-day exertion and struggle?
Can she hope to be a capable mother
or efficient wife?
The dreadful sufferings which women
endure solely because of the delicate,
special organization which makes them
wives and mothers leads a thoughtful
person to consider whether it is most
woefully deplorable on their own sad
account or for the sake of the other
lives that are sooner or later dependent
on their own.
It is certain that the great work
which has been done toward restoring
the physical capacity of women in the
last twenty years, by Dr. R. V. Pierce
of Buffalo, N. V., has had a phenomenal
share in building up the courage and
power of the present generation. But
there are fifty thousand more women
who ought to know what Dr. Pierces
extraordinary medical insight and ex-
perience and his marvelous "Favorite
Prescription" have done for their
hopeless, discouraged sisters through-
out the world.
Every woman knows that the average
doctor cannot understand her case. He
is too busy; he has too many other
cases of an entirely different nature;
he lacks the special experience and
thorough understanding which are ne-
cessary to a complete appreciation of
her troubles. A lifetime of experience
and constant study has made Dr.
Pierce the acknowledged expert au-
thority in this particular field of prac-
tice.
So many women are in almost the
same state of mind as Mrs. Elizabeth
J. Bullard of Winnie, Bladen Co., N. C.
"I was afflicted for seventeen months."
she writes. "I was confined to the
house and yard all the time. I could
not be on my feet but a very little:
could not lift the weierht of a cup of
coffee, and did not have the strength to
speak more than «. few words at a
time. We tried three doctors and a
lot of patent medicine, which cost over
one hundred and twenty-five dollars,
and found no relief. I had lost all
hopes of ever getting any better when
my friends advised me to take Dr.
Pierces medicines. My husband said
he would try them next. He got me
five bottles of 'Favorite Prescription'
and three of 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery.' I commenced taking these med-
icines and soon found relief. When
I had taken one bottle of each I walk-
ed half a mile to church. I commenced
taking them the first of January. 1897;
the first of the following June I took
my cooking In hand and have cooked
for eleven In family all through the
summer. It was Dr. Pierces medi-
cines that gave me all the relief I have
received. I recommend them to all
suffering females, for it is his medi-
cines and the help of God that has re-
stored me. May the Lord bless him
and his medicines for the good they i
have done me."
Another lady, Mrs. "W. G. Day of
Trussville, Jefferson Co., Ala., writes:
"I cannot find words sufficient to ex-
press my praise for Dr. Pierces medi-
cine. For two years I had suffered
with weakness, headache, pain in my
back and side which would become
so sore that I could hardly bear
the weight of my hand UDon it; had
I DR. PIERCES MEDICINES.
I cold hands and feet and many other,
bad feelings, too numerous to men-
tion. Home physicians' treatment
did me no good. I had become very
despondent and thought I would
never be well again, but with a faint
heart I wrote Dr. Pier c and de-
scribed my symptoms as best I could.
He promptly answered by letter, and
sent me a treatise on 'Woman and Her
Diseases'; he also outlined a treatment j
for me which I followed to the best of'
my ability, and after taking six bottles
of 'Favorite Prescription' I can truth-
fully say that I felt like a new woman.
iln a few months afterward, when X
was suffering with the many troubles
I due to pregnancy, I procured 'Favorite
| Prescription' and took it through that
! time. I soon became very stout and.
I felt well. I was in labor only a shortj
time and got along well— better than Ii
ever did before. My baby is a fine boy,
now two months old, and has never"
I been sick any. I will never miss an
! opportunity to recommend Dr. Pierces
| medicines. I hope that all suffering
ladies will consult you, for I think they
will be benefited by taking your medi-l
| cines."
In the treatment of women's diseases]
■ there must be on the part of the physi-
j cian a realizing sense first of all that
' the trouble is a specific one; that It
saps the very foundation of a woman's
j vitality. It is not to be pooh-poohed at (
j nor made light of; nor "patched up"
with "a little something for the diges-]
tion," or a little something else for the.
' heart action. The remedy must be
i radical and thorough; it must give
' specific tone, heal h, purity end or-
; ganic power directly to the fundament-
j al starting point of the difficulty; It
must entirely rejuvenate the nervous
system and recreate the supply of com-!
plete, forceful, abundant vitality.
The wisest physician is none too wise
j to deal with these troubles; scientific
! training, deep study and the widest
I practical experience are indispensable;]
, no mere unskilled nurse, however cap-,
! able in her own sphere, is at all suit- :
I able or equipped with the requisite un-i
! derstanding of physiology and mcdi->
cine to be safely trusted in difficultieaj
so delicate and complicated.
All cases are not precisely alike tai
every respect; and while, as a matter (
of fact and record, there has not beenj
found one case out of a hundred of fe-i
male difficulties but what was prompt-!
ly alleviated and eventually cured by
Dr. Pierce* Favorite Prescription, fre-
quently it happens that in obstinate!
cases a course of simple and inexpen-j
sive self-treatment at home will great-]
ly aid recovery. In all such cases Dr. i
Pierce gladly gives careful, prof es- j
sionai advice by mail free of charge.
He has been for thirty years chief!
consulting physician of the Invalids' |
Hotel and Surgical Institute at Buffalo,;
X. V., and has gathered about him a'
staff of eminent associate specialists
in the different fields of medical prac-
tice. Dr. Pierce has originated some
of the most wonderfully effective rem-
edial discoveries known in modern
medicine. The late President Garfleld
once said of him: "He is one of the!
best men in the world and is at the i
head of one of the best medical lnstl- j
tutions in the world."
Any woman may feel absolute confi-
dence in writing to Dr. Pierce: her let-
ter will be considered sacredly private,
never published except by her express
wish and permission, and will be an-
swered with a sincere and intelligent
desire to place at her command th«
most capable and expert medical serv-
ice to be obtained anywhere in the
world.
"My wife 1 d been a great sufferer |
for a number of years with nervous !
prostration associated with every
j symptom that women of her age (45)
; are liable to have," writes W. O. Gard-
j ncr, Esq., of No. 122 Diamond street, I
Little Falls, N. Y. "She took a good I
deal of medicine of various kinds, and j
doctored with local doctors until I was >
I not able to pay any more doctors' bills. !
j She read the book that she procured I
! from you. and commenced to use Dr. ;
i Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and ]
j his 'Favorite Prescription.' Her health j
! is better now than it has been In six {
j years. If she had used the medicine six i
I years ago I might have been a good '
i many hundred dollars better off."
"I had been a great sufferer from, -•
I female weakness," writes Mrs. M. B. •
Wallace of Muenster, Cook Co., Texas./
"I tried four doctors and none did mer
any good. I suffered six years, but af
last I found relief. I followed yora
advice, and took four bottles of 'Gold-"
en Medical Discovery,' and eight of the
'Favorite Prescription.' I feel like a
new woman. I have gained eighteen
pounds."
The famous work entitled "Tha
Common Sense Medical Adviser," by
R. V. Pierce, M. D., is a splendid, thou-
sand page illustrated volume, which is
in itself a complete, popular medical
library. It has had a greater sale than
any other medical work ever printed
in any language, and has made Dr.
Pierces name a household word in
every corner of the English-speaking:
world. The profit from the sale of tha
first great edition of 750,000 copies, at
$1 50 each, prompted Dr. Pierce to issue
a free edition in paper covers. Most of:
this edition has already been taken up,
but while it lasts a copy will be sent,
without charge, on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps, to cover the cost of mail-
ing only. Address Dr. Pierce, 663 Main
St., Buffalo, N. Y. Or, if a heavier,
handsome cloth-bound copy is prefer-
red, send 10 stamps additional — 31 cents
in all. This grand volume contains the!
best advice, and explicit Information on i
all those phases of life with which ;
every intelligent person, and especially
all women, should be familiar;
910
FIRST HARDSHIPS OF VOLUNTEERS
WORN AND WEARY
SOUTHERN BOYS
The Gallant Seventh Reaches the
Presidio After a Long
March.
Incidents of the Dag in and Around
Headquarters and on the Camp
Ground.
San Francisco as the base of vrar
operations or. the Pacific now presents
\ scene of military activity and naval
preparation. Regular and volunteer
Iroops of the artillery, infantry and
ravalry are in camp on the Presidio
reservation. Two regiments of United
States volunteer infantry from Califor
nia pitched their tents on the reserva
tion yesterday. Four companies of the
Fourteenth United States Regular In
fantry left their quarters at Vancouver
WORN, WEARY AND HUNGRY THE SEVENTH REACHES THE PRESIDIO.
Barracks Inpt evening, j\nd are now on
the rail speeding toward this city. The
regulars will arrive early to-morrow
morning, if the schedule is maintained,
and will probably go into the brick
barracks of the Presidio recently va
cated by the First United States In
fantry.
It Is believed that General Merriam
has received orders from the major gen
eral commanding the armies of the
United States to v direct four troops of
the Fourth United States Cavalry sta
: tioned in the Department of the Colum
bia to proceed at once to join the
squadron of the Fourth now stationed
at the Presidio.
Orders may soon i??ur for the Fif
teenth United Infantry,
stationed in New Mexico, to report at
once to General Merriam at the Pre
sidio. It is known that General Mer
riam has received instructions from
Washington to mobilize the volunteer
■ regiments of Oregon, Washington and
Idaho at San Francisco. The purp •■-••
of this military activity ..-= not con
cealed. Plans have been formed for
an expedition to the Philippine Islands
to enable Admiral Dewey to pr<
the fruits of his brilliant victory over
the haughty and boastful Spanish.
According to the most trustworthy
•advices received at array headquarters
and the Presidio, the first column for
Manila will consist of troops from the
Third Artillery. Fourth Gavalry and
Fourteenth Infantry. The second ex->
pedition will doubtless consist of volun
j teers.
By direction I neral Merriam,
Colonel Miller, Third Artillery, com
. jnanding the defenses of San Fran
, cisco harbor, will receive at once the
I four batteries of heavy artillery volun
. teers recently enlisted under the call
of the President for troops from Cali
fornia. The new artillerymen will be
instructed in the duty and science of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open!
Open I
STORE,
130
KEARNY
STREET.
A full line of
DUNLAP & CO.'S
SPRING STYLES.
GEO. OOETTINGEII.
' handling the modern high power
I breech-loading rifles mounted at Fort
Point and Lime Point to .guard the en
trance to the Golden Gate. This branch
of the service is of the highest grade,
requiring: men of Intelligence and ac
tivity. An enlisted man who makes up
his ir.ind to settle down to hard study
in this field of the military service is
almost sure to receive promotion and
niilitr.ry honors.
Amon? the most active of the officers
of the United States army on duty here
After Their Long Journey the Bobs Threw Themselves on the Ground for Rest.
is Major Edward Field, acting adjutant
general of the Department of Califor
nia. Duties in his office and In the
require his constant attention. Heis . My
assisted by Major Rathbone. a retired
army officer and citizen of distinction.
The officers of the United States army
stationed at the Presidio speak in the
st terms of prai?e concerning the
•mia regiments of volunteers now
encamped on the reservation. The fine
athietic figures and soldierly bearing of
the troops from Southern California
elicited much admiring comment.
Colonel James F. Smith of the First
Re riment of Volunteers pnid his re
.'■]>.. ts to Colonel Louis T. Morris,
Fourth United States Cavalry, the com-
CROWDS WITNESS THE ARRIVAL OF THE GALLANT SEVENTH,
mander of the post, and, in proper mili
tary style, announced that his troops
were on the reservation and desired to
obey the regulations of the post. Col- j
onel Barry of the Seventh and Colonel
Morris met and exchanged similar
courtesies.
First Lieutenant James E. Nolan,
Fourth Cavalry, post commissary offi
cer, found volunteer commissary officers
intelligent and prompt. Lieutenant !
Nolan will have 100,000 rations to-day
and also a full supply of fresh beef.
Following is the official order of <len- '■
eral Merriam for the mobilization of the
Fourteenth United States Infantry and j
the volunteers of California, Washing
ton and Oregon: ]
Headquarters Department of California,
San Francisco, Cal., May 7. 3S9S.
General orders, No. S.
An encampment will be established at
the Presidio of San Francisco for the
Fourteenth United States Infantry and
the volunteer forces of the States of Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington.
The California volunteers will be sent
to the camp by regiments and batteries
as fast as practicable after having been
mustered into the service of the United
States, and the other troops immediately
i upon their arrival in San Francisco.
First Lieutenant John M. Neil!, Fourth
Cavalry, will be charged with the selec
tion of sites for the encampment, keeping
in view, first, facilities for water supply,
and ..second, economy of space. The lirst
site selected will be hounded as follows:
Commencing at the intersection of the
north line of Lombard st?eet with the
line of the easterly boundary fence of the
reservation, thence south 82*4 degrees
west 300 feet, thence north, parallel to
eastern boundary fence, 400 feet, thence
north 82% degre ta r.-ist 300 feet to the east
erly boundary fence of the reservation,
thence south 77 1 * degrees ea^t along said
fence 400 foet to point of commencement.
This includes the gatekeeper's house and
premises.
Arrangements have been made with the
Spring Valley Water Company for piping:
that place. Additional sites will extend
'westerly, keeping drill ground intact as
long as possible. By command of Briga
dier General Merriam.
EDWARD FIELD.
Major Second Artillery, Acting Assistant
Adjutant General.
Governor Uudd, as Commander-in
chief of the military and naval forces
of the State, has gained ready recog
nition from Major General Merriam
and other officers of distinction for the
display of executive ability in the or
ganization and movement of troops. It
will gratify the taxpayers of California
to learn that the vast work of calling
the volunteers into service will not cost
the State a sum exceeding $3000. In
an interview yesterday the Governor
remarked: "The United States Govern
ment pays the expense of bringing the
Seventh Regiment from Los Angeles t<>
this city. The Government also pays
for the clothing and equipment of the
I Volunteers. The expenses of tele~raph-
S ic and telephonic service, clerical hire
' ami many other items incident to ser
j vice at headquarters are defrayed by
the Government. Even the expense of
' returning' to the point of enlistment the
| men who fr.tl to pass the medical ex im
[nation is borne by the United States.
State expenses will not ex< I $3000."
Commenting on this, the Governor
said: "This is proper, because Califor
! nia meets her share of the general bur-
I dens imposed for conducting the war.
The State pays her proportion of taxes
for the maintenance of the General
rnment. In the reorganization of
the National Guard to replace the men
withdrawn from it fcr service as volun-
AT THE FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
Terrs in the United States army some
v will be required, and the State
Board of Examiners, at Jhe proper time,
will authorize a deficiency to be created.
As an auxiliary organization of scouts
the Sheriffs of the State will be or
ganized under the direction of Sheriff
Cunningham and others. No extra
compensation will be allowed, but we
shall have an excellent force of mount
ed scouts ready for any emergency."
The good points in the organisation
of the National Guard were illustrated
yesterday when Governor Budd re
ceived a message by wire from Surgeon
General Steinberg, U. S. A., relative to
the formation of a volunteer hospital
corps. Within five minutes after the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SL'^TDAY, iltfAY 8, 1898.
message came the order was conveyed
to Surgeon General Hopkins to organ
ize the corps as directed.
The two battalions of infantry in ad
dition to the two regiments under the
President's call will be ready for mus
tering in to-morrow. Each battalion is
to consist of four companies, making
eight companies. The Governor for
good and substantial reasons of record
has taken seven of the companies from
the Sixth Infantry Regiment of the San
Joaquin Valley. The eighth organiza
tion is Company E of the Second Infan
try, Sacramento. The troops now in
rendezvous at Stockton will arrive here
to-morrow and immediately go into
camp on the Presidio reservation.
It is a source of disappointment to
many of the young men; of San Jose,
Oakland, Alameda, Petaluma, Santa
Rosa and San Rafael that the excel
lent Fifth Regiment was not called into
the volunteer service, but the truth is
thai several companies of the Fifth
wrre not up to the numerical standard.
As usual, the busy men at National
Guard headquarters yesterday were
Governor James H. Budd, General A.
j W. Barrett and Colonel Fred Burgin.
I There was no cessation of the routine
| business which they have daily been
called upon to transact since the re
ceipt of the President's proclamation
calling for volunteers from this State.
There was, however, a break in the
smooth running of affairs at about
half-past 4 <,-'olock in the afternoon,
when a message was received inform
■ ing the Governor that no provision had
been made for feeding the members of
the Seventh Volunteer Infantry of Los
Angeles. The information greatly per
turbed the Governor, and he at once
instructed Colonel Burgin to purchase
all necessary supplies for the men,
telling Colonel Burgin to "give the
boys the best in the land." These in
structions were immediately carried
out, and. notwithstanding the short
time intervening, by 6 o'clock the com-
missary of the Seventh was supplied
with everything necessary to satisfy
the wants of the men, the Governor
giving the matter his personal atten
tion by visiting the camp at the Pre
sidio himself.
The following telegram was received
by Governor Hudd at 2 p. m. yester
day from the surgeon-general of the
United States army:
To the Governor of California: Please
request your surgeon general to nomi
nate to the mustering officer a sufficient
number of candidates for hospital corps,
from which the medical examining board
will select for instruction; two hospital
stewards, two mains stewards an.l iH'ty
eight privates. BTBRNBEBG,
Surgeon General United Stales.
Immediately upon the receipt of the
above telegram General Barrett for
warded the following communication to
Colonel W. E. Hopkins, surgeon-general
of California:
Sir: Enclosed please find copy of tele
gram Just received from the surgeon gen
eral of the United States, and the Gov
ernor directs that you carry out the re
quest contained thereto immediately.
A. W. IJAKRETT, Adjutant General.
The following telegram was yesterday
forwarded from headquarters in com
pliance with instructions heretofore
received:
General Merrinm, Vancouver Barracks,
Washington: Two . full volunteer regi
ments of twelve companies each, now
stationed at the Presidio. One mustered
into the service, other being- examined.
Three batteries of heavy artillery exam
ined and passed for muster Monday, 6 a.
m. The other battery and thf battalions
of infantry will arrive and be mustered
on Monday. All infantry fairly well uni
formed and equipped except overcoats
and blankets. JAMES H. BUDD.
The Governor has issued the following
appointments: Major commanding bat
tery of heavy artillery, Frank S. Rice;
first lieutenant and adjutant, J. A.
Koster. Battery A — Captain, D. Geary;
first lieutenant, T. F. Barry; second
lieutenants, J. B. Morse and A. P.
Hayr.e. Battery B— Captain, T. J. Hay;
first lieutenant, Herbert Choynski; sec
ond lieutenants, G. B. Huie and F. S.
Rpragrue. Battery C — Captain, John
Cook; first lieutenant, J. W. Hay; sec
ond lieutenants, C J. Boden and
Charles C. King. Vhe officers of Bat
tery D will be appointed after their ar
rival from Los Angeles.
Father W. D. McKinnon of Sulsun
has been appointed chaplain of the
First Infantry.
SEVENTH IN CAMP.
Arrival of the Gallant Regi
ment of Volunteers From
Southern California.
San Francisco extends its •warmest con
gratulations to Colonel J. R. Berry upon
the splendid body of men he has the
honor to command.
The Seventh Infantry, N. G. C. (soon
to be the Seventh Infantry. California
Volunteers^, arrived in this city at 11:15
a. m. yesterday, and escorted by a de
tachment of police and local National
Guard troops marched direct to the Pre
sidio, where they went into camp to the
west of Colonel Smith's regiment.
It is doubtful if a finer regiment could
i be picked from all the available material
In the State than the 1100 troops the
southland has contributed to the defense
of the flap. Their average age is about 27
: years, while their average height will
I come close to five feet nine Inches. There
was nothing 1 of the play-soldier in the ap
l pearance of the men as they disembarked
from the ferry boat Piedmont and formed
in column of fours for their long march
to the reservation. Equipped in campaign
; uniforms, with slouch hats and leggings,
they conveyed the impression at once
that they were out for business and am
: ious to engage in it.
An immense crowd was gathered at the
ferry depot to welcome the solaiers. while
Market street and Golden Gate and Van
Ness avenues were choked with men,
women and children eager to voice a
greeting:. At the depot Governor Budd.
Adjutant General Barrett, Major General
I'ickinson and Brlgßdier General War
field, with thi'ir stuffs, and Captain Car
rington, U. S. A., awaited the Seventh's
arrival, together with a platoon of police
j under command of Lieutenant Birdsall;
i tiie Second Brigade Signal Corps, mount
ed, Captain Perkins; Troop A, Cavalry, ,
| N. G. C, Captain Burnett, and a detach- 1
i ment of the Naval Battalion, commanded
■ by Lieutenant Commander Nerny, .Lieu
tenants Qunn and Elliott. Ensigns Kam
merrer and Peterson and Surgeon Morris-
Bey. The First Infantry having just been
' ordered into camp, was unable to act as
escort, but Colonel Smith sent his band i
I for duty.
The escort formed in lino on East street
and as the regiment marched out of the
ferry depot anus were presented, while
the band played the "Red, White and
Blue." The Seventh did not bring its
band, but its field music, a fine drum and
bugle corps, amply made up for the de
ficiency.
Accompanying the Seventh was Briga
dier General Last, commanding the First
Brigade; Lieutenant Colonel Welch, A.
A. <i.; Lieutenant Colonel Choate, sur
geon; Major Dockweller, engineer officer,
j and Captains Bower and Baker, aids, all
| on General Last's staff. Surgeon Choate
' will resign from the brigade staff and be
come chief surgeon of the Seventh Regi
| ment. These officers were conducted to
i carriages and the signal was give?, to
I start. The police swung into Market
\ street, followed i.y the signal corps, cay-
I airy, naval battalion and officers' car
riages, and a great cheer went up as the
head of the gallant Seven in appeared.
The field and staff, acting on orders, did
not brin£ their horses, consequently Col
onel Berry tramped at the head of his
regiment, accompanied by the following
members of his staff: Lieutenant Colonel
Schreiber; Captain Alfonzo. a djutant;
Captain A. S. Clark, chaplain; Lieuten
ants Hutchinson, quartermaster, and Aus
tin, commissary. Major Prescott com
manded the First Battalion, composed of
Companies B, G, A and M, Lieutenant
Hlghee being his adjutant. The Second
Battalion, Companies X, C, F and I, was
commanded by Major Wener. with Lieu
tenant Frederick* adjutant. Major Bang
ham and Adjutant Blaokstock wore in
charge of the Third Battalion, Companies
L. D. H and E, the regiment forming in
this order. The non-commissioned staff
consists of Sergeant-Major Bradbury and
Principal Musician Heydenreicti.
Officers and men were, very tired, hav
ing traveled for twenty-four hours on
short rations in ordinary coaches without
even an opportunity to stretch them
selves, but when they heard the cheers
and saw the thousands who had turned
out to welcome them they forgot hunger
and fatigue and cheerily began their
march to the Presidio. The line of march
was up Market street to Golden Gate ave
enue, to Van Ness, to Lombard street
and out that boulevard to the camp
around. Market street was a mass of
cheering. flag-waving humanity. Traffic
was entirely suspended during the puss
ing of the troops, while merchants and
their employes forgot business in their
zeal to express their well wishes.
At Van Ness and Ellis the escort fell
out and saluted the Seventh as it passed
and soon after the route step was taken
:n order to relieve the men as much as
possible. When the Lombard street en
trance to the Presidio was reached line
was reformed, and passing between the
guard of the First, drawn up on one side
of the mad. and a battalion standing at
"present" on the other side, the regi
ment marched on to the big drill ground
and waited until the camp equipage ar
rived. The men unburdened themselves
of their haversacks and canteens and
threw themselves on the hard ground, ;
I almost exhausted from their long fast j
and hard march. But their troubles were
not yet at an end.
The regiment has not been mustered
into the United States service yet, and
Continued on Pa*e Eleven.
The Dr. Slocum System at Last
Presents to Mankind a Perfect
and Positive Cure for This Foe
of Health.
CONQUERING THE CURSE OF
CENTURIES.
By Special Arrangement Three Free Bot-
tles of the Dr. Slocum System to All
Readers of " The San Francisco Call."
Science and
consumption have been battling for ages,
and now the glad tidings are being car-
ried around the world by the army of
the saved, that at last science is tri-
umphant, at last consumption has been
overcome and vanquished.
For many
weary years men of science have delved
in a desert of despair, seeking some
means with which to lay low the despoil-
er of human lives, the wrecker of peace-
ful homes, the grim guardian of the
graveyard— consumption. Now the time
is at hand when all should know that
the terror of consumption is a thing of
the past; that the fatality of the disease
is absolutely unnecessary; that the
means to exterminate it from this glori-
ous world of ours is within the reach
of all, and Is an assured fact.
This annihilation of
consumption, this conqueror of bron-
chitis, asthma, catarrh and all other
complaints of lungs and throat, is named
after its celebrated discoverer, the Doc-
tor Slocum System of Treatment, and
cures by the simplest, the must natural
and yet the most forceful manner, by at
once removing the cause.
You cannot
expect, when a building is on fire, to
put out all the flames by pouring water
on a portion of them: neither can you
ever expect to conquer consumption by
stupefying the cough and allowing the
deadly" germs to continue in their wicked
work.
The Doctor Slocum
System is not in any sense a half-way
worker. It at once attacks the germs
and drives them, not only out of tlie
lungs, but out of the entire system. At
the saint- time, it gradually masters the
cough, until at length it disappears.
Meanwhile
it has been adding vigor and tone and
strength to the blood, until, to the merry
music of returning health, it leaps and
bounds joyfully through the veins, sei.il-
ing the bright, rich, rosy flush of youth
to the cheeks, rill the nerves tingle with
strength, the step becomes elastic, and
the head i? held proudly erect, with the
full sense of rejuvenation and recreation.
Why you
fairly thirst for air after you have been
under the Doctor Slocum System for a
little while. Where before you were un-
able to take even the slightest strain on
your lungs In breathing, you find, after
a. little bit. that your lungs, once so
poor and tired, greedily take in copious
draughts of air, and away down in the
lower parts, which had been worse than
uselofs for so long, this pure, heaven-
s.-tit air pen. ;rates and sends the blood
bounding away with the glad ttdlnga ••:
perfect health, til! you feel, no matter
how groat the obstacle, you are ready
and able to cope with it.
I TO EVERY READER OF "THE SAN FRANCISCO |
| CALL" THREE FREE BOTTLES UPON I
I APPLICATION. I
y <$
£ EDITORIAL NOTE— Medicine reduced to an exact science by: the world's X
*> most famous physician. All readers of The Call anxious regarding the <£
\> health : of -themselves, children/relatives- or friends may have three free <$>
b bottles of the Dr. Slocum System, .represented: in the J above illustration, <n
p with - complete ; directions, i pamphlets, testimonials. ~. etc:, by sending full ad- «S>
P.: dress to the Dr. Slocum Laboratory. Sloeum Building," 98 i Pine street,* New <?
? ; York City. This; is a plain, honest, straightforward offer, and Is made to in- <«>?
? troduce the Merits of the New System of Treatment; ';and should be accepted <?
£■' at once. When writing Doctor please mention The San Francisco Call. %
The Doctor
Slocum System is the result of years of
it research and study. It is the
crystallisation, into a complete and sim-
ple system of treatment, of the discover-
ies of Koch, Virchow and Metchnikoff.
It Is as
its name implies, a comprehensive and
complete system of treatment, which at-
tacks every vulnerable point of the dis-
ease and completely vanquishes it. It
leaves no point unguarded: it leaves no
phase of the trouble neglected; it cures,
and cures forever, by absolutely obliter-
ating the cause, and with the cause re-
moved , the disease must necessarily dis-
appear.
In all the
annnls of scientific discoveries the Doc-
tor Slocum System must be accorded first
place, for it overcomes an obstacle which
has icen the menace of creation for
countless centuries. It removes from ltfo
one of its greatest dangers and one of its
gravest disasters. It makes life better
worth the living, and robs Death of one
of his ablest lieutenants.
Glorious and
frrsml as the news is, the best part of it
is now to come.
By special -
arrangement with the Doctor all readers
of The Call and any of their friends may
have three full bottles of this wonderful
discovery by sending their names and fall
addresses to the Doctor Sloeu-n Labora-
tory. Slocum Building, 9S Pine Street,
New York.
This is a
magnanimous — yrs, philanthropic — offer,
and is open to every reader of The Call
or to any of their friends, and the only
obligation on the part of any one taking
advantage of this opportunity is that ho
use the Doctor Slocum System for tha
alleviation of human suffering and the
curing of the dread disease — consumption.
Remember, the Doctor
Slocum System has proven by the most
difficult testa to which it could be sub-
jected that it is beyond the possible
s:^: &ay* of a o'-uibt the absolute conqueror
sumption, catarrh, bronchitis, asth-
ma and all other throat and lung diseases,
and all that it will be necessary for you
to do. will be to faithfully follow the di-
rections and allow this splendid system
to work out its own perfect and certain
cure.
Spread the
glad tidings if you are not a sufferer, that
:;li the world may know and participate
in this generous offer, for, remember, the
three free bottles are available to all Call
readers and their friends, who have only
to send their ncmrp and addresses to Dr.
T. A. Slocum. OS Pine Street. New York
Ciiv. and of whom it is expected that
they will use the great discovery to help
eradicate from the face of the earth that
bane of human life — consumption and its
kindred evils.WORN AND WEARY
SOUTHERN BOYS.
Continued from Page Ten.
4 ie men must be examined by the regu
lar surgeons, although they have already
passed examination by the regimental
corps. As this will require two days at
least, it was at first decided to quarter
them in the Page street Armory until
they had been mustered in. At the last
I minute, however, they were ordered to
the Presidio direct, and tired as they were
and with no provision made for feeding
them, they had to set to work and pitch
their tents before they could find shelter
from the strong west wind. This wind
was most trying to the men, coming, as
they have, from an almost tropical cli
mate, and those who were not provided
with overcoats. chilled to the mar
row. One of the First's surgeons re
marked that it would not be surprising
if some of the men were attacked with
pneumonia.
To add to their misery Colonel Berry
was instructed to not bring his mess
equipage, so that although Lieutenant
.Nolan, the post commissary, soon had an
ample supply of provisions of every de
scription delivered to the regiment, there
were no ovens or cooking utensils to pre
pare the food, or dishes to serve it on.
Not a word of complaint was heard,
however, the men toiling cheerfully
through the long hours of the afternoon
pitching their tents. They were greatly
hampered in this work owing to lack of
tent pegs, and it was nearly dark before
the last company and headquarters tent
was in place. The garrison was drawn on
for utensils, and finally the half-famished
men were served with an abundance of
substantial food of excellent quality.
The regular army officers stationed at
the post are deserving of more than a
mere complimentary word for the aid ex
tended to their volunteer brothers-in
arms. It was they who laid out the camp
grounds, marked off the company streets
and in various ways did all in their power
to make officers and men comfortable. |
The officers of the Fourtn Cavalry were
particularly active in this work, while
Captain Carrington and Lieutenant Clo
man were here, there and everywhere ar-
W ranging for blankets, overcoats, camp and
~ mess supplies and attending to countless
other things calculated to add to the wel
fare of the men. Lieutenant Nolan is
looked upon by the Seventh as more than
its guardian angel because of his prompt
I steps to provide for them.
On the whole, those who were inclined
to the opinion that the "regulars" would
give the volunteers the cold shoulder are
most happily disappointed, and are now
the loudest in singing the praises of the
West Pointers. While the First went into
camp well equipped, the Seventh was al
most destitute of the necessaries of camp, I
but by Monday it will be fully provided
for in every respect by the Government.
The work of examining the men and
mustering them in will begin at 8 o'clock
• this morning . The surgeons of both regi
ments will be on duty and it Is hoped to
complete the work to-night, though it
may take until to-morrow to examine
them all.
The Seventh Is composed of twelve com
panies of eighty-four men each, with five
/ extra men to the company to fill th*»
places of any who may fail to pass the
examination." The companies, with their
officers and their home station, are as
follows:
Company A, Los Angeles, Captain Wan
kowski. First Lieutenant Bates, Second
Lieutenant Allen.
* Company B. San Diego, Captain Dodge,
Second Lieutenant Milcke.
Company C, Los Angeles, Captain Lang
worthy. First Lieutenant George, Second
Lieutenant Coe.
Company D, Pomona, Captain Thomas,
First Lieutenant Reynolds, Second Lieu
tenant Phillips.
Company E. Santa Paula', Captain Fer- j
nnlri. First Lieutenant Say, Second Lieu- I
tenant Kenney.
Company F. Los Angeles, Captain Rey
nolds. First Lieutenant Chappellier, Sec
ond Lieutenant Wlmans.
Company G. Redlands, Captain Biggen,
First Lieutenant i all wood. Second Lieu
• • :■. Nt Palm tag
Company H. Ventura. Captain Brown,
>• First Lieutenant Hammons.
c Company I. Pasadena. Captain Liopin
oott. First Lieutenant Cole, Second Lieu
foott. First Lieutenant Cole, Second Lieu
■ Thayer.
\ Company K. Ban Bernardino. Captain
Bloat, First Lieutenant Secomb.
Company M. Riverside. Captain Finley,
F!i Lieutenant Greenloaf, Second Lieu
tenant Vestnl.
Company N. Riverside. Captain Pann.
First Lieutenant Bidwell, Second Lieu
tenant Bailey. •-:".?
Chaplain Alf -'I S. Clark Is one of the
most striking I ires in the regiment. He
is a tali, handsome man of about 60 years
of ncre and is loved by every man in -the
command. This affection is fully recipro- I
cated by the chaplain, who declares he
A will go wherever the regiment goes. He
r has the am '■■ of captain and is rector of
Christ Episcopal Church, one of the most
prominent in Los Angeles. Yesterday the
chaplain marched the entire distance with
the regiment, declining an invitation to a
scat in a carriage because he preferred ;
to be with his boys. At Van Ness avenue
and ,inn street it was suggested that
he board ft car and meet me regiment at ]
the Prosidio. but he replied that if he
did Presidio, but as that his that would i
- 1 ! .i thing as that his boys would j
' think he had deserted them and he would
lose their respect.
♦
FIRST INFANTRY.
The Regiment in Camp at
the Presidio.
Tt was exact o'clock a. m. yester
day when above th<- noise of busy prep
aration the clear notes of the trumpeter's
:r,dine- to the First Califor
nia United States Volunteer Infantry t*»«
first rail to quarters. For a moment the
armory seemed a maelstrom of disorder
and chaoa as the men hurried to their
V company rooms. A few minutes later
thf- sergeant's call was blown and the
companies formed arid marched from the
armory. somo in heavy and others in
light marching order. The regiment
/ormcd upon Paef street, with its left
resting upon Market and facing -to the
' i east.
When Major Kelleher, the adjutant of
the regiment, had completed the forma
tion he rode up to Colonel Smith, who
with his staff occupied a position in front
of the color company, and reported the
formation as being completed. The col
onel then drew his sword and Rave the
command, "Port arms, fours rig-ht, for
ward inarch." which was the first com
mand he had given the regiment as a
colonel of United States volunteers, and
the long blue line of soldiers swung off at
a lively step on their march to the Pre
sidio, with the drum and fife corps play
ir.pr the martial strains of "T^mmy At
kins."
The scenes around the First Regiment
Armory as the men were preparing to
leave were interesting 1 and full of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Newest
BICYCLE
With the
r Oldest ! Name,. . .
Chainless Bicycle
Makes hill-climbing easy.
Makes touring a delight.
Makes bicycling more than ever a pleasant,
healthful and cleanly exercise.
THE COLUMBIA CHAINLESS
Is in a class alone.
Rid© It at our expense —
VV/oMI prove our claims.
POPE MFG. CO., Makers.
A 844 Post St. .....San Francisco
Pa*eSt." .Near Park Entrance
WM.; CLARK, v.
102 Telegraph AYC.iVv..«.v.».;..Oakland j
liveliest animation, .-with. a touch of sad
ness withal, for more i than one anxious
mother's tear-filled eyes told the story of
her heart's love for her boy. Then there
were wives to say good-by to their hus
bands. 
There was not such a large crowd as
had been expected would be present, but
this was because the public did not know
the regiment would march so early. It
had been published that it 'would leave
the armory at noon, but Colonel Smith,
realizing the immense amount of work
to be done in getting his camp up,
thought it best, to get to the Presidio as
soon as possible.
Surgeon Major McCarthy was at the
armory at an early hour to examine the
last of the late men to. get in. He de
tailed Captain Rethers as the surgeon of
the new camp temporarily, until he has
completed the work of examining all the
men of the different commands that are
to be mustered into the Government serv
ice. —^
The line of march of the regiment was
up Van Ness avenue to Lombard street,
and thence to the Presidio. Colonel Smith,
his staff and the men who are to fight
for Uncle Sam* received an ovation all
along the route, and especially cheered
was B Company, which Is commanded by-
Captain Filmer, and to whom belongs the
honor of carrying the regimental colors.
At McAllister street the four companies,
C, F, G and K. from the Ellis street ar
mory. Joined the regiment as the third
battalion and brought up the rear. The,
first battalion headed the regiment and/
the second was in the middle. — '■
It was exactly twenty minutes to 12
o'clock when Company M passed through
the Lombard-street entrance of the Pre
sidio and stepped upon the Government
reservation as the sworn and trusted
soldiers of Uncle Sam. The companies
filed to the right as they entered and
marched down toward the bay, prepara
tory to being assigned to their camp.
Lieutenant J. M. Nc-all, U. B. a., received j
Colonel Smith and gave orders as to |
where he was to make his camp. He was I
also of great assistance to the officers of
the regiment in getting their companies
properly assigned.
As soon as the place for the camp was
designated, which is just to the left of
the Lombard-street entrance, the work
of erecting the tents began, and soon the
men were as busy as bees getting their
new home together and things in shape.
The company streets run north and south
with the tents facing to the east, so as
to avoid the wind from the bay. Colonel
Smith's headquarters were established
just across the road from the regiment
camp and to the right as one enters the
Presidio on the cars. The Hospital Corps
also established its camp on the same side j
of the road as that of the colonel.
On the right is the First Battalion,
composed of Companies M.-A, E and I;
in the center is the Second Battalion,
composed of Companies H, B. D and L
while upon the left is the Third Bat
talion, composed of Companies X, C, F
and G. Beyond the First Regiment is
encamped the Seventh, and to their left
will be the troops from Oregon and
"Washington.
It was shortly after 1 o'clock when the
Seventh came marching into the Presidio
with the blare of trumpets and the rattle
of drums. Just before Colonel Berry's
command arrived upon ' the grounds.
Colonel Smith ordered the assembly to
be sounded, and the men ceased work and
formed by companies without arms ps
their comrades passed in review. The !
companies uncovered as the colors of the
Seventh went by. and when the last com
pany of the . Seventh was upon the
grounds the First gave them three cheers
and a tiger as a soldiers' welcome.
Captain Carrington yesterday gave out
the following letter for publication:
Vancouver Barracks, "Wash., May 4, 189 S.
Captain P. de L. Carrington, San Francisco,
Ca!.— Sir: When the enlistment and enroll
ment of the California volunteers Is completed,
if more than California's quota desire service
please refer them to the Fourteenth Infantry
tor enlistment in that regiment upon its ar
rival in San Francisco, should any vacancies
exist. Very respectfully,
H. C. MERRIAM. Brigadier-General.
The work of pitching the tents occu
pied some time, and this with the general
formation of the camp consumed the beat
part of the afternoon and evening. Colonel
Smith was everywhere, giving his person
al attention to the many matters that
caJled for it, and his ability as an officer
of organization was never better illus
trated than it was yesterday. The cap
tains of the different companies were
busy looking after the comfort of their
men and attending to the drawing of ra
tions and blankets from the quartermas
ter. The officers of the Presidio called
upon Colonel £mith at different times
during the day and extended to him and
his command many courtesies.
It will be at least a day before every
thing is running in perfect working order.
Lieutenant McOnrren of Company D was
the officer of the guard yesterday. The
dt-tail consisted of thirty-two men, four
corporals and a sergeant. Colonel Smith
issued an order dividing the beats of the
sentinels into twelve posts. After the
officers' mess at supper all of the officers
were summoned to headquarters, where
Colonel Smith held a conference with
them relative to the routine matters of
the camp and its military conduct.
At 11 o'clock taps were blown, and save
for the sentinel's challenge of the hour an
his "All's well" rang out upon the nighi
air, nothing disturbed the silence that
rested like a calm of peace over the
i sleeping soldiers who were doing their
i first duty for their Government.
Captain-Surgeon Rethers and his able
corps had several slight wounds to dress
yesterday. Private Hopkins, Company F,
cut his right hand; Private Smiley, Com
pany G,' received a cut upon the jaw;
Private | Harrison, Company I. had his
right thumb cut, and Corporal Trasch
ner. Company E, had an epileptic fit and
was taken to the field hospital upon a
stretcher. He shortly recovered. He will
probably be honorably discharged from
the service.
Colonel Smith's first mall In camp
brought him the following two communi
tlons:
SAX FRANCISCO. May 7. IS9S.
Colonel James F. Smith, First Infantry Cali
fornia Volunteers. San Francisco — My Dear j
Colonel: I congratulate you and your com
mand upon being the first mustered into serv
ice on this Coast, and, while I am sorry to
see you go out of the National Guard, still I
am glad that you go out under such circum
stances, and I have the fullest confidence and
faith in your future.
I hope to be able to go with you into active
service, but, whether I shall or not, the old
First Regiment and its officers I shall always
watch with the keenest interest and unwaver
ing faith in their performance of duty.
If you have an opportunity I shall be pleased
to have you call at headquarters, and 1 shall
hope to visit you, unofficially, soon in your
camp.
Accompanying this is a communication from
Colonel Macdonald which speaks fur itself, and
which, I have no doubt, will be highly appre
ciated. Yours very truly,
JOHN H. DICKINSON,
Major- General, N. G. C.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 7, IS9B.
Colonel James F. Smith, Commanding- First
Regiment California Volunteers, San Fran-
CIBCO, Cal.— Sir: At an Interview had with Mr.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber of Com
merce of the city of San Francisco, he author
ized me to state that that body would furnish
colors for your regiment. Very respectfully
your obedient servant,
WILLIAM MACOONALD.
Colonel, N. G. C, Retired.
The following replies were sent:
Headquarters First Regiment California V. S
Volunteer Infantry-
PRESIDIO. SAN FRANCISCO, May 7. 1998
Major General John H. Diekinsoa, N G C
San Francisco— Sir; I have the honrr to be In
receipt of your letter of congratulation on my
being musfrfd into tho Vnitf-d States volun
teers. It gives me groat pleasure to receive
this mark of your kind thought for me and my
command. I am happy to feel that you have
confidence In me, and with fidelity and atten
tion to mr duties hope to show myself worthy
of it. I need not say that I and my command
will be highly gratified if you go with us into
active service, as we realize it would 1.- a
compliment paid to one who has richly de
served 1 1 .
My regiment will be honored by a visit
from you at any time, officially or otherwise,
and I, with my officers, will take the first op
portunity of paying our respects and personal
thanks for your congratulation*. I have the
honor to be. very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JAMES F. SMITH.
Colonel First Regiment California United
States Volunteer Infantry.
Headquarters First Rerlment California, V.
S. Volunteer Infantry-
PRESIDIO. SAN FRANCISCO, May 7, 1898.
Colonel William Mactlonald, N. G. C. (re
tired). San Francisco— Sir: I begr to return
through you my most sincere and heartfelt
thanks to the Chamber of Commoroe for their
very generous offer to donate the colors to my
regiment. I can assure you that they shall
be carried with honor, and shall never be
etained but with such murks as shall add to
the greater glory of. our country and our
State.
My dear Colonel, I cannot express to you
my feelings at this new mark of your gener
osity to me and my regiment.
Please accept my most sincere thanks, in
which the officers of the regiment join. May
we soon have the honor and pleasure of a
visit from you. I have the honor to be very
respectfully your obedient servant,
P JAMES F. SMITH.
Colonel First Regiment California, U. S.
Volunteer Infantry.
The following communication was ad\
dressed by Colonel Smith on his arrival
in camp to the assistant adjutant general
of the department:
Headquarters First Regiment California,
T'ntted States Volunteer Infantry.
PRESIDIO. SAN FRANCISCO, May 7, 1898.
The Assistant Adjutant General, Department
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
of California, San Francisco— Sir: I have the
honor to report the arrival of the First Regi
ment California united States Volunteer In
fantry, in camp at the Presidio, pursuant to
instructions from department commander, re
ceived through musterinp officer. I have the
honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JAMKS F. SMITH,
Colonel First i.eeiment California, United
States Volunteer Infantry.
HEAVY ARTILLERY.
Arrival of Captain Cook's
Battery From Sac=-
ramento.
Early yesterday morning, before the
city was fairly astir. Troop B of the cav
alry, N. G. C, arrived from Sacramento
and marched to the old armory on Tenth
and Market streets, where it will be mus
tered into the volunteer service as Bat
i tery C, California Heavy Artillery.
' The troop numbered 143 officers and
! men, being commanded by Captain John
If Cook, First Lieutenant S. W. Kay and
; Second Lieutenant C. B. Strong. They
are a fine appearing lot of men, strong
and intelligent, and in every way compe
tent to handle the big coast defense guns
alter they have been given some instruc
tion. The troop left Sacramento at 4:lo
o'clock yesterday morning, arriving here
at 8:30. Upon reaching the armory break
fast was served, after which Surgeons
Farrell, Rottanzi and Rethers began their
i examination.
As soon as the battery is mustered i
into service by Captain Carrington it will |
be ordered to report to Colonel Miller,
Third Artillery, for duty at Fort Point.
, Whether it will remain here or be sent to
Manila has not been determined, but the
i members are anxious to go to the front.
The men who are to form Battery D of
the Volunteer Artillery are expected to
arrive from the south this morning or to
morrow, and as soon as they are mus
tered in they, too, will report to Colonel
Miller.
GUARDIING HIGH
EXPLOSIVES
Precautions Taken for the
Safety of the Plant
at Giant.
The property of the Giant Powder
Company is being very carefully pro
tected and guarded from evil-minded per
sons and accidents. A few weeks ago
there was an explosion at the works at
Clipper Gup, in Placer County, but that
was caused by one of the buildings being
struck by lightning. At the Clipper Gap ;
Works armed guards are constantly on '
watch to prevent Spanish sympathizers
from gaining access to the premises. It
is the plant at Giant, in Contra Costa
County, nineteen miles from this city,
that the company is most concerned
about. These works occupy a tract of
land of 350 acres, on which there are
eighty buildings, where the manufacture
of powders and high explosives is carried
on. The tract is on a point of land that
extends out into San Pablo Bay, and in
consequence the officers of the company
are able to guard it well.
As soon as the first signs of hostilities
made their appearance the secret service
agents of the Government requested the
officers of the company to take extra pre
cautions, for the plant is of great im
portance to the Government, it is the
only piace in the West where gelatine for
marine mines and dynamite guns is made,
borne Of the products carry over SO per |
cent of explosive. Only a few days ago a
huge order of this stuff was filled for the
Government. As a matter of fact, the
warning was hardly necessary, for the
manager, Julian Sonntag, had already
given directions to have the guard
doubled and no one allowed on the prem
ises not regularly employed there. Since
the declaration of hostilities the force of
watchmen has been increased, until near
ty' half of the force is cither a Deputy
Sheriff or a Deputy Constable.
Being situated on a peninsula, the place
is easily guarded, one watchman com
manding a view of large areas of land.
On all prominent places are fastened
signs, which read:
"Property of the Giant Powder
Company, Consolidated. Notice.
Any stranger found in the premises
of this company will be immedi
ately placed under arrest. FRANK
HOLLER, Superintendent.
"Approved, JULIAN SONNTAG,
General Manager."
Notices have also been placed on the
bay shore warning all boats and water
• craft to keep away. The nearest thor
; oughfare passing the lands of the com
| pany is the railroad, that great highway
i that the tramps have grown to consider
■ ad bavlng been built for their special
| benefit. For about ten miles the weary
i wanderers are having a hard time of it at
! present. The deputies of the Giant have .
: an understanding with the officers of the
i California Powder Works at Pinole, five
: miles further up the road, by which
j every tramp is kept in motion until he is
I a long distance from either works, i
i Tramps are not allowed to stop or rest
: for a minute along the railroad track,
i which means that they have to hustle
along or go to jail. There is but little
fear of the genuine tramp, but it is very
easy for one sympathizing with the
Spanish cause to assume the garb of the
wanderer and so get near to the works
and thus be able to do mischief which
| would be of much importance to this
; Government.
In order that no other than employes of
the works may get upon the premises, a
clever system has been put into practice
by Mr. Sonntag. To each employe is
given a card, with the name, height,
weight, color of hair, eyes, etc., and other
peculiarities. These are examined very
frequently by the armed deputies. Dur
ing the night a large force is kept on
duty, and these men make regular rounds,
the same being registered by watchmen's
clocks placed at a number of points. In
speaking of the care being taken at the
works, Mr. Sonntag said: "We are not
going to take any chances of having any
thing happen. It is a valuable plant to
us and to the Government, especially at
the present time, and we believe that
while the country is more or less filled
with spies and sympathizers of Spain we
cannot be too careful as to whom we
allow upon the premises."
O'NEIL HONORED.
The Captain Presented by
His Co=Workers With
a Sword.
Thomas F. O'Neil, a deputy In County
Clerk Curry's office and captain of Com-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Painless
Dentistry,
Full Pet of Teeth. Extracting Free $5 00 up
Gold Crowns, 22-k 3 50 up
Fillings, silver 25c up
Fillings, gold 75c up
Bridge work, per tooth $3 50 up
VAN VROOM
ELECTRO DENTAL PARLORS,
SIXTH AND MARKET,
G. W. KLEISER, D.O.S. I
I pany M, Second Regiment, N. G. C, was
I among the first of the militiamen to vol
j unteer his services to the Government.
i The other deputies in the office then de
i termined to present him with a sword and
! revolver. The presentation was made
i yesterday morning by ex-Senator T. C.
! Maher in a short but fitting speech.
County Clerk Curry added to the pleas
! ure of the occasion by announcing that
I he considered O'Xeil to be one of the best
deputies in the office. He then added that
if he was still in office when O'Neil's ser
vices were not required by the country
he would give him a better position than
i he held at the time of his retirement from
i his official position.
Captain O'Neil was entirely taken by
i surprise when the presentation was made,
! but fittingly responded.
The sword bears the inscription "Pre
! sented to Captain Thomas P. O'Neil,
i Second Regiment, N. G. C, Company M,
by his fellow employes. County Clerk's
office, San Francisco, Cal., May 7, 1898. In
defense of our country. Remember the
Maine."
NEWS FROM THE FLEET.
Several private dispatches were received
in this city yesterday by friends or rela
tives of the men engaged in the battle
with the Spanish fleet off Manila. One
of the happiest men in town was McMil
lan Dutton, vice-president of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company. Mr.
Button is the proud lather of R. McMil
lan Dutton, first lieutenant of marines on
the Boston. The long, strained waiting
for authentic news gave way to rapturous
joy upon the receipt of a telegram from
young Dutton yesterday morning. The
dispatch was laconic, but told the story:
"Victorious; no casualties."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TRAVELING MAN.
Gives Some Valuable Hints Regard-
ing the Care of the Health
While Traveling.
I.lr. R. W. Wincherdon, a commer-
cial traveler from Birmingham, whose
j business keeps him almost constantly
'on the road, relates in the Sunday
! News the dangers to health resulting
! from constant change of residence and
j the way he overcame the usual injuri-
! ous effects.
He says: One thing people traveling
1 cannot very well avoid is the constant
change in water and food; the stomach
1 never has an opportunity to become
1 accustomed to anything and in a few
1 years or much sooner the average tray-
; cling man becomes a hopeless dyspeptic.
For several years I suffered more or
less from indigestion, sour stomachs,
headaches, distaste for food, often no
appetite, gas on the stomach and the
usual unpleasant effects of imperfect
digestion.
Nearly every traveling man has his
favorite remedy for different troubles
and I tried all of them with indifferent
results. Finally on the train between
Pittsburg and Philadelphia one day, I !
overheard a conversation between two
: ladies, one of whom had suffered se-
verely from indigestion and stated she
had been completely cured by a remedy
which she called Stuart's Dyspepsia !
' Tablets; I remembered the conversa- |
i tion because it directly interested me, j
■ and at the next town I inquired at the !
' first drug store ~nd bought a package I
i for 50 cents, and from that day to this j
I have never been without them. They j
i are pleasant tasC.ig tablets, not a se- |
j cret patent medicine, but composed of j
vegetable essences, pure pepsin, fruit \
'■ salts and Golden Seal; being in tablet^
form they never lose thei^ good quali- ;
\ ties like a liquid medicine- "would, but
are always fresh and ready for use.
I carry a box in my pocket continu-
ally, and whenever I see any symp-
toms of indigestion I take one, also one
after each meal, and for a year and a
half I have not lost a day by reason of |
poor health and can eat anything and i
relish what I eat; my digestion is ab- j
solutely perfect as far as I can judge
from my feelings, and although there |
may be other stomach r edicines just |
as good as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets I
I do not know what they are. Certainly ■
for people who travel they are far j
ahead of any liquid medicine, as they
are so convenient, they can be carried
in the pocket and used whenever
needed.
I believe they are sold by all drug- ■
gists at 50 cents, and believe any one
who will try them will agree with me.
that for indigestion and stomach
trouble Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are j
unequaled. i
WRITES FIVE
DIFFERENT
COLORS
On Any Typewriter, by c. '^
Using the WILLARD
Ink-Ograp!i Typewriter
. Attachment. TheFm**"?*^
Too 8 Necessary
The most wonderful Idea ever con-
ceived for the purpose. Black, Blue,
Green, Purple and Red can be written
without removing Ribbon or Pad. At-
tached instantly. Send for sample,, set
price " $1. Money refunded If unsatis-
la The r> IXK-OGRA.PH CO., 110 Montgom-
ery st. Agents wanted.
FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS OF ALASKA !
THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER
Will leave San Francisco . for St. Michael
May 16.
The Hunter is pronounced by marine sur-
veyors as among the safest and swiftest ves-
sels sailing out of San Francisco.
Low rates of Insurance.
For special rates, passenger ; and freight, to
St. Michael and Dawson City, apply to
H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
16 California street, San Francisco. ■
t visit DR. JORDAN'S a****
jglL Huseusn of Anatomy
I p|n|l :osi jusm ST. but. 6th i 7th, S. F. c«l
Hafi Tbe Largest of in kind in On World.
lr^Pt?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
CoDiultatton tm. Writ* for Book
%\1 Philosophy of Marriages
o U MAILED rttcr.
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE"
C& \j I LL. I —
IS THE PROPER DISTANCt
at WHUH A HORMAL EYE should clearly
DISTINGUISH LETTERS /sofAH iHCH LONG.
CALL ano HAVE yoiiß EYES TESTED
-& . FREE «f CHARGE:. ~\ A, ' -
642 MARKET ST.
OMDtR C-HR. O M'CLE BUILDING.
A PHOTOGRAPHIC TRIUMPH!
THE PASSING OF THE
SEVENTH REGIMENT
AVas , made yesterday, and It will be shown
In all " Its glory at the
. . CHUTES . .
By the ANIMATOSCOPE, THIS AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
Admission to ■ grounds, Zoo and \ Theater 10c.
Children. Sundays and Holidays, 10c. ;
Strieture^ss-
Stncture^kH*-
Dr. Cuter* GRAN-BOLVEXT Boagie* will ' dislodge, digest
»nd fore»er remove Urethra! BTBICTUBB la 15 dajs. Bougie*
dtssalre in time boars, oaring while yon sleep. ', Cans Qlost
mud RnlarfiMl Prostate. Valuable tmtlse free. .:
-61. JAMES ASS'S, Dept. X, IiUXD UlLb, O, ,
™°™"" M ""* W "" M "^ '■■■■■■■ ■■■Hi ii ii M^l TJTIh— mp— ii in .... . - -_ i
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
I from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. .New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling. Billiards. Croquet.
' Handball Shuftleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. 'i'-'i , ;■
Call or address
• BART*LETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
-w-« . An Ideal place for rest,
' /l/-4-.^« m recreation and health,
/rlli/l Naturally warm mineral
/"H-vLIILL water in swimming tank
-*■ -""••" «•• and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private rig meets
/"t • train at St. Helena.. Round i
fIP. ?7. Rates, $10, $12, $14
jprings a - ki:at ' ' n " >ji2 ' $M
* C "W. L. MITCHELL.
Manager, Lldell, Napa
S. F. Agent. County, C.->l.
F. Y. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Gal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths; cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R
ROBERTSON. Manager.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located in
the midst of the Coast Range. .
Abundance of mineral springs, hot. and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mail.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS, Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
ill IW Al\l^ PUTAH P. 0..
ill I W A rv a JJ Pt'TAH p. 0..
.II"-. II "-. fT /^* _ LAKE COUNTY
■ Accommodations unsurpassed. .
Rates. $8. $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY".
OfiOAT) LLWA And ff oo ** hand in
UUUU LIiVA ment go hand in
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.-
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wick, Slsklyou County, Cal.
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty of milk, cream,
fruit and home comforts; $7 to $9 per week;
children, j half price. For • particulars address
MRS. V. STUBENRAUUH. box 159. Napa, Cai.
HILLSIDE FVIIR7VY.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk;, magnificent location: grand scenery.
Bates, 'V*to ' $9 per wek : children.- half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL, Napa. Cal.
AT BELMONT, ; SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room ; and . salt water swimming ; baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN. '
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; ' all kinds of I skin
diseases cured* In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver. catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved ; rates $10 to $1S
per week. I Long-distance telephone. i Address
J. A. HATS, Proprietor, Lake County. .
: ' DUNCAN SPRINGS. .
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled : soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages: terms $10 to «12 ■per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor, Hopland, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
I new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
("table- and livery; boating and -bath irjp- fr<»<»:
$8 to $14 per, week; round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., • Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal. =
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— the pines ; 4000 feet
elevation; , nature's game preserve beautiful
ecer.ery; purest wr ; coldest water; good shoot-
j Ing: fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
I garden; unexcelled table; home comforts. L..
B. FRASIER, : Sanhedrin P. O.
SUMMER HOmEFfl Km.
Santa Cruz < Mountains, first-class family re- ■
Bort; cottages, - tents, hunting and : fishing; ! ar-
tificial • lake for boating ; and swimming; lons
distance ; telephone; campers" return tickets
$2 60. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal. _ . ; V. . .: -.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . . ■:£ NEW MANAGEMENT.
~ ;; Bait water bathing and boating.'; Fine drives ;
-:;•■. HOPKINS & CO., V Proprietors;
, :■■:•■,...■.-.: Larkspur. Marin County, Cai. ■ •
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
SAN FRANCISCO and
ofthe NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Pictursgqae Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pi-teh a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the hank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 300, well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one of our many
Mineral spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
gl.iil to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, ft'O Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
sume and California cts.
K. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FECpiCj
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and T.akf counties.
Bpedal camps with fr»e wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing, j
Easy access to city. I/ny rates. Supplies from !
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
Fur detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. {Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California eta.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming j^ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 und $15 per week; $2 and J2 50 per
day. It. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
ntJlftnn HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
NROllli 1 Only 4% hours from S. F. and
UltnUUv but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages:
round trip from S. F. only $3 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three 'years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
ROU/ARDENNfIN.
Situated in the Santa Cruz Mountains on San
Lorenzo River, 2 hours from S. F. . 40 minutes
from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit by
electric lights; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing and fishing; finest hall and dining-room in
Santa Curz Mts.; club, billiard and smoking-
rooms. Roman fireplaces. All rooms new,
hard finished and elegantly furnished through-
out. Telephone and telegraph service in office.
Round trip. $3. Address > THOMAS L. BELL,
Prop., South Ben Lomond, or see W. H. MEN-
TON. 613 Market St., San Francisco.
On Howell Mountain; elevation '1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40: temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving: $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANOWIN, Angwln, Napa County, Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKS COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures. when everything else failed, es-
pecially in casts of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY' and BIADDER affections. New hotel;:
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we"k:
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntinr on property." For particulars '.rite W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage lino.
Good trout - fishing, plenty fruit. ■ cream and
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery.. Address J.
LT'TTRIXOER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. ;
SUMMIT SODA
'-, "■■• SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail. " Telephone connections. . New ac-
commodations. ■ Open June 1. Address GOUL-
1 DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co., Cal. '
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
\: Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J.L. SPERRY, Manager.
JAMES v M. HUTCHINGS, Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street. :
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limato; pic-
turesque scenery; ' mountain walks; . pure
spring , water; beautiful drives: pine groves;
lawns and gardens. • The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture ' in .a " short time. " Address : St.
Helena Sanitarium,; St. Helena. Cal.
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma -Valley,' two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths.- Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water,' gas," electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. ; ■ ,- -:,-...,; -■■ ;■■,-. . -
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
' ■ Lokeport, Cal. :
Situated on ' the shore of Clear 5 Lake; fine
large grounds: special facilities for . families
and children; I home cooking; •= boating, bathing,
fishing; rates : reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
JOHANNISBERG.
1 Famous mountain health and pleasure resort
Elevation • 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics
Fishing, •"; boating, ■ hunting • : and L swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send . for : circular to
■;;-- JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
LOISGU/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
■:-;•; City ; references. Send for illustrated : pam- ;
phlet. Address ,G. M. SIIOUL.TS & 4 SON.
Napa, CdL _ ■-
.... — . ■ .- .-*—-. ■ ... j
A MAGIC_ ISLAND I !
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door !
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water i
carnival, etc. '
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT ,
lor campers.
Full information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST., ;
Los Angeles, Cal. ',
HIGHLAND
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
. HEALTH OR PLEASURE. j
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL.'
springs in America; all kinds of amuse- (
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl- '
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates .
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street. . ■
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal. t
BURLINGAME..
(San Mateo County.)
Redington Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
. _
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 1091
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postoffica :
In hotel: rates, $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup- \
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyvtlle, Lake County, Cal.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— miles from Uktah:
charmingly located; V* mile from the red-
woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cure ,
for rheumatism and skin diseases: round trip
$9 SO: terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0., Mendocino Co., Cal.
TOCALOMA ; Bertrand Hotel N. P. C. R. \
R. ; Marin County, Cal.; first-class . ccornmo-
dations at reasonable rates; good fishing;
beautiful drive to Pear Valley. JOSEPH F.
BERTRAND. proprietor; city efflce. 324 Kearny
St.. every Friday, from 2 to 5 p. m.
LOW fares to Deer Park Inn! — The most sat- I
isfactory resort and finest trouting region in
the- Sierra Nevada mountains; b5OO feet ele-
vation. Information and booklet at room 1, ;
Flood building. San Francisco. ?
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz: plenty of fruit on
the ranch; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. Address "W.
CRANDELL, Santa Cruz.
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Men-]
docino counties to save money. j
WRITE SMITH & HILL, Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men- j
docino counties to save money.
IDLEWILD VILLA, Larkspur. Cal.; near salt
water baths: fine view; good accommodations.
MRS. E. KAN I-:. Proprietor.
000000000000000000
%™.? PALACE "•'■°S 1
° GRA ND BQTBkS. % i
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
** r<-nnp?tfd by » covered, HMUMIK _ j
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attachad. ~ !
© an UjfDKR Oxe MAVAOBIUW& O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O \
ft European Plan. *l. OO per day ana upward q '
*^ American Plan.*3. OO per day and upward. j~
O Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIREFATKICK, Manager. O j
oooooooooooooooooo '
THE
WEEKLY
GfILL
/©/It Publishes the Cream of th»
Z) News of the Week and
o( MANY ' ATTRACTIVE AND ■
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< - PAPER ON THE
1) PACIFIC COAST
3 \ /
) The Best \ / Mining
Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
c* The Coast / \&uptodaU
©( Not a Line of it Sensational
w or Faky, and Not a Line of
*J it Dry or Uninteresting.
a/ Bright, Clean, A Champion of . .
TTjV" Thoughtful. Truth.
W A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER -
2 ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
T) HOME MAIL. SI.M
©i INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAS,
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
;-sion street; open until 9 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
BtrW is: open until S o'clock.
CHIKCH NOTICES.
FIRST "church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter rt., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— At 11 a. m., Christian Science
Bible lessons; subject, "Parable of the Mar-
riage Fvast." Sunday-school for children at
the sair.e hour. "Science and Health" study
Thursday, at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.. Rev. John Homphill, D. D.,
r Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Professor W. H. Landon, D. D., will preach
::-.g and evening. Topic, morning, "The
I.n^t Command.'' Topic, evening, "Mary of
Bethany." Music, morning. "Te Deurr." (in
A:, Schnecker; offertory, "I am Far From
H"ine, p Pfeffer Korn; tenor solo, Willis E.
Baoheller. Music, evening. "Cantate Domi-
no" (in A), A. J. Holden; offertory. "O, for
the Wings of a Dove," Knight; soprano solo
and quartet. All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post sL,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-echool at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton. pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject,
"Fruits of Righteousness." Evening subject,
"The Leaven of Evil." The public are cor-
dially invited.
SECOND Unitarian Church, Twentieth and
Capp sts., A. J. Wells, pastor— Mr. Wells
will preach at 11 a. m. on "The Transient
and Permanent Elements in the Church."
At 7:45 p. m. Mayor Phelan will spe.ik <>n
"Municipal Affairs and the Charter." Come
and hear In the Interest of better city gov-
ernment. Seats are free. Sunday-school at
9:45 a. m. Pastors residence, 924 Valencia St.
THE Strangers' Sabbath Home (643 Howard St.,
between Second and Third). Howard Metho-
dist Episcopal Church. J.>hn A B. Wilson.
IV P.. pastor (Tel. Black 9f.l)— Morning sub-
ject "The Agencies of One warfare [Chris-
tian)." Evening subject, "The Transcendant
Work of Jesus; or. Jesus and the Working-
man." Preceded by song service. Congre-
gational Pinging and special music. Free
se^td. All always welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor— Subject of discourse, "Who and
■\Yl.at Succeeds?" Services 11 a. m.. Yosemlte
Hall, N. S. G. W. building, Mason St., be-
tween Post and Geary. Take elevator. You
are cordially invited to attend.
MRS. FAITH RICHMOND, at St. John's Pres-
byterlan Church, this (Sunday) 3 p. m., sub-
• H-i.OiW." Tuesday. 3 p. m.. at
First Bai'tist church, subject, "Let Us Bufid
Three Tabernacles." Thursday, 3 p. m., at
Howard-at Methodist Episcopal Church, sub-
ject •■", How I Love Thy Law."
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ of
Day Saints. 320 Post st.— Preaching 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. All welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
Mass-meeting this (Sunday) afternoon
at 3 o'clock; address by Miss Jessie Acker-
man, the "Round-the-World" missionary.
Hr r\xes open to both men and women and
ail are welcome.
THE leal Society of "Universal
Brotherhood," M 9 Market st.— "White Lotus
Day" anniversary in commemoration of H.
P Blavataky will take place of the regular
lecture to-night. All invited. Subject Tues-
day nluht, "The Desires and Passions. The
International Brotherhood League meets every
nieht. One of Its objects is "To
help men an.l women to realize the nobility
of their calling and their true position In
life." .
THEOSOPHICAL Society— The anniversary of
the death of Hue. H. P. Blavatsky will be
fittingly observed to-night at 8 o'clock in
Fraternal Hall, Odd Fellows' Building.
Special rrogramme for this occasion, partici-
pated Iti by the l,otus Circle and members of
 S.-ats free. Everybody welcome.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
TO-NIGHT— Dr. M. Muchlenbruch reads ar-
ticle? gives messages, answers questions; lec-
turf- Charles J. Anderson, the boy orator,
age 17, the man-el of this age; 909 Market st.
Doctor h>ids circles, Tue. eve at his parlors,
Brunswick Hotel, Oakland.
6OCIETX ; Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, -corner Larkln and McAllister
Bts.— Sunday, May 8. song service 7:30 p. m.
iker, Mrs. R. tf. Lillle; subject, "The
. of Life, Here and Now." Admis-
sion I'ic.
FHEETHOUGHT— George Sawklns. B. A., 909
Market -t.. s t.i-night; "Bond-Bursting In-
das," also latest war news of the fieht be-
tween the Presbyterian ministry and the Holy
st.
TFST developing circle, 2 p. m. ( 8 p. m. ; test
meeting, 10c; 535 McAllister. R. A. Stltt,
Nita, Meakin, Hargrave, Eberhardt, Evens,
Butler, others.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall,
Witshineton St.: Mrs. Lillie will lecture at
11 a. m.; music by Mr. Lillie; no other meet-
Ing.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market St.;
Mrs. Sealey, Dr. Carpenter, others; 11, free;
2. S p. CO., 10c. Doctor, &35 Market st.
LAKKIK, 111— To-nlpht, Katie Heussmann's
;::f'-ting, 10c; circles Friday evenings; Bit-
tings. $1. 115 Franklin st.
BriRITI'AL meeting this evening. Foresters'
Hall, 20 Eddy t=t., 10c; Mrs. GlUlngham, Dun-
ham.
537 Market; to-nlcht; test meeting; Mrs. Wrenn,
others; questions answered; admission free.
MEDIUMS' Protective Ass' n— Election of offi-
cers Sunday, May 15, at 320 McAllister; 2 p.m.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealising, materializing
seance, is p. in.; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. ITOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlghi McAllister st.; fine music.
JfiflN' SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
8, hall 908 Market St.; admission, 10c.
AT 1133 Mission st., Mrs. Favre; spiritual test
meeting to-night; free; no collection.
MRS. KLSIE REYNOLDS* materializing cir-
cle Sunday evening; 50c. 421 Ellis st.
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY 122%"bak "st. ; read-
Ings daily; circles Saturday evenings.
lilts. SEAL, slritual medium; readings
'lail>-. 1116 .Broad way, Oakland.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— m
Officers and members are hereby no- _^V_
tilled to attend the funeral of our de-'jKzf
ceased brother, WILLIAM H. /V>
WORTH (late a member of Petaluma Lodge
No. 77, Petaluma, Cal.), TO-DAY (Sunday),
from the hall of this lodge, at 1:30 p. m. By
order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.—
Members are requested to meet at SJ&**4G3C-
lodge room SUNDAY, at 1
sharp, to attend the funeral ■of '-'"i^
our late brother and secretary, WILLIAM
THACKERAY. JAMES TORRY, N. G.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering . •*£/ >.
and games of the Caledonian Club CjV, Eavj2
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, tWSLE*
SATURDAY, May 28. »*-»*r
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Sec.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society will N-- *.
hold twenty-eighth annual picnic at B?]jgJF^
Gf-rmania Gardens, Presidio, on wS&SS
SUNDAY, May 2;*, IS9B. ?^6
COMMITTEE. ***^
BKPSKO JEDIN- h» "•
nevolent Society »k. UklVn jjff
will hold, their *-45""§K /tag
Fecor.d annual \|P^ ♦fee \££^/df£!&
picnic and bar- ES^ t^iKL ~ &3^L
hfcue In Sausa- '^SAL'Tj'l^W 2i«#
llto, at Wild- . > ! s I zSS»-
wood Glen Park, '■' '«SB|'v/«fri> &&
on Sunday, May lifaj*!- -^^-Bff
Ftnrt to march { , Bis? i^yi r, |X
from the Pyth- I «5K?"'-v!a *^Bi*2 '
ian Castle Hall, fj^^w*wM!>
■at 9 a. m. We Invite all Servian people and
friends to attend to help celebrate the first
day of raising completely flag which covered
at 1343 all the 'Servian people and territories
under the Servian Czar Duschan Silnl.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hy-
. draulic process from George C. Rose,
In the Blue Rock • mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to deposit tail-
Ings behind the dam of the Gold Bug
mine in Canyon Creek; from A. B. Dries-
bach and J. F. • Dudley, In the Drlesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings ir> Shady
Creek; from William E. ■ Moore and John Is-
bister. in the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and
John Romano. In the Imperial mine near
Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tail-
ings in old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on May 16,
I£9B. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May. ISDR. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. TrsAisfer books will close
on FRIDAY, April 2S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
B- H. SHELDON, Secretary-
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
WE wish the public to understand that Gen-
eral Spurgeon Duggan was in no way con-
nected with God's Regular Army. We now
expect Commander William Purdy in the near
futui« to hold special meetings. MAJOR T.
W. WARD. : • ■- -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2808 24th.
MISS LESSER and assistant, genuine vapor
baths and treatments. 124 Sixth St.. r. 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. .
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vi Geary St.. room 11.
MISS E. LOESEL, card reader; 229 Kearny;
rooms 10 and 11.
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St..
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell st.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865 ■£ Market st., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15^4 Turk and IUS Market, rms. 15-16.
i FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 Grant aye., room 17. •_
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., nn. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
HOTEL MEN TAKE. NOTICE
We have now . awaiting situations 3 house-
keepers, 25 flrst-elass waitresses. 20 first-class
chambermaids, 2 hotel laundresses, plain
work, and 7 fancy Ironers, and can supply
you at short notice. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.; telephone Grant 185.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and second girl,
2 family cooks, best references, family laun-
dress and a number of first-class German,
American and Swedish house girls await
situations. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
st. Tel. Grant 185.
BY young lady of refinement, position as gov-
erness or companion; no objections to coun-
try; references. Box 2231, Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker wants few more en-
gagements In families by day or month; terms
moderate; tailor skirts $2 up. A. E. DWYER.
606 .Ellis st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as bookkeeper or
office assistant. Address J. F., 1525 Pine St.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to take care of
a child; also to assist in light housework.
746 Howard St.
WANTED— Work ' by the day; first-class laun-
dress or cleaning; reference. MME. JAC-
QUOT. 342 San Carlos aye.. between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first sts.
PROTESTANT American woman wishes posi-
tion to do general housework or cooking; city
or country. Address box 2265. Call office.
LADY of culture, executive ability, competent
I ■ to teach, keep books or house, wishes suitable
position; school, family, hotel or business;
I speaks 4 languages. Box 2260, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as a
correspondent, saleslady or office work; ref-
erence. Address F. L.. 732 A Grove st.
COMPETENT young lady wants situation as
cashier or saleslady In store; has good city
references. Box 2406. Call office.
REFINED young -woman wants employment;
! can furnish excellent references; small sal-
ary- Box 2357, Call office.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion or nursery governess; speaks Spanish,
English and little French: will do mending
and plain sewing", would instruct beginners
on piano: willing to make herself generally
useful; best references given and required.
Box 2271, Call office. '.J;'- '
COMPETENT . Swedish widow, with girl of 6.
as cook or housekeeper; small family; city or
country. 504 Third st.
POSITION desired by a competent woman
Just arrived from the East; is a good cook
and housekeeper; no objection to country.
Call for 1 week at 330 Minna st., downstairs.
CULTURED girl desires re-engagement as
companion, nursery governess; will attend
Invalid; good reader; ref. Box 2224, Call.
YOUNG German girl would like to do house-
work by the day. Box 2401, Call office.
YOUNG woman with girl 2. wishes light house-
work; city or country. MRS. M., 26% Na-
toma st.
LADY wishes situation to care for children or
help with housework: good home more than
salary; teaches French, German, English,
music. Address box 2220, .Call office.
WANTED— Situation by an American In ex-
change for room and board; first-class seam-
stress or second girl. Address box 2221, Call.
LADY of refinement and culture, position as
maid, companion or housekeeper. 906 Market
St., room 33.
CHILDREN'S sewing neatly done; work called
for: prices reasonable. Address MISS MOR-
GAN. 1416 Broadway.
WANTED— By a young lady a position at
light housework, or to take -narge of a child;
country preferred. Address box 2281, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of children.
Call 824 Shotwell st.
GERMAN woman wishes chamberwork, house-
keeping, any kind of work. MRS. DAWRTC,
220 Montgomery aye.
DRESSMAKER from the East makes tailor
, suits; first-class fitter; goes out by the day.
! Call at 469 Hayes st.
GERMAN cook wishes situation to do down-
stairs work and cooking. 318 Jessie, nr. 4th.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework: understands all kinds of
cooking. Apply 231 Third St., top floor; don't
ring bell.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
cook or workin«* housekeeper where she can
have a child with her. Box 2237, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wants a day's
sewing and" mending: is permanent; useful In
many ways; terms low. 3020 Alabama st.,
cor. Twenty-sixth. . .
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes Ironing,
cooking or housecleaning by the day; best
references. MRS. M. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-
sixth st., near Mlsison.
YOUNG girl with experience wants position as
cashier In restaurant or attend bakery. 1022
Larkin St. "
GOVERN Experienced English branches,
music and painting; best references; visiting
or resident; no 'Objection to country. A B
Call branch, 621 McAllister st.
WIDOW wants position .as housekeeper. Ap-
ply 37 Lafayette St.. off Mission, between
Eleventh and Twelfth; rear.
WOMAN to do washing and ironing by the
day; $1 per day. 244 linden aye.
WANTED— a young Danish girl with good
address, a position to do light upstairs work.
H. MILLER, 319 Powell st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Add. 1067 Mission: call after 7 p. m.
WIDOW of refinement and education, with
highest references, desires position as nurse
and companion to lady or gentleman (In-
valid): $15 per month. Address MRS. O. M.
W...1418 Hyde St.
WOULD like a position as housekeeper or over-
seer; am a woman of Intelligence and refine-
ment: practical in every way; would go out
of city. • Address box 1491, Call office.
YOUNG German girl would like place to assist
In light housework. Address 1374 Eddy st.,
between Buchanan and Webster.
GERMAN girl wants place in a ranch or plain
family. 613 Turk st.
WANTED— By respectable German woman, to
assist in light housework and sewing or take
care of a sick person. Box 2251, Call office.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper, or to take
care of an Invalid, or to nurse a lady in con-
finement; best of references. Call between 9
and 4, 1028 Market St., room 3.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladles' and
children's clothes will accept engagements
in families; terms j reasonable; references.
Apply 1213 Scott St. . •
WOULD like a position as " Housekeeper or
companion In a refined family; am reliable;
can give ref. Address box 2402, Call office.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son Ft.
STRONG German girl wishes situation, gen-
eral housework: wages $20. 23 Eureka St.,
bet. Seventeenth ar. 1 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
YOUNG Eastern lady of character and educa-
tion would supervise refined home; give chll-
• dren mother's care: year abroad: would
travel; highest references. 3153. Call office.
REFINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated: is agreeable and
; companionable: knows how to make invalid
comfortable. Address box 1467, Call c'Sce.
RELIABLE woman would like washing and
ironing at home. MRS. ALICE SCHOOLEY.
137 Julian aye.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call or address 8198 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. : 322 ThiPd it.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. .
Subscriptions and ads taken. ' • ■ .
THE SA3t FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
CHINESE and Japanese employn\<=nt office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
MAN and wife want situation on ranch, man
to do farm work, wife to do cooking and
housework. Box 2229, Call office.
YOUNG German accustomed to work in ba-
kery; wages $12 a month. Box 2230. Call.
WANTED— Situation by sobir young man; any
kind of honorable employment; understands
handling horses. Please address box 2272,
Call office.
SITUATION by young man 30 years old In any
capacity; city or country; good bookkeeper
and typewriter; reference from present em-
ployer. Address box 2261, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman, bookkeeper or general
office man, with highest city references as to
ability or otherwise; past 10 years with same
firm (wholesale). Address box 2267, Call office.
YOUNG man desires general office work; sten-
ographer, typewriter; German; well recom-
mended; salary not so much an object as a
good position. Box 2264, Call office.
COACHMAN, first class, would like situation;
thoroughly experienced in all its branches;
unmarried; best California and Eastern ref-
erences; strictly temperate; can drive four-
in-hand. Box 2270. Call office.
AN experienced bookkeeper desires employ-
ment; highest references. Address box 2266,
Call office.
PRACTICAL office man desires position; would
Invest small capital; ref. H., Ml Market st.
PAPERHANGER with tools, painter, tlnter,
etc., wants situation; best references; city
or country. ANTOINE, 335 Fourth St.
GARDENER, single man. wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1570, Call office.
BHIRTMAKER. custom cutter of experience,
wants position. Box 2222, Call office.
JANITOR or Watchman — A man with good
recommendp.tion wishes steady employment.
Address Janitor, box 2244, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS man. aged 27. would like to be
employed as watchman, or to do any other In-
door work. Box 2240, Call office.
AN Al grocery clerk wishes position; city or
country; best of references. Box 2249, Call.
STEADY young man wishes position as bar-
tender; good references. Box 2296, CaJl office.
WANTED — Work by a single man; painter by
trade: wages moderate; country preferred. J.
D., box 8, CaJl office, Oakland.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper or collector;
best of references given. Address 1892 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG man wishes a position as painter;
housework. Apply JACK DOLAN. D 65 Twen-
ty-fourth st., Oakland, Cal.
GERMAN for years foreman in vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O'Far-
rell st.
\\ ANTED — By a trustworthy young man,
work with a private family; can do all kinds
of farm work; wages no object; city or coun-
try. Box 2252. Call office.
MAN and wife for country hotel, man as first-
class cook and wife as helper; best city
references. Address box 7220, Call office.
$30 TO any one securing a position for an ex-
perienced cake baker; summer resort pre-
ferred. Address box 237\ call office.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes any kind of
Steady work at moderate wages. Address box
2254, Call office.
EXPERIENCED gToceryman wishes situation;
can furnish best of references from the lead-
Ing wholesale house. Address box 23»2. Call.
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
by the day. hour or contract. Address FRED
KODA, 409 Vi O'Farrell st.
CAPABLE marine engineer wishes position at
running engine or steam power; 14 years' ex-
perience. .vi.iress box 225r>. trail office.
JA.UTOR— Watchman— Porter In wholesale j
house; two experienced men want positions; ■
first-class city references: also from present ;
; employers. Address L.. 539 A Seventh st.
j AN ENGLISH boy who Is an experienced cook :
and laundryman wishes a situation; 3 years
in last place. H. F., box 121, Call.
WANTED by an elderly man a place to do
chores. Is of good habits and handy with
carpenter's tools. Room 20, 906 Washington
St., Oakland, Cal.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WANTED by middle-ajred German, work in
private family or hotel; can do all kinds of
work: care for garden, horses, cows, chlck-
rns;; good driver; willing and obliging: coun-
try; $20 to J25. . ress box 5555, Call.
ENGLISH-AMERICAN wants work of any
kind; is handy all-around man of 33 years, or
as night watchman; can do private detective ]
work; reasonable wages; Al references. Ad-
dress box 2154, Call Office.
$100 — Al bookkeeper will give abov» amount to
party securing him permanent position: best
references; no investments. Address box
3224. Call Office.
; EXPERT accountant desires position; very ,
best references: moderate salary. Address
box 3389. Call Office. J
SITUATION as stationary engineer, fireman, i
oiler or wiper; of 8 years' experience; best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK, 1110 Denison st..
East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
1456, Call office.
: GERMAN mechanic, very handy with any kind
of tools, wants any situation on moderate
wages. Box 1480. Call office.
WANTED— Position as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred: best of references.
Box 1540, Call office.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work: wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
WINCHESTER Hous». 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $t
week; convenient _nd respectable; fre« 'buj
and raggage to and from fer y. J
' CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
1 States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
WOMAN cook, small restaurant, $25 and found:
| woman cook, restaurant. $10 week; cook,
small place, $7; 6 waitresses, country hotel,
$20: 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, 15 and $fi: chambermaid to wait. $20;
lunch and dinner waitress, $3. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 ueary St.
Laundry work.
Forewoman and marker for hotel laundry.
$10; 2 ironers (shirts, cuffs and collars), Van-
couver, B. C, $30 and found and free fare; 4
fancy Ironers for steam laundry, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $2"; 2 family cooks, $25; gen-
eral housework, no cooking, country, $20; 10
hour* girls, $20 to $25: 25 house girls, city and
country, $15 to $20; companion to invalid, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, plain coun-
try hotel. $15; girl to do some cooking and
help in kitchen, resort near city, $15. house-
work Birls. country places. MUIJIAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay Pt.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladles; strictly confidential 'n Its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks, !
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses, all com-
mercial positions; Investigate; ladies looking
for select positions should call. 313 Bush st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 5 waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30; seamstress; pantry
girls: kitchen k»"wr; chambermaids; 20
houseglrls. 1023 Market st^
STENOGRAPHER; 3 milliners: dressmaker;
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market Bt.
GENERAL servant, family 3, no washing, $20;
qaick. At 1023 Market st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1103
Steiner st., near Ellis.^
WANTED— Finishers and operators on coats.
222-224 Bush st., third floor.
MAKE $6 day selling Perfection Burner; con-
sumes kerosene. Pac. Supply Co., Flood bldg.
AGENTS doing well selling Monarch Vapor
Bath Cabinets; retail $5; for 'neumatlsm,
malaria. Pac. Supply Co., Flood building.
WANTED— Experienced hairdressers and ap-
prentices. Apply to GOLDSTEIN & COHN,
JO Market st.
EDUCATED young lady taught shorthand and
office work in exchange for assistance; pros-
pective engagement later. Box 2227, Call.
7 SHORTHAND writers secured positions
through Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
WANTED— First-class flagmaker. Call Sun-
day at 3708 Seventeenth St.
WANTED — First-class Swedish or German
laundress; city references required. Apply
between 9 and 12 o'clock at 621 Leaven worth.
YOUNG girl to assist; $10; references. Call for
3 days between 3 and 6 at 647 Pine st.
COPYIST; must write neatly; state age and
wages. Copy, box 2250, Call office.
LADIES to make bandages at home for large
surgical house; earn $10 weekly; Inclose ad-
dressed fits-mped envelope for reply. MAR-
SHALL CO.. 506 Fulton St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
LADIES earn $8 weekly doing needlework at
home" no canvassing; inclose self -addressed
stamped envelope for reply. STANDARD
NoVELTY CO., 101 Beekman St., New York.
REFINED educated musical young lndy as
companion to elderly lady. 313 Bush st.
RELIABLE girl to do general housework and
cooking. Apply 2524 Pine St., bet. 9-11 a. m.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
HOTEL managing housekeeper capable and
experienced: office directress, Stockton, rei
erences. 313 Bush st. . " '
LADY canvasser for city and country: can
make from $3 to J5 a day. Call room U.,11U4
Market st. ■
WANTED— Nurse to take care of 1 child; must
understand sewing; one that speaks German
preferred.- Call Monday 1392 Geary st.
WANTED-Neat young girl, assist hou se work
and baby; Protestant Preferred. Call. M°n-
day morning bet. 10 and 12. 4118 Van Ness.
50 HANDS, operators, finisher^ b a a f t . e p ™' st SlrlS
_ thatsew. Monday morning, 223_Sutter_st. __
OPERATORsTadIes 7 " muslin underwear chil-
dren's caps and dresses; steady employment.
547 Market st. - ______
RELIABLE business woman, teacher .nurse.
over 25 years, for office, San Fran Cisco, Sac-
ramento, Stockton. Oakland and ten other
cities; also 4 to travel In country. 684 Parrott
building. '
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and ventilator;
girls to learn. Apply MME. DELLA FAUST.
240 Stockton St.. near Post.
WANTED-A girl for general housework and
cooking, family of 3; wages $15. 1603 Gougn.
COME, coma, come: be your own dressmaker
and milliner and learn dressmaking^ and mil-
linery at the largest and best school; Mc-
Dowell system of dres?cutting received diplo-
mas and gold medals in Europe and America.
We thoroughly teach every part of dress-
making and millinery: easy payments; pat-
terns cut, 25c up; hats trimmed free: all are
Invited. McDowell Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School. 103 Post st. ■
GOOD home and some remuneration offered a
respectable woman in small family: general
housework. Address box H. H., Call office.
Oakland. .
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, German Em-
ployment Office. 417 Powell st.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work: small wash. Call bat. 9 and 12 a. m..
1223 Geary st. ,>;S^ -
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and apprentice for
hair work. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. 2730
Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
lng. Call forenoon. 1628 Sutter st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1073 Market
ft..; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free; patterns 250. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Po«t.
HELP WAN TED— MALE.
WANTED— For hotel and restaurant depart-
ment, chief cook, plain hotel, city, $60: short
order cook. $30: cook, small hotel, Nevada,
$35, and other cooks at $60. $40 and $30; wait-
era, $25 and $20; young man to wait table,
plain place, $15; dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— a new camp near city, 10 la-
borers and teamsters. $1 75 per day; 5 la-
borers, city work. $1 60 per day; Scandina-
vian teamster, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
FOR Sonoma County, woodchoppers. $1 25 cord:
for San Mateo County, woodchoppers, $1 50
cord. MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay at.
MAN to purify champagne, etc., for a large
wine company, see party here. MURRAY 6c
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER for an institution, $1 50 day and
found; watchman, handy with carpenter's
tools, $1 50 day; farm hands, milkers and
chore boys; ranch cook, Tolo County; farmer
and wife": vegetable gardener, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GROCERY clerk. California references and ex-
perience. $40: dry goods clerk. $10; grocery
clerk, city, $25 to $30. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
GERMAN pastry cook and confectioner, $70
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HEAD laundryman, country hotel, $65. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
EXPERIENCED hotel bookkeeper, $75. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. MM Geary st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $100;
third cook, hotel, $45; cook, country hotel, $40;
colored porter, country hotel, $20. fare ad-
vanced; Japanese for housework, $25; 3 dish-
washers, different country hotels. $20; wheel-
wright for a large ranch. $35 and found ; fore-
man for a hay ranch, $30 and found; milker.
$25: S woodchoppers for 4-foot oak wood, $1 ■>•)
a cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
Buttermaker who can run sepa-
rator, no milking. $30 per month and found;
4 milkers, $25 and $20; strong boy for fac-
tory. $3 per week to start: young man about
private place in. city, $10 per month and
found: *ni<l,iie-aKod clerk for grocery store
in city, $2:. to $35 per, month; middle-aged
cobbler for institution, near city, $15 per
month, board, : room and wash; farmers, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED, 10 ft; m.. to-day, second cook, $30;
dfllhwaaher, $15; same country hotel; assist-
ant cook, 520; dishwasher, $6 a week; waiter,
$25; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
MAN and wife, position of trust. JSO; charge
of light,, profitable business. 313 Bush St.
TRAVELING cutlery salesman. Pacific Coast
trade; grocery traveler. $100. 313 Bush st.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young busi-
ness man as partner. 313 Bush st.
GENERAL store clerk: dress goods and domes-
tic salesman; office assistant. 313 Bush st.
OFFICE assistant; man and wife, country ho-
tel, experienced. 1023 Market st.
JANITOR, new building, nearly ready: first-
class references as to responsibility and so-
briety required. 313 Bush st.
CARPENTER for hotel: storeroom clerk: gro-
cery clprk; hotel bartender. Call 313 Bush st.
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch; butter
maker; 2 stout porters. 1023 Market at.
CLOTHING salesman; card writer: 3 waiters,
$40. 1023 Market st.
WORK at home furnished people of either sex
at good wages. For full information address
LABADIE ART CO., .Kalamazoo, Mich.
WANTED— Few first-class . salesmen to sell
staple line to best retail merchants; positions
permanent; $50 per week «n<! expenses. EAST-
ERN MFG. CO.. Manhattan bldg, Chicago.
WANTED— A baker for Alaska. Apply 26
Steuart st. •
WANTED— MaIe operators and pressers on
coats. Apply 222-224 Bush st., third floor.
WANTED— A strong man to act as day nurse
for insane: must have references. ■ Address
box 2226, Call office.
BOY, IS to 20, to work In wholesale house.
' Address box 2223, Call office.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and Jobbing
gardening; wages $15 per month. Call 600
Haight st. •
GRILL maker wanted. 232 Ellis st.
WANTED— SO hands, operators, tailors, press-
men. Call Monday morning. 223 Sutter st.
BOY, between 12 and 16 years. Apply 1817 Polk
st., early Monday morning. ■
WANTED— boy, with experience in car-
riage blacksmithlng; reference. 82H Harrison.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 10t 7th; tel. South 628.,
WANTED— Young man 18 to 22 as clerk In gro-
cery and bar; must have some experience.
Box 2381. Call office.
PAPER-CUTTER to cut for paper boxes.
Union Paper Box Factory, 42 Market st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms: 2
nights 25c. or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart et.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange: no Sunday work.
DECK ELM AN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; ; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are - citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become mieh; must
be of good character and habits and able to
'speak, read and write Enflish. and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
LADIES" shoe's, soling. 35c;. men's shoes, sol-
Ing, 50c: all repairing done at half the usual
price.- "Mission St., bet. First and Second.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third - st.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c ft night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. -S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 1 10c, 15c _nd 2oc per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms ' 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To i collect wages due laborers ! and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 ' Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957. Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. --. -. 
600 PAIR of men's new and ' second-hand shoes
half ; price; half-soling, 35c. | 959 Howard St.
WANTED-A . good solicitor. Address 1303 .
* Park st., Alameda,' CaL . '
HELP WANTED— Contlniied.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
■ F. Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
£.27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. _________
AGENTS WANTED.
GENERAL and canvassing agents for the $3 50
Royal Automatic Check Protector; inks the
perforations: every machine guaranteed for ■ a
years; sample mnchlne $2 25. ROUSS MANU-
FACTURING CO., patentees and manufac-
turers, 621 Broadway. New York.
AGENTS— Bicycle outfit free: no capital need-
ed; big money In showing our wheel ; highest-
grade guaranteed bicycle $23 50; none better
anywhere; shipped on ■■ a va L direct from
our factory. Alpine Cycle Co.. Cincinnati. O.
AGENTS wanted—Patented perforated frying-
pan cover; sells at sight: no talking: no more
■ greasy stoves; no unsavory frying. KITCHEN
SPECIALTY CO.. Reading. Pa.
LADIES to sell my complexion specialties.
MRS. BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market st.
AGENTS wanted In every town for Ladles'
Crown Hat Fastener: something new; no
competition; sample 2r.c. The Crown Mfg.
| Co., The Hewes building, 997 Market St.. S. F.
1 WANTED— Second-hand set engineer's tools
and chest; cheap. Address B. R., box 1518.
Call office.
FURNITURE. WANTED.
WANTED— Carpets of an 8 or 10 room house;
central. J. T. TERRY. 421 California st.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED at onee — 10-room unfurnished house
In the Mission district; principals only. 403
Examiner building.
AN unfurnished house In Western Addition,
with modern conveniences, wanted by a res-
ponslble party. 403 Examiner building.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FURNISHED rooms wanted; en suite: married
couple; Al business ref. ex. 1023 Market st.
THREE j'oung business men desire rooms and
breakfast; excellent references. 1023 Market.
BOARD wanted In refined family for little
girl; references. Box 2248. Call. _
YOUNG lady learning millinery would help In
nice family morning and evening in exchange
for room and board. Box 2385. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED to buy or rent a silver plating
plant: also good plates. Address G. S.
MONTGOMERY, 218 McAllister St.
WANTED— of diamond earrings; must be
perfect and a bargain; state, size and price.
Address box ??30. Call.
WANTED— National cash register; cheap for
cash. Box 2262. Call office. '"
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add CPT.EM'V 11 Thirl
CLAIRVOYANTS.
i KNOWLEDGE OF THE FUTURE
Is P^wer
For the Present.
Tour Future Foretold
By the Queen of Prophets,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in This City.
Honest. Fearless and • Capable.
; She fully realizes the responsible position in
which her remarkable gift places her and will
exert herself to the utmost to please and bene-
■-■ V- -'-- v-~v -~
fit her patrons.
If you are In doubt that she can and will per-
form all she claims feel yourself Invited to call
I and she will give you more substantial proof of
her marvelous power t^an you have ever before
received from mortal. Do not fall to see her if
you are interested In the affairs of life; If mar-
riage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
! vorces, separations, lawsuits, business trans-
actions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or
stolen property, hidden treasures, lost or ab-
sent friends interest you; if you care to know
I what you should do to be successful, where you
should go and whom to avoid, when to buy
; and pell rt<ic*c«, etc. — In a word, whatever may
: be your trouble, suspicions or designs, call on
i this sifted woman find she will send you away '
happier, wiser and bolder than ever before; she '■
advises you with a certali • by a Titgher than :
human power as to the proper course to pur-
• sue in lite; her descriptions of your friends and i
: enemies are as real as though they stood be-
fore you; call and test the madame to your I
heart's content and you will depart thoroughly
! satisfied that there Is at least one reliable mcd-
! ium now in your midst. Hfeurs — 10 a, m. to 5
; p. m. strict.
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for illustrated pamphlet,
j with special terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
! 1206 Market St., parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
, MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
: clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
: will reveal every hidden . rr-stery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies, |
remove family ' -oubles, restore lost affec-
tion*: unites ' the.. spnarat<>. recovers lost,
stolen or burled perty: locates treasure*.
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours ;
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms .
25 and 26. 1206 Mar et st., opposite Sixth. ,
MME. ANGUS, clairvoyant' and reader and
palmistry: ladies and gents, 25c; truth or no
pay. 324% Seventh st.
MRS. A. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card-
reader; Hindoo influence.' 579 Geary st.
CONSULT a gifted clairvoyant. 41 Minna st.,
basement.
TOUR future told by cards, also psychometry,
25c. 424 Tehama Ft., near Fifth.
ARRIVED— Prof. Bishcp. walking medium,
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27 1 *- 4th.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions; L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. LENEMAR — Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 2314 Sixth, rm. 8.
MME. MOREAU. best medium ' and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. SYBTLLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never fails: advice: help. 92!» Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want
nds and subscriptions taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT. prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed in your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choloe of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test " and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St., room J.-
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. : Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNET. trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 218.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing oh
dlum. 11* Halght at. -.■-■■-
HYPNOTISM
MRS. DR. TURMAN. returned. 247~Larkin i St.
I S. F. College Suggestive Therapeutics. ■
LOST.
STRAYED from Ashby aye., Berkeley, about
March 7, dark Angora ' cat, answering to
name of Tutsie: brown diamond-shaped spot
between shoulders. Finder receive liberal re-
ward returning same to Angora Cattery 557
Ellis St., San Francisco.
LOST— pass book with the Flbenila Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. . <i the
name of CATHERINE FARRELL, No. 215 163
t The finder will ■ please return to bank.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel answers to name
of Frisco. Return to Russ House; suitable
reward. *.■'.''
LOST, May 5, 1898— 1 yellow opal drop ear-
ring. Address 2000 McAllister st. ; reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San • Francisco, In the
name of JOHN . CALLAGH AN. - No. 162 550
Finder will please return to bank. - .
TYPEWRITERS. ~~~
TO - exchange— 12-gauge i La~Fevre hamiiner^
less shotgun ■ for . a No. s 2 Smith Premie- ,cr
Hartford , typewriter. Address box 2358, Call.
ALL typewriters sold and ■' ranted; ; few I partly
used for - sale ; cheap; , send '■ for - samples I and
prices. ALEXANDER S: CO.. 110 Montgomery
\ '■.-■; PHYSICIANS. i.l. •;■'•■
DR. C. C. O'DO. NELL, ottce and residence.
12M Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
WANTED^Address of lady nee ARABELLA
C. BUSCH. ■ Address RUSSEL. box 2263. Call.
LEARN to hypnotize; greatest wonder of the
age; hours of fun; we teach the quickest and
best method on earth; you can make the weak
as strong as a lion or the bully as timid as a
child; cures disease or bad habits; causes
others to ''come" to you, love and obey you;
success guaranteed; diplomas issued. CALI-
FORNIA INSTITUTE. 402/4 Geary st.
WILL pay liberal commission for position va-
cated by party leaving >vith army. F. T.
SMITH, 1539 Fountain St., Alameda. »
MARY E. COLLIER, who lived in San Fran-
cisco in 1864-66, or her next of kin, will re-
ceive valuable information on communicating
with OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney for absent
heirs. 50? Kearny st.. San Francisco. ■■*. '-'■:■: ' : -
BUSINESS IERSONALS.
ANNOUNCEMENT-Mme. Delia Faust, artistic
hairdresser, removed to her new store; ele-
gantly fitted up in private parlors: she will be
pleased to see all her old patrons; hairdress-
ing, 25c; switches at reduced prices. 240
Stockton St., near Post.
WANTED— good men to complete party
going to Alaska by the way at St. Michael,
taking our own steamer. For particulars
call at once at 1519 Eighth aye., E. Oakland.
GRAY hair makes the ladies look old. Why
not call at 560 Slitter St., Mme. Garrissere's
hairdressing parlors? She will restore It to
its natural color. New process for shampoo-
Ing; telephone Black 2952. >
HARD brushing or too much washing Is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 25c; good
switches, $1: best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, l»ng, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA— A peerless hair tonic; use It. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office, 679 Geary st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove nigs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHFAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the Uni'.?d
Ftates or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. CJOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
LODGING ' >>USBi FOR SALE.
HENRY C. DECKER, "ioJTmARKET ST\7
— SUCCESSFUL
AND RELIABLE BROKER.
Over 20 Years on Market st.
A new list every day; all sizes and prices;
call and see me; I an suit for cash or pay-
ments.
24 rooms on -Howard: new $ 650 I
14 rooms on Eddy st. ; new 250 j
2S-room house; worth $1500; price 475
60- room hotel and bar 3200
46 rooms; sunny corner 1500
14 rooms; corner house; new and good 400 i
H. C. DECKER & C 0.. .1020 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
— .RELIABLE BROKERS. —
14 rooms; elegant furniture; new piano... $12CT>
15 rooms: Post St.; location Al 850
18 rooms; lovely place: only < 600 [
19 rooms; rent $27; money-maker 450
20 rooms; rent $55: Investigate this 500
21 rooms; rent $25; income $100 425
32 rooms: rent $100; Income $225 850
41 rooms; rent $140: near Oriheum 2750
44 rooms: rent $100; strictly first-class 1300 j
A— X REDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22% j
Geary st.
110 rooms; safe investment: clears $250 $4500 j
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central: all lull 700
30 rooms: Kearr.y: elegant offices 1808
25 rooms: best on Post: bargain 1550 .
12 rooms: Powell; elegant 800 |
6 room flat; Ellis st.: free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
22 rooms, nicely furnished, on broad avenue;
large: doing paying business; price $1000. E.
O. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park St.. Alameda,^
HANDSOME house, 16 elegantly furnished
rooms: 1 block of Baldwin: gentlemen room-
ers; running water; paying. Box 500, Call.
TO Let— Small lodging house, furnished. Ap- j
ply afternoon, 1160 Folsom st., barroom.
ROOMING house, bar room and fixtures for !
sale. Inquire 510 Howard, at.
MONTGOMERY, 627. cor. Clay— Open until B:9* j
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
t ions and want ads taken. • '*•- -
■^—^— — — — — — >
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE Rapid Packing Company; furniture and
household goods packed for shipment; esti-
mates given. 505 Kearny st. : tel. Main 315.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale cheap. 613
Minna st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
NEW furniture. 2 rooms; suitable for living
rooms, offices. 1063 Broadway, Oakland, r. 1.
CONTENTS of a finely furnished 6-room flat.
Apply 475 Guerrero St., near Seventeenth.
FURNITURE of a 5-room fiat for sale at 606& j
Elizabeth st.
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar- ,
gain. Address box 1513. Call office. - r ;
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng Work*: cleans,
r-ives, lays carps' C H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 -Eighth Ft.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted '. :th poor work
send to SPAULDING* 8 Pioneer Carpet- I
". -itlng Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS steam cleaned at lowest rates. J.
McQueen, C.C.C. Co.. 453 Stevenson; tel. 5.228.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c |
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern . -am Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL C: -net-Cleaning Co.. 2-: i 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74,
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- j
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321. '
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel; Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. i
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bar-rains
In good second-hand uprights up' r. same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Ilearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest -nd lr rgest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs j
and all other musical instruments of all I
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OUR bargain room Is the cheapest place on the !
coast to secure choice snaps; several elegant
high-grade ; pianos, costing- $500 :to $700, for
sale at $150 cash; cheaper pianos If you wish;
agents for the celebrated Hardman. J. DEW-
ING CO., 2d floor, Flood bid*. 4th & Market.
CLARK, WISE . & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st., agents Conover, Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy. terms; inspection invited.
WE have a fine - Baby Grand at a. bargain ;
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS. 769 Market at.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Cl-ickerlng for
$90; examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. .308. 310. 312 Post st.
A GREAT victory on : land; "Crown" ! piano
over the entire "single-tone" brigade. Call
on HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 230 Post st.
$150— BECHSTEIN baby grand; guaranteed;
for sale; $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
FIRST-CLASS upright, but little uned: must
be sold. Call to-day, 1175 Valencia st.
$75— A splendid piano; good' tone; $6 down: $3
per month.  225 Sutt«r st. ■ -' -'■.■.
NEW pianos rented. $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
NEW fine $400 upright. slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12, Flood building. ■ . ■
A STEINWAY, Decker, . other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNQ'S : New Store. 216 McAllister St.
"AD" smallest: price "lowest: $2 ' and up per
month. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
, . st.. ■ flat : No. 1. '■ . . . ..... '• ■ -•-.'- ■•■
A GOOD upright, very cheap. ' 16 McAllister
St., next Hlhernla Bank. SCHMITZ : ■_._■-; -;■■<:.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: eecond-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. '. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KN ABE pianos; new scale: -ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. - ; >:_
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .-.nd new. H. 1
MULLER. . maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent »to any address In " the United
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^kKeDO & CO., Successful Brokers, _ f
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$373— Home restaurant; Quest; best P
$500— Stationery, l>o iks, Call and laundn office.
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on a
$joo— Delicacy ; fine corner with living nl3-
SSOO— Home bakery: 3 barrels- daily; r
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $'.
$450— BEST shooting gallery: cigar star
rent; clears $150. KREDO & CO., 22
A— SS6O— GROCERY ; b. bakery; stationery .m. .
ny rooms: laundry pays rent. KREDO . .1
22 1 ,4 Geary st.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
403 EXAMINER BUILDING.
SUCCESSFUL BROKERS
OF INSURANCE.
BUSINESSES
AND PARTNERSHIPS NEGOTIATED.
$1750— LIVERY stable; stock worth the :~^~l
asked; accident to proprietor cause i gala
Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Kean
A BARGAlN— Private sanitarium or h
centrally located; fitted up with all
improvements; 11 rooms and bath:
good business; ill health cause > :
be sold. Call or address 6 Eddy St.,
of Powell, room 81.
A — fSOO— CORNER grocery and bar: without
doubt one of the best business corners
$200— Partner wanted; commission bus <.
$3fO— Saloon; old-established: good •■< rner,
and other bargains in saloons, taken- - j
restaurants. ANDERSON tt CO., 777 Market.
A It ARK chance for investment in Oakland;
flrst-class restaurant for sale, clearing
per month; same owners S years; poslt!v.-.y
no opposition near; place located on lunctl n
of best two streets; cheap rent; reasoi r
selling, owners leaving for Europe, m. _,
WURTS. 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
$250— FRUIT and vegetable store; outs; '.«
route; 40 good paying customers; cash bus;-
ness $12 per day; call after 2 p. m. for par-
ticulars at fruit store, 133 Turk st.
FOR Sale, cheap — Pork and delicacy store; 3
rooms furnished; rent $10; patd up to - •;
other business to attend to; call and investi-
gate. 3535 Seventeenth st.
PARTNER In horseshoeing shop; best in
city I4iio
Restaurant; Market st. ; clears $1M mo.. 630
Meat market; receipts $300 week, a snap.. 275
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
IF you want to buy a paying variety business
cheap, cash or trade for country home, I
have one to pell on account of sickness. Ad-
dress Store, box 2239, Call office; no aK^nts.
FOR sale — $2000; paying family hotel, f.s r
near Powell and fJush sts ; will sacrifice; iifty^
going to Alaska; one-fourth down; w..uia
trad?. Box 2300, <"ail office.
FOR Sale — Bakery and notion store. $75; 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $10: value in slsjht; must b«
sold this week; trial given. Inquire at 25t
Eighth st.
PARTIES with moderate capital can learn of
a reliable, permanent and profitable business
(a monopoly): real name must accompany
answer. Address box 2C?\ Cal] office
$200— SALOON' and restaurant in first-class
lodging-house, centrally located, to sell imme-
diately on account of sudden severe sickness;
sacrifice. Call .".47 Mission st.
$100 FOR half Interest in old-established real
estate and business exchange; good induce-
ment. Address box 2377. ("all office.
FOR Sale — Saloon north of Market; doing gnod
business: no agent. Particulars C. PETER-
SON, 033 Post st.
FOR SALE— An old established raloon on East
st.; good reasons given. Address B. A., box
221!>, Call office.
GROCERY and bar: first-class location; a
rare opportunity. Inquire Retail (Jrocer, 214
California st.
GOOD business opening: some capital required.
A. M. JANES, Manufacturing Agent. 638
Market st.
RF.XT $10— Fine chance for a d^lica'v and sta-
tionery store; 2 rooms: fixtures. 1215 PowelL
CHEAP— Branch bakery, notion and c.mcjy
store: 4 sunny living rooms. 1351 Harrison.
LAUNDRY route and horse and wagon for
sale at » sacrifice. Box 2238, Call office.
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Mc-
Allister st. "
BAKERY— Fixtures for sale and store to let,
with oven. Apply 81 Chronicle building.
FOR Sale — A good paying dry goods business.
Address P. O. box 112. TVnicia, Cal.
i GOOD old paying stationery; woman can make
good living. Apply Call office.
] ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to .
their interest to write for particulars to V
R. W. SWEET, Kirkwood, Cal. f
$1200 — IMPROV . l) placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
32SS, Call office.
PROMINENT plumbing business for pale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business street;
price asked Is all In stock; good reason for
selling. Box 1712, Call office.
FINE cigar store to let or for sale; good loca- «
Men. Inquire Mount Shasta saloon, 53 McAl-
lister St., near City Hall.
WANTED— To buy grocery anl bar. notion » '
store, dry goods store, for cash; must be i V
bargain. Box 2252. Call.
WHOLE or half interest; best-paying butcher
shop in this city; trial given. For reference
apply box 2257, Call office.
PRINTING plant— l pearl press and 80 fonts of
type; new and complete; cheap. Address
FRED LAKE, 52 Rausch St.
$600— WELL-ESTABLISHED candy business;
trial given. 2017 Fillmore St.
FINE saloon for sale cheap; good business.
Inquire 2006 Fillmore st.
FINE Examiner route to lease; 900 names;
good district. Box 2259, Call office.
PARTNER with small capital In restaurant by
single woman. Box 2255. Call office.
FOR sale — Home bakery: good paying business;
established years: 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
PARTNER wanted; dressmaking; free rent;
would teach her. Particulars at 207 Taylor.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living
rooms. 329 Fifth St.
FOR Rent— A bakery, with complete fixtures
for business. In center of Gilroy; old estab-
lished stand. Apply to MRS. C. A. HOXETT.
Gilroy. Cal.
PARTNER Wanted— Legitimate business; capi-
tal $1000; young, of business ability; no agenta
nor suckers. J. A., box 15, Call office.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin. Cal.
WANTED— To buy small restaurant or chop
house. Address L. R-, room 10. 114S Sutter.
FOR Sale— Cheap; grill room; dissolution of
partnership. Inquire 6 Leidesdorff st.
CORNER grocery and bar. living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st.
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia sts.. Sto.-kt. n.
CORNER grocery and bar. living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st.
FOR sale — Flrst-cln^s restaurant, saloon and
family resort on Market st ; cheap rent; will
be sold at a low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJES. wholesale
liquor dealers, ol."> Market -.-L
~~ MEXICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc • large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co.. 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
ftt $s<> $100 CAN be Invested where It will
yield as large a profit as Is consistent with
safety send for our free booklet "How
Money Grows." RKJGS & CO.. Bourse.
Philadelphia^Pa.
MOo_CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
grocery stock alone worth more than price;
doing god business. Inquire room 6U, Claua
Bpreckels building.
CHANCE to buy an oyster and chop house;
fine bar trade; established 11 years. Apply
southeast corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
Al BUTCHER shop for sale; very cheap; other
business to nttend to. Call at once and in-
vestigate. Box Call office.
FOR SALE — Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
HORSERADISH and pickle stand in well-
known market: retiring from business; great
bargnln. Address L. H.. box 1461. Call Office.
PARTNER wanted — Good-paying restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
Box 1453. Call.
RARE Chance — Brewery near San Francisco for
pale or to let cheap, with all brewing utensils.
Apply at Call office.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth St.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1538. Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; no nlgnt work. 508
Clay st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regist'd Pat.
Agents: established 1562. 319 Pint' st.. city.
(T"FFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento b- «
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— Young man going to Alaska to \
handle a good cheap portable boat; good V
chance to make expenses of the trip. Address
care Call office.
FOR Lawson City. Pteamer Northern Light—
Fastest boat on the Yukon. far<? flrpt-clas*
$if.o: freight $200 per ton; 160 pounds baggage
free; leaves Seattle June 1. OMce 36 East at. ,CITY RE -I, ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., '
Real Estate Agents,'
14 Montgomery st. |
ELEGANT MANSION NEAR THE PARK.
$10. East lake house of 17 rooms and bath, j
with lovely grounds; 50x137:6.
MUST BE SOLD— THREE MODERN FLATS.
$7000 — 3 nice flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms; bath,
laundry, etc., each; rents $800 per annum; 25x
57:6; Post St.; no reasonable offer refused.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT— CHEAP.
$7000— Offered very cheap on account of threat- i
ened forecloeure of mortgage; an elegant nearly I
new 2-stcry, attic and basement residence of 16
rooms and bath, etc.
A GOOD BUY.
— Two 2-story houses: could be converted
Into flats at very little expense; 50x112:6; Bush
6t.; In a good renting locality.
A GOOD LOT FOR FLATS.
$.iSf»-A very finely situated lot, 55:4^x100;
Broderick St.; sunny; good location for 4 or 6
elegant flats.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT— CHEAP.
$51r.O — Rents $552 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and
5 rooms and bath each and house of 3 rooms;
30x114; Scott st.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$4500—3 cottages of 6, 4 and 4 rooms and bath
each; bringing in $39 per month; 50x59:8; buy
this; occupy one an.! collect the rent from the
others; a good location in the Western Addi-
tion.
JACKSON ST.— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$4000— a beautiful location; marine view, un-
obstructed; lot 40x127 :5.
A VERY CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION j
HOME.
$3500— Nice 2-story hay-window residence of
7 rooms and bath: brick foundation; stona
•walks; Steiner st. ; a very nice location.
CHEAP LOT FOR FINE FLATS.
$3100— Haight st. ; 25x120 to rear street.
COZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$2900 — Post st.; nice cozy bay-window cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
etone sidewalks; street accepted; nice location;
we will sell this on easy terms.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2000—2 flats and lot near Powell and Pa-
cific sts.
RICHMOND— GOOD INVESTMENT.
— Rents $192 per annum; 2 flats of 4 rooms
end bath each: 25x120.
A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
$2000— Corner on Geary St.; 31:4%x125; a good
lot for store and flats.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
6ale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
-HERE'S YOUR CHANCE I-
■ •
A Splendid Residence on Sacramento Street.
Fine house of 10 rooms on sightly 50-foot
lot; terraced lawn, etc.; everything first-
class; price is put down to sell; only $11,000.
Tehama St., nr. Fifth— Brick building. in
Al condition: rented for $55 monthly; 4 flats
of 3 rooms each; price $4750.
' 4-room house on Fifteenth aye., near Cle-
ment; lot 25x120; street macadamized; only
J .
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
Vallejo. nr. Devisadero; 34:4x127:8; beau-
tiful marine view; a splendid lot.
$3000— Scott and McAllister sts.; cheap lots.
$2000— North Clay, nr. Spruce; 25x127.
$2300— Green, nr. Scott; 27x127.
$1875— Dolores, nr. Liberty; 25x95:8.
$22ci>— Southwest cor. J and Eighth aye.; 82:6
XlOO. .- •'■.:
$2. 1 5>X>— Beautiful Pacific Heights lots; 27:6
front.
$1100- 14 th. nr. Broderick: 25x115.
$1500—55x114; £sth. nr. Castro.
$975— 14 th. nr. Castro; 26x115.
$1200— Vallejo, nr. Broderick; 25x137:6.
Houses built on easy terms.
McAFKE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery, 8. F.
ABOUT 100
EXAMPLES
Of people who feel that they have secured
homes without paying for them are to be
found in the Heyman Tract. These people
were for years paying rent — adding to
their landlord's prosperity, but not a bit
to their own. Every month regularly they
paid their rent money and never had a
single thine to show for it. Now they
are paying for their homes with their
usual r^nt money — and see that every dol-
lar paid out goes to their own account.
Two new cottages of 4 and 6 rooms may
be paid for in this way. Take Misslon-st.
cars, transfer to Twenty-second, to Hoff-
man aye. and ask for Mr. James Cotter,
resident agrei t, who will show you these
■ cottages. JACOB HEYMAN, owner, 11
Montgomery st., will give all particulars.
ONE block of fine level land: as a whole or
in lots; one block from electric road; suitable
for chicken ranch or dairy; at a bargain;
$10 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
: : T> upward*— Building lots in all parts of
the to car lines; $5 monthly.
■i; HETMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
■ District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
ry st.
■AX and $13 35 monthly will buy a new
fr.ur-r.'.'m ami hath cottage, with level lot:
• ■r.l^nt to cars; good neighborhood: five
already sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
: y st.
ELEGANT corner: 26:fixlOO; one block
. two car lines; suitable for flats; all
Mreet work done; monthly payments. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery et.
3 CO.
New Heal Estate firm rustling for business.
Call and see us. 403 Examiner building.
Income property sacrificed; 14 houses bring-
ing In over tl'iaO per year to present owner;
will exchange for city real estate or good col-
lateral securities; material discount for cash;
loss of family the reason: Investigation solic-
ited; price $11,000. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403
Examiner building.
A beautiful modern home at a bargain; on
8 popular residence street; finished In polished
redwood and Monterey cypress; assorted variety
of shade and fruit trees; 75 rose bushes, palms,
lawn, etc.; 7 rooms, attic and cellar; stable and
outhouse; price S'.ri'rO ; cost twice that much:
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Exami-
ner building.
House in Palo Alto — Will exchange for city
or country property; will pay cash difference;
lot In San Jose win exchange for outside land.
THE REYNOLDS CO , 403, Examiner building.
I.r.ts In the smnh Fide section at a bargain to
Fettle an estate. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403
Examiner building.
Chicken ranch, well equipped, for rent, 34
acres; good house 8 rooms, barn, well, wind-
mill and tank; incubator 600 etres; brick brood-
er, horse, wagon; Sonoma County. THE REV-
N'll.us CO., 403 Examiner building.
Exchange for ranch — 4 flats: very desirable;
well located; one fiat has stove in front; price
JSSOO. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner
building.
CALIFORNIA.
The best place in the world
For investments,
For investments,
$1200.
Lovely 4-rooms-and-bath cottage; new; lot
25x125; only one-half cash.
$3000.
Two flats; near Jones and Geary sts.
$5500.
Six nice flats; near Seventh and Market sts.;
rents over $700; terms one-half cash.
$5600. '
Choice flats; lot 2 fronts; rents $60.
$9000.
K'.ur flats; lot 35x120; nr. O'Farrell and Hyde.
$34,000.
Geary st, near Kearny; 2 frontages. .
$36/'OO.
Corner; 11^x137:6; partly improved; rents $3240.
$50,000. —
Four-story brick; lot 30-foot front; nr. Tlvoll.
$130,000.
Four-rtory elegant investment corner; 100-
front; near Baldwin; rents about $sno.
gat. A. M. SPECK &CO.. 602 Mkt.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON,
412 Pine st., near Montgomery.
BARGAINS.
$5000— Sacrifice: cor. Ridley and Stevenson
Fts.. ear Market; both streets accepted; large
lot: 37:6x80; 6 fine flats; rents $96: make offer.
J3JO0 — Just reduced; very cheap; Natoma St.,
near Sixth; two houses; rents $38.
$3Co— Cheapest lots in town; 21st aye., near
Point Lobos and Clement St.; 25x100; street
work done; terms to suit.
First aye.. boulevard— B fine lots and corner
lot; choice and cheap. *
FOR SALE BY
HOOKER & LENT. 14 POST ST.
ASHBURT HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
$1000 $1100 — $1200
Lots 25x161:3, or any size.
Clayton St. from Frederick st. south.
EASY TERMS.
CARS PASS THE DOOR. '- Vi
WILL BUILD TO SUIT.
HOOKER & LENT.
LOOK AT THIS!
$3750— In Montgomery St.; house of 12 rooms
and barn; lot 91x91: money or no money, must
he Bold. D. STERNSEHER & CO., successors
to Cadenasso & Co.. 512 . Montgomery St., S. F.
WE are going to fight; $900 house and lot; only
60 feet off- Hyde st. . D. STERNSEHER &
CO., Euccessoc3 to Cadenaeso & Co., -512, Mont-
gomery at., San Francisco. '
WILL be sold at prices to suit the times: brand
new up-to-date Park homes; progressive, fine-
ly Improved locality: north side Frederick St..
near Stanyan: Ellis-st. cars will run to Fred-
erick and Stanyan sts. in 30 days. J. STIER-
LEN. owner and builder, on premises. - • ■
6 NEW modern 2-story houses; grand unoh-
:ible marine view: 6 and 8 rooms: lnts
$3600 and S3SOO; cash or installments,
heaven worth et., aeax Lombard.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ,
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents;
established 1858; 626 Market st.
Must sell to close estate; an elegant Inside
property on Pine, bet. Larkin and Polk; 25x
137:6; 2 buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister st., near Flllmore; two
large flats; faying good Income; lot, 25x100.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St., near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$3000— Washington st., near Webster; 9
. rooms and bath; lot 25x128.
Must be sold: two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
Three flats, inside of Larkin St.. nr. Geary:
new; latest improvements; good-size lot; cen-
trally located; rents $110 per month, paying
over S per cent net; price $12,500.
$7000— $900 per year: Paciflc-st. corner,
near Powell; 50x68:9.
$4000— Fifth St., near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street ; two houses.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:(i.
Geary st., corner Broderick; elegant corner
! store and flats; paying good income; lot
■ 26x92.
$3750— Rents $34: 2 new flats, 5 and 4 rooms
I and bath; lot 25x50:3.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina st.,
near Third; lot 25\S0.
$2500— Shipley St., near Fourth; large house;
lot 25x75.
J3ooo— Cottage and lot, 21st St., near Castro;
5 rooms and bath; 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$1900— Merrltt st., near Market; 4 rooms and
bath; lot 25x50:3.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages. Chattanooga, nr. 23d
Bt.; 32:6x117:6.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., one
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
Near corner Leaven worth and Sacramento:
I7:tx78:ll; elt-gant location for flats; $2500.
$3UOO— Corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$1750 — Union, near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— Turk, cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$IL'sO— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— 7 th aye., near J; 25x120.
$1000— York St., near 22d; lot 25x100.
$900— California st., nr. 12th ay?. : 25x100.
Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
$12, 000— Corner Loavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6; with house.
£40,000— Market and Page; 55x120 to Rose aye.
$10,500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco: 45:10x«S;8.
$15, 000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den aye.
$8000— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
(6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny: 20x77:6.
$55w>— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100; stores and
flats.
■—Cor. Bryant and Zoe: 35x97:6.
; Howard, nr. 30th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
{.«■■>— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
rooms and bath.
$4500 — Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
Shotwell. nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4iK)0 — Mafon, nr. Green; 30x63; 3-story house;
a and bath.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement; 25x120; cottage.
-Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x54:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
$2500— Stelner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— F%ir Oak?, nr. 26th; 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
2"xl2"; Doyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
JOHN" PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at:
—Rent ?2v near corner Pacific and Tay-
lor sts.; 2 houses; lot 20x60; a good buy.
$15,000— Rent $170; fine brick improved* down-
town property.
$2400— Rent $25; a double flat; 5 rooms be-
low and *> rooms npstalrs.
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 42
rooms and G baths.
I o— Rent $27; 2H-story double flat on
Tenth St.. of fi and 8 rooms each; lot 23x100.
jr. 750— Rent $66; 4 flats on Geary st. ; lot
28x125.
$6160— Rent $47: store and 2 flats; Geary st. '
$25,<k;0— Market st. ; lot 25x125, with a 3-story i
house, store and "lodging.
$25,500 — A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well improved; paying 8 per cent.
$3500 — A fine crner lot for grocery and
dwelling on Golden Gate aye. ; 50x100.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28x100, with a 2-story house and stable, j
three blocks from new City Hall.
$4250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st.
$14,000 will buy three fine houses and lot
55x137:6 on a very prominent street.
$14,500 will buy a McAllister-st. property; '
2 stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hall, j
$30,000 will buy a business property that '
rents at $260.
UNIMPROVED.
Two lots, 33x100 each, near Twenty-fourth I
st. and Potrero aye., at a low price.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st.
$800— Noe St., near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
Al Horiger. Louis A. Souc. !
L. A. SOUC & CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS.
i HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 and 467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
_
As we make a specialty of Mission property i
: and are right on the spot we can save you time
i and money by calling on us at once.
A few of the bargains and snaps we offer this ,
i week:
..■.",,0—25x80; Valencia St.; house of 8 rooms,
bath.
$83,00— 50x50; Mission st. ; store; flats and cot-
s;:,f>o— 24xloo ; Mission Ft.; store and 2 flats.
$2500—25x100; Walter st., bet. 13th and 14th; !
! cottage 5 rooms and bath.
$2500 — 24x75; Lexington aye; 3 and 4 room flats.
I $2600 — 25x80; San Carlos aye.; house 6 rooms
and bath.
; $1700—22x70: Rondell St., near 16th; cottage 5
rooms and bath.
$1300— 25x114— 28th st.: cottage 4 rooms, bath.
$2000 — 25x114: 27th st.: cottage 5 rooms, bath.
CHEAP VACANT LOTS.
$800— 25x100; Dorland St., near Dolores,
i $650—25x100; Sanchez, near ISth St.
$800—25x114; Jersey St., near 24th.
JlPOO— 2sxBo; 24th, near Castro st.
i $1350—25x90; Church St., near ISth.
$15W — 25x10u; Sharon St., near Market.
! $450—25x100; Rhode Island St., near 23d.
L. A. SOUC & CO.,
465-467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
' $100. $150 to $250; level building lots near
Misslon-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
SUNSET HEIGHTS^LOTSI
$400, $450 to 1850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S00; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
• to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage In
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
:..i MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh ats.; close to el""trie road.
$5000 — Good corner for score; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lota north of park.
Bargain— Southwest? corner Fifth aye. and C
Ft. ; 109x95 feet.
FOR sale— 2 new flats, modern. $34,000; street
work done. 1061 Broadway.
$30r | O— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city, 5 rooms
each. HOVEY, 8, second floor. Mills building.
LATEST Eastern Design
of Colonial Residences
on Panhandle of G. G. Park,
Lyon and Oak sts.
Bun in every room, built by
day's labor and finished first-class
in every particular.
Terms to suit purchaser.
Houses open for Inspection.
DAN EINSTEIN, Owner and Builder,
19 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100. |
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison St., bet.
21 st and 22d. j
$6HO— COTTAGE 4 rooms and bath for sale. 9 j
Couvler ft., near old St. Mary's College.
4~MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call. I
Want ads and subscriptions taken. J
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST lot In Park Panhandle District.
$2550— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of
Hayes and Clayton sts.; 25x106:3.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SNAP!
Bay-Window Cottage
In Western Addition.
$4150— Good cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on
Jackson st., near Broderick; lot 25x127; bank
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
Large Lot.
$3000 — Two lots, each 25x100. and good new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X St., near Ninth aye.; splendid view
of Part- and the Golden Gate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES-STREET RESIDENCE.
$SOO cash, balance monthly Installments—
' Handsome new house, contains 7 rn)ms and
bath; every convenience: extra lurgij corner
lot. plenty of icom for store anl I'.atT; corner.
BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
POST-STREET RESIDENCE,
Near Van Ness Aye.
$7500; worth $12,000— Fine bay-window resi-
dence; 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120 to rear
street. At a small outlay could De altered
Into flats; would pay well.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS NEARLY 8 PER CEVT.
$29,000— May be less; handsome new 4-story
and basement building; store and 'odßlng-
house above; on prominent down-town street,
close to Eddy and Taylor sts.
$5750— Rent $63 50; all rented; we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
Improvements; large lot; not far from the
corner of California and Mason sts. ; call at
once for particulars.
$6500— Rents $SlO per annum; new, handsome
lots on best portion of Hayes st.; short walk
from Market; large lot.
$14.500— McAllister St.. near Franklin; B-
story building, containing stores and flats
above; rents $106; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery 3t-
ATTENTION. WORKINGM K N '.
Cheapest Home Lots in the City.
$325— Terms $25 cash, balance $10 monthly;
only 5 lots left; Nebraska, Vermont, Nine-
teenth and Twentieth ets. ; electric cars on
Sixteenth St.; only short walk to Union Iron
"U..rks and the manufacturing and warehouse
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
a" SNAP!
$7500— A great bargain: splendid business
corner In the best part of the Mission; lot
30x90; improvements consist of store and 4
rooms in rear thereof; flat above of 7 rooms;
also 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; ail
Improvements In splendid condition; rent $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HAVES-STREET COTTAGE.
$4350— Hayes st.. near Laguna; nice cottage
of 6 rooms and bath: lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
eastonT^ldridge & co..
Real Estate Agents,
638 Market st.
SWEENY RANCH. ,
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; In
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil; plenty
water- this property Immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and Is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms; price
below all former quotations and upon unusu-
ally easy terms.
A PRETTY COUNTRY HOME.
$35<v>— a cozy 5-room house, with barn, wind-
mill and 1 acre of land, in a beautiful tract
near Redwood; an abundance of fruit ana
flowers.
$1400— Choice Income property In Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
FOR RENT.
I A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME
Situated in the foothills west of Stanford
i University, overlooking the Santa Llara \ al-
S ley and the hay; handsome furnished house of
i 12 rooms, bath, etc.: fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
j a VINEYARD AND SUBURBAN HOME!
With a good Income; 50 acres, nearly all In
full bearing vines; half mile from Warm
AT San Ma.teo— A charming country home,
with 12 acres of land, good buildings, beauti-
ful jrarden, family orchard, etc. ; an ideal
place; prioe only $15,000. McAFEE BROS.
■ A— PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR—
A splendid investment; finely improved
ranch property in Alameda County; price
1160,000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
HIGHLY improved vineyard property, near
Calistoga; 100 acres for $11 7i/>; would con-
! Elder exchange for one-half: balance cash.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
1 160 ACRES near Cottonwood, Tehama County;
18 acres in vineyard; 8 acres in orchard; bal-
ance in hay and pasture land; house, barn
and outbuildings; price $6500.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
$400— 80 ACRES, homestead, Calaveras County;
house: 60 fruit trees, strawberries, etc.;
i chickens. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land.
j 10 ACRES, elegant home. Contra Costa County,
at Walnut Creek; all In fruit: large house,
tools. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSE, 7 rooms. Center St., Oakland, and 40
acres, Contra Costa County; trade for clear
house. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
LOTS! LOTS!— II 1 * acres near San Leandro
road to trade for house and lot; this is
offered at half value. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
$2200—80 ACRES mountain land, 7-»anta Clara
County; about 11 acres planted choice French
prunes and apples; 6-room cottage, partly
furnished; stable, horse and buggy and all
necessary Implements; spring water piped to
houne and carden: abundance of wood and
water; hunting, trout fishing and scenery
unsurpassed: county road adjoins property;
an ideal mountain home for health and profit
combined. Box 2269, Call office.
10-ACRE tracts of fine vineyard land: only $5
per acre: near Auburn. Placer County; $.".
down and $5 monthly; a big snap. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$1600—150 acres level land; 65 acres In crop;
house, barn, etc.; near Lakeport, Lake Co.;
one-half cash. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.,
room 4.
IN Mendocino County, 400 acres for stock, $200
a year; rent in advance. Address D. DAVIS,
Frultvale, Alameda County.
60 ACRES. Contra Costa County; all in choice
fruit and bearing; will sell on very easy-
terms; must be seen to be appreciated; will
subdivide If required; age of trees 3 to 5
years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles
from S. P. deDot; 2 hours' ride from San
Francisco. Address G. S.. Brentwood P. O.
FOR sale— soo acres choice grain and dairy-
farm, well suited for apple, prune and pear
orchard ; 2V» miles from Petaluma, Sonoma
County; improvements, dwelling, barn, out-
h<mses; cross fenced; well watered; heavy
grain, hay and grass crops, even this year
of drouth; terms reasonable. Apply to WIL-
FRED PAGE. 302 California St., room 11.
MENLO Park. 10 acres; large oaks: close to
station: quick sale for $2760. Box 2379, Can.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $30 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots ar"J acreage; easy terms; 43 minutes
from the city: cottageß for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST m . 132 Market St.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$3000— NICE Alameda house.
$3000— 7-room cottage. San Francisco.
$5000— San Francisco property; improved.
$2000 — Lake County ranch.
$3000 — Santa Cruz ranch.
$25.000 — Grain ranch, Yolo County.
$12,500 — Sonoma County fruit ranch.
26 Montgomery St., room 4.
TO exchange or for sale— 3 Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty St.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To rent small ranch suitable for
raising poultry. Address box 1529, Call office.
STORAGE.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAX
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS. 25c a mo.; other goods ct low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low rates— Furniture. carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 102J
Mission st.. at ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest ratej — TTousehold goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof Dulld'ng. F. W.
ZEHFI'SS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 18a.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South ISO.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$35—FURNISHED modern 6-ronm cottage on
East Oakland Heights for rent during June
and July. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383 Fifth
aye.. East Oakland.
$15— MODERN lower flat of 6 rooms convenient
to electric cars and broad gauge station; situ-
ated on Sixth aye. B. H. WELCH & CO.,
1353 Fifth aye.. East_Oakland.
$13 EACH — Two new lower 6-room flats situ-
ated on car line on Eleventh aye. B. H.
WELCH _ CO., 1383 Fifth aye., E. Oakland.
$900 CASH, for quick sale: lot 50x150; in choice
location on Tenth avenue; beautiful view. B.
H. WELCH _ CO., 1383 Fifth aye., East
Oakland.
$400 CASH — A lovely home: 2-story new mod-
ern house of 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland, on Peralta avenue, 1 block
east from Fruitvale aye. ; Peralta aye. has
city water and sewer. 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price S1S00; monthly payments as
rent. 455 Seventh ft., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galir.do Tract. H. Z.
JONES, Owner
$25 DOWN and $5 monthly will buy a neat 3-
room cottage With lot 50x12". in the Alvln
Trait, near Elmhurst: only 45 minutes from
San Francisco; price $450; local trains hourly.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery' st.
j $500— GOOD house, 3 rooms; lot 50x125; well lo-
cated; $50 cash, $10 monthly. ALDEN-GAR-
FIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
1000 RANCHES and city homes for sale; $75,-
000, clear hotel; will exchange. E. E.
BI'NCE. !'OS Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND MOUSES TO LET.
lIOUSEs"tO~LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat. 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms 14
2-fctory neat 6-room house lg
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.PEWOLF, WSS Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
GLOBE Houser, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
toi week, ?1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND UOAKD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth Bt.
FIFTEENTH, 726— I'leasant sunny front rooms,
with board; private: larga yard.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated: under new management; entire satis-
faction Kuaranteod: American and European
plan; the table is a special feature: meals 15c
up: special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props.. 116.". Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
"YE Olde Curiositie' Shoppe," rosewood table
and melodeon 130 yrs old; music racks, ma-
hogany bureaus, chairs, sofas & clock. 7c2
7th, cor. Brush.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GIVEN away— S3ooo; lot 55x104; cottage 6 rooms,
bath: SVV cor. Park st. and Blanding aye.;
property on easy installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER, Real Estate
Agent. Notary Public, 1340 Park St., Alameda.
SPECIAL NOi'ICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $ISOO. «■ '01. $2600, $3000.
The above are 'ovely cottages, which have
been thrown on " market for non-payment
of installmf-nts. and they -re now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
aln ' new. and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to wpp<l them out and Invlts
Inspection. MAB&CSE k RKMMTCL.
Bav-st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Su: days and holidays.
SNAP— New house and bath: lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
T>ly to owner, 1612 Chapln St.
$750— Lot 60x?70; modern cottage & rooms, near
achoolhous«.
$I?oo— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; rood bouse of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: neer Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash: $25 per morvth: lot 40*150: only
I blocks from station and Tilgn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
«xlS0; choice location: very ea*y terms.
Houses to l»t In all parts of Alameda.
H P MORKAL * CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FUKNISHED house. 9 rooms; bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye.. or J. S.
HOPKINS. 204 Pine St., San Francisco.
WEBER. 1378. near Enclnal station— Sunny-
modern 7-nx>m house. furnlFhed or unfur-
nished: marine view.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms in private family. 21M
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
FRI'ITVALH REAL ESTATE.
$2100— BEAUTIFUL new 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath: lot 45x125; all fenced: $l."0
msn. balance $20 per month. H. A. PLEIT-
XKK. Fruitvale station.
$200 — 50x125— A fine building lot. all fenced: only
one block from electric cars: fine location.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.
$140ft— J100 CASH, balance monthly Install-
ments as rent ; new modern cottage of 5
rooms and bath; high basement ; large lot:
all fenced. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale
station.
$600— COTTAGE of 3 rooms, woodshed: city
water; lot 50x125: $175 cnsh. balance $5 per
month. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$13ifi_HOlTSE of 5 rooms and bath: barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees; lot lOOxlOR; all
fenced; 1 blocks from station. H. A. PLEIT-
NER. Fruitvale station.
$1200—2 ACRES in bearing fruit; fine artesian
well, windmill and tank: large barn, chick-
en houses; all fenced; an opportunity worth
investigating. IT. A. PLEITNER. Fruit-
vale station, Cal.
GO to Fruitvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station; easy rental terms; 4,
G and 6 rooms; also lots $100 up: D. Pratt.
Fniitvalo. MCCARTHY CO.. 64fi Market. P. F.
BKRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4000— A thorough bargain— Large house, new,
lot 60x160; street work all done; cement side-
walk; fine view: easy terms. JOSEPH J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station.
EAST Berkeley— sunny corner: street work
done; best street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG, 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
$1250— A VERY great bargain; house and lot;
improvements cost $ll°0; easy terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$350 EACH— S lots fronting on Grove st. : street
work all done; cars pass the door: an unheard
of bargain. JOS. • MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANB on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniturp without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOT'GAN ft CO., 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market Bt. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
rommls. ; low interest. Rm. RB, 1170 Market.
ANY sum! Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. " Room 7, 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortj.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, eto. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.: private. .-. 116 McAllister st. . .-
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offlc* of • The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. ...
~~ ~ FINANCIAL.
: LOANS on ' real estate, bonds. ; etc :- lowest
rates. McAFKK BROS.. log Montgomery «t.
PAWNBROKERS.;
B WISE and borrow from the \ Cut : Kate Lou
Office, 22 Mason st, bet. : Market and Eddy. . 4 .
Pv ■> HOUSES TO'LBT. •
ALL OVER TOWN — '__■;■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ■ ■ ■
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. C2B Market st.
HOUSE 4 rooms, attic and stable. Inquire 820
Jessie St., oft Ninth; rent reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1620. between Larkin and Polk
—Fine 2-story and basement house; 10 large
rooms; rent $65.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2734. near Hampshire—
rooms, bath; large yard; rent $16. ■■
2 TENEMENTS: 4 rooms each; $8 50. and $10.
812 Jessie st., near Ninth; key at grocery.
SUNNY house. 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, .36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
THE REYNOLDS CO. _ ______
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED
7-room cottage, nicely furnished $27 00
6-room house, new, near in....... $•*«> 00
11-room house, llnely furnished, good lo-
cation ?60 00
S-room house, well furnished, fine loca-
tion *i 3 00
10-room house, elegantly furnished, fine
location $75 00
7-room flat, well furnished, good loca-
tion $43 50
6-room flat, well furnished, good loca-
tion ....$3500
9-rocm flat, well furnished, good loca-
tion ... $75 00
403 — I ' Examiner building.
A HANDSOMELY furnished house In the West-
ern Addition; terms reasonable to responsible
parties. Box 2241. Call office.
ASHBURY, Sunny, nicely furnished house,
8 rooms; bath; piano.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; 1111 Scott St.: rent reduced; can be
«een from 10 to 12; furniture for sale. Box
1579, Call.
BIRCH aye., 5. oft Larkin St., near Grove-
Four rooms and bath; nicely furnished.
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath: yard;
3824 Nineteenth St. Inquire UMBSEN _
CO. ; rent $15.
FURNISHED modern house, 9 rooms, near
park; rent $60. Box 1532. Call office.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
10 R. completely furnished: Pacific Heights;
$125. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.__
COTTAGE, 6 rooms; beautiful flat, 5 rooms, $15;
rooms to suit. 1312 Union st.
GEARY, 2224— A cottage, 5 rooms, sunny side,
near Broderick st.
SUNNY cottages of 4 tnd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th St.. near Dolores.
7-ROOM, new, $17, or will sell; $250 cash. bal.
$20 month. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market jit.
$7— SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St., oft 3d.
$80 — COTTAGE; 5 rooms; prettiest in city: new;
?!<63 Twentv-llrst St.; key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
ALABAMA, 537, near Twenty-first— s sunny
rooms, yard and basement. $10.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A SNAP— Lower flat 2160 Fifteenth st., near
Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
sunny side; rent $16.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $1S and $20: Capp st., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHE.VERY, 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
rooms and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
DORE, 319— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
sale or to rent; rent $S. Bet. Bryant and
Brannan.
EIGHTH. 310H— S rooms, nice order; $9.
ELEGANT lower flat; just completed; beauti-
fully tinted; newest Improvements: 6 rooms;
three bay-windows. Shrader St.. near Waller.
ELEGANT new flats, nearly ready: fine loca-
tion; light and sunny: beautiful view.
in- hanan st.. bet. Oak and Page.
ELEGANT middle flat, 8 rooms and bath; mod-
ern Improvements. 1127 Bush st.
FLAT sunny 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms, $10. Key 623 2d st.. near Townsend.
HAVES, 1739. and 1909 McAllister— Sunny flats,
3 to 5 rooms and bath; $7 50 to $15; near park.
LACUNA, IRl+— Three large rooms and base-
ment to let; rent $12.
MINNA, Cl2H— Flat of 5 rooms; fit for 2 fam-
ilies; rent Jl2.
MODERN 5-room flat. IC7 AFh aye., between
Polk and Van Ness. McAllister and Fulton.
NE. CORNER Hayes and Webster— Flat of 6
rooms and bath. Inquire 734 Hayes st.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
NINETEENTH. 3984, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat: $14; water fre«.
PAGE, 1611— Desirable sunny 5-room flat; ex-
cellent order; near park.
POLK. 1710, near Clay— New bay-window
sunny fiat, 7 rooms and bath. $25.
POND 47. off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free.
SCOTT. 2038, corner Sacramento— Sunny S-room
upper' flat, with attic.
SMALL sunny upper flat, completely furnished;
piano: references; $22. 2110 Baker st.
SUNNY modern; 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tremont
aye., near Waller St., Golden Gate Park.
SllNNYflat 4 rooms and bath; $10. Inquire 1312
Castro st.
"SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath: water free; rent $14.
SUTTER. 912 A— Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath, S3O
THIRTEENTH, 220, near Howard — Upper
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent only $15.
THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat: rent cheap;
6 rooms; bath; car Market; apply premises.
4 AND « room flats on Twelfth Bt. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
4 ROOMS: sunny and modern; southeast cor-
ner 25th and Folsom. Apply on premises.
5 ROOMS: sunny and modern; 1229 Clay st. Ap-
ply on premises.
$»— VALLEJO, 11234, near Leavenworth— i
rooms; large separate yard: rent reduced.
$9— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna St.. bet. 11th and 12th.
$20— MODERN flat, 6 rooms and bath; watet
free. 3879 Seventeenth st.. near Noe.
$20 — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
FURNISHED FLATS.
MODERN sunny upper furnished fiat, 6 rooms;
references. Apply G. H. TMBSEN & CO.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT f.22 Polk — Sunny suite; unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
AT 52 Second St., nice clean light housekeeping,
single and double rooms, $1 week up.
BRADY, 44, off Market— 2 or 3 furnished or un-
furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
BUSH, 621— Large front suite, well furnished
and separate kitchen, with bath, $17.
DOLORES, 1100— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms; convenient; rent $2 and $3. • ,
EDDY, 604— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room, with kitchen; also single rooms.
ELEVENTH. USA — Furnished housekeeping
and other rooms; rent cheap. t
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms In upper flat; $8.
FIFTH 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng.. rooms: bath; stove; closet; private; $10.
FIFTH, — Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 149%— Nice sunny r front , rooms and
kitchens furnished • for housekeeping; . $10. ?
FIFTH, 325— Furnished. 1 or 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath; $15; hall room, $6 up. • •■'
FOLSOM, 526— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FOURTH, 225— 1 or 2 sunny rooms, complete '
for housekeeping, . $8 to $12 mo. ; single rooms.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably ' furnished front
: room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY 1917—4 comfortable rooms for adults;
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; all necessaries;
: $20- '■-,-■: >:■-:: -'■■ ■■' -- ' ' " .■"•■'•-*•-.•■.%•.
\ GROVE, 508— Furnished front room; '•.. private
family; no children; rent reasonable. : '■>-. .- ..-.
HAVES,' Sunny bay-window - front - suite;
complete; housekpg ; gas range ; ; private f am.
HOWARD, Sunny corner suite of .-.house-
■ kpg rooms ; second floor ; bath; - gas; », cheap.
HOWARD, 821— or. two rooms complete for
housekeeping, $7. and $10 month. ,- ; . . - :
HOWARD, Sunny room - furnished - : for
, ■ housekeeping; ■ bath. ' .', .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
HOWARD, 2124—2, 3 or 4 nice eunny furnished
rooms; sink; gas; bath.
HYDE, 6%— Sunny front suite; furnished for
light housekeeping.
HYDE, 531— Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LANGTON. 15 l i— Three neat sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
LARKIN, 509 A —3 completely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; range.
LARKIN, 625H— 3 or 4 fournlshed or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 804—2 sunny front connecting rooms,
neatly furnished, light housekeeping, $13.
LARKIN, S22— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
LARKIN. 1007— Furnished rooms: two front
with kitchen, $25; also single rooms.
MARKET, 1028— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete. $10; call evenings.
MINNA, 260— Thre« rooms for housekeeping;
completely furnished; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny connecting front suite,
2 or 3 rooms, complete housekpg; gas; water.
MISSION. 92S I *— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gaa; bath.
N V.TOMA, 701, corner Eighth— Furnished or un-
fa rnished rooms for housekeeping; also single.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite rooms; light house-
keeping; running water; cook stove; others.
OAK, 48— $4; bay-window room, 14x17; grate,
closet: first floor.
OtFAJRREi7I~923—NIc«O t FAJRREi7l~923— Nlc« furnished basement.
kitchen and gunny yard, cheap.
TINE, 706%— Fine large sunny suite; gas; bath;
private flat; $15.
SEVENTH, 136— Cheerful rooms: housekeeping;
water; large yard; also single; cheap.
SIXTH. 132— Sunny suite: nice furniture; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 furnished rooms, $8
and $9; also housekeeping rooms.
SUITE of two nice front sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; folding bed in kitch-
en- bedroom suit to match in bedroom; fur-
niture all new; $3 per week; suitable for 4 or
5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
St., between First and Second.
SX'NNY front double room; also housekeep-
ing; $5 and $7 per month. S49'i Minna st.
TENTH, 149— A lower flat of 4 large sunny
rooms, including kitchen, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private yard; all con-
veniences; $20.
THIRD, 309— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping, from $7 to $10 a suite; single $5.
THIRTEENTH, 409^, near Valencia— 3 unfur-
nished rooms: bath and yard; $10.
THIRTEENTH, 446, cor. Guerrero— A sunny
furnished housekpg room; kitchen; bath; $10.
TURK, 405— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap; bath.
TURK. 530— Furnished rooms f housekeeping.
TURK 543— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping: gas and bath; rent $-14 and $16.
TWENTY-THIRD. 332R, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 1175— Two or four very nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; very cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 51S— 2 sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; Including bath; $14.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny front suite, 3
rooms and kitchen: gas range; piano.
WILLOW aye., 30, off Larkin, nr. Eddy— l or 2
sunny furnished front housekeeping rooms;
coal or gas stove; bath; reasonable.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
HARRISON, 860—3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, ground floor, with yard.
TO Let— 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping;
n4ce neighborhood. Apply 1420 Castro st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. Joe; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en BUite and single: flrst-claaj i
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hyde. 609; Sutter, 715-7l:V— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonably
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— New elegantly furnished
rms.; gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
CALIFORNIA, 1166— sunny rooms In the best
part of town; cheap.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.: nice suite*.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $6 60.
EDDY 212 <The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $8: families.
EDDY, 614— Large handsomely furnished room;
closets, running water, bath; also small room.
$6 to $10.
EDDY, 761 — Large sunny front room, $8.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Firsp-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 SO to $8 week.
ELLIS, 432— Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, $6 and $8 a month; bath; gas.
ELLIS 639, corner Larkln— Sunny front room;
mantel; folding bed; gentlemen preferred.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant Bunny unfurnished
rooms to let. _^____
FOLSOM, 766^ — Neatly furnished rooms; $4
and to; every convenience.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport House)— Sunny bay-
window rooms; gas; running water; reason-
able.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 667— Newly furnished single and double
rooms;' private family; references.
GEARY. 774— A large sunny suite, nicely fur-
nished. In a refined private family.
GOLDEN GATE, 437— Connecting suite, 2
closets, running water; also single rooms;
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, 523— Newly furnished single
and double rooms; private family; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; »elect family
rooming bouse; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715. BT. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 250 up.
HOWARD. 732— Two large rooms furnished,
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $1 per week.
HOWARD, 630— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1217V4— Furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
JESSIE, 333— Lerg« furnished bay-window
room, $10.
JESSIE, 1443, bet. 13th and 14th— 1 single or
large furnished room In private family; cheap.
LARKIN, 819% — Comfortable large sunny fur-
nished rooms; large closets; from $1 75 to $3
per week.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3: suites,
$4 to $6: baths: hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 6U— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MINNA, 1039. between Eleventh and Twelfth-
Large sunny front room, furnished; also sin-
gle rooms and bath.
MISSION, 763— A fine large front room; fur-
nished for 2; $8 a month.
OAK. 48— Front parlor, first floor: newly pa-
pered; water; conservatory; adults; $5.
O'FARRELL 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 126 — Sunny furnished single and
double room: private family; bath.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 290 — Two sunny rooms, furnish-
ed or unfurnished; reasonable; references.
O'FARRELL. 327— Handsomely furnished front
room: also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL. f>3s>* — Nicely furnished front
rooms. $7 to $10.
O'FARRELL, 519 — Sunny room in private fam-
ily; rent $3.
O'FARRELL. 770 — Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family.
PINE. 739—2 neatly furnished rooms, suitable
for gentlemen.
POLK. 17— Front bay-window rooms or sin-
gle; $1 to $3.
POLK, 1403 — Large bay-window sunny room;
nicely furnished.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or single rocms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny room for gentleman; upper
flat; private family; $8.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; gas: bath.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O' Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
R-SS, 127— Single sunny furnished room;
closet; H.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TAYLOR, 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
single or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 715— A lovely furnished parlor suite,
with piano; references.
TENTH. 123. near Market— 2 large Bunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping If desired.
TURK, 303 — Large bay-window front room:
newly furnished: reasonable.
SEVENTH, 160 — One large unfurnished front
room, with gits: rent $10.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth at..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109—. -<rle rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 week.
$4 MONTH: sitting and bedroom combined;
sunny: furnished. Box 2212, Call office.
ROOMS Atfß BOARD.
EDDY. 326— Rooms and board; single, $20;
Buites. $50.
EDDY, 616— Wanted young lady to room and
board, private family; reasonable.
ELEGANT sunny rooms: new house: new fur-
niture; also first-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirius,tlsos Stockton.
ELLTS. 577— Nicely furnished sunny front suite
with board for 2, 3 or 4; terms, reasonable.
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
Euite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding:, with
room. $4 to $3 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 1105 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms:
good board: nice location; new management.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
MISSION. 2009. near Sixteenth— A lady to room
and board; one away In day time; $3 50 week.
NICE room with board for 2; $38. 618 Golden
Gate aye.
PINE, 743— Sunny single rooms; excellent board;
$20 per month.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table ->oard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE Longworth, 632 Geary— Remodeled ; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny room*:
modem: newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Fubscriptlons and aiis taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED, kind home for children: careful
training; music lessons: $8 50 monthly. J.
F., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
CHILDREN boarded. $10 to $15 a month. 2134
Essex st., Peralta P. 0.. South Berkeley, CaK
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
LADY wishes children to board. 1120 Chestnut
St., Alameda.
LADY would like a child to board; a mother's
care. 12SH Ninth st.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board, near
school. 61 Clara st.
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
board: healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1725. Call Office.
AN elderly lady wtll take infants to board; a
mother's care: references 234 M, Sixth »t.
STORES TO LET.
FINE corner store, formerly occupied by a
drug store. 2904 Twenty-fourth st.
MISSION, 2946— Store, with rooms.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or, write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong. $2; cure, $5.
A SURE cure when others fall for all female
troubles; every woman her own physician;
cured at once; never fails; can be sent and
used at home; safe treatment guaranteed;
travelers helped in, a few hours; consulta-
tion free; if you ■t^nt to be treated safe and
sure call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
ppecial diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. P. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us^
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
eery case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend MRS.
DR GWYER. 226 Turk st.
LADIES Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mall; at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; pries
tl 60 RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine; no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208^4 Mission St.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom *t.. takes ladles
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
A PRIVATE home In confinement by first-
class Swedish midwife. MRS. ANDERSON,
1120 Mission st.
DR. HALL. 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS.< DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in th- United
■ States or Canada one year for t1 Ml. postae»
HORSES.
ON account of departure a well matched
young carriage team, drives singe, double,
• sorry, rockaway. buggy, harness. etc.. sad-
dle horses, saddles, etc Address Dr. W. L. .
• box 2266, Call office. ■
GOOD heavy work horses, with harness, hay
and lumber wagons: also good buggy and
horse: for sale cheap to close estate. FLAN-
• AGAN, Eighteenth and Folsom sts. . ■ ■
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
: Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
40 HORC-S for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
• . nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN Branch office of Th« Ca...
■■ Subscriptions and want ads taken.
I ' -WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & ' SONS,
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST.,
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country.
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim.
Best Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams, Landaus. Carts
■ and Buggies. Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new and ' second-hand . carriages—
Coupe. $50: surrey, $S5; village cart, $40: sulky
cart $35: top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash.
Bull's. Head Repository, 15th and Valencia sts.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
NBW peddler's wagon, light delivery wagon,
light buergy. 1370 Turk st.
SFTCCIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to • any ; address ■In ' the ; United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. pcetaes
-•■free.- ■■■ ■ - ; — '"■■ -■•■ ■■ ;■: - ■ ■■■ - " ;
PASTURAGE.
WANTED- About 75 head of cattle on ahares;
fine green feed. Address K. L. NEVINB, 723
Market ;>t.. room 7, San Francisco, or 61»
Seventeenth st.,. Oakland.
1314
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALTHS BuslnesT~College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, Bhorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; lliX)
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market »t. ;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month-
UN IVERS IT V coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
r.r. Channlcs gay. Berkeley; write for circulr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve :
est lSf,4. VAN DER NAILLEN, MS Market.
ENGLISH, Latin, mathematics, literature, a
specialty. h.. tl rs X a. m. to 12 m.. and even-
ings. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell at.
BOOKKERPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 871, 855 Market st.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by profes-
sional; terms very reasonable. Box IMS, Call.
SHORTHAND: to writ.' 100 words a minute:
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 103 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum* (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bJg.
* DENTISTS.
A~FULL~seT of teeth, Si; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. DOc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over. $1 up; all
•work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per eet: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, mis. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
«15 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale— heavy mare, harness and
buggy. Call to-day and Monday. 4028 17th st.
THOROUGHBRED Great pane pups for Bale
r.t 430 Twenty-ninth st. "
SCHOONER yacht for sale: cheap; 25-ton. 11.
BRAND. 631 Kills St. ___
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor, b>lts and
pump. H. 8. WHITE. 515 Mission at.
SMITH Premier typewriter: use for one month;
for saie cheap. 25518 Market St.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
BOILERS engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
" INTOSH &■ WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods: new. 2d hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
ofic'n furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. abov Sixth.
FOR Sale — $5 up: good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN. 13C0 Market st.
G\S fixtures very low: large assortment: I
nn:'. 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate nve.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. V.
GRAPHOPHONES. fit); Records, $5 per do«. :
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay Ft.
BARS, showcases, counts, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
■IS LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT I^-W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 7.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson; 32 hours from Cres-
cent City.
Stmr Homer. Jessen. — hours from Newport
and way ports.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. "■.-.'■■_
NEW YORK— Arrived May. Stmr La Tour-
alne, from Havre.
Sailed May 7— Stmr Victoria, for London;
etmr Massachusetts, for London; stmr La
Bourgogne, for Havre; stmr Werkendam, for
Rotterdam; stmr Fulda, for Kales; stmr Lu-
cania, for Liverpool; stmr Phoenicia, for Ham-
burg.
HAVRE— Sailed May 7— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May Stmr Georgic,
from New YorK.
Sailed May — Stmr Campania, for New York.
HAMBURG— May 7— Stm Fuerst Bis-
marck, from New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed May 7— Stmr Alsatla, for
New York.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted marriage
licenses yesterday:
Oliver T. Cox to Kntherlne Freusch. 24-21.
Rufus A. Clay to Lea Greset, 24-24.
John P. Johnson to Annie Carlson, 29-24.
Carl E. E. Petersen to Mary Hoffmann, 48-29.
J. F. Mllllgan to Rlrdie 8. Carpenter, 2S-23.
William A. yon Staden to Lena Glos, 21-16.
C. R. Sullivan to Catherine Donovan, 25-17.
Otto L. Mueller to Ella Hinze, 27-22.
Manuel Phillips to Rosalie Goslinsky, 2S-21.
James A. McKen to Bell A. Keith. 27-19.
A'en2'-1 Nji-k-l M Ani'-lia Trapp. 40-33.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
BORJf.
BRAUN— In Oakland, May 2, IS9B, to the wife
of L. E. Braun. a daughter.
CORDES— In this city. May 2. 1888, to the wife
of Herman J. Conies, a daughter.
FITZPATRICK— ApriI 2". 1898, to the wife of
J. E. Fitzpatriek, a p.;n.
GARTLAND--ln this city. April 24, 1898. to the
wife of Patrick J. Gartland, a son.
HENRY— In this city, April 2S, IS9B, to the
wife of William P. Henry, a daughter.
JACKSON— In this city. May 7, 1898, to the
wife of John Jackson, a daughter.
JENNINGS -- I:i Sutter Creek, April 81, 1898, to
the wife of William Jennings, a daughter.
LEDGETT— In Oakland, May 4. 1898, to the
Wife of John W. Ledjpett, a son.
McADAMS— In this city, April 8, 1898, to the
wife of James McAdams, a b in.
PETERSON— In Alameda, May 3. 189 S. to the
wile cf J. Peterson, a son.
ROBINSON— In Hollister. April 29. 1898, to the
Wife Of W. F. Rcbinson. a" daughter.
RUSSELL— In San Jose, CsX, May i, iS9B, to
the wife of Bagane T. Russell, a son.
BKELLINGER— In this city. April 20, IS9S, to
the wife of Fred C. SkelUnger, a son.
WALCOTT— In this city. May 3. 1898, to the
wife of Thomas J. Walcott, a son.
WAINWRIGHT-In thisvclty, April 23. IS9S, to
the wife of H. H. Wainvrißht. a daughter.
WICKSTROM— In this city. May 5, 1^99, to the
wife of Lawrence Wlckstrom, a son.
WHXOAM— Ia Hollister. Cal.. May 4, 1898, to
the wife ot Profes.-or W. E. Whigam, a son.
WINN-In Hollister, May 1, IS9S, to the wife
of Walter Wlnn. a son.
ZARETZKY— ApriI 23, 18S8, to the wife of Wil-
liam Zaretzky, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERNARDIS— SOLARI— In Sutter Creek. April
00, 1898, by the Rev. Father Moloney, A. H.
Bernardls and. Matilda Solari.
CARROLL— McLATCHIR— In Randsburg, May
1. IS9B. by Justice of the • Peace E. B. Magin-
nis, J. P. Carroll and Mrs. Mary McLatchir,
both of Randsburg;. Cal.
PRATER— In San Benlto, Cal..
May. 4. IMS, by Judge F. R. Meyer.; Robert
Prater and Hattie Johnson.
WOOD— OIL.LICK— In this city, May 4. IS9B, at
- St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. : Father
Mulligan, E. M. Wood of Quartz Mountain
' and Julia A. . GHlick of ; Volcano, Amador
I County. ,' ': /.--, •■-.'-.■• .■-..'.: '. - ■' . -..■"-
. . DIED ;.,. .-"'
Baldwin. Mrs. Mary Murphy, Mrs. Mary
Bouquet, John J. Nesfleld, David W.
Braley, Andrew M. ;.■ Ohnimus. Louis ;' -",-••
Burns, Mary E. O'Neill, Thomas . .
•Bury, lizzie A.'; Pickett. Mary S. : - :
Charles, Herrmann Roach. Patrick
Collins. Patrick Schwartz, Nicholas
Collins. Sarah I. Shea. Mrs. rillza
Cunningham Barbara Small. Mrs. S. R.
Puc-kett, Edward Smith. Mary L.
Egan. John F. Smith, Martin O.
Fitz Gerald. John C. Speddy. Evelyn C.
Fontenrose, Mrs. M. Sullivan, Hannah
Gigon. Gabriel F. Tait. William
Hallahan. Thomas Thackeray. William
Halter, John Thlle, Augusta
Hannigan, John Thompson, Andrew
Hayes, Margaret Tobin. Catherine
Johnson, Theodore Walker, Joseph M.
Kenny, Margaret Wohltmann. Claus
Kroeger. William G. Worth. William H.
BALDWIN— In Sutter Creek, April 29. 1898,
Mrs. Mary Frances Baldwin, aged 29 years
and 7 months.
BOUQUET-In this city. May 6./ IS9S. John
Jules, beloved husband of Virginia Bouquet,
a native of France, aged 84 years 11 months
and 4 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1305 Dupont street.
BRALEY-In Alameda. May 7. IS9S, Andrew
M. Braley, a native of Massachusetts, aged
76 years and 9 months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitr-d to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 10, ISSB. at 2 o'clock, from 1017 Pierce
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city. May 6, IS9B. Mary E.,
beloved wife of theAlate Patrick D. Burns,
and mother of Annie E., Tessie C, Thomas
P. and Frank E. Burns and Mrs. Mary J.
Breen. a native of County Sligo, Ireland.
C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 319 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private, Holy Cross Cemetery' by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Kindly omit flowers.
BURY— m this city, May 6, IS9B, Lizzie Angus,
beloved daughter of John T. and the late
Jennie Bury, beloved granddaughter of Mary
A. and the late James McCombe, and sister
of George, Benjamin and James Bury, aged
IS years and S months.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dencts 1201 Union street. Interment Masonic
Cemeter> - .
CHARLES— In this city, May 7. 189S, Herrman,
beloved husband of Rosa Charles, and father
of Mrs. H. Davidson and Morris Charles, a
na-tlve of Prussia, aged 52 years.
COLLINS— In this city. May 6, IS9B, Patrick
Collins, beloved uncle of Dennis McCarthy,
Mrs. Timothy and Mrs. James Nyhan, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilmakaby, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 46 years.
IC^Frl^nds and acquaintances are reFp°ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
01 J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
liiirh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of' his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. May 7, 1898. Sarah
Irene, beloved twin daughter of John and
Sarah Collins, a native of San Francisco,
aj;ed 6 yi'ars and 9 months.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondavi, nt 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of lipt parents. 126 Castro street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In Campo Seco. Calaveras
bounty. May 3. IS9S, Barbara Cunningham
(nee Faber), dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Christian Borger. a native of Alsace, aged
79 years. (Algiers. La., papers please copy.)
DUCKETT— In this city, May 6, 1898. Edward.
dearly beloved husband of Julia Duckett. and
lather of Florence Duckett. a native of Eng-
land, aged nf years G months and 8 days.
tTTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundayi. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3 r Sl Twentieth street, corner of Lex- ]
Ingt in avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme- j
tery.
EGAN— In this city. May 7. IMS. John Fran-
cis, infant son of John and Man' Ellen Egan.
a native of San Francisco, aged j months and
7 days.
FITZ GERALD— In this city, May 7, 1898, John
C. beloved husband of Eva Medora Fitz
•Jerald, and son-in-law of the late W. W.
Main, a native of Brooklyn. N. Y. (New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
CyFriendr are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs.
M. T. Main, 911 Oak street. Interment pri-
vate.
FONTENROSE— In Sutter Creek. April 30,
189$. Mr?. Mary Fontenrose. aged 78 years.
GIGON— In this city. May 7, IS9B. Gabriel F.
R. Gigon. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months and 10 days.
HALLAHAN —In Oakland. May 6. IS9B.
Thomas, beloved husband of Rose Hallahan.
and brother of Mary' C, George, Andrew
and James HaHahan, a native of Utica, N.
V.. aged 47 years.
HALTER— In this city. May 6. 1898. John, be-
loved husband of Mamie Halter, a native of
Cohar.sey, N. J.. aged 26 years. (Salem. X.
J., papers please copy.)
CT^Fri^nd" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1033 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAXXIGAX— In Oakland, May 6, 1838. John,
beloved husband of Ellen Hannigan. and
fathor of the Re\ f . J. B. Hannigan, the late
Brother Ulpian, Sister M. Dominica and Tes-
sle. John, Willie and Mary Hannijran. a
native of County Sligo. Ireland, aged 64 years
and 2 months.
tv~TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrnw
(Monday), from Sacred Heart Church.
Fortieth and Grove streets, where a bolerun
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private, St. Mary's Cemetery. OaJt-
land.
HAVES— In this city. May 6, 189 S. Margaret
Hayes, beloved mother of Mrs. J. F. Mur-
phy, Mrs. M. Morrlsey and Mrs. H. Dono-
van, a native of the parish of Killarney,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 90 years.
CyFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. J. F. Murphy,
3T>l Jepsie street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will b»>
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 6. IS9B, Theodore
Johnson, a native of Denmark, aged 62
years.
{C 7 Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
KENNY— In this city. May 6. 1898, Margaret
Kenny, beloved daughter of Ann and the late
Edward McKittrick, and mother of James,
Louis and Henry Kenny, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.
CTFYiends and ncquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 143H Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, whore a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her eoul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KROEGER— In thlp city. May 6, 1898. Wil-
liam G., dearly beloved husband of Hermlne
Kroeger. and father of Fred E. Kroeger, a
native of Germany, aged 55 years.
MURPHY— In this city, May 5, 1898, Mrs. Mary
Murphy, sister of Alice and Nellie McGrath.
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
30 years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraJ this day
(Sunday), at. 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
NESFIELD— In Fresno. May 6, 1898, David W.
C.* Nesfield, a native of England, aged 54
years.
(nXFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow 'Monday), from
the family residence, IT>2l Pacific avenue,
thence to St. Brlgld's Church, where, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repoae of his soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
OHNIMUS— In this city. May 6. 1898. Louis,
beloved husband of Elizabeth, and lather of
Louis J., Charles, the late Henry, John G.
and George Ohnimus and Mrs. N. Cuslck.
a native of Baden, aged 68 years.
|EF"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors nf
the Goiden Gate Undertaking Company. 2423
Mission street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery-.
O. C. F. — To the officers and members of Em-
pire Council No. 47, Order of Chosen Friends:
You are hereby notified to meet at 2429 Mis-
sion Mrect. this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late friend. Louis Ohnimus.
ED J. SCHULER, Councilor.
JAMES JORDAN. Secretary.
O'NEILL— In this city. May 7, 1898, Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Mary O Nelll, and
beloved fathor of William R.. Thomas J.,
Annie B. and Henrietta H. O'Neill, a na-
tive of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 62
years.
PICKETT— In Klngman, Ariz., May 7. 1898.
Mary Stuart Pickett. daughter of Ellen M.
and the- late C. V. Stuart.
ROACH— In Oakland. May 7, 1898. Patrick, be-
loved uncle of Patrick Roach, a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged SO years.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. May 6. 189$. Nicho-
las J.. beloved husband of Isabella Schwartz,
and father of Gertrude and rfarry Schwartz,
n native of New York, aged 49 years.
SHEA— In Oakland. May 6. IS9&, Mrs. Eliza
Bhea, a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged
1?. years 4 months and 11 days.
SMa'lli -In Golden Gate. May 5. 18<»S. Mrs
S. K. Small, beloved father of Mrs. P. Cahili.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years and
5 months.
[CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
»this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the
rs'dence of Mr. P. Cahili, Sutter street,
Golden Gate.
SMITH— In this city. May 5. IK9B, Mary L.
Smith and Frank L. Smith (member of Aber-
deen I>"lge No. 30, A. O. U. W., Aberdeen
South Dakota), a native of Bohemia, aged
So years.
CiT Friends and acquaintances and all mem-
bers of A. O. U. W.. are respectfully invited
to attend the funerals this day (Sunday), at
2:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of H.
C. Porter & Co.. 122 Eddy street, under the
auspices of Burns Lodge No. BS. A. O. U. W.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, May 7. 1898. M.artln 0..
THE SAST FRAKCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
beloved husband of Mary C. Smith, and
father of Grant W. and Jay M. Smith and
Mrs J. L. Jackson of Saglnaw, Mich... a na-
tive of New York, aged 69 years 2 months and
11 days.
crFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday). at 10:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son. Grant W. Smith. 4148
Twenty-fourth street. Interment private.
SPEDDY— In this city. May 5. I*9S. Evelyn
Cummings. wife of Alexander Speddy, ana
Bieter of Mrs. Dr. J. Albert Noble and John
N. Sherburne, a native of Fort Lancaster.
Texas.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Trinity
Church", corner Bush and Gough streets. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 6, 1898. Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late Timothy Sulli-
van, a native of Kllcrohen, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of"McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where services will
be held for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
TAIT— Gone to his rest, in this city. May 7.
IS9B. William Talt, beloved son of Mrs. For-
man. and brother of George Tait. Mrs. W.
Moffatt, the late John Tait and Mrs. R.
Fortle, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years.
tn7"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late home.
2902 Sixteenth street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery-
THACKERAY— In this city. May 5, 185)8, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Milisla Thackeray,
a native of England, aged 60 years.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are -espect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the auspices
of Unity Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.. corner
of Sixteenth and Valencia streets. Remains
at the parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U.
W.: Brethren will assemble at Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Sixteenth and Valencia streets,
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother, William
Thackeray. W. V. FRANCIS. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
THILE— In this city. May 7, 1898. Augusta, be-
loved wife of August Thlle, and mother of
Lizzie and E. J. Serna, a native of Mexico,
aged 59 years.
THOMPSON— In this city, at Ocean View, May
6, ISOB. Andrew W.. beloved son of Jacob and
Hannah Thompson, and grandson of Han-
nah Cauley, a native of West Berkeley, Oak-
land, ased l year 7 months and 13 days.
tn?"FriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 257 Uroad street, Ocean View. In-
tormrnt Holy Cross Cemetery-
TOBIN— In the City and County Hospital, May
6. I^BS, Catherine Tobin, a native of Ireland,
aped 63 years.
WALKER — To the officers and members of
Empire Council No. 47, Order of Chosen
Friends: You are hereby notified to meet
at hall. 20 Kddy street, to-morrow (Monday),
at 9 o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late friend. Jospph M.
Walker. EDWARD J. SCHUL.ER.
JAMES JORDAN. Secretary. Councilor.
WOHLTMANN— In this city. May C, 189 S.
riaus. dearly beloved husband of Emma
Wohltmann. father of Lillie. Rosle, Annie,
Willie, Tillie and Freddie Wohltmann, and
brother of Mrs. M. MattfekU, Mrs. A. Reim-
prs and Herrman and the late John D.
" Wohltmann. a native of Germany, aped 44
y»ars 1 month and 24 day?-. A member of
Magnolia Lodse No. 41. A. O. U. W.
(tiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 25 Isis street, between Twelfth nnd
Thirteenth, Folsom and Harrison. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WORTH— In this city, at 33d Oak street. May 5,
IS9B. William H.. beloved husband of Mary
A. Worth, and brother of Mrs. Ella J.
Chamberlain, a native of Troy. N. V., aged
69 years. (Troy and Albany, N. V., papers
please copy.) ,
(rxFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday).
at '-' o'clock, at Mirslnn Masonic Temple, 2866
Mission street, under the auspices of Mission
Lode* No. Ifi9. F. and A. M. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, B
FUNERAL DIRECTORS EMBALMER3 I
FUNERAL Dir.ECTORS & EMBALMER3 J
to FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln Sch»«l. g
Telephone, South 80. |
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEK3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
Estab. ISSS Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for lbs us*
of oui patron*. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
HOTEL ARRIVAL^,
PALACE HOTEL.
F Short, Fresno Isabella Urquahart, NT
G Gillesple. Denver C Carpenter, Oliio
F D Weeks. Denver E A Fisher. N J
F R Shunk. D S A Mrs Fisher. N J
L Kaiser, Illinois H VerhoefT. Germany
J Milbank. London D Mann. Liverpool
G Williams. S Africa C Woodbury. Chicago
F M Blglen. N V F ("ancle, 8 Jose
Dr Pace, Tularc C A Hall. 8 Jos*.
J Bicknell, L Ang F W Eaton. S Mateo
Mrs Bicknell. L An* C Dunlnp, Stanford
Mrs Wallace, Tacoma C Duni'iy, Stanford
Miss Wallace, Tacomt* A B Cohen. St Jo»
Miss Moore. N J Col Trevelyan, Fresno
F Bullock. Chicago B F Follett. Colo
W H Ryan. N V Mrs Follett. Colo
E A Clark, Boston J Richards, S Barbara
J Chauslor, L Ang I) Family, Cal
Mrs Glass, Mare Isl P Evans. Vancouver
A Burrage, Boston Mrs Evans, Vancouver
Mrs Burrage, Boston R A Graham, Oregon
A Burrage Jr. Boston W Mackintosh, Portlnd
F Burrage, Boston E S Payson, Boston
R Burrage, Boston G F Kleinberger, N V
Miss Burrage, Boston U Stahl. N V
Mrs Haskell. Boston G B Holtam. Phila
Miss Haskell. Boston J D Boggs, Nevada
H Lewis, Boston R G Brown, Bodle
N Bowen, S Jose N T Smith. S Carlos
F Johnson. S Rafael J L Rcqua, Piedmont
J E Pitts, Cal Mrs Requa, Piedmont
F II Harris, N* J C A Dolph. N V
Mrs Harris, N J A Hazelton. N V
Dr Mott, Berlin Dr Taylor, Llvermore
C Thompson. L Ang Miss L Ix>ring, Moss
S B Johnson. Nevada Miss A Lorlng, Mass
B Jerome, Stanford Mrs Wilson, L Ang
S Rucker, S Jose Mrs Hole. L Ang
W A Bowden. S Jose H W Kern, Pa
A H Bragg. S Jose H P Goodman. Napa
W Moir. S Jose H Brown, Napa
G McAnnery, S Jose R Carlton. Stanford
J Farraher. Yreka J Heinenz. Pa
C E Lo.-ke. Chicago Mrs Su-bhlns. N V
M S Marks. N V Mrs Peters, Wash
R E Pierce. S Jose 0 U Piper. Seattle
O Llpi'inentt, L Ang C A Piper, Portland
W Rash. Rait Lake J. A Porter. Colorado
J E Martin, L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
J Mansfield. Cal |W Garllck. Cal
J T Brown, Cal L J Hatch, N V
J D Bradley, Merced L Grant. Salinas
J C Prewett. Saeto E C Hart, Sacto
G Lingo. Cal Mrs Peters, Wash
J Mc<^all. Nevada A Robertson, Benicla
J V Ellis. S Rafael Dr Rowell Cai
A L Hubbard. Oakland H P Burrs. Cal
C B Overacker. Niles G A Gray,' Berlin
H Gerber. Sacto F E Smith. S Jose
M Williams, Salinas J Zomansky, Sacto
J A Munroe. S Mateo G A Wiley, Pt Costa
T D Connelly, Cal C Gertr.nge. L Gatos
B Herrlngton, S Jose G Mansfield, Cal
M Duffy. Lodl H J Curry, Martinez
W Lawlor. S Rafael W Kelly. Seattle
C X MoKenzie, Cal C Hampton. Marysville
J Ross, Antloch J w.ird. Elsinorc
O Whitney, Antioch C Gllijer & f, fal
A Anderson, Cal W Hellbron, N V
E Brandon. Petaluma Miss Clark. Eureka
T Sutton, Petaluma W McKay, Oakland
W Mullenvey, Sacto D A Lamb, S Mateo
M Kerra. Port Costa J Kenefick. Sarto
A Norris. Woodland D C Weighs. Sacto
G W Forbes, S Jose W Nichols & w, Cal
L Kpirelli. S Jose W Stafford, Callstoga
J Splrelll. S Jose G Ruggles. Ventura.
H Iller & tv. S Jose R Cerf, Ventura
Mrs Heintzelman. Sac J M Wright, Sacto
S J Small. Saoto C H Cummlngs. Sacto
S B Kingsberry, Cal X I* Mahl. Sacto
A T Wade. Oakland J Beckman, Yuba
J Daynn & w, Palo A J Elliott. Chicago
W H Palmer. Detroit C Maze & f. Chicago
H Briggs. Salinas Mrs Huprhes. L Ang
C Bnggs, Salinas Miss Hughes. L Ann
W B Frite. S Jose Mrs Dana &- d. Yum«
B Welch. Sacto v Sexsmlth&w, Yurna
L Bradley, Nevada iS Newell. Stockton
H Ptillman, Sacto |G Kennedy. Llvermort
T MrKenzie. Denver jC Hay<lerk&w. S Jose
J Jalet & w, S Josh Miss Miller. S Jo»»
M Campbell&w, S Jose ID Henklr-. Stockton
F Alner, S Jose A McDonald, Stockton
J Agler, Oakland R R Tufrey, Stockton
W S Palmer, Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T H Drew. U S N P Parker. Llvermore
A W Brooks, U S N G Foster. N V
S Kildreth & w, Oakld A C Wrenn. Cal
W Spooner, Oakland Mrs Thompson, Napa
D • Clausen, Oakland Misp Jaokson. S Jose
J Miner. S Jose T Allen. L Ang
H Dobson, Dawson T T Hall. L Ang
J Threadwell, S Jose M Friedman. St Louis
A McDonald, Stockton X Morgan. Cal
J Mstthews. Salinas I. Herns, St Louis
E G Gilbert. S Jose E Miller & w. St Louis
F H Chase, S Jose W D Davis. Franklin
G Farre!l, S Jose E T Sterling, S Jose
F Sprague. Vallejo W J Edwards. S Jose
W Outwaters, Cal A J Frank, Boston
C Andefson, Cal Mrs Grant. S Rafael
R Quinn, Watsonvllle W George, L Ang
D Kaufman. St Louis T E Coney. Merced
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W E Brooks, Stockton j C M Snow, Monterey
C C King. Sacto !J Bardwell, San Mateo
S C Hall & w, Oakdalej Mrs J Vellmer. Cal
E E Purcell. Reedley J Hart, Australia
W Hollenbeck. Cal H Ames, Australia
C Munroe. San Jose Mrs Jordan, Stockton
F W Delhi, Cal J H Coffins, Portland
J F Moffitt. Niles A T Holden, Spokane
E E Griffin. Sacto R Ludwig, Vienna
J W Elias, Vallejo I Mrs J Thompson, Cal
ACCUSED OF
NEGLECTING
HER DUTIES
Charges to Be Pre
ferred Against the
Matron.
Children Turned Over
to Abandoned
Women.
Locked Up in a Cell With
Them Owing to Her
Absence.
THE POLICE INDIGNANT.
They Threaten to Ask the Board of
Supervisors to Dismiss
Her.
Serious charges will be preferred
against Mrs. Walsh, matron of the City
Prison, to-day. She is accused of neglect
ing her duties, frequently remaining away
from the prison for hours at a time. Re
cently a number of complaints have
reached the ears of the Supervisors about
the manner in which she neglected her
duties.
It is claimed that on several occasions
women charged with crimes have been !
forced to take care of lost children on j
account of the absence of the matron.
Last night a two-year-old child named ;
Mabel Johnson, living at 17% Octavia |
street, strayed away from home and was
picked up by a policeman.
Not knowing where she lived, the of
ficer took her to the City Prison. She
was taken into the matron's room, but
as Mrs. Walßh was not to be found the
desk sergeant was forced to turn the in
nocent child over to Mrs. Ella Yander
berg, who is confined in the City Prison
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. The woman tenderly cared for j
the child until its mother arrived several |
hours later. She was indignant when I
she heard that her offspring had been j
placed in the charge of a woman accused ;
of a crime.
Mrs. Walsh returned to the prison
shortly after 11 o'clock. She explained
that she had been called away on busi
ness and forgot to tell the sergeant
where she could be found. As this is not
the first complaint that ..as been made
against her the police intend to call the
attention of the Supervisors to her seem- ;
ing dereliction of duty.
Desk Sergeant Brown last night made a
written report of the absence of the ma
tron, also stating that he was compelled
to enlist the services of Mrs. Vanderberg
to take care of the lost child.
A. short time ago a three-year-old boy
who strayed away from home was pick
ed up by a police officer and taken to the [
City Prison. Notwithstanding that Mrs.
Walsh should have been on duty,
she was not there, and the prison offi
cials were forced to place the child in the
cell occupied by women charged with va
rious crimes. They cared for him until (
his mother arrived, when the boy wat*
turned over to her.
The police are indignant over what they
term the negligence of Mrs. Walsh, and
will to-day file charges against her with
the Supervisors.
Mrs. Wal.«h was appointed to the nosl
tion of matron to the City Prison about
two months ago. Mrs. Gilmore was her
predecessor. The latter was dismissed to
make room for the woman who is now
charged with neglect of duty.
C. P. HUNTINGTON
DINES HIS MEN
Elaborate Banquet to the Of
ficials of the Big West
ern Roads.
The Southern Pacific Magnate Com
pliments Hia Guests but Hints
of a Messago.
The Colton mansion was ablaze with
lights last evening, the occasion being I
a banquet given by President Collls P. i
Huntington to the heads of departments
and friends of the corporation of which
he is the head. Oratory was a feature of
the evening, and the speeches were greet- ;
ed with applause. The rooms were beauti- j
fully decorated with cut- flowers and |
palms.
Seated around the horseshoe table, the '
110 guests of the great railroad magnate
discussed the following menu:
Following was the menu:
' Blue Point oysters, half-shell on Ice.
Bisque of Ecrevlsses.
Consomme a la Printanier.
Filet of sole a la Normandle.
Duchess potatoes.
Terrapin a la Maryland.
Filet of beef, sauce Bernatse.
Artichokes, sauce Perigieux.
Supreme of : Chicken.
Asparagus, Hollandalse sauce. ■ -
Roman Punch.
Squabs on toast, fresh mushroom saute. •
:.'?•'.• If.V; .' Chiffonade salad.
DESSERT.
Vanilla Ice Cream. Plombiere Ice Cream.
Fresh Strawberries.
• Assorted Cakes.
Almonds. Pecans.
Coffee.
Mr. Huntinton was introduced by W. H.
Mills, who presided in the place of Presi
dent I. L. Requa of the Central Pacific,
who was troubled with a severe cold, and
in the course of his remarks paid a tri
bute of .respect to those who were with
them last year, but who have died in the
meantime. He alluded to Richard Gray,
Charles F. Sinurr, A. D. . Wilder and J.
J. Schriveley. He also referred ' to 'i the
gratification it gave him to see the men
together and referred to the high state
of discipline of the force, to the congenial
and harmonious relation between the ex
ecutive department and the heads of de
partments and the harmony between the
heads of the deartment and those under
their direction. :■-■■■■■■■
He said he. would print a statement
and send it to each of the guests of the
evening,, which would ; more , fully set
forth matters v, :.ich he desired to commu
nicate. : \ :>'';■■:■■:':." • ■ ?\i ■" ~ ■■■--■•.
Toastmaster Irving M. Scott then clev
erly introduced Mr. Mills, who spoke- on
"Railroads and War." The theme was
some . contrasts and - parallels between
railroads as creative agencies and war as
• a destructive agency.'. He called attention
to the defenses of this coast by. the line
of the Southern Pacific Company from
Portland to New Orleans, and showed
that the railroad absolved the country
from the : employment ; of from one ; hun
dred to two. hundred .thousand men to
protect the coast and borders in the event
of war by the facility by which ■ forces
i could 'be moved from one point ; to an
other. ; He declared that it was the patri
otic duty of . every American to ■. stand by
his country, right: or wrong. r -:-^t.j
Toastmapter Scott f introduced ' the * fol
lowing ; speakers, who ably ' : spoke on ; in
teresting topics: "Evolution -tin.:: Train
Service." W. V. - Stafford ; - "Moral and
Material ' Aspects '-X of , Street : Railway
Transportation.'". E. P. : Vining; "Some
Aspects of the Struggle." G. W. Fletcher;
"Dewey's : Fleet and the Ships We Used
to ; Fight With," W. '• H. L. Barnes; . "Im
pressions of \an Outsider," C. .P. Eells;
"The Locomotive," F. V. Meyers; "This
Mornings March to th« Presidio," Horace
■;■.-. ■-.... ■■■- »:"•>.--■-. . .- - ..: . . ■ - ■■ ,".-.■■■
G. Platt; "The Law Department." Wil
liam F. Herrin.
Seated around the banquet board were:
C. P. Huntlngton, Irving M. Scott. W. F.
Herrin. Charles P. Eels. W. H. L. Barnes. W.
V. Stafford, G. W. Fletcher. C. J. Wilder. N.
T. Smith, Foshay Walker. J. CVB. Gunn. A.
Center. R. P. Schwerln. George E. Miles. J.
E. Foulds. E. R. Anthony. H. S. Brown. R. H.
Pratt, W. V. Huntlngton, J. L. Willcutt. H. R.
Jurtah. H. H. Lync-h. J. M. Wright, John Mas
sie. J. M. Hanford. S. T. Gage. N. K. Masten,
E. B. Ryan. G. T. Klink, J. P. Meehan, James
Agler. William Hood. Dr. T. W. Huntlngton,
D. D. Stubbs. G. W. Luce. J. A. Fillmore. F.
S. Douty. C. E. Green. J. Jordan. D. B. Fifleld,
William McKay, W. J. Hardy. J. W. Dayon.
R. A. Donaldson. E. C. Wright. B. W. Mad
dox. W. A. Cumley. T. A. Fulton. J. T.
Car-others, J. B. Dormer. J. B. Wright, H. J.
Small, T. H. Goodman. E. E. Wade. A. A.
Moore. J. D. Bicknell. E. P. Vtntng. F. V.
Meyprs. W. H. Mills. Horace G. Platt. I. L
Rr'iua, Jerome Madden. J. H. ffallte, W. S.
Palmer. E. Orrett. F. H. Mahl. W. A. Worth
ingrtnn. B. A. Worthlngton. D. R. Sessions. R.
Stevenson, Richani I>er!>>, N. H. Foster. Will
iam McKcnzle, E. A. Stevenson. K. A. White.
W. McAllister. W. M. Thompson. H. W. El;
llcott, F. B. Lake, A. B. Ford. C. H. Cum
mings, W. D. Oelt>tt<\ Dr. M. Ganlner. E. B.
Halllday. J. L. Frazier. Willian- Singer Jr..
S. R. Chappell, R. S. Culverwell. C. J. Robin
son. H. S. Lincoln. .1. H. Sharpe, G. A.
Parkyns. C. H. Smith. Gains H. Fish, M. Wal
laoh. H. W. Hauxhurst. E. H. Prentice. G. F.
Richardson. John D. Isaacs. C. H. Redington.
B. F. Tuttle. Benjamin Welch, W. B. Lu.llow,
L. M. Clement. Howard Stillmnn. E. E. Hol
ton, S. N. Bostwick. J. Horsburch Jr., A. B.
Shepard, J. Knittschnitt, H. E. Huntlngton.
STATE MINING BUREAU.
Suggestions Made as to How It Can
fie Shipped to Omaha. .
A meeting of the Omaha Exhibition
Commission was held at the office of Com
missioner General M. H. de Young yes
ter day morning:. A joint conference was
held between State Mineralogist Cooper
and Thomas Bishop, one of the trustees
of the Mining Bureau, on the question as
to whether It would be possible to take
the Mining Bureau to Omaha, and also
whether, it was possible to raise funds
and whether there was time enough to
buy and make a collection.
The conference seemed to develop Into
a continued debate with all possible solu
tions as to where the necessary money
would be procured to transport and In
stall the bureau at Omaha. Mr. de
Young stated .that if the Mining Bureau
would pack the exhibits he would agree
to provide the means for its transporta
tion and installation. It was maintained
that $20,000 placed in the treasury by the
California Commissioners to the Colum
bian Exposition could be used for the
purpose. In order to procure this money,
if possible, the commissioner general ap
pointed as tho committee to ascertain if
the money was available Thomas Bishop
and Tirey L. Ford.
STILL PILFERING
LETTER BOXES
One of the Thieves Said to Be
a Woman in Male
Attire.
Numerous Robberi-s Reported in the
Lffst Week and the Police
Are Puzzled.
The police are inclined to believe that
one of the letter-box thieves is a woman.
It is known that Chief Lees is working on
this theory and has instructed his men to
be on the lookout for a woman dressed
in male attire.
Several weeks' ago, after breaking open
at least a dozen letter-boxes and pilfer
ing their contents, a police officer saw
the two thieves drive up to a box at Mc-
Allister and Octavia streets and proceed
to open it. He cautiously approached
them, intending to place them under ar
rest. Catching a glimpse of the officer,
the thieves jumped into a cart which they
had in waiting and furiously drove away.
The policeman at once informed Captain
Wittman of the occurrence and several
officers were sent out to try to capture
the thieving pair.
In his report to Captain Wittman the
policeman who had discovered the thieves
breaking open the mail box said that the
smaller of the two was effeminate look
ing and wore an ill-fitting black suit and
a dark slouch hat. Several nights later
the effeminate-looking person was seen
tampering with a box at Hayes and La-
Kuna streets. The red-painted cart which
the thieves use was standing across the
street. In it was the tall man, appar
ently watching for the approach of the
police. The citizen who discovered the
thief at work is convinced that the cul
prit was a woman.
Last night the police were informed
that a number of mail boxes in the West
ern Addition had been broken open dur
ing the past few days and their contents
rifled. The postal authorities are greatly
exercised over the nunjerous robberies
and are doing their utmost to arrest the
culprits.
TJNITABIAN GARDEN FETE.
Brilliant and Successful Social Event
in the College Town.
BERKELEY. May 7.— The ladies of the
Berkeley Unitarian Church gave a suc
cessful garden party this evening at the
residence of E. S. Gray in the Scenic
Tract. In the afternoon an excellent
musical programme was rendered, the
following soloists taking part: Miss A.
Corcoran, Miss Alice Bacon. Miss Evelyn
Henry. Miss Olive Reed Gushing, Mrs.
Carrie Brown Dexter. Miss Georgia Cope,
Miss Alma Bergland, Mrs. James Pierce,
E. S. Gray and Mr. Wismer.
A supper served under the trees from 5
to 7 was followed by a musical pro
gramme consisting of zither, mandolin
and guitar solos and selections by the
Berkeley and Unitarian quartets. Danc
ing concluded the evenings entertain
ment.
Mrs. E. S. Gray, Miss Robinson and
Mrs. J. M. Pierce constituted the' commit
tee of arrangements. The other commit
tees were as follows:
Japanese tea booth— Mrs. W. S. Smith, Mrs.
F. C Calkins. Mrs. William Carey Jones, Miss
Mollie Pierce. Miss E. Ausustine, Miss Greta
Aupustine. Miss Belle Butler.
Ice cream— Mrs. Dr. Miner, Mrs. Bricker.
Candy— Mre. J. *B. Davis, Mrs. W. H. Pay-
son.
Lemonade— Miss Hanion. Miss Blood.
Flowers— Miss E. Carlin.
Refreshments — Mrs. Captain Gage. Mrs.
Henry, Mrs. E. S. Bunnell, Mrs. W. S. Wat
tles. Mrs. ■\Vyckoft.
Fortune-telling by palmistry. Miss Jane
Kllnk.
Brazil has 3.200,000 miles, pr is
about the area of the United States, ex
cepting Alaska.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fnTowT
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St.,
■nWTiiaMrtr* SAN FRANCISCO.
MONEY SAVED AT THE OWL.
Quinine, 1-ounce tins EOc
Quinine Pills, 2-frratn, per 100 30c
Quinine Pills. 3-gram. per 100
Phonacetin Tablets. 5-gram, per dozen 25c
Mustard Plasters, 10 in a box 2ic
Baker's Carbolic Salve, per box 25c
Compound Cathartic Pills
10c a dozen, 40c per 100
Sulphur, per pound 10c
Epsom Salts, per pound 10c
Carbolic Acid, 4-ounce bottle fSc
Baker's Little Liver Pills 25c
Citric Acid, per pound 65c
Extract Witch Hazel, per pint 25c
Baker's Cod Liver Oil 50c
Thompson's Pile Cure 50c
Klondike Medicines • • • IT PUT nifTO
Klondike Medicine- Cases A I lUi liAlLOi
ADVEETISEMENTS. ______
FOR THE APPREHENSION AND CONVICTION OF THE PARTIES
WHO COMPOSED, PRINTED AND DISTRIBUTED THE FOLLOWINQ
LIBELOUS CIRCULAR:
To Members of thje Associated Bicycle Clubs.
FELLOW RIDERS: We, the committee appointed by the Executive j
Committee to make a complete and searching investigation into the rumors j
which have recently gained circulation to the effect that the "RAMBLER" 1
bicycle, manufactured by GORMULLY & JEFFERY for the past nineteen '
years, during which time it has stood high in public favor, is now being man-
ofactnred out of inferior material and put together in a very inferior man- J
ncr, and therefore unsafe for any other than boulevard riding, make the fol- ,
lowing statement:
As the matter was depmed important to both ourselA*es and the firm of j
manufacturers whose reputation for years has been of the best, your commit- j
tee decided to make a complete investigation and give GORMULLY & JEF-
FERY every opportunity to maintain the reputation so long enjoyed by the i
"RAMBLER" wheel.
Upon our visit to the offices of GORMULLY & JEFFERY we were very i
courteously received as the representatives of the Associated Bicycle Clubs,
but upon our stating our errand and that we would like to be given the oppor-
tunity to inspect the factory and construction of the "RAMBLER" wheel, we
were very plainly told that such request could not be granted and that it was
none of our business as to how the wheel was manufactured. Mr. Jeffery
talked very persistently of his high business standing and stated that the •
"RAMBLER" had been nineteen years on the market and that the rtqnora
(which he acknowledged were in circulation) were instigated by rival manu-
facturers. We informed him that we could very easily find out whether or not i
the "RAMBLER" was a safe wheel to ride if he would give us permission to
watch the construction of a set of them, but he declined.
Our next move was to place one of our members, who is well known to
you all, In the factory as an employe in the assembling department. He made
application and secured employment in the course of a few days and thus
had an excellent opportunity to keep his eye on the building of the "RAM- '
BLER" wheel. He spent ten days in the factory and then tendered his resig- i
nation, at which the foreman expressed regret, stating that he was c-ne of the \
• best workmen in the room. x
Our report is as follows: "The 'RAMBLER' wheel of to-day in no way
compares with the 'RAMBLER' of a few years ago. Not only is the material ,
used in its construction of a poor grade, but the workmen are a very inferior
lot. Very few mechanics are employed in the factory, and none of the men «
who were with GORMULLY & JEFFERY when they made the wheel famous j
are with them to-day, on account, we are informed, of, the low wages paid.
"We therefore advise all members of the Association to let the 'RAM-
BLER' alone, as it is an unsafe wheel to- ride and will not stand road work."
This recommendation is made after a very careful study of the material
used and the methods of manufacturing the "RAMBLER," and we are as-
sured that the reports are true in fact and not instigated by jealous rivals, as ;
GORMULLY & JEFFERY assert. Respectfully,
JOHN CARLSON, OKIE M. CHESMAN, HENRY ARKSON.
Committee..
• NOTE.
FOR REFUTATION OF THESE* FALSEHOODS. AND THE CLAIM)
THAT SUCH A COMMITTEE WAS APPOINTED, WE REFER TO THE-
PRESIDENT OF ANY ASSOCIATED CYCLING CLUB IN THE U. S. A. [
GORMULLY & JEFFERY MFG. CO.,
Chicago. ]
'Dnsoorar.'Or :
/^(fhAjßßtfflasEm&ffi&b/i ~~~J™i N^ PORTATION ~ Contimied - *
I -gY->ixli'iT t%sW> i TE3«WYGffl&ffi / BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted i
* Ym,3SHnbtE9BK? / owing to lack of food: larger and just as rich
iSfflJeraWj/ V - vYvnSlSml^'v' as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 X
\ Jgr^'iftSiffl -* ICO fe?t: our r;ew modern fteamer. A)lc«
jaHJjP A\\ji\i^Sajßß Rlx. stops there pom* to UawEon City; our
'*/Jfe.' \Tk£^ySaK». hook free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224 '
4 /*/ t xT^S JE^^^JMJWEi. Montgomery Et.. opp. Russ House.
,^^ff ONION GAS ENGINE GIL
//' '. \y V^,^ GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
/j/jj? . _^___J > ' & B - products. j
TRANSPORTATION.
ALASKA-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Will Dispatch Steamer "ALBION"
From Portland. Or., fcr
ON" OR ABOUT MAY 25.
Steamer NATIONAL CITY will sail from 6*d Fran-
cisco fcr ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting with our river steamers for Daw-
Bon on or about May 21).2 1 ). For freight and pas-
sage apply 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco.
They have visiting them at the Nelsons' a Mrs. Duckworth
from Kentucky, who used to be a great sufferer from constipation.
She says she used to suffer greatly with headache too, due, no doubt,
to indigestion and constipation, and tried every kind of remedy, but
could find no relief until she began using Ripans Tabules. The very
first Tabule gave relief, "and now," she says, " headache is a stranger."
The indigestion and constipation disappeared, and she never felt
better in her life than »h« does now. She considers Ripans Tabuie*
the best medicine in the world.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & a.)
READY HOOFING, soid by all first-class deal-
era, are clean, odorless, of gr"<u strength, rea- j
ecnable In price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings- are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. 1 \-\ RAFFTNF. PAINT CO.. 118 Battery
Ft. Tel. Xn.. Main 176.1.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds. . rctlc doss. Yukon boat*. I
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits.
■team launches and stern-wheel steamers, w!t&|
boilers suitable to burn wood: Ml boats can b«|
spen nt salesroom G. W. KNKASS. 71S Third
«t 'Phone Red 23C1.c" Yvfv. ■i'-'-' t:'*.ErJ-' ."„■..' ' ■'■ 'v^^^'-r i : . ■-■■:':^'>- ■■"•^ *•;■•*"'■■,■■ ■ ■ '
First Baptist, Kdrty street. n«ar Jones.
Rer. E. A. Woods
rlst's Prayer for Us/' Even-
and See,"
Hamilton Syuure Baptist, Post street,
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
"Imitators of God/'
lessed Man."
Evening —
borch of Corpus Chiistl, Alemany
Crake streets.
Salesian Fathers '.
Holy Cross, ticott and Eddy streets.
Father McGinty
■Epistle and Gospel.
Evening —
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
and Gospel.
Evening—
St Briffld's, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
high mass. Evening— Vespers.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth
streets.
and
Father Cummings
Evening — Vesper*.
St. Dominic's. Steiner and Bush streets.
Dominican Fathers
and Gospel.
Evening —
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
"The Finding of the True Cross. "
— Vespers.
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
lorning — Golden Jubilee of Father de Mas-
mi: sermon by Father Freiden. Evening —
Sermon by Father Woods.
St. Joseph's, Tenth and Howard streets.
Father Scanlan
high mass. Evening — Ben-
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness a 1
and O'Farreli street.
Father Prendergast, V. G
Evening—)
Hannipan.
ither Prendergast will preach,
/espers and sermon by Father
St. Peter and Paul's. Filbert and D
streets.
Salesian Fathers
of the day.
Evening —
t'espens.
St. Pt-t.;r's. Alabama street, near Twent
fourth.
Secular Clergy
:le - of the day.
Evening—
St. Rose. Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
p. m.— Reception of member* of the Sodal-
ity of the Children of Mary.
at. Teresa's, Tennes«ee and Butte
Father Browne .»
Evening— Vespers
and
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly ,
Morning — Gospel.
Evening— Benediction.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
and Gospel.
Evening—
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
by Father Guibert. Even-
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue
street.
and
Rev. W. H. Moreland
[orning — Father Dolling, trained missloner
of the Church of England, will preach.
Evening — Even song service. Sermon by
Rev. W. C. Shaw.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrlsh
Ivenlng— Rev. R. R. Dolling of England
will preach and conduct a mission.
'irst Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
"Not Sl«rns but Loaves."
ar and Rumors of War."
Even-
Ing — "
West Side Christian,
Devisadero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner ,
"Hindrances."
nil "
Evening — "Sav-
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. .C. Pond i
"Many Called. Few Chosen."
— "Three Arrows or More."
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
lorning— "He That Is Not With Me Is
Against Me." Evening— "No man Can
Serve Two Masters."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
iev. Edson D. Hale will speak
and evening.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
[orning — "Loyalty." Evening — "What
Should Be the Attitude of the American
Pulpit Toward the War?"
First Congregational, Post and Mason
Rev. G. C. Adams
— 'Man's Wisdom and God's."
g— "The Weekly Rest Day a Civic
ity."
Olivet Congregational.
.\'<->e streets.
Seventeenth
and
Rev. H. T. Shepard
— "Uses and Abuses of Sensational-
Evening — "Confessing Christ."
ism.'
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Bethel African M. E.. Powell street.
Jackson.
Rev. E. Nelander
"Marvelous Kindness in a Strong
Evening— "Mutilating the Bible."
ity. 1
Rev. W. B. Anderson
[ornlng-
nace."
Life."
—The Golden Image and Fiery Fur-
Evening— "The Secret of the True
California Street Methodist Episcopal,
rnia and Broderick streets.
Rev. J. W. Phelps
Macackbo will speak on
"Japan."
Central Methodist,
Mission stroit.
nea:
Rev. C. E. Locke
lorning— Rev. E. McCllsh will speak.
Evening — "Things My Denomination Have
Accomplished."
Epworth M. E. Church, Twenty-sixth
Church streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
and evening— Rev. A. C. Bane will
: ■ M E Church, Powell and W:
t'>n streets.
■ nth Avenue M. E. Church, Fi
avenue south and P street.
Rev. W. 8. Urmy
Devotional meeting of Juniors.
Rev. II. Pearce
lorning — "The Denomination of Christian-
ity; the Presence of the Holy Spirit."
Evening— "The Principles and True Spirit
of Protestantism."
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
-Beneficence.
Evening— "Religious
fe.'
Howard Street M. E., Howard street, near
Second.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
"The Agencies of Our Warfare."
—"The Transcendent Work of
* *
- • -
Japo.nct>* M. »., 13Si> Pine street.
Mary E. Bowen. evangelist
"For Our God."
Potreru II.
streets.
E.,
Tennessee
and
Rev. D. W. Chilson ,
ne«s.'
service.
Evening —
Rn'hmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Baatty
Rev.
; — Communion service. Evening —
J. W. Renwlck will speak.
Trinity M. E. Church, Sixteenth,
ar.d Noe streets.
Rev. H. W. Peck
lorning— "While He Talked With Us by
the Way." Evening-— The second of a se-
ries on "Elijah and Ellsha, the Prophets."
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
Rev. J. Stephens
"A Woman's Grand Moment."
— "God's Idea of a Man."
Trinity Episcopal, Bush street, near Gough.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
communion.
Evening —
Litany.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and
fcer streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
"The Reticence of the Bible."
— "The Redft-med in Heaven."
Stewart Memorial V. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
W. E. Dugan
ing— "The Christian a
1st." Evening— "Victory
Photo of
Assured."
■ . • =-> V-.i ..:.-.-.,. <• '-::.■
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third
Rev. A. N. Carson
lorning— Philip A. Fisher, a young man
reared in Trinity Church and recently
licensed by the San Francisco Presbytery,
will speak. Evening — "Lord's Prayer."
, -- ,
_
Westminster Presbyterian,
Page streets.
Webster
Rev. S. S. Cryor
lornlng— "One Fatal Sin." Evening— "Is
the Bible a. Modern Book?"
Calvary Presbyterian. Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill
(ornlntr — "Thr> Last Command."
—"Mary of Bethany."
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie i
ing — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
non by Rev. E. H. Jenkins.
■
_|
Mrs. F. Richmond
p. m.— "The 144,000."
St. John's Presbyterian.
First Unitarian,
streets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebbins
are cordially invited.
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth
and
Rev. J. A. Wells
fornlng — "The Transient and the Kternal
in the Church." Evening — Mayor Phelan
will speak by Invitation on municipal
matters and the charter.
■ ■ ■
".}
Salvation Army, Market street, near
enth.
Evans
"War Against Sin."
T. M. C. A., Mawn and Ellis streets.
Miss Jessie Ackerman
j). m.— Address to a mass meeting.
First Church of Christ, Scientist. 223
tor street.
The Bible, Science and Health, with Key
to the Scriptures
"Christian Science
Metropolitan Temple, Fifth street.
Market.
Rev. P. B. Morgan
Society of Progressive Spiritualists,
and McAllister street*.
Mrs. R. S. Lillie
music by
U address by Mrs. Lillle:
: Lillle.
Theosophical Society. Market and
streets.
Lotus Circle
anniversary of the death of
.vatsky.
First Divine Science Church, N. S. G. W.
building. Mason street, near Post.
W. E. Cramer
and What Succeeds."
THE RED CROSS
CALLS FOR AID
Money for Medical Supplies
and Reading Matter for
the Boys.
Mils College Enroll* Onet Hundred
arid Twenty-Five Active
Members.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Br»adway. May 7.
The movement of the Red Cross Society
of Oakland is taking shapo. Enlistments
.ire being made and all intr-rfsted are re
quested to call at the Oakland headquar
ter? in the Ebell rooms and obtain blanks,
sign and rr-turn them. The first commit
tee to become organized and to actively
begin its work is the Rocord commit tee,
Mrs. John Russ chairman, aidrd and
'. by Dr. J. K. McLean. Mrs. Al
bert Miller, Mrs. Oscar F. Long, Mrs.
Charles L>. Pierce, Mrs. Ronald T. Glea
6'j.i Mrs. Henry Weatherbee, Mrs. Paul
Lohse, Mrs. Frances Gray. The duties of
this coi-.mittee are to obtain full data as
to the Oakland young men enlisting, their
puit-ntaKe, condition, married nr unmar
,m;!;<:;. acre, time- of enlisting, rank,
etc. This committee will have and keep
full records ;is to ••very Oakland man en
iisii'i] and as to his subsequent experi
promotlons, f -to.
Founders' day was celebrated at Mills
CoiJoge to-day and vai attended by a
large number of the alumnae. Mrs. G. D.
Abbott, president of the local organiza
tion, attended and enrolled 125 members
for the Red Cross, all anxious to do some
thing far the soldier boys.
Already this society has received $20,
donated by the Oakland Chapter of D. A.
R.. and $20 from the Ebell Society. All
large sums can be deposited with the
treasurer of the Red Cross Society of
Oakland, D. Edward Collins, California
Bank, corner Twelfth and Clay streets,
and smaller contributions will be received
by the financial secretary of the society,
Frederick B. Glnn, 670 Thirteenth street,
and these will be acknowledged Individ
ually in this paper in bulk by the treas
urer when deposited in the bank.
It is especially desired that enrollment
be properly made by any and all resi
dents of Oakland.
The financial committee has perfect
faith that when money is necessary there
will be a full and hearty response from
business men, from citizens and from all
Its people.
A special plea is made for good read
ing matter, to be delivered Monday and
Tuesday. Any one having books, maga
zines or suitable papers may leave them
at Bowman's drug store, whero they will
be taken up and sent to the Presidio at
once.
Mrs. Abbott announces to-night that
$2000 is nerrtfd at once in this city to fur
nish necppsary medical supplies and com
forts. On" great necessity is button bags
with needles, threads and buttons. These
can be made in large quantities by
school children and other union organiza
tions.
ONLY BROAD GAUGE.
No Narrow Tracks Will Be Laid on
the New Railroad Bridge.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Work on the new
bridge across the estuary that is to be
built by the Southern Pacific Company is
going on as fast as possible. The foun
dations are being laid and the super
structure, which will be of steel, is being
constructed in the East.
While the new bridge is being con
structed the narrow-gauge route is to be
changed to a broad-gauge, as it is the
desire of the company to make the Web
ster-street route more popular and to
have it share the travel with the broad
gauge. Work on the change has been in
progress for the past week, and the new
curve that is being put in to enable the
track to be diverted from Webster street
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
to Harrison is being laid of standard
gauge.
The change will probably go Into effect
next September. . -.-- . ■?
» ♦ »
BATTLED FOR CHARITY.
Large Attendance and Successful Ter
mination of the Fete Champetre.
OAKLAND, May 7.— The Arbor Villa, as
the beautiful suburban home of Mr. and
Mrs. F. M. Smith is called, was the scene
of gayety and festivities j this afternoon
that promises well for the treasury of the
Ladles' ' Relief Society and East Oakland
and Central Free Kindergarten. The at
tendance was large, and included-repre
sentatives from this city, San Francisco,
Alameda and Berkeley,. : • • -;
The battle of flowers , was the event of
the afternoon. This consisted of throwing
flowers from the verandas at the. gathered
guests on the ground. A large number of
young society ladies occupied the ' veran
das, which were banked with flowers - As
they began the attack the others returned
the fire. . Every silk hat or particularly
striking lady's millinery was the butt for
a deluge of fragrant missiles. - • -7 A
Mrs. , Smith was assisted in receivine by
the young ladies of the villa— Grace
Spinney. Miss Evaline Ellis, Miss Marian
Smith, M.sses May and Winifred Burdge
Found Dead in Bed.
ALAMEDA, May 7.— At an early hour
this morning Andrew M. Braley, an aged
man, was found dead in bed in an old
cabin on the Cohen place, where he had
lived for a long time. He was found by
William and Joseph Jenkins, who, not
seeing the old man about as usual, went
to his cabin. Braley was 76 years of age
and had lived here for twenty years. It
is supposed that death resulted from dis
ease of the heart. Relatives in San Fran
cisco were notified and took charge of the
remains.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CALLED DOWN .
A BLASPHEMER
President Kellogg Is An
noyed at an Edi
tor.
Declares an Article on God
Not Fit for Christian
Homes.
F. R. Porter Intend* to Get the Views
of Several Other College
Presidents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 7.
r. R. Porter, the publisher of tho Oak
land Record, Intends to get optnion from
tho president of several State iinlvorslt." js
refci-'.rdlng blasphemy.
Mr. Porter ha: been urged to do this by
a very short note he recelvol yesterday
firm President Martin Kellogg of tho
University of California.
President Kellogg' s note reads: "Mr. F.
R. Porter— Dear Sir: Please discontinue
sending me the Oakland Record. The ar
ticle I inclose with this I consider too
blasphemous to enter any Christian
home.
The article referred to is headed "The
Monarch of the Sun," and is as follows:
"We believe that If the sun should
cease to shine the creatures of this planet
would almost Immediately perish. Now,
the king of the sun, and therefore its
chief engineer, is a personage, we fancy,
whose name is God. What an irksome
task that potentate has, not only to keep
the sun in perfect operation, but likewise
to make this world, not to speak of other
orbs of the solar system, remain in activ
ity as the seat of grand phases, such as
the birth, career and death of human be
ings' Wherein does the sun king get
pleasure now from this globe of poisons,
diseases griefs and funerals? Years and
years ago, when the scheme was new.
then God derived mirth from the novelty
of the events characteristic of this whirl
ing mass of wonderful substances, but
ti.e show is a very familiar spectacle to
him to-day. One would think he would
be tired of the performance! One thing,
sure God deserves no bouquets for his
invention of this world's stock of disease*
and poisons. And he perpetrated a mean
joke when he decreed that the youth
should become by bodily growth and
chemical effervescence either the toUer
ing old woman or thfe tiecreplt old man.
Clearly, the monarch of the sun, what
ever may be that Individual's sex and
other personal traits, should right away
burn this planet to an ash flake or should
order that it become less a sheol and more
a heaven to every one of its transient
residents, and you and I are on th« lists!
The editor declares that his effort Is in
no wav blasphemous, and he takes Issue
with President Kellogg. He will at once
send a copy of his paper containing the
alleged blasphemy to President Jordan
of Stanford and several other heads or
universities, asking their opinion. Mr.
Porter says that his ideas of things are
no more blasphemous than, and are quite
as clever as, those of several of the pro
fessors at Berkeley who are avowed
agnostics, atheists or deists.
SOLID DELEGATION.
Such Is Advocated by the Young
Men's League.
OAKLAND. May 7.— The Young Men's
Republican League of Alameda County
passed the. following resolution last even
ing by a unanimous vote:
Whereas The Republicans of Alameda
County, by their splendid majority at the last
election, ma.!- it poMible to carry this State
f..r ■William McKinley, the honored President
of our nation; and.
Whereas It was only by strong unity of
purpose and harmony of action that thin result
was accompli? lied, thereby making Alameda
County the banner Republican county of Cali
fornia; and.
Whereas It is evident that the Republicans
of the other counties of this State will concede
the first honors of office to Alameda County,
in recognition of the important services which
this county seeks with united energy for such
reward; now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Young Men's Republican
League of Alameda County heartily favors. In
dorses and advocates sending a solid delegation
to the State convention from Alameda County
to secure to it the naming of the next Repub
lican nominee for Governor of California; and,
furthermore, be it
Resolved, That this T,eague hereby declares
its chief object in the forthcoming guber
natorial campaign to be the securing of that
high and distinguished honor for Alameda
County.
DESERTED HER HUSBAND.
Susie M. Littlefield Charged With
Living With C. A. Loughead.
OAKLAND, May 7.— l* G- Littlofield
has filed a suit for absolute divorce from
his wife, Susie M. Littlefield. He names
C. A. Loughead as co-respnndent, and
charges that on January 24 she left him
and went to live with Loughead. and has
continued to live with him ever since.
They were married in Rod Bluff ten
years ago. He Is a railroad employe,
well connected in East Oakland, where
he is living now. There are no children
nor community property.
Several months ago Mrs. Littlefield was
found nearly asphyxiated in a boarding
house. She denied ncr identity, and every
effort was made to conceal the facts in
the case. It now transpires that she and
her husband made up after this and lived
together until Loughead returned to the
city, he having lett at the time of the
asphyxiation. On his return Littlefield
alleges that she again turned to him and
deserted her husband. Hence this suit.
OPPOSED TO DELAYS.
Union League Condemns Influence
of Political Gangs.
OAKLAND, May 7.— The Union League
of Oakland met last night, and after a
discussion regarding the laxity of method
shown In the prosecution of many crimi
nal cases In this county, the following
resolution was unanimously passed;
Whereas One of the objects of the Union
Leaßue Is to secure the speedy and equitable
enforcement of law: and.
Whereas Numerous delays have frequently
occurred in this county In the prosecution of
the criminal elements: and.
Whereas These delays are commonly re
ported to be in the interests of certain dis
reputable Kangs for the purpose of secur
ing political prestige; therefore.
Resolved That the Union League hereby ex
presses Its condemnation of such methods and
urges upon* the prosecuting attorneys of the
various courts the expediency and Justice of
securing a speedy conviction and sentence of
the criminal element.
At this time, when a political campaign
is beginning to Interest politicians, the
I'nlon Leasfue resolution lias a peculiar
significance.
New Trial Jurors.
OAKLAND. May 7.— The following trial
jurors have been drawn and will appear
in court Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock:
"W Jordan, Daniel Brennan, E. Mynott,
Charles W. Wiltons. John Doulon, Samuel
Robin H. C. Conrad, Richard Moore. W.
Harvey, Benjamin Haynes. S. A. Conn,
M. Hamilton, C. J. Jacobson, P. J. Quin
lan, S. M. Sanborn, George F. Neece,
William Hobbler, J. S. Colburn. Philip
Rogers, J. B. Emerson, P. Kuhnle, M. J.
Rvan, Adam Theysohn, D. W, McLaugh
lin. S. N. Cobbledick. John Mallet, T. H.
McDonald, M. M. Knight. Joseph Davis,
S. H. Masters, H. Gehr, W. C. F. Leich
auer, E. W. Halford, B. McManus. J. S.
Gllmore, Charles L. Taber, H. Feldmann,
I. Scoville. E. Taggart, T. W. Hargraves,
D. Hussing, M. ». Smith. H. W. Dames,
Marcel Longe, Henry Ladigas, E. B.
Reader, John Leonard, M. j. Houghtoa,
Charles Bond, H. F. Eber, H. Lowrie, B.
Benedict, James Trifnmingham, Patrick
Muller, H. Detjens, H. J. Derby, Bryan
Rutley, Samuel Dinsmore, M. W. Miller,
L. P. Lusk.
LEPERS FIGHT
IN THEIR HUT
Gee Him Tries to Kill
His Friend With
an Ax.
No One Will Arrest the Vicious
Chinaman Because of
His Disease.
May Bs Kept Imprisoned In a Little
Hut for the Rest of His
Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 7.
Out at the County Infirmary are two
lept-rs. At an early hour this morning
they became imbued with the Sharkey-
Jeffries spirit and started to ntfht with
fists and a hatchet.
The lepers are kept in a little cabin
about a auarter of a mile from the in
firmary toward the hills. Ah Lock and
Gee Him have been living for months in
the shaky hut, but their life has been
one of continual quarrel. They have fre
quently fought because of their fealty
to two different tongs in San Francisco.
Some weeks ago they decided to bury
their differences and live in peace, but
this morning the truce came to An end.
Gee Him procured a hatchet, went into
the part of the hut occupied by Ah Lock
and attacked him while the latter was
asleep. Lock was struck on the head sev
eral times before he jumped up and ran
off. Gee Him followed and cut at the
man whenever he could reach him, but
finally the bleeding leper met the night
watchman of the Infirmary and was
taken Into the operating room, where
Drs. Clark and Lilly dressed his injuries.
The doctors found twenty cuts on the
victim, some of them half an inch de«p,
and others close to the jugular vein. It
is surprising to them that they were not
fatal.
Sheriff White was informed of the as
sault, but could see no way to arrest Gee
Him. The Sheriff could not brine the
leper inside the city limits, because he
would be restrained by the Health Offi
cer, so after a consultation with Health
Officer Dunn a deputy sheriff was de
tailed to mount guard over the pest
haunted rhanty in which Gee Him Is now
confined and from which he shows no
desire to escape.
The case involves many curious points.
Gee Him cannot be arrested and brought
to the County Jail, neither can he be
brought into the courts for trial. The
Sheriff says that he cannot maintain two
deputies, necessary to relieve each other,
at the shanty, and consequently there is
a possibility that Gee Him will go un
punished.
After a consultation with Judge Greene
tho Sheriff was advised to recommend to
the Supervisors that they immediately
authorize the construction of a separate
apartment in which to confine Gee Him.
Htalth Officer Dunn this afternoon served
the Sheriff with a notice that under no
conditions must the murderous leper be
brought within the city limits.
INDORSED BY TEACHERS.
Alameda County Educators in Sym
pathy With tlie Humane
Work.
OAKLAND, May 7.— At a called meeting
of the Alameda County Teachers' Benefit
Association held this morning in the High
School building the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
"We, the Alameda County Teachers'
Benefit Association, desiring to express
our full sympathy with the efforts being
made to organize Red Cross societies,
hereby appoint a committee to attend the
meetings of the Central Society and to
co-operate with that society in whatever
>. department or share of the work it may
■ assign to us."
Miss Cyrinthia P. Leet of the Durant
School was elected their representative
to attend the executive committee meet
! ings. A committee of seven was appointed
on revision of \f\ constitution. The an
nuity section elected Miss L. White to fill
.the vacancy on the retirement committee.
Attached Their Own Road.
OAKLAND. May 7.— The Realty Syndi
cate to-day had attachments served on
the East Oakland Street Railroad Com
pany to satisfy a claim of $50,000. It cov
ers the real estate at Thirteenth avenue
and East Twenty-first street, all of the
tracks, equipments, franchises, rights,
permit to construct, lay down, maintain
and operate street railroads. It is a mere
legal technicality to secure the company
and enable it to consolidaie it with the
other lines now under the name of the
Oakland Transit Company.
THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
A Dairyman Whose Cows Give Two
Kinds of Milk— The Death List.
ALAMEDA, May 7.— At the meeting of
the Board of Health la^t evening there
was a lengthy discussion over the case of
a dairyman named Gessler, whose milk
had been tested and had not given satis
factory results. It was shown that he
had two different kinds In different cans,
and that he served the best kind to his
wealthiest customers and the other kind
to the others. It was also sjijwn that
milk taken directly from the cows at
milking time gave a considerably better
rrsult than that taken from the wagons
during delivery. After considerable talk
it was decided to let the matter go over
a month, in the hope that a reconcilia
tion between samples might be effected
in the meantime.
There were thirty-three cases of con
tagious diseases during the month of
April, of which four were diphtheria and
three scarlet fever. The others were
measles and kindred diseases.
There were twenty-seven births during
April— thirteen male and fourteen female
—and there were sixteen deaths.
Chiquita One More Day.
OAKLAND. May 7. — Thousands of
school children visited Chiquita to-day
and were greatly delighted In the little
lady. Sunday is her last day here, for
on Monday she leaves for Sacramento.
No such wonder has ever been seen in
this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
Tells all.
Dr. Humphreys' Manual, 100
pages, to be found at all
Drugstores, tells all about the
treatment of disease with Dr.
Humphreys' Specifics.
A cloth bound copy in white
and gold mailed free.
"77" checks ths Grip and breaks up
Colds that ban ft on ; 25c, all druft&lsts.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
LOST HUSBAND
AND PROPERTY
Mrs. Jacobson's Demise
Followed by a
Suicide.
Not the "Widow" but "Once
the Wife" of the Ranch
Owner.
Will Not Administer the Estate for
the Benefit of Her Chil
dren.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 7.
Mrs. Theodore Jacobson was given a
decree of divorce a few months ago, but
the development of circumstances has
proved that by so doing she lost the es
tate of her late husband. Last November
the Jocobsons decided that they could no
longer live in harmony, so the wife ap
plied to the court and was granted a sep
aration.
Last month Jocobson became so de
spondent over the breaking up of his do
mestic relations that he ended his misery
on his chicken ranch at San Leandro
with the aid of a gun. A search was
made among his effects, but no will was
found, and Mrs. Jacobson, posing as the
widow of the suicide, attempted to secure
letters of administration upon the estate
on behalf of their children.
In her petition Mrs. Jacobson did not
allege that she was the "widow" of the
deceased, but she set forth that she "had
bf-i-n the wife of the deceased," and on
this plea she asked for legal permission
to administer upon the estate. The Pub
lic Administrator, in applying for letters,
asserted that Mrs. Jacobson. having been
divorced from her husband several
monthß prior to his death, had no more
claim than any purely disinterested indi
vidual to letters, as she was not the legal
guardian of the heirs, to whom the estate
naturally reverts.
Mrs. Jacobson then tried to upset the
Public Administrator's argument by ap
plying for and obtaining letters of guard
ianship over the children, and on the
strength of this move she anticipated no
trouble in securing permission to handle
the estate.
The Public Administrator, however, was
granted letters of administration upon
the ground that although xurs. Jacobson
was the guardian of the children there
was nothing in her petition for letters at
the time it was heard to show she had
acquired such jurisdiction over the heirs.
ADVIiRTISEMENTS.
sienttfrleWmen
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being- distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
■ cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
i suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
! tiite has decided to distribute free trial
j packages to ail who write. It is a home
' treatment and all men who suffer with
! any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
| cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
i themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
i effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location.- giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
i functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
! ages, will be complied with. The institute
I is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated, and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a froe sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
RAILROAD Tit A VET..
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tltarra Fmrry , Foot of Market St.
SSA.N KKANCISCO Mo HAN KAFAtll^.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I'M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-^ .OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. -
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
- 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
. 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:16,
~ 6:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San : Francisco and Schuetseo Park
same. schedule. as above. ' -
Leave . I • Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
■ April 23.
Week' I Sun- 189 S. " Sun- Week
Days. days^ Destination. ) days. Days. •
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:3J pm 6:22 pm
" Fulton, '" •"■ :. ' '■ ' ■
7:30 am Windsor, ■ 10:25 am
- Healdsburg",
.'. >, Lytton, - ',-» '
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pmj 6.22 pm
7:30 am; I Hopland andj v 10:25 am
3:30 pm|8:00 am - Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am . ■ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm : - • 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
- . ' :■ | ; and - . - ■
C:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am|8:00 am Sebastopol." 10:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm I 7:35 pmi 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Pell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Pay's, River-
elde, Lierley's, Bucknell's. Snnhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Boonevllle. Crr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bMg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pre*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
FHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows:
South-bound. North-boi>nd.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. (Excep'd. tions. Excep'd. Daily.
— i 1
7:20 ami S:00 am Stockton 8:46 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:00 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Visalia | 6:40 am|l2:4o p m
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage for Horaitos, Marlposa. etc.;
at Lankershirn with stage to and Xrom iladera,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON I AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION GO.
steamship" laurada
WILL SAIL FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
VIA ST. MICHAEL,
CONNECTING WITH NEW STEAM-HEAT-
ED ELECTRIC- LIGHTED FLEET O>
RIVER STEAMERS COL. McNAUGHT. GOV.
PINGREE, PHILIP R. LOW, A. E. FAY. B.
B GLASCOCK, NEW YORK. MICHIGAN,
WASHINGTON AND OHIO.
FOR DAWSON CITY
Yukon River Points.
THIS EXPEDITION TO THE NEW Dis-
coveries at Kotzebue Sound ■will be ac-
companied by mining experts, together wltn
experienced guides. A mining party will ac-
company this expedition and direct passenger*
to the richest claims in Alaska.
The steamship will arrive at Hotham Inlet
about June 16, which will be as early an the
How of U-e will admit navigation to Kotzebue
Sound. •
Don't be deceived by various representation*
of entering the sound before the date nam»d.
On this expedition we will allow no more
than the 6teamship's cabin capacity will
a.imit.
She will make two trips to Hotham Inlet,
leaving Hotham Inlet as late as H-pte*nber 16,
possibly as late as September 25, glviftg ample
time for those going on her first trip to locate
claims and return to San Francisco for the
winter.
Tickets for this sailing will be sold at the
very low rate of $200 per passenger, which in-
cludes 10G0 pounds of baggage or freight free.
Additional freight at a low rate. Full Informa-
tion upon application.
H M HAINES, Contracting Freight and Pas-
senger Agent. 20 Montgomery street.
H D LOMBARD it CO., 16 California street.
A E CRONENWETT. General Traffic Man-
a per. '
D. H. PTNGRFE, General Manager.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
hoi Tiir.K* I'Aiiru' t'OJII*ASI.
* Acirio mtM.) ■
rrnlfiK leitTr ami !»••«• <lti« to nrrlve »* '
MAM ntAMc;iM<!<»;
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
l«aVb — From April 23. 1393. — amiti
•oToOa San Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
7:OOa Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:OWa MarjsTille, Orovilleaud Redding fia
Woodland 5:45p
7:OO a Vae»Ttlle and Rumsey B:43p '
7:!<Oa Martinez, San Uamou, Vallejo. Napa,
Calintoga and Sauta Rosa 6:1 3p
- 8:00 a Atlantic lixpress, Og.len and Kast.. 8:43p
»iil«A Niirs. San Jone. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mao'SV'Jle, Chlco,
Tehama and He.! Itlm7 4«l»p
•»:»0* Peters. Milton, Oak dale (Jamestown
for Toseraite) «7«I8p
OiOOa New Orleans l<°.i|irc«s, Merced, Kres-
no, . r.akersQeld. Santa lUrl>ara,
J.os Angel-*, Dewing. Xl Paao,
New Orleans and K;»5t...... 6i4»p
J0:OOa Vallfjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
•ItOOp Sacramento Hirer Stemiurs «»:00r
ItOOr Nile*, Ban Jose aud Way Stations. . *»:43a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... 13a
2:OOp LiTitrmore, MendoU, iianford and
Visalia..... 4tl3p
TjTerniore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations : J»©:1» a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 12:1 3p
4:lMii> Martinw.. Han lUnton, Vallejo. ;"< -. .„ ■.-.
Napa, i'i!i t..i ( /ii, Xl Verano and
Santa Kosa »«1 »A
4iOOp Benicia, Vacavllle, Woodland,
r Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
»ill« ami Saci-uiiieiito 10:45 a
4:30p Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 Sp
4 :8 Op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 12:13r
Castle and Lodi 18: 13*
4 :»op Lathrop, Modesto. Merced. Ufrenda
(Raymond for Yoeemite), Fresno,
Mnjttve, .Santa Barbara and l.os
Aiinelrs 7i4»a
4i3Op Santa I"" Uoute. Atlantic Kxpress
: ■-•- ! for Mojave and Kant «:43p
OjOOp Kuropeiui .Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:43 a
•«:OOrVallejo... 12:l»p
6:001- Hnyuardx. Nili-fi ami Kan .lose 7:43 a
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ! J9:43»
8:00r Oregon Xl |nll.flaw■■iliHllln II. flaw ■■iliHllI Marys-
ville, HcMiiiK. roitlai.d, l'nget
Si.im.l an.l lji.it «:13a
' SAX LKAMMCO AM) lUVWAIU»S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) . '
1 ~ ] f 7:15 a
8:OOa Jlelros,-. Seminary Purk, 'TJJ'jk*'
1«. : o«a KitrlilMin?. Klmhurst, IH4»1
tll:OOA Shu Leaiiilro, South San 12:«5p
tia«ooM Ui«Af6, »tadlllo, |ijS»5
»»:6op \ Lorenzo. Cherry • • i '*'■*%*
4:00p I , t5:45p
3:00p ■■ d 0:1
.i:3op Hai irards. 2 ! 1? F
7:00p .-. • ■ ■ 8:45?
8:OOp < Runs through to Niles. ,%i?J
tt| il:0Op . Prom Ni,cs. IO:3Op
ttiltlsp^. <trrolaa " Ca - ttfl2:oof
t'OA!»TJ»I VISION (.Narroif gt>).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Satit* Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
%nd Principal Way Stations J8l«8r
8:13 a Newark. Centerville.San Jose.Felton, .
' Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
btatlons 3i30»
•2:13p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadon, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MO:SOa
4:13 San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9:20 a
<24:13 - Bolder Creek and S»dU Cruz JU:2«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/ram SUN FRIXCISCO— root of Mirket Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:1)0. 11:00 a.m. tl:09 .*2:00 |3:00 '
•4:00 tB:OO '6:00 P.M.
rromOilUilD— Not of Broadw»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
tI2:CO ■• '1:00 t2:00 '3:00 |l:00 *5:00p.h.
COAST DIVISION Jtroa.l (iauge).
(Third and Towiigend St«.)
♦7:OOa .San .Jo«u un<l \V:iy Stall. .im (New
Almadcii Wednesdays only) I|B©F
}7:30 a Sunday ExcurHion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
PrlDdpal Way Stations..... JS:3Sr
9:OOa Shu .'<«.•. Trcs l'iiuw, HaMta Crux,
Tuciiic (Irore, l'aso K..i)lfB, San
I. nts ()l>inpo, (jiiailalupe. rttirf and
rrincipiil Wuy .SUtioim -i:10f
I«:IOa San .lost) ami Wny fJUHiSi «S:OOa
ll::t»A San J<>se ami Way Station* a.... *8:33j
•a:4lsr San Mate.i, Kt-dwoml, J'.ilo Alto.
Santa Clara, Hitn .!■'•><;. Gilroy.
' liollister, Santa «.'niz, Salinas,
Monterey Mxl I'acilic l lrom ...... "IO:3.1a
*:«:3«»r San .lose ami W«y St«li..ns »9:«Oa
•Illsr San Jose and Principal Way .Stations 1»:45a
*3:<Ml San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::15 a
. 5::t(M- San Jose anil Principal Way .Stations 5:30p
«::u»l- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
}ll;l5r San Jose anil Way Stations ?l3op
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
•HunriHvs c«ce|>te<\. t Sundays only ♦ Saturdays only
I ft Monday. Thursday aud BaturiUy nights only,
/ Simian and Mondays.- a Sn'nrdnysand Sundays.
(^^^^^rCALIFORNIT
H^^^raj! LIMITED.
Sf^^Pfn i SAN FRANCISCO
iMitvmyj, Chicago.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
' Carries firft-class passengers only, but with-
i out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace : Drawing Room Sleepers, 314
j days to Chicago, AVt days to New York. .
- Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
; Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
i Oakland - office, • 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
office. 201 J street. San Jose. 7" West Santa
Clara : street, i - '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausnlito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1898.
W-EK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, "8:00.
! •9:30, 11:00 a. m.;» 1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15, •6:00,
C:3O p. ., m. ' ' .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
! Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays •at 11:30 .
,' p. m. . - • ■ ~ ■■
SUNDAYS.
I For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. »9:00,
, '10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, '1:45. '2:30, '4:00.
5:30, 6:45 p. m. ' , - .'
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
; Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ■
THROUGH TRAINS. ■■
\ 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
j 5:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.'
■ 5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. — Tomales and
' - way stations. jWlh^iin^Hi Cyi/Mn Wj,|TijjinJ|
'■■ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
j 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point J Reyes and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. "
(Via, ftaunalitu Kerry.) •
• Leave • San - Francisco, commencing -: May 1.
1898: ■:•■■■;- ■■- • ■ - - •■ ■ ■ !„ .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
I 2:30 p. m. ■
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, ■ 621 Market
' street, San Francisco. -;
1516
WILL PLAY FOR THE
CRIMSON CROSS
Humanity's Flag Will Fly Over the
Orpheum Theater on Thursday
Afternoon,
Surgical Instruments and Other Urgent Necessi
ties Furnished by the Society to the
Men Now in Camp.
The Rod Cross flag will float over the
Orpheum Theater on Thursday next.
On that day a great matinee perform
ance will be given for the benefit of the
fund to equip the California volunteers
who have been called into active ser
vice with the much needed medical and
hospital supplies. Gustav Walter, the
manager of the amusement house, has
been most generous in his offer, saying:
'"Every cent that is taken in at the box
office and from the sale of seats will
go to the fund. Not one nickel is to
be taken from it for expenses." The
house is at the disposal of the Red
Cross for that afternoon and the corps
of performers who have made the the
ater so popular have gladly supported
Mr. Walter in his offer. Every mem
ber of the company promises some spe
cialties that will make the performance
one of more than ordinary interest. The
members of the orchestra have joined
with the manager of the house and the
performers and they will gladly give
their services for the afternoon, and
oftener if required. The Orpheum peo
ple have made a generous offer and
many a soldier who goes to the front
may have reason, when in a far-off
land, to be thankful to the merry mak
ers in the popular theater for their
timely aid.
The bill for the performance, as fai
as it is made up, is an excellent one.
Isabel]'- I'rquhart, who is well known
on the legitimate stage as an exceed
ingly clever comedienne, will appear in
MANAGERS OF THE ORPHEUM.
The Red Cross Flag Will Flu Over the Popular Vaude
ville Theater on Thursday Afternoon.
a little one-act farce comedy, entitled ,
"In Durance Vile." She will be sup
ported by Wllmer and Vincent, who
are also graduates from the legitimate i
stair". The comedy is described as i
being replete with ridiculous situations •
and witty dialogue interspersed with
Bongs. A novelty feature of the bill j
will be the act by Gruet, Beers and |
Bruet, comedy acrobats. One of the i
members of the- team appears as a big i
rag doll and is thrown about the stage I
in a way that deceives the audience
up to the moment when he picks him- :
self up out of the corner, where be baa
boon thrown, and walks off the stage |
with his partners, George 11. Fielding
styles himself the Emperor i>f Comic
Jugglers. His work in the line or
juggling has been more extensively
copied and imitated by other Jugglers I
than that of any other man in the bus- I
mess. Mile. Catherina Bartho, th«
premiere danseuse, who scored such a I
success here a few weeks ago. return?*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rom With
Off 11 111 l
c
Husband Had to Undress and
Dress Wife Like a Baby.
Doctors' Medicines Drove
Her Almost Crazy.
First Application CUTICURA
Gives Perfect Ease in Five
Minutes, and a Night's
Sound Sleep.
My hands were completely covered with
Eczema, and between my fingers the skin
was perfectly raw. I had to sit with both
hands held up, and away from the fire. I could
get no ease night or day. I could not bear to
got warm, it would put me in a rage of itching.
My husband had to dress and undress me like
a baby. The best physicians' medicines gave
me no relief, and drove me almost crazy. 1
was advised to try Cuticuba Remedies, and
did so, although my husband had to go twenty
miles to get them. As soon as be got back, I
• used the Cuticpba (ointment), and/r<? min-
utes after the first application I was perfectly
' easy, and slept soundly all that night. I always
keep Cuticcha Remedies in my house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because
of their wonderfnl effect.
AGNES M. HARMS, Push. Va.
GrtEST Cubb Tbeatmbitt fob Tortfriho, Dis-
nocciKO HcyoßS, with L,o»s or Uaib. — Warm bathj
With Ccticpba SOAr.jrentle anointing with Cctiocba
(ointment), the sreat »kin cure, mild doees of Cuticoba
2s»oix*ST,gn*ttat of blood purifier* and humor cure*.
' doldthrootthoutthe world. PoTT«Bl>.*C.Coßr..Sole
*roj». / I5o«on. »- "How to Cure BTtry Humor," toe. -
for one week's engagement. She wilt
appear in international character
dances, in which she excels.
There will also be John W. Ransome,
monologue artist and impersonator,
Lizzie B. Raymond, with new songs:
Hayes and Bandy, the dancing mar
vels, and Bogert and O'Brien, the ec
centric musical specialists. Kerner's
"Visions of Art" will be an attractive
feature, and many new subjects will be
introduced.
Headquarters of the society were
'■ opened yesterday at the Claus Spreck
; els building. The rooms are on the sec
i ond floor of the building, and they will
! be open daily from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
Yesterday the ladies of the executive
i committee were in attendance nearly
! all day, and from the time the doors
; were opened the rooms were crowded
j with visitors asking for information
1 about the work of the organization and
what they could do to assist. Several
generous and welcome donations were
! handed to the treasurer and when the
day closed it was announced that about
$700 had been received for the fund. The
managers of the six big daily papers
, of the city notified the committee that
! subscription lists would be kept on the
; counters of their business offices and
that they would each aid the purposes
j of the organization all they could.
Miss Ida Kervan, the most patriotic
of San Francisco's school teachers, ad
diessed a meeting of her fellow edu
cators yesterday at the Girls' High
School. She made a spirited little taik
on the urgency of the work already
so well begun by the Red Cross So
ciety, and explained to the assembled
teachers the plan adopted at the Wash-
inpton Grammar School.
"You will find it the simplest, the
most natural thing in the world to in
terest the children in this. In fact, at
our school, for a week before we sug
gested this plan, the children had been
coming to me to beg me to go to see
the School Board and find out what
they rould do. This is not the time for
entertainments and that sort of thing-.
The need is immediate. Many teachers
to whom I have spoken agree with me
that the public school children could
and would furnish all the first aid
packets required by our soldiers who
will soon be on their way to the Philip
pines."
Miss Kervan's address was listened to
i with great interest and heartily ap
i plauded. No douht the pledge origin
ated by ihf Washington Grammar boys,
I promise to give cents every
lith while the wnr lasts to the Red
ss work, " will be adoptedvby every
;r school In the city.
Ie Berkeley Society of the Red
;s Association, and all those in sym
ly with It. will meet at the First
gregational Church of Berkeley,
ler of Dana street and Durant ave
on Sunday, May 8, at 4:30 p. m.
»ches and music will grace the
le first practical work of the Red
is Society was done last night at a
meeting of the executive committee in
the marble room of the Palace Hotel
Surgeon General Hopkins of the Cali
fornia volunteers sent word to the com
mittee that the soldiers now in camp at
the Presidio were in urgent need of
three field operating cases, nine field
operating tables, nine emergency cases
for hospital stewards and 2000 first aid
packages. The cost of the supplies were
estimated at about $800. The funds at
the disposal of the society amounted to
about $100 less than the estimate, but
it was thought that the committee
could guarantee the difference and a
resolution was unanimously adopted
empowering the surgeon general to
make the needed purchases and have
the bills sent to the Red Cross Society
The field operating cases contain com
plote sots of surgical instruments and
the two regiments as they are now in
camp are almost totally unprovided to
give aid to any of their members should
an accident occur to any of them. The
purchases will be made at once and
emergencies at present provided for.
Thore was a good attendance at the
mooting and every one present urged
the necessity of immediate work. At
tr-r.tion was called to the fact that thore
were now about 2000 men in camp nt
the Presidio who were in a few days,
possibly within a week, to b" sent to
Manila. They were totally unprovided
for emergencies in case of accident. It
was shown that the Gnvernmoi.t would
supply them with many of th« n»ed>t!
instruments and other necessaries, but
they would be inadequate in an ex>
Ime emergency. The Red Cross was
to supplant the Government, but to
Ist. The necessities for the ex'rem*
ergencies the Red Cros Society
would have to supply or let the Cali
fornia boys go to the front where they
would probably endure much suffering
which by a little forethought might be
avoided.
Systematic -work would be required,
and the work must be done qu'ckly!
Committees for soliciting subscriptions!
securing aid from the schools and (ram
the clubs and for other work necessary
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
were enlarged and suggestions given
them what lines to pursue. One opin
ion was entertained by them ali, and
that was that money was needed, and
needed at once. Estimates made by the
surgeons of the volunteers placed the
sum at about $9000, and if the purpose
of the society was to be carried out
with the greatest success it was to be
raised within the next four days.
It was announced that the six lead
ing daily papers of the city would open
subscription lists at once at their
offices, and the large stores and other
public places would be asked to do the
same thing. A vote of thanks was
unanimously tendered to the managers
of the Orpheum Theater for their gene
rous offer.
Charles L. Barrington, the president
of the School Board, announced that
the children of the schools would be
given an opportunity to aid as much
as It was in their power. He said the
rules of the School Department would
possibly be stretched to allow them to
contribute. That action cm the part of
the board might be criticized to some
extent, but under the circumstances he
thought the emergency justified it.
At the request of the society a tele
gram was sent to Colonel Otis of Los
Angeles asking him to take the initia
tive to establish some society in South
ern California that would assist the
work of the Red Cross.
44 Comfort Bags" for the
Soldiers.
BERKEI-ET, May 7.— A small army of
workers, members of the Berkeley High
School Sanitary Commission, is busy
making "comfort bags" for the soldiers
who are likely soon to leave for the Phil
ippines. Accompanying each bag will ne
a carefully prepared antiseptic bandage,
suitable for immediate use by wounded
soldiers. The "comfort bags" are intend
ed to be used for carrying trifling con
veniences for the soldier boys, and al
ready hundreds of them have been made
by the Berkeley students.
COLORS FOR THE
REGIMENTS.
Elegant Presents to Be
Made by the Chamber
of Commerce.
Several members of the Chamber of
Commerce have decided to present the
First and Seventh Regiments with regi
mental colors. The movement was start
ed by a letter from William Macdonald,
who wrote the following to Hugh Craig,
the president of the chamber:
Sir: As the Flrft Resriment of Volunte«rs
enlisted for the war Is composed pxoluslvely of
men and officers taken from the First Regi
ment Infantry. K. O. C, the only regiment of
the National Guard in this city, It has occurred
to me that It would be a patriotic and proper
thing for the Chamber of Commerce to present
to the regiment Its colors. If It is necessary
to make a collection for this purpose and the
officers of the Chamber of Commerce will un
dertake It. I shall he pleased to subscribe.
Yours very respectfully,
WII-MAM MACDOXALD.
The idea was considered to be excellent,
and in a very short time Mr. Craig and
a number of others had the project well
under way. The colors, flags, etc.. will
be forthcoming in very short order as a
token of esteem from the Chamber of
Commerce. The date of th« presentation
has not yet been set, ouv n is safe to say
that within a few days the bright new
colors will be floating at the heads of the
San Francisco and Los Angeles regi
ments.
THE CALL'S BEACON.
OAKLAND, May 7.— A bright glare in
the sky to the westward of this city to
night caused many to believe a big fire
was raging. It was soon learned that the
fire was across the bay and a little in
vestigation disclosed the fact that it was
the red tire on The Call building that was
being burned in honor of Admiral Dewey's
great victory. The air was clear on the
bay and the brilliant light could easily
be seen twenty miles. All around the bay
shore to Pinole Point the red fire and its
reflection in the aky could be seen high
above the ordinary glare of the city's
lights. From the foot of Broadway the
Bignal of victory furnished a fine display
and sent a distinct pathway of light
across the bay that united the two cities
with a silvery brilliancy.
LETTER CARRIERS MEET.
They Elect Delegates to the National
Convention.
The Golden Gate branch of the National"
Association of Letter Carriers mot last
night and elected the following delop:;ito«
to the annual convention, which is to be
held in Toledo, Ohio, commencing Sep
tember 5: James E. Clisham, R. D. Cun
ningham, D. F. Dougherty, George C.
Goe. J. C. Levey. Harry F. Logan. C. T.
McAuliffe, W. W. O'Neill, L. F. Russell,
George W. Spiller and Conrad Trlever.
The following alternates were elected: J.
F. Sullivan. W. J. I'helan. J. F. O'Connor,
J. H. Kingston, B. F. Ames, J. H. Smith,
I. Holz. ML J. Lawler, John P. West, R.
M. Roche and Carl Timm.
Died While Shopping.
OAKLAND. May 7.— Mrs. Mary Kll
bride left her home on Lydia street this
evening about 9 o'clock and ten minutes
later she was dead. She was doing some
shopping on San Pablo avenue when she
fell in a fit. and on the way to the Re
ceiving Hospital she succumbed to heart
disease. Mrs. KJlbride was 56 years of
age.
Woodbridge Canal Sale.
Next Monday morninpr at half-past 9
o'clock United States Circuit Judge Mor
row will hear and determine the matter
of the proposed sale of the property of
the Woodbridge Canal and Irrigation
Company's property.
Ladles' tailor-made putts: latest designs; wa
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 6 St 1.
USED POISON AND PISTOL
William G, Kroeger, the Well-to-Do Coffee and Suice
Merchant, Who Shot and Poisoned Himself on the
Ocean Beach,
William G. Kroeger of 2822 Bush street told his wife and son last Thurs
day evening that he was going out for a walk. He was not seen again until
yesterday noon, when his body was found on the Cliff House beach
with a revolver In his hand and a bullet wound in the head.
Sixteen years ago the deceased went into partnership with Charles F.
Thlerbach in the coffee and spice business at 306 Battery street. On March
18 of this year the partners decided that they could not agree as to the
management of the business, and the firm was dissolved, Kroeger receiv
ing $10,500 as his share of the business. Kroeger placed the money in bank
and took life easily with his wife and son Fred, the latter a man 23 years
of age.
For some time prior to the dissolution of copartnership, Kroeger and his
partner had some dispute concerning Kroeger's neglect of the business.
He did not devote that time and attention to it which was expected of him
by Mr. Thierbach, and a satisfactory arrangement not having been reached,
they agreed to dissolve the firm and Kroeger received $10,500 for his interest.
The business has been conducted since under the name of Charles F. Thler
bach & Co.
The deceased paid two or three visits to his old' partner after they sepa
rated, but he had not been near the store for several weeks.
His wife said yesterday that h« had been fidgety and out of sorts ever
since he retired from the firm, but neither she nor her son had the remotest
suspicion that he was despondent or contemplated making away with
himself. He was in good humor when he left his house last Thursday
night with the remark that he was going out for a little walk. He was not
at all financially embarrassed, for he had the greater part of the $10,500
in bank.
When the body was found yesterday a bottle half full of carbolic acid
was found lying by his side. It bore the label of Shumates' Pharmacy, cor
ner of Sutter and Devlsadero streets. On the ground near the body was
lying a pasteboard box which had contained the pistol, which was a new one
of Smith & Wesson's make and haxnmerless of 38-callber. There was also
a box of fifty cartridges, from which six and heen taken and placed in the
revolver. It was evident that the dead man had purchased the weapon
just before killing himself. Before firing the fatal shot he had swal'Owed a
large quantity of carbolic acid.
The reason why the remains were not discovered sooner was because
they were hidden by a clump of bushes nearly opposite Haggerty's resort
and north of the Life Saving Station.
An Inquest will be held.
DORAN WILL
NOT RECEIVE
HIS MONEY
Blamed for the Acci
dent at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
No One Found Who Ac
cepts the Least Re- •
sponsibility.
Those Who Were Injured in
the Crush Will Probably
Seek Compensation.
SHARKEY TALKS OUT.
Th« Usual Attachments Hays Fol
lowed—Jeffries Is Declared
to Be a Dub.
It will without doubt be a difficult
undertaking to fasten the blame for
the accident at the Mechanics' Pavilion
Friday night on any one party or par
ties. What might have been a terrible
disaster resulted fortunately In a few
bruises and fractured limbs, but peo
ple in general believe that some one
should be held accountable for those
bruises and pay damages for the In
juries sustained. All parties who were
connected in any way with the ar-
GREGGAINS "TALLIED"
SHARKEY FAIRLY OUT
Referee Alec Greggains was busy yesterday explaining why he decided
as he did and receiving the congratulations of many hundred friends who
admired his manly stand. He stated that he had warned the men before
they went into the ring that there must be a decision, as the agreement
called for one, and they both replied that that was just what they wanted.
He also told them that if one man did all the work for fifteen rounds and
in the last five the other was to make a fast finish the man who held
back would have to make a big showing to git the decision. This was also
agreed to.
"I pave a decision in favor of Jeffries, because I thought him justly en
titled to it. The fact that there was many thousands bet in the pool
rooms on Sharkey did not affect me in the least. Henry Quigg, my
brother-in-law, and my sister had money on Sharkey, as also did my best
friends, but this did not deter me. I kept tab during the progress of the
fight, and when, at the end of the twentieth round, I summed up, I could
not decide otherwise."
Mr. Greggains then produced the score card that he used during the
interesting argument, and explained his reasons for giving Jeffries a de
cision. "In the first found," he said, "both men fought evenly, and I
wrote the word 'even' under both names. Jeffries had the best of it in the
second, third and fourth. In the fifth I wrote 'even Jeffries a little," mean
ing that Jeffries had a shade the best of the round. The sixth went to
Jeffries and the seventh was an even break. I made it a point to give
Sharkey the best of it at times, and in the eierhth I wrote Sharkey. Jef
fries took the ninth, while the tenth round was about even. The eleventh
and twelfth went to Jeffries. The thirteenth was marked 'even Jeffries,'
meaning that he had a little the best of it. Jeffries did the most work
in the fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth rounds, while in the seventeenth
Sharkey improved and I marked it 'even.' In the eighteenth and nine
teenth rounds I thought Jeffries did the most work and placed his name
opposite those numbers.
"I did not mark the twentieth round, as I always tallied during the
minute's rest. "With the score before me and from my knowledge of th<>
game, I thought there was only one man in the fight and his name wa»
Jeffries. In my opinion Jeffries could have put Sharkey out had his hands
been in good condition. He had him groggy two or three times an<J
should have followed him up."
rangement of the seats or the seating
of the larfrp <—~~ fl which crushed into
the Pavilion to see Sharkey and Jef
fries punch one another, attempt to
throw the responsibility on other shoul
ders.
Gibbs and Groom, of the National
Club, regret that the accident hap
pened, but feel relieved that no fatali
ties occurred. Th^y state that all pre
cautions which any one could take were
taken by them, as they had the con
struction of the seats carefully exam
ined by members of the Fire Depart
ment, who were stated to be compet
ent judges of temporary or permanent
work. To have had a fatal accident
occur would have resulted in compli
cations hard to realize, but as the seats
were built by a contractor and then
collapsed when the audience was seat
ed the club will hold him responsible
for the accident, and. in consequence,
Contractor Doran will not be paid for
his work. He called on Mr. Groom yes
terday afternoon, but was referred to
Gibbs, and it was decided to withhold
all money due the contractor.
"We are not contractors, mechanical
engineers or judges of such a construc
tion as was built in the Pavilion for
the seating of the public who witnessed
the fight," paid Mr. Groom yesterday,
"but we had the work examined, and
after the examination and a few
changes It was passed upon and we
felt content. The accident Is a most
regretable one, but those who did the
work and passed upon it are without
doubt responsible. We did not let bids
for the work, but hired Doran, as he
is connected with the Mechanics' In
stitute, and we were well aware that
he would be given time to make a good
job of it. After figuring on the work
Doran was told to gn ahead and to
leave out fancy flourishes, but to make
the work strong and as durable as if
it would be left there for months to
come. When the work was passed on
we were of the opinion that our In
structions had been carried out. but
unfortunately they were not."
Mr. O'Shaughnessy states that he ex
amined the work, and after a few ma
terial changes had been made, passed
upon it and had watched the work
every day from Tuesday up to the
night of the fight. When he left the
building the ushers were in their places
and all made ready for the admission
of the public. "I cannot account for
the accident," he said, "but I have been
told the place was overcrowded, but
am unable to state so, as I was not in
the building after the doors were
opened."
The heads of the Fire Department
were also notified that the seats were
being built in the Pavilion by J. M.
Cumings, secretary of the Mechanics'
Institute, at the instigation of Charles
M. Plum, chairman of the' Pavilion
committee, and after that they felt
content, as they could not be held re
sponsible, as the building had been
rented to the club for the night on
which the accident occurred.
There are many in the audience who
are much more battered up than the
fighters themselves, and during the day
a string of people who were slightly
injured called on Gibbs and Groom and
were referred to the club's physician for
treatment.
Neither Sharkey nor Jeffries shows
any signs of having fought a long, hara
battle, and both were up and about yes
terday.
In all probability an investigation
will be held to account for the acci
dent which might have resulted in hun
dreds of deaths, and the only remark
able thing is that not even one unfortu
nate lover of fisticuffs did lose his
life on the eventful night which is
thought of only with a shudder. To
see a long tier of seats, filled with hu
manity, closing up like a fan and then
sink to the floor is a blood-curdling
sight, and those who were on the seats
will remember the accident for many
a day to come. All evidences of the
accident have been removed and now
preparations for the Masonic Festival
are under way in the large hall.
Yesterday afternoon Captain Witt
man made a report to the Chief of Po
lice, in which he states that at the time
the last two platforms fell neither of
them had over two-thirds of the seat
ing capacity filled and that the aisles
were clear.
The talk over town is equally divided
between the accident and the fight.
There are many who believe that the
fight should have been declared a draw,
but others agree with. Referee Greg
gains, and say that Jeffries can whip
Sharkey any mark of the road. Shar
key is chagrined over the decision, an
says that he was cheated by the referee
and that Jeffries is a dub.
Sharkey met Greggains in front of
Groom's place of business on Market
street yesterday afternoon, and the
conversation was exceedingly pointed,
but anything but complimentary.
"I tell you," said Sharkey, with his
finger under the referee's nose, "that
you will rue the day you gave the de
cision to that duffer, whom I battered
around the ring.
"Look at me without a dollar or a
scratch on me. and the other fellow
has got a purse that did not belong
to him. I will give it to you good and
hard whenever ~nd wherever I get a
chance. You threw me down hard
but no harder than I will throw you
whep the proper time comes. I did all
the fighting from start to finish and
got away without a scratch, and yet
you decided against me." At this junc
ture Sharkey was taken away by some
of his friends. It is thought by the
majority of sporting r^^je tnat G re ~_
gains acted in the way he thought best
but many criticize his judgment
Sharkey declares that he' has fought
his last fight in this cltv and that he
will not fight a return match as he
knows he can't get it ~- - states that
Jeffries is afraid to again enter the
ring with him.
Supervisor Sheehan was a witness to
the exciting scenes that occurred at the
Pavilion last night, and Is very much
disgusted thereat. In speaking about
the affair, he said: "I wish to be quot
ed as being emphatically opposed to
granting fight permits In future. I
have always been the first to vote in
favor of them, but last night's terrible
scenes have disgusted me. If the Su
pervisors decide to give their consent
for more fights, you can rest assured
that it will only be on condlt«->»>« that
the parties asking for a privilege will
give strong assurances that the seat
ing arrangements will be properly
looked after. The Chief of Police and
the Chief of the Fir- Department will
then make a thorough inspection of the
seating capacity, and if satisfactory to
them the fight can go on. If this is
done and there is an accident, we will
know who to hold responsible for ac
cidents."
Two attachments were levied by
Sheriff Whelan on the receipts of the
Jeffries-Sharkey fight Friday night.
One was for $3500, claimed to be due
from J. J. Groom and Harry E. Cor
bett as rent on Woodward's Pavilion,
ADVERTISEMENTS. — _.
.A.T
VERY LOW PRICFS'
«|o.oo
M^ l^ Pattern.
24 BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
in the very newest designs.
H^lvy Pattern.
. 40 BLACK FRENCH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS.
9 different designs.
CTQ.OO ~
H*-^ Pattern.
40 BLACK ENGLISH NOVELTY
CREPON DRESS PATTERNS,
in the very latest styles.
REMNANTS.
• During- the present week we will place on our
center counters, MARKED DOWN TO LESS THAN HALF
PRICE, all REMNANTS and SHORT LENGTHS of PLAIN
and FANCY SILKS, PLAIN and FANCY RIBBONS,
PRINTED LAWNS and ORGANDIES, FLANNELETTES and
GINGHAMS, and a very large lot of REMNANTS of
FINE EMBROIDERIES.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
and the other for 5299 99 alleged to be j
due J. A. McDonald for services ren
dered to Jeffries. No trouble was ex
perienced in securing possession of the
necessary amount of coin.
Suit was instituted yesterday In the
Justice Court against the National Ath
letic Club, J. J. Groom and J. D. Gibbs
to recover $40. It is alleged that W. P. :
Fuller, I. F. Littlelicld and George
Fuller purchased four tickets to see the ,
Jeffrios-Sharkey mix-up, and that they
were refused admission. The suit is to
recover the price of the tickets. An
attachment was issued against the de
fendants.
Corporal Goiman last night made the
following report to Chief Lees:
I was present at the fteht between Jeffries
and Sharkey. I was seated on a raised seat
about twenty feet from the southwest corner
Of the rinf?. My attention was attracted by the ,
breaking; of timbers of the raised se;Us at the ;
west end of the building. I saw the whole •
thing and venture the assertion that not two- j
thirds of the chairs were occupied. As soon j
a« the crash came at the easterly row of ,
chairs I glanced in that direction and saw that j
only a few persons were occupying seats in
that particular part of the building.
Sergeant Nash has also made a report '
of the accident. In it he says:
I -walked through the Pavilion on the after
noon of the flf?ht and noticed that the stud
dlnK that supported the seats was rather lipht
and not properly braced. The carpenters were ,
working at the time and District Engineer j
Shaughnessy was superintending the work. I
mentioned this fact to Captain Wlttman.
Detective Jeremiah Dinan, In his report '
to the Chief, says: "Sergeant Campbell. ;
Police Officer Joe Burnett and myself ;
went on the platform on the east sido of
the Pavilion. We mot Judge Allen and
Attorney Garrity of Oakland. The latter
asked us if we thought the platform was
safe. "We replied in the negative and at
once left the scene. A few minutes later
the platform gave way. precipitating the
unfortunate occupants of the seats to the
floor. I am convinced that two-thirds of •
the chairs were unoccupied at the time." ;
The above reports were made to refute
the assertion of the officials of the Fire j
Department that the police did not do
their duty. They claimed that all the j
seats were occupied and it was the duty !
of the police to have stopped the club
managers from allowing the seats to be
occupied, realizing that the platform had
been constructed in a flimsy manner.
Belgium, 11,000 square miles, 1? about the
combined size of Massachusetts and
Rhode Island.
Try our $1 eye (classes. 710 Market, 11 Geary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Have You Seen It?"
THE "'9B"
Swell
" DURING 5 '
BICYCLE,
GOOD FEATURES:
SIMPLE AND PRACTICAL METHOD OF
wheel adjustment; arched forked crowns of
great strength; expansion seat post with In-
ternal fastening; strong frame and fork con-
nections; new crank axle mechanism; no keys;
finest finished wheel in the market. Write for
catalogue.
AGENTS U/ANTED.
LEAVITT~& BILL,
COAST AGENTS,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
TAILOR-BUILT
| SUITS.
1 Black Our Specialty.
1 1 We aim to produce excellent
I results for our tailoring de-
n partment, offering a garment
I of superb fit and cut at a very
I moderate price.
I TO ORDER! TO ORDER!
I E n g! |Sn Serge, Italian lining, at
il $17.50.
I English Clay Serge Silk Jacket at
'I $20.00.
B Men's Heavy Clay Worsted Vene-
'j\ tian Moscovita La Chapelle
: - Cloth at
| $25 to $35.00.
j BLACK DRESS SKIRTS.
f 100 Styles to Select From.
J THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
| 1106 Market Street,
El Near Mason and Taylor.
83 S3 SS SS SS 888 SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
88 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. g
88 BOOKLET "AEOUT FURNITURE" TREE. &
= '^I^S- ?
i? '^^r^~ T * '°'" r e«n *L> o»
SS - "85
f STOVES $ 7 io 5
SS NEXT WEEK* A STOVE SS
SS LIKE THE PICTURE....^ 7. SO iS
c» ■ ■■ ' c«
I WE CARRY EVERYTHING, I
cm ; For housekeeping. Here you will find a*
*° the lowest prices, with the additional *°
85 charm of reliable merchandise. 55
<-• Money-saving possibilities are India- c*
*° putably here. *°
SS 88
g J. NOON AN, g
T. 1017-1023 Mission Street,
L Above Sixth. _
•° . Phone South 14. Open Evenings. *°
8 SS SS SS S3 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 Ss'sS SS B'§
gBBS2B3SS32SgS2Sic?SSBSggS3SB 82 gg
<^TSv\ .. We Rent all Makes. Few partly
AsS^r t used for Sale cheap. Send for
»^iiaf\ Samples and Prices. o
js|E!|!k L.. &. M. ALEXANDER
<%££fgS Ag-nts SMITH PREMIER
-- 1 IQ MONTGOMERY ST.. S.F..CALGLORIOUS VISIT OF NEPTUNE ON BOARD THE BATTLE-SHIP OREGON.
When the Oregon Crossed "the Line" Recently on .Her Way to doin the Atlantic Squadron Before Cuba She Was .Met by .Neptune and .His Beautiful Wife Jlmphitrite. It Was Such a fireat Occasion
Tftat the Battle-Ship for a Time Was Turned Over to .Neptune and Jiis Retinue. What Followed Is Told Below by Lieutenant Edward W. Eberle, Officer of the Vessel.
NEPTUNE TOOK HIS POSITION ON THE BRIDGE WITH HIS STOFF. fIND ON THE DECK BELOW WAS RIGGED A BIG SOIL FULL OF THE SALTIEST KIND OF SALT WATER; THEN THE BEARS AND WOLVES
PLUNGED INTO THE WAITER fIND WERE READY FOR THE FIRST VICTIM.
U. S. Battleship Oregon,
At Sea, I,at. 00, 00 Long. W.,
Thursday, March 31, 1898.
My Dear Little Sailorman — When a
ship crosses the "line" (equator), His
Majesty, King Neptune, comes on
board to Inspect the officers and men,
ard if he finds any strangers among
them, he proceeds to initiate them with
great pomp and ceremony and make
them pay tribute to his supreme power.
The regions along the "line" are ruled
by King Neptune, the Ruler of the Seas,
and his power can never be questioned
by any one, and woe to '*:e landsman
that hesitates to pay tribute to His
The Call Sunday Edition
Majesty.
Every one who crosses the "Hue" for
the first time is initiated by Neptune,
and Is ever afterward a son of the sea
and a faithful subject of the King and
is never forgotten by Neptune.
The evening before we crossed the
"line," as we were quietly steaming
along through summer seas, with the
band playing am 1 the men singing, there
came a thundering voice from the sea,
which shouted, "Ship ahoy!" and the
officer of the deck answered, "Aye,
aye."
Then the voice from the sea shouted
"TVhat ship la that?" and it was
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
answered, "The United States Battle
ship Oregon."
"Whence come ye?" said the strange
voice. "From San Francisco," was re
plied.
"Whither are ye bound?" again was
asked.
"Across the 'line' to the Southern
Seas," was answered.
Then out of the sea arose a man
dressed in seaweeds, and on board he
came, and stated that he was the of
ficial representative of "His Majesty
King Neptune, and desired to see the
captain, saying that the ship would en
ter the King's domains next day and
that Neptune would makf his custom
ary visit on board. Then the represen
tative disappeared into the sea, and we
began to make grand preparations to
receive King Neptune.
This mornL.g I was officer of the
deck and about 9 o'clock I shouted to
the officer on the forecastle (through
the trumpet):
"Keep a bright lookout ahead for the
line, sir!" and the answer came, "Aye,
aye. sir!"
All was bustle and excitement about
the decks now, making preparations
for his Majesty and the many land
lubbors who had never crossed the
"line" were very nervous, for they had
been told blood-curdling tales of how
Neptune initiated all strangers into his
domains.
All hands were on deck keeping a
lookout for the ruler of the seas, when
the officer of the forecastle shouted out
to me:
"The line in sight right ahead, sir!"
and I answered:
"Very well, sir, keep a sharp lookout
for his Majesty King Neptune!" and
In another moment came .he word:
"The King is in sight ah id, sir!"
and I answered:
"Ask his Majesty to come on board,
sir!"
And then out of the sea and over
the ship's b ws came Neptune with his
numerous staff.
I invited his Majesty to walk aft on
the quarterdeck, where he would be of
finially received by the captain, officers
and crew.
Th-n I called "All hands to muster,"
the most formal ceremony on a man
of-war, where all the officers and men
assemble on the quarterdeck and I re
ported to the captain the arrival on
board of King Neptune.
The captain ->ceived the King on the
quarterdeck in the presence of the of
ficers and crew and turned over the
ship to him.
Neptune introduced his wife, Amphi
trite, and the members uf his staff,
and then he made a short speech, in
which he stated that he had never be
fore been on board such a great battle
ship and that when he first sighted her
he did not know whether it was some
new American up-to-date sea serpent
or 'a fort adrift upon the seas, as he
had always been aecustnme to ships
with masts and sails — an ho had not
ordered a floating lighthouse, which he
took our military mast to be.
Then 'ie looked around at tl. ■ crew
and remarked with a cynical grin that
he saw many strange faces on board.
which caused the poor land-lubbers to
tremble with fear. He serenely re
marked that he did not suppose that
more than a dozen land-lubbers out of
the three hundred on board would be
killed as a sacrifice (wnereat their
knees knocked together with fright)
and that his initiation would so aarden
and toughen them that they would
consider Spanish bullets a mere picnic
party and they would be able to stand
anything hereafter.
Neptune had with him his wife. Am
phitrite, his secretary, his judge, his
barber, meri.iaids, a lot of big, burly
sea policemen and a number of bears
and wolves, all dressed in costumes of
seaweed, shells, barnacles and star
fishes.
Old Neptune had long white hair and
a beard and he looked very much like
Santa Claus, but he was dressed in
seaweed and salt Instead of furs, as
the weather here is so warm; and In
stead of a si igh and reindeer he travels
in a large shell drawn by beautiful sea
horses and he goes like the wind. For
binocular glasses Neptune had two
large empty beer bottles and he said
he could see a long distance with them.
Amphitrite also has whito hair, about
the color of new -->re and a'l . trough
her hair are brilliant crystals of salt.
After Neptune concluded his speech
he took his position on the fore and art
bridge with his staff and on the deck
below was rigged a big sail filled with
good salt water of the most salty kind.
The bears and the wolves plunged
into this water and were ready for the
first victim.
Neptune's secretar- had a Hs J of the
officers an^ men and he began with the
captain, who appeared before Neptune.
The judge then looked up the records
and found that the captain had crossed
the line before and had duly paid trib
ute, whereupon Neptune congratulated
him ~nd the next officer was called.
None of the midshipmen had crossed
the line and they all acknowledged the
authority of Neptune and offered trib
ute and were given certificates with
Neptune's seal, like the one I send you.
After they had gone through the list
of officers they called the first sailor
man on the list of uninitiated and the
big policemen brou ht the trembling
victim before the King, giving him a
good taste of their clubs on the way.
There the judge made a speech, in
which he stated that those who sur
vive - this ordeal would be ever after
hardy followers of Neptune. He cau
tioned the men to sweep the Spaniards
from the sea, as every time Neptune
had visited a Spanish ship he had been
made very sick by the odor of garlic
and vile cigarettes. For this insult to
royalty he demanded that his subjects
hereafter must s^ek vengeance. He
also cautioned his North American sub
jects against the two most noted pro
ducts of South America, fleas and yel
low dogs, and stated that a thick coat
ing of salt wouid art a* a counter
irritant fir .ea bites and would make
a yellow dog so sea sick that he would
not bite a second time.
After his speech he turned to the
first victim and in stern, deep voice
told him of the grave responsibility he
was about to assume in becoming a
follower of Neptune, and then he or
dered his men to proceed with the
ceremony. i
The victim was placed on a stool with
his b_ck to the sail filled h water.
Neptune's barber lathered his face and
head with a mixture of flour meal and
molasses, using a whitewash brush,
and then shaved the poor victim with
a large wooden razor, after which the
man was dumped over backward into
the water on the deck below and there
the wolves and bears ducked him and
beat him with paddles until he was
almo t strangled, after which he was
thrown out on deck and received his
certificate ? a Son of Neptune.
Over two hundred men were put
through this ram- ordeal, £id those
who fought or resisted were clubbed
by the policemen and given a double
dose.
U. S. S. OREGON.
To all to whom these presents shall
come.
GREETING.
Know ye that Edward Eberle Jr.
has this day been enrolled by
proxy as a loyal subject of his
Most Gracious Majesty Neptunus
Rex, monarch of all the seas and.
In virtue thereof, is entitled to all
due respect from the common land
lubbers of the earth.
By royal command, therefore. It
is decreed, that all good sailor
men, mermaids, sharks, whales,
sea serpents and other faithful sub
jects of his Royal Nibs, shall ab
stain from maltreating or slander
ing the holder of this certificate.
By the King.
DOWNALLDITTYBOXES,
Secretary-
Done at royal court, on the
Equator, this 31st day of March.
IS9S. according to earthly compu
tation.
The policenv n went all through the
ship searching for the victims and not
one land-lubber ; scaped.
Cheer after chter went v; as eacß
man was shu% - ed *d duel d and Nep
tune gave additional attentio— to thos»
whom he called the "freshest of the
fr^sh, who are fy freshy."
It took Neptune until 3 o'clock in thai
afternoon to initiate all the land-luß-.
bers, and he said that he had never
before struck such a rich harvest, aa
the crew was such a large one.
He recognized me as an old friend of
hi^. for you see I have crossed the
•"line" more than twenty-five times,
and in the Pacific, the Atlantic and the,
Indian Oceans, so old Neptune knows
me very well and he looks the same dfl
he did when he gave me my certificate*
more than thirteen years ago.
I told him about you and he gave va9
a certificate for you, but said that you
would have to pay tribute and get an*
other certificate when you crossed the
"line ' for the fir t time. He said h»
hoped you would become a naval office*
like your father.
He made a farewell speech, wlshe*
us a pleasant cruise, said we would al
ways be welcome to his domains and
then disappeared into the sea. Amphi
trite sent her best love to mother and
said she would like to send her one of
her beautiful salt crystals, but that
Neptune would be angry if she should
give away the jewels he had given her,
so mother must do without the salt
crystals.
You must not worry, for the Span
iards cannot harm father's ship and w»
will soon be together again, either on
the Eastern Coast or in San Francisco*
Your devoted father,
EDWARD EBERLE SR.
"What in the world are they flghtinff
about, anyway?" asked a young girl iv
an Atlanta store Saturday morning.
"For liberty, my dear child," replied
a companion with an air of superiority.
"Our country must not be insulted by
the Italians."
"I thought it was the Spaniards,*
mildly protested the first speaker.
"Well, they are all the same. It
makes no difference who it is we are
fighting, it is the principle of the thing
we are after."
"Has anybody been shot yet?" asked
the first speaker.
"I really didn't read the news clearlyj
this morning," was the reply.
Then they turned their attention to
the bargain counter, and the war waa
totally forgotten.18
FAMOUS AMERICAN BATTLE CRIES.
REMEMBER the Maine," Com
modore Schley's now famous
signal of attack on the Spanish
fleet, will undoubtedly become
immortal in American history,
in the history of the English
speaking peoples in fact, for as an ap
peal to patriotism it is as thrilling as
was Nelson's battle cry at the Nile.
•'England expects that every man will
do his fluty."
During the 132 years of our existence
as a nation the commodores, captains
and other officers of the navy have
made a magnificent contribution of
patriotic phases to our war literature.
As the terse embodiment of popular
sentiment in trying situations and
emergencies, they are not surpassed by
expressions of a like character in any
language.
The sea fighters started in this line at
the very beginning of the revolution, in
fact, before that tremendous struggle
with the mother country was begun.
Captain Whipple of Providence, R. 1.,
for instance, when notified in 1775 by
Sir James Wallace of the British frig
ate Rose that he would be strung up at
the yardnrm for having burned His
DEADLY USE OF THE TORPEDO IN WAR.
TORPEDO warfare began during
the American civil war, but so
crude were the early torpedoes
and so little opportunity has there
since been to study the action of
modern torpedoes in actual war
that naval officers all over Europe have
looked forward eagerly to a war be
tween the United States and Spain as
an object lesson. That the torpedo
years ago passed the experimental
stage and stands to-day as the most
wonderful and terrible of modern
engines of war is not to be doubted,
but it has had no real test of its
power. Not one torpedo has been fired
in warfare by any of the leading naval
powers in more than twenty years, and
so great has been the advance in tor
pedo construction within this time that
the early tests are of little value to the
present student of naval affairs.
Since the torpedo became a machine
of precision it has been used in war
fare only by insurrectionists and weak
nations. The war between China and
Japan three years ago gave some idea
of the value of the torpedo, but neither
its full value nor its place could be de
termined in that short and unequal
contest between two half-civilized na
tions.
Thirty-seven torpedo attacks have
been made thus far, sinking a dozen
ships and damaging one other. Six as
sailant boats have been at.
The Whitehead torpedo record only
is interesting, for it is the only auto
mobile torpedo which has ever been
used in war and is practically the only
torpedo in use to-day. The United
States was the last leading nation to
adopt the Whitehead, the Navy Depart
ment delaying action with the hope
that an American engineer would pro
duce the Whitehead's equal, until a
half-dozen years a?o the navy's imper
ative need of torpedoes forced the
adoption of the Whitehead.
■ Here is a summary of attacks with
"Whitehead torpedoes:
Yin, Peru, May 29, 1877— English
launch Shah flred one torpedo at Peru
vian ship Huascar, in motion at sea,
day; missed.
Batum, Russia, December 27, IS77 —
Two Russian launches flred two torpe
does at Turkish ship Mahmudieh, at
anchor, night; both probably struck
booms.
Batum, Russia, January 25, 1878— Two
Russian launches flred two torpedoes,
100 yards rangre. at Turkish Bhip, at
anchor, foggy night; ship sunk.
Valparaiso, Chile, January 27, 1391—
Launch of Conpressionalists" ship Blan
co EncaJada flred one torpedo at BaJ
macedists' shlD Imperial, at anchor;
miesed.
Caldera Bay. Chile, April 23. 1891—
Story of the Invention of This Terrible Engine, How It Has Been Improved and the Awful Destruction It Has Done in Modem Warfare.
Balmacedi&ts' torpedo gunboats Lynch
and Cordell fired five torpedoes, 100 to
200 yards range, at Congxessionalist
ship Blanco Enealada, at anchor, cloudy
morning, before dawn: ship sunk;
Lynch hit four times, but not damaged.
j# Santa Catherlna. Brazil, . April 15,
1893— Piexotoists' torpedo gunboat Sam
palo and three torpedo-boats fired four
torpedoes,- 160 yards range, at Mello-
Ist I" ship AquSciaban. at anchor, night;
Aquldaban sunk; Sampalo hit twenty
five times without being damaged. «-*- ~
Oft the Yalu, September 17, 1894 — Chi- •
nese torpedo-boat tired two torpedoes at
Japanese ship Hlyei, in motion, during
battle, day; no result. Chinese torpedo
boat fired three torpedoes, fifty yards
range, at Japanese ship Salkio; no re
sult. r ..
Wei-Hal-Wei, February 2, IS9s—Jap
anese torpedo-boats attacked Chinese
fleet, at anchor, night; assailants flred
upon, attack abandoned. February 5,
1895— Ten Japanese torpedo-boats fired
ten torpedoes. 330 yards range, at Chi
nese ships Ting Yuen and Lai Yuen,
at anchor, dark night; Ting Yuen sunk;
one torpedo-boat sunk and twelve men
lost, another boat ran ashore, only one
uninjured. Feb. 6, 1890 — Six Japanese
torpedo-boats attacked Chinese ships
Lai Yuen. Wei Yuen and Ching Yuen,
at anchor, dark night; Lai Yuen cap
sized.
The new American Whiteheads now
building for the Government in Brook
lyn, are distinctively American torpe
does, although made under licenses
from the original Whitehead Company
at Fiume, Hungary, the birthplace of
the Whitehead.
At the time of the outbreak of the
American civil war Captain Lupuis, an
Austrian naval officer, submitted to his
Government the first automobile tor
pedo. It was run by clockwork and
guided from shore by ropes. The Gov
ernment liked the idea, but recom
mended the selection of a better motive
power and a simpler means of guiding.
Three years later Lupuis met White
head, then manager of an engine man
ufacturing company at Fiume, and ex
hibited his torpedo plans. Whitehead,
with the assistance of his son and a
skilled mechanic, secretly made the
first Whitehead torpedo, and two years
later submitted it to the Austrian Go •
eminent. Externally it had the ap
pearance of a modern .torpedo: its
weight was 300 pounds and it carried
a charge of eighteen pounds of dyna
mite. A compressed air chamber,
charged to a pressure of 700 pounds to
the square inch, supplied the motive
power. For short distances the torpe
do attained a speed of six knots.
The Austrian ordnance officers were
enthusiastic over the torpedo, although
it was a very crude affair. The Gov
ernment was too poor to buy it out
right, but paid for the right to make
the torpedo after Whitehead's plans.
England a year later secured the right
to make the torpedo. France, Italy and
Germany followed. England has man
ufactured the Whitehead on a large
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1&93.
scale at the Royal Laboratory at Wool
wich and at the Whitehead factory at
Portland, about 6000 having been Issued
to the navy. A few months ago the
manufacture of torpedoes in England
was abandoned, and the English ad
miralty now imports its torpedoes from
the two European factories, one in Ger
many and the other in Fiume, Hun
gary. The Brooklyn, Fiume and Ger
man factories are the only places where
Whitehead torpedoes are now made.
The new American Whitehead not
only has the power to blow up any ship
afloat, but its intricate and delicate
mechanism makes certain its path un
der the water. The variations from its
course are so slight that it can be fired
from the launching tube with the same
confidence in its ability to reach the
target as when the seacoast artillery
man fires a steel shell from a heavy
gun. The torpedo is built of steel in the
shape of a porpoise, with a big double
bladed tail. Ready for firing it weighs
1160 pounds, but its weight in the water
is but a half pound. Its length is about
16 feet 5 inches; its greatest diameter
17.7 inches. It is assembled in four sec
tions — the head, airflask and immersion
chamber, after body and tail — all fitted
together with sleeve joints and held to
gether by joint screws. The walls are
made of the finest forged steel, to re
sist the enormous air pressure. Bronze
bulkheads separate the sections. Near
the after end of the air flask is a bulk
head of the small immersion chamber.
The after body is also divided into two
compartments, so that in all there are
five compartments within the torpe
do's shell.
Compressed air is the motive power.
This is contained within the air flask,
a hollow forged steel cylinder nearly
half as long as the torpedo, slightly
tapering at the ends, with dome-shaped
heads screwed and soldered in each
end. On shipboard this flask is filled
by an air compressing engine, and the
pressure attained is 1350 pounds to the
square inch. The flask is tested for a
pressure of 2000 pounds. This great
pressure so compresses the air that the
weight of the ten cubic feet in the
flask is 69.19 pounds.
The engine consists of three cylinders
radiating out from the propeller shaft
like a three-leaf clover. The cylinders
coujd be carried in one's overcoat
pocket, but they have a combined
power of thirty horsepower.
Between the air flask and engine is a
reducing valve, operated from the ex
terior. This valve is balanced between
a spring tending to raise it and the
pressure of air on the top tending
to seat It. By screwing a crank
the spring is compressed, and the pres
sure of the air admitted to the engine
fixed for the run. The highest speed
LAUNCHING A TORPEDO AT THE ENEMY FROM THE SIDE OF fl TORPEDO-BOAT.
Majesty's ship, the Gaspe, sent the
laconic reply to Sir James: "Always
catch a man before you hang him."
The lion-hearted Whipple, who, in
the preceding war with France, in his
privateer, the Gamecock, had captured
in a single year twenty-three French
prizes, voiced in that defiant answer
the sentiments of all the rebels in the
colonies that catching them was an es
sential preliminary to the hanging busi
ness.
Who first raised the American flag on
a ship of war is one of the disputed
questions of history. John Adams
claimed the honor for Captain John
Manly, a New Englander. Paul Jopea
asserted that "my (his) hand first
hoisted the American flag." He was
then a lieutenant on the frigate Alfred.
There were several American flags at
the time, and Paul Jones does not de
scribe his particular one. Some histo
rians think it was the pine tree and
rattlesnake flag with the motto: "An
appeal to God; don't tread on me."
Others assert that it was a flag con
sisting of thirteen stripes, with the
motto, "Don't tread on me," and a
rattlesnake stretched diagonally across
them.
"I have not yet begun to fight," was
one of Commodore Jones' famous re
plies to a British captain with whom he
had been fiercely engaged for over an
hour, and who desired to know if he
had surrendered. It was not Jones who
surrendered when the battle came to an
end. That was the celebrated engage
ment between the Serapis and the Bon
homme Richard. The captain of the
Serapis having been knighted for his
gallantry on that occasion by George
111, Jones, when he heard of the pro
obtainable is twenty-eight knots for 800
yards. At a less speed the torpedo may
be sent 2000 yards. Air is admitted to
the reducing valve by means of
a starting lever. Before the tor
pedo is launched this lever lies flat
on top of the shell, the end pointing
forward. When the torpedo is launched
the starting lever catches under a
tripping latch in the launching tube
and is thrown back..
For an instant after the torpedo
leaves the launching tube it is in the
air. Were the full power of the com
pressed air turned into, the engines by
the throwing back of the starting lever
th» propellers would revolve like a fly
wheel without a governor until they
were under water. Injury would result
to the machinery. This is obviated by
the retarding gear in the engine-room.
The retarding lever, when the torpedo
is launched, allows the reducing valve
to open only slightly, thus throttling
the main engine.
As the torpedo plunges into the water
a little flat water tripper is pushed
down, releasing the retarding lever and
giving the reducing valve its full ac
tion. A distance gear, moved by the
engine, provides means for automati
cally closing the reducing valve and
thus stopping the engine when the tor
pedo has run_a predetermined distance.
This gear is always set in practice, for
a torpedo costing $3000 is too valuable
to be lost. When the air is cut off a
spring is released, forcing the steering
rod forward, pulling the horizontal
rudders up, and thus bringing the tor
pedo to the surface. Many pounds of
the compressed air being lost in the
run, the torpedo naturally rises when
the mechanism is at rest.
Wet guncotton, weighing 220 pounds,
is carried in the torpedo's blunt phos
phor-bronze war head, double the
amount carried in the smaller torpedo
first issued to the navy. The guncotton
motion, characteristically remarked:
'Never mind; if I meet him again I'D
make a lord of him.' "
The first commodore of the young
American navy was Captain John
Barry. In the pnring of 17S1 he was
hailed by a British ship on his way
from Havana. To the inquiry as to his
identity he replied: "The United States
ship Alliance, Saucy Jack Barry, half
Irishman, half Yankee; who are you?"
"Not the value nor the command of
the whole British fleet could tempt me
from the American cause," was the
heroic reply of Barry to Lord Howe in
ITJfi when he offered him 15,000 guineas
and n commission in the English navy
to join the royal cause. Equally heroic
was the reply of the cc^tive American
sailor, Nathan Coffin, when asked to
enter the king's service: "Hang me, if
you will, to the yardarm, but do not
ask me to become a traitor to my
country."
Com. Stephen Decatur was one of the
very bravest men that ever walked the
quarterdeck. His famous toast at a
public dinner in Norfolk. Va., in 1814,
"Our Country! In her intercourse with
foreign nations may she always be in
the right; but our country, right or
wrong," would, if he had never said or
done anything else, have won him im
mortality.
The destruction by him of the frigate
Philadelphia in the harbor nf Tripoli
was declared by Lord Nelson to be
"the most bold and daring act of the
age." Decatur was as generous as he
was brave. "I cannot," said he to Cap
tain Carden of the Macedonian, as he
offered to surrender his sword, "take
the sword of a man who has so
bravely defended - ; ' his ship, but I'll
thank you for that hat." This was in
the 1812 war, and the reference to the
hat was a reminder of a bet between
the two officers, made previous to the
outbreak of hostilities, in regard to the
fighting powers of their ships. At the
first fire the Macedonian lost her miz
zenmast. Hearing a sailor remark to
one of his mates that " they had made
a brig of her," Decatur added: "Take
a good aim, my lads, at the mainmast,
and we'll' make a sloop of her."
To the hail of a squadron of Algerine
pirates, while cruising in the Mediter
ranean of "Dove andite?" ("Where are
you going?"), Decatur from his lone
ship answered back, "Dove mi piace"
("Where I please"), and they let him
go.
Toward the close of the 1812 war De
catur, in command of the President,
was chased by a large squadron, all of
which, with one exception, the Endy
mion, he outsailed. In the emergency
he conceived the daring design of cap
turing that ship before her sisters
could come to her assistance, and, hav
ing scuttled his own vessel, which was
injured at the time, sailing into port
on his anticipated prize. His speech to
his crew on that occasion is unique.
"My lads," said he, "that ship is com
ing up with us. As our own ship will
not sail, we'll go aboard of them, every
is in disks. Into the nose of the torpedo
is inserted a metal cylinder, reaching
back some distance through openings
in the guncotton disks. This cylinder,
the primer, holds a series of small dry
guncotton cylinders. The forward
cylinder is pierced to receive the
detonating primer of fulminate of
mercury, capped with a percussion cap.
The war nose screws into the forward
end of the primer case. When the tor
pedo is launched a blow on the war
nose will not explode the guncotton, but
as the torpedo runs through the water
a little fan on the nose is revolved like
a paper spinning wheel. A nut is
screwed through a traveling sleeve by
man and boy of us. and carry her into
New York. All I ask of you is to fol
low me. This is a favorite ship of the
country. If we allow her to be taken
by the enemy we shall be deserted by
our wives and sweethearts. What, lose
such a ship as this for nothing! 'Twould
break the heart of every pretty girl in
New York." The President at once
headed for the Endyrr.ion and the en
gagement began. During tlie action
Deeatur was wounded and the Endy
mion dismantled. Before the President
had time to repair damages the Ten
edos and Pomona came up and Decatur
was forced to haul down his flag.
"Don't give up the ship," the dying
words of Commander Lawrence, the
heroic commander of the Chesapeake,
are among the very noblest ever ut
tered. They will live as long as the
ocean rolls or ship floats.
The {gallant .terry flew that signal at
his masthead in the memorable battle
of Lake Erie, at the glorious close of
which he had the inspiration to pen
that dispatch which has canonized him
in our history: "We have met the en
emy and they ar§ ours." It was written
on his stiff hat in lieu of a table, on the
half of an old letter, and the additional
information in it gave the size and
number of the enemy, namely, "Two
shii'S, two brigs, one schooner and one
sloop."
Perry was a hero in peace as well as
in war. During a fearful winter storm,
while lying in the harbor of Newport,
he heard that a merchant vessel had
been driven on a reef six miles distant.
He at once manned his barge and said
to the crew: "Come, my boys, we are
going to the relief of shipwrecked sea
men; pull away." That act was ap
plauded by the country almost as much
as was the battle on Lake Erie. Dur
ing the Mexican war General Scott re
quested the loan of some guns from the
ileet, to be used on shore. Perry com
plied, but on one condition, that "wher
ever the guns go, the officers and men
must go also."
Commander Porter, father of the late
Admiral Porter, happily phrased the
sentiment of the country in the motto
which he (lew on his flag in the war of
1S12: "Free trade and sailors' rights."
In those distant days it became the text
for many a patriotic song and thou
sands of political speeches.
the turning of the fan until it rests on
the firing pin.
When the torpedo strikes the firing
pin is driven in, detonating the cap, the
fulminate of mercury, the dry gun
cotton, and then exploding the 220
pounds of wet gun-cotton. This sys
tem of explosions is made necessary by
the nature of the gun cotton. This
high explosive, one of the most power
ful destroyers ever evolved from the
chemist's laboratory, is exploded with
difficulty. Were the Avar head simply
loaded with wet gun-cotton the impact
of the head against a ship's armor
would not explode the gun-cotton.
Even dry gun-cotton might not explode.
Gun-cotton on shipboard is always
kept wet. It is more difficult to ex
plode, but more violent in its action.
Dry gun-cotton is about the only thing
that is sure to explode wet gun-cotton,
and dry gun-coUon is exploded by a
mercury fulminate detonator. The lat
ter is easily exploded by a cap, and in
stantaneously expands to 2500 times its
original volume. The sudden pressure
explodes the dry gun-cotton. The war
head is never used in times of peace.
Instead a blunter practice head of steel
is used. It is ballasted by filling it with
fresh water.
The prototype of the wonderful
Whitehead of to-day was a most er
ratic war engine. Pushed overboard
by an impulse rod, sent forward by
compressed air, the iron fish darted off
like a porpoise at play, shooting
straight forward for a moment, and
then, suddenly swinging around like a
boomerang, it dove down deep, explor
ing the bottom, and often ran its nose
into a mud bank. Again it shot up
ward and skimmed along the surface,
leaving a ribbon of white foam in its
wake. But in spite of its erratic move
ments and its small charge of explo
sive, the first Whitehead was regarded
as a terrible engine of war. Its very
imperfections worked in its favor.
A British captain, [meeting Porter,
flung out an answerikg signal to this
effect: "God and couttry, British sail
ors' best rights. Traifcrs offend both."
The belief in England.at the time was
that the crews of the* American ships
were all British deserirs. Porter an
swered his enemy ne^ day with a
fresh signal i!ag: "G(d. our country
and liberty! Tyrants Iff end them!"
When the Constitution, under the
command of Commodort Hull, engaged
the French frigate Gueriiere a dramat
ic scene was witnessed en the deck of
"Old Ironsides." As the Frenchman's
guns began to thunder out. Lieutenant
Morris, second in command, asked Hull
if he should give the order to tire.
"Not yet," replied Hull.
Nearer and nearer came the two ships.
Again Morris asked for the oider.^and
again came the answer, "Not (ret. A
few moments later, high above \ha roar
of the guns, as the Constitution com
pletely covered her enemy, Hull s voice
rang out: "Now, boys, pour h into
The Guerriere was literally torn to
pieces, "the blood of the killed running
out of her scuppers," says a naval his
torian. ,
The dashing Preble, during a cruise
in the Mediterranean, ran across an
other ship. It was night, and he coulc!
get no reply to his hail. .This colloquy
followed: .. ,
p re ble— I now hail you for the last
time; if you don't answer I'll fire a shot
into you."
JStranger— lf you do I'll return a
broadside.
Preble— l should like to catch you at
that. I now hail for an answer. Whai.
ship is that?
Stranger— This is his Britannic Maj
esty's 84-gun ship of the line Donegal.
Sir Kichard Strachan. Send a boat on
board.
Preble— This is the United States 44
gun ship Constitution, Captain Edward
Preble, and I'll be if I send a boat
on board any ship. Blow your matches,
boys.
We were at peace at the time, and the
two captains suspected that each was
a pirate. They lay to during the night.
Explanations followed in the l-orning,
when the British ship proved to be not
the formidable Donegal, but the 32-gun
frigate M.aidstone.
The English paddle-wheel sloop Ob
■eron was rigged up as an experimental
torpedo-boat and from it the first
Whitehead was launched in English
waters. The target was the wooden
corvette Aigle, surrounded by netting
fifteen feet from the ship's side and
reaching twelve feet below the sur
face. The first torpedo fired at her
dojve under the net, suddenly shot up
ward again, striking the ship and blow
ing a big hole in her bottom. The ad
miralty officers had not expected this
result, but it led the English Govern
ment to pay $75,000 for the right to
manufacture Whitehead torpedoes at
the Royal Laboratory. Before the
Aigle had sunk a second torpedo was
fired at her. This one struck the net
ting and inflicted no damage.
No Government would now spend a
cent for a torpedo which could not be
depended on to reach the point aimed
at. The maximum effectiveness of a
torpedo in an attack on a battleship is
reached when the torpedo strikes the
vessel amidships, well below the heavy
side armor belt. The explosion drives
in the armor at its weakest point, ex
plodes the boilers and nearby maga
zines and insures the sinking of the
ship. Struck near the water line, a
heavy battleship (while the havoc
wrought would be terrific) might be
able to keep above water for hours and
do effective service in an engagement.
The Ting Yuen, one of the battleships
of the Chinese fleet at Wei-Hai-Wei,
at early dawn on February 5, 1895, was
attacked by the Japanese torpedo flo
tilla. One of the six W T hitehead tor
pedoes fired at the Ting Yuen and Lai
Yuen struck the former in the stern
near the water lin<?. The torpedo toro
a big hole in the armor, and, although
the water-tight doors and compart
ments failed at the critical moment,
the ship sank very slowly and her gun
ners sank the assailant, killing all of
her crew.BROADSIDE SLAUGHTER
AT THE BATTLE OF THE YALU
The Biggest Battle of Ironclads Up to Admiral Dewey's Great Victory at Manila.
HE was only a little Japanese
bandsman, dressed in nautical
costume. But he was very pa
triotic; his small lungs were do
ing their best to fill a great
trombone with wind. And really the
volume of sound which Issued from that
instrument was amazing; the tiny man
puffed out his cheeks at one end and
a martial air burst forth at the other.
The occasion was a peaceful one, for
the Japan !■:-•- rruis -r which had just
been launched was not yet in a position
to do damage to ;.n enemy; the grace
ful white doves which fluttered over
head as the vessel left the ways had
hardiy vanished In the clear sky. But
the Insignificant little man with the
trorr.! . p^n more rea". fighting
than any i :.■• ; esent; he had witnessed
the greatest naval combat of recent
days and had narrowly escaped paying
for his heroism with his life. When the
ship was gone and the people were gone
he laid down his h;g instrument and
told me some of his experiences.
If the ships of .he dons ever emerge
from their hiding places on the eastern
si.ie of the Atlantic and steer west to
do battle with Uncle Sam's fleet it will,
I doubt not, be a second edition of the
Yalu struggle, though perhaps the con
flict will be even more bloodthirsty
because of the greater strength of the
- engaged. The victory at Manila,
splendid achievement though it was.
hardly furnishes a parallel, because of
the great disparity in the forces en
gaged. Moreover the Spaniards had no
ironclad vessels, while the Chinese
brought to bear against the Japs two
heavily armored ships.
The battle of the Yalu was the second
great action which the world has wit
nessed between modern ironclads. The
first was at Lipsa, far back in 1866,
when armored vessels were but in their
Infancy. During the thirty years which
elapsed between this battle and the
Yalu wonderful progress had been
made in the construction of fighting
vessels; guns were heavier, armor was
thicker and speed was greater. Yet the
advance had been achieved entirely on
theoretical grounds, naval constructors
were working in the dark, and no one
knew exactly how these complicated
floating masses of machinery would be
have in real battle.
And here was a little Japanese, mod
est and unpretentious, who had helped,
OUR MEN AT THE HELM IN WASHINGTON.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY shows
the strain of the stress of the
war. None but those who have
been close to him can realize
what the past three months have
meant to the nation's executive. With
full appreciation of his crrave responsi-.
bilities, knowing the power inherent in
his position to affect results, and yet
cognizant as the days went by of his
inability to prevent the fulfillment of
fate, he has endeavored to guide events
fo far ac he could in a course which
will hold him and the people blameless
in the sight of the world for whatever
may follow. That he has withstood the
strain so well bears testimony to his
mental poise and strength of character
and body.
The President's demeanor has under
gone a noticeable change. The affable,
cheery mood which formerly character
ized him has given way to a sternness
of manner which befits a humane but
just judge called upon to execute a
righteous sentence. A curious illustra
tion of Mr. McKinley's temperament is
shown in the diff«, r . nee In his bearing
since the passage of the resolutions
;vhi< h made war inevitable. So long as
There was the slightest chance for peace
ihe pressure of uncertainty boro heav
i'y upon him, and his face assumed a
wan and haggard look. That look has
not entirely disappeared, but it is no
longer marked by anxiety. From the
moment the decision was reached
which imposed upon him the leadership
of a nation at war, he seems to have
experienced a sense of relief, for he
at the risk of his life, to give the world
some of the experiences it stood so
greatly in need of. "I was not fright
ened," he said, to translate his broken
English into a more convenient mode
of expression, "you see had no time.
We were working hard while the bat
tle lasted, half the time there was such
a confusion I did not know where I
was or what I was doing.
"I was in the band on board the Ma
tushima, the«hip that was in the thi<*k
of all the fighting, but we did not get
much chance to play music during the
battle. It was in the morning, just
about dinner time, that we sighted the
Chinese, and we were at it all the rest
of the afternoon. I could not see much
for the smoke, but our ship shook all
the time as the guns were fired, and
then a big shell burst in the battery,
throwing one oi the guns over, and
killing the whole gun's crew.
"Very soon we were all of us at the
guns, firing away whenever we could
see the white sides of a Chinese vessel
through the smoke. Down in the bat
tery we could not tell what was going
on ; we did not even know when our
shots h!t. But we knew when one of
the Chinese shells struck us. for if it
exploded the concussion would almost
knock you down, and when the fumes
cleared away you would see bits of hu
man bodies scattered all over the
place.
"One shell exploded a heap of ammu
nition, and we found nothing of an of
ficer standing by but his cap.
"Luckily for us, a lot of the Chinese
shells were not loaded. We found one
afterward filled with cement, instead of
powder. But the fires were awful. It
seemed as if they broke out wherever
there was any woodwork to burn. And
one big blaze down in the coal bunkers
next the magazine nearly finished us.
The fire got so strong that the bulk
head between the bunkers and the
magazine grew red hot, the flames leap
ed through the crevices, and we had to
stuff our clothes into the cracks to pre
vent the magazine catching."
"Of course wp were glad when it was
over, for though we finished off the
Chinese, we came very near sinking
oursMves. Half our crew was killed
or wounded, and the rest were not good
for anything. I got off fortunately
with this." and he lifted up his cap
and showpd a jagged scar on the sld«
of his head. "It was a fragment of a
shell or a flying rivet which did it, but
it laid me Tip for the rest of the war,
for I did not see any more fighting."
Even in the old days of wooden ships.
1 sees his pathway straight before him
now. no matter how rough it may be.
The President takes little recreation,
but he breaks away from his desk for
a few moments every day. Sometimes
he strolls through the White House
grounds with a member of the Cabinet,
or with some friend, and usually his
arm is locked in that of his companion.
He delights to wander through the
broad area known as the "white lot,"
Just in the rear of the executive man
sion, and during these wanderings he
is frequently followed by a curious
crowd. He has a courteous greeting for
everybody and usually a word and a
smile, which lights up rather sadly his
careworn face. Every day or two he
takes a long drive into the country late
in the afternoon, and on these drives
he always takes a friend along.
Secretary Long, the head of the Navy
Department, shows the effect of tension
las well as Ms chief. His position has
ben in a measure paradoxical. An of
ficer of the Peace Society, an organiza
; tion the avowed purpose of which is
: the prevention of war, he Is in charge
of one of the military arms of the Gov
i ernment, and stern duty compels him
| to exercise functions which are abhor
i rent to him.
During many anxious weeks follow
| ing the destructi n of the Maine he
i clung to the hope that it would be
! shown not to have been blown up with
i design and that Cuba could be freed
| without a resort to arms. As time
I rolled relentlessly on and the events of
1 each succeeding day pointed .o the ul
tinfete disappointment of his hope, Mr.
1 Long's optimistic manner gave way un- j
; der the pressure; the tender-hearted j
j secretary is a saddened ma. "It Is j
I hard to realize," he says, that we are j
• actually at war." j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
when the captain fought his vessel
from the exposed altitude of the poop
deck, he could see comparatively little
of what was going on away from his
own vessel. And to-day, when the cap
tain is shut up in a confined conning
tower, he certainly will find it difficult
to get a general view of the engage
ment. As to the gunners, in turrets or
inclosed batteries, they will see nothing
except the ship at which they happen
to be taking aim. The only persons
likely to get a good all round view of
the fight will be the men working : the
machine guns on the upper deck, # and
in the military tops of the large iron
clads. The probability that they will
survive to relate their experiences is
extremely small.
Contemporary historians have given
us a fairly good account of the great
Yalu fight. Never was the value of
calm personal courage more clearly
demonstrated. People are fond of say
ing that our modern war vessels are
nothing but floating boxes of machin
ery. That is perfectly true, but we
must not forget that machines require
intelligent, self-possessed men to con
trol them. Therefore the most costly
ironclad is useless unless she has a
courageous" self-reliant crew to work
her. Thus it was at the Yalu. and
thus it probably will be should the
great naval battle on the Atlantic take
place. The superiority of the Ameri
can sailor over the Spaniard requires no
proof; if it did. we have lately had
brilliant instances on two sides of the
globe. in Cuba and the far away Phil
ippines.
The Chinese, in the matter of ships,
had a considerable advantage over the
.Tnnanese. They possessed two power
ful Ironclads, the Tine Yuen and the
Chen Yuen, armed with four 35-ton
Krunp guns, to say ■nothing of many
smaller weapons. Their armor was
fourteen inches thick, and though their
f=peed was slow, thpv were formidable
vessels compared with the lightly arm
ored cruisers fouerht by. the Japanese.
One. of the vessels had the advantage
of he'ner commanded bv 'a. courageous
American.. Captain -McGiffln, the story
of whose ■"allant efforts to turn the ; tid^
of battle has so lately erono the round
of the nress. But even Cant* in M^-
Glffln. trough a host in himself, could
not work miracles with a mob of un
dipflplined Chinese cowards as a crew.
Still it wo"! entirely due to his efforts
that 'top Chen Yuen survived the! ter
rible attack of th» Japanese rapid-fir
ing guns. Klrrht times the ship cautrht
fire and eight times Captain McOiffin
I Secretary Long is naturally an easy
going: man. He makes no fuss about
his daily work and there is no bustle
|or rushing about. He is quick of de
| cision and orders glide easily into their
proper places. He never loses his head
and nobody would suspect, in seeing
him at his desk, that upon him de
volved the conduct of a naval war.
Every day a litt, •• after noon he packs
a lot of papers into a green flannel bag,
such as Boston lawyers carry, and
walks home to luiich, his head a little
bowed, his face overcast with thought,
i But thoughtful though he may be, a
! word of greeting, always brings an
answering smile and a cheery word.
The secretary takes a long walk every
I evening after leaving the department
I and sometimes it is an hour before he
! reaches his apartments from his desk.
! He goes to bed invariably before 9
o'clock. The President usually stops
, up till midnight.
Secretary Alger is a man of war and
has considered the Cuban situation all
along from the viewpoint of a soldier.
From the day that the news came of
i the destruction of the Maine he has re
garded war as practically inevitable,
I and his thoughts and actions have been
j guided accordingly. General Alger is
I not of a sanguinary disposition. On the
I contrary he is one of the gentlest of
men. He is regarded with a '.egree of
i estimation approaching affection by
j those who come in official and personal
! contact with him, and admiration for
his personal qualities as a man Is
equaled by appreciation of his abilities
as an official.
General Alg-er has borne the strain
remarkably well, in view of his en
| feebled condition, brought on by physl
j cal ailments. He seems to be every
i where at once, •■■' during every im
"I COULD NOT SEE MUCH FOR THE SMOKE, BUT OUR SHIP SHOOK ALL ThjE TiME AS THE BIG GUNS WERE
FIRED, AND THEN fl BIG SHELL BURST IN THE BATTERY, THROWING ONE OF Ti'iE GUNS OVER AND
KILLING THE WHOLE GUN'S CREW."
and his European advisers extinguished
the flames. The last time, indeed, tho
gallant captain narrowly escaped de
struction from one of his own guns
which was fired so close to his head as
to knock him senseless.
But though the Chinese had the ad
vantage in the matter of ironclads their
guns were notably inferior to the Jap
anese. The Chinese had only the old
fashioned, slow-firing weapons, where
as the Japanese had the latest variety
of quick firers, ranging up to six inches
in caliber. The destruction wrought
bj' these weapons was so tremendous
that every naval power took the hint
and there are few ironclads now afloat
in which the secondary battery is not
equipped entirely with quick firers.
The splendid marksmanship of the
Japanese gunners enabled them to
pour a hail of these awful projectiles
upon the ill-fated ships of the Chinese,
killing and demoralizing the gunners
portant debate in CongTess he has been
at the capitol, lister.i.ig to the discus
sion, consulting with Senators and
members, and feeling tlv legislative
pulse. Alger has been the President's
eyes and ears. He sees more public
men in the course of the day than all
other members of the Cabinet com
bined. Charles Emory Smith, the newly
appointed Postmaster General, is also
invaluable to the President, through
his faculty for reflecting outside opin
ion.
Owing to the practical retirement of
Secretary Sherman, Assistant Secretary
Day has willingly borne the brunt of
the diplomatic battle which has been
waged with Spain. Judge Day seems
to have a remarkable aptitude for hard
work and has emerged from the days
of unremitting toil and nights of sleep
less thought without visible effect upon
his mind or his body. He is the most
modest appearing of men, reserved to
the point of taciturnity, a hard student
and little acquainted with politicians
or their ways. He keeps his place at
his desk in the department, where he
broods over his books and parers more
industriously than any of the clerks,
and he is rarely reen outside.
Speaker Reed has been the most Im
perturbable man during the war excite
ment in Congress. He has been the tar
get of his political opponents and ha.s
been assailed by murmurs at times
from men of his own party. Through
out the progress of events he has re
tained the coolness which is such ft dis
tinguishing characteristic of the man,
and shows no trace of the exciting
times through which he has passed.
One hour he may mold a murmuring
and restless majority as he wills; in
the next he may be seen walking leis
urely up the avenue, his hands clasped
lazily behind his back, stopping at
every second shop window to gaze with
childish curiosity at the pretty things
displayed. Sometimes it takes the big
speaker more than an hour to walk
from his hotel to the capitol, so many
are the diversions along the way.
and setting fire to everything inflam
mable.
The Japanese did not suffer so much,
for they had tak the precaution to
strip their vessels of every particle of
woodwork which could be removed.
Even the mess tables and benches had
been taken out and the hardy little sail
ors contentedly lived on the bare deck.
The burning of the Spanish fleet at
Manila gives us another instance of the
destructive effect of shell fire, and in
future war vessels will be built with
little or no wood about their fittings.
Everything will have to be of iron, cold
and comfortless, but infinitely safer in
time of action.
The fight at the Yalu was mainly a
long-range one, and most modern na
val engagements are likely to proceed
on the same lines. The Chinese formed
up in line abreast, so that their vessels
fought end on. The Japs on the other
hand fought in the formation known as
LOTS OF WORK FOR WOMEN IN WAR.
THE President and Secretary of
War are receiving letters from
patriotic women all over the
country anxious to be mustered
into service in case there should
be an outbreak of war with Spain.
A letter received at the White House
and addressed, "President McKinley,
Washington, D. C," reads: "I write
asking if I vould be of any use to you
in this Cuban trouble. I am only a
woman, but I can nurse the sick and
wounded. I only wish I were a man.
I would go and volunteer to take one
of our unfortunate one's place who
went down in the Maine. If you need
women to nurse, or if in any way I can
be of service to you for my country's
sake, please let me know. I am strong,
weigh 150 ■ ounds, height 5 feet 5
inches, age 27 years and a good nurse.
Hoping to be of service to my God and
country I am at your command."
Another says: "I was one of the first
volunteer nurses during the war of the
rebellion; experience on transports and
in hospitals. If there is another war I
am ready."
A Canadian wrman, who says her
brother fought for our flag in the late
war, offers her services, and adds ir.
her lett- ■ to the President: "Failing the
position of nurse I shall be glad to give
my services in any other capacity
where I may be of use."
From away down in Colorado an
other woman, who addresses her letter
"War Department," offers her services
in these words: "Should there be a war
between the Ui.ited States and Spain
would there be any show for us to get
transportation? We are nurses and
strong, healthy women. There are two
of üb, aged 35 years."
line ahead, the ships bringing their
broadside to bear on the enemy.
The Chinese, when they saw the
approaching, opened fire at six
thousand yards (about three and one
half miles), but the shell fell short.
The Japs, more wisely, reserved their
fire till they came within three thou
sand yards, when their guns could be
used with disastrous effect. The com
bat, as far as the Mongolians were con
cerned, soon became a general melee,
the Chinese admiral lost all control of
his fleet and each ship fought the
enemy as best she could.
Admiral Ito, on the other hand, who
commanded the Japanese fleet, kept his
ships well in hand, the attack was de
veloped on orderly, systematic lines,
and one by one the weaker Chinese ves
sels were either runk or "ilown up, or
destroyed by fire. Altogether the Japa
nese'finished off five vessels and only
the two Chinese ironclads were left in
These are but several examples of the
correspondence being received from
American women.
While the typical army nurse is al
ways described by the idealist as a
youthful, tender "angel of mercy,"
with a beautiful face, it is interesting
to know that generals in command of
armies prefer middle-aged and homely
women for such service. A circular
distributed by the superintendent of
nurses in IS6I read:
"No women under 30 need apply. All
nurses are required to be very plain
looking women. Their dresses must
be either brown or black, with no.
bows," no curls or jewelry and no hoop
skirts."
The pay given to nurses in the late
war was 412 a month, but it is said
that hundreds of women of social rank
and position, without waiting to be
formally mustered in, served without
pay or hope of reward. She who is
now volunteering to aid in a conflict
with Spain is not the "new woman,"
but the same patriotic creature who
offered herslf to her flag in 1861.
General Sherman called "Mother
Blckerdyke," the celebrated nurse of
the Civil War, one of his "best gen
erals."
The woman who would be the most
conspicuous of her sex in a great war
between the United States and Spain
is Miss Clara Barton, president of the
American Red Cross Society, who is
now caring for the starving Cubans.
Within a month after President Lin
coln's first call for the army of 75,000
volunteers an association of New York
women had chosen from hundreds of
candidates 100 competent nurses to be
trained by the physicians and surgeons
of this city. At the same time women
throughout the country organized sol
diers' aid societies, sewing circles, fairs
a condition fit for fighting at the end
of the day.
It is said that the Japs did not close
and ram these vessels because they
wished to capture rather than sink
them, otherwise the victory might have
been even more complete. The Chinese,
on the contrary, tried to use the ram
several times, but each time they wera
foiled by the superior speed of the Jap
anese cruisers.
Of course in such a stubbornly con-»
tested battle the loss of life was enor«
mous. There were about three thou
sand men on each side and out of these
the Chinese had 700 killed and wounded,
the Japanese only 294.
The heavy loss of the Chinese was
mainly caused by drowning, for as their
vessels sank the crews perished. All
boats were early destroyed and
neither friend nor foe had the means
to save the unfortunate strugglers la
the water. J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.
and entertainments of various sorts
for the purpose of furnishing the brave
boys both necessities and delicacies.
Trains running into Washington were
weighed down with a tremendous ac
cumulation of freight for this purpose.
Its distribution was finally turned over
to the Sanitary Commission, which co
operated during the war with women's
clubs and societies throughout the en
tire North. After each battle agent*
distributed the supplies as received.
Statistics show that during the late
war the women's organizations raised
altogether fifty millions of dollars
among their societies in the Northern
States, the amount just appropriated by
Congress to put the nation upon an ef
fective defensive footing. The little
girls of the North, by their miniature
fairs and handiwork, contributed $100,
000.
Women might serve this Government
as spies in a great war. That a woman
cannot keep a secret herself or let any
t one else keep one is not borne out by
'certain secret archives kept in
a large fireproof safe in the
W;ir Department. One of the
most active and reliable Union
spies in the late war was a woman, who
worked successfully for a long period.
Eventually, however, she was caught
by the enemy and hanged to a tree.
Martial law, which states that "the spy
is punishable by death by hanging by
the neck," has no respect for sex.
The story is also told of a Confeder
ate brigadier general who sent his wife
in the night to one of our generals with
the proposal that he would for $1000 so
place his force that it might be cap
tured by the Yankees without any
trouble. It is related by an officer that
the proposal was accepted, and that the
Northern troops captured the force as
arranged.
1920
DON CARLOS IS READY
TO SEIZE THE THRONE.
For Thirty fears He and His Followers
Have Been Striving to Take Advantage
of Just Such a Crisis in Spanish Affairs.
Don Carlos Is at Brussels vigilantly
watching the development of affairs in
Spain. His agents are everywhere
throughout Spain actively working to
spread his cause and to take - d vantage
of every mistake made by the ruling
dynasty.
He is confident he will be known as
Carlos IX, King of Spain, by June 1.
He is being backed by the legitimists
all over the world.
The legitimists are a large body of in
telligent people In Europe who look
with contempt upon what is known as
modern progress, believe that democ
racy is an invention of the devil, who
hold to the antiquated doctrine which
Pope described as the right divine of
kings to govern wrong.
It is a firm tenet with them that
Providence set aside certain men and
women to rule over the rest of their
kind, and that these God appointed hu-
mans are privileged sacrosancts whose
word ought to be accepted as law,
whose acts we lesser humans should
accept without question or murmur. To
rise in revolt against them, be they ty
rants or despots, is to commit what
they consider the heinous crime of trea
son.
They would overthrow the sovereign
will of the people in order to restore
the God appointed sovereign or his line
to the remotest generations. They rec
ognize none of the extant rulers of
England, of France, of Spain, of Swe
den and Norway, of Portugal. All of
these are usurpers because at one time
or another the people of these lands,
rising in their wrath against wrong and
oppression, decreed that they or their
predecessors should supplant other rul
ing dynasties whose title in the last
analysis depended upon exactly the
sort of "usurpation" which these en
thusiasts denounce.
Harken to the words of the Marquis
of Ruvigny, editor of the recognized
organ of the party, The Legitimist Kal
endar. He acknowledges that the ten
dency of the age is toward democracy,
but the tendency of democracy is to
ward harm. "The legitimist is above
all things a King's man, and in his eyes
democracy is nn accursed thing, to be
prevented at all costs. He views with
apprehension the gradual transference
of power from the ruler to the ruled,
the steady curtailment of the royal pre
rogative, and the abrogation by the
people to themselves of functions which
they are not fitted to perform."
The legitimist goes still further. He
believes in primogeniture and that the
descendants of an unworthy monarch
who has been deposed retain forever
the right to be restored to their former
condition. He is a Jacobite in Eng
land, a Carlist in Spain and in France,
a Miguelist in Portugal, an imperialist
in Brazil. His faith, in other words, is
not local; he is simply one of a catholic
or universal party whose ramifications
extend over Europe.
He believes that the finger of God is
directing the present crisis with a view
to bringing about the imminent res
toration of Don Carlos to his rights as
a sort of entering wedge to the restora
tion of all other legitimate sovereigns
over the lands of which they or their
progenitors were dispossessed.
The origin of the Carlist imbroglio
dates back to 1533, when King Ferdi
nand VI, after a troublous reign,
breathed his last. He left no male is
BATCHING
THROUGH
COLLEGE
SCENES AROUND THE "BACHELORS* DEN" WHERE FOUR YOUNG MEN ARE WORKING THEIR WOY
THROUGH COLLEGE.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE, East
Oakland, April 22. 1898.—Possi
bly one of the greatest mistakes
which an outsider could make
would be in thinking that the
student who is batchins and
working his way through college is a
lean-looking dyspeptic without a friend
in the world.
To be sure, there are exceptions. In
fact, the club which preceded ours lost
that "peaches and cream" complexion
which characterized their entrance into
the bachelor state, and one of the ne
cessary adjuncts of the . table was a
bottle of powdered pepsin which was
partaken of freely after every meal.
But we, students of the California Col
lege, in East Oakland, profiting by. their
mistakes and believing I that the loss
of complexion was due to an overdose
Qfg^e.d^apjawe^^a&^^aju T 44Bgja.,
sue, but only an Infant daughter, Don
na Isabella. The Salic law, which had
been In force since 1713, excluding fe
males from the throne, the crown
should therefore have passed to his
brother, Don Carlos.
But Ferdinand in the later years of
his life had been absolutely tinder the
domination of his fourth wife, Chris
tina of Naples, a handsome, forceful
and unscrupulous woman. Her sway
had been confirmed by the birth of her
daughter Isabella in 1830. She induced
the weak and ailing monarch to Issue
a decree disinheriting his brother in
favor of his infant daughter. That he
transcended his royal prerogative is
generally conceded.
The church threw Its influence on the
side of Don Carlos. The King, who,
according to the state of his failing
health, passed from abject submission
to the will of his wife to equally ab
ject dread of the church, was harassed
with perpetual qualms of conscience as
to the succession. Time after time he
changed his mind.
The final victory, however, was won
by the Queen.
Immediately after his death the baby
Princess Isabella was declared Queen
of Spain, under the regency of her
mother. For five years afterward the
country was desolated by a terrible
civil war, carried on with varying for
tune and unwavering ferocity between
the Carlists and the partisans of Isa
bella. But France and England sided
with the latter, and in 1839 Don Carlos
quitted Spain in dospair. The question
of succession appeared to be settled in
favor of Isabella 11, a child not even
yet in her teens.
Had the new dynasty been conducted
with ordinary prudence, good faith or
loyalty, the world might never have
heard further of the Carlist pretender
to the throne. But the scandals which
brought Queen Christina's regency to a
premature close, the ill-fated marriage
of Queen Isabella to her imbecile
cousin Ferdinand VII, and the reck
lessness of her own conduct kept alive
the hopes of the pretender's partisans.
Don Carlos, the first pretender, died
in 1555. A second pretender arose at
once in the person of his son, Don Car
los, Count de Montemolin. In 1860 an
attempt was made in Valencia to start
the Carlist Insurrection afresh. The
Count was defeated. He and his broth
er Ferdinand were captured. They
were released only after signing a re
nunciation of all their claims to the
Spanish throne.
There was a third brother, Don Juan.
In 1868, when Queen Isabella was forced
to fly from Spain and Carlism once
more became a possibility, Don Juan
abdicated all his rights in favor of his
son, the present Don Carlos, who there
upon became the third pretender.
Nor were his pretensions a mere pre
tense. Prim and Sagasta, the two most
powerful members of the provisional
government established after Isabella's
flight, offered him the crown. But the
gift was conditioned on the promise
that the co-untry should have a consti
tution, and that the church and state
should be separated. Don Carlos re
fused the gift if it came trammeled
by any conditions. He would follow
the Carlist traditions and be an ab
solute monarch or none at all.
"When I come into my kingdom," he
said, "'I shall rule as'l see fit."
It was a youth of 20 who spoke thus
firmly, for Don Carlos de los Dolores
Juan Isidoro Josef Francisco Quirin.o
Antonio Miguel Gabriel Rafael, Duke
of Madrid, and Pretender to the Span
ish throne, was born on March 30, 1848.
that article and made out a menu
which we thought the most fastidious
stomach in the world could not com
plain of. An occasional reference to
Mrs. Rorer's articles on "What to Eat"
knocked the bottoms out of some of
our pet theories, but we believed that
she knew more about the matter than
we did; so we promptly changed our
diet.
■ An. article appeared" recently in a
San Francisco newspaper, giving \ the
report of some governmental tests,
tending to show the feasibility of liv
ing in perfect health on 18 cents a day,
but we, of the "Bachelors' Roost," de
! sire to make the assertion that we not
only j believe, but have i already : proved
that a man : can live comfortably and
work hard on 14 2-7 cents a day. And
even at this ; rate we have /meat | and
vegetables seven times a week, 1 mushes,
various kinds of puddings, plenty of
home-made ; bread, 7 large * quantities of
syrup, ; the , old : standby of ; the ,' college
apgether^-w-UJi Q&aslQgai plea ,
-.,-...; i .1 -. ' -- " , ■...*■*■:;—_ ■■■:■■'• ■■■- ■ - ■.;-'.;>■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
In 1870 Amadeus, the brother of Vic
tor Emmanuel of Italy, was chosen
King of Spain by the Cortes. Don Car
los made a solemn i^-otest against the
usurper. In the summer of 18 t 2 the
northern provinces were r-used to arms
by a body of his partisans, led by his
brother Don Alfonso. Military opera
tions began and were continued with
greater vigor on the arrival of Don
Carlos himself in July, 1873. Aom thia
time till the beginning of 1876 this de
sultory but harassing warfare con
tinued to devastate the r -rthern pro
vinces and tax the rt s urces of the gov
ernment to the utmost. In tl.e Interim
Amadeus had resigned and Alfonso
XII, a son <-: the fugitive Isabella, had
been elected in his place.
The last hopes of the Carlists were
destroyed by the reductio-i in Febru
ary, 1876, of their fortresses Bilbao,
Estella and Tolosa. Don Carlos fled
across the country into France. In a
proclamation to the Spanish nation he
announced that he did not withdraw
from any of his claims, but was merely
awaiting a more propitious opportunity.
This proclamation led to his expulsion
from French territory.
He then made a prolonged tour
through the United States, Mexico and
Europe, finally settling in a magnificent
palace in Venice as his permanent resi
dence. As he himself explains, the
contrast between the glorious past of
the Queen of the Adriatic and its pres
ent melancholy decadence are in har
mony with the feelings and the condi
tions of exiled princes. Besides Don
Carlos, Venice has been the favorite
place of residence of the Count of
Chambord, the Duke of Modena and
other royal refugees.
Don Carlos has been married twice.
His first wife was a Princess de Bour
bon and a niece of the Count de Cham
bord. At tl.e tim<* of the marriage in
1567 and for many years afterward the
couple were very poor. But the deaths
of the Count and Countess de Cham
bord, who bequeathed the larger part
of their wealth to their favorite niece,
made it possible for them to keep up a
royal state.
This was all the more opportune for
the death of the Count de Cham
bord made Dc n Carlos the legitimist
pretender to the throne of France as
well as that of Spain. In the Count de
Chambord the male line of Louis XV
became extinct. Don Carlos, as the eld
est direct male descendant of the sec
ond son of Louis XVI, takes precedence
of the Duke of Orleans, who claims di
rect descent from a brother of the same
monarch.
It may Le added as an Interesting
fact that but for the existence of Prin
cess Mary of Bavaria Don Carlos would
also be the Jacobite claimant for the
English crown.
The first wife of Don- Carlos died in
1893. The last years of their wedlock
had been unhappy, and no one was sur
prised to learn thnt she had distributed
the bulk of her fortune among her five
children, cutting off the Don with a
comparatively small annuity. Money
troubles once more weighed upon the
pretender to two crowns.
He cast about him for a mode of re
lief. Within a twelvemonth after his
first wife*s death the world was star
tled by the announcement of his en
gagement to the Princess Marie Berthe
de Rohan. She was wealthy. She be
longed to a family which had long as
serted its equality with royalty, but she
was oot actually of royal blood. Hence
the new marriage was looked upon as
a mesalliance by the legitimists.
That the disagreement between the
couple had been the result of the
Duke's disreputable behavior and ill
treatment was a notorious fact. So
notorious, indeed, was it that even so
gentle and charitable a critic as Pope
Leo XIII took public cognizance of it.
"When, in November, 1596, the Prin
cess Elvira, a daughter of Don Carlos,
eloped with a married man named
Count Folchi, to the scandal of all Eu
rope and the uproarious indignation of
her father, the Pontiff was quoted as
saying:
"It is indeed a great misfortune. The
father is punished in his child. * It is
the chastisement of his* private life."
Senor Rafael Diez de la Cortina is
the representative of the interests of
Don Carlos in the United States. Last
September he predicted that the Pre
and some preserves. Nor must we for
g-et the stewß, in which we take an
especial pride, and which we are con
ceited enough to believe are almost as
good as those that grandmother used
to make.
One of the chief difficulties encoun
tered is to so divide the work that each
man will not think he is doing more
than his share. In order to live to
gether harmoniously it was found ne
cessary to get the consent of the club
to certain rules and duties. To one
man was assigned the work of cook
ing the morning meal, to another the
one at noon, and to a third the big
meal at night.
Then there are other duties, such as
keeping the rooms in order and the
floors clean, washing the dishes, col
lecting the monpy and keeping the
larder well supplied. At the c.c
the two first meals of the day each
man is supposed to wash his own
dishes, it being the duty of the cook
to provide hot yater tor th»t -purpose;
DON CARLOS OF SPfNN AND HIS WIFE. THE PRINCESS MARIE BERTHE DE ROHON.
Reports from Madrid Indicate that the present Government of Spain may fall at no distant day. It is said Don Carlos, the pretender to the Spanish
throne, will make an effort to gain posession of the country, and it is asserted that General "Weyler, 'who is very popular with the army, will aid him. Don
Carlos is in Brussels at present, and is said to be much agitated by private telegrams he is receiving from Madrid. A Spanish diplomatist of high position
said yesterday. "They are practically in a state of revolution, and it is the beginning of the end of the regency. The Queen Regent may make a final effort in
favor of her Bon, but he will never come to the throne. Don Carlos will be the next King of Spain, and he will be on the throne before the end of next month.
tender would have become King by
January 1, IS9B. He now transfers the
realization of his prediction to June 1,
or even earlier, which is certainly a
very fair margin of time for a prophet
to claim. I saw Senor Cortina yester
but at the close of the evening meal
the dishwasher and his assistant, the
wiper, take charge of this -work.
Possibly the most trying time is when
some one who is studious gets the posi
tion of cook. Perhaps a problem in
geometry commands his attentioa when
the mush is on the boil, or a corn
starch pudding is on the way. Some
times the chops are slightly overdone
as he tries to find whence a pe
culiarly twisted Greek verb comes, or
the tea boils over and puts his nre out.
It is somewhat annoying after you
have made an exceedingly successful
corn starch pudding, when after several
hours' hard work outside you come back
with sundry ideas in your head as to
what you are going to do to that pud
ding, and then find that some nungry
student has been there before you.
Our kitchen and dining hall combined
is situated in one of the lower rooms
of what some of the outsiders call the
tunk house, but which in our language
Is called "Eucajyptus Hall." It is a
day. According to his view the two
prominent parties which support the
regency and Alphonso XIII, the liberals
and the conservatives, are so badly
split up into subdivisions as to be near
ing their political end.
two-story frame building with three
rooms and a hallway and is surmounted
by an immense tank which supplies
water for the college buildings and
grounds. Immediately over the veati
blue stands the windmill, whirring
around with every wind that blows. Ar
first and especially during the winter
gale? we were somewhat alarmed as
the great fan spun around, causing the
building to creak and tremble, but by
B nd by we became used to it and to
the strange clanking noise which it
made, until now its click, click, click,
cling, has a certain music for us.
On the outside of this strange dining
hall various classes have painted the
years of their graduation, and a certain
wit, now a law student in San Fran
cisco, thinking that the tank house
commanded an excellent view of the
back of the college, painted on it in
large brown letters "College Observa
tory, windmill extension," and below,
in smaller letters in Latin, "Sic itar ad
astra."
The first room off the hallway on the
ground floor is where all the cooking
operations are carried on. The first
thing one sees on opening the door is
a medium-sized table covered with red
oil cloth and beyond this, next to the
window, is the stand for the dishes.
In the right-hand corner is the stove,
around which hang an imposing array
of tea pots, coffee pots, stewing pans
and skillets. Behind the door stand the
vegetable boxes and over these is the
dog proof, rat proof, cat proof, but not
student proof cupboard.
Occasionally we get some shots in the
college publications as to our manner
of living and our ability in the culi
nary art. Sometimes a group of the
co-eds, whose poverty of knowledge in
regard to cooking is appalling, will
stick their heads in at our window,
while our cook is preparing some choice
decoction, and ask in the sweetest way
imaginable for a recipe for biscuit, or
how he makes such nice custard pies.
Another thing which militates against
our happiness, is when the tank runs
over. This is liable to occur at any
time, especially when some one leaves
the city water turned on, and as the
roofing is not on the water-proof or
der we sometimes have small inunda
tions to contend with. Lately this
evil has to some extent been overcome
by putting tar paper along the cracks.
Sometimes our ears are harrowed and
our meals interrupted by the most ex
cruciating sounds with which the wind
mill expresses its desire for more
grease.
We experienced great difficulty at
first in getting biscuits to suit our
taste. The first we made had a cas
ing on them strong enough to protect
a cruiser. On consulting some emi
nent authorities we found that this was
due to two much kneading. The next
time we flew to the opposite extreme,
and did not knead them enough, and
furthermore forgot to put salt in. We
have at the present time, however, de
veloped a proficiency in this line.
It took us some time before we could
make the proper allowances for swell
ing on the part, not only of the beans
but also of the rice. Many times we
would put, as we thought, the proper
quantity in the pan, but before those
beans got through with their expansion
several other pans would be called into
requisition. Once a careless cook left
the dish water on the fire, together
with the swab, which happened to be
in the dishpan at the time. The re
sult was disastrous to gasoline, dish
water, pan and swab. The one was
burned out, the dish water had gone
up in steam, the pan was twisted out
of all shape, and the swab was a
charred stick.
Sometimes the hearts of our neigh
bors warmed toward us and many
dainty specimens of cookery found the
As to the republicans and the feder
alists, they are hopelessly split up
among themselves, some drifting to so
cialism and some to anarcmsm, with no
possible point of contact or union.
"In short," was the senor's conclu
way to our kitchen; but lately these
gifts have become less frequent, pos
sibly owing to the fact that we broke
some of the dishes on which they were
sent over and forgot to return others.
Nor must it be supposed that the
sweet dove of peace" hovers over our
little band at all times. Sometimes dis
cord, with ruffled feathers and fire in !
its eye, will swoop down upon us, and
for a time there will be a family scrap.
These little incidents occur from vari
ous causes. Stme mornings the cook
will be late with the breakfast, the
rice may be scorched a little; the man
who gets the dinner will think he is
doing too much work; the man who
runs the finances will kick on the
amount of the syrup bill; the dish
washer and his assistant will raise a
protest because delayed dinners keep
them too long over the dishes, and last
of all a row will start no one knows ex- ;
actly how — but usually there is one in
the party who fails to be ruffled, and by
his benign counsels, ail is poured on the
HYPNOTISM AND CRIME..
I CANNOT imagine a more danger
ous power than hypnotism in the
hands of a wicked, unscrupulous
person who has no idea of its pos
sibilities or limitations except as they
may be subverted in.- wicked uses.
"But the same thing may b2 said of
dynamite, and persona who give public
performances of their hypnotic powers
are in the same category with spiritual
ists who give public exhibitions of so
called materializations. They are
charlatans. Such practices should be
stopped by legislation."
So said a well-known Eastern ohysi
cian who had retired from practice,
and who was with Charcot in Paris ten
years ago, when hypnotism, or the
"science of suggestion," was very
much less discussed and very much
less understood than it is at the pres
ent time.
"Is it possible, in your opinion, for a
man with hypnotic powers to suggest
murder and continue the suggestion
for months until it eventually results
in murder thousands of miles away?"
he was asked.
"Certainly not. There is no authen
ticated case of the kind in the history
of hypnotism in this country. The
French give two or three remarkable
instances, but in dealing with the
French we are dealing with different
people from Americans or with chil
dren of foreigners who have been
brought up here. The French are inter-
Celts. They are peculiarly fitted by
temperament for unusual manifesta
tions in the science of hypnotism."
"Suppose it is suggested to the hyp
notic subject that he shall commit
murder?"
"It is impossible to suppose such a
thing. But to answer your question. I
will say that if a man has it in his
nature to commit murder, hypnotism
or no hypnotism, then he might carry
out a suggestion that he ahould com
mit murder. They had one such case
in France, where they acquitted the
murderess and guillotined the hypno
tist. If it is not in his nature, then no
hypnotist could compel him to do it.
But such suggestions are whipping the
devil a long way around the stump."
Detective Charles Heidelburg. who
was one of Byrnes' confidential men,
sion, "republicanism may be considered
extinct in Spain. Carlism alone is aliva
and vigorous.
"In contrast to these parties, all in
the throes of dissolution," he Baio.
"Carlism stands."
troubled dispositions of the "bachelors"
and peace and harmony prevail again.
This is a somewhat brief description
of where four students, at an expendi
ture of 14 2-7 cents each, cook and eat
three meals a day. Out of this amount
; fuel is bought for the stove and all
necessary cooking utensils purchased.
It might be interesting to know that
every member of the "Bachelors*
Roost" is paying for expenses incurred,
while getting his education, by his
own exertions. Tuition is made by put
ting in spare hours after school work
ing on the college campus. Flower beds
have to be cared for, slips planted and
lawns watered. New roads have to be
made and gravel paths cared for. Fuel
has to be provided for the winter fires,
and passers-by can often hear the
steady chopping of the student's ax
and the crashing of some falling tree.
This is a homely but true picture of
how many of the students of our land
are getting their education to-day.
S. F. LANGFORD.
did not take an extreme view. "When
I was sent to England with Phil Reilly
to bring back the Bernard brothers,"
he said, "Byrnes told us before start
ing: 'Now, these fellows are very
clever. I am told that one of them is a
hypnotist, and that he has used his
tricks in getting away before. All I
have got to say is that if these fellows
get away from you, don't come bacte
here. I shan't want to see y >v again.' "
"I paid particular attention to what
Byrnes said, because of a remarkable
experience I had with a detective from,
Columbus, Ohio, a day or two before.
He came on here to get a fellow who
would net go without extradition pa
pers. A couple of professional hypno
tists were giving an exhibition at a
music hall at the time, and this detec
tive would not be satisfied without an
experiment.
"After the performance I went with
him into the manager's office, and the
Ohio man sat down for a test. I assure
you that in less than three minutes he
had that fellow completely at his
mercy. He handed me his watch, his
badge and almost everything else he
had about him. When brought to his
senses he declared that he had not
been hypnotized. Nothing but hi»
empty pockets convinced him.
""While we were waiting for our pris
oners in London we were invited to din
ner at the National Liberal Club. In
the smoking room we were introduced
to a gentleman who, it happened, was
going across on the same ship. He
went out of his way to make our ac
quaintance and spoke of renewing it on
shipboard. We ran across him before
the vessel was three hours out. When
ever that man could get a chance h»
tried to sit faci..g me and look me
square in the eyes. I got to dislike the
fellow, and told him that I was too bus
ily engaged in taking care of my pris
oners to do much talking."
Mr. Stockton's Graceful Answer,
Frank R. Stockton, the story writer,
was once drinking tea with a younff
lady, who said to him, "It aeems in
consistent, Mr. Stockton, for us to put
sugar in our tea to make it sweet, and
then to put in lemon to make it sour."
"Ah. well." replied the author of "Tha
Lady, or the Tiger?" "but you know
we like to have both women and men
In society."TWENTY MILES OF THOUSAND IN SEARCH GOLD !
IT was in the afternoon of the 10th
of October. 1597, that the little
schooner Nellie G. Thurston, with
twelve hopeful gold s< ";ers aboard,
cast off from Erie Basin, Brooklyn,
and began her long journey of 20,000
miles to Alaska far away.
Her journey's end -"-'as Cooks Inlet
and that was the distance she must
travel to reach there. Could she have
mounted into the air and laid her
se as the crow flies she might have
ted not very far from her destina-
Lfter a flight "f 5000 miles. But
no such tiling could be considered. The
:st be laid ex;, tly in an op
direction and a track plowed
through thousands of miles of salt
\ tor ere she could ever point her
in the direction of her destina-
Then she must baffle the howl
ii.s pales of the Straits of Magellan:
the mountain-like seas of the
South Pacific; struggle across the great
calms' of the Pacific Ocean and run
all the degrees of latitude from 50
to 60 north; or. as the sailor puts
it. "the roasting tens, the warm twen
the pleasant thirties, the roaring
-. the howling fiftic: and the rag
ing sixties" before her final haven is
re i h .
But as she merrily plowed through
the water down through New York bay,
ing to gain spirit and hope as her
. Lt the fresh, invigorating sea
breeze, our little crowd caught the
Bpirit "f the moment and many were
the songs sung and loud were the ex
pressions of hope and satisfaction now
that we were actually upon our way
to the land of shining gold, after so
much hustling and bustling in prepar
ation for our journey.
Little did we think or dream of the
dangers and hardships awaiting us. X>
more did we realize the enormity of
our undertaking than if our little craft
had, indeed, just taken flight for a
sail through the air of 5000 miles. In
stead of the long and tedious voyage
around the great western continent.
Now, that the greater part of our
voyage is over and we are safely land
ed here in San Francisco, we are all de
termined to stick it out until we have
proved our undertaking to be either a
failure or a success; but as we talk
among ourselves of the dangers we
have passed throuerh and the suffering
we have endured we all avow that could
we have known before starting what
awaited us we would not have made
the trip for more pure gold than any of
us i Lire hope to find In Alaska, and I
believe this to be the feeling of the
majority of those who have gone
before us.
But to go back to the beginning of
our voyage. Owing to our hurry and
ty to get away from New York
supplies and personal belongings
had been piled in promiscuous heaps
: the cabin and on the deck of our
and the first few days of our
voyage were occupied in identifying
.irrar.ging our stuff and getting
in ship shape.
The names of our party of twelve,
ling eleven men and one woman'
.;.-•■ as follows: F. E. Dowling. W. E.
Story, G. H. Gunning, A. G. Fields. J.
B. Ely, J. B. "Wadsworth, A. G. Miles
SAYS THIS WAR OPENS A NEW ERA IN OUR HISTORY.
Professor Charles Eliot Norton of Harvard recently made a number of comments on the present war. They
created widespread attention and discussion. Below will be found Professor Norton's own state
ment of why he made the comments and also what he has to say of the character of the Ameri
can people and the future of the country.
PROFESSOR CHARLES ELIOT
NORTON lives in a fine old
house, situated on an eminence
not fifteen minutes' walk from
Harvard. It is the house in
which he was born. It stands
In the midst of what are known as
Norton's Woods, and a wide driveway
leads to it from the traveled road. This
driveway and all the grounds are Pro
fessor Norton's private property, but
he leaves them open as a park for the
benefit of the people of Cambridge.
Shortly before I called on Professor
Norton he had attracted some public
attention by his lecture in the fine arts
course at Harvard, in advising the stu
dents not to enlist for the war with
Spain. What followed he described to
me briefly.
"Let me show you a card I received
to-day," he said, with a laugh; and
he brought from his study a postal
card which bore his name and address.
On the reverse was written in the hand
of a not illiterate man: .
"Professor Charles E. Norton is an
un-American ass," with other senti
ments of a like character, which were
signed "Massachusetts Soldier." This
was the missionary product of the pub
lication of a short paragraph summar
izing what Professor Norton had said
to -the students. He read It two or
three times with evident amusement.
"The occasion of my lecture to the
students," said Professor Norton, "was
the reassembling after the holidays.
Grave events had happened since I
had spoken to them last. War \ had
been declared and I thought it neces
sary to speak to them on the subject of
enlistment. I was moved to quote to
them what Benjamin Franklin said—
that there never was a good war..;
"I '.told them that in time of need
every man should be ready to go to
the defense of his country, but that
this ■ was \ not in any sense -■ a national
war, and as they owed it to the United
Btatea . to give as •' good an ac^oujai of
and Dr. J. L. Hiller, of New York; D.
P. Nolan of Albany, E. I. <""onkling of
Catskill, N. T. f and Mrs. Alice J. Bolles
of I'ackensack, N. J. Mrs. Bolles is a
wealthy and handsome young widow,
who lived In a palatial residence in
Hackensack, surrounded with every
luxury and comfort, but who was lured
away from her sumptuous surround
ings by the desire for nati gold and
the romantic experience of digging it
herself. The rest of the party, with
the exception of Dr. Hiller, who was
formerly a successful i ractitkrner of
Washington, D. C, and J. B. Wads
worth, who is 71 years of age and
whose hair is as white as blow, are
young men employed in the ordinary
avocations of life, and who have gath
ered together our little "all" and have
embarked upon this adventure with all
our hearts, for better or worse.
Our boat is a two-masted schooner,
measuring 87 feet over all. with a crew
of seven. Her space is divided into a
forecastle, galley, and main and after
cabin. In the center of the main cabin
is erected a framework in which the
ship's stores and our outfits are stowed.
Along the two sides are arranged six
teen berths for sleeping accommoda
tion. In the center and at the end of
the cargo-house is fixed our dining
table. Beneath our sleeping bunks are
lockers, protruding so as to form
benches to sit upon. Thus the main
cabin serves as our sleeping-roam, din
ing-room, sitting-room, smoking-room,
library, drawing-room, storeroom and
any other old purpose for which a room
is required.
When the work of chocking away our
effects and making ourselves snug
themselves as possible. I advised them
not to enlist, but to leave that for the
present to men more in sympathy with
the cause with which the war was con
cerned.
"My remarks would have attracted
no attention if one of the older men
present had not got up and asked per
mission to speak. Then he disap
pointed me by making a speech abus
ing Spain — rather jingoish in tone and
accompanied by extravagant gesticu
lation. There were about 400 students
present. They began to laugh at
first, but I asked them to be quiet and
after that they were Jas orderly as
though they had been in church.
"When the young man was through
I simply said that the country of which
he had been speaking was a strong il
lustration of the unhappy effects of bel
ligerency. Spain had lived by war ana
we could see to what condition it had
brought her." 4
Professor Norton's eye twinkled as
he narrated the incident. He looked
more serious when he said: "In en
tering on this war we have outlined a
new policy for the nation and struck a
dangerous blow at the Monroe doctrine,
I fear. We have interfered in th«
government of a Spanish possession
which, though near us, is not ■ a part
of this continent, and which was a for
eign possession long before "the United
States came into existence. •
"Europe . may use that as an argu
ment when she wants to protect ,her
Interests in South America. I foresee
grave consequences to come from this
war — consequences which this nation
will be reaping 200 years hence. I be
lieve that this conflict is going to bring
out the very worst that is in the Amer
ican people."
I asked Professor Norton if he be
lieved what Mr. Depow had quoted
to me from an anonymous urce some
time ago— that the war : would bring
out the dormant patriotism of the
American people.
His reply to; this was. a comment on
Mr. Depew. He 3ald in effect that Mr.
Jjepew's influence on the American peo
ple was not for good— that he , took
nothing serious. .
-'But tie is an American," said rro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1893.
for the long voyage was completed, and
v c were left nothing to occupy our
time and thoughts, we naturally began
to review oar undertaking and specu
late upon the future, and I believe we
now did our first real sober thinking
upon the subject. We had instituted a
very fair library by contributing each
one his selection of books, and when
time began to hang heavily upon us
we fell to reading; but it was easy to
be seen that thoughts other than the
subject before our eyes were uppermost
in our minds.
As the weeks beg to run by and
lessor Norton. '"It is characteristic of
the American to b^ tr.flir.p:. The Amer
ican people art; going into- this war
without a serious thought of the rea
sons or the consequence. it is not
unnatural that this should be so. The
majority of the American people at
lest can look bade only a short dis
tance to the traditions of civilization.
They have acquired the varnish of civ
ilized life, but the natures have not
betn refined. •" .
'•"lhe American people have been
spoiled by prosperity. The materialism
cf this country Is not surprising, for
it grows out of th most amazing expe
rience in prosper) 'y that th? world has
evei seen. The American people have
n^ver really known what :t is to '%;int.
I lock forward -with f^ar 10 the time
when they will fac; that condition.
"The. peasant of Europe is not di^
cuctested. He is occuny.ng the station
in -life, to which he ihinks I- : evidence
had CFsigned him, a::d he is resigned
to its discomforts. But the American
who knows no dls-.omforcs, is clif.cor:
tented because he has not more of the
comforts and luxuries of life. He wants
a Brussels carpet ' on the floor and a
piano. V .
"His wife lives in a state of perma
nent dissatisfaction." ;
I asked Professor Norton if he be
lieved the American people were im
proving or retrograding. He said that
he could see no signs of Improvement
and he saw with fear the development
everywhere of the hoodlum element —
of a class of voters who had no realiza
tion of the obligations of citizenship
GEORGE GRANTHAM BAIN
• • • *
THE WAR AS VIEWED
BY
PRESIDENT ELIOT OF HARVARD.
"Where is it," said President Eliot,
"that the people are crying for war?
It isn't here. I cannot find where it
is. Our soldiers are going in from a
sense of duty, not with any enthusi
asm."
I quoted what Nikola Tesla said to
me recently — that we lacked enthusi
asm because Spain was such an incon
siderable foe. Dr. Eliot said he did not
believe that was the reason. Besides,
he said, we were going to find the prob
lem of war difficult enough even with
an opponent like Spain.
"One reason there is no enthusiasm,"
he said, "may be that the people know
so little about the cause of war. I am
sure I don't know - hy we have gone
to war; and none of us will know until
all the notes that passed between the
two countries are made public. We
have no means of knowing whether the
tone of the President's last communi
cation to Spain was like those which
went before, or whether it illustrated a
change of sentiment.
"Certainly if all his communications
to Spain were like the last he could not
have been trying to avoid a conflict be
cause he must have known that Spain
would not give up her sovereignty in
Cuba. Possibly the members of Con
gress are a~> ignorant about the real
conditions as w* 1 are. Possibly they
yielded to the pressure of what they be
lieved to be public sentiment. That re
ruinds me of what Father Taylor of
Boston said to Senator Henry Wilson
at the time of the last war.
"Congress had done something that
Father Taylor did not approve and he
spoke to Senator Wilson about it. Sen
ator Wilson replied, saying that Father
Taylor did not understand. There was
great pressure from without, he said.
'Where were your inside braces, then?'
said Father Taylor.
"And I wonder where Congress' in
side braces were recently."
Speaking of our lack of preparation
for war Dr. Eliot said that the light
artillery of Massachusetts was
equipped with obsolete guns — guns of
thirtr years ago, of a type for which
ammunition was not made to-day, so
that it would be impossible to put them
MRS. ALICE G. BOWLES, WHO SAILED
WITH ELEVEN ARGONAUTS 20,000
MILES TO ALASKA IN SEARCH OF GOLD.
into service. And then he quoted the
official dispatch which Governor Wol
cott sent to Washington recently an
nouncing that Massachusetts was
wholly without ammunition, as some
thing which the Sp~i Ish Minister no
doubt had foui.d great pleasure in send
ing to his Government. If the Massa
chusetts coast is first attacked by Spain
a gTeat many people probably will hold
Governor Walcott's telegram responsi
ble for that misfortune.
Dr. Eliot said that a number of stu
dents had enlisted, but he tho .ght they
were unwise. In this judgment he does
not agree with some other presidents
of great universities; but he speaks
•with greater authority because Har
vard's enrollment is greater than that
of any other educational Institution in
America.
grow Into months on our voyage we
began to realize with consternation
that we had an extremely long and un
pleasant trip before us from which
there was no escape. The very first
spell of rough weather had weakened
our enthusiasm and now we were left
without that wonderful buoyant ele
ment. There is nothing to break the
monotony but an occasional school of
porpoises giving us chasr, or a flock
of flying firh rising out of the water
and scudding away before the wind,
resembling a "flock" of birds more than
a "school" of fish. We are. so eager for
any kind of excitement or change that
the of "Sail, x.o!" will send us all
Bcampering up on deck with as great
a hubbub as would be justifiable if we
sighted the Flying Dutchman.
The kind of food used to provision a
vessel for so long a voyage is neces
sarily bad— consisting of salted meats
and dried and canned vegetables— and
we begin to grow tired a:. I sick of it.
Never in all my life have I experienced
such disgust and repugnance of any
thing as I did ."or the eternal monotony
of eating. It seemed that we did noth
ing but eat and sleep, and so soon as
one meal w^ould be cleared from the
tabl another would seem to be ready.
Sixty days after leaving ew York
we sighted land at Montevideo, Uru
guay, and I imagine ■ enthusiasm
and excitement-were equal to that on
board the Santa Maria when Columbus
first sighted the land of America.
The sixty days' voyage had seemed
much longer to us, unaccustomed as we
were to traveling by water, and our
eagerness to set foot on land once more
was unbounded. Just as we were about
to enter the harbor, however, and when
our anticipations were highest, a gale
struck us and carried us a hundred
miles out to sea again and for three
days we were hove to. When we did
finally reach Montevideo we were so
sick of the confinement and monotony
that we all went ashore and abandoned
ourselves after the fashion of all good
s 3. i 1 o rs
After a stay of three days at this
place we proceeded to the Straits of
Magellan, whither we arrived fifteen
days later. We had intended to stop
and prospect for gold in Terra del Fu
ego and Patagonia, but after a general
survey of the grounds and some con
versation with the white settlers we
abandoned the idea.
Our aim was now to get through the
straits and out into the Pacific Ocean.
The distance through from the Atlan
tic to the Pacific is 300 miles, and it
proved to be the most difficult, as well
as the most eventful, part of the whole
voyage.
It must be understood that the tide
sets strongly from the Pacific to the
Atlantic through the straits, and that
the wind prevails from the southwest
eleven months in the year. It is not
a mild, steady breeze by any means,
but it ranges from a gentle
zephyr to a tornado and changes from
one extreme to the other so quickly
that navigation by sail is next to im
possible. From the day we entered
the straits to the day we got out into
the Pacific we had either a dead calm
or a heavy gale. Never did we have
a moderate breeze for more than three
hours at any one time.
We were just twenty-six days mak
ing through and not a moment was
lost when sailing was possible. There
are anchorages marked by beacons at
distances of about twenty-five miles
apart, and it is considered a good
day's work from one to the next.
The straits are so narrow and wind
ing that sailing at night Is Impossible
and time and again we failed, by only
three or four miles, to reach our next
anchorage after twelve hours' tacking
and had to put back again.
While we were anchored at Punta
Arenas, which is the only town on the
straits, a very severe gale came up
and with both of. our anchors down
we began to drift acroes the ohannei
direct tor the xo«Jcy shor© on th* op-
posite side. At this critical moment
one of our anchor chains snapped and |
away went anchor and chain.
We thought we were done for, butf
as fortune would have it our others
anchor fouled a sunken wreck and held!
on so fast that all our efforts for the*
next three days failed to clear it. But
it saved us from drifting: ashore.
The fourth day we had a calm and
somehow or other, while we were
floating about, the anchor came loose of:
itself. This was New Year's day and;
we were very pleased at the manner in
which the old anchor showed its pa
triotism.
But this was only the beginning of
our troubles. Fortescue Bay was our
next anchorar.e, and we spent one day
ashore looking for signs of gold. The
next day we essayed to get out, but
after beating all day against wind and
tide we put back there again. We re- <
peated this operation every morning for
nine days before we succeeded.
The eighth day we had got within one
mile of our next port when # a terriflo
storm came down upon us dead ahead,
and we were compelled to run all the
way back under bare poles. We raised
sail in an attempt to go around a sharp
turn, but it was blown into ribbons.
These s\idden storms are called by the
Chileans "williwas."
There is a remarkable thing about
the winds in the straits. There i 3 a
great range of mountain peaks «,n
either side of the straits, completely
walling them in, and as we sailed along
abreast of the opening between theso
peaks the wind was so strong that we
could barely carry double-reefed sails.
Suddenly, as we passed the opening and
came abreast of the mountain we were
"blanketed" by it and would be left
in a dead calm. Several times we were
left thus, helpless with the wind blow
ing a gale overhead.
January is the midsummer month
down here, but for all of this the moun
tain range was completely capped
with huge glaciers and snow. Right
beneath this at the foot of the peaks
the valleys shone with all the luxurious
verdure of a tropical summer.
On the 20th of January we sailed out
into the open sea. A3 night approached
we saw the last of those bristling rocks
that had been such a menace to us and
we were not a bit sorry.
That night a terrific gale struck us
and we expected to be blown back on
the rocks. We had just passed one
of the small boats of the big wrecked
steamer Mataura, which lay on the
rocks within a few miles of us, an ac
count of which appeared in The Call
in the latter part of January. It is
impossible to describe the feeling of ap
prehension and misery that pervaded
our little community that night. For
tunately the wind hauled enough to al
low us to make an offing, but the fury
of the gale never abated for one mo
ment until we actually ran clear out
of its latitude, which was ten days
afterward.
After this we had clean sailing right
up to the line and all was buoyancy
and hope as we flew along past the fly-
Ing spray.
On March 1, Just forty days from
the straits, we sighted a sail. This
was absolutely the first signs of life
we had seen in all this time. To be
sure it was far away from us and only
the highest sails were visible, but it
was life and served to break the de
pressing monotony. By this time our
provisions were all stale and barely
eatable. It's well enough for sailors
and old seamen to talk about salt beef ;
and hard tack being good enough, etc.,
but for we landlubbers it was worse
than any picture of Klondike suffer
ing we had seen.
In fact, the very subject of Klondike
or our final destination in Alaska was
never mentioned. We only hoped and
prayed for San Francisco. We expect
ed to be there within ten or fifteen
days, and so great was our anxiety
that it was hard to restrain ourselves
from going in the rigging to look for
land, though we knew it was hundreds
of miles away. It was at this time
that we ran into the northwest gales
that kept us out so long.
On March 10 we were within three
days' run of San Francisco. During
the next twenty-five days we were con
tinually tossed about by gales and high
seas without one moment's rest.
Without exaggeration, our little boat
was not far from being a lunatic asy
lum. Every conceivable thing was re
sorted to to occupy our minds and
maintain our composure and fortitude.
Three times we were within four
hours of the harbor and were blown
back before terrific gales. Had our
boat been the least unseaworthy she
would not have survived the last gale
we had.
We really had very little hope for our
lives and it is an experience that I
would not pass through again for any
conceivable price. We were now living
on salt meat and bread and the water
was too stale to drink. We had to drink
it in the form of tea or coffee, and it
was bad at that. We knew our friends
at home were anxious for us, and in
our poorly nourished and depressed
condition it was no wonder that now
and then some poor fellow would steal
away into a corner ~nd have it out
with himself.
We have tacked up a clipping of a
Klondiker's letter to a San I rancisco
paper, which we have paraphrased to
suit our cwn case. It 's as *->llows:
In after years, when I take my
grandchildren on my knee and
tell them of my experience in
Alaska, If they don't get down
on tiie floor and howl, I will lam
baste h out of them."
As I Bald before, we are going to
stick it out, and we all feel sure that
the worst of our experience is over,
and that nothing in Alaska will be as
hard to endurA as was our terrible con
finement of six months at nea.
J. B. SLY. .
2122
NEEDS MUST WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES
HOGOED at bow and stern, her deck sloped at tho
ends like a truck's platform, while a slight twist In
the old hull canted the foremast to i>ort and the
mlzzen to starboard. It would be hard to know
when she was on the even keel. The uneven plank-
Ing, inboard and out, was scarred like a chopping
block. possibly from a former and intimate
acquaintance with the coal trade; aloft were dingy gray
Bpars, unscraped for years; slack hemp rigging, untarred
for years and tan-colored sails, mended with patch upon
patch of lighter hued canvas which doubled and trebled
their thickness.
THE CAPTAIN YELLED
BACK WITH c FINE
COCKNEY ACCENT.
ing cut through between stanchions with axes instead or
saws, and the bulwarks were further di.sngured by extra
holes smashed through at the stanchions to take the
lashings uf the gun breechings. But the guns were bright
and cared for, as were the uniforms of the crew, for they
had been lately transhipped.
Far from home, with a general cargo, this ancient old
trader h.ad br*m taken in a fog by Captain Swarth and his
men an hour before their own well-known vessel had
sunk alongside— which gave them just time to hoist over
WONDERS OF THE ELECTRIC ARC
Metals Melted and Welded in the Blacksmith-Shop
of the Future.
PROFESSOR ELJHU THOMSON
of Lynn, Mass., has developed a
new use for the electric arc
which has a special interest in
these days of war scares. It is
a process, moreover, which will
be put to good use in machine shops
all over the world.
It is, in short, a simple method for
perforating harveyizedplates.which are
used as an outer protective skin for
our men-of-war. A harveyized plate
is, popularly speaking, a sheet of iron
which has been excessively case-hard
ened. The surface of the metal is al
most as hard as glass; the interior is
comparatively soft and serves as a
backbone to support the outer casing.
Sometimes it is necessary to bore holes
in this outer casing, a rather discour
aging process, because the steel is
really as hard as the drill which is used
to perforate it. Professor Thomson
now comes forward with a small in
strument which generates an electric
arc and which will fuse a hole through
this hard steel surface in an instant.
There is nothing very remarkable
about the instrument itself; it is the
idea which is novel. The tool Js pri
marily two metal points, each one of
which constitutes the end of a broken
circuit. These two points are clamped
very close together. When a current
v *4«rned on from a dynamo it cannot
that seemed to
fall apart from
their own weight.
She was English
built, bark rig
ged, bluff in the
bow, square in
the stern, un
painted and
leak y— on the
whole as un
kempt and dis
reputable looking
a craft as ever
flew the black
fiag, and with
the clank of the
pump marking
time to the wail
ing squeak of the
iiller ropes, she
wallowed
through the sea
like a dog in an
eddying tideway.
Even the black
flag at the gaff
end wore a make
shift, slovanly
air. It wai a
square section of
the bark's fore
royal, painted
black around the
skull and cross
bone desi g,n,
which had been
left to the origi
nal hue of the
canvas. The port
holes were equal
ly slovenly in
appearance, bf-
guns and ammunition. When the fog shifted the pursuing
English war-brig that had riddled the pirate saw nothing
but the peaceful old tub ahead and went on into the fog,
looking for the other.
"Any port in a storm. Angel," remarked Captain
Swarth, as he flashed his keen eyes over the rickety fab
ric aloft; "but we'll find a better one soon. How do the
boys stand the pumping?"
Mr. Angel Todd, first mate and quartermaster, filled
a black pipe before answering. Then, between the first
and second deep puffs he said: "Growlin'— dammum."
"At the work?"
"Yep, and the grub. And they say the 'tween deck
and forecastle smells o' bedbugs and bilge water — and
they want their grog. "An ungodly witness scorneth
judgment; and the mouth of the wicked devoureth in
iquity.' " Mr. Todd had been educated for the Methodist
pulpit; but. going out as a missionary, he had fallen into
ungodly ways himself on the slave coast and taken to the
sea. where he was more successful. Many of ills old
phrasings clung to him. _
"Well," drawled the captain, "men get fastidious and
high toned in this business — can't blame them, but we've
got to make the coast, and if we don't pick up something
on the way we must careen and stop the leak. Then
they'll have something to growl about."
"S'pose the brig follows us in? "
"Hope she will," said Captain Swarth, with a pleasant
smile and a lightening of his eyes— "hope she will, and
give me a chance. Her majestic widowship owes 'me a
brig, and that's a fine one." Mr. Todd had never been
known to smile, but at this speech he lifted one eyebrow
and turned his saturnine fa.cc full, at his superior, in
quiry written upon every line of it. Captain Swarth
was musing, however, and said no more; so the mate,
his long figure down the poop-ladder, and went forward to
harass the men — which, in their opinion, was all he was
good for.
According to his mood, Mr. Todd's speech was choicest
English, or the cosmopolitan, technical slang of the sea,
mingled with wonderful profanity. But one habit of his
early days he never dropped— Vbe wore, in the hottest
weather, and in storm and battle, the black frock and
choker of the clerical profession. Standing now, with one
foot on the fore hatch, waving his long arms and objur
gating the scowling men at the pumps, he might easily
have seemed, to any one beyond the reach of his language,
to be a clergyman exhorting them. Captain Swarth
watched him with an amused look on his sun-burned face,
and muttered, "Good man, every inch of him, but he can't
handle men." Then he called him aft.
"Angel." he said, "we made a mistake !n cutting the
ports; we can't catch anything afloat that sees them, so
flow from one point to the other when
they are so separated, but when these
two points are held against a steel plato
the latter completes a very imperfect
electric circuit. It is just as though
you held the tips of two fingers near
together against a board. The cur.
rent of electricity flows down one fin
ger or point across the surface of the
plate to the other point and so on back
to the dynamo.
But this connection, electrically
speaking, is very bad, and when an
electric current encounters a bad con
nection it always makes things hot' for
it. In fact, if the points are held
against the plate for more than a mo
ment the surrounding parts would fuse.
In actual work, however, the little sec
tion of plate situated between the two
points of the fusing-tool is instantly
softened and can be easily drilled.
Heretofore there has been great trou
ble in machine shops when case-har
dened metal had to be perforated, but
this new and simple process will now
remove all the difficulty.
Elihu Thomson is the high priest of
electric welding, and in his laboratory
in Lynn, Mates., he is constantly trying
to develop new uses for the electric
current in this direction. He has al
ready, by his inventions, changed the
method of work in the bigger machine
shops of the country. The scene in
the laboratory is unique. On all sides
the gleaming arcs, sending off little
shooting stars of molten metal as the
levers of the machines are Jammed
hard down, show where an experiment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8 1893.
ONE DASH AND TODD WAS UPON HIM.
ELECTRIC WELDING OF TROLLEY CAR TRACKS.
is being made, or where some welding
is being done by contract.
The process is very simple. Two
wires, for instance, are placed end to
end in the machine and the current is
turned on. Immediately the two ends
where they touch become white hot.
The current is instantly switched off,
the ends cool and the two wires have
become one. The joint is a little blv
swelled where the machine has pushed
the ends hard together, but the joim.
itself is just as much a single piece ot
metal as any other portion of the wires.
The operation is performed more rap
idly than it takes to tell it, and one
man may so weld thousands of bars to
gether in a day.
The reason the current so acts is as
follows: Every piece of metal resists
the passage of a current of electricity
according: t» its size and density. Every
we'll have to pass for a peaceable craft until we can drift
close enough to board something. I think the brig'll be
back tliis -way, to 6. (let out some old tarpaulins and cover
up the porta. Paint them, if you can, the color of the
sides, and you might coil some lines over the rail, as
though to dry. Th.-n you can break out cargo and strike
the guns down the main hatch."
Thrw days later, with Cape St. Roche a black Una
to the westward, a round shot across her bows brought
the vc-ssel — minus the black emblem now, and outwardly
respectable— up to the wind, with malntopsail aback,
while Captain Swarth and a dozen of his men— equally
respectable In the nondescript rig of the merchant sailor
—watched the approach of an English brlg-of-war. Mr.
Todd and the rest of the crew were below hatches with
the guns.
The brig came down the wind like a graceful bird— a
splendid craft, black, shiny and shipshape, five guns to
a side, brass-bound officers on her auarter-deck, blue •
jackets darted about her white deck and up aloft a home
ward-bound pennant trailing from her main truck, and at
her gaff end a British ensign as large as her main royal.
Captain Swarth lazily hoisted the English (lag to the
bark's griff, and, as the brig rounded to on his weather
beam, he pointed to it; but his dark eye« sparkled envi
ously as he viewed the craft whose Government's protec
tion he appealed to.
"Bark ahoy," came a voice through a trumpet; "what
bark Is that?" Captain Swarth swung himself into the
mizzen ripping and answered through his hands with an
excellent cockney accent: "Tryde Wind, o' Lunnon,
Cappen Quirk, fifty-woon dyes out fro' Leeverpool, bound
to Callao, general cargo."
"You were not heading for the Horn.'*
"Him a leakin' badly. Him a goin' to myke the coast
to careen. D'ye happen to know a good place?"
An officer Left the group and returned with what
Captain Swarth knew was a chart, which a few of them
studied, while their captain hailed again:
"See anything more of that pirate brig the day?"
"What! When— a peerate? Be 'c a peorate?" answered
Captain Swarth. in agitated tones. "Be tnat you a-chasin'
of 'im? Naw, hi seed nothink of 'lm arter the fog shut
'im out."
The captain conferred with his officers a moment, then
called:
"We are going in to careen ourselves. That fellow
struck us on the water-line. We are homeward bound,
and Rio's too far to run back. Follow us -in: but if you
lose sight of us, it's a small bay, latitude S 51 40 south,
rocks to the north, low land to the soutn, good water at
the entrance and a fine beach. Look out for the brig.
It's Swarth and his gang. Good morning."
piece of metal -will carry just so much
current comfortably, but if more than
this amount is sent over it it will im
mediately become hot. If the currant
is made strong enough the metal will
fuse. It will become hottest where the
electricity encounters the most resist
ance. If two wires are held end to end
and a current is made to pass through
them they will become hottest at the
point where they join, because the cur
rent has gTeat trouble to pass across
the joint. If the current is made strong
enough the wires at the point of Junc
ture will get red and then white hot,
and finally they will fuse, and so
to speak, run into each other. Then
if the current is suddenly cut off it wil!
be found that the joint has really be
come a solid mass. This, in short, is
the whole process of welding by elec
tricity* The wires or metals are made
By Morgan Robertson
"Aye, that hi will. Thankee. Good marnin .
In three hours the brig was a speck under the rising
land ahead, In another she was out of sight; but before
this Captain Swartli and his crew had held a long confer
ence, which resulted in sail being shortened, though the
man at the wheel was given a straight course to the bay
described by the English captain.
Late on the following afternoon the old bark blundered
Into this bay— a rippling sheet of water, bordered on all
sides by a sandy beach. Stretching up to the mountainous
country inland was a luxurious forest of palm, laurel and
cactus", bound and intertwined by almost impassable
undergrowth, and about half-way from tne entrance to
the end of the bay was the English brig, moored ana
slightly careened on the inshore beach. Captain Swarth's
seamanly eye noted certain appearances of the tackles
that held her down, which told him that the work was
done and she was being slacked upright. "Just in time,
he muttered.
They brought the bark to anchor near the beach, about
a half-mile from the brig toward the entrance, furled tho
canvas and ran out an anchor astern with the cable over
the taffrail. Heaving on this, they brought the vessel
parallel with the shore. So far— good. Guns and cargo
lightered ashore, more anchors seaward to keep her oft
the beach, masthead tackles to the trees to heave her
down and preventer rigging and bracos to assist the masts
would have been next in order, but they proceeded no
further toward careening. Instead they lowered the two
crazy boats, provisioned and armed them on the in-shoro
side of the bark, made certain other preparations— and
waited.
On tho deck of the English brig things were moving.
A gang of blue jackets, under the first lieutenant, were
heaving In the cable; another gang, under the boatswain,
Vere sending down and stowing away the heavy tackles
and careening gear, tailing out halliards and sheets and
coiiing down the light running rigging, while topmen aloft
loosed the canvas to bunt-gaskets, ready to drop It at the
call from the de<k.
The second lieutenant, overseeing this latter, paced the
port quarterdeck and answered remarks from Captain
Bunce, who paced the sacred starboard side (the brig being
at anchor), and occasionally turned his glass on tne
dilapidated craft down the beach.
"Seems to me, Mr. Shack." he said across the deck,
"that an owner »who would send that bdrk around the
Horn and the master who would take her ought to be
sequestered and cared for, either in an asylum or in jail."
"Yes, sir: I think so, too," answered the second lieu
tenant, looking aloft. "Might be an Insurance job. Clear
away that bunt-gasket on the royal yard," he added in
a roar.
Captain Bunce— round, rosy, with brilliant mutton-chop
whiskers— muttered: "Insurance — wrecked intentionally—
no, not here where we are; wouldn't court investigation
by her majesty's officers." He rolled forward, then aft
and looked again through the glass.
"Very large erew — very large," he said, "very curious,
Mr. Shack."
A hail from the forecastle, announcing that the anchor
was short, prevented Mr. Shack ans»wrring. Captain
Bunce waved a deprecatory hand to the first lieutenant,
who came aft at unco, while Mr. Shack descended to the
waist and the boatswain ascended the forecastle steps to
attend to the anchor. The first lieutenant now had charge
of the brig, and from the quarterdeck gave his orders to
the crew, while Captain Bunce busied himself with his
glass and his thoughts.
Fore-and-aft sail was set and head sheets trimmed
down to port, square sails were dropped, sheeted home and
hoisted, foreyards braced to port, the anchor tripped and
lished and the brig paid off from the land breeze, and
with foreyards swung, steadied down to a course for the
entrance.
"Mr. Duncan," said the captain, "there are fully forty
men on that bark's deck, all dressed alike— all in rod shirts
and knitted caps, and all dancing aiound like madmen.
T.n. .k!" He handed the glass to the first lieutenant, who
brought it to bear.
"Strange," said the officer after a short scrutiny;
"there were only a few showing when we spoke her
outside. It looks as though they were all drunk."
As they drew near, sounds of singing— uproarious dis
cord—reached them, and soon they could see with the
naked eye that the men on the bark were wrestling, danc
ing and running about.
"Quarters, sir?" inquired Mr. Duncan. "Shall we
bring-to, alongside?"
"Well— no — not yet," said the captain, hesitatingly; "it'a
all right— possibly; yet it is strange. Wait a little."
They waited and had sailed down almost abreast of the
gray old craft, noticing as they drew near an appreciable
diminution of the uproar, when a flag arose from the stern
of the bark, a dusky Hag that straightened out directly
toward them, bo that it was difficult to make out.
But they soon understood. As they reached a pomt
squarely abreast of th<' l^rk, flvu points of flame burst
from her innocent gray sides, fivo'clouds of smoke ascended
and five round shot, coming with the thunder of the guns,
hurtled through their rigging. Then they saw the design
of the flag, a white skull and cro^sbones, and noted
another, a black flag, too, but pennani -shaped, and show
ing in rudely painted letters the single word, "Swarth,"
sailing up to the forepeak.
"Thunder and lightning," roared Captain Bunce.
"Quarters. Mr. Duncan, quarters, and In with the kites.
Give it to them. Put about first."
A youngster of the crew had sprung below and imme
diately emerged with a drum which, without definite in
structi r>n. he hammered vigorously ; but before he had
begun men were clearing away gunsandmanningflying-jib
down-haul and royal clew-lines. Others sprang to stations,
anticipating all that the sharp voice of the first lieutenant
could order. Around came the brig on the other 'tack and
sailed back, receiving another broadside through her rig
ging and answering with her starboard guns. Then for a
time the din was deafening. The brig bacKed her main
yards and sent broadside after broadside tnto the hull of
the old craft. But it was not until the eighth had had
gone that Captain Bunce noticed through the smoke that
the pirates were not firing. The smudge from the burning
canvas port coveriners had deluded him. He ordered a
cessation. Fully forty solid shot had torn through that
old hull near the water-line, and not a man could now be
seen on her deck.
"Out with the boats. Mr. Duncan." he said; "they're
drunk, or crazy, but they're the men we want. Capture
them."
"Suppose they run, sir— suppose they take to their boats
and get into the woods, shall we follow?
"No, not past the beach— not into an ambush.
The four boatloads of men which put off from the brig
found nothing but a deserted deck on the sinking bark
and two empty boats hauled up on the hoacn. The pirates
were in the woods— undoubtedly, having kept the bark
between themselves and the brig- as they pulled ashore.
The two lieutenants conferred for a few moments, while
the blue jackets clustered around tne bows of their boats
and watched nervously the line of the forest up the beach,
from which bullets might come at any time, and had
decided to put back, when a rattling chorus of pistol
reports sounded from the depths of the woods. It died
away then was heard a crashing of bush and nranen, and
out upon the sands sprang a figure— a long, wierd figure
in black frock of clerical cut. Into their midst it sped with
mighty bounds, and sinking down, lifted a glad face to tho
heavens with the groaning utterance: <1 0, God, I thank
thee. Protect me, gentlemen— protect me from those
wicked men. 1 ' . _
"What is it? Who are you 7" asked Mr. Duncan; "were
to carry more current than they can
comfortably contain, and the result is
as stated above.
This simple process is now being used
by the Government in the manufacture
of shells fc-r navy and army uae. Here- (
tofore the shells were made of castiron
or else of steel by some very costly pro
cess. Now, the shell is made in two
APPARATUS FOR WELDING SHRAPNEL SHELLS.
portions. The point is made of very
high carbon steel, while the body and
| base is made of ordinary machinery
I steel, and the two are electrically weld
ed together at slight expense. In fact,
i this very simple method causing two
metals to become one is destined to
play a leading part in the manufacture
of ordnance and in battle-ship con
they shooting at you?" .' ' ■ L, r hflV would
"Yes-at me-who never harmed a fly. ™%n% n wo ™
have killed me. My name is Todd. <?• su^ ( ■'if c You are
you will protect me? You are English officers, xou ara
not pirates and murderers." - j .-^miii hpre 7 "
' "But what has happened? Do you live o "™_ he s suer u e
It took some time for Mr. Todd to «get down sura
clently to tell his story coherently. He v. as^an.W
laborer in the vineyard of the Lord. •He ■ had 'S leane £
among the poorest of. the native population In the out
skirts of Rio Janeiro until his health suffered, and had
taken passage home in a passenger ship, V hlch. ten days
I out, was captured by a pirate brig. And the pirate crew
■had murdered every soul onboard but himself, and only
spared his life, as he thought, for the purple of amuse
ment: for they had compelled him. to dance— he, a m ter
of the gospel-and had made him drink under torture,
and recite ribald poetry, and swear, and ™asri. tneir
clothes. All sorts of indignities had been .heaped upon
him, but he had remembered the injunction of the Master,
and had invariably turned the other cheek when smitten,
and had prayed for their souls. He told of the flight from
the English war brig; of the taking of the old hark in trie
fog. and the sinking of the pirate craft, of the transfer of
guns and treasure to the bark, and the Interview at sea
with the .English brig, in which Captain arth had
deceived the other, and of Captain Swarth /eckless conn
dence in himself which had induced him to follow the brig
in. and careen in the same bay. He wound vp _ h s tale
with lurid description of the drunken debauch following
the anchoring of the bark-during which he had trembled
■ for his life— of the insane firing on the brig as he Pa^ed
and the tumbling into the boats when the brig "*"£?*£
the fire, of the night Into the woods, the lighting among
themselves, and his escape under fire. '„„„**. n •
As ■he finished he offered an incoherent P Ta *% r °*
thankfulness, and the sympathetic Mr. Shack drew forth
his pocket flask and offered it to the agitated su fferer
but Mr. Todd. who could probably drink more wn >_ \vitn
less results than any man in the pirate crew, declined the
poison with a shiver of abhorrence. Then Mr. Duncan,
who had listened thoughtfully, said: "You speak of treas
ure; did they take it with them?" . *„.*
Mr. Todd opened wide his eyes, looked toward the dark
shades of the forest, then at the three masts of 'the bark
sticking out of the water, and answered, Impressively.
"Gentlemen, they did not. They were Intoxicated—
with liquor. They took arms and a knapsack of food to
each man— they spoke of an inland retreat to which tney
•were going— but the treasure from the passenger ship— tne
bars of gold and the bags of diamonds— they forgot. They
transferred it from their sinking vessel when sober, but
when intoxicated they remembered food and left it behind.
Gentlemen, there is untold wealth In the hull out there
which your fire has sunk. .It is, verily, the root of all evil;
let us hope that it remains at the bottom of the sea.
"Bars of gold— bags of diamonds," said Mr. Duncan.
"Come on board. Mr. Todd; we'll see what the captain
thinks." _ .
During the breakfast the two lieutenants reported the
results of a survey which they had taken of the wreck at
daylight. :
"We find." said Mr. Duncan, "about nine feet of water
over the deck at the stern and about three feet over the
fore-hatch at low tide. The topgallant forecastle is awash
and the end of the bowsprit out of water, so that we can
easily reach the upper ends .of the bobstays. There id
about five feet rise and fall of tide. Now, we have no
pontoons nor casks. Our only plan, captain, is to lift
her bodily." -. . :i; >~ ■ :
"And we have a diving suit and air pump," said Mr.
Shack, enthusiastically, "and fifty men ready to dive
without suits. We can raise her, captain. In two weeks,"
. "Gentlemen," said Captain .Bunce, grandly. "I have
full faith in your seamanship and skill. I leave the work
in your hands." Which was equivalent to an admission
that- he was fat and lazy, and did not care to take an
active part.
"Thank you. sir." said Mr. Duncan, and "thank you,
sir." said Mr. Shack; then the captain said other pleasant
things, which brought other pleasant responses, and th->
breakfast passed so agreeably that Mr. Todd, in spite of
the soul-felt yearning for a smoke inspired by the cigars
in the mouths of the others, felt the influence of the
enthusiasm and bestowed his blessing— qualifiedly on the
enterprise. • .. . - . -?-i.;-'
Every man of the brig's crew was eager for the work,
but few could engage at first: for there was nothing but
the forecastle deck and the bark's rigging to stand upon.
In three days the bark's nose was as high as the seven
part tackle would bring it, with as many men heaving as
could find room at the windlass brakes. Then they clapped
a luff tackle on the fall, and by heaving on this, nippering
and fleeting up, they lifted the forehatch and forecastle
scuttle 'out of — which was enough. Before this
another gang had" been able to slip the other chain to
position abaft the mizzenmast, hook on the tackle and
lead the fall through a snatchblock at the quarter bit
forward to the midship capstan. Disdaining the diving
suit, they swam down nine feet to do these things, and
When they had towed the rope forward they descended
■seven feet to wind it around the capstan and ship the
' bars— which they found in a rack at the mainmast.
.. A man in the water weighs practically nothing, and to
heave around a capstan under water requires lateral
resistance. To secure this they dived with hammers and
nails, and fastened a circle of cleats to catch their feet.
Then, with a boy on the main fiferail (his head out) hold-
Ing slack, eighteen men— three to a — would inhale all
the air their lungs would hold, and with a "one, two.
three," would flounder down, push the capstan around a
few pawls and come up, gasping blue in the face —
perch on their bars and recover. It went slowly, this
end, but in three days more they could walk around with
their heads above water.
' In the morning the work was resumed and more boxes
sprinkled the bay. They drifted up with the flood and
back they came with the ebb tide; but among them now
were about forty others, unobserved by captain Bunco
pacing his quarterdeck,, but noted keenly by Mr. Todd.
These forty drifted slowly to the off-shore side of tne
brig and stopped, bobbing up and down on the crisp
waves. «yea -though the wind blew briskly with the tide
and they .should have gone on With the others. It was
then that Captain Bunce stepped, below for a cigar, and it
was then that Mr. Todd became strangely excited, hop
ping along the port rail and throwing overboard every
rope's end within reach, to the wonder and scandal of an
open-eyed steward In the cabin j door, who immediately
apprised the captain.
Captain Bunce, smoking a freshly lit cigar, " emerged
to witness a shocking sight the good and noiy Mr. Todd,
with an intense expression on his somber countenance,
holding a match to a black pipe and puffing vigorously,
while through the ports and over the rail red-shirted men,
dripping wet and scowling, were boarding his brig. Each
man carried a cutlass and 12-inch knife, and Captain
Bunco needed no special Intelligence to know that he wad
tricked. -■ -
One hail only he gave, and Mr. Todd. his pipe glowing
like a hot coal, was upon him. The' captain endeavored to
draw his sword,' but sinewy arms encircled him, his cigar
was removed from his lips and inserted in the mouth of
Mr. Todd alongside the pipe, and he was lifted, spluttering
with astonishment and rage, borne to the rail and dropped
overboard, his sword clanking against the side as he
-descended. When he came to the surface and looked up,
he saw through a cloud of smoke on the rail the lantern
jaws of Mr. Todd working convulsively on pipe and cigar
and heard the angry utterance: "Yes, d n ye. I smoke."
Then a thundering voice behind Mr. Todd roared out:
"Kill nobody— toss 'em overboard." and tne captain saw
his servants, cooks and stewards tumbling over to join
him.
Captain Bunce turned and swam, there was nothing
else to do. Soon he could see a black-eyed, bla-ck-mus
tachrd man on his quarter-deck delivering orders, and he
recognized the thundering voice he had heard, but none
of the cockney accent of Captain Quirk. Men were already
on the yards loosing canvas, and as he turned on his back
to rest — for though fleshy and buoyant, swimming in full
uniform fatigued him— he saw his anchor chains whizzing
out the hawse pipes.
He was picked up by the first boat to put off from the
bark, and ordered pursuit, but this was soon seen to be
useless. The clean-lined brig had sternway erjual to the
best speed of the boats, and now head Balls wore run up.
and she payed off from the shore. Topsails were sheeted
home and hoisted, she gathered way. and with topgallant
sails and royals.spanker and staysails follwing it in quick
succession, the beautiful craft hummed down to the inlet
and put to sea, while yells of derision occasionally came
back to the white-faced men in the boats.
A month later, the rehabilitated old bark also stag
gered out the entrance, and with a naked, half-starved
crew and sad-eyed, dilapidated officers, headed southward
for Rio Janeiro.
struotion.
In the mind's eye one can picture a
vessel which has been fused electrically
into one piece. Strained plates would
become a thing of the past and ?eaks
could not occur. The masts, deck and
hull would be welded together in a
manner which would not admit of any
separation short of some violent con-
vulsion. Such a craft would be In its
way well nigh invincible.
It would seem even from the present
outk.-nk that the day of the rivet is
doomed to pass away, for the welding
machine is taking its place in all kinds
of work. It is used to fuse together the
ironwork of skyscrapers, and It is used
by the larger manufacturers in joining
thehard and soft parts of steel and Imn
tools; It Is need in the blacksmith shop,
and it Is even now employed by the
roadside for Avelding together the ends
of steel rails which are to be used for
trolley car tracks. The tracks of trolley
roads have to be electrically connected,
each one with the nt-xt, so that the
electric circuit will be continuous.
Heretofore a short piece of wire un
derground riveted across the junction
of every two rails had been found suf
ficient. But now the rails are being
made into one piece by a portable elec
tric welding car, which travels along
the track and reaches down a great
electric maw which eats into the mole
cules of the steel and fuses the rail 3
together.
WELDING BY ELECTRICITY IN ELIHU
THOM SON'S LABORATORY.STORY OF "OLD GLORY "
TOLD IN PICTURES
i Flags That Waved Over the .Nation Before
the Stars and Stripes Were
Adopted.
OLD GLORY, as known to-day —
that Is, with thirteen alternate
red and white stripes represent
ing the original States in the
Union, and a star for each State —
was first officially declared on June 14,
1"7, when Congress said: "Resolved,
That the flag of the thirteen United
States be thirteen stripes, alternate
red and white; and that the union be
thirteen stars, white in a blue field,
representing a new constellation."
It seems as though the committee
that decided on the flag— George Wash
ington, Robert Morris and Colonel
Ross — must, when it drafted the reso
lutions, have had in mind Dryden's
lines:
A constellation Is but one.
Thong- 'tis a train of stars.
Old Glory: Tes. The flag is old as
national emblems go; for, though just
completed its one hundredth and twen
ty-first year, it is older than all the
flaps of the great nations of Western
Europe. The flag of Great Britain
dates in its present form from the
foundation of the United Kingdom, in
1S00; the French tricolor was adopted
in 1794; the German and Italian ban
ners are no older than the existing
retrime of those countries, and the j
Spanish adopted theirs in 1785.
The first flag, made under the direc
tion, of the committee appointed to de
sign it, had its thirteen stars In a cir
cle on a blue field, typical of perpet
uity, and the story is that the three
members employed Mrs. John Ross,
who kept a little upholstery shop on
Arch street, in Philadelphia., to make
it. To Mrs. Ross, it is said, we owe the
five-pointed star, for the committee
had decided on six points. The legend
also is that at the time the flag was
adopted John Paul Jones was appoint
ed to the command of the continental
Fhip-of-war Ranger, and that he was
the first to raise the stars and stripes,
whtch floated over his ship.
The stars ai:d stripes as formally
adopted were the outcome of many
changes, and it was long before the
cross of Pt. fle«ir?e was dropped from
previous flags that appeared in the
colonies immediately before and during
the first two years of the Revolutio-n.
Early in 1775 an American insurgent
fine appeared in New England bear
ing the red cross of St. George, and
booh the pine tree — adopted by New
England generally — was united with
the cross. The Puritans looked with
disfavor on the cross, and it wa?
dropped. Then the pine tree appeared
alone, or in connctio-n with the mot-
I "Liberty Tree," "An Appeal to
God."
From the New England navy flag of
1776 all suggestions of a cross disap
peared, and the pine tree, between the
ANNA DICKIE'S CURIOUS PROPHECY
WHEN SHE CHRISTENED THE OLYMPIA.
THE proudest little lady in the
land to-day is Miss Anna Dickie,
daughter of George W. Dickie,
managing director of the Union
Iron Works.
Miss Dickie's pride is quite pardon
able, too, for she had the honor of shed
ding the first blood for the new navy.
It came about this way.
When the cruiser Olympia was ready
fr-r launching, it was decided that Miss
Dickie should act as godmother and
christen the ship. There were some re
iic;ious objections offered by the ultra
pious regarding the use of champagne
i: t the ceremony, but this point was
finally settled in favor of the wine,
with the stipulation that only the na
tive product was to be used.
Many will remember the excitement
created when it was announced that
the day had been set and the future
pride of the new navy would meet her
native element, on November s, lß92. All
San Francisco was anxious to see the
spectacle and seats were at a premium.
Tugs and other small craft had been
engaged weeks ahead, .-ill b.-ing decked
Avith gay bunting, our national emblem
predominating, of course.
At last the exciting moment arrived.
A breathlt-Fs pause — the sound of ham
mers — and, whiz, the big vessel swept
down to kiss the waters.
As the good ship slid along the ways
Miss Dickie raised a bottle of cham
jvtcrne and brought it down with a
crash over the bows of the vessel.
Whistles shrieked, cannon boomed and
people shouted themselves hoarse. At
this juncture a smile of fortitude was
WHEN ANNA DICKIE CHRISTENED THE CRUISER OLYMPIA.
Anna Dickie, as she was on November 5, 1892, when she christened the United States cruiser Olympia.
Anna was born in San Francisco August 28, 1885. She is the youngest child and only daughter of G. W. Dickie, the
jaanaging director of the Union Iron Works. She is now attending school in San Mateo, but believes more in a plenti
ful use of her wheel and tennis racquet than in hard study. She rejoices to know that the Olympia helped Commodore
Dewey and his brave officers and men to secure the notable victory at Manila, and trusts that the Philippine Islands
will soon be opened up to receive the priceless benefits of liberty and civilization.
When Anna Dickie christened the Olympia she cut a finger on the champagne bottle. Turning to her father, she
said, prophetically: "This vessel will shed the first blood in war for the defense of her country." That was in 1892, long
before trouble with Spain was dreamed of. The Olympia was Admiral Dewey's flagship before Manila and led the fight.
two mottoes above given, stood on a
white field, bordered top and bottom
with blue stripes. Vessels of the Uni
ted States navy flew this flag for some
time.
At Lexington there was no American
flag, but two months later, at Bunker
Hill, there were several. One was red,
bearing only the defiant motto "Come
if you dare." Another was blue, with
a white canton quartered by a red St.
George Cross and a pine tree at the top
inner corner.
At this time Rhode Island had a
white flag, bearing a blue cross in the
center, and New York likewise flew a
white banner with a black beaver.
South Carolina first adopted, in 1775,
a blue flag with a crescent moon in the
upper corner next to the staff, but this
flag fell into disuse, and the Gadsden
flag of yellow, displaying a rattlesnake
having thirteen rattles, with the mot
to, "Do not tread on me," took its place
in 1776, and met with great favor.
It was really Benjamin Franklin who
gave the snake to American heraldry,
when, in his Philadelphia Gazette in
1754, he pictured the colonies as a snake
in thirteen parts, with the legend
"Unite or die."
South Carolina, through her dele
gate to the Central Congress, adopted
the idea, and in 1776 the rattlesnake of
the South and the pine tree of the
North were united. It was Paul Jones'
first flag. He had the green pine tree
in the center of a white banner, with
noticeable on Miss Dickie's counte
nance, as if something had happened
to cause her pain. In the excitement
of the moment this incident was quite
overlooked by the spectators, bat some
observing people wondered why she
wrapped her handkerchief around h-er
finger, where it remained the rest of
the day.
When the news was t'.'le_!?raphod
around the world that brave Dewey
had met and defeated the Spanish fleet
at Manila, it occurred to a Call man to
ask Miss Dickie what she thought of
the behavior of her ship. He found
her most enthusiastic over the news,
which was fully shared by her father.
Mr. Dickie was prr.-ud of the ship
whose every bolt and rivet, from keel
to truck, had been built under his per
sonal supervision.
Miss Dickie did
not seem to care to
discuss the subject
of the slight acci
dent that occurred
when the vessel
was launched. But
the proud father
was less reticent.
He said, "It is a
very insignificant
affair," but admits
that it verifies the
old saying that
there is still a lit
tle bit of innate su
perstittion left in
the whole human
family, which
neither education
nor civilization can
eradicate.
"It was all on ac
count of the bottle
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
the rattlesnake coiled at its foot, and
the mottoes "An appeal to God" and
"Don't tread on me."
Commodore Esek Hopkins In 1776
also raised the rattlesnake, with the
"Don't tread on me" motto, but he had
the reptile lying across thirteen red and
white stripes. Those stripes had come
to stay.
This same snake and motto were on
the flag of the Culpeper minute men,
with the additional legend "Liberty or
Death."
"Liberty or Death" was a common
legend to be seen on many banners.
In 1876 it was carried at White Plains
on a white flag that bore a naked
sword, crossed with a baton carrying
a liberty cap.
While this change in flags was going
on the cross of St. George was still
seen, and in connection with the thir
teen white and red stripes, that grew
rapidly in popularity. The iloyal Sav
age, on Lake Champlain, in 1776, flew
this cross with the thirteen stripes.
The stars and stripes became more
and more common before our flag was
adopted in 1777. First the stripes, as in
the flags on the Royal Savage and
Commodore Hopkins' ship. Then came
the stars. These were often associated
with other emblems, and particularly
the eagle. There was a flag with its
thirteen red and white stripes that
bore a blue field in the middle of its
upper half on which was an eagle sur
rounded by stars. There was another
that showed Washington leaning on a
cannon, and behind him stars and
stripes and an eagle, the eagle hold-
Ing in his beak a scroll bearing the
words "E pluribus unum," and grasp
ing thunderbolts of war with one talon,
, of champagne," said Mr. Dickie. "When
! my daughter broke the bottle over the
', ship's bow, according to a time-hon
| ored maritime custom, a particle of the
| shattered glass cut her finger until it
| bled profusely. The blood trickled
j down over the bow and left a small
crimson streak along the rail. She did
not cry out or faint — she is a San Fran
cisco girl — but turned to me with a
i queer little smile, and exclaimed: "See,
> father! It is a good omen. The first
'■ blood for the new navy. Let me make
; a prophecy. This will be the first ship
: of the new navy to shed blood for our
i nation's honor.'
"So you see." said Mr. Dickie, "our
love for the Olympia is quite pardon
; able. She is one of the family, as it
I were."
while the other held the olive branch
of peace.
Then came the flag adopted by Con
gress. The first intention was to add
a stripe and a star for each new State
that entered the Union, but while this
was found convenient so far as the
stars went, it proved very troublesome
when the stripes began to multiply.
In the war of ISI2, after Vermont and
Kentucky were admitted, our flag had
fifteen stars and fifteen stripes, but
when the number got up to twenty it
was decided to return to the original
thirteen stripes, which was done by
act of Congress in ISIB, the addition of
a new star for each new State remain
ing as it was before.
First the stars were arranged in a
Just how much of a prophet Miss
Dickie is the reader must judge. Cer
tain it is that the Olympia was Com
modore Dewey's flagship in one of the
greatest battles known in modern his
tory. Miss Dickie- certainly does not
fit the novelist's description of the
wltchlike soothsayer worn threadbare
in fiction. She is just a demure little
San Francisco maiden, born in this city
thirteen years ago. and was but
years of age when she christened the
Olympia.
WHY BALD
HEADS SHINE.
MONS. SEBOURAND, former
pupil of M. Pasteur's school,
has found the mighty microbe
that makes men and women
lose their hair — the little beast
who Is responsible for the shiny pate of
the unfortunate baldhead. He describes
it as a minute, colorless body, pointed
at both ends, and increasing in num
bers by constant division into two, and
since the divisions do not always im
mediately break off, long chains fre
quently form, each link being a dis
tinct microbe.
The pestiferous organism congre
j gates in colonies of enormous numbers
in the upper part of the hair follicle
below the epidermis, and just where
the sweat gland Joins the follicle. At
this point there is somewhat of an en
largement, and in this little cavity it
finds a convenient habitat. Each col
ony is wrapped up into a kind of co
coon by fatty matter from the seba
ceous gland; the cocoons vary in size,
and are easy to obtain by squeezing
the skin at the mouth of the gland. '-
The microbe of baldness has been
Isolated and grown as a culture on a
suitable medium, when it appears as a
colorless form, changing later into one
of brick red hue. But how is it that
this microbe, not being at the root of
the hair, but at some distance above it
In the follicle, causes the hair to fall
out? Its method of attack is as fol
lows:
The development and growth of th?
microbe causes certain changes in its
environment— the breaking up, for In
stance, of substances around, from
which it obtains necessary food and
energy — and the cycle of results thus
brought about gives the production of
a substance poisonous to the root of a
hair. This toxin passes down to the
root and acts as a slow poison, not kill
ing all at once, but inducing certain
characteristic symptoms; the hair be
comes lighter in color until its pigment
has practically disappeared, its diam
eter gradually lessens, it becomes brit
tle and dried up and eventually dies
and falls out.
The root, though weakened by the
poison, sends up another hair to replace
the fallen one, but the new outgrowth
begins life feebler and poorer than its
predecessor, so it too, only with great
er speed, becomes a victim.
And so the process goes on; each
successive growth starts more weakly
its fight against the insinuating poison
and more quickly succumbs, until *
point is reached where the root can no
longer make a fresh effort, for it has
also fallen completely under the nox
ious Influence and is killed. This
course of events occurring, as it does,
simultaneously in hundreds of adja
cent hair follicles, naturaly results in
complete baldness.
To prove that this microbe is the
cause and not merely <he accompani
ment of baldness, M. Sebourand isolat
ed it and cultivated it in a suitable
liquid. After the microbes had multi
plied and developed he filtered the li
quid through porcelain, and believing
that, if his theories were true, the fil
tered liquid would contain the sub
stance they produced poisonous to the I
hair, he took a rabbit and Inoculated it
deeply under the skin with the fluid. !
As he hoped, the rabbit speedily began '
to lose its fur, and in six weeks it was
completely denuded; In fact, it had be
come entirely bald-
circle, then no rule was followed, and
they were often arranged so as to
form the letters U. S., and were also
put in in all sorts of irregular shapes
to represent a constellation. Finally
it was decided they should be put in in
regular rows, as at present.
So we have the flag as it is, with an
innovation in the revenue service,
where the stripes are perpendicular in
stead of horizontal.
REFUSED HIS PENSION.
Marcel, a noted dancing master and
posture master, .as as much in love
with his art as if he had been a great
painter or musician. He could not par
don the least inelegance of posture.
In his latter days he was m reduced
circumstances, and severely afflicted
with the gout. A young lady, one of
his pupils, got her father to obtain him
a pension from the King, and she was
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM TELLS
WHAT SHE THINKS OF MELBA.
In a Letter to the Sunday Call She De
crlbes He Famous Interview With the
Diva, When She Played and Danced for
Her. Melba Mas So Delighted With the
Little Genius TV>al She Wanted to Take
the Child With Her to Paris— Palorr>a
Promised to Meet Her There In the
Near future.
ITTL.E Paloma Schramm made a
g^ conquest of no less a personage
\ than Melba. It was not alone the
j genius of the remarkably gifted
child that made Melba marvel,
but the sweet unspoiled person
ality of Paloma,
Both Melba and Campanari had
heard much of the wonderful child
musician and they were both inclined
to believe that she was simply another
prodigy whose ability would become
mediocre with the years.
But after hearing her ] lj.y they said
that they had never heard anything
like it and that if she lived, hers would
be one of the names that would make
this century memorable.
"The technique is the least," said
Melba, "it is the soul, the delicacy, the
intelligence; that is what astounds me,
the intelligence with which she Inter
prets. She is a genius; not a talented
prodigy, but a genius."
And when , J aloma improvised from
the theme which Melba wrote for her
the tears rolled down the diva's face
and she caught the child in her arms
exclaiming:
"Where did you get it from, tell me —
your soul is music itself."
Mme. Melba, like every one else,
dwelt as much on Paloma's personality
as on her genius. For the child is
thoroughly natural; just a sweet hu
man flower of childhood; she has lived
in the garden most of the time among
the flowers and birds. She is as modest
as a wild flower and as refreshing in
her simplicity. Her face, in its delicate
purity, is as responsive to her feelings
as her fingers are to her music. When
she talks in her sweet childish way her
expression holds you even more than
her words. There is something inde
scribably spirituelle about her.
And little sister Karla is very much
like Paloma, only her dimples aJways
play hide and seek and the laughing
light in her blue eyes never dies out,
while Paloma's sometimes grow soft
with unshed tears and her face quivers
as thou. i with a pain that is half
sweet. Watch her when she plays
Chopin if you would see it.
People are constantly sending her
presents of all descriptions, but wise
parents allow her to accept as few as
possible and keep people from her as
much as they can.
"I am going to talk my letter and
have you write it out," Paloma said,
"because then people won't see my bad
spelling."
And people don't see the bad spelling,
but neither do they see c little girl
as she sat on the window sill next to
her bird cage, all the delicate contours
of her face brought out by the rays of
the sun that fell upon her; nor do they
hear the voice with which she said her
'letter"; that clear, flute-like voice
with its quaint German a- ent, and the
unaffected, modest childish way in
which she talked the following letter:
deputed to present it to him. She ran
up to his chair, her eyes sparkling with
joy, and put it into his hand.
He imediately thrust it from him, and
said, "Go and take it up, miss, and
present it to me as I have taught you."
She burst into tears, but obeyed.
"I consent to take it now, and I
thank you; but your elbow was not
quite rounded enough." — Youth's Com
panion.
MELBA AND PALOMA SCHRAMM.
(From a photograph taken during the diva's recent visit to this city.) T
DEAR CALL: I was so happy to hear Melba sing. Karla and I
sat in a box up to the stage, where we could see beautifully. I never
heard any one sing like that before.
I thought it almost was a dream, her voice was so clear. But
I was so sorry that I heard her in the Barber of Seville, because
that opera I do not like at all.
The singing was grand, but not the opera. And once they all had
to scream and it hurted my ears.
I like to write a letter this way, just talking and having you writ*
It down, because I have to ask you how to spell so many words in Eng
lish, but not so many in German. Sometimes I get the English all
twisted up.
Once I thought Melba looked right up and smiled at Karla and me.
It made us so happy, but we thought we imagined it only. , Then
she took a rose and kissed it and threw it at our box, right up. Karla
and I both put out our hands to catch it, but we couldn't reach It, and
it fell down. We would have liked to jump down after it.
Then, when Melba came out again, she kissed one other rose and
threw it at us. But it fell down. We felt like crying, and then the
violinist down in the orchestra, who caught it, threw it straight into our
box.
Karla and I are going to always keep that rose. Mamma pressed It
and put it away for us.
I love roses. When we are at home Karla and I take the roses
and squeeze out the juice and paint with it.
Once we played millinery store and I took a book and drew some
hats and colored them with the juioe of flowers. Mamma said she
liked them all so much she didn't know which one to choose. Of course
she was playing make believe, too.
We were so sorry that the opera was over. But on Sunday mamma,
papa, Karla and I went to see Melba. She was, oh, so lovely.
Melba and Mr. Campanari wrote themes for me and I played on
Melba's own piano. I was very happy while I was playing. There
were very many flowers in the room and they smelled sweet.
Then Karla played a dance and Melba took my hands and danced
with me. I cannot dance, so I just, with the music, kept time with my
feet.
Then one of the gentlemen took our pictures very many times. I
sat on Melba's lap and we had one taken, and then Melba and Karla
and I put our arms around so, and had one, and I had one sitting all
alone at Melba's own Steinway and very many others.
Melba asked me to come with her, but I told her I could do It not
without mamma and papa and Karla.
She said we could all come. I hope we do.
I was sorry to kiss her good-by. But we did not say good-by; we
said "auf wiedersehen."
And Melba says she is goinfc to send me a big doll, so high, from
Paris that can walk and talk and sing.
Oh, I liked her so very much. I always close my letters with love,
bo I will this one, too; so please write down, "With love to The Call and
every one." PALOMA.
2324
YES," said Miss Jessie Ackerman,
"I have been twice around the
world in the interest of the W.
C. T. U.. and in both cases have
accomplished that feat account
ed a triumph for men to perform, paid
my own way while journeying by giv
ing lectures and contributing articles
to papers and syndicates."
It was out of compliment to Miss
A'-kprman that the Missionary Con
gress was held in this city yesterday.
"I *hall perhaps make a third trip
year," she continued, "but for the
t I must rest. lam sun scorched,
wind beaten and earth worn, for during
a period of ten years past my residence
in one place will not average a month,
and i have tx □ a guest in twenty
hundred homes.
' I began the experiment of traveling
without expense to the union in 1888,
when I went to Alaska. There I organ-
Ized several local unions and also won
the distinction of being the only dele
gate ever sent from that country to a
national convention. •*
"The plan I followed in Alaska proved
equally successful in Honolulu, where
our organization is now very strong,
for I found that a large percentage of
the people were in sympathy with the
work.
"I found very little difl.culty in or
ganizing local unions in New Zealand.
In Samoa my success was attended
with another pleasure, that of being a
in the home of Robert Louis
nson, one of the many celebrities
with whom my travels brought me in
pleasant association.
"In Australia I was more than satis
fied with the result of my labor, in
which I was in time aided by many
zealous co-workers. In that country I
held a mission for the promotion of
Gospel temperance work. I also got out
my own literature, needed for and
adapted to the occasion.
"The movement was so widespread
that colonial unions, corresponding to
our State unions, were formed and I
PIG A BACK
\^| Scanlan's Great \(m:
DOTTING THE BARTH WITH MISSIONS FOR THE W. C. T. U.
found it advisable to call a national
convention, at which the National
Union of Australia was organized.
"As the work established in the pro
vinces as well as upon the islands
needed fostering I was requested to re
main a year and give the newly organ
ized unions my personal superintend
ance, an offer which I accepted.
"It was on the pearling grounds off
the west coast of Australia, between
that country and Java, that I had the
novel experience of going down to the
bottom of the sea in a diving suit, the
first woman, I was assured by the cap
tain of the pearling fleet, who had ever
done so. The captain was my faithful
champion in the adventure, which my
friends did their best to discourage.
"One of the most necessary precau
tions to be observed by divers is that
all vital organs are thoroughly pro
tected against sudden and for
this purpose I donned two suits of
heavy hand-knit underwear.
"A great lead shield was placed upon
my back and another over my chest,
to which the front signal line was at
tached; these shields weighed twenty
pounds apiece. With a great effort I
was got into the heavy rubber suit,
which covered me from neck to feet,
upon which were drawn shoes weighing
thirty-two pounds.
"My head was protected by an iron
helmet with glass globes, through
which' l could peer, and this was fas
tened about my neck with an iron band
or hoop. Then they tied a heavy rope
around my waist, pumped air into the
suit and I was ready to explore that
part of old ocean which lay below the
ship.
'As the diving suit which encased me
weighed ISO pounds I was utterly un
able to rao'-e and so was lifted at
shoulders and feet by four men, who
literally threw me overboard.
"I found myself lying helpless upon
the water after my fall of perhaps four
feet, but soon began slowly to sink, to
my surprise and consternation, how
ever, backward and head foremost; the
air having been pumped in such a way
as to make me top-heavy.
"As I wanted to see just where I was
eroine. and the sensation of havine one's
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, StryPAY, MAY 8, 1808.
blood rush to their head is far from
pleasant, I pulled the signal line and
was drawn on board, when the suit was
properly inflated and I was this time
lowered feet downward, in which man
ner I gradually descended to the hard,
sandy ocean bottom sixty feet below.
The pressure of the water was so great
that I experienced no difficulty when
walking about in my heavy suit upon
what appeared like a firm, newly
washed beach with here and there a
tiny marine animal or shell.
"Twice I walked the length of the
ship, but seeing nothing of great inter
est and having accomplished my pur
of going down. I again pulled the
signal rope and was drawn on board,
after being under water eight minutes.
The sensations of that submarine trip
were in no way unpleasant, and I expe
rienced no fear, only a slight nervous
ness because of the unprotected condi
tion of my hands, which I fancied
might be seized by some wandering
creature of the deep.
'"An experience almost as interesting
as this was going to the masthead of a
steamer.
"We were off the coast of Africa, and
I was told that one of the company's
ships would pass at 10 that evening, so
I asked permission to go up with the
captain and salute her; a feat which I
knew was not impossible for me, as I
have a steady head, and the suit which
I wear when traveling does not impede
my movements.
"Oh, no, I don't wear bloomers. Just
divided skirts so full as to pass for
an ordinary plain skirt, yet which gives
me perfect freedom of motion.
"< >f course the other passengers, the
women especially, were horrified and
declared that I would fall and be killed;
but I enjoyed the climb just the same,
and sat chatting with the good-natured
captain up on the yard between sky
and ocean for over an hour.
"That woman can't perform the same
feats of daring as man is only a tradi
tion. "When not hampered by the dress
we ordinarily wear a woman can go any
place where a man may venture," Bfisa
Ackerman said with decision.
"In Africa I was so fortunate as to
strike a popular vein, and was assured
that our meetines were the larsrpst of
SUNG BY
UETTIE
LE VYNE
IN ••
HEARTS
OF—/-
NEWVORK.
the kind ever held In that country. An<s
good work was established. It was
there I met Andrew Murry. a saintly
character, the author of that book upon
the higher Christian life. I visited
Olive Schreiner, then a bride of a few
months, and found her to be a woman
of a wonderful personality, but through
severe mental strain she has become
what we would term a little bundle of
nerves, tapping a foot and hand con
stantly while conversing.
"She showed me the tiny house on the
great karoo.where her ' Story of an Afri
can Farm, was written. assuringme that
the vast expanse of the dreary karoo
and the incessant sighing and sobbing
of the wind about the little house, from
whose windows she could see tigers
creeping upon the far away hills, was
the inspiration which created the work.
"Her husband, a most fascinating
man, put an end to a brilliant political
career by yielding to her wishes in as
suming her name, for he brought upon
himsf-lf the contempt of every thinking
man and woman.
He expressed great sympathy with our
cause. He also inspired me with the
greatest respect for his wonderful in
telligence and broad views.
"He is indeed a monarch of men who
could sit back in far away Africa and
alone, by force of will, compel England
to keep her hands off," and in saying
this Miss Ackerman looked the ad
miration she felt.
"I spent considerable time in India
studying the religions of the country
in order to answer the people from
their own point of view. In most cases
they were not difficult to convince and
I found them most courteous. When
making my investigations of the opium
traffic, the elephant and body guard
of a certain rajah was placed at my
disposal.
"My researches in this direction re
sulted in the knowledge that enough
opium, bearing the English stamp, is
exported each year to kill every inhab
itant of the globe.
"I attenr!f<l the decennial Missionary
Conference held in Bombay, at which
750 missionary workers were present.
And one <>f my thrilling adventures was
going through the Khyber pass with an
pscfirt nf British trnnns. The hills nt
the time were more than ordinarily In
fested with bandits and we narrowly
escaped an attack.
"I was taken back to a fort and
passed the nigh* in safety, surrounded
by the British guard and 1000 Sepoys.
"The dread jungle fever was another
Indian experience, which has left its
mark," she said, touching the prema
turely gray hair that not unbecomingly
framed her face.
"I also followed Mrs. Leavitt's lead
to Burmah and Siam with fair results.
I did not stop in Korea, however, as the
resident missionaries sent word that a
terrible scourge of smallpox was rag
insr. advising me not to leave the shin.
"In Cairo and Alexander, Egypt, the
work had already been established and
upon the day of Miss Willaru's death
a union was organized in Jerusalem.
In Syria and Armenia our work was
strong and we had organizations In
Constantinople.
"In China the work was difficult, but
unions were possible wherever mission
aries were stationed, but in Japan I
found much sympathy with the prin
ciple I wished to propagate.
"In Italy and Greece as well as other
southern wine growing countries, I
found little encouragement to establish
temperance unions.
"Of course Spain was Included with
these, a country where I passed con
siderable time and where, in order to
become familiar with the customs of
that as well as other lands, I attended
a bull fight.
"The Spanish women I can say with
out prejudice are the most beautiful in
the world. Perfect physical creations
from the age of 16 to 25, but when old
they are the most hideous.
"At that time there was no qause for
enmity between that country and our
own, and I found the people most
courteous. It was in Seville that a
Spanish gentleman, who had traveled,
pointed out to me a shop and told me
this story:
"A great card bearing the inscription,
'English spoke here,' was at one time
kept in the window. But the Spanish
nature took offense at England, and
another card with 'American spoken
here,' was substituted. The narrator
huarelv enioved the loke. thoueh at the
expense of his countrymen's Intelli
gence.
"There can be no question as to the
fate of that latter card at the present
time.
"We are not entirely without unions
in Southern Europe, however, and have
work at Naples and Rome. In Rome
I was struck with the significance of a
Wesleyan church in the very shadow
of the Vatican, and learned during my
travels that the Methodists have done
more to establish their work on thf>
continent than any other Protestant de
nomination.
"In Paris temperance unions have
also been established.
"In Norway, Sweden and Denmark
our work has become very strong, as
the people are willing to act on prin
ciple.
"In Germany our work i* most diffi
cult, as women there have little stand
ing. Should one of our sex atr
political speech she is ordered out by
the police, and they are never allowed
to gather in a body for the discussion
of politics.
"Upon the various northern islands I
met with more or less success. Our ob
ject was not well und-r^r- >d u;».>n the
Isle of Man, where I met Hall Came. a
weird little man with sharp dark eyes.
just the person you would expect to
write the books which he gives to the
public.
"Our unions as well as th'">=e of the
Good Templars ar^ well established in
Jersey, where the home of Langtry was
shown me, and her father, looking very
poor and humble, was pointed out on
the street.
"I spent four months in Iceland, and
no country which I visited impressed
me more favorably. I rode a distance
of 800 miles in 31 days, crossing in that
time two mountain ranges and 16 rivers,
making the journey upon a shaggy Ice
land pony, a little, strong creature
just a hand higher than a Shetland.
"I found that the Icelanders have had
a legislature for 1000 years, are thor
oughly educated and perfectly con
tented. I saw there thp ideal home life,
in which husbands and wives have no
interests apart from each other.
"They have no great ambition to be
come rich. Though they lack in what
we demand as luxuries and much we
term comforts, there is no real pov
erty among them.
"Their literature, of which I mad- %
study, suggests a strain of mela:
in thrir natures, but I was also
scions of an appreciative humor.
"A very pleasing gentleman I met
while there once said to m*: 'What do
onsider the three chief < haraeter
- of your countrymen?* Instead of
giving- my views I questioned his own,
and he gravely replied:
" Their characteristics are nervous
prostration, dyspepsia and corns' — three
- trhich to Icelanders are un
known.
"Our W. C. T. U. would find ready in
t^ro-st and support among: these women
who have more civil rights than we.
"The/ hfiv^ a woman political society
I ' ■■> members, a paper edited by
women and a monthly magazine, and
■•■ i eland: woman has th<- distinction
of having written three n&vels which,
are translated into different Continen
tal languages.
A bright young woman, with the
prefix of Miss Jnhnnnsdotter, repre
- I her national union at a Canadian
convention, and also lectured later in
the Pnited States.
turning to our first subject. Miss
Ackerman said: "I have been the means
of organizing 900 unions, and have
gathered 20,000 pledges. In nearly
every country visited I have establish
ed work, and as a rule have been treat
ed with the greatest kindness. ''
"Our work in Scotland, Wales and
England, in which latter kingdom I
was before going to Iceland, for some
time the guest of Lady Henry Somerset,
is so well established that it hardly
needs mention. In Ireland we have
established many local union?."
As I r<>s^ to take my leave, I re
marked, "You have, of course, had
many escapes from storms at sea, from
bandits, from poisonous snakes and in-%
sects, from the scourges of disease:
in what instance did you feel the most
devoutly thankful for escape?"
"That I have escaped the snares of all
mankind and am still free, a bachelor
maid, as the nineteenth century t^rmg
us." she said, laughing, as she cordially
pressed my hand.TRAINING LITTLE GIRLS TO BE GOOD HOUSEKEEPERS.
Oakland Ladies Have Started a School "Where Over Eighty Children Are Divided Into
Prepare Themselves for Good Housekeepers. The School Is Already Such a Success That Its
HAMMERED LEATHER CLOSS.
From a Photograph.
IN an unpretentious house between
the railroad tracks in West Oak
land has been started what it is
hoped will grow Into a great school
of domestic science.
Other sciences have been making
great strides during the last hundred
years, but this one, which lies at the
center and foundation of life, is in Its
infant stage, comparatively.
There are more divorces and boarding
s in the United States than in any
other country, and in no other country
in the world does domestic service
stand on so low a plane. We have got
away from the old idea of "lady" and
r to be a woman. I like better
the old English derivation "lady bread
," and the picture it calls up of the
lady of the manor giving bread to the
nursing the sick, caring for the
aged and teaching the young on her
husband's estate-
It is the Duchess of Northumberland,
I believe, who to hold her title must
( arve in the servant's hall at least twice
a year. This knowledge uf all gentler
arts was the distinction between the
"laay" and the parvenu.
Now we are emancipated and pre
sumably enjoy a lot of other things, hut
still there are many women who realize
that woman's work is the highest, the
most refining, the most difficult of ail
the world's work.
Floren< c Nightingale opened the door
for trained nurses. Fon are acquainted
with th« quiet, competent woman who
takes * hi- ■ of sickness nowa
days, but remember the nurse who -
the best, that poor sick and worried
c Welsh «'i;rlyle could find. See
ing Mrs. Carlyle very weak and 111, the
nurse assured" her. "Oh, 1 can lay folks
out foin. when they're dead."
If training and the worlds approval
make such a change in the nurse's pro
fession iii a few years, what may not be
done in the simple necessary home ser
vice?
Four-fifths of American divorces are
for financial causes. When the woman is
no longer expected to know by son
vine intuition how to manage a house
ami family any more than the man is to
trust to Providence to support a family
after he g< ts one, many of these un
happy homes will disappear. The dis
contented mothers of children born
with all the taints of wretched environ
ment '\iii no longer be a disgrace to
American women.
A good many years ago Miss Louise
Emery made up her mind that she '
could not afford to wear away her life
over the books of her brother's mercan
tile house. The nprvonp strain was
wearing her out: she realizo'l that
women are not physically Jitted for
business life.
Going to Chicago she entered a train
ing school for home missionaries.
Much of her work was among the jails
and reformatory institutions. Study
ing carefuily the men and women and
the boys and girls there she became
convinced that more sin comes from
ignorance and want of something bet
ter to do than from depravity.
But how to help these women whose
best instincts were either degraded or
totally destroyed was the question that
that beset her. It was like putting
new patches on old garments or n"w
wine into old battles; it was heart
eickening.
Then came the World's Fair and Miss
Huntington, daughter of Bishop Hunt
ington of Now York, with her model
class in kitchen garden.
Miss Emery found there what she
had been looking forward to. She gave
up reformatory work and began the
formative. A prosperous school in St.
Paul with between two and three hun
dred pupils was the first result.
The school one well started required
her personal attendance no longer, so
she determined to come West. At Den
ver in the new Woman's Club building
a large portion of the building was de
voted to class rooms for kitchen gar
den.
In Salt Lake City Is another school.
In all these schools the instruction in
kitchen garden is given by the ladies
THE way to succeed in medicine
is, briefly, to look u on your pro
fession as the noblest in the
world, and to follow it as such,
with courage and enthusiasm.
But let us begin at the beginning.
Let us take the would-be medical stu
dent, standing on the threshold of his
career. The question you ask me is,
"How is this young man going to suc
ceed aa -. practitioner of the science of
medicine?"
In the first place, your typical young
man must consider whether or not he is
suited for the medical profession at all.
Does he experience a vocation, an abso
lute call toward the life of a jhysician?
Does he look upon medicine as some
thing far more than a mere money
making pursuit? Is he content to de
vote bis whole mind to the study of
medical science and its developments,
to study morning, noon and night, and
to continue unnceasingly to study until
death shall summon him to his reward?
Unless your young man can answer
these questions in the affirmative he
had better give up all thoughts of be
coming a doctor and look out for some
more suitable walk in life.
Supposing, however, that a strong
natural inclination toward medicine ac
tuates him, and that he Is <■ pable of
gras;><ne the true scope of that grand
usually prominent in society, whom
Miss Emery, trained in her normal
class. They submitted to severe writ
ten examination and proved their fit
ness before being assigned to work in
the class rooms.
Mrs. Robert "Watt of Oakland had
been wanting to . find just such a
teacher and quickly got together a nor
mal and model class among her per
sonal friends when Miss Emery came
to San Francisco/ Miss Emery's
idea is to begin at the top of society
rather than at the bottom, for women
quite as much as men have the sheep
idea and will follow wherever the
leader goes.
In the normal class of the new school
in Oakland are Miss Watt, Miss Ella
Goodall, Miss Bailey, Miss Wllcox, Miss
Lohman and six other young ladies.
The small daughters of friends formed
the model class and in one instance at
least the lessons bore immediate and
abundant fruit.
A new maid has just come to Mrs. X
As she was about to give her directions
about the work the lady. was astonished
to hear her little daughter of 11 years
singing a lesson in bed-making and air
ing and deftly showing the woman who
had been doing such work for years
how to make the bed, tucking the
clothes in so neatly that the maid was
watching with attention. Next with,
the broom the child began to sweep,
pinging the directions!
A little later in the morning the little
girl went to her mother and said: "The
grocer brought a broom, but it was a
'nadultered' one so I. told him to take
it back and bring a good one."
The child had had only: two lessons'
and had been told that brooms should
be of a certain color all through, other
wise they were likely to be of inferior
broom and dyed.
Mrs. X decided to attend her daugh
ter's lessons and hoped to still maintain
her voice in her own establishment.
All little girls naturally play with
dolls and keep house and have tea par
ties. The development of this instinct
is the formation of the kitchen garden
system. It is quite distinct from the
kindergarten and stands in the same
relation to the real housework school
as the kindergarten does to the gram
mar school.
It is intended to prepare pupils first
for the humbler homes, then rs mis
tresses in larger homes and also to be a
training school for domestic manage
ment, just as the ; hospital training
school is a training school for nurses.
With such a woman as Mrs. Watt
behind it, and with the assistants She
has chosen this now Oakland school
will be no small feature of the develop
ment of education on the coast while
the servant problem is in the present
condition. Chinese and Japanese have
driven* out the ' servant girl" and in
sweat shops she is working ten to six
teen and eighteen hours a day for the
barest necessities.
The hospital training schools have
lists of applicants yards long, not be
cause nursing is easy work, but be
cause it is a profession which a gentle
woman may enter and not lose caste
and it is well paid.
She must, however, submit herself to
the severest training and discipline and
must pass all her examinations before
she receives her diploma. Consequent
ly, when she begins her work she knows
exactly what she is about and does it
thoroughly and welL She wears proper
clothing while -at her work and respects
herself and makes every one who comes
In contact with her look up to her.
Nursing is essentially, woman's work,
but how much more so Is the work of
making homes, her own first, if she
have one; but some one's else if she
have not. This, too, will be the open
ing most appropriate for the hardest
class of woman to find her level— the
woman who has been carefully brought
up In her own home never expecting to
have to earn her living. If it becomes
necessary she find. that she is not able
to take her place and compete with the
woman who" has been in business from
childhood. Her refinement, ■ all her
ideas are a bar to her advancement.
She is not, accustomed to the wear and
tear of business life, or to the publicity
of It.
Naturally she would prefer to re
HOW TO SUCCEED AS A PHYSICIAN
profession, your typical student will
appreciate a frank talk on th : subject i
of "getting on." First of all, he must j
not dream of beginning his medical ■
studies until he has acquired a sound, j
classical (and, if possible, college) edu- j
cation. There is no such thing as in- !
spiration In medicine. Hard work and '
knowledge, together with the inborn vo- !
cation hitherto dwelt upon, are the phy- j
sician's stork in trade. Therefore, to |
the would-be student, I say: "Go first j
to a college and build the foundation of
your career. A college education, or at
least an education under a first-class
private tutor, is indispensable."
You may ask me: "If this be so,
what is the poor boy to do? What is
to become of America's pride, the pro- j
verbial penniless lad who cannot af- j
ford college and yet wants to be a sue- ;
cessful physician?" It may sound !
cruel, but my advice to that boy, if he j
wants to be happy, ,lb .to, jflye up all ,
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
main in home work, but the experi
ence of this one woman, whose experi
ence is not imaginary, is common. Sin;
was a graduate of Vassar, cultured and
refined by travel and intercourse with
the best society.
Her husband died and at 26 she stood
alone with nothing but ideas.
She decided she would stick to what
she knew something about, "a lady
could dignify any position, etc."
The first woman she applied to, in
answer to an advertisement, told her
flatly, "Your application i.s very suspi
cious; something must be wrong."
At last she got a situation as nur
sery governess to two little girls.
"You will, of course, not mind a cap
and my second girl will be so much
company for you," said the lady of the
house.
Well, she compromised by taking a
position in a store and a good many of
her ideas wore turned topsy-turvy.
I have asked many ladies employ
ing Chinese at wages ranging from $"0
to $80 a month, whether they would
not prefer a trained woman on the
same footing as a trn'nod nurse. In
every case the answer has been that
such a woman would be eagerly ac
cepted.
One lady explained the situation in
I thoughts of medicine. Of course one
I such lad in a thousand nas the real
i grit in him, calculated to overcome all
\ obstacles. If he really wants to be a
j doctor he will do it in the long run;
j but 1 take ! my word for it, he will go
! through college first, if he has to work
his way. .-. Such a boy reminds : one ■of
' Wendell 5 Holmes' simile of the horse
' with the star in his forehead. The other
i horses make all the running at the out-"
' set of the race;; but .look out for the
| horse with the star on his forehead — he
is going to pass the winning post first,
in the long run. ..■■-,. ;.- ;
7 .When your student has taken his de
gree in arts (and in, science, too, of pos
sible), he is ready to take up medicine—
but not before. \ No man who jumps
| out of a high? school straight into a
I medical college can % hope to ; amount to
i much. It is just as well : to frankly ad
' mit right : here that some j; capital is
j t necessary to study properly. Medicine
Is Uhe « most* ab^Jt)|ngxp^ : prof^^io^,'
THE KITCHEN GARDEN.
From a Photograph,
this wise:
"There are great doings in my
kitchen. We are bnly two in the fam
fly, but there is a big lire all day. Lee
B terns always v.tv busy and quite un
able to understand two words in Eng
lish when I go to the kitchen to make
any suggestions, so I Just keep out."
Lee does ;ill the marketing, too, and
any one ran see that a competent wo
man cotild earn thi same wages, do the
work better and make a big saving in
the monthly bill for food and fuel.
Such a woman's work would not be
one-half so hardt as a nurse's, nor
as heavy as shop work, and she would
have a "home," for a woman would be
accepted at what she is. Being well
paid and having her own hours off duty
she would be no more in an inferior po
sition than the cashier of a bank.
In the West Oaßland school there are
now about eighty children with ten
times as many eager to enter. In
classes of eleven they learn to make a
lire, scrub a floor, clean and sweep,
make beds, set a table and do every
thing up to the cooking stage of educa
tion.
In the washing lesson the girls stand
around a table, each with her little
tub, washboard, bag of small clothes
and even the tiny clothespins.
By Dr. George F. Shrady of New York.
and no medical neophyte can afford to |
be hampered by pecuniary considera- !
tions. He should be able to remain in I
college until he is 20 or 21, and then to
give his whole working time to his four
or five years of medical preparation.
Let him not think of eking out his sub
sistence by writing or other forms of I
outside labor. Even should be obtain a I
degree under such conditions, he can
not be a competent doctor. Medicine j
is a jealous sweetheart— it allows of no
rival.
Here, then, we have Mr. Typical
Young Man, bachelor of arts, well
grounded in classics and science, con
versant with French and German (this
is a great desideratum), and about to
enter upon meaicine proper. His iirst
step must be to join a good medical col
lege. He can get as good an education
here in America as he can in Europe, in
deed the clinical advantages are actu- j
ally better in New York. Chicago,
Pblla - fle - lpjjiaj^Jßqatpn J ,than they arej
Clashes, All Learning to Make Fires, Scrub Floors, Clean and Sweep, Set a Table and Generally
Founders Cannot Accommodate All the Applicants* «
The pupil sings her lesson, with pi
ano accompaniment, learns how to put
the clothes to soak, to care for stains,
how to rub and rinse and make starch.
Besides these material diroe tions, the
ethical part of washing, rather a new
idea, is given and the pupil is taught
to respect her work and herself, be
cause it is work that is worth doing
and she knows how to do It well and
will do it conscientiously.
Then in the lesson she learns the
story of cloth; how it grows In the
South and how beautiful the cotton
fiejtds are, and then, later, how the dar
kies help pick it and carry it in baskets
on their heads.
Then the story of the mills and shops
and the story of the coal which makes
her fire and the starch and the wool in
the blankets and the hemp In the
clothesline. It is a very intelligent lit
tle girl who hangs her clothes up to
dry with her thoughts broadened to
take in all her fellow workers who have
helped to prepare what she uses.
Then there is an active game with
clotheslines, where they "hang them up
high to dry the clothes" and, finally,
"take them in at night."
In the bed-making lesson a small
bed with dainty coverings is used, and
the punils learn as much of medical
anywhere else in the world. The de- I
tails of the four years' course may be J
picked up in any college catalogue; and
such -&\ course, under the ~ costly < con
ditions now obtaining, will r cost. ; (ex
clusive ;of personal : expenses) . from $400
to $450 per year.
The degree of M. D. thus fairly won,
I a year or more spent by way of post
graduate course, and in the hospitals,
' must follow. ;.: Every conscientious
! physician procures > a hospital diploma j
before going out into the world; and he
learns more in i that last year than he
has = done in all his previous j" term ■ of j
study. • The contagious diseases hos
pitals, too, must be familiar ground to
him. .T^Sppy ß^!Ba a 'Blfflfff A '4lr'™)^^
Equipped thus thoroughly for a prac
tical start in life' let Dr. Young Man lay
not aside his s books. Until > death • beck
ons him away, he must . read and study.
i All ■ the ; new books, all the I medical |. pe
riodicals,- all the latest Instruments and
contrivances | must 1 be^fami^aj^to ; him^
DRESSMAKING CLASS.
From a Photograph.
cleanliness as their small brains can
grasp.
There is a lesson in sweeping and a
great deal about dust. Ruskin is called
in constantly, and, strange to say, the
small pupils take in his ideas.
In the dining-room work each child
has her small table and everything to
set it, even to a tiny napkin and ring,
and she learns why everything is done
as it is, and how to wash dishes by
•washing her own small set in a little
dishpan.
A lesson in clay modeling goes with
the table lessen. It is keenly enjoyed
by the children, who never knew how
hard it was to make the dishes. After
the modeling lesson they have much
more respect for crockery and handle
it just that much more carefully.
In sewing the work is carefully and
most ingeniously graded, from the be
ginners who "run" on Java canvas
with bright yarns, and by following the
course of the threads of the oanvc.a
learn to make a straight seam and
small even stiches. The needle used Is
easy to thread and without a point to
prick the small fingers, and uses a
thimble. In the next grade she makes
the same stitches on samples which
Miss Emery bastes carefully, intending
by her example to teach them how im
portant is good bastinr. and when the
time comes they unconsciously follow.
In the third grade comes felllr.g and
baclcstitching, the samples without any
knots showing and all th? stitches per
fectly even.
The fourth gmde Is hemming, and
the pupil begins her own basting on a
piece of cotton representing a sheet
with its wide and narrow hem. After
this is finished she hems a napkin,
making the stitches invisible on the
right side by having them set exactly
with the threads of the cloth.
In the next grade cornea rufHinrr and
putting on a band, which must all be
done by the pupil without more than
verbal assistance from her teacher.
The work of every grade must be
done perfectly before the pupil is ad
vanced, and I wish you could see that
sewing class of children from six or
seven to 13 years. They work as if life
depended upon it. When Mrs. Watt went
to the piano and said. "Now girls, it's
time to put away that work," there
was a general "Oh," although they had
been sevvinff for an hour and a half.
While they were putting their work
awny Miss Emery said she would like
to say just a word.
"Now, girls, you know last week we
had only two teachers, and I asked you
to put "your work away just as care
fully as when your teachers were here.
Weil, I want to tell you how proud I
was of you when I wanted to show
your work. It had never been put
away quite so neatly before."
You may be sure that after those
words the work was put away in neat
er piles than ever before.
At first it took a good deal of pa
tience to get the children to under
stand why they were to make their
work so perfect, but at last they
caught the idea, and now they are
anxious to learn to do each stitch per
fectly and are willing to take the work
out over and over again. They are pre
paring for an exhibition soon to be held
in connection with settlement work' and
are most caper to have their work com
pare favorably with work from other
classes. . 
When they have learned to make all
the stitches in plain sewing and can
set on a band, baste hems wide or nar
row and make button holes, they are
promoted to the Sewing Club, which
meets in its own room. The club has
a teacher who is competent to teach
them to measure themselves, cut, fit
baste and make every garment a girl
If you could see that class of girls,
nearly all under 14 years, at their cut
ting tables and sewing machines and
the garments they have made them
selves you would require no further
proof that the work is thoroughly prac
tical Very few of the same gnis
could more than thread a needle when
they began work about six months ago.
I went to one home where the little
housekeeper is 11 years old. Her people
are very poor and the mother and
father are both away all day. The girl
He must keep fully abreast of the rapid
tide of medical improvement, or else
drop hopelessly and almost uselessly
I behind. From the day that I graduated
I have never ceased to study, and I
shall never cease to study until the end.
If your young man does not like the
prospect of lifelong labor, let him not
! hope to become a successful physician.
The first question Dr. Young Man
asks himself is very often this: "Shall
i I devote myself to general practice or
I start to win fame as a specialist?" By
all means be a general practitioner. Dr.
Young Man! You will never amount to
much as a specialist unless you do. Go
ing out of college Into a special branch
of medicine is like beginning to build
a pyramid at the apex. The doctor
of the future Is going to be an "'all
around" physician: and you can take
my word for it that the very best spe
cialists are those that are forced by cir
cumstances into their particular line of
work. No surgeon can succeed uniess_
thought her small brother of four quit*
too old to be wearing dresses and had
made him a pair of trousers, pockets
and all, and a little blouse out of sonid
cast-off garments.
A small tuition — 25 cents a month, I
believe — Is paid by the children, as Miss
Emery's intention is to teach them
first of all pelf-dependence. She be
lieves that whatever is given without
compensation tends to pauperize. By
the paying of this fee th- children
value much more their lessons and it
gives them a greater interest in the
work. Indeed, the children own tfia
entire establishment, .Mrs. Watt and
all, and are not learning to get some
thing for nothing. Miss Emery and all
the teachers are learning, too, just as
much as they teach— lessons in reaJi
ties — for they are going to school to a,
class whose stern necessities cut off all
shams.
One of the teachers told me a les
son she had received in what it meant
to help one another. A family who
had been rather disagreeable to one of
the members of the Mothers' Club
moved away from the neighborhood.
The father was out of jvork and money.
One day a man came to lrmk for him
to give him a fairly good job. No one
knew his exact address, so this mem
ber of the Mothers' Club, who had all
the work she could possibly handle,
left her baby and two smaller children
at the Settlement House and walked
twelve blocks to find the man's fam
ily. The woman never thought* of the
man's gruff ness and disagreeableness;
but he needed the work, so she did all
she could to help him.
I scarcely know which was prouder
of the two, the small boy or his little
sister mother.
Surely it is worth while to give these
children, to whom life begins its bur
dens so early, a little of the play which,
children love, if it is only the play
which teaches them how to do the
work which do they must as best they
can.
Another child, a girl of 13 years, had
only the earth for a floor at home, and
no such thing as a scrubbing brush, but
she wanted to try scrubbing. Miss
Emery told her she would hire her to
do scrubbing if sh. j could it nicely. The
child had never had a brush in her
hands before she went to the school,
but she scrubbed out the big school
room and Miss Emery was perfectly
satisfied. No more can be said.
In the class rooms there are draw
ings of plumbing and traps and a good
lesson in sanitation and fresh air.
Dr. Adelaide Brown has given talks
on health, plain and practical, to the
children who live on the street, and
they are taught what their bodies are
and how to use them and care for
them.
There are mothers' meetings, too, so
that they shall keep in touch with the
cildren.
The Boys' Club meets in its own
room, which Is always open and fur
nished with books and games. The
boys are regularly organized and havo
duly elected officers. The "ward poll
tics" methods, which tbe boys were
wtll up in, made the election a very
protracted sitting, but the boys have
grasped the idea of honest games and
elections.
The outer door is kept barricaded
during club meetings, for there are
other boys outside. When there is
more room the club will be enlarged,
but now the little house is crowded till
it can hold no more.
Cooking is to be one of the principal
features with classes for those In
homes where economy is the main
point. Later there will be more ad
vanced classes, where all the difficult
courses will be taught and graded and
the graduates will receive diplomas.
In many colleges. Stanford included.
a course in domestic science and cook
ing is included. While the West Oak
land school can never interfere with
this study, it will always be carried
after a more practical fashion in the
Oakland institution.
Let us hope it will soon be considered
no more "infra dig" for a woman to
personally attend to the work of her
own home than it is for her husband to
work all day in a business house.
HELEN GREY.
he has practiced as a general practi
tioner. Suppose a disease of the eye
depends, as is frequently the case, upon
another disease which has its seat In ,
the kidneys. When your oculist, who is
merely an oculist, is called in, how can,
he cure the disease without being fa»
miliar with kidney troubles ? Or, how,
can a surgeon operate on the stomach
thoroughly unless he is conversant with!
the general laws of the stomach? It
will be time enough for Dr. Young Man
to think of becoming a specialist when,
he has built up a good general practice.
Now, as to the . field of labor to be
chosen. Large cities are poor places to
start in, unless the young doctor has ;
sufficient funds to keep him going dur- ;
ing : the years of dreary waiting which
must be his. Go to a country town, or
small city, Dr. Young Man— that iis my
honest advice. There you will have a
chance ' of getting noticed. Emergency
cases are possible ' there. In big cities
the hospital ambulance takes such
cases from you, while the huge army or.:
other practitioners prevent you from
coming to the front. .' A '"
The life of a doctor in a country town
is, to my mind, most enviable. He:
grows old with \ the old folk; he sees*
the young folk grow up around him. : If
he is the right sort of : man everybody
esteems' and respects him. :Of l course,
practice in a country town has its lim
itations. Fame does •; not often ■-< come
in the l country /doctor's way, i nor does
his • yearly income rise beyond a certain
limit. -* But he J is, or ought to be, very; '-
hajai^ .th^e^xojmtry^octoi^^ ; ; j
2526
THIS is a sort of betwixt and be- ,
tw«en season In the world where
social festivities reign supreme.
The season of active entertain- I
merit is closed, and it is yet too
early for the regular out-of-town season.
The noble work of the Red Cross is oc
cupying much of the time of belles and
matrons, and their delightful devotion to
the great cause is sure to bear wonderful
results.
Mr. and Mrs. William J. McCloskey and
Frederick Paulding entertained in their
Post Btreet studio inursday afternoon
with a dramatic recital, invitations were ,
issued to view the portrait of Mrs. Steele ;
of New York, and the lady was present to
receive the congratulaitonfl which the
picture called forth.
The occasion was very enjoyable, Mr.
Paulding reciting first "The Whistling
Regiment" and -'The Devil in Search of !
a Wife," and later in the afternoon !
"Young Lochinvar" and "Vanity Fair."
Mrs, M< I loskey was assisted In receiving
by Miss Sharon, Miss Mabel Ayer, Mrs.
McGaw, -Mrs. Lo-. sit-y, Mrs. Steele and
Charles Dletz Taylor.
Among the ETuests were: Mrs. C. D.
Baldwin, Mrs. Bender, Miss Bender, Mrs.
Alexander Sharon, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
I, Dodge Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. David
Neustadter, Dr. and Mrs. W. AytT Mrs.
Thomas Morrffew, Mrs. Ramon Wilson,
Miss Wilson, Mrs. J. Douglas Fry, Mrs.
James Monroe Goewey, Miss Goewey,
Dr and Mrs. * '. T. Deane, Mrs. Thomas
Denlgan, Miss Denigan, Captain and Mrs.
Charles Goodall, Mrs. J. li. Neustai
Mrs Henry Gibbons, the Misses Gibbons,
Mrs. JUphonse Wigmore, Mr. and
Mrs. Isadore Burns, Dr. and Mrs.
Barrett Mrs. Simeon Wenban,
Mrs. W. J. Dutton. Mrs. A. W. i Sums,
Mrs. Jonathan Swelgert, Miss Sweigert,
Mrs Joseph *1. Giesting, Miss Giesting,
Mrs Young, Mrs. A. Minor Prindle, Miss
Prindle. Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Deane,
Mr and Mrs. Frank Symmes, Miss Sym
mes, Mrs. K. R. Ldlienthal, Mr. and Mrs.
Mortimer Plum. Mrs. James G. Spauld
ine Mrs. A. H. Boomer, Mrs. Oliver P. ,
Evans Miss McClure, J. C. Winans, Mr.s.
Henry Stuart Foote Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
John W. Butler, Mr. and Mrs. Creux,
Miss Creux, Mrs. Stowe BaJlard. Miss
Bowman, Miss Charlotte Thompson, Mrs.
John Reggies, Mrs. Oscar Houghton of ;
New York, Mrs. Marcus Roshland, Mrs.
w Morrison, Miss Bryant, Miss Hallett,
Hon. Joseph D. Lynch. Mrs. B. Schweit- ;
BCT, Mrs. William (J. Lowry, the Misses
Lowry Mrs. Gerome Madden, Mr.s. Wil
liam Moore Crofton, the Misses Kei.s, Miss
Sexton. Miss Conly, Dr. and Mrs. Sidney
Strickland, Mrs. Edward Bent, Mrs. K.
Godfrey, Mrs. RebeCJ a Jennings. Mrs.
Jennings Jr.. Mrs. Theo Tracey, Mrs. A. ,
L. Mann, Mrs. Lask, Miss I,ask. Mrs. :
Byron Diggins, Mrs. F. Me Williams, Mrs.
J. L. Martel, Mrs. Irving Moulton, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Laughton, Mrs. Vincen
don Coltman, Mrs. Russell Wing, Mrs.
I,ouis Levy, Mrs. William D. Surlock,
Mrs. H. J. Campbell, Mrs. George Bates,
Mrs. f. Beach, Miss Beach, Mrs. Thomas
Woodward, Miss. W Iward, the Misses
Hanks. -Mrs. F. Corcuelly, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles T. Valentine, Mrs. J. Trofe, Mrs.
Arthur Maxwell Sharp, Miss Boyd. Miss
Ringwalt. Roy Leventritt, Milton rh< Ips,
George Redding. N. J-yney, Grant L,augh
lin and J. M. Walthall.
A very delightful card party was given
by the Alcott Club Friday evening, April
29. The clubrooms were tastefully deco
rated and the roseate hues shed by the
many banquet lamps added effect to the
dainty costumes of the young ladies.
Among those present were:
Miss Smith, Miss Fralinger, Miss Felita
Smith. Miss Clarice McCurdy, Miss Mar
guerite Burton, Miss Elizabeth Kreutz
man. Miss Ida Tautphaus, Miss Lillian
Quinn, Miss Alice Tautphaus, Mrs. Frat
V ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF Ira PARIS
:v DRY GOODS COMPANY.
.BLACK DRESS GOODS
I- - SPECIAL VALUES IN - -
Novelty Dress Patterns
' 7mDress Patterns in Novelty Pierola Cloths and of CQ f\f\
■ ItArmure Jacquards .......'. dl OuiUU
' 0/1 Dress Patterns in Merseretta, Crepons and Poplin nf 010 Crt
OH- Novelties ....:... .............. dl O'Ui JU
> /IQ Dress Patterns in Venetian Novelties, Bayadere of CIO fin
; M-Jj and Braided Effects:.:.. dl $l£iUU
; CH Dress Patterns in Paris Crepons, a decided nf 010 CO
; Oil novelty .'..: ...... ....... dl JIO.UU
> 0(1 Dress Patterns in Silk and Wool Grenadines and of OIQ nfl
> OU Bengaline Novelties. .....:........:...... til OIO.UU
* ; A magnificent collection of High-Class French Novel- >
>•' ties in Grenadines, Bayadere, Matelasses, Silk and 001 f« CQR
> Wool Jacquards. Exclusive designs . ..1...... .„ $Ll iU 00 J
.''•■■'. . MOURMNG GOODS -A; SPECIALTY. ...
>
> SUITS, CLOAKS, MILLINERY, LINGERIE AND
I CURTrAINS ON. SECOND FLOOR.
> — — — — — '
I COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND- PROMPTLY FILLED.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
I SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
[ -V UNION SQUARE.
— — - • ■ ——."TV.I-.jtr — > *,;■-- •- *-' -
, lnger, Edward Forrester, Mr. Mason, Will
Steward, Fred Steward. Walter Forward,
J. Furlong Gallagher and Sidney Igstader.
A garden party was given Saturday,
May 7, in Berkeley at the beautiful resi
dence "Weltevreden" (well content) of
Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Gray, Ridge road,
Scenic Park, from 2 to 11 p. m. There
tv;is a continuous programme of line vocal
and instrumental music throughout the
afternoon and evening. Supper was
served from 5 to 7 o'clock for guests from
Oakland and the city. At 8 o'clock the
entire lower floor of the residence was
thrown open for dancing. Many tents had
been erected and hammocks swung in the
grounds, and the quaJnt old Dutch house
was a great attraction in itself.
in the evening myriads of fairy lamps
and lanterns placed amid the shrubbery
and in the trees illuminated the scene.
Young society girls of Berkeley occupied
the tents, where they served tea, told for
tunes and sold delicious candies made by
themselves.
The fete was for the benefit of the
building fund of the new Unitarian
church.
Those who assisted musically were:
Miss Alice Bacon. Miss Corcoran of Aus
tralia. Mrs. J. M. Pierce, Mrs. Olive Reed
Cusbman, Miss Carrie Dexter, Miss Eve
lyn Henry, Miss Georgia Cope. Miss Alma
Berglund, Miss Maud Robbins, Mrs. Mar
garet Cameron Smith, Hother Wiemer,
Frank Mitchell and Edmund Gray.
They're Er.gaged.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Felling have issued
invitations for the wedding of their
daughter. Miss Alice Feiling, and Henry i
Peters, at noon Wednesday, May 11, at St.
Paul's Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy
and Gough streets.
Mrs. I. Tobriner announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Delia, to Melville
S. Badt of Wells, New At home Sunday !
afternoon, May 8, at 764 Ninth street, Oak- I
land.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mabelle Barnes and Arthur Cohnreich. j
They will receive Sunday, May 15, from
2 to 5 o'clock at 751 Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Lowen<hal an
nounce the engagement of their sister,
Mish Clara Lowenthal, to Ephraim Jac
obs, a merchant of San Francisco. They
will receive at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
i/owenthal, 21*12 Clay street, on the 15th
of May, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Wedding Bells.
Last Sunday morning Miss Christina M.
Floyd was married to Edward M. Bou
kofsky, a prominent member of the
American Order of Foresters. The cer
; emony was performed by the Rev. Mr. j
P.uchler at his residence in the presence
! of relatives. After the marriage the new
j ly made couple went to the groom's home
1 at 916 Taylor street, where there was
served an excellent wedding breakfast
; to those who were present at the cere
mony and to a few intimate friends. The
: bridal presents were many and elaborate.
A!r. and Mrs. Boukofsky will shortly
leave for a wedding trip down south.
The wedding of Francisco Ulloa, grand
son of the late Francisco Mazan, and
: Alice L. Main, youngest daughter of
Medora T. Main and the late W. W. Main,
was quietly solemnized .by the Rev.
Father Prendergaat in the study of St.
Mary's Cathedral last Wednesday even
ing, April 27. at 8 o'clock, Mr. and Mrs. Ul
loa left on May 1 for an extended tour
through California previous to their de
parture for their future home in Salvador
the latter part of June.
The wedding of Samuel Larsen of Den
mark and Josie M. Feutren of Sausalito
took place Saturday evening, April 16, at
the residence of the bride, 44G Chestnut
THE SAIS" FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNPAY, MAT 8, 1898.
SOCIETY.
street, this city. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Father Heslin of St.
Francis Church. The maids of honor
were Miss Mary Feutren and Miss Ella
Tyson. The groomsmen were Thomas
Feutren and Henry Wiesenhaven. An
enjoyable evening was passed, followed
by a ■delightful supper.
The wedding of David C. Bole and Miss
Annie Kaufman, daughter of Mrs. H.
Kaufman, took place at the resi
dence of the bride's mother, 522 Jones
street, on Wednesday evening, April 27.
None but the immediate family wit
nessed the ceremony.
Home QatKerings.
Mrs. F. A. Wilder, of the Hotel Al
bany, Oakland, was the charming hostess
of a progressive euchre party, Thursday
afternoon. The affair was given in honor
of The Thursday Reading Club of Oak
land, and as a parting courtesy to Mrs. F.
E. Moore of Minneapolis. The parlors and
dining room of the Hotel Albany were
artistically embellished for the occasion.
At the conclusion of the game a dainty
collation was served in the dining room.
Mrs. MacNicol was the fortunate winner
of the first prize, an exquisite hand paint
ed cup and saucer.
The following members and guests of
the club were present:
Mrs. F. H. Barnes, Mrs. W. B. Batch
elder, Mrs. A. B. Bemerson, Mrs. E. E.
Brangs Mrs. Edward Bronson, Mrs. E.
L. Courtian, Mrs. L. S. Hill. Mrs. H.
L. Johnson, Mrs. D. MacNicol, Mrs. Frank
Miller, Mrs. Almans, Mrs. R. A. Summers,
Mrs. George Miller. Mrs. G. W. Hinds,
Mrs. F. E. Moore, Mrs. Madsen, Mrs. R.
P. Gleason. Miss Wheeler, Miss Bowman
of Los Angeles.
Max Asher was the recipient of a de
lightful surprise party Sunday evening,
May 1 in honor of his birthday at the i
residence of Miss Julia Schmidt, 1109% |
Bryant street. Games and- dancing were
engaged in until the "we sma" hours.
Those present were: Max Asher, Miss
Julia Schmidt, Fred Schmidt, Miss Mar
tha Hilken, Lee Sanders, Miss McDer
mott, Ben Springer, Miss Carrie Deppe,
Mr. Sales, Miss Annie Hammerich, Frank
Forrest Miss Sophie Hammerich, Clar
ence Collins, Miss Tlllie Erb, Gus Kam
merer, Ben Hilken, Herman Hilken, Louis
Lanther, G. S. Gray, John Frenzel, Henry
Schmidt, Carl Schmidt. Fred Meinecke,
Charles Deppe, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Du
mont Mr. Ruter, Mrs. Nissen, Mrs. Elsas
ser, Mr. and Mrs. H. Deppe, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Schmidt, Leoni Schmidt.
Richard Jurgens was the recipient of a
surprise birthday party at his residence
512 Grove street, on Saturday evening,
April 16. The evening was spent In danc
ing and games, and dinner was served at
a late hour. The following were present:
Miss M. Herrmann, Miss E. Lamer, Miss
! P Herting, Miss S. Paul, Miss F. Nie
i mann, Miss A. Schnitz, Miss C. Eiben,
Miss E. Schrader, R. Jurgens, H. Bus
hardt, F. Rothschild, Herman Zelgeler,
G Paul, H. Niemann, Theodore Eiben, H.
Heitmuller, Henry Zeigeler and \> . Zeige
ler
Miss Sadie Mendelson celebrated her'
eighteenth anniversary by giving a re-
I oeption at the residence of her parents,
I lew* Howard street. The evening was
pleasantly spent in dancing, singing and
games. George W. Alexander acted as
I toastmaster. At 11:30 o'clock a bounte
ous supper was served. Among those
present were the Misses Sadie Mendelson,
Sophie Cuffield, Mollie Goodman, Ray
Goldman, Bertha Goodman, Hermina In
dig, Kay Jacobs, Belle Herold, Millie
Fass Rose Hoffman, Flora Franklin and
Ray Hoffman, Bessie Raphael, Messrs.
Harry Emerson, Abe Rinehart, Sam Hoff
man. Max Rinehart, Jake Harris. Abe
Anthony, George Alexander, Nathan Har
ris, Emanuel Rothblum, Joe Jacobs, Sam
Jacobs. »«_..«.
A birthday party was given to Emil R.
Fischer last Friday evening at his resi
dence, 231 Golden Gate avenue. The Gold
en City band was engaged for the occa-
I sion. and Mr. Wllkie acted as master of
I ceremonies. Singing and dancing were en-
Joyed to the fullest extent. The Amador
! Club sang, and Professor Jones gave sev
i oral clarionet solos, after which theguests
partook of a grand supper, which was
followed by some patriotic songs. The
party lasted until the early morning.
Among those present were: Mr. and Jlrs.
R. (}. Wllkie, Mrv and Mrs. Gus Peters,
Mr. and Mrs. Fr^nk Hoffman, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Wedemeycr. Mr. and Mrs. W.
Hoffman, Mrs. Winters, Mr. and Mrs.
Silverstein, Mrs. E. A. Fischer, Miss A.
Fischer. Miss L. Wilkie, Miss C. Red
mann, Mr. Hall, Master F. C. Wilkie, Gus
Uhlenbrock, Mr. Harmuns. Master Emil
Fischer and Master Gus Peters.
On the evening of April SO a very pleas
ant party was given by Mr. and Mrs. W.
Watson at their residence, 17 Harper
street, in celebration of their fifteenth
anniversary. The rooms were handsome
ly decorated with ferns and flowers. A
large number of guests spent the evening
pleasantly in singing and dancing. At
midnight the guests were invited to the
dining room, and there partook of an ex
cellent collation, after which they retired
to the ball room, where they resumed
dancing until a late hour.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
W. Watson, Mr. and Mrs. R. Mitchell.
Mr. and Mrs. B. H. Wieners. Mr. and
Mrs. Konrad, Mr. and Mrs. West, Mr.
and Mrs. Rabjohn, Mr. and Mrs. Odium,
Mr. and Mrs. Irvine Watson, Mr. and
Mrs. Curry, Mr. and Mrs. Libscher, Mr.
and Mrs. Wells, Miss B. Curry, Miss L.
Libscher, Miss C. Libscher, Miss L. Bort
felt. Miss E. Hewitt, Miss Hazel Watson,
Miss Hattie W r atson, Miss Jennie Wien
ers. Misa Tessie Wieners, C. Cairo, C.
Zimmerman. E. Dentz, O. Libscher. C.
Watson, E. Curry.
A pleasant surprise party waa given to
Frod Suhr Jr. on the 27th of April at
Cambrian Hall in honor of his twenty
first birthday. The hall was beautifully
decorated with ferns and bunting. An
excellent table was set, and the evening
was spent in dancing and singing. Among
those present were: O. Lang. G. Schafer,
H. Bordtfeldt, H. Reidermann, V. Stein,
Miss R. Moore, Miss E. Bruns, C. F.
1 Schafer, G. Suhr. A. Stein, Misses G. and
L. Bruns. Misa L. Hoineke, Miss G. Bur
melster, Miss M. Goetzer, Misses L. and
L. Gall, R. Barthold, Miss H. Joost, C.
Barthold, Misses A. and D. Peaterson, W.
Fromm, A. . arthold, H. Baumann, H.
and W. Iberg, Miss H. Iberg, H. Yonder
Lleth. Miss L. Ga.belmann. Mins U
Knudson, C. Boysen, Miss T. Boysen,
C. Schultz, E. Ritter, Q. Ritter, J. Goet
zer. Miss A. Windier. H. Windier, Miss
I. Miller, J. Goetzer, Miss L. F. Schlissel
mann, H. Quast, A. and H. Bromstead, H.
Hnrstmann, Miss E. Horstmann, Miss A.
Gherhart, Miss L. Barthold, Miss E.
Sohafer, Miss C. Peters. Miss L. Rum
mel, Miss G. Siebe, Miss L.. Siebe, W.
Siebe, A. Dulpher. Miss Welch, Miss C.
Wahler, Miss J. Wells, Miss M. Wells,
Mlfs B. Schultz, Miss E. Flndlinp. Miss
S. Findlinsr. G. Glick, C. Crantz, E. Mil
ler, W. Miller, L. Scheppler, P. Leonhard,
Miss A. Drogue, E. Row, Miss A.
Aherns, Miss E. Prean, W. Peterson,
E. Peters, A. Heat, Miss T. Heat, A.
Ramm, W. Ramm, Miss D. Mass, E. Grot
zinger. Miss B. Joost, Dr. F. H. Crantz,
Miss E. L. Lilienthal. A. and H, Meisel,
Miss L. Bordtfeldt, Miss C. Bordtfeldt.
Miss L. Liebscher, Miss C. Liebscher,
I Miss L. Siebe, L. Siebe, F. Siebe, W.
Remenspf-rger, Miss M. Bauman, Miss
B. Bucking. Miss L. Steumke, Miss M.
Steumke. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McGiven,
Miss L. Murphy.
The Barmitzvnh of Nathan Olinsky
took place at the Geary street Temple
on Saturday, May 7.
Glub Parties.
The Entre Nous Club grave their first
entertainment and dance at Mission
Opera Hall on Wednesday evening, May
4. The laughable farce, "Arabian Nights,"
was presented by the company. Henry
Leffman, as Arthur Hummingtop, played
his part to the satisfaction of all; Stanley
Coleman and Ralph Ormerod, was well
suited to the character of the lover. F.
Jones, as Joshua, kept the audience
in a continual uproar, and Frank
Gilson, as the Henglist servant,
could not be improved upon. Miss
Corinne Fisk, as the mother-in-law,
olayed her part to perfection and called
forth laughter and applause. Miss Cla
rissa Seaward, as Mrs. Hummingtop, am
very well; Helen Dixon. as the niece, was
at home in her part; Martha Wohel was
as cute in the character as in appearance;
Miss Nellie Connor, as Rosa Columbier,
made an excellent indiarubber girl.
A very successful party was given by
the Crescent Social Club on Tuesday
evening, April 20, at Union-square Hall,
421 Post street. A. Hess, the president of
the organization, with Miss Amelia Zai-h
rias, led the grand march, followed by the
officers: Maurice Black vice-president;
Joseph J. Liberman, secretary; Morris
Cats, treasurer; I. Zeimer, director. Dan
cing was kept up until a late hour.
A most enjoyable outing was given by
the friends of the Nonpareil Social Club
Sunday, May 1, at Mussel Rock. Among
those present were the Misses A. Drewlet,
THERE
WILL BE NO RAIN
THIS YEAR,
SAYS
THE OLD MAN
OF
THE MOUNTAIN
LENGTH OF ROOTS
OF OLD MAN BE
FORE A WET SEA
SON.
THIS Is bound
to be a dry
year. Scarce
ly any rain is
to fall during:
the next
twelvemonth. At
least, that is whac
the "old man of the
mountain" says,
and the Indians say
that he never fails
as a weather pro
phet.
, The old man of
'the mountain is a
species of sage
brush, so called on
account of the soft
gray top that forms
on it in the fall of
the year. In some
parts of the State it
is simply called
"old man" and In
others "maiden
hair sage." Its sci
entific name is Ar
temesia California.
For countless
moons many of the
Indian tribes of this
State have looked
upon this plant as
the greatest weath
er prophet that
ever existed. Will
the season be wet
or dry? Ask the
old man.
This Is easy to do,
but you must know
a little of his lan
guage before you
can tell what he
says. The old man
speaks with his
roots. When there
is to be plenty of
rain his roots are
short, and when
there is to be little
rain his roots are
long.
The old man
knows there will be
no water from
above, so he goes
below for it. How
does a senseless
plant know there 1*
to be no rain? By
the same unknown
force that causes
seed pods to be
thick before a lons
cold winter, while
they are thin when
the winter is to be
mild.
All over the hilt
sides of Marln
County can be
found specimens or
old man and Its
roots are longer
now than they
have ever been
known to be before.
At the beginning of
a rainy season the
roots of a plant 12
Inches high are
about 6 inches lon^.
This year the sanW
plant will be found
to have roots as
much as 18 inches
long.
.ENGTH OF ROOTS
OF OLD MAN BE
FORE A DRY SEA
SON.
A. Coatello, M. Cunningham. A. McGrath.
A. Lamon, J. Cunningham, E. Bauer, Al
McGrath, M. Mcl.ear. M. McSorley, M.
Carack. M. Johnson, M. Bauer, M. Woods,
E. Aldrich, S. Woods, M. Aldrlch, Mrs.
Druelet, and Messrs. E. Hewelcke, O.
Athey, D. O'Neil, W. Weeder, B. Moore,
L. Truet, J. Burns, F. Harvey, E. McSor
ley, A. Plimley, W. McOrevey, M. Brock,
J. Ellis, A. Fernandis, W. Shine, W.
Hamilton, W. Mcßride, F. Row©, T. Rey
nolds, A. Rewig, C. Keefo, B. Spiller and
J. Spiller.
la the Future.
Mrs. Bennett will receive this Sunday,
May 8, from 2 to 6 at 623 Octavla street.
The eighth concert of the Columbia
Zither Club will be given this evening at
San Francisco Turn Verein Hall, 323
Turk street, to begin at 8 o'clock sharp.
Highland Springs.
Among recent visitors at Highland
Springs were: George C. Turner, F. J.
Tully, Miss Livesey, Miss L. Live
sey, H, A. Turner, R. C. Jewell,
T. N. Lilienthal and family, J. L.
Hawks, D. B. Bagley, Captain J. E.
Burns and wife, T. C. Pickney, E. L.
Labadie, A. Schneider, Mrs. B. M. Daud
and child, H. Y. Hinckley and wife, D.
Van Iderstlne, C. W. Hibbard, George
Taub and . wife, Mrs. O. K. Hop
kins, W. F. Hopkins, Mrs. C. F. Ackley;
A. W. Baker Jr., Oakland; A. M. Horton,
Geysers; A. L. Edwards, Hopland; H. L.
Cunningham, Oakland; T. W. Krook,
Cloverdale; Dr. and Mrs. E. T. Schlott,
San Francisco; J. M. Carroll, Oakland;
Dr. A. E. Blake and family, Mrs. S. L.
Bee, E. N. Bee, San Francisco; Mrs.
Agnes Spreckels, Alameda; Mrs. J. L.
Lambert, Mrs. R. S. Rigdon, Dr. R. H.
Plummer and wife, San Francisco; F. I.
Mayhew and wife, Fruitvale, Oakland;
J. G. Smith, San Francisco; L. A. Elster,
tlkiah: Mrs. J. E. Elster, Miss M. Chap
pel, Alameda.
Skaggs Springs.
At Skaggs Springs. In Sonoma County,
the following people are registered: San
Francisco— E. D. Warren, Miss Phillips,
J. L. Holliday, Dr. J. S. Ballard, wife and
son; M. Getz, Rev. P. S. Casey, Rev. P.
R. Lynch, E. C. Ewell and wife, J. L.
Haskell, »fc-s. Eugene Hahn, C. A. Day
and wife, Eugene McCoy and wife, A. R.
Gurry, N. Meyer, C. W. Kenitzer and
wife, C. S. Merrill Jr., Joseph Griffin,
Rev. J. S. Jones, James F. Leahy, Miss
Annie Leahy, C. M. Osborn, C. T. Morri
eon, W. W. Haskell, F. B. Norton, Miss
Dora Lewis, John D. Feldman, C. Kirk
and wife. Berkeley— Mrs. L. E. White,
Mrs. Alice Pease, the Misses Mary and
Alice Pease. Oakland— C. N. Aitken and
wife. San liafael — N. Strauss. Petalu
ma—Fred Kuhnle. Santa Rosa —F. S.
Turner, A. L. Fisher, J. W. Keegan, D.
R. Gale, O. M. Tuttle, S. A. Coffey, George
C. Codding. Jesse I. Jewell. Healdsburg—
J. C. Jones and wife. Cloverdale — Mrs.
Jt>hn Field, Mrs. Lillian Bird.
p'ersorxals.
Mrs. I. Tobriner, 1106 Devisadero
street, has discontinued her day at home
for the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Richards and
Mrs. Eva Wehn have gone to their cot
tage "Madrone Villa," at Mill, Valley, to
spend the summer.
Miss Clara Kallmann of this city has
left for a two months' visit to her sister,
Mrs. Sarah M. Glass of Los Angeles.
Among those sailing on the steamer
Zealandia for Honolulu Wednesday, May
4, were: George B. Greig, wife and two
children, Mrs. J. E. Kellar, J. E. Medau,
B. H. Mitchell and wife, Mrs. E. J. Mur
phy, Thomas Ryan, J. M. Sims, Mrs H.
M. Wells.
Mrs. Henry Burry of Seattle is visiting
her sister, Mrs. Kratz of 34 Bartlett
street. At home second and fourth Thurs
days.
Misg Rose Lieber of Brentwood has been
the guest oi Miss Emily Pistolesi of 1820
Hyde street for the past month.
Mrs. A. C. Pistolesi has gone to Napa
to spend part of the summer, where Miss
Emily Pistolesi will Join her shortly.
F. W. Dohrinann was in Venice on April
16, after having visited Florence, Rome
and Naples.
Miss Ruth Martha Gruenberg of Ala
meda will leave next Wednesday to spend
the summer months in Southern Cali-
fornia.
Mrs. Nathan Zeave of Honolulu Is vis
iting friends in the city. At home, 826
Turk street.
Mrs. Calvin Nutting and Miss Grace F.
Nutting have moved from 2003 Stelner to
2209 Devisadero street.
Miss Olga Reichling, accompanied by
her uncle, Anton Obert, and Mr. and Mrs.
J. Hamilton, will leave Saturday evening
for an extended tour through the Eastern
States.
Miss May Greenham left last Tuesday on
an extended Eastern trip. She will visit
all the principal cities and while at Phil
adelphia will be the guest of Miss Dora
Schemp.
The Misses Blake, recently of San Luis
Obispo, have moved to this city, and are
living at 1023 O'Farrell street.
Mrs. Julia. Hoffman Is the guest of Mr.
and Mrs. A. Hoffman, 1009 Scott street,
and will be at home the first and third
Thursdays.
THE DRUIDS.
Noble Grand Arch Goller is still con
fined to his home by illness.
The reports recently received by Grand
Secretary Graves show a marked increase
in the order in various parts of the State,
Last Monday Templar Grove and Vasco
da Gania groves installed their officers
with appropriate ceremonies.
On Tuesday night the officers of Auro
WHIST
PLAY FOR THE PAYOT TROPHY.
It Will lnterr-st the whist p:ayera of the Pa
clfliT Coast Whist Association to learn that the
committee in charge of the Payot trophy has
formulated a plan of play between the North
Pacific Whist Association and the Pacific
Coast "Whist Association whereby a visiting
team stands some show of winning. In the
merry-go-round contests that take place at the
annual meetings the element of luck cannot
be eliminated. A visiting club from one as
sociation to the other, entering one of these
matches and getting knocked out, can imme
diately challenge and play Inside of twenty
four hours the winning team. Ex-President
George E. Bates of the San Francisco Whist
Club formulated the plan, and It was accepted
at a meeting recently held in Portland. Or.
The following letter will explain Itself:
P J. Tormey. President Pacific Coas{ Whist
Association— Dear Sir: I am directed by the
North Pacific Whist Association to notify you
that the proposition submit ced at the fifth con
vention of our whist association by It. B.
Calley of the Linda Vista Club of Oakland,
representing the Pacific f'oast Whist Associa
tion, relative to the Payot trophy has been
Indorsed and approved. Respectfully yours,
GEORGE LEWIS GOWER,
Secretary North Pacific Whist Association.
SUGGESTIONS OF MILTON C. WORK.
Q. — What can you suggest, Mr. Work, to
keep up the Interest in our whist clubs In San
Francisco?
A.— From what I have seen of your whist
Clubs. I should think that it required very lit
tle effort to keep up the Interest in the game
here, as it seems to me that it la most popu
lar and sustains itself. It has occurred to me,
however, in the very pleasant week that I
have spent among your whisters, and during
which I have gained some little idea of the
■whist conditions In thin city, that you would
find it a very excellent plan to Inaugurate a
pair tournament for the championship of
either the city or this section of the country,
as you might determine most wise. In this
tournament I would suggest that you make it
obligatory that each pair be composed of one
laily and one gentleman. The tournament
could, to my mind, be most satisfactorily man
aged under a system by which each pair would
meet each other in a match say of about eight
deals, these eight deals being played all around
the room and the winner and loser being deter
mined by the positions above and below the
average. Our experience is that when a large
number of tables play eight deals the average
thereby derived is apt to be very nearly ac
curate, and therefore such matches are fairly
satisfactory tests of skill. Of course a larger
number of deals would be more satisfactory
If it were possible to so arrange, but I am
suggesting eight for the reason that It permits
three matches to be played each evening. Such
a tournament is being conducted this season in
Philadelphia with the most satisfactory re
sults, and I believe that here the field for it is
even more promising than in my own city. I
am satisfied that the announcement of it some
length of time ahead, with the title of the
champion pair of either Pan Francisco or Cali
fornia as you might decide being awarded to
the winner, would produce an exceptional iy
large entry. * most interesting event and
would in the end be of incalculable benefit to
the game of whist In this section.
THE WALBROOK SYSTEM.
The Walbrook team of Baltimore, of. which
TO MAKE ROOM FOR THE STOCK
OF OUR
Los Angeles Store!
This week we will hold A GREAT CUT-PRICE
SALE for the purpose oF forcing out the following
and numberless other lines oF stylish goods TO
MAKE ROOM FOR THE MAMMOTH STOCK OF OUR
LOS ANGELES STORE, which was DISCONTINUED
MAY 7th, and to Insure their immediate and com-
plete clearance the goods are oFFered at
Reductions That Are Simply Astounding !
HOSIERY. RIBBONS.
OAr» 300 Dozen CHILDREN'S EX- f Q-►Q -► 4-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED
Jm\J\* TRA HEAVY FAST BLACK lot MOIRE RIBBONS— In assorted
BICYCLE RIBBED HOSE. In colors; will be offered at 18c.
all sizes, suitable' for rough i . - : ,„■«■
usage, at 20c a pair. | OCZ.r' 4-INCH ALL-SILK FANCY
-. : !15OC RIBBONS— In plaids and stripes,
QS/, 200 Dozen LADIES* FAST elegantly, assorted; will bo offer-
Zut BLACK IMPORTED MACO ed at 250.
COTTON HOSE, double heels and . -
toes, usual price 35c; will be on __— — —
Bale at 25c a pair. ■
Pi fir' 20 ° Dozen LADIES' LISLE PARASOLS.
OUC THREAD HOSE. In black boot * t\M.\t\WMJW
and colored top; also plaids and i
. Roman stripes, and all the new- i_> c\ f\f\ FANCY PARASOLS —In
est designs; at 60c a pair. I ffIJ,,UU shaded stripes, all silk, value
$5- will be closed out at 92.
MEN'S AND JOYS' WEAR. "^~p IP c
Off/-. 75 Dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' EiflDuUll/ElViLf J.
OOw NEGLIGEE OVERSHIRTS, In a . ___
variety of light and dark colored _  „. v caivtrrtp OTTIPTTRB
be offered at 3oc each. 0P 65C: WUI Ur Fe^ron D s^cTal static per
be otierea at doc eacn. lOc> vzteC 15c, 200 and 250 per
(-Art 42 Dozen BOYS' WHITE LAWN J^- ■
OUC/ FACNTLEROY BLOUSES, with ~ .-.,, drttt^tat
deep sailor collars trimmed with QfSr* , 50 / . Pieces Y*¥F^,°**F*2*t
embroltfery and insertion; extra 4«V/ LACE, Point deAlencon effect,
value for 75c; will be offered at 9 Inch width regular price oOc.
EOc each. . on special sale at 25 ° a yard.
LADIES' kid^ GLOVES.
*7JSr- ■« dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "PEERLESS" KID GLOVES; Colors Red,
(DC Brown, Tan and Black; all sizes worth regular $1 00 a pair; will be closed
out for 75c a pair. v"> _ V
_•« fin 50 dozen LADIES'* 2-CE ASP PIQUE KID GLOVES: Colors Red Green.
Q>I«UU Tan, White, Pearl, Butter, Heliotrope and Black; extra good value for $1 25;
will be closed out for $1 00 a pair. '
NOTE— Every pair guaranteed and fitted.
%W See Examiner and Chronicle for Bargains from Other Departments.
_<35» Our New Catalogue Is ready for distribution to out-of-town resident*.
W3& to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
IMI f^ —..-,. £ ' \/\/ Murphy Building-, V
1/1/ Murphy Building:. *
Market ana Jones Streets. Market anfl Jones Streets.
ra Grove were installed, after which there
was a banquet, songs and speeches, which
served to make the evening a pleasant
one. The same night the officers of Per
severance Grove were installed and added
one to its membership. ••t.*«--
San Fra«clsco Grove had Initiatory
work last Wednesday night.
On Thursday night the grand officers
visited Alpini Grove and installed the offi
cers after whieu the visitors and mem
bers' were invited to a fine spread and a
pleasant time. The reports show an in
crease of sixty members during the term.
The officers of Galileo Grove will be in
stalled in public in Garibaldi Hall this
afternoon.
POCAHONTAS COUNCIL.
Pooahontas Council has made arrange
ments for a masquerade party to be given
in St. George's Hall on the evening of the
14th inst. This council has always been
very successful with its parties, and the
committee expects to make this one as
enjoyable as any that have been given in
the past.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
er without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Beverlpy W. Smith is the captain, has won the
challenge trophy several times and Is one of
tlv> strongest teams i:. the country. To "Wlilst
Opinion" the captain gives the following de
scription of Its system:
The chief characteristic of this system is the
significance given to the opening lead, which
is designed to show the character of the lead
er's trump holding. Both high and low cards
are used for this purpose.
Strong trumps are announced by the lead of
king or jack, or by the lead of ace, followed by
the penultimate.
The ace followed by the ultimate card and
queen, regardless of follow, are used to de
clare weakness in trumps.
When the hand Is opened with a low card
the lowest of the suit Is led to deny trump
strength, while the lowest but one card Is in
tended to affirm it.
The semi-honors, nine and ten. when led, are
generally from the top of suit, and make no
affirmation regarding the number of trumps
In hand.
False-carding second or third hand Is ordi
narily meant to suggest weak trumps.
After taking a force, the lead of king or
Jack Intimates a willingness to accept another:
queen or ace indicates a disinclination to be
forced again. In the low cards, two, three
or four. Invite a second force, and any other
low card declines it.
The eight and nine are used as arbitrary calls
through an honor turned.
The echo is made with three trumps exactly.
The boot-discard Is used, except that when
the diseuraer's partner has had the original
lead and has opened his hand from trumps the
"rotary discard" is adopted.
FINESSING IN YOUR OWN SUIT.
Judpre George L. Bunn has favored the whist
players of California with several articles of
gTeat value, and this week one of his letters
on the subject of finessing In your own But
is worth preserving. On the subject of finesse
In partner's suit, a far more important and
difficult Bubject Is the question of finesse in
the player's own suit- North has ace, jack and
two small of a plain suit; he turns a card
which indicates that he has one more of the
suit; East and West play cards that convey
no information; shall North finesse or not?
We favor a very conservative rule on this
point, believing that many tricks are lost by
taking the finesse in situations similar to this;
If North Is strong enough in trumps so that. If
the finesse loses, he can see a good chance of
making the best aftprward by exhaust
ing the trumps, then the finesse Is justifiable;
so perhaps if North has tenaces in both the
other suits with moderate trump strength, but
ordinarily we consider it trick-winning to put
up the best card on the second round. The
question of finessing on the first round of your
own suit led by your partner from weakness.
or of passing a strengthening card led by him,
is still a different variety of finesse; of course
the player Is justified in refusing to play the
best card in these cases much more often, for
the danger of losing it Is much less. For in
stance, third hand may. from king, jack and
others, pass the ten or nine led by partner, or
play jack or a smaller card led; when holding
ace, Jack and others, he is bound to pass ten
led by partner, and holding ace. queen, ten
and others, he may pass the nine led or play
the ten on a smaller card. These are a few of
the many instances whore deep finesse on the
first round of tha player's own suit is Justifia
ble; of course, a good player will be largely
governed by the fall of the cards and his own
hand, and It Is Impossible to make rules that
will be of much assistance.
SOCIAL WHIST.
Mr. King — I understand you were at the
whist club last night. Have a good time?
Miss Queen— Splendid! I had no idea that
whist was such a delightful game.
Mr. King— How many games did you play?
Miss Queen— Oh. we didn't play one whole
game. We got talking after the first hand had
been played, and so we didn't play any more.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UORDIAL
INVITATION
Is extended to all ladles who have been
deceived by worthies'* i^ace Prepara-
tions and alleged Complexion Beauti-
fiers to call at my parlors this week.
Ladies who have never investigated
the merits of my preparations are es-
pecially, welcome. Ladies will find that
I know more about the art of preserv-
ing and beautifying the complexion
than any other person in '. lie profes-
sion; that my preparations are scien-
tifically prepared; that the ingredients
are absolutely pure — the very best
money can buy; that I GUARANTEE
EVERY ARTICLE I SI L.
MASSAGE
. $5 WORTH OF TREATMENT
Free! Free! Free!
THIS WEEK IN
MASSAGE
Its importance and proper movement.
To make flabby cheeks firm.
To make thin necks plump.
To firm, fill. and build up
The entire face.
To each purchase "11 this > - .
Will be taught free.
Pimples,
fg± Blackheads,
■ Wrinkles,
dg^m* Freckles,
«P^%«55 Warts and
oner^sliK Moles,
r*r=~ T7 Moth Patches,
■\X ff Coarse Pores
-vvT^f v-r Positively Cured
and Removed.
TDIAI DATT^clles out *of town sending: thla
I AL I 1 ad. with 10 cents In stamps will
• receive . a book of instructions
'and a box of Skin Food and Face
Powder free. .
Lady Agents Wanted.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
BEAUTY DOCTOR,
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
HKNiSSy^Bls permanently removed by the
K*r<2gf/2^R Philadelphia Electrolysis Corn-
K^St "vjEl'any. Donohoe Building:. 1170
KdKl^flMarket street, cor. Taylor, room!
Ipßy • J 9 "- 1 " 1 with the • Electric Needle.
K3T^ """"■■without pain or scar. $1 50 a half
mSjtUtjmmhour this month; first sitting
■■■■■I FREE. Hours, 1 to 4 p. m.HORRORS !DRESSMAKERS SAY GRINOLINE IS GOING TO BE THE FASHION AGAIN
TKe Man Dressmaker
Is Pespor\sible for
the Jrovible.
_ ORROR or horrors! The crln-
I II oline is coming back! Rail, pro-
I II test, insist upon our rights as
I individuals and free agents aa
.1 JJL we may, wo are powerless to
down the tyrant Fashion, who
has sent forth the decree that
the crinoline must be adopted again.
The rumor has been persistently circu
late! for two or three years at every
on that the crinoline was
revived, but so far no one has been
enough to enforce the edict. But
\ve have been gradually growing up to
gradually that the skirts decorated
with rows upon rows of flounces, giving
that full, hooplike appearance which is
• irerunner of the obnoxious crlno
>me a matter of little inter
est to us, and we have accepted them
matter of course.
There is only one consolation in the
thought of this revival, and that is the
that all these old fashions restored
are so modified and modernized that when
they do finally come to us they appear
Ltural and so different from what
we expected that we wonder we ever
fought against them or even imagined
they were going to be so terrible.
To the most casual of observers it is
plain that women have a tendency Just
now to revert to the dreadful crinoline of
a past period. The first sign of this re
version came with the revival of tho rows
of flounces. Then came a billowy dis
tension of the skirt. At first this was
confined to the back. But now the woman
of fashion Boats— that is the only word—
upon a perfect cloud that suggests the
da) s of long- ago. When the balloon has
gone all around the llnal development will
nave been reached.
<Jf course, there is something to be said
In favor of the crinoline. Addlson — or
was it Steele— once pointed out the fact
that it was a protection, in that it kept
man at a distance. But that is an ethical
point, and the science of beauty knows
iio ethical reasons.
Fancy an up-to-date woman on a wheel
wearing a crinoline! Can any picture be
more absurd, ridiculous and grotesque
than a bicyclist wearing a hoopsklrt? Yet
even this may come to pass.
The man dressmaker rears the influence
of tho bachelor maid and the new
woman in his profession. It does not
mean so much prollt to him, this fad for
severity In the matter of gowns, which
has been rearing its head among us late
ly. What frou-frous, ruffles or compli
cated trimmings can be put on a plain,
clinging skirt? What outlet has all his
■ for designing exquisite creations
when the average woman insists upon
donning plain cloth skirts and tailor-made
bodi<
Therefore, in sheer desperation, the man
imaker has started in on a new cru-
Bade. He. is determined to make woman
look more womanly, and he has brought
forth the old-fashioned hoopskirts of our
rs and grandmothers. But the
women who wore these birdcages had
more space, more room to move around
in. The world was not in a continual
rush to crowd into twenty-four hours the
work of forty-eight. We had no cable
those days, no trolley tyrants, no
conductors who stood with their hands on
the bell rope ready to ring the moment
the woman's foot was on the lowest step.
This matter of hurry, hurry is all very
veil while the modern woman wears the
present style of dress; but imagine a
woman in a crinoline hurrying to catch
a trolley car, scrambling to get on board
the bell rings and at the same time
trying to manipulate the unwieldy hoop
t-kirt in which she is caged!
Funny papers twenty-five or thirty
years ago used to be filled with carica
tures of women trying to sit down while
wearing a hoopskirt. Yet to-day woman
says she is emancipated! For all that
;-!;• is a willing slave to fashion, and wnen
forth from Paris that she
don a crinoline don it she does, just
ekly ar,d obediently as she did in
C old, when she owned to pos
g a "lord and master."
As the American women are said to
the world in intelligence and pro
3, it is to be hoped, now that a
chance is given them to assert themselves
and prove their superiority, they will rise
In a body and refuse to adopt a fashion
which is bound to make them look ridic
ulous.
• • • •
Although every one has his feet
measured for shoes, there are very few
persona who know what the sizes
marked upon the shoe stick mean.
There are two shoe sticks in use in
America and Europe. The stick used
in the United States was originally
English and is still used in England.
The rt-st of Europe uses the French
stick.
The sizes on the English shoe stick
were derived from the length of a bar
ley corn, and they run three to the inch.
The first mark on the stick, or size 1,
: - arbitrarily. Just 4*4 inches
from the upright. Why this distance
BANGLES FOR THE ANKLES,
THE LATEST AAD.
THERE Is a new fad abroad In the way of betrothal gifts— new and novel,
and one whose origin It would be hard to trace, unless we go far back into
the customs of the Orient and there find its prototype. The proper way to
a l.^trothal compact now is to give a bangle, but not just an ordi
nary bangle to slip up and down the arm— not the old-lashioned, common
place bangle which is fastened with a pretty lock, the key to which is carried
he heart— but a gold or silver bangle, just large enough to slip up and
down the ar.kle, fastened with a little lock.
This is the latest, the very latest and newest rad. The bangle may be of
gold or silver, just as the donor's ptfcket-book will allow, and the little lock
■which fastens it must be secured by a gold or silver key.
The origin of the fad can only be found In the East, where bracelets and
bangles are as common on the ankles as on the wrists. Every one who has
r< ad "Salammbo" remembers the delicate, dainty, golden circlets which clasped
her pretty ankles, only that Salammbo's were chained so that her feet could
only sU-p just so far and no further.
The bangle must be loose enough to allow the stocking to be taken off and
put on without removing the circlet It must be tight enough to be kept in
place above the shoe top, and many button the top button of a high shoe over
the bauble to keep it in place.
It may prove an Inconvenience with a low shoe, but what girl would not put
up with the slight discomfort of having her pretty bangle slip down so that it
shows a little, just to prove to another girl that she has a sweetheart and a
le. of which he carries the key? .
HERE IS THE LATEST: THE ANKLE BANGLE.
The origin of this fad probably comes from the far East and Oriental nations.
THE SAIST FHA^TCISCO CAXL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
.Here Is tfoe .New Crinoline Girl and Some of Jiep Predecessors.
was fixed upon does not appear to be
known. For some other reason which
only can be goiessed at the graduated
part of the stick is again divided into
CALIFORNIA GIRLS WHO HAVE
MARRIED NAVAL OFFICERS.
CALIFORNIA, far away as she
seems to her sister States of the
East, is the center around which
the thoughts of many a naval
officer revolves, and in San Fran-
Cisco, perhaps more than any
other city in America, there lives a per
sonal interest in "the chances of war"
that is heartfelt and intense.
When the big guns of our ships are
booming in distant waters an answer
ing throb will echo in many an anxious
heart inside the Golden Gate, when
their angry heralds of destruction are
speeding to the enemy, tender if in
tangible messages will be shot toward
the West from brave officers and men,
for mind and might, though so actively
engaged, will harbor remembrances of
home and friends.
Nowhere is our navy more closely
associated than in San Francisco; the
tie of marriage, the lover's knot, the
bond of kinship and to the twining
tendrils of the club, all combine to
make the connection a close one be
tween San Francisco and the navy.
On the Maine, to start with the ship
that has started all the others and
given them their battle cry: "Remem
ber the Maine." were three officers well
known here, two of whom married San
Francisco girls. Lieutenant Carl Jun
gen married Miss Kate Woods, whose
exquisite voice has often been heard
at socials and charitable entertain
ments, and Paymaster Ray married
the pretty Mrs. Sadie Walton, who was
Mies Richards.
Dr. Heneberger, the surgeon of the
Maine, who so faithfully and indefati
gably worked for the injured after the
disaster, has many friends here to ap
preciate how nobly he could fill his po
sition. Dr. Heneberger is considered
one of the handsomest men in the navy.
Added to this his quiet, gentlemanly
manner and a suggestion of pathos in
his smile have endeared many to him
and caused many a girlish heart to
Ilutter.
On the Oregon, whose uncertain
path is surrounded wit"h predictions,
are several officers in whom San Fran
cisco feels a special interest and pride.
Lieutenant Commander James K.Cogs
well, the executive officer, has many
warm friends here. He is a brother-in
law of Mrs. Hatch, who was Mrs.
Hawes of t'. '- city. Through his connec
tion with the Hawes family Lieutenant
Commander Cogswell is well and wide
ly known.
Lieutenant Edward Eberle was mar
ried here several years ago and his wife
— a pretty sparkling brunette who was
Miss Tazie Harrison of San Francisco —
is living here with their little boy, who
is named after his father and who is so
patriotic that he tells every one, on the
principle of "love me love my dog,"
that his intelligent brown setter is "a
true American."
With the predilection of the sailor
for nicknames, Lieutenant Eberle has
been dubbed "Pistol," and the name
probably originated from his quick, de
cisive way of going straight to the
r.oint. Lieutenant Eberle conducted
his courtship on this plan and there
was no mistaking his One night
4n the wardroom it was noticed with
two sets of numbers. These numbers
begin at 1 and run up to 13, and then
they begin a train at 1 and run up to 13.
The first numbers from 1 to 5 are known
some surprise that each officer had a
champagne glass at his place. Specu
lation was rife as to the cause and no
body knew whose treat it was. But
when the wine was poured out Lieu
tenant Eberle rose, with glass in hand,
and said:
"Well, fellows, she didn't say no and
I think you can guess her name."
Mrs. Eberle's older sister is the wife
of Lieutenant John J. Kr.app, who is
bringing the Topeka home from Eng
land.
-Mr^. Knapp is a handsome woman, a
blonde with a fresh, flower-like face
and she has a charm of manner that
is in.stantly felt. Mr. Kaapp is a fa
vorite socially, as well as with his fel
low officers.
Another popular naval officer, who
married into the Harrison family and
thus became connected with a large
Southern clique here, embracing the
Thorntons, Thompsons and MePher
sons, is Lieutenant James H. Glennon,
who will also be actively engaged, as
he is on the Massachusetts, one of the
Vessels of Admiral Sc-hley's flying
squadron, now at Hampton Roads.
Lieutenant Glennon married Miss
Susie Blair, a first cousin of Mrs.
Knapp and Mrs. Eberle. Being an or
phan Miss Blair was brought up by
Mrs. Harrison, who now pathetically
remarks that, although each of her
girls is concerned about her husband,
she is triply to be pitied, being equally
disturbed about all three.
Assistant Engineer Joseph M. Reeves,
wlio is on the Oregon, has left a wife in
San Francisco and a small daughter,
too young to read all the speculations
regarding the pride and boast of our
navy.
Mrs. Reeves, who is a pretty blonde,
was Miss Eleanor Watkins, of San
Francisco, granddaughter of Commo
dore Watkins and daughter of "Jim"
Watkins, well known in Menlo Park
and San Francisco.
Another lieutenant on the Oregon,
well known to the Pacific Coast, is reg
inald Nicholson, familiarly known as
"Regy" by the club men of San Fran
cisco, with whom he is a favorite.
"Regy" is always looked to for a good
story and he seldom disappoints the ex
pectations of his friends. Althoueh a
widower and popularly suppose^ +o be
heart whole and fancy free, the lieuten
ant has a circle of acquaintances
among the fair sex, for it is always safe
to say that when a man is liked by men
he is also appreciated by the women.
On the Marietta, accompanying the
Oregon, on her long voyage, is Lieu
tenant Alexander McCrackin, who mar
ried Miss Be^le McPherson of this city,
and also Ensisr i James J. Raby. whose
marriage to Miss Janet Callahan in Oc
tober was a social event.
Miss Minnie McPherson, a cousin of
Mrs. McCrackin, married Lieutenant
Parker of the Monadnork.
Miss Dora Miller, daughter of Sena
tor Miller, from this State, is married
to Captain Richardson Clover, now in
command of the Bancroft.
Little Miss Dora Clover enjoys the
proud distinction of having been the
first baby to test the developing capa
bilities of the incubator. It worked in
her case and she was one of the five
children who ont to the kindergarten
at the White House, which was con
ducted for the benefit of the Cleveland
children. The Clovers live in a beauti
ful house in Washington and entertain
magnificently.
TheKearsarge was christened by the
as infant's sizes, those from 6 to 10 as
children's, from 11 to 2 as misses' sizes,
from 2V> to 6% as women's and from 7
to 13 as men's sizes.
wife of Lieutenant Commander Her
bert Winslow, whose father was the
commander of the old Kearsarge. Mrs.
Winslow was the daughter of the well
known family of Lafayette Maynard.
Lieutenant Commander Delehanty.
executive officer of the Texas, married
Miss Bertha Washington of San Fran
cisco, a true descendant of George
Washington.
Some other well-known San Fran
cisco girls, married to naval officers
who will be more or less to the front,
are Miss Thornton, who married court
ly, dignified Captain Watson; Miss
Selby, now the wife of Captain Kemplff,
Miss Minnie Webster, sister of our well
kn»wn club devotee, Fred Webster,
wife of Lieutenant Charles Gore; Miss
McDougall, who was married about a
year ago to Jolly Lieutenant Miles
Gorgas; Miss Huntsman, who married
Lieutenant of Marines Robert Dutton,
closely connected with San Francisco
besides, as his parents live here; Miss
Maude Morrow, daughter of Judge W.
W. Morrow, who married Lieutenant
Fechteler; Miss Mary Graham, daugh
ter of General Graham of the Presidio,
who married Ensign Guy Burrage of
the Concord, lately sailed with the
Asiatic fleet to bombard the Philippines;
Miss Carleton, niece of Mrs. B. F. Nor
rls, who married the attractive Captain
Thompson; Miss Weena Martin, who
married a son of Admiral Phelps, Lieu
tenant "Tom" Phelps, appointed naval
attache to President Dole during his
visit to Washington, and Miss Mary
Eddy, who married Lieutenant-Com
mander Driggs. Mr. and Mrs. Driggs,
with a small son and daughter, are liv
ing in Washington in a handsome new
house which, to quote Mrs. Driggs, was
built "without a cent of mamma's
money, " Lieutenant - Commander
Driggs, besides being a competent offi
cer, is a talented one as well; he is one
of the inventors of the famous "Driggs-
Schroeder" gun.
Miss Jennie Cheeseman, a well-known
and very pretty San Francisco girl,
married Lieutenant Shoemaker at the
time of the Philadelphia, and Mrs. Van
Vliet, widow of General Van Vliet,
married a brother officer of his—Lieu
tenant F. H. Conant. These two men
were great friends, called each other
respectively "Conic" and "Shoe," but
took their brides from their San Fran
cisco homes to Annapolis, and both are
now to be ordered to the front.
Admiral Gherardi married In San
Francisco, and no other city has taken
a greater pride in the heroism of his
son, who has saved two lives by twice
jumping overboard to the rescue, re
gardless of his own grave peril.
RICHARD HAMILTON POTTS.
Old newspapers form an important item
in domestic economy, and are useful for
polishing window glais-^e, for cleaning
lamp chimneys, for testing and cleaning
fiat irons, and for a dozen other things;
you will also need heaps of them when
you come to pack away the winter cloth
ing. The clothes moth, like other evil
doers, has an aversion to printer's ink.
An excellent moth-proof bag, second only
to the expensive tar-paper, and costing
nothing, may be made of two thicknesses
of newspaper, with the edges folded as
if for an inch-wide hem, and securely
pasted. Bags of the same kind are about
th<> best thing you can use for keeping
setds and dried herbs. They are dust
and insect' proof, and can be labeled and
hung in the store-room until needed.— May
Woman's Home Companion,
LINEN GOLLARS GIVE PLACE
TO STOCKS
THE popular linen collar is threatened with extermination. It has been the
standby of the tailor-made girl so long that It has seemed to have obtained
the same footing in a woman's wardrobe that it held in a man's. It was
certainly natty and tidy looking, and Rave the "mannish finish" to a
woman's costume which is considered just the thing these days. But it had its
drawbacks, its Inconveniences, and its discomforts, arid woman's sense of vanity
was the final straw which broke the camel's back of Its popularity.
Where that stiff white band had out into her soft flesh appeared wrinkles
and ridges. Instead of the curved roundness which formerly made her throat
so beautiful there was a compression not unlike what would be found in one' 3
finger from the wearing of too tight a ring. A woman who has worn linen
collars for any length of time cannot wear a low-necked dress and present that
beautiful swanlike neck about which the poets have sung for centuries.
But a woman could not give up her fhirt waists, her collars and, above all,
her Ascots and four-in-hands just as she was learning to tie them, and so a new
device has been adopted. It is simply the substitution of a white pique stock for
the stiff, starched linen collar which has been discoloring and distorting woman'!
neck so long.
THE NEWEST STOCKS.
J-|ir\ts for the Business
Woman for Summer
Weather Wear.
AS IT promises to be an unusually
hot, dusty summer, with war and
hard times, the small economies
will be great necessities.
There are many new fabrics shown
this year in cotton and linen which, made
without lining or trimming, will be very
light and cool and not affected by the
dust.
The skirts should be cut gored with a
straight width Joined to a bias one, and
all the seams "tailor" stitched to wide
tape on the under side to prevent stretch
ing when laundered. The bottoms should
be faced with the same material instead
of hemmed. In making up cotton or
linen it should be soaked for ten minutea
in warm strong salt and water, which
will both shrink and set the color and
prevent the desire to tear one's hair when
the skirt or shirt waist iirst comes home
from the laundry.
The sailor hat, which promises to be
come more popular than ever before, can
be made less severe by using a facing of
satin as nearly as possible the shade of
the warm tints in the hair, or if preferred
the same shade as the eyes. Use very
heavy, glossy satin put on perfectly
smooth. If the brim of the hat is double,
as it is in most good sailors, rip the two
portions apart and slip the satin be
tween. In bands velvet is more becoming
than ribbon. By making a band carefully
and poining it under the bow with one
half-inch of elastic it can be slipped off
and on and different ones to match the
tie or waist adjusted as easily as the hat
itself.
Ties are so easy to make it is a sur
prise that any one with a slender purse
will pay 25 or up to 50 cents for one she
could make in ten minutes for half the
price.
For lining use the double faced cotton
flannel; it costs a shilling a yard and you
will require a yard and one-eighth. Lining
from an old tie is just as good. Use rib
bon, closely woven; stitch it up on tho
wrong side and turn it with a lead pencil,
and then slip the lining inside, using a
hairpin for a needle; press and llnish the
ends and you have a tie you can wash
all summer.
A neat way of making a stock to be
worn without the starched collar during
the warm weather is to baste footing on
to the middle of a ribbon about a yard
and a half long, so that it will form a
niching. Tie the ends in the usual four
in-hand knot or in a bow with llaring
ends. To keep these in place and not
have them wilt, take a very fine piece of
hat wire, double it and twist the rough
ends together so they will come under
the center of the bow knot, leaving the
ends pulled apart to hold the bow out at
the sides.
A new veil, or, rather, one of very old
style revived, is a yard and a half to two
yards long-, with a lace edge and deep
bordered ends. Crossed at the back of
the hat it is held in place by a fancy pin
and the ends brought under the chin and
tied in a bow, which must stand out at
right angles to the ends. To keep it
on the brim in front, sew it into a small
knot, and it will stay in place without the
pin, which is so out of place. As it is very
expensive, it requires care to keep it in
order.
To clean it. let it soak a few minutes in
a small quantity of gasoline. Change the
gasoline till it is perfectly clear. Shake
the veil out well and pin it on a pillow
and let it remain for ten or twelve hours,
as it must not be ironed. A quarter's
worth of gasoline bought any place but a
drugstore will clean a veil half a dozen
times.
• * • •
THE old-fashioned bar pin is here
with us again. We have had so
many stickpins — round, oval and
fancy shaped— from which to make
a selection for tho last few years that
the bar pin, so dear to. every woman's
heart, was relegated to a back seat, so
far as popularity went.
This style of pin is much more con
venient than the more graceful and
smaller brooch of fanciful design which
succeeded it and has held its own for so
long, but whether the revival of the bar
pin presages the revival of the low col
lar and fancy la.ced trimmed dress neck
is something which just at this stage
cannot be positively stated.
When the dresses were cut low and
round in the neck or had collar bands of
the dress material, and were disfigured
with rows of closely set buttons, the bar
pin was a necessity to keep the neck
properly and neatly closed. Then when
the fashion of collars— straight, stilt linen
collars — came in, with all the attendant
scarfs, cravats, bows and ties, the 'bar
pin was no longer a necessity, but a su
perfluity, and its successor, the now fa
miliar stick pin. came in for its share or
popularity.
2728
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS WIN
A BATTLE IN THE EAST
THE battle between Christian
Scientists and certain physicians
in Massachusetts is thus set forth
by an Eastern paper: Last month
there was introduced into the
Massachusetts Legislature a bill which
while purporting to be protective legis
lation—that is, legislation ostensibly for
the people, was in reality designed to
protect certain medical practitioners.
The proposed bill was entitled " An Act
to Regulate the Registration of Physi
cians and Surgeons," but the secretary
of the Board of Registration announced
through the press that it was especially
Intended to prevent '"Christian Scient
ists and other charlatans from practic
ing."
The section which was designed to ef
fect this purpose read as follows:
"Any person shall be regarded as practic
ing medicine within the meaning- of this
i.,li append to his name the let
ters M. D., or shall assume or advertise
thf title "i Dr., or physician, or any other
title which shall show or tend to show that
the person assuminK or advertising the
same is a practitioner of medicine or of
any of the branches of medicine; or who
shall investigate or diagnose any physical
or mental ailment or defect of any per
son, with a view of affording relief, as com
monly done by physicians or surgeons; or
who shall prescribe treatment for a per-
Bon for the purpose of curing any real or
suppo • •"! disease, whether by the usf
of drugs or by the application of any other
agency or alleged method of cure; or to
operate as a surgeon tor the cure or re
lief of any wound, fracture or bodily in
jury or deformity, after having received
therefor, or with the intent of receiving
theretur, either directly or indirectly, any
bon.i.-. gift or compensation."
During the three sessions which were
held for the hearing of the bill, the hall
was crowded with interested listeners,
for many thoupitful people, who had no
special Interest in Christian Science
saw in it an attack upon the personal
liberty that is st> cherished by a free
dom-lovinir people, and able romnn
strances outside the delegates from the
Christian Science Church were volun
tarily made by prominent scholars, and
well-known citizens.
The Rev. R. Fay Mills thus protested:
"I am opposed t" any law that will af
iVc i masseurs, Christian scientists, etc.,
so l"nsr as tht=y advertise themselves as
such. I do n"t see how we are to make
any real progress in any direction if we
confine ourselves to those who have
passed only through a certain course.
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE ODD FELLOWS.
At th< session of the grand lodge next
week itory work will be exem
; bj the degree team of Pajaro
Lodge ol Watsonville, and the second de
gree will he exemplified by the Excelsior
degree team of Excelsior Lodg
< '■ Wednesday evening there will be a
tion to the representatives to the
• and to the delegates to the
assemblj of the Rebekahs.
• rei ary has supplied all
thi ; and Rebekah lodges with
Louder back's <ii>i- .st of the laws
of the order.
tertainment and dance that was
given lasl Friday night in Memorial 11. ill.
J. <>. O. I', building, by Sargent L
nor of its seventh anniversary was
one <■; njoyable affairs for which
this- lodge Is noted. The programme in
welcome by George
\V. Dixon, P. <;.; whistling solo, Miss
Al !::■ Ewing: address by George 11. Mor
!'. G. M.; recitation of "Wildey's
Dream" by Miss Lizzie Stanton,
tions by i and Mrs. Bachman,
,'ocal s.<!.>^ by Mrs. Fannie I^o.
Emmerson and Mrs. Lena Jar vis.
inline '.here was a dance
and refreshment^'--"H t<*<? cr^ain.
T!?K KEBEKAHS.
Mission Lodge celebrated its lirst an
niversary "ii the evening of the last day
A; ri] In Excelsior Hall, which had been
orated with (lags, flowers
aod garlands for the occasion. The fol
lowing excellent programme was great
ly appreciated by the large audience that
!ii;>'i the hall. Recitation, Miss Litchen
. original songs, Sam Booth; fancy
•. Miss Health; bass solo, George
tan; comic songs, Mrs. Oceana
i.waite. During the evening there
were addresses by Grand Master Drew,
Past Grand Master Simpson, and Grand
Secretary Shaw. Noble Grand Lucy M.
yuinton presided and in the entertain-
Ing of the members and guests was as
sisted by Mesdames Williston and Hol
nunb and Mr. Wnnmer, the committee
ol arrangements. As a souvenir of the
occasion each lady was presented a cor
louquet and each gentleman a but
tonhole flower.
i i.< following team from Loyal Re
bekah Lodge will exemplify the work be
the Assembly of California on Wed
nesday ".-veiling next: Miss Florence Line
han, li'ihie grand; Mrs. Henry Cyrus, vice
Brand: Miss Lillian B. McFarland, past
nobic grand: Miss Maggie Bell, chaplain;
Miss Minnie Van Dorn, conductor; Miss
iia/.i;l Burns, Naomi; Miss Hettie V.
Corlett. Ruth; M ss Emma Swensen, right
supporter to the noble grand; Miss
Bourne, left supporter; the Misses Heit-
Ber, ngnt and left supporters to the vice
grand: Miss Emma Brower, Miriam; Miss
Jewt-li, Esther; Miss Winnie Gillen. Miss
Florence Walcom. Miss May Jennings and
Miss Lillie Mienneberger, banner bear
ers: Miss Hienen. Hannah, and Dr. A. N.
Copsey, drill master.
To-morrow night Loyal Lodge will cel
ebrate- its anniversary by an entertain
ment and dance in Welcome Hall in the
1. O. O. F. building. A good programme
had been prepared.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge initiated four
candidates at its last held meeting.
During the sessicn of the Grand Lodge
and the State Assembly the members of
both bodies will be served with luncheon
in the Banquet Hall of the I. O. O. F.
building by the ladies of Amity Lodge of
tilt- Ttebekahs on Tuesday and Wednes
day and by those of Oriental Lodge on
Thursday.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Unity Lodge has resolved that it will
keep in good standing any of its mem
bers while actually in the service of the
Government, either as a soldier or a
sailor, during the war with Spain.
Deputy Grand Master Danforth is pre
paring the list of deputies for the State.
A special vote of thanks has been ten
dered to Grand Master Workman Bahrs
for having sent Special Deputy Vanduyn
to -Meiidocino to look after the order
there.
Through the efforts of Special Deputy
R. K. Wells, Olive Branch Lodge of Fall
brook, has received a large number of
applications.
Benieia Lodge will be visited next Tues
day by the grand master workman and
the grand receiver.
There was a joint picnic of the lodges
of Visalia, Fresno, Hanford and vicinity
last wec-k, and the members of the lodges
of the Degree of Honor took part. There
present Grand Lecturer William
Henry Barnes and Grand Receiver Sam
Booth.
A new lodge was instituted on April
30 by Deputy Malplesden with twenty-one
members.
The Workmen of San Diego held a large
and enthusiastic meeting on the last day
of April with beneficial results.
The Workmen of Guerneville and vicin
ity will hold a picnic at that place on the
30th inst.
FRANKLIN LODGE, A. O. U. W.
There was a large and highly apprecia
tive audience on Friday night in Laurel
Hall, Shiels building, at the entertain
ment that was given by Franklin Lodge
to its friends. The programme arranged
under the supervision of S. Hoffman,
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments, was a most excellent one, the tal
ent being of the best. After an opening
overture by the orchestra Grand Master
"Workman Bahrs delivered a ten-minute
address, in which he set forth the bene
fits of the order in a clear manner, car
rying conviction with it. It was one of
the best efforts in that line of the grand
officer. Miss Lily S. Roeder favored with
a soprano solo and followed with the
"S*.tU -sjmngled Banner," that was ren
ta*«4 wtth patriotic fervor and enthusias
Some things that have benefited the
human race to a great extent came
from people who did not belong to any
particular society. The progress that
will be made over present conditions in
the medical profession to-day will be
as great as the progress of to-day over
the magicians. The people of the fu
ture will laugh at us just as we laugh
at the ancients."
William Lloyd Garrison said: "I de
sire to enter an earnest protest against
the bill under discussion. It is a vio
lation of individual rights and in the
interest of special privileges. Ostensi
bly an act to protect the community
from malpractice, this is really meant
to secure the monopoly of treating dis
ease to those who bear the credentials
of a recognized school. It is the in
definite repetition of an attempt to
limit admission to the temple of heal
ing, since the first organized body of
practitioners secured legal possession
of it, far back in the dim twilight of
civilization. The most cherished and
important principles held by the medi
cal faculty to-day were once maligned
and had to win recognition against the
opposition of the established schools.
In my own memory the homeopaths
were proscribed and denounced as
charlatans, just as those who practice
mental healing now, but they con
quered. To narrow the service which
offers itself for the healing of humanity
by such devices as the one proposed Is
to retard the growth of true science.
"Our protest is not against education
or skill, but for liberty, without which
both must suffer. One has only to read
the candid opinions of eminent physi
cians to realize how purely experimen
tal is the science of medicine. The
death of a patient under irregular
treatment, although it may be demon
strated that the greatest intelligence
was used, is heralded abroad as some
thing scandalous, but if any regular
physician were to make public the
deaths coming to his knowledge from
misapprehension of the disease <>r mis
taken remedies, the public might well
be alarmed."
Professor William James of Harvard
University said: "Were medicine a
finished science, with all practitioners
in agreement about methods of treat
ment, a l>ill to make it penal to treat a
patient without having passed an ex
amination would be unobjectionable.
But the present condition of medical
tically received. Gladys Weller, a little
int of !i\>- years, pi\i a coon song and
dance that was a marvelous performance
; ■! one so young) and so pleasing was hi r
effon tUh i she had to give an ci
One of the gems of the programm<
Hi<- recitation in negro dialed of '
my's Little Baby" by Miss Freda G
lick, one of the leading amateurs oi
city. This young lady, atl
nfficent evening dress, rendered the par)
of the anxious, loving mother putting her
little one in sleep and watching over LI
uitli jealous, fender care, in a manner
that held the audience spellbound, and at
ose she was rewarded witn a hearty
round of applause and a recall. A mosi
enchanting violin solo was given by Miss
Isabella Johansen, after which the mas
ter workman of tin- lodge introd
little Tryphina Pritchard as "a natural
born elocutionist," and her rendition of
"How Jennie Minded the Baby." which,
on a recall, was followed by the recitation
of a poem calling on th« nation to avenge
the M;un«>s boys, gave proof that the
announcement was not extravagant
praise. Professionals who wer< present
i. • rded her the distinction of being tin
most effective and eloquent elocutionist
■>i her a^" in This city. The patriotic
poem was recited in a costume heightened
l>v wearing a liberty cap and tri-ooiored
sash, which awakened the patriotic :~ j > l l l l
of the entire audience. Pasl Grand Mas
ter Barnes delivered a snort address full
of exquisite sentiment, Interspersed with
tine humor, after which .1. P. Dwyer, the
financier of the lodge, gave an exhibition
of ventriloquism that was exceedingly
well Received. At the close of the pro
gramme the master workman called on
Miss Roeder to lead in the "Star-spangled
Banner," and asked the audience to Join
in the chorus. At a signal the entire au
dience, nearly three hundred, roae and
sans the refrain of that glorious anthem
with a vim. and then closed with three
cheers for Old Glory and the success of
the American arms. Each of the per
formers re.-cived a handsome bunch of
flowers. Professor It. Hoffman was the
accompanist of the e\-ening. Then fol
lowed a dance, of which Past Master Otto
Klump. assisted by Foreman Hancock
and Past Master Levy, had the direction.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Alida Upcburch Lodge paid a visit
on last Tuesday night to the lodge in
Milpitas, and the members were well re
ceived and entertained.
Minerva Lodge of Alameda gave a
social last Saturday, which was well at
tended and proved a great success.
Martha Lodge of Fresno has been do
ing very well of late, and its membership
has been increased to 141.
Last Wednesday evening Ivy Lodge of
Oakland gave a reception to Grand Mas
ter Workman Bahrs, Grand Chief of
Honor Mrs. Mahon, and to the two grand
recorders. Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Poland.
There was present a large number of
numbers of the order, arid in the fore
part of the evenings there was ;i pleas
ing programme, which included s piano
duet by Miss Lillian Greenberg and Miss
Margie Oakes; recitation, Miss Nellie
Mackay; vocal solo, W. J. Oakes; instru
mental solo, Mrs. Jennie Sturrock Hall.
This was followed by a banquet, when
after the good things had be£h disposed
of the following toasts were responded
to: "The Banquet," Miss Jacobson; "The
A. O. U. W.," Grand Master Workman
Bahrs; "Degree of Honor," Grand Medi
cal Examiner Dr. Mayon; "Superior Chief
of Honor," Mrs. Eva Cogan; "The Grand
Chief of Honor." Mrs. S. Carr; "The
Grand Recorders," Mrs. M. Reischman;
"Grsnd Medical Examiner," Mrs. Ella
Van Court; "The Grand Blaster Work
man." Mrs. E. F. Mayon "The Girls,"
M. Isaacs; "The Ladies," Judge Allen'
"The Benefkiary." Mrs. F. S. Poland'
'The Drill Team," Mr. Haynes; "The
Past District Deputy," Fannie Oakes;
"The District Deputy." Mrs. Sturrock-
Mrs. Townsend, and "The Captain of the
Drill Team," Mrs. Eva Cogan. Thi re
sponses mere all to the point, bin the
K-ms of the oratory, for aptitude, cnoice
of language and delivery, were the re
sponsts of Mrs. Cogan. The evening
closed with the singing of "America" by
the entire assemblage, and three cheers
for Old Glory and for those who are
fighting to maintain it.
Silver Spray Lodge has had three initia
tions and six applications for beneficiary
certificates.
Silver Star Lodge of Tomescal initiated
three candidates at its last held meeting,
and is making arrangements for a social.
The grand officers will visit Dawn of
Hope Lodge on ■ the 14th inst.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On account of the war between Spain
and the United States the entertainment
that was to have been given by Oro Fino
Parlor on the 25th inst. has been indefi
nitely postpone*
La Estrella Parlor, being decidedly pa
triotic and cherishing the American flag,
which it displays at each meeting, has
concluded that it would not be right to
engage in festivities while the soldiers of
the United States are at war with Spain
consequently the announced entertain
ment has been declared off.
Manzanita Parlor at Grass Valley re
ports good progress. At a recent meeting
seventeen candidates were initiated and
the membership thereby increased to one
hundred.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Next Wednesday National Parlor will
give a grand entertainment and dance
in Native Sons' Hall, when the following
named will contribute to the enjoyment
of the evening: The Press Club Quar
tet. Pearl Ladd, Miss Cordie Wetjen, Miss
Pearl Noble, Miss Alice Mitchell Louis
Huffschmidt, Mac and Mabel Brook, Miss
Ella Welsh, Dorothy Daunt and others.
The Tourists, an annex of National Par
lor, will hold its annual picnic in Sunset
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
knowledge is widely different from such
a state. Both as to principle and as to
practice our knowledge is deplorably
imperfect. The whole face of medicine
changes unexpectedly from one gener
ation to another in consequence of
widening experience, and as we look
back with a mixture of amusement a*»d
horror at the practice of our grand
fathers, so we can not be sure how
large a portion of our present practice
will awaken similar feelings in our pos
terity.
Ex-Senator Kittredge made an elo
quent appeal to the committee not to
favorably consider the bill, while Dr.
Horace P. McKenzie of Sn-merville, a
member of the Massachusetts Medical
Society, also entered a vigorous protest
against it.
The day after the hearing the com-
WILL DRILL FOR PEACE INSTEAD OF WAR.
Capital Maneuvers Presented by th© Ladies' Drill Corps of the California Commandery at the Big Masonic Festival This Week,
0? the many Interesting features to
be presented at the Masonic Fes
tival that opens at Mechanics'
Pavilion to-morrow night, none
will be more attractive than the
evolutions of the Ladies' Drill Corps of
the California Commandory.
For the past two weeks the sixteen
young ladies of this company have been
drilling every night in California Hall
at Masonic Temple a_nd all are very en
thusiastic over the coming festival.
Each has determined to do her best to
make it a success.
For the first ten days of the drill the
members of the corps went through the
intricacies of the march attired in street
costume, but a few days ago their uni
forms came to hand and lent an addi
Park on Sunday, June 5, under the direc
tion of P. de Py. H. F. Linkenday. D.
Nunan, A. Vaughn and P. Golcher.
A new parlor will soon be instituted at
Greenwood and another at Newcastle, the
former by A. Naimitz and the iatter by
F. A. Dwyor. '
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
At the next meeting of San Francisco
Chapter there will be eight candidates for
initiation. The special committee on en
tertainment is making arrangements for
the presentation of a programme after
the business of the evening shall have
been disposed of. Four of the members
of this chapter have enrolled in the First
California Volunteers. These are John
F. Eggert of Company L of the Najional
Guard, First Regiment Infantry; E. B.
Peppin, who was accepted as rirst lieu
tenant; John R. Wear, who goes as a ser-
The Supreme Deputy of the American
Guild.
geant, and A. T. Hammershaw, who goes
as a private. The chapter will, while they
are in the service of the country t keep
them In good standing.
Watsonville Chapter gave a grand en
tertainment at that place last Saturday,
and there was a good attendance. The
meeting was addressed by R. W. McGar
vie, supreme deputy, and M. L. Asher.
governor of San Francisco Chapter, and
others.
R. W. McGarvie, the supreme deputy
for California, has been actively at work
of late increasing the order. He recently
j mittee reported adversely to the bill,
declaring it inexpedient and unneces-
I sary.
The Boston papers commented favor
ably upon the action taken by the com
mittee.
The Boston Evening Transcript, re
ferring to it, said: "It would be a fa
tal necessity by which should devolve
upon a Legislature the duty of licens
ing people's minds! The nonacademic
type of mind existed in a large sense
in Abraham Lincoln. It has always
been the non-academic type of mind
which has led in enlargements of free
dom since the first steps in empirical
healing to<.-k place beside the pool of
Bethesda, or when the leper pressed
too close to an unlicensed healer for
obedience to the restrictive medical
laws of Jerusalem, nearly nineteen
tional interest to the work.
Theso new costumes axe as pretty and
natty hs can be, and each fits its own
er to perfection. It 1b not necessary to
cay that they are becoming.
Tho costumes are of dark blue broad
cloth trimmed with white braid and
brass buttons. The skirts are short.
While leggings with braes buttons
down the sides are worn over black
shoes. The caj?s are of white cloth
trimmed with bands of gold braid. The
waist is tight fitting and connected
with the skirt by a white belt.
For "arms" each member of the com
pany carries an American flag. Alto
gether, no prettier, more becoming or
appropriate costume could have been
selected.
LADIES' DRILL CORPS, CflLlfOßNlfl COMMANDERY.
From a Photograph.
instituted a c-hapter at Mill Valley, and
is laying tin- foundation for another
which it is expected will soon be organ
ize*. For many years he has been an or
ganizer of fraternal societies. For four
and •■> half years he was deputy grand
chief of the Railroad Telegraphers, and
while in thai position organized lodges in
almost every section of the State. For a
number of years ho was a resident of San
Diego, where he is well known. When he
assumed the responsible position of su
preme deputy for California for the Am
erican Guild he took up his residence in
this c}ty. He expects in :i short time to
make a tour of the State in the interest
of the order.
VISITING BOARD, N. S. G. W.
Th£ visiting officers of the Native Sons
of the Golden West have been assigned
to parlors as follows:
Grand First Vice-President Mattison: San
Francisco— ravine No. 10. Presidio No. 194,
Marshal No. 201; Tojo— Winters No. it"!. Es
parto No. 179, Woodland No. :!0; Yuba--Marys
viile No. ti. Rainbow No. 40, Yuba No. 56;
Butte— Chirr. No. L'l, Argonaut No. S rfutter—
■ No. 1 ; San Joaquin— Stockton No. 7,
Tracy No. 186: Placer— Sierra No. 85.
Second Vice-President Rust: San Francisco—
Xl Dorado No. 52, Niantic No. 163, Se<iuoia No.
IKO, Olympus No 18Ji Alamedu— Alameda No.
47. Oakland No. 80, Las Poeitas No. 98, Eden
No. US, Piedmont No. HO. Wisteria No. 127.
Halcyon No. 146 Brooklyn No. 151, Washing
ton No. 168, Athens No, 196.
Grand Treasurer Martin: San Francisco-
Mission No. 88, Yoi-ha Buena No. 84, Niantic
X". 105, National No. ÜB, Sequoia No. 161, Pre
cita No. IST. Presidio No. 194: Shasta— Mount
Shasta No. 36; Trinity— Mount Bally No. 87:
Siekiyou— leka No. 161. Siskiyou No. ISS, Etna
No. 192. Liberty No. 193; Napa— Napa No. 62,
McLane No. SB; Lake— Lower Lake No. ir,!>.
Grand Orator F. L. Coombs: San Francisco
— Golden Gate No. 29, Columbia No. 121; Santa
Clara— San Jose No. -2, Gilroy No. 81, Palo
Alto No. S2, May field No. 166, Observatory No.
177; Santa Cru»— Watsonvtlle No. 65, Santa
Cruz No. 90, Seaside No. 95: San Mateo — San
Mateo No. 23. Redwood No. 66, Menlo No. IV..
Grand Trustee Byington: San Francisco-
California No. l. Pacific No. 10, El Dorado No.
52. Stanford No. 76. Columbia No. 121, Alcalde
No. 154, Marshal No. 202; San Benito— Fremont
No. 44; San Luis Obispo— Los Osos No. 61, Nl
pomo No. 123. San Marcos No. 150, Cambria
No. 15L'; Monterey— Santa Lucia No. 7. San
Lucas No. 115, Ga'bilan No. 132.
Grand Trustee McNoble: San Francisco —
Mission No. 3S, Alcalde No. 154. Precitia No.
IS7; Sacramento — Sacramento No. 3, Sunset
No. 26, Granite No. 83, Courtland No. 106:
El Dorado— Placerville No. 9, Georgetown No.
91; Placer— Auburn No. 59, Silver Star Nc. 63.
Mountain No. 126, Prospect No. 201; Nevada
— Dormer No. 162.
Grand Trustee Morgan: San Francisco— San
Francisco Xo. 49, Stanford No. 76; Marin—
Mount Tamalpata No. 64, Sea Point No. ir,s.
Nieasio No. IS3: Sonoma— Santa Rosa No. 2s.
Glen Klleii No. I>)2, Sonoma No. 111, Aliitamont
No. 167; Mendocino— Broderick No. 117. Alder
Glen No. 200; Humboldt— Humboldt No. 14, Ar
cata No. 20, Golden Star No. SS, Ferndale No.
93, Commodore Sloat No. 19"; Del Norte—Yon
tockett No. 136.
Grand Trustee Cutler: San Francisco—Rin
con No. 72, California No. 1: Amador— Amador
No. 17, Excelsior No. 31. lone No. S3, Ply
mouth No. 4S, Keystone No. 173; Calaveras—
Calaveras No. f>7; Tu-Mumne— Tuolomne No. 144:
Alariposa— llornitos No. 138, Mariposa No. 171;
Merced— Tosemlte No. 24; Tulare— Visalia No.
V.i; Kings— Ledioore No. 175; Fresno--Fresno
No. 25: Kern— Baker No. 42.
Grand Trustee North: Pan Francisco— Yerba
Buena No. S4, Hesperian No. 137. South San
Francisco No. 157; Plumas— Quinoy No. 131;
hundred years ago."
In another issue the same paper said:
"The principal effect of the introduc
tion of this bill has been to arouse and
unite dissenters, from the established
church of medicine, and these dissent
ers, a mighty multitude, include many
persons of recognized intelligence and
ripe judgment."
The Boston Daily Globe put the case
in this fashion: "A notable victory
has been won by the friends of pro
gress and personal freedom. After
such strong demonstrations in favor
of individual rights as those made at
the recent hearings on the restriction
issue, certain belated brethren ought
to realize that the time for expecting
the State to aid and abet certain
schools of medicine, rejecting all oth
ers, has gone by forever."
To say that the members of the La
dies' Drill Corps are proficient in their
marching maneuvers is to put it mild
ly. They are perfect, and the precision
with which they go through the various
movements is enough to cause envy in
the hearts of some of our militiamen.
There is no movement too difficult for
the members of the drill corps. As
they have been practicing it is cus
tomary for the entire company to en
ter the drill room, at the command of
the drill master, in marching order.
Passing down the center of the room
they break into squads of four, form
battalions, march in open order and go
through ail the movements possible.
The drill is interesting from the mo
ment it starts until it is finished, and
Sierra— Downieville No. 92, Golden Nugget No.
94. Golden Anchor No. IS2: Nevada— Hydraulic
No. EC, Quarts No. 58; Laaaen— Lnssen No. W,
Honey Lake No. v>S: yuba— Friendship No. 78.
(■rand Trustee Hawkins: San Francisco—
Golden Gate No. 29 Rincon No. 72. Hay City
No. 104, Hesperian No. 1-7. Alcalde No
South San Francisco No. IST, Olympus No. 189;
Contra Costa General Winn No. 22, Mount
Diablo N». 101, Central No. 140. Byron No. 170;
Solano — Solano No. 39, Dixon No. 60, Vallejo
No. 77, Benieia No. S9, Silver Tip No. 103, Rio
Vista No. in I.'.1 .'.
Grand Trustee A. Rnniish: San Francisco —
Bay City Xo. 104. Alcatraz No. 145; Santa Bar
bara—Santa Barbara No. 116: Ventura— Cabrillo
No. 114, Saata Paula No. 191; L<* Angeles—
Los Angeles X". ■),">. Ramona No. 109, Corona
Xo. lf<6; Orange— lnvincible No. 74; San Ber
nardino — Arrowhead No. 110, Redlands No. ICS;
San Diego — San Diego No. 108.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The election of John J. Cordy for the
second time as grand secretary has given
general satisfaction to the great major
ity of the members of the order in this
city. Mr. Cordy has heen a hard worker
in his position, and in his business with
the members of the order all who have
called upon him in his office have always
found him affable and obliging. His
friends say for him that his course in the
past year is a guarantee that his course
in the future will be as commendable.
Court Washington last Thursday ini
tiated fifteen candidates and celebrated
tho event by a collation at a cafe.
There have been a great many demands
for tickets for the. concert and ball to be
held next Tuesday by Junior Court Pride
of California.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The visit of Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Emma Harrington of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America to Uni
versity Circle at Berkeley was a pleasant
one, and the members demonstrated their
ability to perform the work by initiating
a candidate.
Last Wednesday the grand chief paid
an official visit to Evening Star Circle in
San Rafael. This council will endeavor
to pick up, as some of the members an
nounced that they would do all in their
power to have at least seven members at
the next meeting.
Last Tuesday the executive council held
its last meeting as such, and suggested
a number of amendments to be submitted
to the Grand Circle.
An agreeable feature of the visit of the
grand chief companion and other officers
to Golden Era Circle "last Thursday night
was the willingness of the officers to be
instructed in the initiatory work. The
circle has ambitious officers, who want
to appear as well as do those of other
circles. During the evening there were a
number of addresses by the officers and
visitors.
Loyal Circle will be visited to-morrow
night by the grand officers. The president
of the convention of 189 S. Mrs. Lizzie At
wood. one. of the most indefatigable work
ers for the order and the only past grand
chief companion who has taken an active
interest in the order after retiring from
the highest office, together with the other
officers of the convention, have completed
TRICKS OF THE MAN
WITH THE MEXICAN CIGARS
HIS beat is from the ferry half
a dozen blocks up Market
street, and the vision of a hawk
in search of spring chickens is
dim compared with his eye for
the unsuspecting tourist. He
is tall and portly, swarthy and middle
aged with pro. inent nose and deep-set
eyes, a typical specimen of the well-to
do Spanish-American.
is as prety a sight as one could wish
to see.
Following are the names of the la
dies of the drill corps:
Miss Bessie Warren, Mrs. J. F. Clark,
Miss Martha Korbel, Miss Caroline
Smith. Miss Thalma Kiefaber, Miss
Lulu Botcher, Mrs. J. Stanley Ewing,
Miss Lillian Johnson, Miss PJdith Rog
ers, Miss Ada McDonnell, Miss Fidelia
Furber, Miss Kathrene Smith. Miss
Josephine Hromada, Miss Edith Mc-
Crosson, Miss Alice Johnson and Miss
Olga Korbel.
The officers are: Captain, Mrs. J.
Stanley Ewing; first lieutenant, Miss
Bessie Warren; Second lieutenant, Miss j
Olga Korbel; secretary, Mrs. J. F.
Clark.
all arrangements for the picnic to be
given on the 15th inst. at Pittsville Park.
The> Loreiey Social Club, an annex of
Loreley Circle, will give a "grand social
this evening in the Alcazar Social Hall.
COURT TRBADWELL, A. O. F.
Last Thursday Court Tread well. Ancient
Order of Foresters, was instituted at Tes
la. with thirty members, by Deputy High
Chief Ranger Max Boehm, assisted by
Permanent Secretary John Falconer, and
other members of the order. This new
court it. Alameda County was named for
James Tread well, the well-known mining
man, who lias done much to develop the
new town of Tesla. The charter mem
bers of the court are: John Williams,
A. D. Stoop, A. D. Horswill,, F. H. Healy,
Frank Horswill, Ralph Le Seur, Fred
Gibbs, L. J. Morrow, Albert Nelson, J.
I. Hensfeurg, Alexander Sampson, Jules
Lugert, William Dunbar, Phillip Blyer,
Mo.-.roe Davis, R. W. Higginbotham, F.
D. Keyiing, J. Lewis, L. Mollenhause, A.
\V. Moore, Albert Dieu, M. F. Bode, Peter
Sellen, J. C. Campbell and Paul Hubner,
nearly all men of family arid residents of
the town named.
After the ceremony of installation the
members ol the now court invited the
installing Foresters and a few invited
guests to a hotel, where there was spread
out a toothsome banquet. The high sub
chiel ranger acted as toast master, and
after the black coffee had been brought
on, Dr. F. Schwarzscbild, traffic manager
of the Alameda and San Joaquin Rail
road, was called on for an address. The
doctor expressed himself well pleased to
note the progress of the town, and to be
able to see that within its limits a bene
ficiary organization with a membership
of thirty to start with, could be organ
ized with little trouble. He also paid
a high tribute to Mr. Treadwell, for
whom the court was named. There wort;
responses to toasts by others, and before
leaving the beautifully decorated hall F.
J. Horswill. Dr. Sehwarzsehikl. James
Treadwell and Walter J. Bartnet were
proposed for honorary membership in the
ccurt.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
California Council at its meeting last
Tuesday received an application, and
after the transaction 'of ordinary routine
business there was, under the head of
good of the order, singing by the quartet,
tenor solo by E. Lotz, patriotic addresses
by Secretary Kins. W. A. S. Nicholson
and others. At the close of Secretary
King's address, Treasurer Tickner, a vet
< ran oi the civil war. took up an Amer
ican (lag, waved it and called lor three
cheers for Commodore Dewey, and they
were given with a will.
All the councils of the order are follow
ing the example set by Golden Gate Coun
cil and will pay the dues and assessments
of the members who volunteer for the
war.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Crystal and Sunset Councils have de
cided to keep up the assessments and
dues of any of its members who may be
engaged in the army of the United States
during the war with Spain.
Last Tuesday evening Grand Councilor
I "Beg pardon, senor," he said, with a
| courtly bow, as he bit the end off a
huge cigar after he had Kept step with
me for a dozen paces, "but may I
trouble you for a light?"
I saw the burning lamp of a cigar
stand not ten feet from us, and recog
nized his game at once. I've had a
vast experience with confidence men. I
held my half-burned cigar toward this
stranger, he accepted it with- anoth.-r
bow, lit his own cigar, then fumbled it
awkwardly and dropped my cigar.
"Diablo! How stupid of me. A
thousand pardons, senor. Accept one
of mine, do," he urged.
I took it, a cigar of good flavor and
ample proportions, pungent and strong
as the Mexican product commonly is,
j lighted it from his and smoked a puff or
| two with ostentatious satisfaction. The
| manner in which I met his advances
! assured him I was easy game. Hl3
eyes fairly sparkled.
"Ah, senor, you are fond of a good
Mexican cigar?"
"I prefer them to any other," said I
anxious to lead him on.
"Then allow me to do you a favor, my
j friend; I will show you where to' get
them at half price. A friend of mine is
steward on a steamer just in from the
Mexican ports and he always brings a
few boxes like the one you are smok
ing; gets them in without paying duty
you understand— l know you will not
mention it— that is why he can seli
them so cheap. You would like a box
or two?
"Yes," said I, "I wouldn't mind if
they don't come too high."
"Oh, a mere trifle, my friend, a mere
trifle," said he, "$3 50 for a box of 100
and they are worth $7 in the market
wholesale. Come this way."
"Ah, my friend is out," said he when
he received no reply to his knock, "but
it does not matter: I have a key and
can serve you as well." He opened the
door and led me into a stuffy but well
furnished apartment, his own bed
room without a doubt. A box of cigars,
fine ones as I could see at a glance, and
from which two or three had been
taken, stood open on the table.
"Examine them, senor," said he,
pushing the box toward me; "you are
a judge of such goods, I know. See the
color, the quality, the workmanship,
and inhale the exquisite fragrance
senor."
"Yes." said I, "they are fine. I'll take
a box."
"Only one, senor? Take two or three;
you will regret it if you do not."
"No, only one, my friend, and by th«
way, we must be quick about it," said
I, glancing hastily at my watch. "I
ought to be up town by this time; I
have to meet a friend. '
"Ah! I am sorry, my dear friend: I
should be charmed to make your better
acquaintance," and opening a cup
board showing a row of boxes similar
to the one on the table he began to
wrap one in paper for me.
"Hold on," said I, "lend me your
opener a moment; I want half a dozen
to smoke to-day."
"Oh, now you offend me, senor; do
I not think of opening the box for that;
! help yourself from the table; a dozen;
a pocketful!"
"< >h. no. I couldn't think of it," said I,
stubbornly, "you are too kind," and
with my pocket knife I popped the lid
off the box. Phew! burnt cabbage
leaves! They were the poorest, cheap
est, vilest smelling things ever made in
Chinatown, worth not over $1 50 a box
and dear at that. But he grasped the
situation in a twinkling and proved
himself equal to it.
"Bah! horrible!" he gasped, smelling
one of the reeking rolls. "I am so glad
we discovered the mistake. These are
some cheap things my friend keeps to
give away to the porters and hackmen.
I should never have forgiven myself if
you had taken them. Here is the kind,"
whisking the box away and taking
down another, which he placed beside
the one on the table, that I might see
that the brand was the same.
"All right," said I, nervously con
sulting my watch. "Great Scott! I
haven't a moment to spare, but I must
have the cigars; here you are; I'll take
the opened box and save time." and
throwing the $3 50 on the table I
snatched up the box and bolted for tha
door.
"Stay, senor, stop!" he cried, thrust
ing the other box toward me, "I can
not rob you so; that box is half smoked;
take this box."
"Oh, bother the difference; I can't
wait," I shouted back, and scuttled
down the stairs followed by a volley of
rumbling Spanish oaths.
I never enjoyed a box of cigars more
and could not light one of them without
laughing again at the knave's discom
fiture. I have seen the fellow, at a dis
tance, many times since, and he must
do a thriving business.
Boehm and Grand Recorder Wallis paid
a visit to Garden City Council in San
Jose, and they were welcomed by forty
two members of the council and a num
ber of visitors from Santa Clara. The de
gree team of this council worked in the
initiatory and performed Its work in a
very satisfactory manner. One candi
date was initiated and an application was
presented.
Last Wednesday the Progressive Coun
cil paid a visit to Samaritan Council,
when a number of addresses were made,
the principal one being by C. M. Arnold,
P. S. C.
Germania Council at Its last held meet
ing worked in the initiatory degree.
Social Council will give an open meet
ing on Thursday next and will present an
interesting programme in its hall in Red
Men's building on Post street.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Last Wednesday afternoon Z. T. Whit
ten, recently elected grand treasurer of
the order, gave a fine luncheon to a
number of the prominent officers and
members of the order, and a very pleas
ant afternoon was spent. Among the
grand officers were Mrs. L. J. W heelock,
erand protector; H. W; Quitzow. grand
secretary; Mrs. Kruger. grand chaplain,
and Mrs. Danzwoiler and Mrs. Thomp
son, past grand chaplains.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent, at its last held
review, conferred the four degrees on
three candidates, the work being per
formed in an admirable manner by the
well-drilled team of the tent, attired in
its magnificent regalia of silk and satin
recently procured at a gTeat expense.
The contest between the Reds and Blues
for the side that will bring in the greatest
number of members will close on the 13th
inst at which time it will be decided
which of the two teams will have to pay
for a supper. So far the Reds are ahead,
but the other side still has hopes of
making them blue before the contest
The announcement that the Supreme
Tent had decided to pay the policies of
all members who may volunteer and "die
while serving their country was received
with wild applause.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
A very successful affair was the enter
tainment and dance given on the 2Sth of
last month by Portala Council in Unlon
syuare Hall. The programme included
an address by Grand President Samuel
Haskins, vocal solos by M. W. O'Connell,
Miss Lottie Crawford and Mrs. E. W.
Burns; duet by the Misses Upman; reci
tation, Thomas "W. Hickey; specialties,
William Massett; selections, C. C. Whelan
and James J. Dolan. The dance pro
gramme contained many numbers. The
affair was under the direction of J. H.
Radlurrl. A. J. Klung, R. A. Harney and
A. E. Buckley, the committee on enter
tainment, and Dr. Edmund R. Bergers,
floor manager. J. E. Connell and F. A.
Dumont. asistant floor managers, and J.
Ward, E. T. Kenny and M. \Y. O'Connell,
floor committee.SECOND-CLASS AMUSEMENTS
AND SECOND-CLASS AUDIENCES
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
In the good old days — not so very old,
either — when we were the friends and
patrons of the Frohmans, Hayman and
the other theatrical speculators who
now make a specialty of snubbing San
Francisco, the summer closing in New
York practically meant the opening of
the season here. To be punctual, it
was just about this time of year that
we made the acquaintance of the last
play of Pinero's, of Jones', of Wilde's,
of Grundy*s, of Augustin Daly Shakes
peare's, and talked and wrote about the
condition of the drama and its actors
with easy authority.
Summer means nothing now. There
is no season for it to end, none for it
to commence. It passes unnoticed In
the continuous performance of the piece
that does not matter by the actor who
does not act. Mr. Frawley closed his
season last year with Bret Harte's
"Sue," a play that was almost great.
Robert Mantell came last week with
"A Secret Warrant," a conventional
satin-covered romance, cleanly written,
entertaining, but in no sense import
ant, unless for the fact that its hero
ine introduced, RoselleKnott, an obscure
and unspoiled young actress, who may
do big things in the years to come.
Between the going of "Sue" and the
coming of "A Secret Warrant" we have
had an underplayed version of "Under
the Red Robe." The rest has been farce
and variety, until farce has become
anything but a laughing matter, and
variety wo\ild better be called by some
other name.
• • •
With the exception of the dramatic
critics, everybody in San Francisco who
takes a serious interest in the theater
and holds the drama in any analogy
with literature, seems to have given up
playgoing altogether. Cultivated per
sons have taken to reading books, to
slippers and the fireside, to one an
other — to anything but the theater.
There Is no atmosphere, no intellectual
excitement, no artistical anxiety in the
audience that attends an opening now
adays. The first night is a faded tra
dition. The Mondays come and with
them more or less change in the play
bills, but there are no first nighters
now except the managers and the crit
ics.
• • •
Of course the San Francisco theaters
would not keep open if there was not
some interest in farce and vaudeville,
but this interest does not bespeak the
representative class of San Francisco's
playgoers, and it cannot be of normal
profit to the managers while so many
theaters are given up to vaudeville and
farce.
For months and months every the
ater in the city has been playing for
the favor of one audience with one
quality of show. Xaturally, the cheaper
theaters have done the bigger business.
While the Baldwin and the Columbia
have been coquetting with the patrons
of the Orpheum and the Tivoli, their
own clienteles have been learning to stay
at home. At present interest in the
drama does not exist here, for the very
good reason that there is nothing for
it to exist on. You cannot measure it
by the amount of favor extended the
musical farcical pieces that have been
given in the Baldwin and the Colum-
bia during the past season— unless, 'n
deed, you count the empty seats to the
credit of the town.
My faith in the town is large and as
buoyant as ever; it found justification
in the record-breaking crowds that at
tended the Bostonians and Melba. I
hoped that the success of the Melba
season might readvertise our suscep
tibility to first-class attractions at firsc
class prices. In commenting on what
I wrote on this subject, Mr. Fiske, the
editor of the Dramatic Mirror, pub
lishes the statistics of the Melba sea
son and writes:
This shows that San Franciscans hun
ger for good musical and dramatic fare,
of which they have had too little in the
past. It furnishes another rebuke to the
men who recently abandoned a monopoly
AMUSEMENTS.
©©©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®0
1 BALDWIN
| THEATER.
® TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
® FERRIS HARTMAN IN "THE PURSER."
fa
I Beg. TO-MORROW (Mon.),
i I SEASON'S I Pll AR
© NOVELTY, I | ILFlll
© *
: pEFI MQRjN
@ |panto.mimist| IflUlllil
® And her original UMC CFVFRINE
© company, including iiilllE- LO..IMJ
fa Direct from Daly's Theater and the Wal-
X dorf Astoria, New York.
® Presenting for the First Week
i I « IN 01.11 i *$«
,T Tninip 111 UJJJJ THOMPSON
® IHAbIL TITI I IT MUSIC BY
| PANTOMIME JAPAN ™™
I inconjunctlon - - - FRITZ SCDEEL
fa And His Orchestra of 50. in Sym-
"r phony and Popular Concerts. 
®
fa SECOND WEEK
I The Dresden Shepherdess.
® EXTRA— Afternoon (Except Satur-
® day), at 3.
I THE PASSION PLAY,
(•) Exactly as Shown at Oberammergan. Seats
fa . 25 Cents.
®®®©©®®©©® ® © © ® © ® ® © ®
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
' SUNDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 15th, 2:30,
Testimonial to
FRITZ SCHEEL
60— SAN rBAKCISCO" SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA— 6O
APOLLO CHORAL SOCIETY, :.
150 VOICES— H. B. Paimore, Director. ■
QUARTET OP SOLOISTS. -
MILLIE FLVNN, FRANK COFFIN.
FLOBJIXCE SCARBOROUGH,
_ &G. ABRAMOFF.
Boe^»r>van'e Ninth . Symphony. -
TBchaJ&o>t»fc»i 1 : "Romeo and Juliet."
Prices 75c, %'<., « to. •; Box of ace, Sherman,
City & Co., Thursday, : May 12. 1 ■
By ASHTON STEVENS.
of San Francisco's amusements with the
assertion that the public of that city was
"jay" and unable to support anything
worth while. All the San Francisco pub
lic wants is amusements of the first class.
Well, we have had a long experience
with amusements of the second class,
until the active play-^oing public has
come to be represented only by audi
ences of the second class. Persons of
the first class seem determined to stay
at home until the theater recovers its
quality.
This means that the amount of mon
ey expended for amusements in San
Francisco, at present, ia about one-half
of what it would be under proper the
atrical conditions.
It also means that unless an improve
ment is effected soon, some of the man
agers must go to the wall.
ASHTON STEVENS.
BaldWirv
At the Baldwin Theater on Monday j
night San Francisco theater-goers will
have their first opportunity of witness- |
ing a genuine pantomime production j
of the order popular in France. Pan- j
tomlme has become popular in this I
country only during the past few years <
and through the efforts of Pilar Morin,
who will be the star at the Baldwin on
Monday in the production of Vance
Thompson's tragic work "In Old
Japan." Mile. Morin first brought
"L'Enfant Prodigue" across the water
to Daly's Theater four years ago and
its success was such as to warrant a
return engagement at Abbey's Thea
ter. "The Dresden Shepherdess," an
nounced as the second production for
the Baldwin engagement, was also a
success in New York, where it ran for
100 performances.
Accompanying Mile. Morin are the
members of her original company —
Mile. Severine, Edwin Starr Helknap
and Edmond Morin. The latter is one
of the youngest pantomimists on the
stage, being but 12 years old. He will
be seen as the young emperor in "In
Old Japan." The piece is a pure trag
edy, written to enable Pilar Morin to
show her genius in the graver moods.
It consists of two acts and three
scenes.
The Empress of Japan, according to
| V AMUSEMENTS.
•)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®(
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
ROBERT MANTELL
A SECRET WARRANT.
mONDA\VMay Q,
SECOND WEEK OF ROMANCE.
The Eminent Romantic Actor
ROBERT B.
HANTELL.
Accompanied by a Select Company.
- Under the Management of
IVY. \AI. HMNLEY.
Presenting
Louis Nathal Adaptation of D'Ennery"B
MONBARS.
Th» Play Will Be Magnificently ' Mounted.
MAY 16TH,
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
■® ©© ® ©©®©®© © © © © © ©
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manage
LAST NIGHT
The Greatest of All Comic Operas,
WANG !
TO-MORROW : EVENING
Our Most Successful Comedy Opera. .
"SHIP flHOYI!';
; Up. to Date and Way Ahead.
POPULAR PR1CE5...'.....:'.... ..~... 25c and 50i
Box : OXfice ; Aiwa j-3 Open. No Telephone.
TETK SAIS ITKAJN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 31 AY 8, 1898.
the law of the nation, is obliged to kill
herself on the death of her husband.
Not being courageous enough to com
ply with this terrible requirement, she
cajoles a dancing girl into assuming
her attire.
The dancing girl is only too flattered
to wear rich garments; but almost im
mediately she is shut in a room, un
der the belief that she is the Em
press, where it is expected that she will
kill herself. The girl is totally mysti
fied and refuses to suicide. She is
brought before the tribunal of justice
and put to the torture — but at this
juncture the real Empress, stricken
with remorse, bursts in upon the court
and revealing her identity kills herself
by hara-kiri, the ritual form of death,
which is a ripping open of the body
with a knife.
The role of the Empress is played by
Mile. Severine, a upil of Pilar Morin.
Special scenery, costumes and decora
tions are being prepared for the en
gagement. The music of "In Old Ja
pan" has been founded upon the Jap
anese national hymn by the celebrated
pianist, Aime Lachaume, who will con
duct the orchestra on Monday night.
The presentation of the pantomime
occupies about an hour and a quarter.
The rest of the evening will be devoted
to an orchestral concert directed by
Fritz Scheel. Saint-Saens' Henry XIII
ballet music and vvi^niawski's polon
aise in A major, played by the young
violinist Pietro Marino, are the notable
pieces for Monday night. Mrs. Flor
ence Scarborough will sing on Friday
night.
California.
On Monday evening-, at the California
Theater, "The Ensign" will be given by
practically the same company which
AMUSEMENTS.
S>®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
CALIFORNIA
THEATER. ®
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. ®
Hoyt's f\ TE>CMS STEER. fa
TO-MORROW NIGHT, ®
Monday, May 9, ®
GRAND REVIVAL William Haworth's Na- Ji
val Drama, W
I ENSIGN I
®
New 6cenery, displaying Havana Harbor fa
and Morro Castle, the White House, the
man-of-war. ®
A STRONG CAST. fa
SPECIAL ATTRACTION-Between Act».
The Drummer Boy of Shiloh. ®
(A. R. CARRINGTON). ®
Presenting his prr-at Patriotic Scenic Al- r^
legory, FLAG PICTURES, showing the ad- W
vancernent of our Hag. fa
POPULAR PRICES— ISc, 25c and 50c ®
®
i ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
. UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, May 7 and 8,
GREAT SEVENTY-TWO
(72) DOG STAKE!
Total Prizes $825 Total Prizes
Train leaves Third and Townsend sts.: Sat-
| urdays — 11:30 a. m., 12:55 p. m. Sundays — 11
I a. m.. 11:30 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. Valencia St., 5
. mlnutea later. Returning, leave the park im-
I mediately after last course. On Sunday at 4:45
c i p. m. also. Ban Mateo electric cars every 10
; niinutes.
appeared at this theater in the recent
successful Trilby production. The role
of Ensign Baird wi.ll be played by Fred
erick Paulding, and the part of the
child who is such an important figure
in the development of the story, by
Little Mildred. The other members of
the cast are H. S. Duffield, William
Brewer, Bert Morrison, H. S. North
rup, George D. McQuarrie, Frank Clay
ton, Charjes Shad, Franklin Kent, Mar
ion Barney, Phosa McAllister, Effie
Bond, Anita Bridger and Pauline Bow
ers. The play of "The Ensign" is not
new to San Francisco, but the manage
ment of the California believe Jit to be
up to the minute of these war times.
New scenery painted for this produc
tion includes a view of Morro Castle,
Havana. Arrangements have been
made to introduce the current system
of naval signals in accordance with
naval rules, and A. R. Carrington, bet
ter known as "The Drummer Boy of
Shiloh," will present his patriotic, scen
ic allegory with a series of "flag pic
tures," between the acts of the play.
Golumbia.
Robert Mantell will begin the sec
ond week of his engagement at the Col
j umbia Theater to-morrow evening with
I "Monbars," a drama of the romantic
| realistic order, which has been given
i here before and with considerable sue-
I cess. The action is laid in France in
the year 1810, a period which affords
some opportunity in tho way of cos
tuming. Monbars, played by Mr.
Mantell. is a man of the people and
a hero, who saves the heroine from the
attack of a mad dog, is bitten on the.
arm, cauterizes the wound with a red
hut iron (in the presence of the audi
ence), is married by the heroine for
reasons of gratitude and finance, is
nearly poisoned by a false friend and
rises from a bed of pain to fight a duel
with brilliant success. This role is
one of Mantell's favorites and is cer
tainly not lacking in heroic opportun
ity.
Morosco's.
Morosco's will have another new star
attraction next week in Frank Linden,
a well-known Eastern actor, in his own
dramatization, "The Prisoner of Al
giers." The play is in the nature of a
sequel to "Monte Cristo," introducing
in the prologue the count in his Paris -
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
..' THIS, SUNDAY, NIGHT. LAST ' TIME. *
The Gay Parisians
TO-MORROW, MONDAY,
The Comedy That Captured All America,
NIOBE.
ALL LAUGHTER. NO TEARS.
. PURE UNALLOYED FUN. •'"'.;
TERSE DIALOGUE.
SUBTLE SITUATIONS. : •
. HANDSOME COSTUMES.
L. R. STOCK^\TELI A WRIGHT HUNTINGTON
and Full Alcazar Company. in the Cast..
r^tes. 50c, 35c, 25c, Isc.
Seats by. Phone. Main 254.
MOROSGO'S. GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Performances of
LETTIE LE VYNE
"HEARTS OTNEW YORK."
: All Next. Week Special New Features.
. ■ The Celebrated Eastern. Star,'
---FRANK LIN DON---
, In Ills Superb Dramatized Version of
The PrisolirorAigjejs
A Gorgeous Sequel to "MONTE CRISTO." : *
;At Every Performance , a'- Grand Contest ,
BigJimJEFFRIEsfjackSTELZNER
-WAR BULLETINS. BETWEEN ACTS.
Evening Prices. .;:.......:. .10c. 25c and 50?:
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SUTROJBATHS.
TOMSHftRKEY
LEO GtRATTO
Will Swim a 220 Yard Exhibition Race
■ . ■- : AT ;3 P. M. •■-.• --:-■ : .
• • —SUNDAY, MAY.; 8, 1898 — \y
Admission, 10a \' . ' : .; Children, '.. £0,; [
. ian palace. Albert, however, becomes
the central figure as the play advances.
! His life mission is to avenge his father,
poisoned by Benedetto, an illegitimate
offspring of Villefort's liaison with
Mme. Danglars. After her husband's
downfall, Mme. Danglars has become
the keeper of a famous gambling es
tablishment in Paris.
A lapse of three years occurs, and the
scene opens outside the walls of Al
giers, at the French encampment, dur
ing a truce. Albert is a French cap
tain and Danglars his superior officer.
The sole object of the latter is to pro
voke a Quarrel with Albert and con
summate his ruin and death. He suc
ceeds in part, Albert being court-mar
tialed and cast into prison. But he is
rescued by Danglars" daughter, Eu
genia, and next appears at the gamb
ling palace of Mme. Danglars in Paris.
Benedetto, arch enemy to- Albert, and
assassin of the count, kills his own
mother and is arrested. Albert fights
an exciting duel with Danglars at
Fontainebleau and kills him. The
French Government turns Benedetto
over to Albert, who sends him to the
Isle of Monte Cristo, and there, in a
sword contest, Benedetto is killed and
Monte Cristo is avenged.
In spite of these tragic events, it is
pledged that the Irish corporal and
other characters furnish a liberal
amount of comedy relief.
George M. Hayes, another Eastern
actor, who has been associated with
Lindon, makes his first appearance as
Danglars. Maud Edna Hall, after a
short vacation, reappears, as does also
Queen Purssell. Fred Butler, Landers
Stevens and all the Morosco favorites
are in the cast.
During every performance of "The
Prisoner of Algiers" J. J. Jeffries, the
pugilist, will box several rounds with
Jack Stelzner.
Alcazar.
Following Immediately upon the two
weeks' success of "The Gay Parisians"
"Niobe" win be revived at the Alcazar.
In "Ermine" and other plays the Paul
ton brothers have done some very
clever work, and "Niobe," their first
effort, has not yet outlived its comic
usefulness. The Alcazar management
brings from the Los Angeles company
Wright Huntington and Florida Kings
ley to re-enforce L. R. Stockwell and
the remainder of the company.
The story, It wi.l be remembered, is
AMUSEMENTS.
ifflrm. San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1 887
GUSTAV y WALTER.' Di rector General.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, MAY 9th,
c— NEW VAUDEVILLE GREAT GUNS TO THE FRONT— a
San Francisco Debut of the Charming Comedienne, "..■/■■;
MISS ISABELLA MOOT
In the fnnnießt of farces, "IN DURANCE VILE," and supported by WILMER AND VINCENT. Th« most
successful legitimate stars now playing on the vaudeville stage.
CRUET, BEERS an d CRUET,
Europe's Burlesque Acrobats.
C 3-80. H". iniEnii3DllSrC3-,
The Emperor of Comic Jugglers.
SSfK^g CATHERINE BARTWfS^yX^
JOHN W. RANSOME, I LIZZIE B. RAYMOND,
Realistic Impersonation : of. Governor Budd. I In an Entire Change of ' Songs and Stories.
BOGART AND O'BRIEN, 1 HAVES AND BANDY,
. ■; : . ' Musical > Comedians.'.' ■ ' r ; ■■'-'■•■■■ I ' Dancing Marvels. , ' V -. :
. .i- ... The Theatrical Sensation of the City, : .
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART.
' ■ The Most Expensive and Artistic Production Ever Presented to the Public. "New Subjects. '\
THFI/liricri niIADTCTTC RACING! racing! RACING
M KNE ISEL UUAK Itl 1 1 ~cal«forn.a"-JBckey club^-
"ln three chamber concerts. — "SSSfeS^T"^
'.',—— : .mmww RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL ''■;■ ; : ? Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
-. — ' FIVE OR . MORE : RACES : EACH , DAY.
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 16. . RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
WEDNESDAY EVENING,' MAY IS. Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
"-':'■- ' -<SATTTRnAY -"AFTERNOON, May 21. 12:30,' 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3p. 1 m., connect-
SATURDAI , Jill • Ing -with train -stopping at the -entrance to
«<> on* ti vi track. Buy your terry tickets to Shell Wound.
Prices ........?- »na_*i o« Heturning— Trains leave the; tracK at 4:15 and
Season Tickets.:..... ....*» ana »* 4:45 \>. m.. and Immediately after the last race."
S" Sale of "season; tickets opens to-morrow, morn- \ , ;. THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*. ■ :
ing May 9, vat Sherman, Clay'& Co.'s. \ IrR. B. MILIWI', Secretary. : :
■■;...■.■..-..-■...-:..■-..■■ ■ . • .• ; ■• .
that of a 2000-year-old statue of Niobe,
found in the ruins of Thebes, valued at
$7000, and brought to life in New York
by the accidental aid of an electric light
current.
The sudden appearance of a well
developed woman scantily attired in the
presence of the family of a muchly
married man creates no end of sensa
tion. No one believes that the Parian
marble could be vitalized. Dunn, the
possessor, is frowned upon by his en
tire household and poor Niobe is the
innocent cause of a public scandal.
"Young Mrs. Winthrop' will proba
bly follow.
Orpheum.
The new features on the Orpheum's
bill for this week include Isabelle Urqu
hart, supported by Wilmer and Vin
cent, in a one-act comedy entitled "In
Durance Vile." Miss Urcubart is one
of the many people who recently have
deserted the legitimate stage for vaude
ville.
The straight vaudeville acts include
Gruet, Beers and Gruet, said to be ex
ceedingly clever acrobatic comedians,
in a new line of work, and George H.
Fielding, who is certainly the most
original if not the very best of comic
jugglers.
Mile. Catherine Bartho, the premier
danseuse, returns for one week and will
appear in international character
dances. New subjects in Kerner's Vis
ions of Art and Lizzie B. Raymond,
John W. Ransone, Hayes and Bandy
and Bogert and O'Brien complete a
strong bill.
TiVoli.
"Ship Ahoy," one of the Tivoli's sue-
cesses, will be revived on Monday even
ing with Edwin Stevens in the part
formerly played by Ferris Hartman.
The cast includes many of the origi
nators of the various roles. Phil Bran
sun will be seen as Commodore Colum
bus Cook, commander of the United
States steamship Cuckoo; John J. Raf
fael as the Lieutenant Lnllypop; Ar
thur Boyce as the ensign Toddles;
Thomas C. Leary as the able seaman,
Barnacle Duff; Fred Kavanagh as
"Christy, pull 'em down"; Carrie Roma
in her original creation of Mile. Au
burni Ernani, prima donna of the Ori
ole Opera Company; Helen Merrill as
the romantic Georgia Carolina, prima
donna contralto of the Oriole Opera
Company, and Edith Hall as the dash
in? soubrette, Lula Lola. The next
production at the Tivoli will be the
first presentation on any stage of the
new stire, "The Poster," or "A Dream
of Art"
Chutes.
At the Chutes the "Visions of Art"
are the sensation. For the coming
weeK a number of new living pictures
will be shown, and the cinematograph
will display many scenes of the de
stroyed Maine.
Olumpia.
The Olympia Music Hall has as its
chief attraction the biograph, with
AMUSEMENTS.
Havana and other Cuban and war
scenes. Among the new views to be
seen this week are Morro Castle and
the battle-ship Massachusetts as she
appears cleared for action. Maud
Rockwell and some ten others appear
in the variety olio.
Kneisel Quartet.
The famous Kneisels will give their
first chamber concert In San Francisco
on Monday evening. May 16, at the
Sherman & Clay Hall. The other two
concerts of the short season will take
place on the following Wednesday
evening and Saturday afternoon. The
programme for the opening concert in
cludes Haydn's quartet in D major,
Beethoven's in C major, and Dvorak's
in F major.
A New York paper traces significance
in the facts that Mrs. Richard Mans
field has retired temporarily from her
husband's company and that Mr. Mans
field is learning to sing lullabies. Mr.
Mansfield, however, attended to it that
nothing interfered with his opening
the Garrick Theater last Monday
night with a production of •"The
First Violin." Marie Stone and
Percival Pollard have worked together
in this dramatization of Jessie Fother
gill's novel and Mr. Mansfield is
pleased with the result. The character
of Eugene Courvoisier, which is
played naturally by Mr. Mansfield, has
large possibilites for an actor capable
of appreciating the musical atmos
phere which makes the charm of the
story and it is remembered that Mr.
Mansfield is an amateur musician of
much accomplishment and the son of a
famous professional. The New York
critics vote the play weak, but the
principal part one of Mansfield's most
positive successes.
Miss Viola Allen of the Empire stock
company, who resigned from Charles
Frohman's forces at the end of the
season, has signed a five years'
contract by which she will star under
the management of the Liebler com
pany. The remarkable success which
Mr. Charles Coghlan has scored under
its management has induced the Lieb
ler company to go into the theatrical
business more extensively, and Mls3
Allen is the first of several stars to ac
cept its terms. Miss Allen will sail for
Europe early next month for a long
rest, and her tour will open in Septem
ber, probably with a production of "Tha
Courtship of Miles Standish," a drama
tization of Longfellow's work by Stan-»
lßlaus Stange.
Miss Beth Franklyn, a San Francisco
girl who played "The Duchess" with the
Chimmie Fadden company here (and
elsewhere) has made a success in in~
genue parts this season, and will re
join the Baltimore Lyceum Company*
for the season to come.
AMUSEMENTS. ]
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG^PONY
- SHOW -
wRUff
THE LARGEST, HANDSOMEST AND MOST?
HIGHLY EDUCATED COLLECTION OF
TRAINED DOMESTIC ANIMALS IN
THE WORLD.
Central Park
Tn nAY AFTERNOON 2:30
llrUAl — 8:15
PRICES:
Adults 25c. Children 15c.
ALL CHILDREN ATTENDING MATINEB
ARE GIVEN A FREE PONY RIDE.
MASONIC FESTIVAL
. —IN AID OF THE—
WIDOWS' »« ORPHANS' HOME
Mechanics' Pavilion,
MAY 9th to MAY 14th.
\ ' General Admission 25c.
Season Tickets $1. Children !Oc«
Tickets on sale (except children's) at leading
business houses. Opening night. Grand Chorus
of 1000 children's voices in "Hail California."
••America" and "Star-spangled Banner."
CAL STATE FLORAL SOCIETY.
EXHIBITION and
GRAND ROSE SHOW.
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutler St.
NEXT THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY.
DAY AND EVENING.. TICKETS, 25 CENTS.
A SPANISH BULL FIGHT
MAYBE SEEN
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING t
AT
THE CHUTES,
In Conjunction With a GREAT VAUDEVILLE
SHOW .
Latest WAR NEWS Read from the STAGE.
10c to All. Including Zoo, etc.; Children sc.
BASE BALL I
ONLY ONE LEAGUE. ONE GAME. j, ' •
At Recreation Park.
:<ji : -Eighth and Harrison Streets. "^i.T:
PACIFIC STATES - BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP. GAME,
.TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.,
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SAN JOSE.
ADMISSION 25c. CHILDREN 10c
EL CAMPO,
; THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every j Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. 7 Bowling. Boating. Fishing
and other amusements. „
- Refreshments at . city prices. Faro, round
trip. 25c; Children. 15c; . including aimlsaloa
to grounds. STE AMER XJKIAH- r
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:10,
I and i p. m. Returning, ; leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1..3 and 5 p. : m. - -.--;•■ /.■','■-
• CXI VMDIA I Ctu-ner of . Meson «nd
UL.liVlh'lA I Eddy Stf#-U
:•' WAR ! i WAR! NEW WAR i SCENES !— Mom
Castle; I the | Maine ; ( divers : at ■ work ; | feeding ■ re-
concentrados ; S Spanish i troops and ; ships,--, with ;
a host .of 1 thrilling > Havana war . scenes ;by th« -"
Blograph. and a great olio of speciaUles. Ai> .
MISSION FREE. < Matinee to-day. : .
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stiver firmer.
Another Jump In Wheat.
Barlo- firmer.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Flour as before.
Hay weak and dull.
Beans unsettled.
Onions lower again.
Vegetables stead-
Butter doing better.
Eggs unchanged.
Poultry very dull.
Cherries and Berries weak.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Prunes very firm.
Fair demand for Provisions.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Beef and Mutton weaker.
Bank Clearings gain again.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local Bank Clearings last week were $18,127,.
956, against $13,963,072 for the same week last
year. ,
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
ores at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted line 9. equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure r.nd is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, wanner weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, May 7. 5 p. m.
Following maximum temperatures are re- I
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 52, Fresno 84. Los Angeles 64, Red
Bluff 82. Independence 74, San Diego 60, Sac
ramento S2, San Luis Obispo 6S. Yuma 88.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62;
minimum. 48; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure la highest this evening in Wash
ington and lowest in Arizona. Northerly winds
prevail in the Pacific Coast States. The weather
is" partly cloudy in Southern California. Con
ditions are somewhat threatening on the South
ern California coast, and occasional sprinkles
of rain may occur in that section Sunday, else
where in California the weather v.-ill be. fair.
Forpca«t"s mart* at Sa" Franc's**) for thirty
hours ending midnight May 8, 189S:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Sunday; j
fresh westerly wind.
Nevada and Utah — Warmer Sunday.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Sunday; j
brisk westerly wind. •
Special report from Mount TamalpaJs taken i
at 5 p. m. Clear; wind, west, 12 miles an
hour; temperature, 64; maximum. 69.
W. H. HAMMON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Stock brokers had a
busy two-hours during the short session of the
exchange to-day and there were no intervals
of Idleness. ' The market was active through
out and the keenness for the stocks gathered
force as the session progressed until it had be
come very like a scramble toward the close.
Occasional offerings by operators content to
take their very substantial profits were swal
lowed up with almost no effect in prices. The
element of apprehension which had caused the
reaction at the close yesterday cleared up.
The release of the Lafayette eliminated thi,
fear of a complication with France over her
seizure. The reported announcement of the ar
rival of the McCulloch at Hongkong with dis
patches from Admiral Dewey relieved the na
tural uneasiness that was beginning to be felt
over the prolonged delay in receiving official
advices from him. There was some hesitancy
In the trading until an official confirmation
had been received from Washington of the
good news from Manila. The completeness of
the victory and the almost entire exemption |
from damage of the United States forces em
phasized the new important bearing of the
event upon the prospects for a speedy termina
tion of the war.
The depression of some American securities
in London before the opening here was ig
nored and the advance in prices was inaugu
rated from the opening. The strong Intimations
coming from official circles in Washington
that important news is expected from Admiral
Sampson by Sunday and reports that the Span
ish fleet has been sighted off the French West
Indies, aroused an expectation that the first
step toward the destruction of Spain's naval
force In the Atlantic was near at hand and
could safely be discounted in the" market. The
continued excitement and advancing prices in
wheat gave added strength to the stocks of
railroads running through the wheat belt. The
bank statement was also interpreted as dis
tinctively favorable. The force of the upward
tendency of prices was remarkable in the sec
ond hour and the day's net gains ranged be
tween 1 and 3 points for most of the leading
stocks. . ,
The animation and strength of the stock mar
ket during the week has been in strong contrast
to the lethargy of the early part of last week.
Professional operators laid in a large supply
of leading speculative stocks on Friday and
Saturday of last week, in anticipation of good
news from Commodore Dewey in the early part
of this week. It is not unusual to see prices
of stocks react upon the actual occurrence of
an event which has thus been discounted, sell
ing to realize profits. But the professional
operators who took their profits on Monday and
Tuesday on the news of Dewey's victory fail
ed entirely to estimate the force and far
reaching results of that event. Their heavy
realizing sale* were easily absorbed by the
large outside demand for stocks and instead of
reaction following the upward rush of prices
the week has closed with the furor to buy at
boiling point and with prices at the top level
of the week, • with from 20 to 11 points net
gain in the active railroad stocks. Some of the
specialties exceed even that. ;. .
The week's development in the money market
shows that the long process of preparation to
meet the country's war needs has been com
pleted. It is also significant that the gold
which continues to come from abroad no
longer goes to the liquidation of loans, indicat
ing that the Imports of gold are made on cur
rent accumulation* of exchange. Business In
other fields feel the benefit of the easy monty
conditions. The confidence that the progress
toward prosperity is about to be resumed Is the
real ground of the buoyancy In the " stock
market.
The bond market has fully '-■ shared In the
activity and strength of the stock market, and
prices are hlsriier all around. United States
new 4s have advanced 3% per cent; old 4s, reg
istered, 1% per cent; -as, coupon, I*4 per cent;
old 4s, coupon, 1 per cent, and the ss, regis
tered,' % per cent In the bid price
Total sales of , stocks ■ to-day ' were ■ 332,900
6hares, including: 10,430 Atchison preferred.
3720 C. & 0.. 26,965 C. B. & Q., 7985 L. & N.,
4115 Manhattan. 3655 Metropolitan, 6720 Read-
Ing preferred. 7460 Missouri Pacific. 4970 New
York Central. 9220 Northern Pacific, 10.485 do
preferred. 3350 Ontario and Western, 29.605 Rock
Island, 32.000 St. Paul, 3000 Southern preferred
28,000 Union Pacific. • 7650 Wabash preferred,
24,930 Tobacco, 4900 Chicago G. W. 5950 People's
Gas. 36.720 Sugar, 3350 T.. C. & 1.. 4495 West
ern Union. i iii«Vtit( iw>i'ffMiiiTiilt«tiiuui)i
- CLOSING STOCKS. J
Atchison .. 1214 St P & 0m....... 75
Do' pref ........ 29H Do pref --......:. 160
Baltimore ft Ohio lSft So Paclflo ....... Isfc
Canada Pacific ... 82% So Railway 8%
Canada Southern. 50% Do pref 28%
Central Pacific... 12 Texas & Pacific, 11%
Ches & Ohio 21% Union Pacific .... 58%
Chi & Alton 158 UPD & G 6%
Chi B & Q 98 Wabash 7%
Chi & E 111 50 Do pref 19%
C C C & St L.... 30% Wheel & L E 1%
Do pref 72 Do pref 9%
Del & Hudson 110 Express Companies-
Del L & W 160 Adams Ex 100
Den & R Q uv> American Ex .... 323
Do pref 46 United States .... 39
Erie (new) 12% Wells Fargro 113
Do Ist pref .... 34% Mlscellaneuoa—
Ft Wayne 167 A Cot Oil iO%
Ot Nor pref 166 Do pref 73%
Illinois Central .. 102 Amn Spirits 10%
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Do pref 27
Do pref 71% Am Tobacco 113%
Lake Chor« 184 Do pref 116%
Louis & Nash.... 52% People's Gas 95%
Manhattan L 103% Cons Gas 186
Met St Ry 149% Com Cable Co 150
Mich Cent 105% Col F & Iron 21%
Minn &St L 25% Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 83 Gen Electric 34%
Mo Pacific 3IVi Illinois Steel B0
Mobile & 0hi0... 27>i Laclede Gas 45%
Mo X & T 11% Lead 32
Do pref 35% Do pref 105
Chi Ind & L 9 Nat Lin Oil 18%
Do pref 26% Or Imp Co 29
N J Central 94% Pacific Mai! 27%
N V Central 114% Pullman Pal ITS
N V Chi & S L.. 13 Silver Cert 56
Do Ist pref .... 65 Stand R& T 5%
Do 2d pref .... 32 Sugar 333
Nor West 13% Do pref 116
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 24%
No Pacific 26% U S Leather 6%
Do pref 66% Do pref 62%
Ontario <fc W 15^, U 8 Rubber 18%
Or ft « Nay 49 Do pref 69%
Or Short Line... SO West Union 89% 1
Pittsburg 167 Chi &N W 124% !
Reading 18%| Do pref 171 I
Do Ist pref .... 45 St L& 8 W 4 j
Rock Island 95% l Do pref 10% |
St L & S F 6% R G W 20
I>o Ist pref 58 Do pref 50
Do 2d pref 27 Chi G W 13%
St Paul 94 Haw Com Co 20
Do pref 144% U P Common .... 22%
8t P M & M 132
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4b reg.. 121% N Carolina to 120
Do coup 121% Do 4s 102
V 6 4s 108% No Pac lsts 114%
Do coup 109 Do Ss 60%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s i' 3%
U S 5s reg 110% N V C & S L 45.. 103%
Do 5s coup 11l Nor &W 6s 117
District 3.65s 112 I Northwstrn cons. 138
Ala class A 108%! Do deb 5s 115
Do B 100 iO Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 94
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 122
Atchlson 4s 89% O S Line Fs tr.... 102%
Do adj 4s 61% O Imp lsts tr.... 10S I
Can So 2ds 107% Do 5s tr 57% |
Chi Term 4s 83 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103 !
C & Ohio 5s 112 Reading 4s 82% i
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W lßts 81% !
D & R G lsts 104% St L & I M C 55.. 91% I
D&R G4s 91 St L&S F G 65.. 116%
East Term lsts.. 106 St P Con 140 I
Erie Gen 4s 71 St PC & P lsts.. 116% |
FW & D lsts tr. 71% Do 5s 115% i
Gen Electric 55.. 102% So Ry 5s 91
GH& S A 65... 106 Stand RAT 65.. 64% !
Do 2ds 103 I Term new set 35.. 85 j
H & T C 5s 110 IT & P L G lsts.. 101%
Do con 63 110 Do Rg 2ds 33 !
lowa C IsJj 99 If P D & G lsts.. 53%
La new cons 45.. 95% TV*d Ist Ss 107
L& N Unl 45.... 87% Do 2ds 80%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 49 106%
M X & T 2d5.... 61% Va Centuries 68 I
Do 4s *. . 88 Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts. 116 U P pref 58%
NJC 5s 113 UP 4s 93% j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 06 Ophlr 35
Con Cal & Va.... 55 Plymouth 12 |
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00 j
Gould & Curry... 15 Do prrf 100)
Hale & Norcroes. 45 Sierra Nevada ... 66
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 60 !
Iron Silver 44 Union Con 10 )
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket 03
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 7.— Atchlson, li#: Bell Tele
phone 260: Burlington. 99; Mexican Central,
; Oregon Short Line. 30: San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 7— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were idle and dull to-day. The
only feature was the payment of the Chinese
Indemnity to Japan of £12,000,000. £1.000.000 in
Berlin and £11.000.000 at the Bank of England,
this being the largest check ever drawn. The
money market was less affected than had bfen
expected. Americans were lifeless. Spanish 4s
were flat, although exchange was steadier.
New York bought about £200.000 In gold
which arrived to-day from the Cape at 77s 9%id.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 55%; Grand Truhk. 8%;
Bar Silver, steady, 25 15-16 d per ounce; Money,
2%@3 per cent.
AN INCREASE IN LOANS.
NEW YORK. May 7.— The Financier says:
For the first time since the destruction of the
battleship Maine the loans of the New York
clearing house banks show an Increase. It be
came evident as the week, progressed that deal
ings in mercantile paper were on a more liberal
scale, but the increase in the loan item prob
ably represents for the most part borrowings
incident to the revival on the Stock Exchange.
While the increase was less than $1,000,000, it
must be interpreted as a favorable sign. At
this time, when the turning point seems to
have been reached, it is interesting to note
that the falling off in the loans in New York
banks since February 19 last have been no less
than 175,900,000. A considerable part of this
sum, however, represents the liquidation of
accumulated sterling bills Incident to the heavy
gold imports. __
NEW YORK GRATN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 7.— FLOUR— Receipts. 18.
345 barrels; exports, 145,557. Strong and higher;
winter patents, Jff@6 50: do straits, $5 65@5 80;
Minnesota patents, $6 75®7 20; winter extras,
J4 30*j4 75: Minnesota bakers" , $5 25<g'5 60; win
ter low grades, *2 90@3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 489,325 bushels: exports,
89,429 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 red, $1 62
nominal, f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options
opened up with a rush and were Btrong on un
expectedly higher Liverpool news. Thereafter
they ruled active and strong, with remarkable
advances in May and July, due to exerted
actions of shorts; closed 4 l-16c up on these
months and up on others. No. 2 red May,
$1 50#l 60, closed $1 60; July. $1 10^»@l 13<4,
closed $1 13.
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 1895
crop. 4@sc; 1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1897 crop, 15@16c;
Pacific ('oast, 1895 crop, 4@6c; 1&96 crop, 7@Bc;
1897 crop, 15W16C.
WOOL— Fleece, 15@22c; Texas, 12@14c.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
METALS— Pigiron dull; Southern, $9 75@11 25;
Northf-rn, $10tfil2.
COPPER— Steady; brokers' $12.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers', $3 50.
TINPLATES— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 6 points net lower. Sales, 8250 bags. Includ
ing May, o.SOc; September, 5.75 c. Spot coffee—
Rio quiet; No. 7 invoice. 6Hc; No. 7 jobbing,
7V4c; mild, barely steady; Cordova, BV4@lsV4c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, steady;
mold A, 5 11-16 c; standard A, 5 5-16 c; confec
tioners' A, 5 5-16 c; cut loaf, 5 15-16 c; crushed,
5 15-16 c; powdered, 5 11-16 c; granulated, 5 7-16 c;
cubes, 5 11-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4450 packages. Steady;
Western dairy, 14<?fl7e; Elgrins, 17c; factory,
13!gl4Vzc; imitation, U<Blhhic.
EGGS — Receipts, 8645 packages. Steady;
Western, 10Vs@Hc; Southern, 10@10V4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May ".—California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong, other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@7c;
prime wire tray, BMi@9c; wood-dried, prime,
»<B'&Wc; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— B@B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, B@l2c; Moorpark. 10^12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 7.— May Wheat advanced to
Jl 70 per bushel on the Board of Trade to
day. It closed at Jl 67, a net advance for the
week of exactly 50c per bushel. Joseph Leiter
has apparently proven himself complete master
of the situation, with entire control of the
available Wheat supply and shorts at his
mercy.
Another surprising advance at Liverpool to
day started the Wheat market here strong and
drove from the minds of local scalpers for the
time being all thought of the big reaction they
were calculating upon with great confidence
the day before. July, which closed yesterday
at Jl 01, opened with buyers at from Jl 02Vi@
1 03, and in the course of forty minutes It sold
up to Jl 04% without material setback. Sep
tember in the same time rose from around 84% c
and 65c, where it hung during the first twenty
minutes to 85% c, its closing price yesterday
having been 83% c. May started only %c
higher, or at Jl 50. The next short to come In,
however, did it at Jl 55. The advance in May
Wheat at Liverpool was equal to 3%c a bushel,
and In July sc. The quotations percental at
Liverpool showed the price of May Wheat to
be bringing the equivalent of Jl 54% July
I Jl 48%, September Jl 14% and December Jl 03%
Frantic efforts to buy the golden cereal began
again after a brief rest at Jl oc, for July and
Jl 55 for May. The market got at last where
bearish reports no longer influenced it. It be
came a mere matter of disappearing margins
with shorts and aggressive confidence with
longs. July rushed up from around Jl 05 to
Jl 06. dropped In two minutes back to Jl 05%
and five minutes after It was bringing Jl 06%
In the last fifteen minutes of the session it
surged up and down in great swelling billows
of excited trading between Jl 06 and Jl 06»i
the closing bell tap cutting it short when Jl 06%
was the current price. May, after reaching
Jl 70, closed at JJ 67. an advance of 17% c for
the day. The net gain in July was n%c; Sep
tember rose to 87% c and closed at 87% c, or 3%c
net advance. Leiter reported cash sales of
160.000 buohela of No. 1 Northern to Ohio
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
millers.
The trade In Corn was not much more active
than usual, but it sympathized with Wheat.
The day's advance was lc in May and %c In
"oats ruled firm on light trade, May closing
%c higher and July %c higher.
Provisions had the Liverpool market to con
tend with in addition to heavy receipts of
hogs, and under the double load prices were
sustained with difficulty. At the close July
pork was 5c lower for the day and lard and
ribs each 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
AVheat. No. 3—
May 160 170 150 187
July 102% 106% 102% 106%
September 84% 87% 94% 87%
December 82% 84 81% 83%
Corn, No. 8—
May 34 34% 83% 34%
July 34% 85 84% 34%
September 35% 35% 35% 86%
Oats. No. 2—
May 30% 31% 30% 81
July 26% 27 26% 27
September 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 72% 10 76
July 1105 1106 10 82% 10 95
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 6 80 5 82%
July 585 6 87% 680 585
September 695 595 5 87% 695
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 52%
July 666 6 57% 5 02% 655
September 6 62% 665 660 6 62%
Sash quotations were as follows: Flour,
; strong; winter wheat patents. $6 20@6 50; winter
wheat straits, $f> 70<R v 6; winter wheat clears,
$6 50@5 80; spring wheat spots. $7: patents.
i $5 90<g 6 35; straits, $5 50@5 75; bakers', $4 75®
6 25; No. 2 spring Wheat, *1 15, nominal; No. 3
spring Wheat. Jl 10@l w: No. 2 red, $1 50®
1 65; No. 2 Corn, 34%(3>34%c ; No. 2 Oats, 31c;
i No. 2 white, 33%«j34c; No. 3 white. 32%(£r33'?t;
I No. 2 Rye, 70c; No. 2 Barley, 43®52c; No. 1
; Flax Seed, $1 36; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 56®
I 2 75; Mess Pork, per bbl. $10 76@10 80; Lard, per
j 100 lbs, J5 82%@6 85; Short Ribs Sides (loose),
J $5 35@5 70; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 4%@
5c- Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 90@6 10;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, jl 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments^
Flour, bbls 10.000 , . 7.000
Wheat, bu 87.000 *270.000
Corn, bu 557.000 608.000
Oats bu «8,000 213,000
ye bu 7.700 1.600
Barley, bu 19.300 MOO
i On the Produce Exchange to day the Butter
, market was steady; creameries, 13@16o; dairies,
12@14c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese, dull
and unchanged. -
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushel!". Bushels.
Minneapolis .......212.800 19.760
Duluth 77,538 113.977
Milwaukee .. 18.850 "■•■••
Chicago ••• 87,318 275.353
Toledo ................... 60,837 96.000
st Louis .::..: 13.000 136,000
Detroit 3.679 19,332
: Kansas City 18,500
Totals 492.522 66,422
Tidewater- 80.722 147.000
Boston «0.722 147.000
I New York 459.325 89,428
i Philadelphia 18.4*« m
! Baltimore 35.092 .......
' New Orleans .......
; Galveston .....". .......
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening .......64 15 65 00
j Cl -=<ne V .....
Flour— -.? •■■■■.-
! Opening 80 25 25 00
, Closing . •••••
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
• May. ; July. Sept. Dee.
! Opening 10 9 10 8* T 11* 11%
I Closing ......
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
i CHICAGO, May 7.— CATTLE— Trade in cattle
' was dull at unchanged quotations. Extra to
' choice steers, $5(^5 35; stockers and feeders,
$3 85@5; cows and heifers, $3 60@4 75; calves,
*4®6.
Averaged 2Hc lower. Sales were
! mostly at $4@4 15, the extreme range being
$3 POW4 25. .
SHEEP— Were practically nominal on light
offerings. Shorn flocks, $3 25<3'4 85; clipped
: lambs. J3 75@4 65; spring do, $6®7 50. j
Receipts— Cattle, 100; Hogs, 16,000; sheep,
1500. „ .„. _ „
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. May 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
! 600. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 7000. Market opened steady,
closed weak: bulk of sales. $8 Fsi?r4 05; heavies,
$3 8504 10; packers, $3 80@4 05; mixed, J3 75®
. 4: light. $3 75<@3 90.
i No pheep.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1900,
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 90@4 85; West
! em steers, $3 70<g4 30: cows and heifers, $3 30
i (g4 20: stockers and feeders. $3 80<JT4 90.
HOGS— Receipts. 9200. Market shade to 5c
lower: heavy. $3 8503 95; mixed, $3 85ig3 90;
lipht. $3 SO(S3 90; bulk of sales, $3 85@3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2600. Market steady; fair
to choice --natives, $3 *>OS4 40; do Westerns,
, $3 50@4 30; lambs, $4<f?s 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. May 7. -CATTLE— Receipts. 1100.
Market steady: beef steers, 13 BO@4 50; cows,
$3^3 90: feeders, freight paid to river, $3 90<g>
4 30; stockers, do, $4®4 40; bulls and stags, $2
OS.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market Be lower; light
packers, $3 90@3 95; mixed, $3 85@3 90; heavy,
, $3 80«3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. Market steady: good :
I fat muttons, S3 20iT4 20; lambs, S4 50@5 20.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 7.— Consols. 110 11-16; «Uver,
26 IR-I6d; French rentes, 102f 95c.
LIVERPOOL, May 7.— Wheat, firm; No. 1 j
standard California wheat. 52s 6d; cargoes off |
coast, sellers indifferent operators: cargoes on :
| pa-ssage. quiet and steady; wheat in Paris, |
I weak: flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-325.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 red Northern
spring, 10s Bd.
CORN— Spot, qul«t: American mixed new, I
4s Id. Futures, quiet: May, 3s llVid; July,
3s 9%d: September, 8s 9%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy Flour, firm, 12s 3d. !
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, firm, £2 10a
@£2 15s.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. May 7.— The offerings at the Wool |
auction sales to-day amounted to 13,394 bales.
Competition was active and prices generally
firm. Fine Tasmanlan greasy sold at top prices
to the home trade and good Queensland greasy
brought rates equal to the March sales. Dur
ing the week 54,500 bales were sold.
WESTERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May 7.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla,
96c- valley, 98c; bluestem, $1 per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 7.— WHEAT— No. 1 club, 88c;
No. 1 bluestem, 81 02.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Exports of specie for
the week aggregated $791,047 in silver bars
and coin and $5000 -In gold. The Imports of
cpecie this week were $2,916,849 In gold and
$29,210 in silver. _____
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May 7.— Exchanges, $212,335;
balances, $31,873. ; .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — i $4 81%
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5........ — '4 85
Sterling Cables — - 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — ' 7%
New York Exchange. . telegraphic). — , . 10
Fine Silver, per ounce . — 56%
Mexican Dollars • — Nominal
WHEAT AND * OTHER GRAINS.
The -Cambuskenneth . takes for Cape Town
60, 000 ctls, valued at $105,000. „ ■'■;
There was another Jump In futures, following
a scramble at V Chicago, where May ;■: wheat
soared to $1 70. ; The foreign markets were also
firmer, ! as will .be seen. • '-■ Spot quotations ; were
likewise higher, 'and 'altogether the close of the
week was highly sensational. \ ;_
Tidewater -quotations are: Shipping, ' $1 75@
I 1I 1 77%; milling, $ISs@l 90 per ctl.
' , .' ' CALL BOARD SALES. ; '.* ,'■■
- Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—'
4000 ctls, $1 70%: 18,000. $1 70; 6000, Jl 70%; 4000,
$1 69%." May— 2ooo, -SIBO. : -
- Second • session— December— ctls. $1 71;
20.000. $1 n%; 16.0T« $1 71%; 34,000, $1 72; 48,000,
$1 71%; 2000. $1 71%: 68.000, $1 71%.
Regular morning — December— 4ooo etls,
$1 74%; 10,000, Jl 74: 20,000. $1 73%; 8000, $1 73%;
6000. $1 73%: 8000. $1 73%; ■ 4000. ,$1 73%: 46,000,
Jl 73; 4000. $1 72%; 8000, »1 72%; 2000, $1 72%;
18 000. $1 72%. May— 2ooo, $1 80. -, ■«
' BARLEY— firmer, both on »ad oft call,
with a quiet ■ market. " . " . ■
Feed, '$1 ■• 32%@1 i 37%: ; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES." <:', :'■;'■
Informal session— 9:ls i o'clock— No ; sales. ■
Second : December— 2ooo ctls, $1 32%;
2000. Jl 32%.
Regular Morning Session— December — ctls,
SI 32 3 -a ■ ' ■' '" \ ' • :'■■-''■■ -'-'■ ■■ "■ ' ■'■':,
OATS— Are "quiet,' but steady, with ample
offerings. : - - : ' - ; :-.
V! Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 ; per ctl; good -to
choice, $1 Ss@l 40; : common. • $1 30@l 32%; Sur
prise, $1 45(g 1 l 50: gray, $1 32%@1 37%; milling,
$1 sr.(ffii 42V, per ctl. -,< -^ ;.-..,, 
• CORN— There Is no : further change ' In prices.
There •is ■ plenty > here ; for « all S Immediate needs
and lots of it on the 1 way. ■; ■. : ,
Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, %l 07% ;t white, $1 07% per ctl. ';- :
:■ RYE— sl 37%@1 40 per ctl. ; -
BUCKWHEAT— »I 70@2 per CtL ;
-■ ■ - ■■- -:■ . ■■ -, ■-- ■.::■--. .-■■■- .-,.-•-■' . '*-•■. ",■ .
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Quotations show no variation.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5 75®5 86; Bakers'
Extras. $5 50@; 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks ar« aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trad«: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25«?3 50- Buckwheat Flour, $404 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 75- Farina, $4 75: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20; In sacks. $5 60@6: Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market was very soft and dull, ow
ing to the continued flood from outside source*,
but th^re was no decline. This outside Hay
Is coming- from all sorts of sources up north,
but as the freight Is $5 per ton from Portland
It Is not likely to beat prices down very far.
Some of It from points east of Portland stands
the shippers In $11 freight, and of course they
lose on such shipments. Besides, almost all
of this outside Hay is stained and otherwise
In poor condition, and dealers do not dread it
much in competition with our choice clean
California product. Still. It has its effect.
Buyers in Sonoma and Napa counties have
Instructions to pay $17®18 for any kind of new
Hay. and will take thousands of tone at these
figures, but the farmers will not let go so far.
BRAN-J2O EOOH per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50@25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $29 per ton;
: Oilcake Meal at the n-11. $."n«3l 50; Jobbing.
j $32rt532 50: Cocoanut Cake. $24<g/25; Cottonseed
! Meal. $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack
| ed Corn, $25.
Hay— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $21®
25; Wheat and Oat. $20@24; Oat, $18@21; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat. $22@25; com
pressed Oat, $IS@2O; Alfalfa, $12 50@14 50; Clo
ver, nominal; Timothy. $lo@lß.
STRAW-9»e@sl 10 per b«J«.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A contest seems to b« developing between
buyers and holders of Beans. One side says
they are firm, the other says they are weak.
When one or the other wins the situation prices
will get settled. At present they are Irregular
and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3; Small Whites. $2 06
®2 15- Large Whites. $2®2 05; Pinks, $2 65®
2 76; Reds, $2 75; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters,
$1 66@1 75; Llmas, $3 15: Pea, $1 85@2; Red Kid
neys, $2 60^2 65 per ctl.
. &EEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 Zs@3 60 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $8 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2»4<?2%e per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape, 2>4®
2?ic; Hemp. 2\@Zc: Timothy, 6@s\ic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles String Beans brought 3®Bc per
lb. Green Peppers 15c and Tomatoes $1 250
1 50 per box.
Onions continue to decline. Vegetables show
no particular change.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 15<g»35c; River Reds,
40@50c; River Burbanks 40@60c per Hack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@73c; Petaluma Burbanks, 60
@60c per sack; new Potatoes, 102 c per It).
ONlONS— Australian, $3@3 50; new, S6c@sl
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 711 boxes As
paragus, 349 boxes Rhubarb and 539 sacks Peas.
.Asparagus, $2 for extra large. $1 50@l 75
per box for No. 1, 75cig$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 50®65c per box for small to good and 75®
85c for extra choice; Green Peas, $I@l 25 per
sack: Garden Peas, 2c per lt>; String Beans,
from Vaeaville, SifflOc; Horse Beans, 50@75c
per sack; Summer Squash, $1 25 per box; Dried
Peppers. 6@7c p*>r lt>; Dried Okra, 12V4c; Cab
bage. 65<g75c per ctl; Carrots. 30@50c per sack;
Cucumbers. 25c(g$l per dozen; Mexican Toma
toes. $1 25®1 75 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16*il8c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
The week closed with a good dea. of stock
on hand, and there will be the usual amount
of Eastern this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and Il<ifl2c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$lfll SS; Gosllngß. $1 SOftl 70; Ducks, $3<ff4 for
old and $,"(f?6 for young; Roosters, young,
$7 60^8 50; Roosters, old, $3 50®4; Fryers, $6<g>
6 50; Broilers. $4 50<<55 50 for large, $2 50<g>4 for
small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for young
and $1 2? for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is quoted firmer by most dealers, and
though receipts from Humboldt alone have been
over 700 boxes during the past two days the
market is only moderately stocked.
Eggs are steady at the old prices.
BUTTER—
'. Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19@20c; seconds,
j lS^c. . »
Dairy— to fancy, 17%@18Hc; common
grades, 15@16Vjc per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery. 16®
16>-ic; ladle-packed, 15@16c ' per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. lf.(®lßcr/ ~* ' "- ' •■■ • • : T; -■■--:
. CHEESE — Choice mild new, 9@9V4c; common
Ito good. 7%fßV4c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc;
; Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12%@13%c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13c per dozen; store i
Eggs, ll@UHc; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues overstocked with small
Cherries. Strawberries are still low and In
free supply.
Citrus fruits are abundant and easy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 1004 chests of Strawberries and
331 boxes of Cherries. '
Strawberries, $2 50®4 per cheat for large and
$3 20@4 for small berries In baskets, and ${ SO®
6 for loose.
Small white Cherries, 25®50c per box; red,
35@75c; black, 75c@$l 40.
Gooseberries, 25@35c per drawer.
Blackberries, 12& C per basket.
Apples. 40@50c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to chcice and $1 25®1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50®2 25;
Seedlings, 40c@$l; Lemons, 50c®$l for common
and $1 25@2 25 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@4 50; California Limes, in small
boxes. 50<9'60e; Bananas, $125^2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
I At present rate of buying dealers expect that
! Prunes will be all cleaned up by the time the
I new crop comes forward, hence they look for
good prices this year. The demand Is con
sumptive and not at i all speculative.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%®
Be for 40-50' 4%@4%c for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70's, 3%!{f3!ic for 70-80's, 2%@3c for 80-90"s, 2%
@2V4c for 90-100' s; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 5V4@
6c: peeled, lO@l2Hc; Apricots, olg^Vic for Roy
als and 7(gSc for good to - fancy - Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6V4@7c; sun-dried. v 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and lV}@l%c for unpltted • ■. bleached
Plums. 6@5%c; Nectarines, 4@6c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Vic for . four-crown, 4V6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and |1@
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V4c. .
— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
BOftshell, B%<{j!9c for paper-shell Peanuts, ■4®
6%c for Eastern - and 4&c for California; Pe
cans. 6%@Bc; Filberts, SH®loc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per It-- cocoanuts. $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 64@ |
6c; light amber, extracted. 4»4@5V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— per lib. j >-
PROVISIONS.
The market is in fair ". shape at : unchanged
prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light ' medium, 10^c for light,
11<? for extra light • and • 12c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, l 5'10c; Mess Beef , $10 50 ■ per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, :- $10; ■ extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15: Smoked Beef, 12c per. lb.
LARD— tierces quoted ,at 6c per lb
for compound and ;7%c for pure; pails, B^c;
California tierces,'- 5%c per lb : for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb tins,
8c: 5-lb tins. B^c. : • .
COTTOLENE— 6H@6%c ; packages,
less than 300 lbs — 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-!b pails, 12 in a
case, BV4e; - 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, BV£c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net; 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,.7%c; half
barrels, about no lbs.7^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about ■lc •. under the quotations. ; Heavy , salted '
steers, 10c; ' medium, B%@9c; light. 8Hc; ; Cow
hides, BH@9c; Stags, oc; : salted ' Kip, 9c; " Calf,
10c; dry ; Hides 15@16c; culls and brands, 12fg>
I?c: dry , Kip ; and Veal, - 16@16%c; dry : Calf.
18@19c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@37V4c each;
Kids, '. s@loc; . Deerskins, good summer, ■ 25@30c
per lb: medium. 20c; winter, « 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@25c each; short wool, 40@60c
each; medium 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each. ■ '--■-: :■ • ■ - -•.. ■ .■;■■ - ■•■-•' ■
TALLOW— No. , 1 rendered, 3@Sttc per lb;
No. 2. 2@2Hc; refined. sc; Grease, 2c.
• WOOL— Fall clip— Joaquin, defective, '. 7@
9c; ■ Southern Mountain. : 9@llc: = free ; Northern.
12013 c; Northern, defective, 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 10@14c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO ' MEAT MARKET. -
Beef and Mutton are weaker, as the dry
weather :is sending -in large . shipments : from
the country.,' No. other. changes. . .
;i Wholesale., rates ,~ for :,: dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
;. BEEF— First - quality,"*-' 6c; second quality,
5%c: third quality, 4@sc per lb. *..
VEAL— Large, i 4@sc; small, s@6c per lb. =
' MUTTON— Wethers. 8c; • Ewes, ■ 7@7>4c per . lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per lb. . • . :
; PORK— Live Hogs. 3%c for large and 4c for
medium; ' stock s Hogs,' 2@2V4c; : dressed ;?'■ Hogs,
BH@6Hc.*. ■---■• !.---'.-. ■■■■•■' '-'■.'■
GENERAL \ MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln. $6 SO.
CO AXr- Wellington, |8 per ten; New Welling
ton, $8;.; Southfleld " : Wellington, $7 M; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, 07 50;
Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anth) - Ite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
pe * V? . : , Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and
$1* in sacks. - - , ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Com
pany quotes, terms • net cash: - Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7o; : Powdered, • 6V4c; Dry
Granulated. 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A 5Hc: Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 5%c;
Candy , Granulated, 6c; California A. 5%c per
lb; half barrels Me more than , barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, May 7.
Flour, « sks ... 27.004 Hay. tons ....... 465
Wheat, otls ..... 1,515 Pelts. • bdls ; 240
Barley, ctls 3,615 Hides,' no .. 1,008
Rye, ctls ........ 655 Straw, tons ...... 20
Cheese, ctls 36 Wool, bales ..... 173
Butter, ctls 366 ! Eggs, doz ....... 16.530
Tallow, ctls ..... 291 1 Quicksilver, flsk. 65
Beans, sks 250; Leather, rolls ... 88
Potatoes, sks ... 943 1 Lumber, ft ...... 20.000
Onions, sks 3SB« Wine, gals ...... 46,550
£""}• Bks •• 35; Lime. bbls ...... 81
Middlings, sks .. 200 1 Raisins, bxs ..... 11l
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,308 1 Shorts, sks 5.341
Wheat, ctls 8.9501 Hay, tons 160
Barley, ctls ..... 3.790 Straw, tons ' 5
Oats, ctls 1,992 Potatoes, iks .... 4.490
Bran, sks 3.1801
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.984 Oats, ctls ........ 1.44 1 ?
Wheat, ctls ..... 5.940 Bran, sks 3.400
Barley, ctls ..... 1.520!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 3,3751
UTAH.
Hajr, ears S|
.- .. ■ • ■" — "; ■"
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week quietly at un
changed prices.
The Yellow Jacket assessment falls delin
quent In board and the Silver Hill assessment
in office to-morrow.
The California and Virginia output of ore.
last week amounted to 89 tons, of the average
assay value of $36 03.
The Big Seven Mining Comapny of Montana
paid a dividend of $36,000 on April 80.
The California- Verde Antique Marble Com- |
pany has levied an assessment of H cent per
share, delinquent June 10.
The Argonaut Mining Company of California
is now paying a dividend of 10 cents per share
amounting to $20,000.
The Red Cap Mining Company of Humboldt '■
County has levied an assessment of $2 per I
share, delinquent June 4.
The annual meetings of the Grass Valley i
water Company and the North Star Mining
Company, both of Grass Valley, will be held on i
Wednesday.
At the annual meeting of the Morgan Mining
Company the old Board of Directors was re
elected, with Charles S. Neal as president
The annual meeting of the Scorpion Mining
Company will be held to-morrow.
The annual meeting of the Hutchlnson Sugar I
Plantation Company will be held on Tuesday
and that of the Hawaiian Commercial and
Sugar Company on Wednesday.
On the Bond Exchange there were heavy
sales of Hawaiian Commercial at prices rang
ing from $22 down to $18, cloning at $19%.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, May 7—10:80 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 45H 46%
4s quar coup.. 109 110 Pac Gas Imp — 84*?
4s quar reg.^iOS^lon Pac L C0...1.50H —
4» quar new... 121^122%. S F G & E... 84% 85
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 34;
Cal-st Cab 55. 114 115 Stock fas. . v —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 95%.103%. Plrem's Fund. lßs -
Dup-st er c. — 98V4 Bank Stocks-
E L A P 65. .126%.— Anglo-Cal ....— 62%
F & Ch R 6s. — 116V4 Bank of Ca1.. 240 250
(jeary-st R 6s. — 99 Cal SD & T 90 95%
HC A S 5%.. 100 105 First <at .. .1% -
LA LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat 8...150 157%
Do Ist M 55. .112^.113% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — y7% Ger S & L.. — 1650
S C = Nf^ Ry 75103 — Hum s & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 105 — Mutual Say. — 42Vi
NRy Cal 55.. f9>4100>4 S F Say U — $00
NPC R R 65.100»4 — S&L So — 100
NPC R R os. — 101 Security S B 250 -
Oak Gas 55. ..190 — Union T Co. 9M —
Do 2d is 55..105%i109 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123%. — California ....108 110
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
IP&Ch Ry 6s. 104 110 Market-st .... — 52^
j Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 7U
I Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
'■acßlec Ry 55. 100 — California ....115 150
SF& N P 55.105%106 E Dynamite... 85 —
SierraßCal 6s. — 105 Giant Con Co. 43% 44
S P of Ar 65.. 103 103»i Viporlt 3%. 3\
S P Cal 65.. — 1H Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 96 Al Pac Assn.. 92% 94
8 P Br 6s 108%109% Ocr Ld vVkp.llo —
S V Wat 65... 1151.4116^ Hana P C 0... 10% 15
S V Wat 45... 101 — HC & S Co.. IRI4 18%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 48>4 49
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. B0 —
Contra Costa. 50 55 Nat Vln C 0... — 6%.
Marin Co —50 — Oceanic S Co. 50%^ 53
Spring Valley. 99% 9E% Pac A F L.. Ui 2H
Gas A ::iectrlo— Pac Bot C0...100V4101
Cent GasUght.los — Par Paint Co. I —
Mutual El Co. 11V4 —
Morning Session.
425 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 00
60 do do 21 75
150 do «do ;i 50
100 do do 21 37V4
175 do do 2100
25 do do 8 10 2100
150 do do s 10 ;. 20 75
50 do do 8 10 2" 62U,
100 do do 2125
1010 do do 20 00
50 do do l!) 7S
350 do do 19 50
200 do do 19 25
250 do do 19 12' i
100 do do l!t no
100 do do IS 75
120 do do 18 50
fil do do 18 00
30 Alaska Packers' Association 93 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 48 50
10ft Giant Powder Con 43 50
5S Ppring Valley Water 9S 37H,
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 115 75
$2000 do do 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 22 00
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 52 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Alta 16 100 Justice .... 09
100 Belcher 11 500 Potosi
200 Gould A Curry.. 22 100 Sierra Nevada ' 62
200 Hale A Norcrs. 51
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 16 400 Gould & Curry 23
500 17 200 Hale A Norcrs ' «i
500 Belcher 11 500 Justice .. 0«
600 13 1200 Mexican '.'. 08
300 Best A Belcher. 28 500 Ophir .. ' ' 41
700 29|200 Potosi " >i
200 Chollar 211200 "
200 22 300 Savage " 14
700 231300 Sierra Nevada'" 64
300 Con Cal A Va.. 621200 «
600 63| 300 Union Con "" ifi
500 Con New York.. 02] 500 Yellow Jacket ' 05
700 Crown Point ... 11l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 7—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Rid A«ik
Alpha 03 04 Julia - 02
Alta 15 17 Justice 08 10
Andes 08 09 Kentuck 01 02
Benton Con ... — 20 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 09 10
Best & Belchr. 28 29 Occidental ... 1051 10
Bullion 06 07 Ophlr 35 41
Caledonia 14 17 Overman 02 04
Chollar 23 24 Potosl 24 ">h
Challenge Con. — 12 Savage 15 jg
Con Cal & Va. 63 64 Seg Belcher ... — 01
Confidence 40 4"> Scorpion 02
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada 64 66
Crown Point... 10 11 Silver Hill .... 05 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard ll 50 160
Exchequer — 02 Union Con . 16 18
Gould & Curry. 24 26 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 61 — Yellow Jacket. 04 05
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
T.
w.
T. | F. | S.
i 1
3 3~^3
15 16 16
' 7 :.7 9
12 .11 12
" 29 : 27 ' 29
6 6 7
15 15 15
11 ■".. ..
26 21 24
61 -60 64
40 40 40
10 10 10
23 22 26
60 50 60
' 9 8 "9
11 v. 9
41 38 40
3 3 2
1 05 1 10 1 05
! 26 20 24
14 13 15
11 55 1 5511 55
64 61 65
16 16 17
: ■■■■'! 7 "7.
. 7.5 : 4
T.
a
a
ler
and 8e1cher. . .....
on
lonia
enge ,;...............
ar .::.;.:...........
Cal. and Va. '.:."..
dence ..............
n P0int..... ■.::..."..
Hand- Curry......
and Norcroes. ;. . .
cc
can ..........nrr:;
40 40
10 10
211 22
| 49 47
11 ii
38 38
2 2
1 15 1 05
24 24
13 14
1 65 1 55
67 63
15 16
6 6
9 7
■-.
-nan
lental
(I
?e: ..:.:. ............
lard
a Nevada
a
w Jacket
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob H. and Dora Neustadter to Slgmund
Gre«nebaum, lot on NE corner of Van Ness av
enue and Lombard street. E 109 by N 137:6;
also lot on SE corner of Chestnut street and
Van Ness avenue. S 137:6 by E 109; aUo lot
on SE corner of Van Ness avenue and Fran
cisco street. S 137:6 by E 123; also lot on W
line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 265 S of Point
Loboe avenue, S 70 by W 120; also lot on SE
corner of Point Lobe* and Tenth avenues, E
82:6 by S 100; also all interest In lot on NW
corner of Silliman and Tale streets, N 396:6.
NW 6:11, W 234, S 400, E 240, block 132. Uni
versity Homestead; also lot on SW corner of
Thirty-second avenue and R street. S 475 by W
240; also property in outside counties, quitclaim
deed; ?10.
Amelia V. R. Pixley to Amelia M. Burnell,
lot on N line of Green street, 60 W of Fillmore,
W 30 by N 137:6; gift.
John I. Sabln to Pearl Ladd Sabln. lot on N
line of Pine street, 119:S E of Pierce. E 27:2 1 A
by N 137:6; gift.
Henry and Eliza Stern to Rosalia Greenbaum,
lot on S line of California street, 31:3 W of
Baker, W 25 by S 100: $10.
Michael T. Carroll to Christina Carroll, lot
on S line of Turk street, 137:6 E of Lyon, E
24:4 by S 137:6; gift.
Hans and Christine Petersen to James A. and
Mary E. Ritchie, lot on S line of Frederick
street, 300 E of Staoyan, E 26 by S 137:6; $10.
George A. and John T. Aabel to Sarah M.
Farley (wife of Elliott), lot on N line of Fif
teenth street, 48 W of Shotwell. W 24 by N
74; $10.
John and Magdalena Frerichs to Gulseppe
and Rosalia Caneilla, lot on W line of Barman
place, 77:6 S of Union; al9o 77:6 W of Dupont,
S 40 by W 60; $10.
Lee Bock Mo and Lee Llm Sing (by Lee
Poy. attorney) to Lee Chong. lot on NW corner
of Pupont and Clay streets, N 57 by W 65,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Maurice Arnold, lot 817, sift map
2; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Marie C. Kratz (owner) with H. R. Schmuck
ert (contractor and architect), all work for a
two-story and basement frame building on W
line of Rartlett street. 135 S of Twenty-third.
8 35 by W 120: $3750.
Mrs. Rose Sarks (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect. David C. Coleman. al
terations and additions to a two-story frame
building on E line of Bryant avenue, 208 S of
Twentv-thlrd street. S 23 by E 100; $1828.
THE CALX. CALENDAR.
May, 1898.
We
I
\J_
11
«
13
20
27
|_7_
I 14
21
28
©Full Moon.
W May 5.
Moon's Phases.
IS
.jo-Last Quarter
M, May 12.
,*\ New Moon. •
W May 20.
25
28
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange, Is
I maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
j mariners without regard to nationality and
I free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
| office, where complete sets of charts and sall
j ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. j. t. McMILLAN.
Assistant In Charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, • Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
■ ~ ~ _ MAY-IS9S
Sunday, May 8.
no«» -... 5:05
sets.... ...r.-... :.7:07
n rises 10:20 p. m.
?!T^!Feetl2^?|Feet! T iE?!Feet! TT l Pee>.
J.IL W. HWi 'LWi .iH Wl
IH W
SI 0:291
lU| 1:23 i
111 2:81
12! 3:51
13i s:li
|L W
141 U:sl
15 ' 1 :52
5.9
5.5
5.1
4.S
4.5
2.:
1.:
IL W
| 7:5?
! 8:4'«
!<:49
10:41
11:50
H W
<'•:*<>
T:6B|
4.4 6:2.1
H W
—1.0 3:23
—07 4:25
-0.4 .'i:2l!
0.1 6:10
0.5 6:50
L. \V
| 4.4 I°:4T
I 4.3 1:37
».2 . .
L wi
4.4 7:82
4.5 8:48
4.7 10:12
5.0 11:38
5.2
H W
10 •:■&>
1.4! 8:11
3.3
3.4
».l
2.8
5
5.5
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the j
last tide of the day. except when there are but j
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights j
given are additions to the soundings on the '
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slprn (—)( — ) precedes the height. ,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters. ;
STEAMER!! TO AKKIVK.
Stk-amkb. I From
City of Peking. I China and J;man...
City of Topeka Seattle
Willamette. Seattle
Empire......... Coos Bay-
Samoa .... Humboldt
San Jcme | Panama ..
City of Sydney P anama V
Santa Rosa I an Dleg-o
Pr08re50...... . I Seattle '. ...
8urma...... Xanaimo .-
Norm For*. . . . ! Mumooidt
State or Cai ' Portland.
Curaca0..... ... j Mexico
I.akrae ......... Seattle
Chilkat j Eel River
Coos Bay ! Newport
Mackinaw..... Tacoma
Senator j Pug's t Sound...
Walla Wa11a. . . . Victoria & Pu*et Sound . .
Arcaia . ... Coos Bay... ....:.....
Crescent City.. Crescent Cltar..
Orizaba.. jHumooldt
Orecron... .. i Portland
Pomona [ San Diego
Allceßlanchard i Seattle
Homer j Humboldt.... .......... ...
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 10
May 1 )
May 10
May 10
May :o
May 1 1
May 11
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12 ;
May 13 !
May 13 j
May U
May 15 I
Commoia I Portiana I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Ftk Avr.'L I
•ATIOVi
SA ILS.
Orizaba.. ..IHumbolat
Columbia.. Portland
Acapulco.. Panama.
Homer I Newport... .
Gaelic 'China AJapan
Samoa | Humboldt —
City Puebla Vie & Per Sna
Santa Rosa SAn 1 hezo ...
Chlikat... iHumboldt
State of Cal Portland
Nortn Fork Humboldt ...
Coo* Bar.. Newport
Curacao . . . Mexico
Arcat;i Coon Bar
Oregron Portland
Pomona... San Dieero —
Walla Wlla ! Vie & Pirt Snl
| May S. 10 ah I
jMay 9. in am
I May y. 12 m
I Ma? '.•. i'aii
I May 10. 1 pm
May 11. 10 am
I May 11. 10 am
May 11. U am
May 11. 2 pm|
May 12. 10 am i
May 13. 9 am I
May 13. 9am
May li. .
May U. 12 M
May IS. LU am
May 15. 11 as.
ilttiy IK. io am
| Pier •..
tMor 12
PM S3
Plor 11
PM S3
Pier »
Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier li
I Pier )
Pier 11
Pier H
Pier IX
Pier IS
Pier 11
I Pier '.•
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer- j
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, May j
7, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of tne i
12nth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Gns-jnwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
■o.ss;jtant in Charge
SHIPPING IXTEI,L,IGEIVCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. May 7.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, 55*4. hours from '
Portland, via Astoria 3834 hours.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen 68 hours from
Puget Sound ports.
Stmr City of Topeka, Thompson, 74 hours
from Seattle.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 65 days from Balti
more, via Sand Point 28 days.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, 0 days from De
parture Bay.
Sehr Monterey, Beck, 18 hours from New I
Haven.
Sohr Corinthian, Korth, 18 hours from Bow
eni Landing.
Schr Joseph Russ, Peterson, 8 days from
Olympic.
Schr Neptune. Estvold, 22 hours from Usal.
Schr Twilight, Hansen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Marlon. Generaux, 8 days from Ever- j
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, 20 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 10 hours from
Fort Ross.
Schr Lyman D Foster, Killman, 8 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Saturday, May 7.
Ftmr Valencia, Humphreys, Seattle: Pacific
Steam Whaling Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Pei ...ins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall. Astoria; O R ft N
Co.
Fr bark Alice, Gosse, London; G W Mc-
Near.
Pehr Honolulu. Thonagel. Port Townsend;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Schr Uranus, Stengeland, codfishing; C J Jor-
SAILED.
■-...-. ■ .". Saturday, ■ May 7.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Townsend. . ■■- .•■•-.•• :, ■ ■ • ■■■.■■'■■
Br stmr. Venus,'* McGregor, Yokohama and
Hongkong.
Stmr Pomona, Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Arcata, • Reed, Coos Bay. , • / . :\., .*.;
Stmr ;- Valencia. Humphrey, Seattle.
Bark Kate Davenport. j Reynolds.
' Stmr Pomona, Debney. . San Diego.--- ..;.-- ■ .-•. ;
Sehr Mary Wlnkelman, Benneche, Port
Townsend.  . •
r Schr S Danielson. Kansen. \
-.'■ Schr Ocean ■> Spra- Ostlln. -■■■ .■
Schr Jennie Stella, Kreba. Grays Harbor. ■':
Schr - Defender, : Helllnjrsen, . Grays Harbor >
■ ' RETURNED.
v : ■ , ■ '.- ;\;'-:j a ,>--, ::^ ';■'■-■ •'■■'. ■ Saturday, May 7.;;
• Bchr Emm* Utter, Allen, hence May ;8, 1 for
WHlapa Harbor returned on account of carry.
ing away foresta- yesterday afternoon 10 mile,
NW of the lightship.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-May 7, » p. m.-Weatha,,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The John G North loads mdse for Honipt i.~
The Defender loads lumber at Gra>3 Harbor
for Hilo; Oceania Vance, lumber at Eureka for
Sydney: Lord Ripon. wheat at Tacoma for Eu-
MISCELLANEOUS..
QUEENSTOWN. May 6— Br ship Lord Wols*.
ly, previously" reported, was found by diver to
have two plates damaged on bottom; injurlM
I secured against leaking. Ship will proceed to
I Dunkirk.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEHALEM— Arrived May s— Schr Dalsji
! R Sai>ed h May for, Sa, Franc.^
I SAN PEDRO-Arrived May 7— Bktn Skagit,
from Port Gamble. _
Sailed Ma,v 7— Bktn Northwest, for Pug«t
""EUREKA- Arrived May 7-?tmr North Fork,
hence May 5: stmr Samoa, hence May 5.
COOP BAY-Arrived May 7— Stmr Empire,
i hence May 3. _ . T
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 7— Schr Laur»
Mar, for San Francisco. .,/-■
NEWPORT— Arrived May 7— Schr Mabel Gray
from Eureka. , „ ...
Sailed May 7— Schr Wm Renton. for Seattle.
POINT REYES— Passed May 7— Stmr Mineol*
from Port Los Angeles for Comox.
TACOMA— Sailed May 7— Stmr Lakme, fo»
San Francisco.
N'FWPORT— Arived May 7— Schr Eclipse, fm
Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May i— Br bark
Dominion, hence April 23.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 7— Stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro. _ _
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 7— Stm»
Alcatraz. for San Frajiclsco.
HUENEME— SaiIed May 7— Stm Westport. fo»
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May S— Stmr Progreso. fo«
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 7— Stmr Washtenai^
for Pan Francißco.
Arrived May 7— Bark Prussia.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May B— Stmr Fin*no*
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAVRE — Arrived May 7— Ger ship Moly**
mene, from Tacoma; Br ship Elllsland, heno«
I Pec 2.
| CARDlFF— Arrived May 6— Br ship Bardcywi*
from Oregon.
I BORDEAUX— Arrived May «— Br bark Dram*
craig, from Oregon.
HAVRE— Arrived May 6— Br ship Mlltiade*
■ from Oregon.
1 LEITH — Arrived May 6— Br ship Star at
i France, hence Dec "
! MONTEVIDEO— Arrived March 28 — Schr C«J*
rie and Annie, from Boston, for Seattle.
j DOVER— Passed May 6— Br ship Matterhor^
j from Shields for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed May 6— Br bark Dacca.
! for Havre: Br bark Ophelia, for Havre.
THE EFFECT OF
WAR ON VALUES.
History repeats Itself. What has happeneC
i In the past will happen again. This Is the op-
i portunity of a lifetime to make fortunes la;-
Wall street.
Write for our Daily Market Letter which will
| keep you fully advised on the situation free of
LAWRENCE & SIMONDS,
BANKERS AND BROKERS.
20-22 Broad St., New York.
MEMBERS OF THE CHICA&O BOARD OF TRADB, ;
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h- Steamers leave Broadway;
Tgifc_ wharf, San Francisco. . '
RSKsK-filk, For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. (
liPS3feBfc May l. 6, 11. 16, 21, 26. 31, Jun
■sKltElKa 5, transfer at Seattle.
' I llwlsi For Alaskan ports (from
i fiSHkoc^Hßl Folsom-slreet wharf), 10 a. m..
: i^^*s^^^«l May 18. June 5, 26, July 17,
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
~^ land. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns.
i end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
j New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., May 1, 8,
I II 16. 21 26, 31, June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C P Ry \
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
j May 2, 8, 14. 20. 26. June 1, and every slxtfc
' day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
i .Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
i Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
I Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25. 29, ..
! June 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For ■ San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
1 ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
am May 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. June i.
and every fourth day thereafter. *
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
I Cabo Mazatlan, Altnta, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
i lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 12.
! June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the. right to chanera
1 without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! ard hours of sailing-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery,
■ street (Palace Hoteß. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
. ,10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PQRTLA^ ID ;
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. !
CADE * 12 First Class Including Bert*.
rHnt. $8 Second Class and Meals. j
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon ...May S. 15, 24
Columbia May 9. 18, 27
State of California — ...May 12, 21, 3*
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all.
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap- 1
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent. i
630 Market st. I
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. J- rr ";!
Superintendents. ,
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES. v
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAM*.
TON. !
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.)
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags. I
Noordland May HlSouthwark.. May 29 '
Frlesland May 18 'Chester .....May 29
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL. ' I
•Steamers sail under Belgian Flag. j
Belgenland May 14|Pennland .......May 21
EMPIRE LINE.
\ TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELD9.
Steamers formerly employed in Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Con*« I
! pany and specially refitted for this service. »
I S. S. Ohio. 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 2V
S. S. Pennsylvania. 3500 tons, from Seattle i
I June 29.. '. „ M '
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City tag
Intermediate points. I
For passage and freight apply to i
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
■^MBfc. /winaMll The S. S. MARIPOSA'
gals via Honolulu and
ap & Auckland for Sydney i
PHUMIIft The S day - May at '
ntDHlLsans via Honolulu and
• »■»=■■• Auckland for Sydney
y ™^_^ Wednesday. May 18. at
Str^fnSnlD^ S ' s ZEALAJNTDIA.
«^S» f Q>ICOMI3MIL/ , for HONOLULU only!
. vviiij/vjjvq p. m special partyi
■ - ■ rates.; - .. ... '
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
, TOWN. South Africa. ;  • . • ,
I J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagn!e Generate Transatlantique.
; French Line to Havre.
1 Company's ; Pier *■ (new) 42 North j.^.^
River, foot of j Morton st. : Travelers 4?"*fl2r&
by this line avoid both ~ transit by ili'iffliiw,
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
i the channel in a small boat. ■■• New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160:
second class. $116. • -•• ■ >■■■ •-■ ■•■•.-■.
LA 80URG0GNE.... ;... ...... ..May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE .......May 14 10 a. ml
LA GASCOGNE May 21 10 £ nt i
LA CHAMPAGNE .... May 28 10 a. Nt •
LA BOURGOGNE [■^"."."."/.Jun'e T 10 £nt I
For further . particulars apply to '
° TIQuW-^Ag^ent GENERALE TRANSATLAN- '
TIQUE. Agent.
. _ _INo. 3 'Bowling Green. .>ew York.
Je. F Sa^n| SS l CO^ l^ t T g ,
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO. !
% J u^^ JftPttKt
Pri'd«« ' 8:1S p - m - (S:3O P- m - ex - Thurs.l i
sindava J p - »• and 8:30 »• nu
10: SO «• m - and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices-Mission Dock. Pier i. I
-•■'■- TeleJhone., Red 2241. {\^
TORSAMJOSE. LOSGATOSand SANTA CRU2 "
.v^J , iv r Alvlso ? leaves ' Pier 1 daily (Sunday*
Vtll l^l :at'lo *• m ; Alviso daily (Saturday*
excepted) at :5; p. m. ■-- Freight and passengers.
Fare between ; San t Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
l°w * 108 *' 175 c - *" CI> y street. Pier 1. 41 Nortt
I Vint itreet, San Jose.BOYS AND GIRLS PAGE.
CUBBY'S
REVENGE
BY MRS. W. F. PERRY,
east Oakland.
PAPA had met with great re
verses, then his health failed. He
collected together what little he
hud left and with mamma and
myself went to a far-away city
on the Pacific Coast in hopes to re
gain both health and fortune.
It was a hard struggle for awhile,
but papa had a brave heart and told
mamma "not to fear, for he was worth
a d'-zen dead men yet." So, although
we lived in the tiniest cottage, with no
carpets on the lloor, and mamma lent a
helping hand to earn our bread, we
were not discouraged.
I made many little acquaintances on
our street and one, Kitty Henderson,
became 'my dearest friend.
"Juliet Beetle's mamma," Kitty said,
"was the biggest bug in all the neigh
borhood. She had a suite of rooms
above the grocery store and carpets
and lace curtains and a piano." In
deed, she felt the importance of it all
and so dl 1 Juliet. '
X"xt to Mrs. Beetle Kitty's mamma
dressed better than any one else upon
our street. Juliet and Hitty were great
friends.
Mrs. Beetle and Mrs. Henderson were
very patronizing toward mamma, which
made her almost 1 ugh end cry together
— the thought of such a little handful
of stuff that one could buy making a
difference in one's standing.
I felt it keenly though and tried to
hen] my nride by lelling Kitty of the
fax grander things that we had once
possessed.
Kitty told the rest of the girls and.
although it gave me some importance,
yet as Juliet Beetle said, "Seeing was
believing."
Juliet Beetle's mamma gave her a
birthday party. While the plans were
going on the girls whisper< together
slyly and looked at me as though the
chief pleasure of it lay ' my not being
allowed to enjoy it with them.
What a great thin.- it did seem to me
to live over a grocery store, to have
carpets and lace curtains and all the
girls looking up to one.
Finally, one day, Kitty came rushing
In. "Marguerite! Marguerite!" she
cried. "You are going to the party."
I gasped for brc th. "Oh, did Juliet's
mamma say I was?"
"No." said Kitty, "not exactly, but
she told me I could bring some friend,
and I'm going to take you."
I danced with joy. Mamma looked a
little dubious, but Kitty and I overruled
her objections and she consented to let
me go.
ma T«.:,k one of my white frocks,
which I had worn in better days, and
tried to make it look presentable. It
was too short and small, but she
pieced it out ai ed up the places
With pome old lace. Then she tied
a pretty scarf about my waist, and
Kitty declared it looked '"just beauti
ful."
I kissed mamma, and hurried gaily
off; half worried though, by the tears
that gathered in her eyes.
Kitty, as Fhe explained to me, was
'•going to 1 ne of the chief mueke
mucks of .sinn." and so had
gone earlier than T.
I rang the bell and Juliet, arrayod
In her pretty dress, came to the door.
Sh-' looked me over with apparent ap
probation, then asked nu- to "wait
while she ran up and told mamma." I
heard pome of the pirls tittering at the
head of the stairs, and when Juli--; re
turned she had assumed a haughty lit
tle air, and said: "Mamma will not
DRESS PARADE AND REVIEW OF THE BUMPKINS AND THE EVER TUNEFUL AND ENTIRELY ORIGINAL " GOTE HILL BAND."
Edited by
DAVID H. WALKER.
let you come to my party. Your mother
— she does sewin~ you know."
I was so distressed and ashamed I
could not stir until Kitty came flying
down the stairs. She put her arm
around my neck and whispered: "I
think Juliet's ma is just as mean as
.she can be. I've a notion not to stay
myself, only we are having such a
good time, and the supper, oh, my, you
should see the nice things we are go
■ have. Toil won't be mad at me
if I stay, will you?"
I could not answer, but ran home to
mamma, trying as though my heart
would break, and mamma she cried
with me.
Well, during the next two years papa
made several lucky mining deals, and
our pecuniary troubles were ended. We
moved into a fine house on a better
street, and the girls — well, Juliet was
nowhere.
My birthday was at hand and papa
Bald I should have, and do, what I
liked on that day. I consulted with
Kitty r.hout a fine party, with lots of
ice-cream, cakes and candy, but she
"MY MAMMA WILL NOT LET YOU COME • TO MY PARTY."
said: "Oh, pshaw! That's is old. Juliet
i''--ile had that. Just let me plan.
Have your papa and mamma go with
us. Spend the forenoon upon the
beach: go to a nice hotel and have
evt-ry thing we want for lunch; visit the
park in the afternoon; eat a nice din
ner, and wind " -- ith the theater in
tli.- evening. What do you think of
that for a programme?"
It pleased me very much and then,
when papa and ti.nmma had approved,
hdw we girls < l i r 7 enjoy talking 1 about
it— all but Juliet Beetle; she was left
out, until one day, when I found her
crying over it, then I recalled my own
unha-iiness when I was excluded from
the pleasant conferences over her
party, and from the party, too.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
I ran home. "Mamma," I cried,
"would you like to make your daugh
ter very happy?"
"Can you doubt it, little girl?" she
sajd;
"Well, then, let us invite Juliet Bee
tle to enjoy my birthday with us."
Papa looked a little savage when
we first suggested it to him, but after a
while he seemed pleased and said:
"Well, Cubby, have it all your own
way."
HONORING THE FLAG.
BY OLIVE RIFFLE,
SAN FRANCISCO.
THERE are many ways of honoring
the flag, and if you canr.ot honor it
in all ways you can at least do
so in one, and that is to salute it,
cither by hand or lifting your hat
While passing by or when a national
hymn is sung. Another way is to pray
for it, and for the ships which sail, and
the men who fight under the stars and
stripes.
Why were the brave boys who left
Sa.n Francisco recently going to fight.
Was it not for the honor of America's
flag? Why was it that so many, eyes
were dim as the soldiers marched by,
was it not because so many would die,
dcing- their duty fur. the flag?
And as the colors In our flag are in
the sky above, and as the sky protects
tiie whole earth, so shall the American
flag protect "The land of the free and
the home of the brave."
Will not all the judges see to it that
their opinions are sent in as soon as
possible? To-day the children are un
able to say where victory perches,
whether upon the banner of the girls
or the boys. They are anxious to get
the verdict.
WIZARD'S
CAVERN
BY SUSIE WHEELER,
NEWVILLE, CAL.
SUE and John were visiting their
grandfatehr's last summer. Their
home was in the great city of
New York. Their father was a
rich merchant. Sue was 7
years old and John was 10 years
old. One day their father came home
and told them that they could go to see
their grandfather in the summer. They
were wild with excitement and could
hardly wait for summer. At last the
time came. Their mother had all their
clothes and toys packed two or three
days before. The next morning they
were put upon the truin with a servant
to take care of them. Every time they
passed a farm they asked their servant
if it was grandpa's piace. ,»
At night they took a stage to grand
pa's. Both of the children were asleep.
As they came near the house, Fido, a
large dog, commenced to bark. The
door was opened and grandpa came out.
He took the two children In his arms
and kissed them. Then he carried them
in the house and put them in bed.
In the morning Sue woke up John.
Just as the" dressed the servant came
in and said breakfast was ready. After
breakfast was over the children went
out to play. They picked flowers till
noon. In the afternoon they went to a
mountain. They climbed to the top,
after resting 1 two or three times. They
w*ere going home when they heard
something singing. They stopped and
listened. It seemed as if it came from
under their feet. They hurried to the
house as quick as they could.
By the time they reached the house it
was dark. They told their grand
father about the music they heard. He
smiled, and told them that he would
tell them a story after supper was over.
They all gathered around the fireplace.
"Well, once upon a time," began
grandpa, "a young man went hunting
upon this mountain, and when he was
about half way up the mountain he saw
a large buck runnl.ig. He shot, but he
misfied it. So he went after it. After
going about 100 yards he came to a
sin;! 11 opening, where he saw the buck
going into a cave.
"The youth was not going to be fooled
that easy after coming so far, so he fol
lowed the deer into the cave. When he
had gone abou' fifty steps he came into
a large room all lighted up, and off in
one corner he saw th» same buck he
had shot at a while back.
"It was playing on a harpsichord. As
soon as he saw the youth he sent a
servant to invite him in. The youth
started to run out of the rave, but the
buck played a tn-e that drew back the
youth. The servant motioned for him to
sit down. As poon as he sat ou the seat
he fell into a deep sleep. AnJ now when
people hear the music they say that
another person is being put to sleep."
TOM AND TERESA.
BY ALICE JOHNSON,
HAYWARDS.
TOM and Teresa were little or
phans. Their father died when
Tom was a baby, and their mother
had been dead a year. They lived
in a small house with only one
room, in it..
Teresa was eleven years old and
Tommy was only seven. As they lived
in the country Teresa could earn, as
small as she was, enough to feed and
clothe herself and Tommy by picking
fruit.
Every morning In summer you might
see two happy little children goirig to
Farmer Blair's big orchard with their
lunch pail. Tommy enjoyed himself
very much indeed as he went along.
He chased butterflies, picked flowers
and laughed and sang, while Teresa
walked behind more slowly.
She felt very happy to think that she
could work to keep her little brother
healthy and happy.
But something very sad happened.
The next winter there was very little
rain and very heavy frosts that killed
"WHEN HE WAS ABOUT HALF WAY HE HEARD A LARGE BUCK."
all the blossoms on the fruit trees. So
the next fruit season there was hardly
any fruit at all, and Teresa couldn't
earn much money for food or clothing.
She did the best she could, but it
seemed as if they would have to beg.
Teresa felt very badly- at the thought
of this, but begging they went.
You might see, by a large stone fence,
Teresa with her little hand held out
asking for pennies, and Tommy by her
with a basket on one arm and crying
and wiping his eyes on his sister's
dress with the other.
One morning as they were standing
tl ere Farmer Blair passed along and
was very much surprised. He asked
them how long they had been standing
that way, and Teresa told him, and he
took a child under each arm and car
ried them home to his wife saying,
"We have no children, so we might as
well have these."
His wife was very much pleased,
and so were Teresa and Tommy, for
they knew they had a good home.
A POPPY HUNT.
BY WALDRON W. ANDERSON.
Go to bed, my sleepy head.
Dream until the morning;
Slumber on till night is gone.
Till the day is dawning.
Waken then like other men.
Fresh as any rover
Bold and free, to follow me
Through the fields of clover.
Far away we'll roam to-day;
Every breeze that passes
Blows." I know, where poppies grow,
High among the grasses.
Bright and bold as yellow gold,
Soft as sunlight glancing,
Fresh and fair like sunbeams there
In the meadows dancing.
Rest we here till night is near,
Poppy breezes blowing,
Then away with poppies gay
Slowly homeward going.
CANDID
OPINIONS
WHEN our boys or girls really
exert themselves they are
to be taken seriously,
whether their energies take
the direction of story writ-
ing, basket-ball, football or
the gathering of knowledge. The judges
who were invited to decide which of the
specimen pages of The Call, one con
sisting of stories produced by the boys
and another page written by the girls,
was the better, all being connected
with educational work, have more than
others seen the necessity of care in
reaching judgment. As a consequence,
for this is the explanation furnished,
there are judges who are still deliberat
ing.
Below are submitted the opinions
so far as received. They may indicate
whether the victory lies with the boys
or with the girls. There were fifteen
judges. A majority must rule. Hence,
the winners need only eight votes, and
it is easy for the boys and girls to
count a conclusion in the matter. Still
is not considered best to comment upon
upon the opinions until they are all in.
It will be conceded that the judges are
most competent; that they have been
perfectly fair; that they are entitled to
and will certainly receive the thanks of
all the boys and girls for the time and
attention they have bestowed. Here are
the views of all the judges who have re
ported:
The girls' page
seems to me very
much better than
the boys'. It has
more variety, is
more elastic, more
SUPT. HYATT,
Riverside.
sympathetic in character.
The boys are only able to play upon one
string of the harp they have undertaken—
the girls bring out a fuller harmony by
striking many strings.
The boys have nothing but fights
against some physical foe — wildcats,
wolves, bears, explosives, Spaniards —
even the 6-year-old had a dog-fight!
Guns, pistols and powder are absolute
necessities to the boys.
But see how much more enters into the
girls' page. Besides the fights there are
spirits, witches, hobgoblins, love, court
ship, marriage, dreams, discovery of gold,
supernatural fish, stolen children and a
dozen ' other things. Undoubtedly the
girls have more ways to play upon the
harp of our sensibilities than the boys
have. Their language is better, too —
richer, more comprehensive.
I think these pages show that the fe
male sex is superior to the male in pow
ers of expression — and that it has there
fore a literary superiority. The same
thing shows all along the line of life.
Teachers know that it is easier to get a
"story" out of a little girl of S than a
buy of the same age. The girl of 12 or 16
is more expressive, more versatile than
her brother. If an old farmer and his
wife have occasion to relate a circum
stance, whicli is readier, more sympa
thetic, more detailed? Of course appar
ent exceptions can be shown in plenty
long special practice makes some males
highly expressive, more so than females
of the same age who have not had the
training. A difference, however, is nat
urally there, and it goes down deep into
the fiber of the race. Perhaps an ex
planation can be found in the different
qualities that have been demanded of the
sexes in order to preserve themselves dur
ing all the ages of the past, back even to
the time when man and woman huddled
in the caves of the mountains. To pre
serve himself and gain happiness man
must fight— fight off . enemies, fight for
food. To preserve herself and gain hap
piness woman must please — she must be
versatile, adaptable, expressive — if she
would escape misery or destruction she
must be able to play upon the sensibili
ties of the "tyrant man"— her relatives or
her captors. Hence the girls' page in Thdi
Call is better than the boys'.
To the intelligent admirer of children's
stories there is a charm and freshness, a
natural grace
and a delicacy
"of fancy un
known in the
adult writer.
Certainly noth
ing could be
more sweetly
SUPT. KATE AMES,
'•'■■•s•!>£'' County.
told than the
"New Master." In "A Wild Ride" the
dramatic incidents are caught and forci
bly expressed. "The Two Dreams" is ex
cellent in its way. "Sir Holland, " I
judge, was written by a child who has
passed the myth age. "Sydney's Nug
get" is well written and gives graphically
incidents of pioneer life and peril. "The
Bad Poodle" is exceedingly ridiculous and
' a good thing of its kind. The stories all
point pathetically to the shut-in life and
consequently limited vision of the .city
girl. They are her dreams — her day
dreams, as well as the sleeping one, with
a notable absence of the astonishing
activity ever manifest in living things,
that so thoroughly characterizes the boys'
storie6.
In turning to them we find t"hem char
acteristic of their sports. There is much
of the rollicking, happy-go-lucky spirit.
The spirit of adventure and danger which
our boys court, and wSeh goes far
toward the development of a brave, sturdy
manhood.
From the foolhardy ascent in the bal
loon, the wreck with its accompanying
danger, the spirit of adventure that
prompts the boy to go as a stowaway to
the Cuban port, the desire to prove to
the Indian as great bravery as he, him
self, possesses; the trip to the mountain
to prove to friends the ability to care for
himself, all depict the boy as he
actually lives, loves, hates, works and
plays.
But after all the brobdingnag, when
the danger comes and the trial, there is
the likeness to a woman — I do not mean
weakness, yet it is the weakness and
strength of humanity covered during the
danger by the spirit of "we must act."
"But when Tom was on the ground his
strength was all gone and he fainted."
"Bose received more hugs and his head
was patted more times than could be
counted when Frank saw him once more."
The peril on the mountain is not true.
There is a false idea of bravery that leads
to danger without sufficient cause. "I am
going over the cliff to find Bill." This is
true to the manhood of the boy, but later
it degenerates to mock heroism. They
risk danger for a bear— and a bear already
dead.
There is a ruggedness, a whole-souled
ness about the boys' stories, a -boldness of
imagination, a vision of life as they see
it. The vision of the girls is as clear and
as. cl^rly expressed, but it has been nar
rowed and cramped by their environment.
In The Call's Is
sue of April 17 the
boys presented a
page of creditable
stories, written
with an energy and
SUPT. HOWARD,
Sacramento.
vigor distinctly masculine. But a week
later a page was devoted to the girls'
stories, the merits of which I put down
as follows: First, variety of subject; sec
ond, distinct individuality in style; third,
attention to minor, descriptive details;
fourth better scholarship, as evinced by
attention to technical points allusions,
etc. In freshness and originality honors
are even. But the girls are the champions
if judgment be based on the important
point of literary superiority. The girla
work suggests something J^yond the
work of to-day— gives a promise of better
effort later, of broader sympathies. The
boys have set up limitations for them
selves in the shape of a narrowness of
scope, suggestive of one field of sym
pathy bounded by the machine shop, the
prairie, the fortress. There is sex in
taste more than in style.
Judging from the stories alone I find
no marked distinction in the ability of
our boys and
.girls as story
writers. There
are good
stories on each
page. There
is no literary
MRS. M. E. DITTMER,
Co. Supt, Shasta.
superiority in
sex among children or adults. The good
story writer is not inspired by genius,
but by hard work, and his ability de
pends upon the training he has had in
thought and expression. The ages of the
children writing the various stories
should be taken Into consideration. On
the whole, however, I believe the boys'
page is the more interesting.
The boy is father to the man and It is
quite as true that the girl is mother to
the woman. If
you doubt this
read the
stories written
by boys and
girls for the
Sunday Call.
The boys
GEO. M. ROBERTSON,
President Berkeley Boaro
of Education.
write stories of adventure and achieve
ment, concise and well expressed. If they
boast a little and make their heroes
achieve results incompatible with the
means at their command they share
this defect with their elders.
The girl writers on the contrary, when
they are not describing the dress of their
heroines or marrying them off in some
delightful way, lose themselves in idle
and fantastic dreams. These traits man
ifest themselves early and continue
through life. They are responsible for
much of the literary trash of the day.
My judgment is that the boys have
written better than the girls have and
I teH that it is not due to prejudice for
a young girl who herself writes stories
agrees with me, and in fact expressed
that .opinion before hearing my own
I was prepared to» find that the girls
were superior to the boys in this trial
of skill because I have thought that they
were more ptecoeious mentally, and I
have observed that in school, whero
memory plays an important part, they
accomplish equal results. But I see
plainly that they are always girls and
cannot escape from their limitation, and
however lovely they may be and are as
girls, as writers they have not done aa
well as the boys.
TIE DIS, TIE DAT.
BY MARY MACEY,
BERKELEY.
i "Tie dis, tie dat! Tie ev'y one o' dese!" *
Wee fingers aye a-doing, ne'er at ease
How inefficient when his will decrees
"Tie dis, tie dat!"
No spider ever spun a surer snare.
To trip and trap poor passers unaware,
Than he from table-leg to latch, to chair—
"Tie dis, tie dat!"
Silk strands with stoutest cord their
strength contrast:
The "last knot," seemingly, is never lost.
Yet in the tying draws our heart-strings
fast—
"Tie dis, tie dat!"
» ♦ ■
The rabbits at the head of this pag-e
have begun their career under exciting
conditions. War rages along the en
tire length of Knee Deep Creek and
from a purely naval engagement
which, last week, was bad for the
Spanish rabbits, progress has been
made to an attack upon a "land bat
tery' X of a somewhat unusual kind. The
trunk of the tree is bravely defended,
but the gallant bark Brer Uncle Sam
is powerful and has some new-fash
ioned appliances for warlike mischief.
Brer Uncle Sam is in luck so far.
3132
MORE EASTERN
GOLD-HUNTERS
A Party of Twenty-Five
From lowa Going to
Kotzebue Sound.
They Have Purchased and Are
Now Fitting Out the
Luisa D.
Tlioro Will Be Plenty of Steamers In
Port To-Morrow to Carry
Troops to Manila.
The sealing schooner Lulsa D has been
changed into a- passenger vessel and will
carry a party of gold hunters to Kotzebue
Sound. The expedition was organize* in
lowa, arid "the \ schooner was purchased
here by Captain Johnston. The party ar
rived from the East a couple of days ago,
and .the Luisa D is now being got ready
for the voyage as quickly as possible.
All the gold hunters are from Nevada
and DesMoines, : lowa, and while they
have : brought some necessary articles
with. them, nearly all their outfits will be
purchased here. Those who are going to
Kotzebue. on the schooner are: Messrs.
Stmser, Funson, Pool, Ash ford, A. W.
Jones, Fitzpatrlck, Sleover, Curl, Lyman,
J. B. Jones and wife, "W. Williams, Brick
er, R. Williams, Fish, Buckley. Gault,
Curtis, Rhodes, Montgomery, Redding,
Young, Beim, Dougherty and Dr. de
France.
Mrs. Jones is really on her honeymoon
trip, as she and her hußband were only
married a few days before they left the
Eaf»t. Her relatives wanted her to remain
behind, hut she insisted upon groing to
the gold fields, saying that she would fare
Just as well as her husband In the Arc
tic. Besides gold hunting. Dr. de France
will look out for the health of the party
and see to it that everybody returns able
to enjoy the fortune he expects to find.
A steam launch and three large boats
are now being built for the Luisa D expe
dition, and as soon as they are completed
a start will be made.
Should "ncle Sam require any vessels
to carry his troops and supplies to Ma
nila there will be plenty in port to pick
and choose from to-morrow. The Pacific
Mail Company's City of Peking can
be got ready in very short order, and if
■wanted it would not take long to put the
City of Sydney and San Jose in commis
sion. Both vessels will be due to-morrow
from Panama, the Sydney on her regular
lule time, hut the San Jose was not
looked for just yet a while. Besides these
the big colliers Progreso and Willamette
will be in port from Puget Sound, and it
would not take long to get them ready.
They are both good twelve-knot vessels,
and would make good carriers of food,
munitions of war and coal, or they could
be fitted out as troop ships. In any event
there will be lively times around the
Oceanic and Pacific Mail docks this week,
as It looks as though both the City of
Peking and Australia will be fitted out to
Manila.
George W. McNear was out ■with his
family in his new launch Port Costa yes
terday. She is a very handsome craft and
one of the fastest of her kind on the bay.
She is fitted with a gns ongine. and
as it drives her a good twelve knots an
hour Mr McNear Is perfectly satisfied.
The Port Costa will be used as a pleasure
1 ".it and also as a dispatch hoat between
San Francisco and Mr. McNear's ware
houses at Port Costa.
ler Klondike steamer arrived from
the Kast yesterday. Sho was formerly a
British vessel, but a large sum of money
was spent in repairing her by her Ameri
can owners, so she was put under the
stars and stripes as the L,eelanaw. After
discharging her cargo of coal the steamer
will be put i;i the St. Michael trade, but
should the occasion warrant she ■will also
me her voyages as far as the Ku-
I tick River roM fields. The Leelanaw
t * k sixty-five <;nys to come here from
Baltimore. i>ut considerable time was lost
in the Straits of Magellan.
The schooner Emma Utter bad to return
to port yesterday on nrrount of having
carried away hc-r forestay. She left here
on the 6th inst. for Willapa Bay, but was
caught in a g;i.le that was blowing out
side, and had to return on account of the
above accid> :;t.
Will Make a Technical Fight.
Ex-Ctty Treasurer A. C. Widber, who
embezzled $117,000 belonging to the city
and county, intends making a technical
fight, and when he was called in Judge
Cook's court yesterday to plead to the in
dictment tor embezzlement found against
him by the Grand Jury his attorney en
tered a demurrer to the indictment and
challenged the legality of the Grand Jury.
Judge Cook thereupon made an order di
recting the members of the Grand Jury
to appear before him next Wednesday to
be examined concerning their qualifica
tions to serve.
Violating the Eight-Hour Law.
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday held the John Kelso Company
and the San Francisco Bridge Company
for trial in the United States District
Court for violating the Federal eight-hour
law by working their men for ten hours
on April 18 on the site of the new Post
office building. The Kelso Company will
he tried on a similar charge on Friday
May 20.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffiOfii r *^D y Vn who would be
«|^sP^/ mf When the liver fails to
J§pK§fi*v I£§ do its regular work of filter-
|ji jpr ing this bilious poison out
■S ''* of the circulation, it goes on
/ p\&&f f poisoning the entire constitu-
/&/v tion just as surely as if a man
was drinking: prussic acid.
Every part of the body is polluted. The
digestive juices are suppressed and weak*
ened. The kidneys and skin are clogged
with impurities and the lungs and bronchial
tubes overloaded with morbid secretion
which eat away the delicate tissue, and
bring about bronchitis and consumption.
All the diseases caused by this subtle pro-
cess of bilious poisoning are cured by the
marvelous alterative action of Dr. Pierce'a
Golden Medical Discovery, It directly in-
creases the liver's natural excretive and
purifying powers ; wives the digestive and
blood-making organs power to manufacture
an abundance of red, rich, healthy blood.
It drives out all impurities, and vitalizes
the circulation with the life-giving elements
which restore perfect nutrition, solid mus-
cular power, and healthy nerve-force.
"In August 1895, 1 was taken down in bed with
a burning and severe pains in my stomach and
under my shoulders, and dizziness in my head,"
writes Ira D. Herring, Esq., of Needmore, Levy
Co., Fla. "My home physician was called and he
said my symptoms were more like consumption
than anything else. I lingered in this way seven
months trying different kinds of medicine. Noth-
ing that I ate would digest, and I had great dis-
tress in my stomach. I was persuaded to try come
of Dr. Pierces remedies or to see what he thought
of my case. I wrote him and received an answer
stating that my suffering was from indigestion
. and torpid ■ liver, and advising me to take Dr.
Fierce's Golden Medical Discovery. The first
bottle gave pleasing results. I have taken four
bottles of the 'Golden Medical Discovery' and
three small vials of the Pleasant Pellets/ lam
able to do my work and eat what I could a«t
before I tggk^hjse »edi/*nes. ' - -■<.• v - ■■•--•
— ' :' -■ -'' ■
e.HAi.g& . .j j
®© ® ® ® ® ®'® ® ®® ® ® ® ®
® WEATHER REPORT— Fair Sunday;
® brisk westerly wind.
® . —
® We close at 6 every day, Saturday* In-
~? eluded. Six brothers . operate 6 6tores
® all buy and sell for spot cash.
® Ladies' parlor, and maid In attendance,
® for the comfort of our patrons. ; ■>■■'. ■''
®
® Ask your friends out of the city to write
® us for patterns. ■'.'•
i Interesting
I '. For • ;
i Hubby j>r Son!
® GENTS' NECKTIES, four-in-hand shape, !
® fine quality silk, light and dark colors, j
0 regular value 26c.
® Special Price 15c Each
®
® GENTS* 4-PLT LINEN COLLARS.
/y> guaranteed 2100 pure linen, in all the ,
popular shapes, turndown or standing.
| Price 10c Each
® —
® GENTS' BLACK COTTON SEAMLESS
X SOCKS, good heavy quality, fa«t color,
•' spliced heels and toes.
| Special Price lie Pair
% GENTS' BALBRIGGAN UNDERWEAR,
® fine quality, summer weight, shirts
® French neck, bound front, drawers to
*r match.
| Price 25c Garment
® —
r\ GENTS' SUMMER WEIGHT WOOL UN-
W PERWEA-R, fine quality, shirts silk
(•) bound neck and front, drawers to match.
® Price 50c Garment
®
® GENTS' UNLAUNDERED WHITE
® SHIRTS, made of good heavy muslin,
reinforced back and front, continuous
'* seams, 4-ply linen bosom, linen cuff
® bands, regular value 50c.
® Special Price 39c
®
i Millinery Dep't
(Aisle No. 4 entrance in new annex).
® Our millinery department has been from '•
r^ Its very Inception a success. MISS
® RYAN, late of La Vake, Brett & Co.. of
(J) New York, Is at Its head, and MISS IDA
X KIRCHNER the leading trimmer, We
® place on exhibition Monday the newest
d\ creations in Shepherdesses, leghorn pic-
w ture hats, and children" Normandie bon-
® nets. We wish our millinery department to
r^ leave a pleasant memory In every vlsi- :
* tor's mind. Anything we sell shall be not
(•) only artistically perfect but moderate in
© prlCe - i g
® Stamped and Pieced
I Tinware.
® (In the new bazaar in basement of new
0 annex.)
® LIPPED SAUCEPAN: 8 quarts 12c |
(•) PRESERVING KETTLE; 4 quarts .....10c i
X PRESERVING KETTLE; 6 quarts 12c
® PIE PLATES; 8 Inches 2c j
(?) • DAIRY PAN; 3 quarts 3c \
DEEP PAN; 2 quarts 3c ;
® WASH BASIN; 10 inches Sc
f?. WASH BASIN; HVi inches 6c \
w COFFEE POT: 6 quarts 10c
(») DRINKING CUP: 1 pint 2c
X BOSTON MILK CAN; 4 quarts ........16c
® WATER PAIL: 8 quarts (a great item for
(i) housekeepers); note the price 6o
X TURK'S HEAD 9-INCH CAKE TIN;
® tubed; a great item for cook 10c
O) FLOUR SIFTER; 12H inches; cloth wire
KJ bottom; pan shape 10c
®
e®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® s
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Old Tuolumne Stands
Forth With aGreat Rec
ord for the Year.
Caminetti Law Set on a Firm
Foundation by the U. S.
Court of Appeals.
The statistics of the gold product of
California in 1897, published last week,
display Tuolumne County making the
most rapid strides in the way of in
creased production. Its product of $1,809,
572 is an increase of $739,430 over 1896, and
jumps old Tuolumne from seventh to sec
ond place in rank. Nevada remains the
banner county, with a record of $2,380,756,
in spite of the fact that this shows a de
crease of nearly $500,000. Fresno County
increased its small output more than half,
and Kern shows -an increase of more than
25 per cent. The $37,392 to the credit of
Stanislaus is an increase of 124 per cent.
The other counties showing increased pro
duction are: Humboldt, Lassen, Los An
geles, Mariposa, Mono, San Bernardino,
San Diego. With the exception of Tuo
lumne and Kern, all the counties which
are the heaviest producers show a de
crease. This is mainly due to the lack of
water last season, but possibly it may be
in some degree due, as far as the figures
go, to an increase in conservatism In
making up the estimate.
The decision of the United States Court
of Appeals last week in affirming the de
cision of Judge Ross in the case of the
North Bloomfleld Gravel Mining Company
vs. the United States, upholding and de
ciding the constitutionality of the Caml
netti act, is of exceptional importance to
the hydraulic mining industry- The origi
nal Sawyer decision, which paralyzed hy
draulic mining, was based on common law
grounds only. The North Bloomfleld
Company voluntarily built a restraining
dam before the Caminetti bill was passed,
and resumed operations, as they had a
right to do. in the absence of statutory
regulations, as long as they were not
putting debris in the streams. The Cami
netti act came along with Its prohibition
of hydraulic mining on the watersheds
of the navigable streams of this State
unless a permit was first secured from
Federal engineers composing the Califor
nia Debris Commission. The company re
fused to apply for a permit, holding to a
right to operate as they were doing, as
no damage was resulting. There seemed
no doubt that a permit would have been
readily granted if applied for, as the
company's restraining works were large
and efficient. The fight was one of legal
principle. The court finds that the act is
mandatory and constitutional and that a
permit ia an essential condition of opera
tions. This completely establishes the
jurisdiction of the engineers over all hy
draulic mining in these watersheds.
Tuolumne County's Mineral Wealth, a
bright and newßy publication Issued
monthly at Sonora, includes this in its
latest issue:
"You can call it a boom or anything else
you please, but the fact remains that
Tuolumne County is experiencing a re
awakening that reminds the old settler of
another time. On© has not to seek far
to find these evidences of renewed pros
perity. It is to be found In the sharp de
mand for mining property all over the
county, and the enormous Increase in de
velopment work going on all about us. It
is also apparent enough to the person
not immediately concerned in financial
schemes. Look at any of the small towns
that rose like magic in early days and
th*n steadily declined up to a short time
since. A new life seems to have entered
these unpretentious burgs. In several
places wnere, two years ago, three or
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1898.
6 HALES. ( SHALE'S. _J SHALE'S. L^^^-^C^— J  - -
•) ®®®v® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®® ® © ®®®® ® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ®.® ®. ®.®
/?~\/?^^ 0^ 0- |H lDit/1 Ls /
The store that persistently ftrows— whose policy also Is a persistent one— becomes widely known for its persistency; and when it sells £ood ft**?* 18 ' ■"**
those goods become known (for instance) in a community as " Hale's ftoods," there is still more reason to suppose that there is more than usual m 5m 5 r '£ n '" _ "°
ftoods handled; and the meritorious goods backed up by a system of spot cash and one price to all will endear such a store to the great ma® B , °* ®"° i „♦
The six huge stores conducted by the six Hale brothers are conducted on the persistent plan of buying , and selling for spot cash-good £oods £f lf' 1*"1 * " at
lowest possible profit— for the nimble dime instead of the slow dollar, and on these lines Hale's have grown, are growing, and the ban Francisco »«jj-o
is emblematic of Hale's progress.
It's a Victory for Spot Cash— One Price— No Discounts.
Cloak Department.
(Aisle No. 8, rear of new annex.)
With the enlarged department we nave In-
creased our stook, added fitting rooms and al-
teration department; everything to make cloak
buying a pleasure; the following Items are on
•••ale Monday:
LADIES' BLACK BROCADED GROS GRAIN
SILK SKIRTS— BIack satin figure, lined
throuphout with peroaline and bound with
' velvet (a graceful hang to the skirt).
Unit's Price, 55.00
LADIES 1 BROWN AND NAVY BLUE CLOTH
6UlT9— Blouse effect. 6 buttons in front,
trimmed with soutache braid, skirt lined
with percallne and bound with velvet, sizes
34 to 42.
Hale's Price, $7.50
SEE OUR FANCY BELTS.
LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SATIN CAPE,
chiffon and buckle trimming, black Rhadame
lined, sizes 34 to 42.
Hale's Price, $6.00
BEE OUR SEPARATE SKIRTS.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED ALPACA
SKIRTS, lined with percallne and bound
with velvet.
Hale's Price, $3.50
SEE OUR FANCY NECKWEAR.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS— Made of fine quality
Japanese silk, shirt waist style, linen col-
lar with plait down front, edged with knife
plaiting, In black, blue and green, sizes 34
to 42.
Price $3.50
Fancy Department.
(Rear of second aisle, main entrance.)
75 CUSHION TOPS. duck, In white and ecru,
22 inches square, beautifully tinted and
stamped exclusively for us with the follow-
ing designs: California poppies, pansles, wild
roses, autumnal leaves, chrysanthemums and
scrolls.
Price, 12% cents
(SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.)
New line of gun metal and gold belts Just in,
27 dozen SATTN GORED BELT HOSE SUP-
PORTERS, with button clasp, colors black,
orange, blue, pink and red ; pair
Price, I2 !^ Cents
CANVAS BELTS, 2H inches of white canvas,
a la mllltalre, fancy buckles; regularly sold
and worth 15c.
9 Cents
BLACK JET PINS, assorted, regularly Ec box,
now
;>S Cents
SKIRT BINDING, corduroy, I>4 inches wide,
colors black, green, red, brown, tan.
314 Cents Yard
WHITE BASTING COTTON, 1 dosen spools
for
5 Cents
ALUMINUM THIMBLES, each
2 Cents
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST PROGRESSIVE DRY GOODS HOUSE.
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET, S. F.
SIX STORES IN SIX CITIES OPERATED BY SIX HALE BROTHERS.
)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@ ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
four houses stood to tell the story of
former habitation and prosperity, pretty
villages have sprung up and building is
going on apace.
"The renowned Dead Horse mine, the
deepest and one of the best paying prop
erties in Tuolumne County, keeps forty
men steadily employed. A few weeks
hence the 1500-foot level win have been
reached, when drifting will begin. The
main shaft is down nearly 1700 feet. The
Dead Horse is owned by Alvinza Hay
ward and the Hobart estate. J. Davis,
formerly of Jackson, Amador County, Is
the superintendent."
There is considerable mmmg 1 being done '
on Silver Fork at present. A. Baumhoff
tells us that the miners there are taking
out gravel from the river bed that pros- •
pects 8 cents to the pan. They expect to
find some fine diggings when the water
gets lower. — El Dorado Republican.
A gopher the other day dug a hole
through the Champion Mining Company's
dam in Nevada County :uid started a
break which washed out the dam, with
a loss of $1000 and a temporary suspen
sion of milliner.
The serious encroachments of the pres
ent bad season are now becoming decid
ly apparent in Trinity County mines. In
the vicinity of Junction City. Trinity's
banner placer camp, only the French
mines are operating and they are suf
fering seriously from the short supply.
The Haas mines, which usually cease
operations in July, are making their final |
clean-up three months earlier this season; !
the Chapman & Fisher mines have closed
down, as also numerous other proper-
I ties. The season has been a heavy dis
i appointment.— Redding Searchlight.
The Chloride-Bailey mine near Dedriek,
: being developed by outside capital, is paid
: to present a very encouraging appe-ar
ance, both the shaft and tunnel expos
. ing a ledge that Is far beyond expecta
1 tions. Homer Wilson of San Francisco
: and J. W. Wingate of Boston are Inter
ested in the purchase. The sum of $'>bOO
; was paid down February 10. and another
i payment of $10,000 is to be made on June
| 10.— Redding Searchlight.
The Standard Consolidated mine at Bo
die now employs 108 men and mills about
I 275 tons of ore per week. Drifts, crojs
cuts and upraises are being rapidly
driven.
John Daggett Intends starting up the
I Black Bear mill at Salmon River, Siskiyou
j County, shortly, in crushing quartz taken
I out during the past winter.
The Yreka Company, engaged in run
ning a tunnel through the Humbug
range west of Yreka, from Humbug
Gulch, under supervision of Tim Aus:in,
find larger stringers of quartz with in
dications of striking a good quartz ledge
before long. The tunnel is in over 350
feet, and the work is progressing more
rapidly now, on account of the rock be
ing softer than at the beginning.— Yreka
Journal.
C. A. and J. M. Wanga.man, owners of
the well known Mayflower and other
mines of Greenhorn district. Kern Coun
ty, brought in by wagon yesterday twen
ty-one pounds of goid bullion from the
Mayflower, valued at $4400. It was taken
from the north side of the claim at the
200 level, and went $46 to the ton. In con
versation with a Mirror representative, J.
M. Wangaman stated that they have re
cently struck $60 ore in the same shaft,
and that it is improving tn quality as
greater depth is attained.— Bakersfield
Mirror.
A man is getting rich at working w-ith
a cyanide plant a mountain of old tail
ings near Yuma, which many experts said
could not be worked at a profit. The la
test account is this from, the Yuma Sun:
'•The tailing pond of the old Cargo Mu
chaco mine in San Diego County, which
William D. Luce, the well-known assay
er bought for a royalty of 10 cents per
ton from Hiram W. Blaisdell of this
place, is proving a rich investment for
the deserving man who had the courage
to back his judgment and tests in the
face of repeated discouragements from
able mining men who had had experience
In the Cargo Muchacho. There are about
100.000 tons of tailings and they contain
about $2 in gold per ton. The present
plant enables the working of one hundred
tond per day."
The owners of the Alice mine south
west of Winchester, Messrs. L. M. and
DRESS DEPARTMENT.
lAISLE NO. 1 MAIN ENTRANCE.)
We Show~To=Day:
FANCY JACQUARDS 38 Inches wide, in two styles, newest spring colors, blue, sapphire,
green, brown, etc.
7Sc Yard
FRENCH TWILL COVERT SUTTTNQS--(Specially adapted for tailor made costumes), 45
Inches wide in new marines, greens modes, browns, etc.
$1.2S Yard
NAVY SERGE In heavy diagonal effects, (specially suitable for seaside wear), 49 ln&hes
wide; usual value 75c.
Speclal-sOc Yard
FRENCH CHALLIES— I3 fleslrna In light and dark colored grounds, exquisite floral effects
(se« counter display).
SOc Yard
Special display of Imported French black grenadines, 42 and 46 inches wide, this sea-
son has produced unusually attractive designs in black goods, and in consequence black
dress goods have been and are worn in conformity with dictates of fashion. The prices on
these new goods range from $1 to $2 76 a yard.
BLACK BROCADED GROS GRAIN SILK— 22 Inches wide, specially adapted for separate
skirts and costumes.
(Samples sent free from onr mail order department.)
BLACK BAYADERE SlLKS— Patterns so strange and indistinguished by running straight
across goods extremely fashionable for separate skirts.
Yard
TAFFETA SILKS 19 inches wide, in plain colors and changeable effects.
BSc Yard
BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE SILKS— 23 inches wide. 75c: 14 inches wide. $1; richer designs
&1.25 Yard
OF INTEREST TO LADIES.
Fortunately for our customers and fashion followers generally we have secured the right to
retail the famous T'-CaJl Press Patterns at 10c and 15c each. A complete assortment of
these patterns arrived Friday morning, and will be ready and on sale to-morrow. Styles be-
ing shown are direct from London. Paris. Berlin, and other fashion centers of the world.
In order to introduce thes<- patterns we have made arrangements with the manufacturer
to supply our customers with McCall's Magazine, a beautifully illustrated monthly of; forty
pages, treating of fashions, home literature, household hints, fancy work, current topics,
and popular fiction. _
To any lady purchasing a 15c pattern this magazine will be sent for 15c a year (which sum
is merely charged to pay postage and mailing expenses). Addresses will he accepted af our
counter every day this week. Write for patterns and further information regarding magazine
if you live out of town.
vTr°ds RIBBONS FANCY
(On sale Monday, 8 a. m., in aisle No. 2. main entrance.)
Within the memory of even the eldest dry goods merchant never was there such a year
(or a season) for fancy ribbons as IR9S. The hat. waist, corsage, parasol, under and over-
wear are exuberant with a display of ribbons unique in character, Incomparable in beauty.
Fashion wills it and femininity obeys gladly.
(The Ribbons on sale below are about half their regular value.)
1300 YARDS ROMAN BAYADERE AND BORDER STRIPES. PLAIDS AND CHECKri,
3H to 5H inches wide, worthy the attention of those who trim their own millinery and
make their own sashes; good value at 25c.
SpeclaHSc Yard
ISOO YARDS LATEST WKAVES IN BAYADERE AND ROMAN STRIPES, PLAIDS AND
CHECKS of all descriptions, a vision in colors, ribbons 3^ to 6^4 Inches wide; regularly
Speclal-25c Yard
900 YARDS CHOICE WEAVF.S OF REAL REP BAYADERE AND ROMAN STRIPES,
PLAIDS CHECKS AND DOUBLE-FACE SATIN SASH RlBBONS— Various ribbons In
varying qualities, a few worth as high as *1 per yard, more of them usually 60c, all of
them now put in special at
-4-Qc Yard
(SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.)
H. D. Wilson and Fred Hook, have asso
ciated with them several Influential Los
Angeles men of capital, and active work
at the mine may begin before long, says
the Winchester Recorder.
The first cleanup at the new stamp mill
at the Leon mine took place Monday, and
furnished another proof of the richness of
the mine. The owners are very well
pleased with the result.— Riverside Press.
The mine in the middle of the sidewalk
on Butte avenue, Randsburg. owned by
A. Anderson, Julius Goldsmith. C. A.
Fowler and K. Callahan, is showing up
better all the time. The shaft is down
forty feet. Three tons of ore milled at
Cuddyback gave seven ounces of gold,
and another mill run Is about ready. This
will make the third rich run.— Johannes-
burg Rand.
The Iron Mountain section of the desert
has never had so many miners and pros
pectors at work as at the present time,
and development work will be carried on
in many of the mines throughout the
gummer regardless of the hot weather.
The Sonora Democrat says: A com
pany has at last secured control of the
famous Mazeppa mine on the mother
lode. The property Is the south extension
of the rich Jumper, near Stent, and is
held high in the estimation of all mining
men. The mine was owned by Judge W.
N. Harris, and many efforts have been
made in the past few years to buy, bond
or lease It. One offer of $100,000 in cash
was refused without a moment's hesita
tion. The new company is hearted by
Dew R. Oliver of Stockton and includes
Thomas A. Hender of Sonora, W. H.
Straub of Stockton, David R. Oliver of
Sonora and George L. North of San Fran
cisco.
A new mining company has recently
been organized in Los Angeles to develop
a mining property along the Colorado
River in Arizona, about seventy miles be
low the Needles, at a point known as
Giers Landing.
There are six men who care very little
for the excitement and boom of the Yu
kon. They have a prospect twenty miles
north of Daggett, from which they have
brought In samples of rock assaying as
high as $917. There have been over sev
enty assays made that have run from $5
to $917 to the ton. One mill run of fifty
pounds of ore netted $16 32. They have a
ledge from five to fifteen feet in thick
ness, and are down only eighty feet.
Some of the rock, to use a miner's ex
pression, was "lousy with gold." This
property is causing considerable excite
ment in the locality known as Paradise
Springs. One of the fortunate men is W.
J. Beamer of San Bernardino, the other
five being Orin Staples, Y. P., Dan and
Feliz Pricarde and C. L. Lozano of Vic
tor.—San Bernardino Times-Index.
It la reported that an exceptionally rich
strike of copper has just been made on
the property of the Inyo Mining Com
pany, 144 miles north of Inyo. The; strike
was made on the 700 level. Besides the
copper, gold, silver and lead ores are now
being taken from this property in pay
ing quantities. It is also reported that
a smelter is now being put in, which will
add materially to the output, as hereto
fore all the "ore was shipped either to
Denver or San Francisco to be smelted.
Owing to the recent copper finds addi
tional mechanism for smelting that ore
will be put in, and within three weeks the
smelter will be in operation.
S. W. Ferguson and A. A. Westoll. two
San Francisco mining men, were out with
C. L. Mangum this week looking at some
placer mines on the Applegate.— Oregon
Mining Journal.
One of the most healthy of all busi
m-pscs to-day is probably that of copper
production. 'The United States produces
fiO per cent of all the copper of the world.
All the American mines were operated
uninterruptedly last year. Employes
worked ©very day at fair wages, and the
mines paid satisfactory dividends. Tne
consumption of copper increases much
more rapidly than the production, and an
actual scarcity of the metal is a not very
remote possibility. The American output
for IW7 Is estimated at 214,000 tons.—
American Machinist.
The great force of the water Issuing
from the nozzle of a monitor used in hy
draulicking was fearfully illustrated in
Placer County, California, last week. T.
H. Hobson, while piping at the Horse
shoe Bar mine, on the American River,
below Michigan Bluff, lost control of the
monitor and was thrown some distance.
He attempted to rise and the stream of
water struck him In the back, killing him
instantly.— Mining and Scientific Press.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
DID NOT LEARN
OUR LANGUAGE
Jose Jacue, a Basque From
Spain, Was Denied
Naturalization.
Had Been in California Eigh
teen Years and Spoke Only
the Spanish Tongue.
Judga Do Haven Did Not Think That
the Man Would Make a Good
Yankee and Rejected Him.
Since Admiral Dewey succeeded In
knocking the enchiladas out of the Span
ish at Manila the subjects of the Queen
1-rgent are in disfavor with Uncle Sam,
but this feeling did not influence United
States District Judge de Haven in the
least when he yesterday refused to make
a citizen of Jose Jacue, a native of the
Basque province of Spain.
The Basques are the most Intelligent,
shrewd and independent of the Spanish
race. They are naturally a business peo-
ple, and nearly all the commerce of that
country is in their hands. Of this thrifty
and enterprising race Is Jose Jacue, one
of the best known traders In wool in this
State. Mr. Jacue came to California in
1880, and six years later took out his pa
pers of declaration of Intention to become
a citizen of the United States. Yesterday
he appeared in the District Court to apply
for full citizenship and to forswear all
allegiance to the Queen Regent or the
King of Spain. His sponsors were C. M.
Vergiz and George C. Alferitz, both of
this city. The sponsors are Basques and
are citizens of the United States, Mr. Al
feritz being a member of the well-known
and responsible firm of Dellepiane & Co.
of San Francisco. They told the court
that since the beginning of war between
the United States and Spain they had
conversed on the matter with Jacue and
found that his sympathies were on the
side of the United States and against
Spain, and that they were confident that
he would make a good Yankee.
Mr. Jacue was represented to be an ex
tensive wool buyer traveling all through
the State in the pursuit of his business,
and bears an excellent reputation for
truth and veracity.
Up to this point everything had gone
on well for the applicant, but there was a
change as soon as Deputy United States
Attorney Schlesinger proceeded to ques
tion him. At the first question Jacue
turned to his Basque sponsors and in
Spanish asked them to translate the
question for him. He admitted that al
though he had been a resident of this
State for eighteen years he had not
learned the English language, which by
universal consent is spoken at Washing
ton and elsewhere in the United Staves
So far as English was concerned it was a
case of "no sabe" with Mr. Jacue.
Mr. Schlesinger glanced at Judge de
Haven and the Judge returned the glance
and remarked that he did not think that
a man who had lived for eighteen years
in California, where the English language
is spoken in its purity, and had not taken
the trouble to learn it, was a fit subject
for citizenship, and denied the applica
tion.
Mr. Jacue and his friends were very
Domestic Dept.
(Aisle No. 8.)
Nine Specials for May 9.
NEW ORGANDIES— White grounds— floral pat-
terns—rich goods— 3l Inches wide— (samples
I2K Cents Yard
LAPPET WASH GOODS— over forty Pa-"*" 1 *"
one of the most seasonable goods for the sea-
10 Cents Yard
SPECIAL LINE OF ORGANDIES-28 inches
wide In plaids— crisa cross over plaids, ana
floral effect*- Yard
100 PIECES DlMlTlES— plaids and email floral
effectß-5 patterns— one of the great specials
of this day's advertising—
5 Cents Yard
8 CASES 86-INCH WIDE PERCALES, light
and medium colorß— usually 8 l-3c —
5 Cents Yard
HUCK TOWELS. 18x36, all pure linen, fringed,
colored borders— good for boarding-houses,
hotels, seaside cottages and camp life —
9 Cents Each
BLEACHED MUPLIN, 3« inches wide; it rauft
be below regular value when we say 2o
yards for $1— „
4 Cents Yard
WHITE CROCHET BED SPREADS— fuII size,
good heavy quality— hemmed ready fr>r use —
you'll need one for your vacation spread—
75 Cents Each
MARSEILLES BED SPREAD, full size, genu-
ine Marseilles weave, well woven, hemmed
for use ~ 81.50
Hosiery Department.
'Aisle No. 2.)
LADIES' BLACK COTTON SEAMLESS
HOSE— heavy quality— spliced heels, double
sole and toe- prfce> ,0, 0 Cefltg p a|r
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, German
make— Hermsdorft dye— made of fine maco
cotton, high spliced heels, double sale ana
Price, 16% Cents Pair
LADIES 1 BLACK LISLE HOPE, plain or
Richelieu ribbed— extra fine quality— spliced
heels and toes—
Price, 25 Cents Pair
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE. Herms-
dorff dye, made of fine maro cotton, spun
silk finish, all black, blaok with white split
foot or all white foot, and all the new shades
of tan; all have hieh spliced heels, double
soles and toes— __. - _ ,
Price, 25 Cents Pair
LADIES 1 FANCY FRENCH LISLE HOSE,
black boots with f»ncy striped top in all the
new colorings, spliced heels and toea—
Price, 33*: and 50c Pair
much disappointed, arid went away with
the intention of remedying the defect as
soon as possible.
IKELAND AND AMEBICA.
The Monitor Emphasizes the Ji'act
That Catholics of the Emerald
Isle Are Against Spain.
The Catholic organ of this city, the
Monitor, publishes an editorial on "Ire
land and the United States." The publi
cation is occasioned by a dispatch from
London, recently printed, setting forth
that the Catholics of Ireland are favor
able to Spain. That the allegation of the
dispatch was untrue there was no reasor
to doubt, as The Call explained editori
ally next day. The Monitor enlarges
upbn this idea and sustains its position
by an array of facts.
"It is." says The Monitor, "the same old
calumny which has been tramping around
the globe for ages that Catholics cannot
be loyal, cannot be patriotic, cannot be
grateful. The dispatch contains a tissue
of lies. It is a lie from beginning to end
sd far as it deals with Catholic Ireland.
The sympathy of every Irish Nationalist,
and the Irish Nationalists are mainly
Catholic, is with every nation struggling
to be free or waging the battle of lib
erty."
Proceeding, the Monitor cites the
actions of the two Nationalist parties
among the Irish members of Parliament,
thus letting "Catholic Ireland speak for
itself." At a meeting held April 25. and
presided over by John Dillon, the head of
the body, the following was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That the Irish National Parlia
mentary party hereby tender Its warmest sym
pathy anri good wishes to the Government and
people of the United States In their humane
efforts to liberate the people of Cuba.
The Redmondlte party has also placed
itself on record thus:
LONDON. May 2.— The Parnellite members
of Parliament have sent the following dispatch
to President McKinley: "In the names of
millions of Irishmen, the Parnellite members
of the House of Commons send their congratu
lations on the brilliant victory of the Amer
ican fleet. JOHN REDMOND "
TEACHERS COMPARE NOTES.
Annual Meeting of the Annuity and
Retirement Fund — Re-election
of Miss Manning.
The annual meeting of the Teachers*
Annuity and Retirement Fund wag held
in the Auditorium of the Girls' High
School yesterday morning. R. H. Web
ster presiding and C. W. Mark acting as
secretary.
The principal, business of Importance
transacted was the presentation of the
report of the secretary' of the association,
which was adopted, and is as follows:
Number of teachers contributing one uol
lar per month. 787: number of teachers
contributing ttfty cents per month, 103;
annuities, 13. The total amount of re
ceipts from all sources. $16,799 55; disburse
ments, $6884 73; leaving a balance of $10.
314 82. Of this amount $2638 22 belongs to
the permanent fund and $5276 60 to the
annuity fund. The unpaid charges against
the annuity fund Is $1880 35, thus leaving
a net balance in that fund of $6396 35.
After the adoption of the secretary's re
port the association proceeded to the elec
tion of a director In place of Miss Man
ning, whose term expired. Miss Manning
was. however, unanimously elected to
succeed herself.
Park Music To-Day.
To-day the Park Band will render the
following programme:
Marrh, "Golden Jubilee" McCoy
Overture. "Rienzf ' Wagner
Mexican dance, "Juego de Panueloa" ... McCoy
Selection, "Marltana" Wallace
Descriptive, "Battle Scene" Hartman
Scenes from "Macbeth" ST.!
Serenade for horn and flute • — Tltl
Horn. E. Schlott; flute, A. Lombardero.
Waltz. "Vienna Maidens" Ze *™rf r
American patriotic airs ....Catlln
March. "Pride of the American Navy,
Oregon" Major C. Hunt
Injured by a Cave-In.
Martin Petrie, a coal miner, commenced
| 6 HALES.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@3
Our Mail Order Department will send ®
our new Illustrated Catalogue and Patterns
free.- It's always good policy to write for «>
advertised goods early. ; r- ; . ®
New Muslin Underwear Just In. ' ®
— — i ®
Last week we had a heavy. sale of White ®
Skirts. > '" ®
. ®
Ask to see the Cresco Corset, and fh q
them in our new fitting-rooms 0
Our third concert, yesterday, pleased q
our patrons. 0
Druggists' 1
Sundries. i
®
(In aisle No. 4, new annex, part of our _
new bazaar).
CLOTHES BRUSH. 8& Inches.
15 Cents ® .
HAIR BRUSHES, all bristles. ®
35 Cents ®
HARD RUBBER COMBS, coarse and fin* ®
sawed, B^4 inches. ®
5 Cents 0
TWO-QUART COMBINATION WATER ®
BOTTLE AND SYRINGE (Hale'e price, ~.
understand). $1.10 £
SUMMIT BULB SYRINGE, hard rubber ®
pipes (note the price). _l''l ®
75 Cents 0
6-ounce BOTTLE FLORIDA WATER 0
(ladies will readily see the value at this _
price).  25 Cents 0
25 Cents ®
4-ounce BOTTLE FLORIDA WATER ®
(same quality, only smaller size). (jv
10 Cents q
BOX FRENCH VELVET SWAN'S DOWN 0
FACE POWDER (good to take away oa _
your vacation). >2/
3 Cents 0
OXIDIZED RELIEF POWDER BOXES. ®
10 Cents ®
LINEN PLAYING CARDS (squeezers). . ®
12% Cents Pack ®
• ■" ®
LINEN GILT-EDGE PLAYING CARDS. 'r
12^ Cents Pack %
, ®
BOX PINK TINTED PAPETERIB, M <■»
sheets paper and 24 envelopes. X
10 Cents ®
TABLETS, letter size, 85 sheets ruled. ®
3 Cents ®
®
BOTTLE WHITTEMORE'S COMBINA- -.
TION SHOE DRESSING, In tan, russet, Us
oxblood and brown ■ (.include this la your 0
country outfit). _ '
10 Cents ®
i GROCERS' PASS BOOKS, 40 pages, equal- "T
ly good for note books. (2)
.■-; f ::r;' 10 Cents Dozen 0
~^r~ ®
New Curtain Department |
(Rear of aisle No. 3, main entrance.) 0
NOTTINGHAM AND FISH NET LACE ®
CURTAINS; 3*4 yards long; in white and
ecru; a neat chamber curtain. '-'
75 Cents Pair ®
NEW. LACE CURTAINS ; 3^4 and 4 yards ®
long; in white and ecru; fish net with th« ®
new overlook corded edge; specially for @\
hotel and lodging-house purposes.
$1.75 Pair ®
NOVELTY NET LACE CURTAINS ; 8H ®
yards long by 54 inches wide; In white ®
and ecru; extra value. • s>.
$2.50 Pair W
®
I . 2000 ' YARDS ECRU LACE STRIPE m
SCRIM, for sash curtains; strong and w
serviceable; 40 inches wide. ®
10 Cents Yard 0
i NEW GOLD *--. TINSELED JAPANESB - <§> -
CREPE: 80 inches wide; 20 designs and /j,
cciorinss; handsome drapery for little
money. ®
10 Cents Yard 0
»)®®®®®® ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
suit yesterday against the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Coal Company to re
cover $5000 damages for Injuries received
on January 7 last by being caught under
a falling bank of coal. He alleges that the
accident was due to the improper wailing
of the side of the mine owned by the
company and situated at Tesla, Alameda
County.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<9> ♦
t "THE CREDIT HOUSE."
<4> Six Stories High. X
*> *^
4 ♦
<s> 4
S Exciting war news I
f could hardly stir you ♦
| out of the comfort of this ?
$ Morris Chair... .54.50 |
X Solid oak: two soft, well -stuped eoah- ♦
X ions; adjustable back; on casters; large J
X wide arms. X
<§> —^— i >
X ■ ' Five piece mahogany parlor set ; o
4> ■ sofa, easy chair, rocker, two reception < ►
a — chairs; upholstered in different colored x
♦^tapestry $16.00 J
% Our new velour three-piece parlor **
% sets are much admired ........ $85.00 4'
<§► -" For bedrooms where there's scarcely ♦
% room enough to turn around — Triumph X
f'* Folding 8ed5......... around — Triumph <►
Folding Beds $7.25 <>
<£■> - — • . 4 ►
| Carpet Department. j:
$ For constant wear Axminsters are J^
r* most suitable. New patterns, bright X
' and fresh. !„,.„, %
1 Smyrna rugs, reversible; 30x60; just X
$ right for front of sofa 90c T
"x Linoleum remnants for pantry, hall X
5 or bathroom; worth from 50c to $1.10 %
£ a yard; to close out. 2Oe X
% Free delivery to Oakland. Alameda <p
♦ and Berkeley. X
I M. FRIEDMAN & CO. ]
I 233-23^237 Post Street. I
% Near Stockton. . Open Eveninft*. 4
O^T^^mSm Jb E^^^^hHl J^. fell I^l
Radway's Ready. Relief for Sprains. Brula^,
BorrMuscleß Crampe. Burns, Sunburns. Back-
' ache, Headache. Toothache. Rheumatlwa. Neo-
i ralxla. Lumbago. . Internally for all Bow»l
* Paint ? Colic. Diarrhoea. Dysentery, Cholera
: Morbua and Blcknew. Nau««*. , «to. All dim-
«•*■• ......... .".r