VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO, 15S.
BANKERS REBELLED AGAINST
HART'S PERSISTENT BLACKMAIL
The Attorney-General Drove the
McDonalds to the Point
of Desperation.
Conspirators Began to Desert the Standard
of the Pacific Bankers as the
End Approached.
In the strangre history of disaster and
crime that marked the -existence of the
Pacific and Peoples' banks there are
few facts of more importance than
those published in The Call this morn
ing. The record proceeds to within
two months of the final crash in which
the bank went down. The conspira
tors who had thrived on the dishonesty
and the gullibility of the McDonalds
w£re beginning- to desert. They knew
better than the deluded bankers the
true condition of the institutions and
i hey kne.w that affairs could not con
tinue much longer as they were. A. F.
Johnp saw an opportunity to condi
tion himself better with the enemies
of the McDonalds and he proceeded to
pick a quarrel. Dorn and Tomblin
were, becoming fractious and Hart was
becoming more insistent in his demands
for money.
There is in the whole history of the
Pacific Bank no more significant ele
ment than that involved in the relation
ship between W. H. H. Hart and the
McDonalds. Hart was then Attorney
General of the State and had bled the
McDonalds to such a point that they
could stand the torture no longer.
Hart in exchange for the money he
received gave the cloak of his official
position with which to cover the dis
honest acts of the bankers. In Feb
ruary, 1893, however, Frank McDonald
believed that the debt that they owe i
to Hart for his criminal support had
been paid and until they needed the
dishonest official again they rebelled
agrainst his demands. In a telegram
sent by Frank from Los Angeles it is
clearly stated and understood that the
McDonalds were paying Hart for bfa
dishonest services. They therefore had
a right to estimate the value of th<U
service and to resist what they deemed
extorfion. As tbe history of the bank
proceeds The Call will show how com
pletely the Attorney General was at
the command of the bankers when
financial rujn faced them.
Among all the quarrels of the con
spirators there were few that were
more serious than that between Frank
McDonald and-M. H. Sherman. Frank
in one of the letters published to-day
places jipon the shoulders of Sherman
the complete responsibility of the ruin
of the Pacffic Bank. The young banker
refers bitterly .to the fact that through
the agerrcy of Sherman the Pacific
Bank had- accepted 5581,000 in practi
cally worthless bonds. Sherman was
bitterly denounced for trapping the
Pacific Bank into this deal. The letters
published to-day will also show the
. desperate ' .measures , to which the
banker? resorted as the end drew near.
.Instead of attempting to recover them
selves Frank McDonald' and his brother
plunged deeper Into wild speculation.
Their, crazy financial fancies had full
swing and new and - heavy losses were
incurred." The young bankers knew that
• they . were being more • carefully
watched by the official- examiners and
.. recourse was. h£j£*to' a deliberate falsi
.- fication of h*^&i>oks.- ; In this - way
seme of the old and disastrous schemes
.."were made responsible for heavy losses
'.that did not .belong: to . them. ; New
ventures in which vast sums of money
•were sunk escaped and such specula
tions as the John Brown colony were
debited with great sums never re
ceived. In this way the thieving bank
ers were enabled to plan 1 and execute
new robberies 1 under the mask of -old
and bad speculations.
the McDonalds rebelled at
! (?i4 HART'S exactions.
■'.In air the correspondence of • the
managers, manipulators and wreckers
of the Pacific and People's banks there
Is no more important daeument than a
telegram which Frank McDonald sent
to K. H. McDonald Jr. on February 5,
■ 1892: It has been hinted that W. H. H.
, Hart, who was then Attorney General
of the State, had neglected His. duties
in connection with the McDonald 1 in
stitution and the Bar.k .Commissioners.
The Call is enabled to state positively
this morning that W. H. H. Hart was
criminally in collusion with the Mc-
Donalds and was demanding loans and
.financial accommodation for his silence
and for his r refusal to force the man
agers of the wrecked bank to stop their
robbery of the depositors. The first
proof of Hart's collusion was given In
the following telegram:
c '~ LOS ANGELES, Cal" Feb V' IST
. R. H. ! McDonald Jr /•pacific ■ Bank.
. San 'F.rancippo: I loave to-morrow
.(Monday) nigh! for Kansas City" Cm"
•cintmtl and Now York. Matters here
• processing rapidly our way So fa? "
us we all can see Hart can be of.no
use nor harm in this matter and
you better not give him that accom- -
modating If. you can ; avoid ! t He will
never repay it. Tell him it .'is public
talk. and It will not do • for us to b« .'
mixed • up In it. We have accommo
dated, him enough and you can safely
refuse -him. " •;-, . : FRANK.
ORGANIZING NEW AND DISAS
TROUS SPECULATIONS. •
When Frank V. McDonald again
wrote jto his . ; brother '. the - letter was
The San Francisco Call
I mailed in New York and shows the
scheming dishonesty not only of the
McDonalds, but of the men surround
ing them and urging them on to finan
cial destruction. New projects, crazy
in their origin, crooked in their de
velopment and disastrous in their con
clusions were being floated. Treach
ery against Captain Jim McDonald
was being planned. More money was
ordered from the Pacific Bank unjustly
for the private use of the elder Mc-
Donald. The letter Is exceptionally In
teresting and is as follows: /
■■ , ' N. V., March 15, 1893. •
My Dear Brother: I have been wait
ing, hoping, praying for sales to send
you coin, but nothing seems to materi
alize. If we had only begun a year
earlier here we might now be doing a
good business. We think, however,
we now have matters in shape to go
ahead, especially with the California
j Raisin and Fruit Growers' Associa
. tion in stock-bond sales. You will see
the idea is to provide a guarantee if
asked for, but to make the guarantee
such that it will seem more attractive
without it. This makes it safe and
attractive for the investor whichever
way it gees, and provides reasonable
compensation and protection •to the
bank for its guarantee.
While I was in California Edmin
ster & Co. and Eastland kept on work
ing on these questions and did. I think,
good' work. You will also notice I have
4 perfected arrangements for the Alaska
Coal i Company's . stock .In a way that
protects 'us. I have sent you the con
« tract for keeping among your papers
and other contracts for the bank. We
have perfected the statement and
other .data. — FeJotH*e«'t»-t*ie~Mqhawk
bonds, and any day we hope to report
the sale of them. . Now that we have
our guarantees in shape .1, shall run
up to New Haven and Hartford and
Boston and see if I cannot establish
some agency that will bring us in
some money. . \ ■ v . ' -■;
That fellow Fitch Jr. is only a blow
hard, and you want to look-out for
him. We have refused; to send him
any more money, and now he is turn
ing to you again. Be very careful what
you say to him or promise him. The
form of contract he asks for is ab
surd and impossible, and you only
waste your time considering them.
And you better not encourage * him,
dealing first with us and then with
you." It will confuse us all. Our ex
perience with him is not satisfactory.
All he is after is to make a living out
of it regardless of results." Father le"ft
last night for Hot Springs, North
Carolina, to be. gone one or two weeks,
or possibly more. Father's funds have
run down, and he "wishes you . would
send $1000 to the Commerce for his
credit. That letter from Walter, Park
Bank,' that was addressed to you. ask
ing, about California Raisin and Fruit
Growers' Association,' bore its. good
fruit. He came in to-day and bought
one hundred dollars-w orth of stock.,
and we have several others. that have
promised to purchase soon. ' :
I hope we can make some kind of an
arrangement with Captain on -his
money, for ■it is discouraging to • be
trying to get in money and then have
him draw.it out. We must settle with
the institutions here before we think
of settling among ourselves.: Keep try
ing to sell father's real estate on Sac
ramento street and Sl3 Sutter street,
and try to sell the remaining bank real
estate. Let Miss Grant look after these
things. ' -?
I think in writing to father you better
again mention the fact that it would
be desirable for him to sell those
houses and Electric stock's,- even at a
■ loss; and I shall do the same. Tell him
now if* the time we need coin to meet
these Eastern obligations. Hoping you
are not giving way under the strain, .-'
as I am, and that success may crown
your efforts. I am as ever, your loving
brother FRANK.
The foregoing letter was written nine
weeks before the Pacific and the Peo
ple's banks crumbled. When the epistle
was penned, Frank McDonald and his
brother Dick were playing their double
parts of fools and knaves. The Cali
fornia Raisin and Fruit Growers' Asso
ciation to which reference was made
was a scheme concocted by A. F. Johns
j to further his own i mis and feather his
own nest. The McDonalds were in
veigled into It. and when the banks
failed the colonists of the John Brown
i Colony began to discuss legal proceed-
I ings to recover land that they insisted
had been stolen from them in the or
ganization of the California Raisin and
Fruit Growers' Association.
In all the wild ventures of the Mc-
Donalds there was nothing more ab
surd or more dishonest than the organ
ization of the Alaska i'oal Company.
The McDonalds placed W. H. Eastland
at the head of this concern, permitted
him to overdraw many thousands of
dollars on the bank, and not satisfied
with that guaranteed thousands of dol
lars of his coal company's stock that
was not worth a cent. The character
of this coal company may be very
clearly understood when it is said that
it existed only in the brains of those
who had organized it. There was no
coal in Alaska, and the company had
no other reality than that given to it
on paper.
the McDonalds fear a con.
SPIRACY BY FITCH AND
JOHNS.
Shortly after this letter was written
Frank McDonald sent a telegram to his
brother in this city and to A. F. Johns
in Chicago. These telegrams give 'the
first sipn of a quarrel between Johns
and the McDonalds. Johns was then
in Chicago with Thomas Fitch Jr.. both
seeking 1 to HOat the California Raisin
and Fruit Growers' Association to thMr
own best advantage. After working:
upon the McDonalds for years, .Johns
saw that the time had come whore he
could work upon somebody el.iii more
completely and so he pressed the quar- ,
SAN" FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
FRANK REBELS AGAINST HART'S DEMANDS.
There are few documents in the corresp ondence of the Pacific Bank conspirators that are of more general interest than
that which is given above. When Frank McDonald sent this telegram to his brother, W. H. H. Hart was then a
debtor to the Pacific Bank to the amount of many thousands of dollars. He was Attorney General of the State, and was
criminally in collusion with the thieving bankers. The exactions of the Attorney General for money became so fre
quent that Frank urged his brother not to pay. They had Hart, they thought, in a position where he could not
very weli antagonize them, for a while at least. He wanted money, and Frank very clearly indicates in his telegram
that Hart's demand for money was nothing more or less than blackmail. As the history of the ruined bank proceeds
• it will be shown what Hart gave In return for the money received.
rel. On March 16 Frank sent the fol
lowing telegram to Johns:
NEW YORK, March 16. 1893.
A. F. Ji/nus. care Thomas Fitch Jr.,
Tribune Building: Your telegram
disrespectful and I decline to discuss
!t. Better deal directly with my
brother if you think he has the sol«
power to act F. V. McDC A.L.O.
On the same day Frank McDonald
"SHERMAN HAS ALMOST RUINED US."
Two months before the failure of the banks Frank McDonald wrote a letter in
which he placed on the shoulders of M. H. Sherman the responsibility of the
ruin of the two institutions. While the banks had been led into many disas
trous speculations, none had been more disastrous than the Los Angeles Elec
tric Railroad into which the bankers had been inveigled by M. H. Sherman.
In April, 1893, Sherman and Frank quarreled and in that quarrel the two con
spirators revealed the secrets that are now of such public moment. The fac
simile given above is an excerpt from McDonald's letter of bitter accusation
against Moses H. Sherman,
sent the following: dispatch to his
brother, R. H.. McDonald Jr.:
NEW YORK, March J l«. 189 S.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Pacific Bank,
San Francisco, Cal.: Johns telegraphs
somewhat disrespectful^- that he has
agreed for sale of entire raisin issue
under instructions from you, thus
practically ignoring this offer and
confusfng all our plans and agree
ments. Under these circumstances I
■wish nothing further to do with the
matter and you have made bad mess
for us all. FRANK.
Telegraphing on the same matter,
Frank dispatched the following to his
brother:
NEW YORK, March 23, 1898.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Pacific Bank,
San Francisco: Johns and Fitch both
here. Both tricky on Raisin question
and have to be watched very care
fully. Their present plan dangerous
and impracticable, and they offer only
80 cents for new 6 per cent bonds. We
are trying: to see if we can devise any
practicable thing we can accept.
FRANK.
On the same day, in a discussion of
the same subject, Frank also sent the
following telegram to Dick:
Better wire Johns to return me Rai
sin trust agreement. It should never
have ?>een given to him. It is not '
trust deed, but trust agreement, and
our private matter, and that copy was
for confidential use of you and Pacific.
We really did not wish him to know
exactly its contents.
Two days later Dick received another
telegram from Frank, who indicated
the progress of the conspiracy as he
urderstood it. His dispatch was as
follows:
Having much trouble with Fitch.
He claims you and Johns made con
tract with him for new 6 per cent
bonds, which we must issue and de
liver or he will sue. FRANK.
FRANK STANDS UP THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC
On April 10, 1893, Frank wrote to
Dick, telling him of his treachery to
that offshoot of the Southern Pacific
Company, the Pacific Improvement
Company. Frank needed money bad
ly; he knew that he had the Pacific
Improvement Company by the throat
and took a desperate chance. The
young schemer also told his brother
how he had failed to get any money
out of his father. The young man wrote
as follows:
NEW YORK, April 10, 1593.
My Dear Brother: I have been after
father to send you his stocks to sell
but thus far without success; but he
to-day turns over this little dab of
fifty shares of California Electric
Light to be sold for his account and
he says to send on his two hundred
shares held by Miss Grant and he will
indorse them and let you sell th«m
too. I hope to-morrow to have an
other check from the Pacific Improve
ment Company !n payment for an
other batch of their bonds. They
practically agreed to take them all bo
fore this, but they are so hard up and
are obliged to redeem so many bonds
they have guaranteed to take back,
that they ask for more time and are
even willing to pay accrued interest
from the first of the month for our
waiting. I hope, however, they will
come to time to-morrow. Our placing
them with the Commerce. Park and
Chemical and then stirring them up
with our own brokers and finally my
threat to place them in the hands of
the auctioneer, Adam Muller, and let
thf-m go down to 50 if need be (sve of
course buying them in to protect our
selves), and thus have a public quota
tion that would be disastrous to all
their business of sales and borrowing.
This they could not stand, so they
are buying them in as fast as they
can. The auction matter was the last
desperate remedy, and if it failed
would have broken my own market
and made us lose greatly more on
theirs. Of course you understand while
the sale was made through Crane, an
acquaintance of Eastlapd, and ono of
the Southern Pacific's outside ms'i
here, I could have made it through
other agencies the minute the S. P.
crowd were willing to buy. Only
probably Eastland got one-half of ons
per cent the better price. I am ufraM
the S. P. people do not love us very
much for forcing them to buy. Al
though they have made us lose $10,
000 by their bad faith in not protect
ing their securities as they sail tl.ey
would do when we bought them. Your
loving brother, FRANK.
THE CONSPIRATORS HABITUALLY
FALSIFIED THE BANK RECORDS
Frank's thievery, deliberate and con
scienceless, was never better Illustrated
than in the letter he wrote on April 13,
1893. In this document the dishonest
son seeks first to save his dishonest 1
%
Vitriolic Excoriation of Sherman
r ".> if. -. - , : .'- ;;:.!- ■• : .':f'-. '-': ; :; . -■--■• ■ ■ .
as the Man Who Ruined
the Banks.
The Los Angeles Manipulator Weighted Down
the Tottering Institutions With
Worthless Bonds.
father, and then. In a crooked manipu
lation of the Pacific Bank's books, :t»
save himself. Considering the inter,
ests involved the letter is perhaps one
of the most cold blooded illustrations
of rascality that the public of San
Francisco has read in many a day. The
document is as follows:
NEW YORK, April 13, 1893.
My Dear Brother — I enclose state
ment from Eastland that explains it
self. We think this means a sale on
basis telegraphed you, 86 and accrued
Interest. They wanted my guarantee
as cashier and father's as witness, but
I thought best to keep father off for
reasons you can appreciate. So I sug
gested, as they wished the seal of the
bank, they better have the acting ex
ecutive officers, which they finally
agreed to. I have written the Chem
ical a letter asking them to send you
the Phoenix bonds they hold, telling
them we thought we had sold them,
but that it was necessary to provide
for interest payments in New York
and bonds would need to go to San
Francisco for suitable indorsement.
You will need to get from Dorn or
some other reputable attorney a brief
.statement concerning trust deed; that
it is in legal shape, and etc., and, as
D. S. drew the deed he can give this.
Also an attorney's opinion will be
needed on the powers of the bank to
guarantee the bond. The uonds being
our property and we getting the money
for same and there being no third par
ty concerned, I see no reason why we
cannot guarantee them just the same
as we pledge ourselves to redeem a
time certificate or any other time obli
gation for which we received the
money.
I notice Sherman said he could sell
100 water bonds. He telegraphed me
that he thought he could sell a hun
dred to Chicago friends and wished
forty days' option. He stated no price.
no certainty, nothing. I telegraphed
him parties here were working on the
sale and we -could not tie them up
such a long time. All his talk was In
definite uncertainty. He sflj* he wouid
write about the offer, but he never did,
so you can judge for yourself how
much there was to his so-called sale
The loss we make on these Phoenix
bonds you can charge to the Phoenix
stock account, but I am at sea to
know what to charge the loss on the
Southern Pacific bonds. If the Mo
hawk expanses were not so high I
should think it best to charge it to the
Mohawk stock account on the idea
that we had sold the bonds to get
money to develop that with, or per
haps better yet, charge it to stock ac
count of Los Angeles Electric Rail
way, since on this account chiefly all
our losses have been made and we
have five thousand shares full paid
stock, allowing quite a latitude of
charging. Your loving brother
FRANK.
"THE ELECTRIC ROAD HAS AL
MOST RUINED US, AND SHER
MAN IS A FOOL"
It has not infrequently been said that
when thieves fall out honest men get
their dues. M. H. Sherman ,*n-i Frank
V. McDonald quarreled in New York
The result of that quarrel so far aB
there was any public interest in it is
the admission of Frank V. McDonald
that M. H. Sherman and the "Los Ange
les Electric Railroad -were the agents
through which ruin was brought to the
Pacific and People's banks. In a letter
written on April 21, 1893, Frank V. Mc-
Donald characterizes M. H. Sharman as
a liar and a fool and the one iK-rson
above all others who is responsible for
the wreck of the bank. During all the
silly negotiations of the conspirators in
New York to negotiate the electric road
bonds, Frank McDonald was nev*.-r
blind to the fact that these bonds were
never worth more than fifty cents on
the dollar. In other words he charges
that M. H. Sherman had already cost
the Pacific Bank more than $580,000. It
is pertinent to remember that not only
the patrons of the Pacific Bank but the
thirteen thousand poor depositors of
the People's Home Savings Bank are
interested in this letter. The epi3tle is
as follows:
April 21, 1593.
My Dear Brother: I have written to
you several times to-day, but I only
wish to add a line about Sherman's
saying I got away with any electric
bonds. It is a lie, and the records of
the number of the bonds and where
each is will show it, while on the con
trary he did get some bonds. The
bonds to which he refers are those is
sued in partial compensation for the
losses made by the bank in taking
electrics at par and in my being
obliged to neglect so many things for
the electric' load that subsequently
resulted In losses to the bank and that
I carried under my name as trustee.
The bank got every bond and they
took the place of the trustee account,
I even putting into it bonds that ought
to have been mine, but I considered
my first duty to the bank.
Some of those things thus charged
off may eventually earn something for
the bank if ever the unfortunate con
dition that the electric road has
plunged us Into will enable me to give
my attention to the development of
them. But whatever we may make
from them will be a mere bagatelle
to the losses the road has cost us and
daily causing us with $581,000 in bonds
good as worthless to us in our safe.
Sherman is a fool on this subject.
He does not see that that road has
nearly ruined us as ho has engineered
it. and that the bonds at 50 cents
would be dear. God only knows what,
it will yet cost us to get out of the
thing in all its complications.
I have not a single bond in my name
nor any of the proceeds of any, and
all I got out of the five bonds he gave
me I have more than put back out of
my salary and out of what pa allowed
• us each in savings bank stock divi
dends in money that I have snent for
the Pacific and People's Home. This
you can snow him at any time, and
he dare not deny the truth of It. But
all the time you give him on the sub
ject is as good as thrown away. You
- better keep this letter, as in case of
-my death he might be dishonorable
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
enough to say something untrue. Tour
loving brother, FRANK.
THE APPALLING RECORD OF THE
JOHN BROWN COLONY.
In the next letter that Frank V. Mo-
Donald wrote, he reviewed a grecit deal
more pertinent history of the conspir
acies that ruined the Institution ,of
which he was cashier. In the foregoing
letter he denounced M. H. Sherman
most bitterly. In the letter that will
follow he attacked A. F. Johns, D. M.
Tcmblin and D. S. Dorn, For a year
these men had been befuddling him
with the affairs of the John Brown
Colony and the schemes of the city of
Madera. He expresses a fear that A.
F. Johns was then plotting against him
and his interests and intended to £» '
over to the enemy. Frank wrote as fol
lows :
NEW YORK, April 21, 1893.
My Dear Brother: For nearly a year
I have been trying to get a clear idea
of the Madera tangle, but neither
you nor Johns, nor Tomblin, nor Dorn
seem to have the whole matter in clear
shape, and as the time is now at
hand when the matters are to pass
into others' hands it is necessary to
know just what we are doing, or we
may commit some serious blunder. By
a clear idea I do not mean any con
fused, garbled, general statement, '
such as I have hitherto been favored
with. After much difficulty and by put
ting together one thing and another
I understand the position to be as fol
lows, but I may be all wrong, and if so
I should be right at once and
clearly in detail.
THE SITUATION.
When the Brown and Baird collapse
fame we had in about $73,000. You
subsequently invested $40,000 in the re
organisation of the bank at Madera,
and you bought the $110,000 Chapman
second mortgage by paying $70,000 cash
and reserving $40,000 for ' the Peo
ple's Home first mortgage, and you
have since spent some $40,000 for devel
opment. In other words, the invest
ment there is, first, original outlay for
advances, $75,000; second. Chapman's
second mortgage, $110,000; third, devel
opment, $40,000; fourth, Madera Bank,
$40,000— total, $265,000. We had to 'as
sume deposits of Madera Bank to be
added to this figure. But since the Ma
dera Bank stock is a separate asset
it need not be considered in this state
ment, and therefore the net amount la
about $225,000. Now the question is, "
is this correct, and I wish you and
Bellerman will try and answer this
without mixing up with it a whole
lot of other ifs and ands and buts.
Again, how does the $40,000 item re
serve from the $110,000 Chapman sec
ond mortgage to settle with the Peo
ple's for the first mortgage appear on
your books? Is it already charged
to the colony debt, or when you pay
it to the People's will it thereby in
crease the present indebtedness to the
colony? Nobody seems able to tell
me this.
In fact, I wish to have Hill's crowd, .
if possible, pay us back now the
moneys we have advanced Hughes and
Martin and step in our place, and then
we do not care what happens. Now
the question is, What is our plan to
work out of these investments? As I
understand it, it is as follows: First—"
We segregated the property into two
pieces, one of 4000 acres, on which col
ony claims had been sold, including the
Madera town lots. Second — The other •
piece of some 900 acres we formed into
the California Raisin and Fruit Grow
ers' Association, of which we own the
stock, and which ought to be worth a
good share of our $225,000 debt, if not •
all of it. Certainly, if our scheme of
selling either the present coupon stock
bonds or if the new scheme of issuing
new straight bonds goes through, wo
will get back our entire money out of
this land alone.
If Tomblin had not thrown away $12,
000 of Ellsnor property I got from Baird
and had not foolishly bought that
fraudulent Madera Bank stock from
Woodward of Fresno we should be in
some $17,000 more than he has blun
dered away from us. While I have no
doubt Johns is doing the best he can
for us, yet I feel he has made some
plan for the future with the Hill peo
ple. And I expect he Is to be tnelr
manager at a fine salary and is to
have a good place for his son and also
get a good slice of the stock, xhis is
the reason he is so anxious for Hill
to get us paid off and get closed up
with us, so that he can turn in and
work with the new crowd. The things
for us now to consider carefully are
whether we want any special work
done by Johns before he joins the
other crowd. I think we ought to
keep friendly with him for many rea
sons, and 1 see no reason why we
cannot, "Your loving brother,
FRANK.
To-morrow morning The Call will
conclude the presentation of th 3 let
ters of Frank V. McDonald, and record
the secret history of the ruin of the
Pacific and People's banks as that
young financier helped to make it. In
the concluding letters of Frank Is the
detailed plan of the enormous robbery
of $600,000 with which Frank expected
to close the existence of the two.lnsti
tutions. _________^__
Teachers in Session.
A meeting of San Francisco school
teachers was held yesterday in the audi
torium of the Girls' High School, the ob
jects of which were twofold. First, to
place before the department the coming
session of the California Teachers' Asso
ciation at Santa Rosa, December 27 to ,30
Inclusive, and secondly, to listen to a lec
ture delivered by President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University.
President C. W. Childs of the California
Teachers' Association spoke in a general
way of the main features of its coming
session. He called particular attention to
the coming of President G. Stanley Hall
of Clarke University, who is the foremost
educator in the United States in the sub
ject of child study. In conclusion Profes
sor Childs invited the whole department
to the next session of the California
Teachers' Association at Santa Rosa. The
address of President Jordan on "The Duty
of the Scholar to the Community" was
full of thought and was appreciated
greatly by the many teachers present.2
SICK AND
WOUNDED MEN
NEGLECTED
Improper Treatment
of Soldiers.
NURSES WERE BADLY NEEDED
DURING FIGHTING IN CUBA
SUPPLIES RAN SHORT.
One Witness Before the War Investi
gators Says He Saw a Hos
pital Patient Covered
With Maggots.
Special to the Sunday- Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4.— The War In
vest f gat ing Commission had an inter
esting session to-day. It had among
the witnesses four officers who served
In the Santiago campaign, erne of them
being General H. C. Egbert, who, as
lieutenant colonel of the Sixth United
States Infantry, was shot down at San
Juan Hill by a bullet piercing his chest.
The general appears entirely recovered.
Lieutenant Colonel Miner, now in com
mand of the Sixth Infantry, was an
other interesting witness. Perhaps the
° most suggestive testimony was that
given by Major Griffith of Kansas City,
who was in charge of the Third Divis
ion hospital of the First Cori>s. The
commission expects to complete its
work here to-morrow evening and to
resume it in Chicago on Monday morn
ing.
Dr. Menage, contract surgeon, serv
ing with the Sixth Infantry, testified
as to the absence of hospital tents, for
his regiment in Cuba, He treated his
Bick in the regiment in preference to
sending them back to the division ho-s
.pital, because of the difficulty in trans
portation. The nearest hospital . was
perhaps a mile and a half away.
The medical supplies were reasonably j
sufficient. His chief trouble was in get- j
ting an ambulance. This he got after j
a delay of two days. The regiment left i
there about the 9th of August. At that \
time there were about thirty err forty
men in acute condition. Perhaps one
eighth of the command was reported
regularly for treatment.
Lieutenant Schendel of the Sixth In
fantry was the next witness. At San
tiago he was made commissary. Neces
sary supplies were always sufficient,
except such delays as were unavoidable
from rains and difficulty of transporta
tion. After the fall of Santiago the
regiment was fully supplied. At Mon- j
, tauk Point the supplies were sufficient, j
but during the first week they were ;
sometimes delayed until late in the day j
by insufficient railway facilities. This ;
was soon remedied. The men were well I
taken care of by the medical depart- j
ment. After reaching Montauk Point
the men rapidly broke down. Not more
than twenty-live or thirty escaped ill
ness of some sort. The witness was
ill twice.
Lieutenant Colonel Miner, command
ing the Sixth Infantry, regarded the
Tampa camp as excellent.
The transport Miami, in which his
regiment went to Santiago, was not fit
for troops. The men would have died
in their quarters if the voyage had
not been mild, so that the portholes
were left open and air thus supplied.
The supplies of the men and officers
were the same. Most of the officers
were on foot * from loss of horses.
Speaking of the attack at San Juan
Hill, he said he found when they
reached the summit that Colonel Eg
bert had been wounded, and he was in
command. That night' no supplies
came and the men were without food
or blankets, except such food as they
had in their haversacks.
The witness said the command began
to break down about the 14th. They
had dug trenches at nieht and* lay in
the wet ditches all day. The hot sun
and the wet weather broke the men
down. When a march of three miles !
was made not more than one-fourth of
the men kept up, but all ffot in by
night. The morning after the surren
der the witness took the regiment to
higher ground and kept them In camp.
By personal appeal to General Kent,
he secured one wagon and cooking
utensils and a change of clothing for
the men. Centralization was the trou
ble — centralization in staff depart
ments, he meant. If the witness could
have got one wagon after the surren
der he could have kept his regiment
supplied. But nothing could have pre
vented the sickness that followed the
exigencies of the Cuban campaign.
Being asked about the diet, he said
he would recommend pickles and vege
tables for Cuba. The canned beef was
nauseating, and men who were almost
starving would not eat it. It seemed
to be meat that had been boiled for
extract and was as free from nutrition
as chips.
Colonel C. B. Hunt of the First Ohio
Infantry testified that when his regi
ment reached Chickamauga it was
poorly supplied with clothing and arms
and never was fully supplied ,and never
had a requisition filled completely. If he
made a requisition for 500 blouses h<»
would get 150. The sickness among the
troops was not the fault of the camp
and not due to lack of medicines, but
more to the incapacity of the com
manding officers in not enforcing dis
cipline and giving necessary care.
William H. Davis of Cincinnati was
the next witness. He was sent to
Chickamauga to examine the water
supply, which he reported as bad.
General H. C. Egbert was examined.
He is now Brigadier General of Volun
teers and Colonel of the Twenty-second
United States Infantry. He com
manded the Sixth Infantry after the re
tirement of Colonel Coohran until he
was wounded July 1. He had no fault
to nnd with the camp at Tampa or the
supplies, or even with the transport
Miami, except with the ventilation.
General Egbert said the Seneca was
not in good condition for transport-
Ing troops, and that its officers did not
seem to me in command along the voy
age as much as the surgeons. When
the Seneca reached Fortress Monroe
the surgeon telegraphed to New York.
The next day, to his surprise, the ves
sel had not gone. He asked why and
was told the captain refused to go until
ordered to do so by the Quartermaster's
Department. The witness called on the
captain and found this to be true. After
remonstrance against holding the
wounded men in such a place, the wit
ness told the captain he would tele
gTaph to the Secretary of War telling
him of the conditions and asking for
orders.
Meantime he sent a note to the quar
termaster at Port Monroe, and as soon
as the situation was understood there
an order was given for the vessel to
sail at once to New York and the cay
tain obeyed it.
Fred J. Flueger of Newport. Ky., tes
tified th;st he went to Chickamauga
August ] to bring home Albert Boe
decker of the Second Kentucky, who
was lying in the hospital. He found
him In a very bad condition. He was In
a tent with four other patients, the
space between the cots bo narrow that
witness had to Walk sideways in go
ing through. The nurses; were .-detailed
men.
In an adjoining tent ha heard groan
ing, and, looking in, ha saw a man with
a quantity of maggots on his body. He,
reported this immediately to the at
tendants, who said they did not know It
had happened. They carried' the man
out, washed him ort and took him back.
The next day he died.
The witness detailed Boedecker's
case, how he took cold from marching
through the rain and was -taken". sick
the day he reached Chlckamauga. He
was at first refused admittance to the
hospital, but finally the captain got
him in. He lay there twelve days on a
blanket on the ground, with one blan
ket over him. 'men he was sent to his
quarters for full duty* and next day at
inspection he stood in line three hours,
when he again broke down. He reached ,
home August 2 and died August S.
5 At the afternoon session Major Grif
fith testified regarding the camp condi
tions at Chickamauga and the hospi
tals. He had difficulty in getting enough
tents, and when he secured the proper
number he found the last ones were of
poor quality. Prom private and State
sources the, regiments- were supplied I
with hospital tents: As a rule the men
detailed. as nurses were unfit. Witness
asked Dr. Hot* for female nurses.. This j
relieved the situation. The staff of the
division hc-spital was inadequate when;
the- increase of sickness occurred. Sick
ness among the surgeons reduced the
working force. He said there would j
have been ho difficulty in getting hun
dreds of competent surgeons at Chicka
mauga within a week. He said he knew j
many applications were refused. He I
attributed the failure- at the Camp
Thomas hospitals to "red tape" and
"peace for thirty years," which inca
pacitated the department for expansion
for emergency.
If Congress had established a hos
pital corps the trouble might have been
avoided. ( One great difficulty in get
ting supplies of drugs arose from pass-
Ing requisitions from the division sur
geon to the. corps surgeon and the sur
geon-in-chief. This required a. week.
He asked the corps commander on
June 20 to have typhoid -patients i
-in-chief. This required a week,
asked the corps commander on
20 to have the typhoid patients
isolated. . The epidemic could thus
have been avoided, but no attention
was given the request. He regarded
flies and water as the causes of the In
fection. The beer drinking and the
unwholesome food assisted in develop
ing typhoid germs. The mortality
from typhoid fever in this hospital was
sixty-six out of 1587 cases.
Captain out of 1587 cases, Seventeenth
aptain Springer of the Seventeenth
Infantry was next examined. He co
operated with the surgeons at and af
ter the battle and knew the wounded I
were well cared for.
Father Valman, post chaplain, was I
examined. He served at Tamna, Camp |
Thomas, Fort Sheridan and Fort
Thomas. The witness heard 'no com
plaint at Fort Thomas from either
friends or patients. At first at Fort
Thomas there was trouble -for lack of I
good nurses, but that was soon reme- j
died. In certain cases he regarded |
men better than women for nurses, but |
as the work is now divided so that :
men do the work proper for men and I
the women attend to such things as I
women can do better than men, he
thought the perfection of nursing had I
been reached.
The witness devoted his time to look
ing after the patients. He wrote to
the friends of each patient giving them
information as to his condition. This
course was one of great satisfaction to
the patients as well as to their friends.
He repeated that the satisfaction to
atients as well as to their friends. I
epeated that the soldiers had j
spoken in the highest terms of their
treatment at the hospital. Being
asked what complaints, if any, he had
heard from patients about their treat
ment at other places, he said that he
had heard nothing whatever from sol
diers of the regular army, but that a
number of the volunteer soldiers had
told him of disagreeable experiences,
which were often answered by a sol
dier on the next cot by the question
'.'Did you think you were going to i
picnic?" He said none of these com
plaints were of such a nature as to
cause him to make any investigation.
GENERAL LAWTON
GIVES TESTIMONY
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— Acting for
the War Investigation Commission,
Colonel Denby has taken the testimony
of General Lawton, who was in com
mand of the second division of the
Fifth Corps in the Santiago campaign,
and who has but recently been relieved
of the command of the Department of
Santiago.
Replying to a question as to whether
the navy should not have control of
the transports. General Lawton said:
"No, indeed."
"You think that the army ought to
have control of them?"
"Absolutely," was the laconic reply.
"While they are acting together?"
Colonel Denby asked, and the reply
was:
"They won't act together. That is
where I make my point. Two men
cannot command the same affair."
MORE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
BONDS ON THE MARKET
A Ne^sr York Firm Announces That
It Has Purchased $10,000,000
Worth of 5 Per Cents.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Speyer & Co. an
nounced to-day that they had bought
$10,000,000 worth of Southern Pacific of
California first consolidated mortgage 5
per cent gold bonds, due 1937, principal
and Interest unconditionally guaranteed
by the Southern Pacific Company. These
bonds, it Is stated, are part of about
$20,000,000 which have been Issued during
the last few years by the company in ex
change for underlying bonds and for new
construction. The purchasers will prob
ably offer the bonds shortly for public
subscription here and in London, Frank
fort, Berlin and Amsterdam.
ONE CELESTIAL KM LS
AND ROBS ANOTHER
Victim Shot Through the Heart at
Night on Twitchell Island,
Near Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 4.— Word was re
ceived here to-day that a Chinese, whose
name is not yet known, was murdered
and robbed about 11 o'clock last night on
Twitohell islanVi, in the extreme south
western part of the county. The deed
was done by another Celestial, who shot
his victim through the heart. After tak
ing $80 from the dead man's clothes the
murdorer Jumped into a boat and es
caped. Officers are watching for him at
various points along the river.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— The following
California postmasters were appointed
j to-day: Nipomo, San Luis Oblspo County
! —John Cook, vice Herman C. Fry, re
■ moved. South San Diego, San Diego
County— Charles B. Barton, vice Thomas
A. Fenlon, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Thomas G. Robin
son, Sacramento, $6; William Henry Reed,
San Francisco, $6; John P. Pearson, San
Francisco, $6. Reissue — Benjamin c.
Wooley, Clipper Mills, $S.
Oregon: Original— James A. Poole, Ash
land, $6.
Washington: Increase — Chauncey Havi
land, Peone, $6 to $8. Wlrt D. Bingham
Daniel B. Bailey and David J. Patterson
havii been appointed additional letter
carriers in postofflce at Seattle, Wash.
Captain William McKittrick, assistant,
adjutant general, U. S. A., appointed from
California, has been honorably dis
charged, his services being no longer re
quired.
To Cure a Coid in One Day
Tifcn • Laxative Dromo Quinine ; Tablets. /All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure
Be. The genuine has I* B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
NO BREAK IN
NEGOTIATIONS
FOR PEACE
Joint Session of the
Commissions.
OUR PROPOSITION REFUSED
SPANIARDS OBJECT TO DEMAND
FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
Paris Papers Continue to Argue the
Cause of the Dons and Liken
Uncle Sam to a High
wayman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 4.— The lolnt session of
the Peace Commissions lasted two
hours. The Spaniards refused the prop-
osition made by the Americans on Mon-
day last, but the negotiations were not
broken off. While it is believed that
no formal counter proposition was
made there was a discussion of the
Philippine question outside the lines of
the Americans. The commissions then
adjourned until Tuesday next.
A statement is nrinted here to-day
with much prominence that at to-day's
joint session of the Peace Commissions
the Americans insisted upon a complete
surrender of Spain's sovereignty over
the Philippine Islands, and that, in the
event of the Spanish Commissioners re
fusing to agree to this. Judge Day,
president of the American Commission,
acting under instructions from Wash
ington, declared he would present an
ultimatum to the Spaniards. It is fur
ther alleged that this seeming haste is
due to the desire to settle the negotia
tions before the elections in tne United
States take place.
Reference is made to these allega
tions in view of the fact that they may
have also been circulated in the United
States, but there is no truth in the
:nents made. No ultimatum is
contemplated and there is no probabil
ity of drastic measures being taken by
the Americans. The two commissions
are now considering an open question,
and the Americans expect to carefully
weigh all the points involved and to
carefully consider the arguments of the
Spaniards.
The two commissions met at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. The Americans were
aware before the session opened that
the Spaniards would decline their pro
posals made on Monday last.
The Gaulois to-day says it has been
Informed, on absolutely reliable author
ity, that Spain will refuse to discuss
the unconditional surrender of the
Philippine Islands. Spain, it is further
asserted, had made particular reserva
tions concerning the retention of the
Philippine Islands, and the Spanish
Minister of Foreign Duke Al
modovar de Rio, had himself, at the
time of the signing of the peace proto
col, stipulated that the island of Luzon
alone should remain occupied by the
American, troops while the peace nego
tiations were in progress, and that
Spain should resume sovereignty over
the archipelago as soon as a more lib
eral form of government for the isl
[ ands should have been decided upon.
The Fronde says: "The claims of
! the United States on the Philippine Isl
ands are looked upon with disfavor at
j St. Petersburg. The powers might, in
case of America proving too obstinate
on this point, be provoked to protest."
The Evenment says: " 'Your money
or your life' is the attitude taken by
I America in relation to Spain. The lat
ter, having no money, offers Porto Rico
and the abandonment of Cuba, and
thinks she has thus discharged her ran
som. 'Pardon me,' answers Jonathan,
'you yet have the Philippine Islands,
which are only an encumbrance to
you. I will relieve you of them. Why?
Because, with Fontaine, I have the
strongest reasons for so doing.' "
SPAIN NEVER INTENDED
TO GIVE UP PHILIPPINES
MADRID, Nov. 4.— The Imparcial to
day, commenting upon the peace ne
gotiations now in progress in Paris,
says: "If the United States had shown
in the protocol the intention to keep the
Philippine Islands the matter would
not have taken the course it did. Spain
never considered the Philippines as
lost, nor has she desired their loss. On
the contrary, her Intentions were shown
by her facing the anger of Ger
many on the question of the Caroline
Islands."
In conclusion the Imparcial remarks:
"America, by her conduct, has lost her
place among civilized peoples, and
henceforth will only count as the most
numerous and opulent of hordes."
DRIFTING BACK TO THE
OLD BENIGHTED DAYS
Khang Nyi Influences the Dowager
Empress to Re-establish Arch
ery in the Chinese Army.
PEKING, Nov. 4.— ln spite of the formal
promises of the Chinese Foreign Office,
there is every indication of a concerted
movement of Chinese troops in the neigh
borhood of the capital. It is said that
Khang Nyi, the Manchu officer, who was
next in rank to the late Prince Kung In
the Kioun Xi Tschu, or Council of State,
has obtained great influence over the
Dowager Empress. He is bitterly anti
foreign and hopelessly conservative. It is
probable that Kang Nyi was the instiga
tor of the edict re-establishing the bow
and arrow exercise for the Chinese sol
diers.
It is reported that Yuan Shik Hai, the
Chinese general in command of the for
eign-drilled troops at Tientsin and an offi
cer whose power is much dreaded by the
Dowager Empress and her advisers, has
received a grant of money, ostensibly for
the purpose of increasing the strength of
his division to 30.000 men "if time shows
that the Dowager Empress can rely upon
hia fidelity." It has been said that Yuan
Shik Hai might use his troops in conform
ity with the views of the foreign Ministers
at Peking.
FOUR MEN KILLED.
Explosion of a New Boiler While
Being Tested.
OIL. CITY. Pa.. Nov. 4.— By the explo
sion of a new boiler at the City Oil Boiler
Works, to-day, two men were killed, tvnp
fatally injured and a dozen more slightly
hurt. The dead are C. McCloskey and
John Frawley. Fatally injured: B. J. Gid
ders, both legs broken and injured inter
nally; Dennis McMahon, Injured Intern
ally. The boiler was twenty-five horse
power and was being tested. The cause
of the explosion was a defective gauge.
OFF TO JOIN DEWEY.
The Cruiser Buffalo Starts on Her
Voyage to the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— Admiral Bunce
telegraphed the Navy Department to-day
that the cruiser Buffalo, Commander
Hemphill, had sailed for the Philippines
via the Suez canal. The gunboat Helena
sailed yesterday fqr the same destination*
With these aceppsiong coming Immediate
ly upon the heels of Captain Barker's
squadron of ships and colliers, Admiral
Dewey will have a formidable fleet, prob
ably second In offensive bower in the
Orient to only that or England; He will
doubtless then be able te spare some of
his vessels which may be in need of re
pairs to return to Mare Island.
HANCOCK'S BROTHERS
CLOSE HIS MOUTH
Refuses to Discuss the Story of Dou-
ble Murder Told by Mrs.
Gross.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Nov. 4.— John Han
cock, believed to be the murderer of John
Engelks and Pete Edmlnston, was not
taken to Fullerton to-day to have his pre
liminary examination on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon upon one
Gross at Fullerton a few days ago. To
day Hancock was more communicative
than yesterday. To a reporter he ad
mitted making the trip from Riverside to
Salt Lake City by team In company with
Mrs. Gross, alias Mrs. Myers, who now
accuses him of murdering the two -men,
and talked freely of the dual life led with
the woman, but he denied knowing or
ever hearing anything about either En
gelke or Edminston.
Upon his arrival here yesterday Han
cock-was met by his two brothers, Tom
"■nd \\ alter, both of whom were closeted
with him more than an hour and imme
, aiately afterward he refused to be inter
viewed. One of his brothers a short while
ago conducted a gambling den here, and
it now transpires that a chum of his re
cently, while under the influence of liquor,
told a portion of the murder story to a po
liceman, but the officer paid no particular
attention to it at the time, thinking the
fellow was only indulging in drunken
talk. The next day, however, the officer
tried to learn more of the story, but Han
cock's friend had sobered up somewhat,
and would say nothing concerning his
statement of thedayl before.
HOBSON STILL WANTS
THOSE SPANISH HULKS
Argues With the Bureau Chiefs to
Allow Him to Continue Work
on the Wrecks.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— Constructor
Hobson was before the Naval Bureau
chiefs again to-day, and spent two hours
in argument to convince the board of
the advisability of allowing him to con
tinue the work of wrecking the Spanish
warships sunk off Santiago. Secretary
Long had concluded that further.prosecu
tion of the work would better cease,
at least so far as it is conducted at Gov
ernment expense. However, he consented
to allow Mr. Hobson an opportunity to in
duce the Board of Bureau Chiefs to re
consider their original determination.
The constructor was reinforced in his
opinion that the Colon and perhaps one
or two other ships might be saved by Mr.
Merritt. of the wrecking firm of Merrltt
& Chapman, although his opinion is in
turn contrary to that of the wreck mas
ters on the spot at Santiago. Mr. Merritt
was not present fit this afternoon's meet
ing, so the board contented itself with the
recommendation to Assistant Secretary
Allen, who has the matter in charge, that
the Merritt company be allowed to con
tinue its work on the Colon under an
agreement to pay salvage only in case ;
the vessel is raised, and meanwhile to dis
continue the heavy per diem payments
the company is now receiving.
CARPENTER WILL CASE
IS FINALLY SETTLED
On the Fourth Trial a Verdict Is
Found for the Bailey Chil
dren.
STOCKTON, Nov. 4.— On the fourth
trial of the famous Carpenter will case
here the jury to-day brought in a verdict
for the proponents of the will. On the
first two trials verdicts were given for
the contestants and the third was a mis
trial. Twice the Supreme Court 3ent the
Cape back for a new trial. The estate was
W-orth about $75,000 when the contest was
commenced fourteen years ago. Judge
Van R. Paterson of San Francisco was
then Superior Judge here and prasided on
the first trial, appointing J. A. Louttit at
torney for the minor heirs, and he has
finally won the verdict sustaining tbe will.
C. W. Carpenter was the partner of C.
K. Bailey in ranching in this county
many years ago and, being a bachelor,
on his death willed his proerty to Bailey's
children. Vermont relatives of Carpenter,
whom he had not seen for a quarter of a
century, contested the Tvlll on the ground
of undue influence and the surviving part
ner as executor has persistently fought
the case fn all the courts until now. The
litigation will probably end with the ver
dict given, as the estate is about eaten up
in costs of the long legal fight.
YOUNG HUNTERS KILL
A FEROCIOUS WILDCAT
The Animal Makes a Fierce Fight Af-
ter Being Wounded by
Shotguns.
TULARB, Nov. 4.— Yesterday, while
George Blakely and Robert Smith were
hunting doves near Chism's ranch, five
miles southwest of Tulare, a large, vicious
wildcat made its appearance but a few
steps from the hunters. The guns were
both loaded with small bird shot, and both
boys opened fire upon the cat. This only
served to infuriate the brute, and he came
direct for them. As firing small shot at a
wildcat was of no avail clubs were re
sorted to and a pretty battle took place.
The cat made a desperate fight, but
against too great odds, and the life was
soon batted out of the savage feline. Aside
from a few scratches the young men were
comparatively unharmed. The cat meas
ured throe feet from head to tail and was
two feet high. Very few specimens of the
wildcat are ever taken on the plains, and
this was one of the largest ever captured
in this vicinity.
PREDICTS A GREAT FUTURE
FOR COPPER RIVER VALLEY
Return of Captain Abercrombie With
the Last of His Exploring
Expedition.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. 30 (via Victoria,
B. C, Nov. 4).— Captain Abercrombie, U.
S. A., of the Copper River exploring ex
pedition, with the remainder of his com
mand, has arrived here. He predicts a
great future in mineral and some agri
cultural development for the Copper
River Valley. He states that his party
discovered anthracite and bituminous
coal in quantity. When asked to what he
laid the general disappointment of the
season, Captain Abercrombie said: "To
men who should never have left the plow
handle. Most of them were grubstaked
They weakened and remained in camp."
THE GEUMAN ELECTIONS.
Conservatives Will Have a Good Ma-
jority in the iteichstag.
BERLIN, Nov. 4.— The complete returns
In the election for Prussian Deputies by
the secondary electors give the following
results: Conservatives 147; Free Conserv
atives, 57; Center, 99; Reform, 1; National
Liberals, 74; Freisinnige Union, 10; Frei
sinnige Peoples, 24; Democrats, 1; Farm
ers' Union, 3; Poles, 14; Danes, 2; Inde
pendent, 1.
Shooting at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 4.— This morning
Bob Hamilton, employed as cleaner about
the local saloons, took a shot on D street
at Frank Allen, a ranch hand. Though
only a few feet distant Allen was not hit.
Hamilton was arrested and is charged
with intent to murder. He is believed,
however, to be mentally unbalanced.
First Santa Fe Limited Belayed.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Nov. 4.— The
first Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe lim
ited train for this season to California
reached this city to-day one hour behind
time, the delay being occasioned by heavy
winds in Kansas.
Mustering Out the Seventh.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— Captain Pratt,
U. S. A., designated as mustering-out offi
cer for the Seventh Regiment of Califor
nia Volunteers, has arrived In this city
and is at work on th« details of the dis
bandment.
FRANCE WILL
NOW WITHDRAW
FROM FASHODA
Decides Not to Retain
the Mission.
STAND OF THE NEW CABINET
DX7PXTY IN FAVOR OF THE RE
CALL OF MAKCHAND.
Willing to Yield Every Point to Great
Britain in Order Not to In
terfere With the Ex
position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 4.— A semi-official note
issued this evening says the Govern
ment has resolved not to retain the
Marchand mission at Fashoda, adding
that this decision was arrived at by
the Cabinet after an exhaustive ex
amination of the question. The Gov
ernment, replying to an interpellation
to be asked in the Chamber of Depu
ties, will avail itself of the opportunity
to explain the motive far this resolu
tion.
LONDON, Nov. 4.— The most reliable
information from Paris confirms the
earlier reports that M. Dupuy, the
Premier, has decided to wash his hands
of Fashoda and to recall Major Mar
chand, for whose mission he is not re
sponsible.
This decision is, to some extent, due
to a desire to allow nothing to interfere
with the success of the exposition of
1900.
PREMIER DUPUY READS
MINISTERIAL DECLARATION
PARIS, Nov. 4.— The Chamber of
Deputies reopened to-day with a crowd
ed assembly, after its adjournment on
October 25, the day after the fall of
the Cabinet presided over by M. Bris
son. Amid great animation the new
Premier, If. Dupuy, read the minis
terial declaration. He began by declar
ing that the Cabinet fully recognized
the difficulties and responsibilities of
the task undertaken, affirmed the su
premacy of civil power as the funda
mental principle of a republican state
and expressed confidence in the army,
which, he added, wo-uld faithfully re
spect the laws of the republic.
Continuing, M. Dupuy said: "I do
not leave the national army a butt to
the campaign of insult waged against
it if we place it above the blind po
lemics which futilely seek to throw un
just responsibilities upon it. The army
is still more entitled to the solicitude
and protection of the public powers,
since it can only work usefully for the
security of the country in quietude and
silence. It is equally necessary that
calmness attend the work of justice,
and respect of our duty is to insure
the execution of its decisions, what
ever they may be."
The Minister of Finance, M". Peytral,
introduced the budget, and M. del
Casse, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
replying to demands for the discussion
of the Fashoda question, said he was
unable to fix a date for it, in view of
the interests he had to safeguard, but,
he added, he hoped to arrange an early
date for its discussion.
The Minister of Justice, M. Le Bret,
replying to a motion providing that all
revision cases be submitted to the whole
Court of Cassation instead of to parti
cular departments, said it was impos
sible to alter tne procedure already
started in the Dreyfus case.
The house then adjourned.
GREAT OVATION TO
GENERAL KITCHENER
LONDON, Nov. 4.— The streets of the
city were crowded all morning, an im
mense number of people seeking to wit
ness General Kitchener's triumphal
progress to the Guildhall to receive
the freedom of the city of London and
the sword of honor presented to him in
recognition of his defeat of the Der
vishes at Omdurman. The general re
ceived a great ovation as, accompanied
by three aides-de-camp and dressed in
full general's uniform, with the Egypt
ian sash, he drove through the streets.
At the Guildhall there was the
quaintest kind of a ceremony, which
was witnessed by some 3500 spectators,
chiefly city dignitaries and their fami
lies, though Lord Rosebery and Lord
Halsbury, the Lord Chancellor, and a
few other notabilities were present.
There was a scene of great enthusi
asm when General Kitchener took his
place on the dais by the side of the
ADVEJiTISEMEiVIS.
nfiUBLEIHEAOT"
And always will be for those who do not count the cost— those who pay
too .much for their whistle, as Franklin did. ' But for the man ror woman
who looks out to have either income or earnings, and then ; knows how to
take care of it, this world offers"many pleasures that the spendthrift, the
miser or the credit buyer knows nothing about. The purchasing power of
money, cash money, is as little understood as the government of the Phil-
ippines. How to buy, what to buy, when to buy, where to buy are all in-
teresting studies to the thrifty merchant or housekeeper. If these prices
help you we shall be glad to know it. ' , ; ■ gg~
ONE-CENT TROUBLES.
1 paper of imported sewing needles lc
1 Jlnko basket for fancy work lc
1 paper pins or hairpins • ie
1 perforated motto for fancy work lc
5 fee shoe button fasteners. lc
Silk ribbons, per yard, hard colors lo
Needle books, 10c kind. lc
5-CENT TROUBLES.
Boys' knives, pretty good ones 5c
Baby stockings, gray, great wearers 5c
Saxony yam. many colors, hanks.. oc
Ladies' straw or braid hats, closing.. 5c
Children's handkerchiefs, nice ones, 2 f0r....0c
Men's white cambric handkerchiefs 5c
1 game to amuse children 5c
10=CENT TROUBLES.
1 BOC hat, ladies', closing 10c
1 fine child's picture book, hound 100
1 85c bottle Acme cream, closing 10c
1 can home made Jam or marmalade 10c
1 can baking powder, warranted pure 10c
Store Is Opened Saturdays Until S o'clock for Late Workers.
MIXED TROUBLES.
Mens* ribbed. gr»y shirts or drawers 850
Ladles' felt shoci , $160 kind, 2%, 3 500
Burlap, colored, 4S Inches wide ijo
Cook stove, 4- hole, warranted $6 00
Coal scuttles, regulation size 15c
Lard, 10 lbs, very finest Eastern 750
Blankets, not wool, silver gray, pair ,"0o
Hats for men, 6% to VA, cut from $1 50 750
Health foods— We are demonstrating these.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' " ______ _ __^X^^-^-*, .
*^^
FOR
The Rally of the Campaign!
CLUB NIGHT
Woodward's Pavilion To=Night
GREETING TO THE NEXT GOVERNOR, ■ . V
HON. HENRY T. GAGE,
' UPON THE CLOSE OF HIS TRIUMPHANT CAMPAIGN. ;". . .'
HON. M. M. ESTEE WILL PRESIDE.
FIVE ' MINUTE SPEECHES 8Y. ..
HON. E. F. PRESTON, • HON. IRVING M. SCOTT. .*.."". '
HON TIREY L. FORD, HON. FRANK McGO WAN, . »..;'o 0
■ HON! A. P. WILLIAMS, HON. J. M. TROUTT. ' » ; .
BON VAN R. PATERSO-. . HON. D. J. MURPHY, • -. 
' HON E F. LOUD, . COL. H. I. KOWALSKY.
HON.' JULIUS KAHN. HON. W. F. FITZGERALD,
HON. C. L. PATTON, ' E. D. PEIXOTTO. - ".';
. , - AND OTHER POPULAR SPEAKERS. . : .-,',, «. . •
PATRIOTIC. AND CAMPAIGN SONGS .
-.;,..■•■ EVERYBODY WELCOME.
PARADE OF REPUBLICAN ORGANIZATIONS, ' ? •'-:"
■ All Republican Clubs Are Invited to Join In the Parade • _•• :
The Column Will O'clock p. m. in the Following order: ' - ' igMjk '%
The Column Will Be Formed in the Following order: 1
GRAND MARSHAL— COLONEL GEORGE .-STONE.' '
President of National League of Republican Clubs. _ ' .• -"•• " .
AIDS t
COL. J. C. CURRIER, . FRED FREY. . ,
ARTHUR W. SPEAR, . GEORGE BOGART. "
FIRST DIVISION FORMS ON NEW MONTGOMERY AND MARKET. - •- '
CHAS. F. KINSMAN, Marshal. '-. '1 .
Aids— WM. F. ABBOTT, FRED EGGERS.
UNION LEAGUE DRILL CORPS. m*^^^M^MM
ARMY AND NAVY REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
VETERAN SOLDIERS AND SAILORS. .
HOWARD CLUB. FREMONT CLUB.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS OF Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty
second and Thirty-third DISTRICTS. •
SECOND DIVISION FORMS ON SECOND ST., RIGHT ON MAHKET.
CAPT SULLIVAN • • ■ Marshal.
AIDS— FRANK D. WORTH. THOMAS EAGAN, DAWSON MAYER. . *
PHOENIX CLUB DRILL CORPS. CONTINENTAL LEAGUE, UNITED LABOR CLUBS.
MARSHAL • •••••• .....L. W. HO WORTH.
AIDS— FRANK bell F. W. Francis, F. m. FAIRCHILD, H. l. WILSON, H. F.
McDonald E HOWE, c. l. AVERS. GEORGE W. DEBENHAM. GEORGE harlow.
HO*BSOn" REPUBLICAN CLUB, OLYMPIC republican CLUB. argonaut RE- '
PUBLICAN CLUB. REPUBLICAN CLUBS OF Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thlr-
tv-seventh Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Districts. ■ , v.; ■ * •.-::%.
iy bevei."- ■ THIRD DIVISION FORMS ON MONTGOMERY ST.
MARSHAL :..-.. CAPTAIN R. WEINEKE.
AIDS-OSCAR TOLLE. •■ CAPT. WILLIAM LEALE. •
■ npiß CLUB DRILL CORPS, GERMAN-AMERICAN . REPUBLICAN CLUB. YOUNG
MFV'S ! REPUBLICAN CLUB. - HARBOR REPUBLICAN CLUB. DEWEY REPUBLICAN
r?T TIB REPUBLICAN CLUBS OF THE FORTIETH. FORTY-FIRST. - FORTY-SEC-
ON D. FORTY-THIRD. FORTY-FOURTH AND FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICTS, AND ALL
° T Let this meeting be a genuine tribute. to our standard-bearers, upholding Republican prin-
ciples and McKinley's Administration, good government, law and order, against fusion pop-
ocracy and single tax^ McLAUG HLIN, " £. { . ' :
. v ■ ■ . • " •: Chairman Republican State Central Committee. *
■ -■- E. C. HART, Secretary. ;-.•■•;' '' •.--■? : : -•■•...■■-•-. : -. ... ■. _- : ; ..-■,■■
ERROR IN
SAMPLEBALLOT.
To the Voters of San Francisco:
Tour attention Is hereby called to the fact
that on the sample ballot mailed an error was
committed by the failure to insert after the
name of FINLAY COOK, candidate for Police
Judge, the words "Citizens' Non-Partlsan In
addition to the words "People's P ar ty--Uf™°-
crat"; also after the name of P. A BEK-
GEROT, candidate for Schoo Director, the
words "Citizens' Non-Partisan" in addition to
the words "Citizens' Republican-Republican.
W J. BIGGY Registrar of A oters.
SSrIHODESIOEDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC NON-PARTISAN AND PKO-
PL.E'3 PARTY NOMINEE.
Lord Mayor, Horatio- David Davies. The
clerk then read a document setting
forth that citizens, one described as a
butcher, one as a barber and one as a
Itioner, had declared the general to
a fit and proper person.
i presenting the sword of honor the
•d Mayor read an address in which
he said this honor was only reserved for
England's greatest sons.
General Kitchener, in replying, ex-
pressed his deep and heartfelt thanks
and said the success of the campaign
was due not only to the oneness of pur-
pose and cheerful spirit of determina-
tion, but to the master mind of Lord
Cromer (British agent in Egypt), un-
der whose able direction, the Sirdar as-
serted, the Scrudan had been recon-
quered.
25-CENT TROUBLES.
1 pair boys' overalls, little fellows 85c
1 pair boys' knee pants, 8 to 13 25c
1 boys cap, dark or light 250
} ,p, p< y. r baby's shoes, 50c kind. 1 to 4 25c
ift „ cray rlbbed vests or pants 25c
JJJ lb» fine laundry starch 25c
J« lbB I>!umB - with pits in 25c
10 lbs marine toast and pumpernickle 25c
40 papers needles, to retail '. 25c
1 pair men's or boys' working gloves 25c
$1.60 TROUBLES.
1 ladles' dress cape, dark color $1
1 suit boys' clothes, 4 to 7. dark $1
10 rolls wall paper, double, good Jl
1 pair gent's Alaska moccasins, $3 kind fl
1 $3 square clothes hamper, shop worn *1
1 tea kettle, all copper $1
12 ladles' or misses" hats, Vt. price $1
25 yards calico, dark dress styles $1
30 yards U. S. standard bunting $!
25 harmonicas to sell at 15c $1
20 yards unbleached canton flannel II
1 complete set dog harness $1
1 pair warm grloves. for Klondike $1
26 handkerchiefs, assorted, family use $1
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., BF.
BFOR
MAYOR:
lESD.PHELAN,
DEMOCRATIC ■'.;• .
KRECULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
tiON- PARTISAN C »
NOMINEE. *
FOR. . .
B WIH mm.m
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
- PARTISAN NOMINEE.- ..Q
FOR... ■ .
fULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
PUBLIC...
ADMINISTRATOR, °° :
. C. FREESE
independent , . '.
NOMINEE. \.
FOR ASSESSOR, -
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).  . «
r.Kr'^IJC.Mf. NON-PARTISAN AT 3 POI»- "
UUST NOMINEE). ' °
■ M f COUNTY CLERK/
yV M. A. DEANE,
f f . REGULAR ° o o .
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
(~\ I.J. TRUMANf
; FOR •*. ° .
lUgftr TREASURER. ••
Repnblican. Kon-Partisan • and Citl- «
«n«' Repnbliean Honinee. . .
IJT Voting Nnmber 23.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LATJMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
ASA R. WELLS,
. F"OR AUDITOR. ■
. Republican, Non-Partisan and Citizens' Re-
publican Nominee. : Voting Number 7. %
DR. ED. E. HILL
For CORONER. - " .
REGCXiAR r^MOCRATIC AND PEOPLJB'S
i-ARTY NOMINKB. ' .
VOTE FOR...
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER:
AND Til- : DEAD 'WILL BE KESPECTBD.MANIPULATORS'
ARRANGEMENTS
GO FAR ASTRAY
Could Not Control
Schoolteachers.
THEY REPUDIATE A TICKET
WAS FIXED for BY EMPLOYES
OF BOARD OF EDUCATION.
Expected to Retain Their Clerkships
by Promising the Support of
the Teachers to Demo
cratic Nominees.
An Investigation has been made regard-
Ing the origin of the so-called "teachers'
ticket," with the result that clerks in the
office of the Board of Education are
Ehown In an unenviable light.
This ticket, which bore the heading,
"Regular Teachers' Ticket for School
Directors," appeared some weeks since.
It was at once repudiated by the teachers,
who affirmed that no candidates for places
on the board had received their indorse
ments. With their repudiation of the
t'lectioneering dodge began an inquiry as
to the sponsors of the ticket, and it re
quired but little inquiry to fix the blame
on- persons employed in the office of the
Board of Education.
Charles W. Welch, secretary of the
Board of Education, is charged with hay-
Ji\g originated the scheme, the object of
which was to catch the votes of persons
In sympathy with the teachers. He was
aided in carrying out the planu by Ral
eigh Hoe, John O'Donnell and John
C'ashin, attaches of his office.
These men, who are in the employ of the
city, went to all the Democratic candi
d.Ji|es for School Directors and asked each
Jiominee to pledge himself to retain them
In their respective positions, and in re
■ turn promised to place their names on
, the so-called teachers' ticket. It is pre
sumed the Democratic candidates for
places on the Board of Education gave
the desired assurances that the men
would be retained.
Thf names of eight Democrats appear
on the ticket, thus giving a safe working
majority. To lend a non-partisan look i
to the ticket, four Republicans were
named. This leaven in the Democratic i
loaf was made up of the names of George !
R. Armstrong, John J. Conlon, W. A.
Kemp and J. M. Thomas. The eight '<
Democrats who are supposed to have i
committed themselves to the scheme were
Benjamin Armer, H. W. Brandenstein, A. i
A. Cavagnaro. Dr. P. J. Conran, William ;
N. Cannon, Charles P. Eells, D. F. Keefe ]
and Timothy J. Lyons.
Policeman Dugan, truant officer of the
School Department played his little part I
in the distribution of t"he pasteboard j
tickets. He went among all the janitors
of the schools and enlisted their aid in i
spreading the cards where they would !
do the most good.
The quick repudiation of the alleged
ticket by the school teachers has had its
effs-et. and the work of the men who
would manipulate the School Department I
to subserve their own ends has gone for j
naught.
Work of the Christian Commission.
A long letter has been received from
Messrs. Glunz and Jackson, representa
tives of the Army and Navy Christian
Commission at Manila. They landed on
the evening of August 7, and pitched their
tents a.t Camp Dewey, where they at
tached themselves to the hospital corps of
the Thirteenth Minnesota and were with
them during the attack on Manila. The
next few days were spent In visiting the
wounded at the hospitals. A building has
been secured at Malate which will ac
commodate eighty men and services and
prayer meetings are held regularly. The
first services in the tent were held on Sun
day, September IS. One hundred and
twe"nty men were present in the morning
and 125 in the evening, 'the average daily
atendance has been 200. A Young Men's
Christian Association with twenty-four
active and five associate members has
been formed in the Third Artillery, and it
has fitted up a room with desks, station
ery and reading matter. There Is a great
demand for papers and magazines of re
cent date.
CAPTAIN MARCHAND.
.Ca.pta3n Jean Marchand. the French ex
plorer, is only 34. He- has been through
seven African campaigns or expeditions.
He receiver) the Crosa of the Legion of
Honor when, he was only 25. and became
an officer of that order in 1595. All his
service has been in Africa. He first led a
mission to Tieba. King of Kanadou^ou.
the enemy of Samory. In 1893 he ex
plored the hintf-rland of the Ivory coast
and made a junction between that French
colony and the Niger. He made his way
Into the interior by way of the Bandama
River, and had many difficulties to >ver
come. He next took part in an expedi
tion against Samory, and had many n t
tow escapes. No sooner had he returned
to France than he offered to lead an ex
pedition to the I'pper Oubanphi and the
Nile. The Government welcomed his
F'-h-m^ and pave him the necessary ap-
Eistahce.— London Chronicle.
Thirty years ago there were only two
dozen' explosive compounds known to
chemists; now there are over 1000.
MELANCHOLIA
DESPAIR
MISERY
SORROW
DEBILITY
DISEASE
I • WEAKNESS
Cured in BLUES
a Week. LOSSES
8 DRAINS
EVERT MAN HAP SOME AMBITION.
some desire to make a mark or be known
as a Micce«i in a Riven field. No one wants to
be called has been, '"failure." or weak-kneed.
■ >'m-, to make a pupcom in life. t.>^- at the ;
! top, you must he mentally and^>f vnirally ;
strong. If you have a known weakness. If you
lack nerve force. If y<m ore »ufTvrlng from
nervous debility, you «an n°>t be a grand sue- :
cess. Your life will »>r..i In failure.
MAN, TAX Mi.l<Zli.
imws, this all i M feellns. i«#e the ■" **at r««me-
dlo-treatment. liudy^n. lludyan cures nervous
debility; Hudyan cure* railing manhood, weak-
ness, all K f> ne feeling, uji* the great retnedlo-
treatnv^nr. Hudyan. Hudyan cures nervous <!■•-
Wilt}'. Hudyan cures falling manhnod. weak- ;
ness and neurasthenia. Hudyan cures constl-
. patinn, evil dream*, pimples, ba.ihfulnesn. :
Hudyan is had only from the doctors of the I
" Hudson Medical Institute. No one can give |
you Hudyan but us. Consult the Hudyan doc- ]
tons free.
CIRCULARS FREE.
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, I
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
BLOOD POISON Is manifested by blood,
BLOOD POISON Hores, pimples, copper-
BLOOD POISON colored spots. When In
„ BLOOD POISON first, secondary or tertl-
SlSod poilon ';7th formB ll can becured
' The 30-Day Cure. Circulars 30-Day Cure.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
/IT OFFICE
_ --,»-.,-. Private consultation. .
*-" KE'E'Tr . Developing process.
f=*REE — Medical examination.
ll = .«' 1= . I=r Catarrhal examination.
FKfct, — < Free talk.
First remedy treatment.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
■ -;.■ ■ ■ "
CONFIDENT
THEY WAIT
THE BATTLE
Republicans Sanguine
of Success.
PARTY IN FINE CONDITION
PATTON HAS MADE REMARK
ABLE STRIDES.
Candidates Have Gone Among the
Peopls and the Canvass Has
Bean a, Personal One
All Through.
The municipal campaign at the pres
ent time Is In excellent shape and the
Republican managers look forward to the
battle on election day with the utmost
confidence. It has been many years since
the party went into a contest in such
good condition as to harmony in the ranks
and with the working forces ao well
equipped for effective service.
The battle for the principal offices, in
cluding Mayor, Assessor. Recorder, Sher
iff, Superintendent of Streets and the Su
pervisors, goes merrily on, and with any
thing but satisfaction to the fusion forces.
The remarkable strides made by Patton
■within the last two weeks, coupled with
j the questionable record of Mr. Phelan as
I a tricky and unscrupulous politician with
which the people have been made ac
quainted recently, points plainly to the
defeat of the boss of the job-chasers and
the ticket he forced upon the Democrats
of this city.
At the headquarters of the Republican
County Committee yesterday the utmost
Mnfidence was expressed as to the out
me of the contest. It is asserted that
? Republicans have every reason to look
" victory by reason of their solid fight-
S front and the discontent and disorgan
ization of the Democracy.
The Republicans from the beginning of
the campaign have pursued a different
policy from that which has obtained in
the past. Instead of the usual methods,
the candidates are going among the peo
ple, meeting them personally.
They are letting themselves be seen, and
are telling the voters what the platform
demands an.d what they propose to do in
case of their election. The good effect of
this policy Is being shown in a very grat
ifying manner. Steady gains are being
made and if the present conditions hold
until next Tuesday there is no doubt ex
pressed that the splendid ticket put up by
the Republicans will be substantially In
dorsed Dy a majority of the people.
In the shrievalty contest the rapid
strides made by Henry S. Martin as a
vote winner is spreading dismay in the
ranks of his opponent, who is now at
tempting to play on the sympathies of the
public by parading the fact that in the
assignment of places on the ticket he
drew the unlucky number "13." This fact
is being paraded on a transparency
wagon that blocks up half of a street.
Notwithstanding his size. Martin is "get
ting a move on" that surprises the ath
letic Democratic candidate. The fight
has progressed to such a point that bet
ting men are not looking for investments
at even money. The same may be said in
the mayoralty fight. It was only a few
days ago that long odds were being given*
on Pheian. but yesterday there was no
Phelan coin in sight, and the men who
are confident of Patton"s success had to
offer good odds to create any interest
among the followers of the plug-hat boss.
There 16 every indication that so far as
success is concerned there is but one man
in the running for County Clerk. "Billy"
Deane is conceded to have taken the lead
at the start, and he has been increasing
it every day until it is thought that his
j opponent will do well to keep within the
; distance pole.
j In the contest for Assessor the judgment
of those who have made a canvass of the
field is that he is a sure winner, lie is
making a lively man-to-man campaign,
and there is no one betting that he won't
be Assessor for the next term.
Among others who are confidently de
clared to be making a winning fight are
AI Berthler, candidate for Recorder, and
1 Edward I. Sheehan for Tax Collector.
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, who set such
i a fast pace for his rival In the beginning
j of the campaign, has not slackened his
' speed, and is regarded as a sure victor.
The Republican candidates for Auditor
* and Assessor are working a quiet cam
paign, and, in the language of the proph
ets, their proposition looks like a "cinch."
In the Supervisorial contests It is be
: lieved that Phelan's "tourist" candidates
will have the pleasure only of moving
; "back home" and anathematizing their
! boss for placing them in such an equivocal
; position. Among the Republican man
agers it Is asserted that if a Democrat or
two steps in "it will be an accident."
Republicans Rally.
BERKELEY. Nov. 4.— Republicans ~f
the university town were out in full force
to-night to greet Alameda County's can
didates. The bjg rally was held in Shat
; tuck Hall, beginning at S o'clock.
Victor H. Metcalf, candidate for Con
gress., gave the opening address, outlining
his views as to the national policy and
GREAT RALLIES AT THE FINISH.
Henry T. Gage to Close the Campaign in San Francisco at Woodward's
Pavilion To=Night — Parade of Uniformed Clubs — Victor Hetcalf in
Oakland— lnterior Mass=Meetings.
The Republicans of California are confident of victory, but they do not propose to let up for an instant.
On the contrary, they are determined to press the advantages of this hour until the anarchists and single tax
ers are completely routed. Cheering reports came from various sections of the State yesterday. The mem
bers of the Republican State Central Committee have not made public the result of the interior canvass, but
something must have transpired since Thursday evening to cause the betting fraternity to wager two to one on
Gage's election.
Great rallies under the banner of Gage and Neff will take place throughout the State to-night and next
Monday evening. The farmers, the stockmen, the miners, the wage workers in every branch of industry, and
the progressive business men will turn out to attest their devotion to the cause of good government and to
condemn the isms and fads of Maguire's fusion party.
Attention of the masses in San Francisco is directed to the great Republican demonstration announced
to take place at Woodward's Pavilion this evening. In honor of the closing event, the uniformed clubs of the
party will parado and the night shall be filled with patriotic music. Eloquent exponents of Republican doc
trine will make brief and brilliant speeches, calculated to inspire the party workers with renewed energy and
enthusiasm for the battle next Tuesday.
Henry T. Gage, the Republican standard bearer, will be the leading speaker at the great demonstration to
night. He has stood up to his work manfully since the opening of the campaign, enduring hardships of travel
and campaigning that would wear out any ordinary man. He was in fine form yesterday, and will no doubt
make an inspiring speech at the mass meeting to-night. Among other speakers listed for the closing event are
Van R. Paterson, Tirey L. Ford, Frank McGowan. Julius Kahn, C. L, Patton, D. J. Murphy C. F. Curry, W.
F. Fitzgerald and W. A. Deane.
In Oakland Senator George C. Perkins and Victor Metcalf will address a vast assemblage of people. Mr.
Metcalf's address, which will be a speech of superior worth, will be published In full in The Call to-morrow
morning.
W. H. L. Barnes, the eloquent and popular orator of the campaign, will talk to the peopl e of Kern County
at a great outpouring of the masses at Bakersfleld to-night. Other speakers will hold forth at places desig
nated below:
Los Angeles, evening, George A. Knight; Santa Ana, afternoon, George A. Knight; Antloch, William R.
Davis; San Bernardino, D. E. McKinlay; Eureka, T. V. Eddy; Williams. C. W. Kyle; Ukiah, J. C. Campbell
and A. G. Booth; Reedley, Frank H. Short; Randsburg, Will A. Harris and C. F. McGlashan; Hanford, H. V.
Morehouse; Red Bluff, J. A. Barham; Gilroy, E. F. Loud and T. B. Hutchlnson; St. Helena, John T. Dare;
Snelllng, J. C. Needham; Pescadero, E. I. Wolfe; Nevada City, Judson Brusie; San Mateo, A. P. Van Duzer;
Dlxon, Myron E. Wolf and A. J. Buckles; Paso Robles, Frank F. Davis; Willows. J. G. Swinnerton; Rocklin, El
wood Bruner; Sacramento, F. D. Ryan and R. B. Carpenter; Quincy, J. M. Walling; Petaluma, L. V. Hitch
cock; Forest City, A. de Leur; Crescent City, E. Sevier; Veterans' Home, E. S. Salomon; Le Grande, M. C. Allen;
Lower Lake, Oregon Sanders; Wlllits, J. W. Johnston; Jackson, John F. Davis; Newman, T. G. Phelps.
Monday night — Sutter Creek, J. F. Davis; Nicolaus, Frank D. Ryan; Modesto, J. C. Needham; Palo Alto.
General Barnes; Crockett, D. E. McKinlay and John T. Dare; Hopland, J. W. Johnston; San Leandro. J. L.
Geary; Vallejo, George A. Knight; Stockton, J. G. Swinnerton; Oakland, Tirey I* Ford and E. S. Salomon;
Grass Valley, Judson Brusie; Chico, C. W. Kyle and E. Bruner; Alameda, Tirey L. Ford; Benlcla, A. P. Van
Duzer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATJTRDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
THE X=RAY REVEALS HIS REAL PURPOSE.
urging the support of the Republican ad
ministration. He was followed by various
candidates. Hon. A. C. Geary of San
Francisco, the speaker of the evening,
made an eloquent defense of the adminis
tration. He argued at length for the re
tention of the Philippines and the policy
of national expansion, evoking much ap
plause by his references to the heroes of
the late "war.
Alameda Democrats.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 4.— The largest gath
ering of the present campaign In Alameda
greeted Governor Budd in Armory Hall
to-night. The Democracy had an audi
ence that taxed the seating capacity of
the hall. Budd was given a most enthusi
astic reception. He charged the Republi
cans with avoiding the railroad question,
which he said was the only issue In the
campaign. He said it made no difference
if Maguire was a single-taxer, as he had
no more power to enact such a law than
the man in the moon. J. J. Tobin, Walter
D. Stradley and several of the county
candidates spoke. Stradley's address
captivated the audience, and he was fre
quently Interrupted by cheers.
CROSSED THE RUBICON.
I A certain member of the House of Rep
!- resentativee was railed on not long: ago to
' deliver a few remarks to a gathering of
' Sunday school scholars, and he chose
I "Determination" as the theme of his dls
{ course. Ranging along among those char-
I actors in history who have made them
selves familiar by their courage and r^eso
i lution, he logically touched upon the ca
| reer of Julius Caesar.
"And last," he said in an oratorical
i flight, "Julius Caesar, filled with the spirit
; that leads men on to glory and to ever
lasting fame, looked toward the wonderful
capital of his country sitting on the seven
hills and from her throne or beauty ruling
the world. He felt the pulses of his fu
ture greatness throbbing in his coursing
veins and from his serried legions' front,
far to the north, he saw the path that
'stretched from the tent door of the plain
commander of the Roman soldiery to the
golden steps of the imperial structure
that crowned the Capitollne Hill. Then he
gave the order to march, and the hosts
swept shouting forward until their course
was- stopped by the rolling floods of a
mlghtv stream rushing resistlessly to the
sen. Here Caesar halted, but for p.n in
stant only. In that Instant the glorious
visions of more glorious Rome filled his
ambitious being and Caesar crossed the
Rubicon. Crossed the Rubicon," he re
peated to Intensify his period, and then
asked with all the orator's fervor. "And
why did Caesar cross the Rubicon? I ask
you. why did Caesar cross the Rubicon?'
"I know," piped up a small boy before
the speaker could get to his next sen
tence "He crossed It 'cause he wanted to
git on the other side," and there spread
over the boy's face such an innocent look
of pleased triumph In having helped the
orator out that it was really heartless to
reprove him. But it crippled the speech
badly. -Washington Star.
GEORGIA'S CHAMPION MULE.
Judge Adair has a little black bank
mule that ought to be with a circus. He
hns plenty of brains and Is mischievous.
He found' a farmer's sack of corn In a
wagon, untied it. caught the other end
and shook the corn out and had a feast.
A hog grabbed an ear, but was sorry af
ter being run all over town for it. The
mule used to jump out of the back stable
window, open the door, and let all the
other mules out, then eat their corn.
When he gets whipped by a negro he
never fails to kick the right negro.—
Hawesville (Ga.) Clarion.
The greatest problem of the
church, discussed by leading local
divines, in next Sunday's Call.
A medical authority in Berlin declares
that not one of Germany's professional
bicyclists has a sound heart.
REPUBLICANS OF
REDLANDS RALLY
Nothing Like It Before
in the County.
TWO PRODIGAL SONS RETURN
POPULISTS WHO CANNOT GO
FOR MAGUIRE.
Stirring Speeches of Middle-of-the-
Roadsters That Are Greeted
With Wild Ap
plause.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, Nov. 4.— The Republi
can rally here to-night was one of the
biggest things politically of the cam
paign. The voluntary expression of
condemnation of the fusion Maguire
ticket by Hon. Z. B. Stewart, middle
of-the-road Populist nominee for As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court,
and Hon. Hugh Percy, candidate of
the same party for Congressman from
the Seventh District, created wild ex
citement and showed that their words
went to the hearts of voters present of
all faiths.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the crowd filed
Into Armory Hall, the marching clubs
and visitors taking reserved seats on
the stage. H. B. Wilson called the
- ADVERTISEMENTS. ?k&*i
®^'®®*®®M®®^®®^) © © © © © © © © © © © © ® ® ® ® ® ® ® : ® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ® ® © ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® .® ® ®
! Here is a specimen of the attractive bargains to be 1
I found in our Children's Department: I
0 ' L- L .I" ®
®- ■ %if if I f33fecrrf£lSi These suits are our high-class all- 1 ©
? IVI 010 1 C ! f•IT 1 : ||F^ii' wool Reefer Suits, 4to 8 -years, and j® :
0 ! ; , ' ,1 Josie Suits, Bto 14 years, made with J ®
® We Will OUtfit yOUr bOy V L^\ : \\ A best silk bindings and trimmings, in ®
0(4tO 14 years) thiS Week A /B.| " / our own factory, with particular care, %
© for $5.00. / •jgZlz^k , - and worth ever cent of. • - $5.00 ®
® v:. I ' -.. ../ The Shirt (mother's friend) is "• {S
@ ===============. I / worth 50 ®
® \ v "; ■ = ■;■:.._ J . v W ;'^ The Cap is worth ....... 25 ?
© As a special week's offer end- gj V X MJ _, _ . ' • .v «=- ®
© in? to-day, we will give your ■ /^^J^TB The T,e is worth $> 5 ©
© boy A SUIT. A "MOTHER'S M Wj/L^fe^Oft^^ I ', The Stockings are worth ... .25 ®
® FRIEND" SHIRT WAIST, A CAP, M f^^^^ \ W/Jo\ I The Suit of ' Underwear is '-%
® A SUIT OF UNDERWEAR, A TIE M ]^^^i\m^Am worth 100 ©
® and A PAIR OF STOCKINGS- H. M^^^^Ml w0nn. . .......... __ ®
© allfor •■ , l^^^P-l^^M TOTAL "■" $7 25 |
® H^K iSii >' * i^^^^T^^?^ } And : Mother's Boy can have THE V®-
® qjC/»V/\/# ! : 1 1,1 ENTIRE OUTFIT THIS CC %
®r/ I■■* ' : •-■ ; - / ;-;' /: "- ! '-- : l|- l}:\ llk WEEK f0r,. : .;..>.. >P»^ ©
| S. N. WOOD & CO., ™Jf*L2* j
© O* X 1X 1 © If V/v/i^ Ifc^ W\«^«« San Francisco.
_ - ' • -^T- '""--■ ; ■ il ■' ■ ' .*/' ''.' .'- ; ;' '". : .-* ■•■ ■■■.'''■■'.■'■ ■.'■'■■-"■■■■•■'.'■-•.■■.■■ '.• ■■•"•' r ® '
®®® ® © ©'© ©®®© © © © ® ® © ®.® © .© o©©©®©®®©©®®© © ® ® © ® ® © © ® © © ® ®®®
meeting to order and presented Judge
G. E. Otis as chairman of the evening.
After a long talk for party union Judge
Otis started to introduce the speaker
of the evening, when a gentleman in
the audience arose and asked to be al
lowed to say a few words. He was
called to the platform and proved to
be Z. B. Stewart, who made a short,
pithy speech that set the audience wild
with enthusiasm. Stewart's earnest
ness was Infectious and his arraign
ment or the party of organized greed
was severe, but deserved.
Hardly had Stewart closed when Hugh
Percy, a brother of the middle-of-the
roader, arose from the audience. His
request to speak was the signal for an
other storm of enthusiasm and his sen
timents met with a complete ovation.
He said, in part: "I also am one of the
middle-of-the-road Populists— an open
confession is always good for the soul.
(Cries of 'Good! good: That's so! 1 ) I
take this occasion to make the confes
sion, not only to you, but to the entire
world. I was one of the representatives
of San Bernardino County who met in
Sacramento for the purpose of nomi
nating the People's party ticket. In
the effort we were frustrated, by a class
of men who crept into the People's
party under the guise of honesty and
have undertaken to trade the principles
of our party for place and power. That
we will not permit. This necessitated
a division and we came to a parting of
ways. I thought at the time that we
had cleared the ship of state from the
barnacles which were hanging to her
hull, and that we would be able to go
into a clear political sea, but the Su
preme Court decided we had no place
on the ticket, and as good citizens we
bow to the law. There is. then, but one
thing left. That decision of the Su
p.erne Court practically forbade 40,000
citizens of California from casting their
votes for the principles they desired to
support. Thus we have a condition to
meet which few men in political life
have ever been confronted with. As
my friend Stewart said, I do nrrt love the
Republican party more, but despise any
party that will crawl in and undertake
to stand on so many platforms that it
would puzzle a centiped to furnish feet
for all of them.
"I ask you. Populist friends and Silver
Republican friends, how it is possible
for you to maintain the principles
which you advocate and yet support
James G. Maguire, or any man on that
ticket. I cannot, will not, support
James G. Maguire." (Cheers and cries
of That's right.)
George A. Knight then took the floor.
He first remarked that he had never
before believed in the Biblical story of
the Prodigal Son until the speeches of
the above gentlemen, but he was glad
to welcome them back and proud to see
them stand up for principle. He then
went on with a Republican speech that
was eloquently strong and created a
fine impression.
An overflow meeting was addressed
by Judge Rossiter of Pasadena. Thus
closed the greatest rally the county has
ever known.
"FOREVER NEVER."
"The 'forever, never* refrain of 'The Old
Clock on the Stairs' seems so entirely
the natural language of a ticking time
piece that It Is almost provoking to learn
that it was not directly suggested to
Longfellow by the voice of a clock. He
got the idea from an old French mission
ary." etc. I should doubt it. Do you
know some remarkable blank verse by
the late Lord Tennyson, written at 14.
quoted in the memoir by Hallam. ("Lord
Tennyson," volume I, page 26)?
"There's a clock in Pandemonium.
Hard by the burning throne of my great gr&nd
slre,
The flow vibrations of whose pendulum.
With clink-clack alternation to and fro.
Sound 'Ever, Never,' thro" the Courts of Hell."
The late Poet Laureate used to say
about these lines: "These are very good
lines for a boy, but if I were to publish
them now the press would at once say
that I had copied them from Longfellow,
or that Longfellow had copied them from
me."— The Spectator.
Shall We Keep the Philippines P
Public opinion Is divided as to the wisdom of
keeping the Philippines. Wise statesmen are
found on both sides of the question. Publlo
opinion, however. Is all one way In regard to
the wisdom of everybody keeping their health.
For this purpose Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
Is widely used. This medicine Is both pre
ventive and cure for malarial fevers, stomach
disorders, torpid liver and impure blood. It is
agreeable to weak stomachs and soothing to the
nerves.
3THOUSANDS RALLY TO
REPUBLICAN STANDARDS
GAGE ADDRESSES NINE
IMMENSE GATHERINGS
With Charles L. Patton and Others He
Is Given an Enthusiastic
Greeting.
A BIG bonfire on the corner of FHlmore
and Pine streets last evening at
tracted a crowd of over a thousand
of the citizens of the Western Addition
to Franklin Hall, where they were ad
dressed by Henry T. Gage, Eugene F.
Loud and nearly all of the candidates on
the municipal ticket. The audience was
as enthusiastic and as representative as
any that has gathered to applaud party
I favorites thus far in the campaign.
Henry T. Gage and Charles L. Patton
' were tendered an ovation that was Re
markable even among the many rousing
receptions that have been extended to
them since they began their fight, and
though neither gentleman spoke at length
they spoke to the point and their audience
demonstrated its satisfaction in round
after round of wild applause.
G. R. Fletcher, as chairman, introduced
John B. Carson, candidate for the Supe
rior Bench, as the first speaker of the
evening. Mr. Carson observed judicial
dignity to the extent that he ignored his
own case and appealed to his hearers for
support of the whole Republican ticket.
He urged that the voters of the State
should send a solid delegation to Congress
and elect a Republican Legislature in
order that President McKinley might not
lack the support that he will need in fur
thering the splendid plans that he has for
the future welfare of this country.
Mr. Carson was followed by John D.
Siebe, who found that he was just as pop
ular in the Western Addition as he is in
the other sections that he has canvassed.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud took Mr.
Siebe's place on the rostrum and roundly
denounced the course that has been pur
sued by James G. Maguire and his sup
porters during the campaign. Mr. Ma
guire's career in Congress he laid before
Ms hearers without any of the garlands
that James G. Magulre makes use of in
telling it, and to the fusion nominee's
action on the funding bill he paid par
ticular attention.
"My record." he said, "is clear to any
one who will read It, ajid I shall not
stoop to defend myself against any cur
who is ashamed to sign his name to his
lies."
Mr. Loud would have dealt further with
the Democratic roorback but for the ar
rival of Charles L. Patton. who had some
difficulty in making his way through the
crowd that had gathered to greet him.
He finally reached the stage, and he was
followed by genial Henry Martin, who
had even more difficulty in breaking in.
Mr. Patton promised that if elected he
would guarantee the dollar limit of taxa
tion and run the municipal business on
an economical ba?is, and with assurances
of victory left for other meetings.
Mr. Gage's arrival had been practically
given up, but a roar from out in the
street, that was carried up the stairway
and Into the haJl itstlf, anounced that
the party's standard bearer had arrived.
Cheers burst from a thousand throats
as the Governor-to-be entered the hall j
and with a good deal of hard work made j
his way to the platform. Mr. Gage did
nnt deal with party issues or allude in
any way to his opponent. Ho had come,
he said, to make the acquaintance of his
audience and assure them that victory
was to roOßt on the Republican standard
aftei the coming battle. He said that
there were eight other meetings that he
was obliged to attend, and that if his
audience would permit, he and his friends 1
would finish their rounds. He was glad
to have met them all and thanked thorn
feelingly for the royal greeting that they
had given him. He gave way to Judge !
Murphy and took his departure to the i
t=ame booming cheers that met him when
he came in.
Among those who followed Mr. Gage on
the roptrum were Ed I. Sheehan, A. P.
Black, Sig. Bettman, William Caldwell, !
George Collins, Thomas F. Graham, j
Judge Joacbimsen, I. J. Truman and Asa !
Wells, and all were well received.
A ROUSING
RECEPTION
FOR GAGE
The Republican nominees, both State
tnd municipal, met with a flattering re
ception at South San Francisco last night. I
Masonic Hall was crowded from floor to
gallery by the voters, their wives and
their children to greet the men who will
administer the laws of thp State and city
Tor the next term of official tenure. Ju
lius Kahn was the first to be presented, j
i He had hardily commenced his address j
when a commotion at the entrance an
nounced the arrival of the next Governor
Df the State. Henry T. Gage. Tho appear
ance of Mr. Gage on the floor brought the
house to its feet, and he was greeted with
a great cheer. On arriving on the plat
form Mr. Kahn.. gave way and Mr. Gage
was Introduced by the chairman. L. A.
Nonnemann.
The few words spoken by Mr. Gage were
well received. He apologised for the brev
ity of his remarks by saylngr that he had
nine more meetings to attend during the
evening.
Attorney General W. P. Fitzgerald,
nominee for City and County Attorney,
was the next speaker. He met with
equally as warm a reception as was ac
corded the nominee for Governor. In the
course of his remarks he paid a warm
tribute to C. S. Laumeister, nominee for
Railroad Commissioner. • His election to
the office he sought was assured, and
when he reached there the people would
be fairly dealt with by the railroad com
pany. Hia record as Sheriff for four years
was such as to Justify the people in again
placing him in office. The Republican
platform and the nominees placed before
the people by that party was without ex
ception the best that was ever placed be
fore any constituency. He felt assured of
the election of the entire ticket. (Ap
plause,)
The meeting was addressed by Colonel
J. H. Roberts, W. J. Martin, W. J. Her
rin, Charles L. Patton, Henry S. Martin,
F. M. Galvin, A. de la Torre and others.
MEN OF THE
>^8 CLUB
CHEER GAGE
The closing rally of the '98 Republican
Club fur this campaign waa hold last
night in Cadets' Hall. 335 McAllister
street. George D. O'Neill acted as chair
man In the absence of the president.
Many candidates were represented by
proxies, men who spoke not only for them
but for the entire Republican ticket.
Archie Campbell, the rising young attor
ney, was the first speaker. He read a
letter signed by the representative men
of the legal profession, recommending the
candidacy of A. B. Treadwell for Police
Judge. Mr. Campbell also spoke for
Henry T. Gage for Governor and for
Charles L. Patton for Mayor.
Edgar Briggs championed the cause of
John D. Slebe, Republican nominee for
Assessor.
James E. Fields commended Charles L.
Patton especially to the voters. He spoke
of him as a capable, honest man from the
ground up. Every man on the Republi
can ticket, he said, was good and would
render good services to the people if
elected.
Clarence Gray acted as sponsor for J.
G. Edwards, candidate for State Board of
Equalization.
Alexander W. McPherson spoke strongly
for the Republican standard bearer and
all the men on the ticket.
Henry T. Gage arrived late, but this did
not dampen the ardor of the Republicans.
He remained with them a few minutes
and departed with cheers for hia success
and for the success of Charles L. Patton
j ringing in his ears.
GAGE HAS WON
THE MEN WHO
OPPOSED HIM
Henry T. Gage appeared in the Thirty
slxth Assembly District last night at Dv-
I veneck's Hall, corner o* Twenty-fourth
and Church Btreets. Although the dis
trict is down on the maps as a Demo
cratic one, this fact was not in evidence
when the standard bearer of Republican
principles entered the hall and ascended
the rostrum. He was greeted with ap
plause, and many ladies in the audience
arose and joined in the hearty reception.
When the crowd ceased ite cheering Mr.
: Gage spoke as follows:
"Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen—
I This kindly reception I know is not ac
corded to me because of personal feeling,
but it is manifested because I am the
representative of great principles—princi
ples with which you are all familiar, and
which have necessitated this campaign
which we are Just closing.
"I did not come here to address you, i
but to report to you that I have visited '
fifty of the fifty-seven counties of this
State, and that on the Bth of November !
the Republican party will achieve the j
j greatest victory that It has ever known. :
i The reasons for this are numerous. The i
fusion party Is arrayed against property |
rights and against the rights of man. I
simply want to thank you for what you
have done for me and for what I know
i you will do for me next Tuesday."
The speaker concluded with a pledge
i that when elected he would conduct a
pure, business-like and economical ad
ministration, free from all railroad and
i corporation influence, and that he would
be guided by a desire to do right between
man and man, allotting to the poor and
humble that share of the wealth of
Republican liberty that is their due.
Charles Patton was enthusiastically re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
celved and discussed the issues in • the mu
nicipal fight. : He was followed by I. J. :
Truman, William A. Deane and Hon. My
ron E. Wolf. H. J. Rlggins acted as chair
man. ' ■ ~"~
.: ■..-■, , -■'■"» '1,1 r'. ■ >. >... 4 \. : ••:■,•-.•
REPUBLICANS
CANDIDATES
ARE CHEERED
The Official Republican Club of the
Thirty-eighth Asseiribly District was
alive last night with enthusiasm. It was
the occasion of a regular meeting at
Hamilton Hall, on Geary and Steiner
streets, and the best speakers were there
to entertain an audience that packed the
hall.
Qus Pohlman. who presided, first intro
duced ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, who spoke
at some length on the national policy and
the necessity of returning to Congress
Eugene F. Loud, a man who would best
represent the principles of the adminis-
WHITE DEFENDS VAN FLEET.
Declares the Able Associate Supreme Justice to
Have Been Unjustly Accused.
In the address delivered by Senator White at San Rafael last Satur
day, in commenting: upon the decision announced in the Fox case, he said
that while he advocated the election of the fusion' nominees for the Su
preme bench, he had known Judge Van Fleet for many years, and although
he. intended to continue to insist upon the success of those who depended
upon the fusion nomination, nevertheless he would not be a party to any
injustice as to any ndminee upon the Republican ticket, and that he had
heretofore shown. this disposition.
He added that he had defended Mr. Gage against aspersions unfound
ed that he expected Republicans to defend him if he were similarly un
justly assailed and that he would now say that he did not believe Judge
Van Fleet ever decided or intended to decide that the responsibilities of
any corporation were limited in any degree because of the poverty or
wealth of a defendant in a suit.
tratlon. The Judge then explained his
position In the Wallace Grand Jury case
to the satisfaction of all.
John D. Siebe was their Introduced and
he made one of his characteristic
speeches. Winning: loud applause. J«st at
the conclusion of Siebe's speech Charles
L. Patton entered the hall and then the
audience turned loose. The people arose
In their seats and cheered for the next
Mayor. After quiet was restored Patton
took the platform and in a few brief
words told the audience what the princi
ples of the Republican platform are and
promised to serve the best interests of
the people if he were elected. He dis
claimed all connection with corporate
power and clearly explained his views on
the labor question. The conclusion of Pat
ton's speech won the candidate for the
Mayoralty another round of cheering and
good wishes.
Henry T. Gage followed Patton, and it
was some minutes after his entry before
he was permitted to begin speaking. The
gubernatorial candidate said but a few
words, but they were encouraging to the
Republicans gathered in the hall. He said
that he had canvassed the State and that
his only deduction from the atate of af
fairs was that the Republican ticket was
sure to win.
OVERFLOW
MEETING
FOR GAGE
The Republicans of the western portion
of the city turned out in such numbers
last night that the meeting In Langtry
Hall, 3206 California street, was an over
flow meeting, and long before Mr Gage ar
rived a larger hall had to be secured to
accommodate the crowd. Frank Powers
presided, and the first speaker of the
evening was Charles L. Patton, who, as
.he entered, was greeted as the next
Mayor of the city. He spoke briefly and
to the point. He said he was in favor of
the confirmation of the new city charter
because the majority of the people were
In favor of it. He pledged himself, if
elected, to stand by the party platform,
and stated that he was not bound by any
corporate influence or the railroad.
The arrival of Henry T. Gage at 10
o'clock was the signal for prolonged
cheering. The next Governor did not dis
cuss the issues of the campaign. He said
he had already done that in this city at
thirty meetings. He promised the people,
if elected, and he said that he would be,
to give them a fair and impartial adminis-
i tration. Mr. Gage denied that he was the
bonded servant of any corporation or
railroad, and he said that his administra
tion would be marked by fairness to every
man and that he would do what he con
ceived to be his honest duty.
HENRY GAGE
CHEERED TO
THE ECHO
The meeting last night of the Republi
can Argonaut Club In its hall at the cor
ner of Hyde and California streets was a
grand and glorious finale to the great
work that the club has done during this
campaign. Frank P. Kelly presided. The
m&etlzur was addressed by Charles L. Pat
ton, Julius Kahn and a number of the
other candidates. It was nearly 11 o'clock
before Henry T. Gage arrived. His en
trance into the hall was the event of the
evening. The crowd rose to its feet and
for fully five minutes cheered for the next
Governor of California. During this ap
plause Mr. Gage stood on the platform
bowing his acknowledgments to the
crowd, but they would not desist from ex
pressing their approval of the grtat stan
dard bearer of the Republican party, so
he was obliged to wait until the demon
stration had subsided. When quiet was
jßnally restored Mr. Gage thanked the
crowd for its kind and hearty reception.
He- said that he was not present to dis
cuss the Issues of the campaign, as every
one was familiar with the platform on
which he stood. This provoked great
cheering. Mr. Gage then went on to say
that if he was elected he would give the
State a fair and impartial administration,
and' that he would see that justice was
done tcr the lowest and the greatest alike,
and that he would make no discrimina
tions. He prophesied that he would be
elected and denied that he had been or
would be controlled by any corporate in
fluence.
CANDIDATES
ARE GIVEN A
RECEPTION
The Republicans in the Thirtieth Assem
bly District held a reception in honor of
Henry T. Gage and other prominent can
didates on the Republican ticket last
evening in the Athletic Hall on the cor
ner of Sixth and Shipley streets. In the
addresses delivered they heard, probably
for the last time before election, the senti
ments of the standard bearers for whose
election they are to extend their suffrages
and universal support.
Owing to urgent engagements in other
sections of the city Mr. Gage was unable
to be present, but sent his regrets, thank-
Ing the Republicans In. the district for
their loyalty to his cause, and to their
party.
Charles I* Patton was the principal
speaker of the evening. Upon his fnltial
appearance in the hail he was tendered a
most cordiar and enthusiastic welcome.
The theme which he selected was the firm
and liberal basis upon which the Repub
lican party is built. He emphasized the
protection it affords the laboring man,
not only in this municipality, but through
out the entire State.
Among the various other speakers were
Julius Kahn and Louis A. Devoto.
These candidates, as did the majority
of those who spoke, followed in the same
general course of argument Introduced
by Patton and Kahn. The event was very
successful and enjoyable.
MANY VOTES
MAY BE LOST
BY REMOVALS
There seems to have been some misun
derstanding of late concerning the right
of voters to change their residence prior
to election without forfeiting their fran
chises. Registrar Biggy stated some time
ago through The Call and other papers
that a change of residence within thirty
days of election would disfranchise a
voter and he has constantly repeated this
statement to persons who have called at
the registration office in quest of informa
tion. Despite this effort to disseminate
the facts there seems to have been many
voters who failed to comprehend the Reg
istrar's meaning and frequent changes of
residences have taken place recently,
which would probably not have occurred
had the status of the case been under
stood.
As it now stands the Registrar believes
that about 4000 voters have technically
disfranchised themselves through changes
of residence. He states, however, that
these voters will, in most cases, probably
meet with little opposition at the polls, if
they swear in their votes. Others who are
perhaps as well versed in election laws as
Mr. Biggy state positively that no man
loses his vote by a removal, as the law
holds that the legal residence remains in
the old precinct until a voter registers in
a new one. The question is a vexatious
one and will perhaps give rise to entan
glements.
Yesterday the Registrar received sev
eral letters from citizens who had tempo
rarily changed their places of abode in the
city Inquiring if they were thereby dis
franchised. To these Mr. Biggy replied
that they would not lose their votes as a
temporary change did not imply a perma
nent change of residence, and that they
were entitled to vote in their home pre
cinct.
In order to make his position cleat In the
matter the Registrar has just had printed
a large number of cards to be displayed
at the election booths, on which the fol
lowing statements appear:
To Boards of Election: Every elector duly
qualified whosa name appears upon the pre
cinct register, and who has continued to reside
within the exterior boundaries of such elec
tion precinct to the day of election, la enti
tled to vote. Every elector whose name ap
pears upon the precinct register and who has
moved his residence outside the exterior bound
aries of the election precinct Is not entitled to
vote. The electors whose names appear upon
the precinct register as having removed, must
be carefully examined, and If found to still
reside within the election precinct, allowed to
vote. Do not send electors to the Board of
Election Commissioners to determine any ques
tion or challenge under sections 1230 to 1238 In
clusive. See pages 32-33-34 of election- laws.
PARDEE TO THE BOLTERS.
Oaland's Favorite Son Has a Word to
Say to Political Soreheads.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Dr. George C. Par
dee is confident that the Republican State
and county ticket will carry Jn Alameda
County by a large majority. In his speech
in the Seventh Ward last night he in
dignantly repudiated the many slurs that
have been thrown -by fusionists at the
San Leandro convention. "I had some
thing to do with the nomination of that
ticket," said Dr. Pardee. "I was in the
convention and I know something of the
way the nominations were made, and I
want to say now that all the wild talk
indulged in about it, to put the matter
mildly, is an exaggeration. The wild talk
about a slate, about rings, about Dan
Burns, the railroad, or San ' Francisco pol-
iticians running the convention is, to
put It mildly again, untrue. Do you mean
to tell me that the Republicans of Ala
meda County were so absolutely lost to
decency and manhood that they w>re
ruled with a rod of iron by Dan Burns
or by a railroad and dare not get out
on primary day and vote? The man who
says that insults the intelligence of his
hearers, insults every one who is a man
in the county. Mr. Maguire has said that
Mr. Gage is" owned by the railroad. You
and I have heard Mr. Gage deny this in
such a way that unless he is one of the
greatest dissimulators on earth he is tell
ing the truth. Further than these consid
erations is the fact that Mr. Gage is the
nominee of the Republican party of Cali
fornia."
A SCURRILOUS CIRCULAR.
Opponents of William A. Deane Re
sort to an Anonymous and Ly
ing Appeal to Voters.
The Democratic roorback of Infamous
history has made its appearance in the
present campaign.
In doing so it has realized weeks of ex
pectancy and has proved that The Call's
warning to beware of it was well
grounded.
It makes its first bow to a supposedly
unsophisticated public in the shape of a
scurrilous and unsigned circular di
rected against William A, Deane, Re-
I>uUioan nominee for the office of
County Clerk. Its text is nothing
more specific than slanderous insin
uation. It is so utterly without foun
dation that its instigators have failed to
attach their names, and have been so
careful in hiding their crookedness and
veiling their allegations in intangible
terms that no clew to their identity is to
be found upon the face of their screed.
The name of John A. Brown, Mr.
Deane's opponent, appears frequently in
the article, which was evidently intended
to help his cause, but as Mr. Brown is
known not only to his party but to his
party's opponents as a gentleman and a
fair fighter it is assumed that the attack
upon Mr. Deane is without his knowledge
or authority.
Bears Are in the Fight.
The Bear Club held a meeting Thursday
night at its quarters in B'nai B'rith Hall
on Eddy street for the purpose of map
ping out a plan of district campaign.
President Collins urged every man to do
his utmost for the success of the entire
Republican ticket. In an eloquent speech
he predicted a sweeping victory for both
State and local tickets, but at the same
time said that it was not yet time to cease
fighting. The club formally accepted an
invitation to be present to-morrow even
ing at a meeting of the affiliated clubs at
Woodward's Pavilion, and with rousing
cheers and a promise to be on duty on
election day the meeting stood adjourned.
Bio's Joological Gardens.
Rio de Janeiro has some active agents
of publicity who themselves possess tht
gift of tongufes. Certain of thes« gentle
men who feel an interest in the Zoologi
cal Gardens of Rio have lately decided to
advertise this attraction among the
strangers and pilgrims coming into the
harbor. They have, therefore, issued a
circular "to visitor* lying at anchor,"
i which is expressed tn Portuguese, Eng
| listr, French and German, and which de
serves to be quoted in part as a specimen
I of English as she is spoken by the un
i attached professor. The circular runs
I thus: "Joologlcal Gardens— ln these gar
i dens the visitor will find jsoum' of rarest
I et best specimens of wttd beasts of Bra
! zil. also a collection of Sn»ks>- (snakes) ,
! repliles, &o. Whirk will prov«r a source
of witerest et Entertainment tv many
i who haor a four bours to spau whib in
: Rio Janeiro. Tramways belagning to
Compy Evry 10 Minutes." It is obscure,
but one seems to feel what the Joological.
Gardens are driving at. The Teuton finds
himself in a worse case. He is invited to
tho "Garten au Bar," and will hardly be
flattered to find that his beloved Bier
garten has been converted into bear
garden by the lively Portuguese.— Pall
Mall Gazette.
j MONABCHS AND MILLIONAIRES.
Both at home and abroad the lavish
way in which American millionaires scat
ter their wealth has beon gratefully ac
knowledged by tradesmen large and
small. This is a democratic country, but
our moneyed men have certainly ac
quired royalty's taste for expensive liv
ing. We have palaces in this country that
the kings and queens of the Old World
would consider fit abodes for the mighti
est monarch, and our men of vast means
lack nothing that royalty enjoys beyond
empty honor.
Nor does the wealth of those rulers of
nations surpass that of some of our rich
citizens. The Queen of England, says the
Philadelphia Times, though the ruler of
the biggest and richest empire the world
has ever seen, is by no means the richest
person on earth. In fact, her salary.
$1,925,000 a year, is one of the smallest
paid to any ruler on the globe. And of
the $1,925,000, all ey«pt $480,000 is spent by
the Lord Chamberlair. the master of the
horse, and the Lord Treasurer, who are
responsible for the maintenance of the
royal household. And of the $450,000, $180,
000 is put by for a rainy day, so that
the exact amount received by her Majes
ty is only $300,000, as fixed by Parliament.
Compared with the big incomes of the
American millionaires, this is paltry in
deed. Hers, too, is the smallest salary
that any British sovereign has ever re
ceived. Most of the Queen's predecessors
on the throne had at least $4,000,000 a
year. By economy and frugality the
BETTING ON THE ELECTION.
Men Who Have Money to
Wager Favor Gage and
Patton.
V All kinds of ' Pattern money finding no takers and Gage on the long end
of 100 to 80, vith no one to buy is the way '.the betting on ; the result of
next Tuesday's; battle is showing up on the books of those who are writ
101 0 ST WBCt 1 V S "
It is the betting' that shows how "i the ' political- zephyrs are blowing
I THe campaign opened with Phelan money offering at odds of from 100 to 20
up. Three weeks ago Greene Bros.. locked up in their. safe a bet of 51000 to
$300 with Phelan son the long end; to-day they have a coffer of Patton shek
els and can find no one to buy at even money. :^ : -.i. . ;-' f .
Two weeks ago the odds were laid at 100 to 60 in Phelan s favor. Mr.
,; Patton and his faculty for.making friends raised this to 100 to 85 and 90 a
week later and inquiry made yesterday at every poolroom in town devel
oped the fact that odds had been eliminated and that Patton money, even
■ with a fraction allowed as odds to offset Fhelan's increasing unpopular
ity, could find no takers. _ .. ■ • ■• _ ■•■.■■.' ,• : _, ■ . ._
The 'biggest- bet'of the week, went into the Grand Hotel safe Wednesday
night. A certified check for $5000 was put up to cover a like document for
$4000 Phelan dangling at the short end. On the same day the Baldwin cigar
store people covered • a. bet of $3000 at even money on the same proposition.
Gage is ruling at the poolrooms at 100. to 80, but absolutely no takers are
turning up v for odds. -" Henry Martin, for Sheriff, is ruling. at. 10 to 7 and
Billy Deane is finding a good bit of money on : his fight ■ fox the County
; , Clerk's office at odds of a clean 2tol in his favor., .'.■ • .\}_l;- ::■■■.;■ ■ -■:
'■> A bunch of $10,000 found its way yesterday from.a well-known Montgom
'•"ery -street coterie to a Kearny-street agent and :it will be in evidence on
V Saturday evening at the .; Baldwin^ cigar ; store as a simple pledge of ' faith
in the success of Charles L.. Patton. ■- : ~ ■--_". - ."• V-; : ■. ' i"^' ! ■-.■':■ ". / : :i _
--'■'• The wise ones ; are . accounting for the timidity of : Phelan money with
•the explanation that iit is being held back until the eleventh hour, for fear
that a deluge of good red gold ) at this [ time . might tend ,to j influence | the re
sult of the election.' With betting as it rules to-day there is no desire on
" the part of the short end money holders to try: any experiments along that
. line.
! Queen has been able to purchase 37,000
, acres of good land in Great Britain, yield
' ing a rent roll of about $125,000 a year,
i She also owns considerable property in
'■ Germany, a large quantity in New York
'and thousands of acres in Manitoba and
I "out West." But with all these savings,
she is poorer than many of our wealthy-
m c"areraont House, Osborne and Bal
' moral are the private properties of the
! Queen. The first named, standing in its
! estate of 460 acres, she bought for $370,000
—a decided bargain, for it originally cost
\ Lord Clive $750,000. Balmoral -and Cs
borne are said to be worth $2,000,000. in
; addition to her property at Coburg, the
Queen also possesses a villa at Baden, be
i queathed to her by the Princess of Ho
henlohe. , .
The' royal family of England is not only
i the cheapest that the country haa ever
had, but it is also the most inexpensive
in the world. The entire expense of tb«
whole British royal family amoums to
i only $525,000 a year, for against the total
1 expenditure of $2,000,000 must be set tne
I receipt of $2,075,000 from crown lands.
■ leaving the above net cost. Nearly all
i European sovereigns receive much nigno
salaries than the Queen. The Emperor
! of Russia has complete control over tn«
revenue of his c>jun*.ry, but he only draws
• $12,500,000 a war. The. Sultan takes i $V
000 000 the Emperor of Austria $4,&>0.009
! and the Kaiser Wilhelm $3,650,000. 'Ihe
i King of Italy receives $2,925.000— the same
; sum as the whole British family— and the
I King of the Belgians gets only $620,000 a
year.
The private property or sovereigns is
also very great. The Russian Imperial
family is the richest of ail royal houses,
and probably among commoners also.
Apart from 'his salary as ruler, which
amotmts to twelve and a half million dol
lars yearly, the Czar, as head of the
house of Romanoffs, owns 21,000,000 acrea
■ of land in different parts of Russia,
These yield more than $10,000,000; $2,500.
000 of this is paid in allowances to forty
six grand diikes and duchesses, and the
remainder is at the disposal of the Czar,
who thus enjoys the enormous income of
$17,500,000 a year— s2ooo per hour. The Czar
is also the owner of much valuable prop
" erty all over the world, and especially
in the United States. The daughter of
the Czar and Czarina, the infant Grand
Duchess Olga^ is the richest heiress in
the world. The week she was born
$5 000,000 was settled upon her. The sum
was invested in British, French and for
eign securities as a precaution against
the possibility of a revolution in Russia,
The Hapsburgs, the royal house of Aus
tria, are very little, if any, poorer than
the Romanoffs. They own immense land
ed estates, and have also inherited large
private fortunes. The income of the Aus
trian imperial family is not less than
$7,500,000. in addition to the grants from
the state.
The Hohenzollerns have a private in
come of nearly $5,000,000 per annum, par
tially derived from large investments in
New York. The Italian royal family has
a private income of $3,000,000 a year, also
derived- from American property. Thus
the British royal family is by far the
poorest of the great ruling housese.
The Sultan of Turkey as a despot is, of
course, fabulously rich. His annual ex
penses are said to amount to $30,000,000;
$7 500,000 of this goes for the cloth
ing of his harem, $400,000 for his own
wardrobe. $7,500,000 for presents. $5,000,000
for pocket money and another $5,000,000 for
his table. It seems Incredible that one
man can spend so much money in one
year, but when it is remembered that
pome 1500 people live within the palace
walls— live luxuriously and dress expen
sively—at the cost of the civil list, it ap
pears more comprehensible.
TJ4E f piESJ y\JND
T^E fOLIJICI^J
By JiLICE RIX
\r\ Next Sunday's Gall.J, G, MAGUIRE
DENOUNCED BY
JOHN P, IRISH
Inside of the Funding
Bill Issue.
IT WAS FAVORED BY WHITE
MAGUIRE STANDS ALONE IN
HIS BIASED Ox INION.
Senate as a Whole Favored a Just
Measure Which Was and Is
Opposed by the "Lit
tle Giant/
John P. Irish, a Democrat of the old
school, in the name of the memory of the
once honored policy of his party and In
the name of justice, tcok the platform
at Metropolitan Temple last night and in
eloquent words denounced the methods
now pursued by the fusion candidate for
"Governor, showed where those things
Maguire considers issues are false issues
and brought to light true issues that have
been obscured behind the veil of the false.
A storm of applause greeted the orator
when he ascended the platform. He was
, introduced and without delay began. "It
is my belief that at this time a state
ment should be made regarding 1 the false
issues that have been raised during this
campaign, and a statement as well on the
true issues that have been hidden. The
battle cry has been sounding now more
than two months, and to me it seems that
campaigners have been appealing to the
prejudices and passions of the people and
have sadly neglected principles.
"The fusion candidate for Governor, of
whom I speak with the greatest respect,
has considered it his duty to confine
himself to one matter, and that matter
which he considers an issue I consider a
false issue and therefore no issue. Be
hind that matter, however, he has veiled
a true issue — one of which I wish to
speak. The matter most referred to by
Mr. Maguire, the fusion candidate, is
what is called the funding bill. This in
form appears as an amendment of the
general deficiency bill. This amendment
the funding bill, was prepared by Senator
Stephen M. White of California in con
sultation with the fusion candidate and
other representatives of California. When
completed this bill extended the time of
payment of the railroad debt to this Gov- i
eminent ten years, and it was provided
that the debt should be paid in semi
yearly installments. Maguire denounces
that amendment as a measure through
which he can play to the prejudices of
the voting people. The bill was carried
by the entire vote of the Senate, and now '
the fusion candidate comes before us as I
the gallant young man 'Tim,' who joined
the army and whose proud mother in
formed her friends that every one in the
regiment was out of step except Tim.
Every member of the Senate was out of
step and Maguire in the other house led
with the proper foot to the beat of the
drum.
"This fusion candidate has traveled up
and down this State playing on the same
string. He has made no mention of our
public institutions or has builded no fight
on broad or lofty principles. He is a fu
sion candidate. The people have always
repudiated fusion candidates, as fusion
breeds distrust. They have also an aver
sion to office-seekers, especially those
■who. when presented with three plat
forms, bowed low and accepted all. al
though different, as exactly voicing their
sentiments and views.
"The true issue of this campaign is j
Bound money. The people of this nation
with prospects of increasing commerce
need a sound financial basis more than '
ever."
The sneaker then gave a logical synop
sis of the money question, referred to the
scandals that have visited our public in
stitutions during the present administra
tion, grilled Maguire on his single tax in
clinations, and concluded with an eloquent
appeal to the people to support law ajid
. order and the constitution of the United
States, which provides for equal rights
"for all men and all bodies of men asso
ciated in corporations as long as they do
not transgress on the law of the land.
ATTORNEYS
COMPLIMENT
CHARLES CURRY
Commend His Work
as County Clerk.
Many of the representative men of the
legal profession in this city have Joined
in commending the administration of
Charles F. Curry as County Clerk.
Through his office pass all the documents
pertaining to the courts and offices of the
city. The attorneys are thus brought into
close relationship with the County Clerk
and his deputies. These men bear testi
mony to Mr. Curry's executive ability,
and to the courtesy and attentiveness of
the men whom he selected as assistants
In his office. Tho memorial from the at
torneys follows:
"We, the undersigned attorneys, who
have for several years last past had much
business In the office of the County Clerk
of the city and county of San Francisco,
and who believe that it is simply an act
of justice due to Charles F. Curry, irre
spective of our party affiliations, to make
tho following statement in his behalf,
hereby certify our opinions as follows:
Wo have found the deputies in his office
thoroughly obliging, competent and at
tentive men, quite as much so as in any
previous administration. We have found
his clerks and appointees courteous and
prompt in their attentions. We believe
the detailed work of the office has been
promptly and competently administered.
We fortify our belief in Mr. Curry's exec
utive ability and are confident of his en
tire qualifications for ?. n office demand
ing that kind of capacity. We believe
that if he is elected Secretary of State
his administration will be a credit to him
self and to the entire State. Van R. Pat
erson. Charles L. Ackerman, D. Frleden
rich, M. S. Eisner, J. C. Campbell; Short
ridge, Beatty & Brittain; Henry B. High
ton, William H. Abbott. Oliver Olsen, M.
Cooney, M. M. Estee, J. Naphtaly, R. H.
Lloyd, Charles S. Wheeler, James L.
•Robinson. Charles W. Slack, Benjamin
Healey, Walter H. Levy, George R. Wells.
Talked on Local Issues.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
the Twenty-ninth District had a big rally
Thursday evening and a general good time
at their headquarters at Riordan's HaJl at
Third and Howard streets?. Among the
speakers who wore present were Dr.
Hoina Colonel Jones and Thomas Gra
ham. J hey addressed their audience on
local and State Issues and pointed to the
necessity of returning to "Congress a solid
Republican delegation. The meeting was
wound up with refreshments and songs
by Charlie Hurley and Emmett ("allaghan
not forgetting three cheers and numerous
tigers for Gage ur.d the rest of tho ticket
Independents Will Bally.
The Independent Club of the Forty-first
District will hold its last grand rally this
evening at 8 o'clock at the corner of
Francisco and FUlmore streets.
MAYOR PHELAN
AND MARKET
STREET PAVING
Refused to Sign the
Ordinance.
IT BECAME LAW BY DEFAULT
HE CLAIMS CREDIT FOR THE
ENTERPRISE.
The Official Records and His Speeches
Plaoe the Dodging Omcial ia
a Very Embarrassing
Position.
I challenge him (Patton) to give
one single instance where the present
administration has done anything
against the interests of labor.
The foregoing is an extract from a
speech delivered by Mayor Pholan on Oc
tober 19 and published in the Examiner on
the 20th ult. The occasion was one on
■which Mr. Phelan was telling the voters
congregated in Central Hall what a great
friend he was to the laboring man and
how cruel it was to accuse him of oppos
ing the interests of the sons of toil.
His Honor has endeavored to do the
HOW MR, PHELAN PAVED MARKET STREET.
The above Resolution, No. 943 (Fourth
Series), not having been approved by his
Honor the Mayor and ex-off icio president
of the Board of Supervisors, or returned
to this board with objections thereto,
within ten days of the presentation there
of,has become valid in accordance with the
provisions of section No. 68 of the Con
solidation Act, on this 23d day of April,
3898.
ap3s 3t JOHN A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
From the Resolution for Paving Market Street,
From Second to Fifth, Published in the
Daily Report April 25, 1898.
modest candidate act in this campaign,
and has usually avoided making explicit
statements as to the particular things
he has accomplished for laboring men, for
reasons not necessary to explain. How
ever, in the speech referred to his desire
to "boost" himself in the estimation of
the voters of the city led him to make a
misstatement of fact, and the result is
that he is "hoist by his own petard."
The Mayor became enthusiastic in
praising himself and in the course of his
address injudiciously took up the popu
lar subject of the new paving: of Market
street. He and his advocates have taken
great pains to impress upon the public
that he was responsible for that pioce of
enterprise, but have done so in an
evasive way. The dodging, deceptive
method of dealing witn the people adopt
ed by Mr. Phelan is Illustrated in the
speech in question. Mr. Phelan, through
the columns of his organ, said:
Some of the newspapers of the city
are attempting to mislead you and
are making attacks upon us for what
we have done. . . In a morning pa
per of the Republican persuasion there
appears a belittling attack upon our
street work, the work that we have
done on Market street, which has con
verted that street into a beautiful
thoroughfare, which attracts our vis
itors and keeps our people here.
Mr. Phelan then proceeded to throw
more bouquets at himself about what he
ha 6 accomplished In the repaying of the
city's greatest thoroughfare, but the of
ficial records show that the Mayor de
liberately avoided the responsibility of
signing the order for this Important re
paying work, and that he did not attach
his signature to It. The resolution be
came a law by default, and the fact was
attested by the clerk of the Board of Su
pervisors in the official publication on
April 25. The accompanying extract from
the resolutions shows how brazenly Mr.
Phelan has deceived the public in this
matter, and how deeply he was interested
in the repaying of Market street.
President Ma so of Cuba writes
about the future of that island in
next Sunday's CalL
TRIBUTE TO A WOMAN'S COURAGE.
MRS. M. P. ROSE, a well known resident of Shasta County, is
to be the recipient of a medal from the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children for an act of heroism performed by her in the
rescue of the little son of Dr. M. M. Rowley of Fall River Mills, from
drowning in a deep well. The account of the accident and rescue was pub
lished, in The Call of September 10. A party was out picking, plums and
the boy wandered away and fell into a well sixty feet deep. * There was
a man In the party, but he refused to undertake the rescue, although the
cries of the little fellow in the bot
tom of the well 'appealed, to all pres
ent in a most, pitiful manner. -Mrs. •
Rose could not stand by against such ■
an appeal, and although others tried ■
to dissuade her from such a dan- -
gerous undertaking, she went down -
into the depths or. a very slender ■
rope and found the little fellow -
clinging to a rock. ■ ■ .'■
The account of the heroic rescue -
published in The Call caused Gilbert -
Palache of the society to . write to -
J. W. Hare of Redding for more par- -
ticulars. In his letter he said: ' -
I will state that the California Society -
for the Prevention of Cruelty ■'-- to Chll- -.
dren.'of which I am an honored member, .:
recognizes such acts of . heroism, when ,>
connected with: children, by • conferring •
the ' society's : medal on | the brave ; res- -.
cuer, and it would afford me great pleas- . -
re to have the noble-hearted Mrs. Rose ->
endowed with the medal. '•;■.; , • «
A few days later Mr. Palache re- 1
celved an answer, from Mr. Hare in ■ -
which he says: ,
I am In ' receipt of -. yours of the .' 7th T-i
Inst. As far as I;. know and have been • -<
able to find out the particulars 'of the: -<
rescue 'of Dr. Rowley's little son,', as de- I ■*
scribed in The Call of September 10, are -4
substantially i correct. ■' - After ' the man 4
; who was at hand declined to take the 4
risk of descending | the | well, - Mrs. Rose . 4
was lowered Into the well, straddling the '^
bucket, and thus rescued the boy. The 4
epth of the well was about "sixty feet 4
. ..., ..  . and It contained -from -two. to three feet •-<
of water. Mrs. Rose is the daughter-in-law of our : District Attorney, Mr. ,M. P."~%
Rose, . and • the rescued boy is the son ' of ', Dr. M. :M. Rowley,' a prominent citizen '-4
of Fall River Mills, this county, where he practices medicine. " ; 4
Secretary Parnell was at once : instructed to strike off a medal, which V-<
will be sent to the brave woman In a few 'days. , ■ . .<
, ,':•'■'- '. : '■■' , , : \ ' ' .'■ ■ ■ . ...:'. . '"' .■ .- »"*.*■<
THE SAjS" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
UNION RALLY
AT MECHANICS'
PAVILION
Maguire Special Was
Hours Late.
RAILROAD HOBBY RIDDEN
— — — — —
ALL THE SPELLBINDERS SANG
THE SAME OLD SONG.
Senator White, Governor Budd, May
or Phelan, W. H. Alford and
Others Addressed th»
Assemblage.
Mechanics* Pavilion was filled last nlpht
by men and women who wished to hear
the issues of the present State and local
campaign expatiated upon by the leaders
of the fusion forces. But two or three of
the noted speakers ha I sufficiently pen
etrating voices to reach the people forty
feet from the stand, and as these few
said practically all the others repeated,
there was no occasion for the outsiders
to strain their ears.
Lieutenant Governor Jeter called the
assemblage to order by pounding on an
anvil. He attempted to say a few words
by way of starting the old, old railroad
hobby-horse a-rocking, but the only ones
who heard him were the other orators.
The band played "Dixie,"" a young lady
sang "The Star Spangled Banner," and
then W. H. Alford, after Informing the
audience that the special train bearing
James G. Maguire from the north was
four hours late, delivered his stereotyped
campaign speech. He was followeu by
William Craig and J. J. Dwyer, whose
speeches were delivered in installments,
owing to repeated Interruptions by a band
In the rear of the pavilion.
Senator White received a hearty recep
tion and, like Dwyer, was unable to com
plete his address, because of the entrance
of Mayor Phelan. The Mayor received
the greatest demonstration of the even
ing. He spoke for fifteen or twenty min
utes on municipal issues, dilating upon
the urgent necessity of electing a Demo
cratic Legislature to ratify the new char
ter. James H. Barry followed the Mayoi'
and delivered his customary tirade upon
C P. Huntington and the Southern Pa
cific, and assailing Justices Van Fleet
and McFarland in his usual intemperate
manner. He advised railroad employe*
to make hypocrites of themselves b>
wearing Republican buttons and then on
election day vote the Democratic ticket.
W. H. Hinton and J. P. Dunn were in
troduced, and then Governor Budd spoke
for a few minutes. Several others also
spoke.
Judge Maguire reached the Pavilion at
11:40, and made a short speech, after
which the meeting adjourned.
This Week's
News Letter is full of spicy campaign
matter. Patton, Phelan, Gape and Ma
guire all receive attention; and the
local candidates are portrayed in their
true colow. Corrupt men are scored,
and the highest duty of citizens is
pointed out in a clear and convincing
manner. Ten cents of all news dealers.
Liverpool has started the idea of giv
ing concerts in the courtyards of the
worst quarters of the city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| MARIANI WINE— The World-Famous Tonic. r
/^^^^ Braces Body and Brain
W±fa3B£!k. %lWw<Wi /// MARIANI WINE has written endorsements
*EX^Wb&*&' '///{/*) From more than 8000 American Physicians.
f* "' S'Jm^% / ''M^iil ' ' MARIANI WINE is specially indicated for:
ml ■■■'Jn *x&- , iumdd*^rr///r/i yjfi/^a^V Nervous Affections, Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Anaemia,
yM/M^*^*>*'^^ i\VUl lllflk-V isHM»«fflf V '-T Weakness from whatever causes, Profound Depression or Exhaustion,
','. : <^«iPSßii^^^lPi LA GRIPPE, GENERAL DEBILITY, MALARIA. ■
«#^^P MARIANI WINE
crh/ae QTRFMPTH
■~-.-:.iS- ■ r\i 1 , iirT^ i i/\i torses £'■ Tin j.
run ym wnnn say?: . Dispels WEAKNESS from What-
O//I LvLLHtI wuuu says . JLyrulJCly irl^ftiVlii-rfOO 11 Ulll ii lldl
"Regarding the infantry marching in the recent maneuvers, it . PVPF ' IQOC
was the best seen during my command at Aldershot, Many officers vYui J "-V v*- ■ •■- - f
availed themselves of the tonic and reconstltuent properties of the Md by M Druggists. .".: ; ;0; ; Beware of Imitations and Substitutions.
... . - . .... . >"' - . ..' SPECIAL OFFER— all who write mentioning this publication we will send a
Well-knOWn Mar/an/ Wine, the mOSt Certain as Well aS the mOSt book containing portraits and endorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
■ ...-.,. CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages. '
palatable method of inducing resistance to fatigue." \k\ mariani & co., 52 west isth street, new york;
From "The London Sketch." ■ • Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 Mortimer Street; . Montreal— Hospital St.
DR. J. LEONARD CORNING of New York
City writes in his book "Brain Rest,"
published by G. P. Putnam's Sons :
"Of all tonic preparations ever
introduced to the notice of the
profession Yin Mariani is
undoubtedly the most potent for
good in the treatment of exhaust-
ive and irritative conditions of the
central nervous system."
GOTTLOB AND MARX
MUST STAND ALONE
pi H. FRIEDLANDER, the well known theatrical manager, yesterday sev-
V ered his connection with the management of the Baldwin, Columbia and
O i California theaters. Frledlander's Interest In these theaters was bought
up by his former partners. Jacob Gottlob and Melville Marx. Joseph Gottlob,
brother of Jacob, has secured a small Interest In the company, which will
hereafter be known as Gottlob. Marx & Co.
The withdrawal of Mr. Friedlander from the theatrical firm which he was
instrumental In establishing is purely
a financial proposition. Mr. Fried
lander was anxious to be relieved of
the severe strain of management.
His partners made him an excellent
offer and he closed the deal. So
cially the relations of the theatri
cal men continue most amicable.
Mr. Friedlander has not decided
yet to what branch of theatrical life he
will in the future give his attention,
though it is probable he will remain
In this city and make a specialty of
the management of great concerts
and noted lecturers.
Mr. Frieaiander's record In this
town has been an enviable one. His
first theatrical venture in this city
was at the California Theater under
the management of Al Hayman.
When he severed his connection with
Hayman, Friedlander. in conjunction
with Jacob Gottlob. leased the Co
lumbia Theater, which, by his busi
ness enterprise and artistic apprecia
tion, has become one of the most suc
cessful houses in the country. The
next big move of the manager was
the purchasing of the Hayman inter
-sts in this city and the re-establish-
During his recent Eastern tour Friedlander consummated the syndicate
deal, thereby securing all the big attractions for the theaters which he repre
sented. Mr. Friedlander has identified himself closely with the social life of
the city, and is a member of all the representative clubs. He has been a true
friend to those in distress, and has always been ready to lend his assistance
and place his theaters at the disposal of charitable associations.
STILL EVADING TAXES.
The Wells-Fargo Company Carries
Its Trouble to the Federal
Courts.
That the Wells-Fargo Company doe? not
Intend to pay its share »of the revenue
tax until forced to do so has been evi
denced again by its latest move. A short
time ago it was sued for having refused
to accept for transmission a package
upon which the man proffering it had de
clined to place the revenue stamp. His
excuse for declining was that the law
delegated this duty to the corporation.
However, the corporation was obdurate,
was sued in the Justice Court, defeated
there, took its case to the Superior Court
and was once more defeated. Knowing
that a similar fate must await it in any
similar suit before the same tribunal It
seeks anotner.
There are two actions pending against
the company now on the ground the ini
tial one rested upon so securely. The
company would not abide by the revenue
law. The actions were brought in the
Superior Court, each demanding damages
in the sum of $50. The corporation coun
sel has raised the point that the tribunal
properly having jurisdiction is the United
States Circuit Court, and thither the
suits have been sent, Justice of the Peace
Cook signing the necessary order. The
Wells-Fargo Company being organized
under the laws of Colorado, contention is
set up that the action is really brought by
residents of one State against residents of
another State.
While the step on the part of the com
FROM THE SURGEON-IN-CHIEF OF
THE FRENCH ARMY:
During long, tedious marches
our soldiers and officers found in-
stant relief from fatigue and hard-
ships when using the marvelous
tonic Yin Mariani; it pre-
vented fevers and sickness in the
marshy and unhealthy territory.
H. LIBERMANN, M. D.,
Surgeon-in-Chief, French Army.
pany is generally taken to be an effort 10
secure further delay, the attorneys for
Messrs. Johnson and Burnham, respec
tively the plaintiffs, intend to push it as
rapidly as may be and are confident in
their expression of belief that the view
to be taken of the statute will be in con
sonance the view of the Superior
Court already of record.
Becker-Creegan Trial.
The Becker-Creegan case ■will be con
cluded on the 10th inst. The prosecution
closed its case Thursday evening, and
yesterday the defense occupied the day
reading from the transcript of testimony
of the former trial, the object being to
impeach the testimony of certain wit
nesses given during the trial now in
progress. At the conclusion of the day's
session the defense announced that the
case was closed and Judge Wallace set
the 10th as the date for argument. Each
side will be limited to two hours for the
presentation of its case and it will then
be submitted to the jury.
Tuesday's Election.
The election possibilities given in Town
Talk this week will doubtless be probabili
ties next Tuesday. Mayor Phelan Is
shown on the title page and James Den
man and other candidates are shown
within. There is a racing story by Sidney
Robertson and Mary Frances Francis dis
courses upon matters musical. The Saun
terer tells of the wedding in New York of
Dr. Theo Rethers' brother, the Turpin-
Glbbons nuptials, the Harrison reception
at the Hopkins. Elks' "ladies' night/ etc.
The Graphologist is a feature. *
MARCHING OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
(Reprinted from the "London Sketch.")
General Sir Evelyn Wood says : "Re-
garding the infantry marching, it was
the best seen during my command at
Aldershot, or since I was first stationed
there 28 years ago. Many officers
availed themselves of the tonic and re-
constituent properties of the well-known
Mariani Wine, the most cer-
tain as well as the most palatable method
of inducing resistance to fatigue." . |
DR. MEYERS <fc C
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
fHESE SUCCESS-
jtt^SHGLry^&d^e&hTX ■» f v 1 physicians
IjMa^pfsß UHwgja have the znoEt exten-
jg^^^ii in uqgr- slve practice and
fIHSJSKS' - ' *^b largreet and best
BgffilZ K-3' equipped medical ln-
So&ji >w<M^i? stltutlon on the Pa-
'r^&tt «dS3S!n^Sla: " clflc Coast. They have
nf*^re fifi^^J"^;? 1 such confidence. In
• \ •**!,*■ ' \^oi they will let thepa-
' vJhV "'aa*'— i^l' tient deposit the price
•'A>wßMw 1,. ,*J<S4jC>-s of a cure in any bank
Ymffi>L\ ttCfi: xJfJt'^OT'JYf j or w!th an >' business
I j^^MTJHßudßßr^^^sß house or newspaper
(iiK^^vMSS^pVXM^S^l '/ ln San Francisco, to
\%^^&&^%Wor. 'b « P^ id t0 them when
the cure ls effected,
f'V?W?sfc ! ?^> or will take monthly
«g*V. - .til >«rw!*wqjnk? installments If the
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
. - ■■ . .' Thousands cured at
home." ' Advice and private : book free. ! Letters
confidential. DR. METERS & CO., 731 Market
St., San Francisco., Cal.
?;, 14 and 16
Kearny Street,
• . Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
'•'"'* t»ftF THb Full Set of Teeth
-Jk I 54* extracting free Isooap |
■ <£*^&+mt&£&'* ■ Gold Crowns 22k ■f350 up
• cy S ""!!IB? -/5iS^-T V" Fillings - - - 25 cts. up :
* Open Hvenings & Sunday*
§t*^MiW&£lk VAN VROOM
■"/*^W \fV^w • " Electro Dental Parlors
v ■■■ *M& if^s Sixth and Market
-*•»■ w^ - ■ Dr. (» W. KlolMr, Prop.
. ■; - Use f K? %
Facial Soap |^ 9 Facial Cream.
:'. Wobdbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by. JOHN
H. • WOODBURT. will make the complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Sold everywhere. ".'. ' . • ;' -..■■■
' ■ .'■...'. . ." ' ' .: - -.' : ',i
/Jv*Sv'L A.D I E S DO '.WO KKOW
£ S*T OR: FELIX LE BRUN'S
*yf a \ Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
. J •■•:-.:-Jr iB tho original and only FRENCH,
■/■' ' f ' safe and reliable care on the nr\r-
b-S **vket. Price, *1.00; sent by qICoL
r '<:-. ■ A Genuine sold only by , t .
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. ■ Sole Agents,
214 Kearny st., San Francisco. '• . ; '• • .
MAKE PERFECT MEN
■^^S^''- BO NOT DESPAIR !: Da not Suf-
jSQßSv&m. ' fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
BtFlr life can bo restored to you. The very
•£*/ 'E3 worst cases of Netrom Ilel»IlH j- r.ro
SDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can bo restored to you. Tlie very
worm canes of Nervoua Ileblllty are
nb^olutely cured by PERFKCIO
«V& TABLftTS. Oire prompt relief to in-
Uhk TMul m la, tailing memory ar.d the waste
'aWriWr and drain of vital powers, Incurred by
'T!A^U'«»i indiscretions or excesses of earl years.
• '^TVB&rr. 'lmpart rlgror anil potency to every func-
tion. Brace np the system. Give >dM^ bloom to the
checks and lustre to the eyes of /jrf»\ Toung or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. C*.l»j6 boxes at
2. 50 1 complete guaranteed cure «JJW or money re-
funded. : Can be curried in veßt > *SS*'- pocket. -Sold'
where, or mailed in plain wrapper or» receipt of
price by THE PEKFKLTO CO., fai?on Uldg., Chle<c<>i HI.
Bold Owl Drue Co.. San Fran. and Oakland.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, -
KEAKN'Y. AKLi - WASHINGTON . bTS.— RE-
* modeled and renovated. . KINO, v. WARD , A
CO. ■' European plan. ~ ■ Room* 50c to -$1 60 day
6 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free bath*; hot
and cold water every room: flr* grates la •Ttn>
roomi elevator runs all alibi. ■■^.■..its.^iii j
TERRORS OF LA GRIPPE.
From the Chicago "Medical Era."
"Many patients recover very
slowly. The lassitude and weak-
ness cails for something in the
nature of a tonic, and for this
purpose I am satisfied that I have
found a preparation that answers
j the purpose. I refer to Yin
i Mariani."
' — -OP THE^ —
ISX/VXE/VVEINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ ■ ". . — THE— •— ' " r - '■-'"
HARTFORDFIRE
INSURANCE -COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
j necticut, on the, 31st day of December, A. '
D. 1897. and for the year ending on that day,
is made to the Insurance Commissioner th«
3tate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner. ■ ■** • * 1 :.*.:*
CAPITAL. - . i
Amount of capital - stock, paid up
In cash..... ....... ..$1,:50,000 00
I cash ASSETS. .. $1,250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company.....'. $647,000 09
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,354,590 00
Cash market value of - all stocks
and bonds owned -by company 6,724.563 75
Amount of loans secured by pledge : . ■
of bonds, - stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral .'..' 14,800 00
Cash/In company's office...- 73,224 05
Cash in banks 742,645 44
Interest due and accrued on all - --.
stocks and loans, €. 5€ 75
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages * 28.939 49
Premiums In due course of collection 1,107.871 37
Rents due and accrued 1,034 44
Total assets ...; 110.894,629 23
- . . . LIABILITIES. ,; ;
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... .... $147,326 24
Losses in process " of adjustment or • ■
In suspense -.;... 290.9*7 85
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. .72,455 23
Gross • premiums on fire risks run-
ning one ; year or less. $4,342,541 31: - •;
reinsurance 50 per cent........ 2,171,270 65
Gross premiums •on • fire risks run- '
nine more .than one year,' $5,133.- • -
822 07: reinsurance pro rata ....... 2,637,813 14
Commissions and brokerage 'due and ■■-.
to become due........................ 75.000 00 '
Total liabilities ......; 1.. '..''. $5. 394. 833 IS
INCOME. « ; •-„-
Net cash actually received for fire ■ : ;
premiums -.-..'..-..... ..............$5,742,564 74
Received for interest on bonds and - ■
mortgages 71,498 19
Received -for interest and dividends
on bonds, , stocks, loans and from \ v . ,
all other sources.... ....;.....«... Sl«.7Rt«
Received for rents CMS 15
Total income :........... $6, 139.655 93
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses: (ln- i -'.
■ eluding $433,630 So, losses of pre- \ .--
vlous >ears) . . ; — $3, 212,619 45
Dividends to stockholders ;.'.;.: 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or .
brokerage :..........;.............:.■... 903.621 37
Paid for salaries,' fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... '434.730 37
Paid for State, national and . local  .
taxes ......:................ 127,««| 34
All. other payments and expenditures 506,853 49
• Total expenditures ............. ...45.nfi0.nis 03
■ '; . , ■ . .-';-i--t- -..■.. ■ • • ■■• . ■■ -■■■ Fire. -
Losses Incurred during the year $3, 720 It
-Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- VV 4 "~ ■;
.ten during the year.... $591,318,441 $7,286,253 33
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during, the year.. 689,274.573 7.360.465 OS
Net amount In force De- . •
cember 31. 1897.......... 784.534.406! 9.476.363 3S
- . . ~* GEO. L. CHASE, President.
; P. C. ROYCE. Secretary. .
.■Subscribed and : sworn to . before me this' 12th
day of January. ISOB. ' I . : '
-:; -.-;•. M. B. SCOTT. Notary Public
H. K. BELDEN,
Manager Pacific Department.
. WHITNEY; PALACHE, Assistant Manager,
313 CALIFORNIA ST.,
i" SAN FRANCISCO.
Special Agents and Adjusters 1 J. J.
AGARD. d. d. DENNIS, JOHN M.
HOLMES.
WBeMy CaE,spo jerlear
56
SATURDAY. >\ • NOVEMBER 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third St*.. S. F«
Telephone Main 1868. '
EDITORIAL BOOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main' 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) t«
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
6S cent*. «_____™
THE WEEKLY CALL. One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE -Room 188. World Buildlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft» House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock. 615 Larkln street open until 9:30 o'clock- !
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market :
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh i
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second an* :
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- |
AMUSEMENT*
Baldwin— "The Tranßit of Leo."
Columbia — "Sowing the Wind."
California Theater— "Hogan's Alley."
Alcazar — "Ambition."
Moroaco's — "The Indian."
Tivoll— "Grand Duchess."
Comedy Theater— "The Crust of Society."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Saratoga Hail— Anniversary Ball,
Sutro'a Baths — Swimming.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Ingleside Coursing Park— Coursing.
Glen Park — Mission Zoo, Sunday.
Rosen thai — Coming in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Prank Butterfleld— This Day, November 5, Furniture, at
850 Fifth Street, at 11 o' Clock.
THE FINfIL ROLLY.
TO-NIGHT at Woodward's Pavilion will occur
the moat remarkable meeting of the campaign.
It will be the final grand rally of the Republican
forces, a time of jubilation that the hard work of the
canvass is over and victory in sight. The candidates
for Governor and Mayor will be present, as well as
the prominent orators who have been making
speeches throughout the State. Doubtless the ca
pacity of the place will be taxed to the utmost. The
committee having the affair in charge have been fairly
embarrassed by the enthusiasm. At first it was con
templated to have the uniformed clubs attend, but
there are many others who wish to be in line. The
clubs will assemble at Market and Montgomery,
thence marching in three divisions to the pavilion,
each division preceded by a drill corps. There will
be all along the way, as well as at the pavilion, plenty
of music and an abundance of fireworks. In fact, to
night will be notable as a scene of joyous celebration,
and will show how confident are the Republicans in
a sweeping victory Tuesday.
fl CONSTITUTIONAL "BUG."
THE attention of voters should be called to a
paragraph upon the official State ballot by
which the ambitious legislative jobbers evi
dently aspire to secure the adoption of constitutional
amendment No. 7. This amendment provides for
increasing the pay of legislators and splitting biennial
sessions into two parts — a device which would enable
the lobby to do much of its fine work away from the
Capitol at Sacramento.
On the official State ballot opposite the words
"Yes" and "No," by which voters may express their
approval or disapproval of the amendment, appears
the following description of its purport: "Amend
ment No. 7, being Assembly constitutional amend
ment No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Legisla
ture for not less than thirty nor more than sixty days
during each session.").
Nothing is said about increasing the pay of mem
bers, yet that is the main purpose of the amendment,
there being no doubt that the recess proposed was
invented merely to carry along a proposition to
lengthen the legislative sessions and make them more
expensive. For the purpose of thoroughly uncover
ing the "bug" which is here disclosed we append
constitutional amendment No. 7in full. It proposes
to change section 2 of article IV of the constitution
to read as follows:
Section i. The sessions of the Legislature shall j
commence at 12 o'clock meridian on the first Mon
day after the f rst day of January next succeeding
the election of its members, and shall be biennial
unless th •» Governor shall in the interim convene the
Legislature by proclamation. The Legislature shall j
then remain in session for twenty-five days, after i
which it must adjourn to some date not less than i
thirty nor mora than sixty days from the time of |
adjournment. If the two houses fail to agree upon
a time at which they will resume their session, the
Governor shall, by proclamation, fix a date for such
reconvening, which shall be within the limits above
prescribed. Upon reassembling, the Legislature
shall complete its session. No pay shall be allowed
to members for a longer period than seventy-five
days, anl no bill shall be introduced in either house
except at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the mem
bers thereof.
The duration of legislative sessions at present is
eixty paydays. Ordinarily the members sit ten days
without pay, making the session practically seventy
days in length. Constitutional amendment No. 7allows
pay for seventy-five days, or makes the session eighty
days long and grants a vacation between times to
enable the lobby to perfect its jobs. The effect
would be to increase mileage and expenses to the
extent of $25,000 or $30,000 per session without any
corresponding return to the taxpayers. That there
is a "pull" behind this amendment is manifest from
the fact that its real purport has been kept off the
official ballot, evidently in the hope that voters will
be fooled into supporting it as an innocent change in
the law.
Every taxpayer should vote against it. It is a tax
eating device and nothing else. No good can be ac
complished by increasing the duration of legislative
sessions; if they are increased the money they cost
will be thrown away.
One evidence that railway employes are not being
bulldozed to vote for any particular set of candidates
is that the Examiner says they are. Aside from this
is the fact that there is no possibility of forcing a
man to vote any other way than the one pleasing to
his own judgment. He stands in the booth with his
ballot and his conscience, and to interfere with him
is impossible.
One of Spain's Commissioners is said to be ill, but
the marble heart of Uncle Sam is really enough to
make the whole lot of them sick.
THE GOVERNOR'S INFLUENCE.
IF such a misfortune were to befall California as
Maguire's election, let no one be deceived as to
the influence he will have upon legislation, or his
power to advance his declared policy to "do away
with all vested rights and titles and ownership in
land."
The Democratic platform on which he is running
has this plank: "We favor a constitutional amend
ment abolishing the State poll tax, and giving to
counties and municipal corporations the right to
adopt and change their systems of taxation for local
purposes whenever a majority of the people of any
such county or municipality shall so determine."
The Populist fusion platform on which Maguire is
also running has this plank: "We favor the repeal
of all poll taxes and demand the exemption of all
personal property from taxation. We also favor the
submission to the people of a constitutional amend
ment which will give to counties and municipal cor
porations the right to adopt such a system of taxation
for local purposes as the people of such locality de
sire."
These planks are in accordance with the action of
the single tax junta which urged such an amendment
to the constitution upon the last Legislature. If it be
proposed in the Legislature of next winter does any
one doubt that Maguire as Governor would aid it by
all the means in his power? If he succeed in getting
it before the people, it will not have to receive the
votes of a majority of all the people to adopt it. Only
a majority of those voting upon it will be necessary,
and they may be a minority of the total number of
voters in the State.
The single tax land confiscators, as shown during
the present campaign, are in a compact organization.
They support Maguire to a man. Constitutional
amendments are voted on at a general election. The
next general election will be in iooo. It will be a
Presidential campaign. Public attention will be cen
tered upon the head of the ticket, and the great gen
eral and national issues involved. The majority of
the people will be indifferent to constitutional
amendments. But not so the single tax confiscators.
Such a condition offers them just the opportunity
they desire. Not one of them will forget the con
fiscating amendment. Not one of them will neglect
the opportunity offered to destroy "all vested rights,
titles and ownership of land," and, though in a mi
nority, they may easily carry the amendment.
Now, as to Maguire's influence if he were Gov-
I ernor when such amendment is before the Legisla
ture. Every one who knows the position of the Gov
ernor in our system knows that unless there is a
two-thirds majority to override his veto, he is the
Legislature. Members have pet measures for the
benefit of their constituencies, the fate of which in
volves their fate in politics and public life. Does
any one pretend that they will stand up against a
threatened veto of such measures balanced against
their position upon the single tax amendment called
for in Maguire's platform? They may be opposed
to land confiscation, but how easy it is for them to
think and say that as the question goes to the people
who vote on the amendment they can wash their
hands of responsibility by- transferring it to the
ballot-box, thereby saving their pet measures from
death at the hands of the Governor by his veto.
When The Call asked Maguire if he would make
this or any use of his influence in favor of the single
tax he refused to answer yes or no to the question.
We have continually warned the land-owners and the
depositors in savings banks, who have an equity in
land titles and land-ownership by the mortgages on
; land which secure their money loaned by the banks,
that Maguire's election will promote the destruction
of all vested rights, titles and ownership in land. It
will destroy the title and with it the savings bank
mortgage which depends upon that title. As all
men know, when a savings bank, acting as trustee
for its depositors, loans money on a land mortgage
it demands the exhibition of a good title to the land
vested in the borrower. This is his vested right,
which Maguire proposes to destroy. When it is de
stroyed the mortgage which depended upon it is de
stroyed also; the bank has no title on which to fore
close. The owner has lost his land by Magmire's plan
of confiscation, and if pursued by the bank to judg
ment on the debt has nothing left from which to re
spond on a deficiency judgment.
Ky the last report of the Bank Commissioners for
) there were in this State 159,856 depositors in
ngs banks. They were the owners of $131,653,
634 deposited in such banks. Of this vast sum over
one hundred millions are loaned on real estate. The
value of land in the State, as assessed for taxation in
1896, is $761,348,980. Add to this the land mortgages
of savings banks, and there is the grand total of
$861,348,980 of property in this State dependent
solely on the vested rights, titles and ownership in
land!
Therefore, when Judge Maguire says, "We pro
pose to destroy all vested rights, titles and owner
ship to land," he proposes to destroy at one stroke
nearly one billion of dollars' worth of property in
California! If any man think the State can stand
that he should vote for Maguire. If he think, how
ever, that it would be a blow destructive of the
State, as it will be, let him oppose Maguire with all
his might.
THE TWO FITZGERALDS.
SOME danger exists that owing to the similarity
of names the public may confuse- William F.
Fitzgerald, Republican nominee for City and
County Attorney, with E. L. Fitzgerald, Democratic
nominee for Public Administrator.
E. L. Fitzgerald, candidate for Public Adminis
trator, is the carpet-bagger from Oakland whose
crooked record has been exposed in The Call, and
for whom no man should vote.
William F. Fitzgerald, the candidate for City and
County Attorney, is one of the leading lawyers of the
city, and a man of the highest repute — one for whom
everybody should vote.
Fix the names clearly in your mind and make no
mistake on election day.
WHY EDWARDS SHOULD WIN,
IN nominating J. G. Edwards for the Board of
Equalization in the First District the Republicans
did wisely. They chose 'a man who has lived for
thirty years in this city, whose reputation, by no
means local, is without blemish, and who by energy
and force of character has risen to the proprietorship
of the best Underwriters' Journal published in this
country. Such strength as there is in a rugged per
sonality, spotless integrity and a long record of hon
orable achievement, Mr. Edwards had, and bringing
it into the campaign he lent dignity and force not
only to his own canvass, but to the entire ticket.
It is not alone in private life that Mr. Edwards has
been successful. He was a soldier, and bears the scars
of wounds received as he fought in the history
making battles of the Civil War. He possesses still
the military quality to the extent of being almost se
verely conscientious in his dealings with men. He
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898>
is not given to compromise, and no personal interest
can swerve him from a course which he conceives to
be right. As a member of the board Mr. Edwards
would be a resolute and fearless champion of the in
terests he would represent.
A membership on this board is a significant posi
tion. It is not one to be lightly bestowed. This can
didate is eminently fitted for it. Beyond a loyalty to
his party which never falters, he is in no sense a
politician, but he has won a host of both personal
and political friends. They know that in public office
as in private life he will be devoted to duty.
It is not always that a candidate, strong in himself,
has the privilege of drawing strength from the weak
ness of his opponent, but this advantage falls to Mr.
Edwards. The opponent is John P. Dunn, a person
projected from the sandlots into unenviable notoriety,
and since then thirsting, hungering and scheming for
office. The unpopularity of Dunn will add to the Ed
wards majority, but even against a itiuch more for
midable rival the election of the Republican candidate
would be assured by a safe and. emphatic lead.
S~* ALIFORNIA is now well assured of a Repub
( lican Governor and a Republican State adminis-
generally. She should be also assured of a
Legislature strongly Republican in both branches. In
view of the important local issues to be dealt with by
the Legislature and of the fact that a United States
Senator is to be chosen this winter, there can be no
question but the people should give as earnest a sup
port to the Republican legislative candidates as to
any others on the ticket.
A Legislature controlled by the Maguireites could
seriously disturb the affairs of the State, even if Ma
guire himself be defeated. At this juncture of our
affairs we cannot afford to have a set of radical ex
perimenters tinkering with the legislation of the
State. A single tax bill or other measure of the
kind passed by the Legislature would, even if vetoed,
discredit the commonwealth. Throughout the East
it would be regarded as an evidence that the dis
satisfied elements of the State are sufficiently strong
to be dangerous and menacing to all the interests of
capital and industry.
We have seen what befell Kansas, Oregon and
Colorado when the Democratic and Populist fusion
came into power there. California, though financially
and industrially stronger than any of these States,
would, nevertheless, suffer to an almost equal ex
tent from a similar course of fanatic legislation. The
only safeguard for prosperity is to elect a conserva
tive Legislature as well as a conservative Governor
and State administration.
Moreover, the people should elect a Legislature
that will return to the United States Senate a stanch
supporter of the national administration. California
at this juncture must stand by the President. There
are great problems of home and foreign politics to be
dealt with in the next two years, and for their satis
factory settlement a Senate in harmony with the
House of Representatives and with the President is
essential. The empire State of the Pacific Coast
must on this issue line up with the foremost of her
sister States, and be represented at Washington by
Senators who will assist in carrying out policies for
the general good.
Fortunately, the Republican nominees for the Leg
islature are personally strong. Their fitness for the
office, their devotion to genuine Republicanism, are
not to be doubted. They are men who can justly
claim the votes of independents and conservative
Democrats as well as of members of their own party.
None of them are advocates of any such political
folly as the single tax. none would favor legislation
designed to drive capital from the State, impose
heavier burdens upon the farmers and harass industry
in response to the clamor of the thriftless and the
discontented.
The issues of the campaign have been made up.
The canvass is near its close. All that remains to
be done to assure a government of prosperity is for
good citizens to rouse one another to the importance
of voting on election day, and voting the whole
ticket.
THERE is a natural feeling that the Supreme
Court, the most august tribunal of the State,
ought not to be subject to the frequent changes
prevailing in offices and departments which may re
quire a knowledge less profound and where an expe
rience less ripe may be trusted.
This year the Republicans offer two candidates,
both already on the Supreme bench, both on record
as wise and upright jurists. In point of learning and
ability they may safely be said to hold an advantage
over their opponents, while years of training as Jus
tices of the Supreme Court have added to their capa
bilities. No 'prentice hands are desired where great
questions involving human rights and even human
life are to be adjudicated. Let us have those who
have been tried.
Mayor Phelan has made a direct appeal for the de
feat of Justices McFarland and Van Fleet They ac
quired his ill-will by upholding a law he had sought
to violate. So would they uphold any law on the
statute books, without fear or favor. This is why
there is public confidence in them, and why the peo
ple will decline to make a change.
NO more systematic canvass has been made than
that of Henry S. Martin, Republican candidate
for Sheriff. Even with a man less popular than
Mr. Martin a canvass marked by such untiring zeal
could not well lead to defeat. The gentleman prob
ably has as many personal friends as any resident of
this city, the place of his birth. Here his interests are
centered. Here he has worked and prospered. He
is a man of business standing, clean record and ac
knowledged ability. Nobody doubts that under his
care the affairs of the Sheriff's office will be admin
istered with the utmost honesty. There will be no
favoritism, no laxness. The intrinsic worth of the
man, his wide acquaintance, the general confidence in
him, and his own boundless energy, constitute a com
bination which assures the certainty of his election.
YESTERDAY occasion arose for quoting the
Examiner against Rhodes Borden, whom it
now supports for the Superior bench. This was
not done in any sense as an attack on the Judge, who
is a worthy man and an able jurist. The sole purpose
was to show the inconsistency of the Examiner, the
hollowness of its pretensions of friendship, the mock
ery of its aspect of sincerity. Judge Borden has made
a good record. It is his misfortune to be on the
wrong side and to be opposed by men equally able
and fair. Personally, The Call finds no fault with
him, and used a weapon taken from his friend, the
Examiner, so as to make clear the sort of friendship
the Examiner displays. Judge Borden is handi
capped by his journalistic support
THE LEGISLATIVE TICKET.
THE SUPREME COURT.
THE NEXT SHERIFF-
NOT fJIMED AT BORDEN.
WORKING THE VETO.
NUMBER FOURTEEN.
Editor Call: As the day draws nearer when the plain citizen — that is,
you and II — must deposit our votes in the ballot-box, it becomes more and
more necessary to think coolly and consider well. In the heat of battle some
men lose their heads and some become clear-eyed and steady. The plain citizen
cannot afford to lose his head. He is the person most concerned in the
election. You and I must pay the cost. You and I must not be carried away
with the enthusiasm of great meetings, with the rush of the orator's voice,
with the glare of the red fire. When the meeting is over and the orator is
fulfilling other engagements and the red fire is red ashes, the cost of it all
comes on the plain citizen. Therefore you and I must think seriously and
calmly on the issues that this election decides.
THE CONTEST FOR THE MAYORALTY
Is not a mere contest between persons; it is a contest between ideas. Mr.
Phelan stands for a system of government that this republic repudiates. He
stands for an autocratic power, for the centering of all the offices in himself.
He appeals to the people to make him King of San Francisco, and in order
to make him King we must put all his creatures in office.
The question, therefore, before the plain citizen — that is, before you and
me — is this: Is Mr. Phelan such a man that we can trust him with the dic
tatorship? Shall we preserve the restraints that the forefathers embodied
in the law to prevent the republic from receiving harm or shall we consti
tute Mr. James D. Phelan our guardian to do our thinking and our govern
ing for us?
THE PLAIN CITIZEN STUDIES
Mr. Phelan's record, and he finds that Mr. Phelan's most boasted actions
are such that they arouse at least the suspicion that he is acting not in the
interest of the city, but in the interest of Mr. Phelan. We find that he has
been using his office to increase and to consolidate his political power, and
we see that his cry for good government and the protection of the people
is, when interpreted, a cry for the glorification of his Honor the Mayor.
Perhaps in no matter is this more evident than in his vetoes. Every one
knows that the amount of street work done in San Francsico is enormous.
Contracts are being let continually. The most of this work is done at the ex
pense of the plain citizen, and in places not traversed by the general mass of
the community.
Every one knows, also, that the greater part of this work is entirely
unnecessary. It is passed in nine cases out of ten over the protest of a ma
jority of the property-holders. The general public has not much interest in
these jobs. A sidewalk on Z street, or a granite curb on Three Hundred and
Sixty-fifth street, or a bitumen plaster on Bernal Heights, does not stir the
popular magnetism. It is the Mayor's duty to veto these jobs if he thinks
they are improperly or unnecessarily proposed. But Mr. Phelan does not
waste his time on such trivial affairs. Unless he can plant his veto in the
middle of Market street as a barricade against wicked Supervisors and from
the top of it harangue the multitude on his own virtues, Mr. Phelan has
little use for a veto.
AGAIN AND AGAIN PROPERTY-OWNERS
Have gone to him with their woes, but Mr. Phelan did not believe in work
ing the veto power too hard. They have shown him by facts and figures
that the work was unnecessary and unjust, but that did not disturb Mr.
Phelan's luxurious repose. There was nothing in it for him. It would not
help to gain him more votes or to stir the people to enthusiasm for him as
the exponent of good government. Therefore the poor property-owners— all
of them plain people like you and me — were compelled to pay for im
provements which when done to the Market street property of rich men are
paid by the city.
THE GAS VETO
Is also another sample of Mr. Phelan's care for the interest of the plain citi
zen. Mr. Phelan, it is said, is interested in the competing company. That
company, being thrifty, is not anxious to spend money without seeing some
quick returns in sight. It will not erect poles and lay pipes until it has some
use for them. If plain people like you and me go into business we are com
pelled to purchase our stock and take chances. Customers may come or
not, as fortune favors us. Suppose we should say that we would not spend
a cent in stock until we had secured from the city the contract for supplying
the particular commodity in which we dealt. This might be good business,
but it would not be particularly patriotic. Mr. Phelan does not wish that the
company in which he is said to be interested should spend money on an ex
tended plant until the city would agree to buy its light. This is sharp busi
ness, but Mr. Phelan cannot very well claim that the veto by which he tried
to eniorce it is an evidence of his desire for good government.
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE'S VOTE.
The Candidate for Assessor Explains It in a Letter to Father
Editor Call: It would be a great favor to me If you would publish this
letter and the Inclosed. A few days ago I called on the nominees who had
voted for the Sailors' Home to purge themselves before the people. Only
one has accepted the invitation, and that is Dr. Washington Dodge. He
has written the following note to me:
Reverend P. C. Yorke— Dear Sir: In your recent lecture in Oakland and in
one of your letters published in the press you have criticised my vote as Super
visor on the lease or the Sailors' Home and on the election of Christian Reis as
Treasurer to succeed Widber. I must protest against any interpretation of my
vote that would convey to the public the impression that in the discharge of my
official duties I had at any time acted with unfairness or failed to be governed by
liberal principles.
In the matter of the Sailors' Home lease, I was Informed by a member of the
board, whom I knew to be a Catholic, that the settlement was acceptable to all
parties.
As to my vote for Treasurer, I did not know Mr. Reis personally, but I did
know that he had been Treasurer of the city some years before and had been a
faithful officer.
In this connection let me say that I am opposed to any form of religious intol
erance. I would not accept a nomination from any organization representing the
spirit of proscription. When I was a candidate for Supervisor two years ago, I
refused the nomination of the American Protective Association and one of my
opponents received that indorsement. Respectfully yours,
WASHINGTON DODGE.
San Francisco, November 4, 1898.
Concerning this statement I deem it my duty to say that Dr. Dodge's
explanation of his action in the two incidents is quite credible. Though
the Monitor had spoken on the question again and again, and was dealing
with it during this very period, it is quite credible that Dr. Dodge, a non-
Cathc-lic, had never seen the Monitor or even thought of it. When a mem
ber of the board known to be a Catholic informed Dr. Dodge that the ar
rangement .was satisfactory from a Catholic standpoint, who can blame Dr.
Dodge for believing h'm?
The same remarks apply to the Reis matter.
Ncrw in my dealings with this case all I have ever asked of the persons
concerned was an explanation that would hold water — an explanation that
In any ordinary business matter would satisfy any ordinary business man.
As the votes were public matters I deemed it right to stand by the prin
ciple that the explanation should be public also. I want to be just. It mat
ters nothing to me who wins or loses, but I do not wish that any candidate
shall have reasonable cause to accuse me of being unfair.
Therefore I ask you as a special favor to me to publish this letter and
the inclosed. Nothing could give me greater pleasure than this. It is not
with joy, I assure you, that I have been compelled to speak of these men.
I have spoken because it would have been a crime to have remained silent.
I have spoken simply for the sake of the people who have fought for prin
ciple and fair play. If they do not assert their rights then they shall be the
sport and the mockery of every picayune politician who takes their votes
and then betrays them. PETER C. YORKE."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
TO SAN LUIS OBISPO— A. D. S.,
Colusa, Cal. Read the advertisement of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company in
The Call for dates of departure of steam
ers for San Luis Obispo. The fare is $6 50.
STATES IN THE UNION— S., Pasken
ta, Tehama County, Cal. There are at
this time forty-five States in the Union,
thirteen original and thirty-two admitted,
the last so admitted being Utah. January
4, 1896. __
GREAT BRITAIN AND FRANCE— H.
W. H., Grass Valley, Cal. According to
Whitaker's Almanack for 1898 the popu
lation of England at the close of 1897 was
27,501,362; Wales, 1,501,163; Scotland,
4,025,647, and Ireland, 4,704,750. Total, 37,
732.922. That of France is given at 38,
617,975.
"In case England was beseiged by a
foreign fleet and could not secure sup
plies from the outer world how long
would her provisions last her people?" Is
a question that no one can answer, even
approximately.
WINE AND MALT— A. C. S.. City.
This department cannot, In the space al
lotted to it, give the process for making
grape wine and malt liquors. If you will
go to the Free Library in the City Hall
you will find books there that will pive
you all the information on that subject
and will tell you just exactly how to make
both. This department has no knowledge
of the particular wine receipt referred to,
consequently cannot advise you as to
what should be done in the matter of
leaving a demijohn corked or uncorked
during the process of fermentation.
MASONS AND ODD FELLOWS— A. R.
S., City. By various methods Free
masonry has been traced back to the old
Roman Empire, the Pharoahs, the* Tem
ple of Solomon and even to the times of
the tower of Babel and the ark of Noah.
The name Free Mason appears in Eng
land for the first time in statutes 25 of
Edward I of England. A. D. 1360.
The Independent Order of Odd Fellows
was organized in Manchester, England, in
1812, though isolated lodges existed prior
to that, the oldest whose name has been
preserved being the Loyal Aristarcus No.
9, which met in London in 1745.
COMMUNITY PROPERTY— P. T. R.,
City. The Civil Code <5f California says:
"Upon the death of the wife, the entire
community property, without administra
tion, belongs to the surviving husband.
A fi^AliN
Yorke.
except such portion thereof as may have
been set apart to her by judicial "decree
for her support and maintenance, which
portion is subiect to her testamentary
disposition, and In the absence of such
disposition goes to her descendants or
heirs, exclusive of the husband "
CELESTIAL PHOTOGRAPHY.
The telescope not only reveals more
than can be seen by the eye alone, but the
sensitive film surpasses the power of the
eye when aided by the telescope, for the
camera records on the film objects which
the eye cannot see through the greatest
magnifying lenses. No matter how far
away or how dimiy it shines, the light of
the faintest star in time impresses the
Him, and thus that which is invisible to
the eye becomes visible on the plate.
In celestial photography the camera is
kept moving during the taking of a pic
ture. The exposure sometimes lasts sev
eral hours, and if the camera were sta
tionary the motion of the earth would
soon carry the subject out of line with the
telescope. The camera, therefore, is at
tached to the tube of the telescope, and
the object to be photographed is brought
into the lens at the Intersection of two
cross-wires. Then, by a system of clock
work, the telescope moves so that the
subject occupies the same position on the
plate during the exposure. In the pic
ture of the Swift comet may be seen small
white lines. These are the marks or trails
of the stars. The telescope was adjusted
to the speed of tne comet, and as it trav
eled much faster than the stars, the pho
tographs of the stars appear as streaks
instead of as points of light.
It is another curious feature of celestial
photography that a plate may be exposed
several nights on the same subject. I
have seen star-cluster and nebulae pic
tures which were exposed, the former on
two and the latter on four successive
evenings. The picture showing the nebu
lae required a total exposure of thirteen
hours and forty-four minutes.— From St.
Nicholas.
A CLEAR CASE OF NEMESIS.
Each year for seven years there has ap
peared in the famous agony column of
the London Times an In memorlam notice
of a young man who was murdered in
Scotland about the year IS9O. "Vengeance
is mine; I will repay thee, saith the
Lor"d," is the quotation that has always
accompanied the notice. The alleged mur
derer waa tried and acquitted of the
crime, more from the jack of positive
evidence than from any belief in his ln
nocence on the part of the Jury. The no
tice may or may not appear when the an
niversary of the murder comes around
again, as the alleged murderer has now
been convicted of forgery and fraud and
has been sentenced to a long term of pe
nal servitude. It peems to be a pretty
clear case of Nemesis.— Boston Herald.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. G. H. Strowbridgc of Portland, Or..
Is at the Lick.
Dr. C. T. Hibbert, U. S. N., is stopping
at the Occidental.
Thomas Fox, Postmaster of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
Dr. William M. Wheeler, U. S. N., is a
guest at the Occidental.
Ex-Mayor and Mrs. B. U. Steinman of
Sacramento are at the Palace.
W. H. Perry, a prominent lumber man
of Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
Mrs. A. B. Butler and Miss Butler of
Fresno are guests at the Palace.
Judge Jarrett T. Richards of Santa
Barbara is a recent arrival at the Palace.
William H. Ryan, a large leather mer
chant of Rochester, N. V., is at the Pal
ace.
Lord Abinger of London, accompanied
by J. A. Logwood of St. Louis, is at the
Palace.
H. J. Corcoran, a steamboat owner and
capitalist of Stockton, is registered at the
Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. William Burnside Peck
of New York City are stopping at the
Palace.
J. G. Taylor, a prominent cattle man of
Lovelock, Nev., accompanied by his fam
ily, is at the Russ.
Whaling Captain James A. Tilton and
R. J. Cominskey have returned from
Alaska and are at the Russ.
Dr. T. H. Morris has returned from an
extended Eastern trip and taken apart
ments for the winter at the Russ.
Dr. A. C. Hart, professor of clinical den
tistry and microscopy in the College of
Physicians and Surgeons in this city, has .
gone East for a two months' vacation.
While there he will visit the principal
dental colleges in New York, Boston and
Philadelphia, studying the latest methods
in connection with college work. By spe
cial invitation he will read papers before
the Academy of Stomatology of Phila
delphia and the Odontographic Society of
Chicago, and the Central Dental Society
of New Jersey, on the prevention of de
cay in the teeth.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4. — S. T. Ackerman
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman. R.
A. Tuttle of San Francisco is at the Ven
dome. E. Racier of Los Angeles is at
the Cosmopolitan.
TIME TO SMILE-
He— Here it tells of a doctor who says
impoliteness is a disease.
She— So it is. And in the street car it
is generally found to be well seated. —
Philadelphia Bulletin.
"How women change," said the man
who has been married a year. "My wife
used to write to me and send me a bushel
of kisses in her letters."
"Urn," said the man who has been mar
ried a quarter of a century -
"But now, when I leave for the office,
she just gives me a peck. And a short
one at that." — Indianapolis Journal.
"Strange that the author of the 'Easy
Road to Wealth' should—
"Oh, I know that old gag. -He died in
the poorhouse."
"You are wrong. It was his publisher.
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
THE STORY OF TWO PULLETS.
They live neighbors up on Indiana
street, and for years had been Intimate
friends exchanging confidences and gos
sip as women will, attending the same
church, going to the same picnics and
buying at the same stores. Each bor
rowed freely from the other, but the one
forgot to return about a third of what she
received, and this is the rock on which
they finally split.
One of them keeps chickens and her en
joyment in looking after them is only less
than that of eating them. They are pets
and her special pride.
"Lucy," said the careless neighbor, as
she rushed to the back door of Lucy's
house the other evening, "Ah jest done
hab som comp'ny 'rive heah from Can da
an' dey hain't a mou'ful ob meat in de
house. Won' you let me hab dem two pul
lets dar in de coop an' in de mo'nin Ah 11
go down to de mawket an' get you two
ob de fines' dat money'li buy. I will,
Sl Lucy thought of the potatoes, the bread,
the eggs and the other things that had
never come back and resolved to sear her
conscience. «.'«.« •
"Ah'd lub fo' to let you hab dem pul
lets Rosie. but Pete done sole 'em iaa
ebening' fo' a sick man. We'se got to
hus'le 'roun* an' buy some mo lowls ngnt
away. Ah's berry sor— "
Just then a clarion-toned crow came
from the coop and Rosie gave Lucy^ an
unmistakable caught-you-red-handed look.
This was more than Lucy could endure,
and in haughty tones she exclaimed:_
"Look it heah, woman, ef you rothah
bleed dat dar ole roostah dan me, dat
S And now they never see each other.—
Detroit Free Press.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Mrs Farmside— Joshua, the tramps
have robbed our clothes line again.
Joshua-How do yer know it's tramps?
Mrs Farmside— Because they have
taken everything but the towels.-Judge.
Through Tourist Car to St. FauL
This car Is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday , night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Paclflo Rall
wav The scenic line of the continent. Tick-,
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rate*.
T K. Stateler. general agent, 638 Market it-
Sou Francisco. _ ,"
If you don't eat or sleep well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try the grenuin* im
ported Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitter*.
Essence of Ginger don t cure cougns and build
yOU up like PABKKE'S OIKOKB TONIC.
Parker's Hair Balsax cleanses the scalp.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BT USIN3
Acker'" Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tabiet
will Bive immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold in handbome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy.
First M. D. — I've just lost a patient, and
feel the need of some recreation.
Second M. D. — Come around to my of
fice. I'm going to try some experiments
on a fine dog.— Life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum taking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
__ i "o**l BAKIWO POWOER CO., NEW YORK.WENT DOWN
WITH THE
J.D. PETERS
Startling Story of a
Chinaman.
FOURTEEN MONGOLIANS LOST
SAYS HE IS POSITIVE AT LEAST
THAT MANY PEBISHED.
Caught in the Steerage When the
Crash Came and Were Unable
to Make Their
Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 4.— A Chinaman
who lives in lone, and was a passenger
on the steamer J. D. Peters Wednes
day evening, made a statement here
that he believed fourteen Chinese were
drowned while in a stupor from opium.
He says a number of Chinese were in
the steerage of the vessel when she
struck the Czarina, lying in bunks and
emoking opium or tobacco. He was
■with the crowd and was one of several
•who escaped with considerable diffi
culty. He says the water rushed in on
the men as soon as the crash came, and
they could not get out of their bunks.
Three of the drowned men are Rob-
erts Island farmers. Others are lone
• Chinamen and some are residents of
local Chinatown.
Altogether fourteen are said to be
Burely drowned. The Chinese runner
•who came up on the old line boat this
morning said the runner on the Peters
■was drowned.
The Navigation Company's steamer
that arrived this morning brought up
a miscellaneous lot of stuff recovered
from the Peters, including bedding,
carpets and the piano that was in the
cabin. Claims for baggage are being
;-.red and claims for losses are
talked of.
PUT IN THE FIELD
TO BEAT A DEMOCRAT
Thonias Jefferson Haynes, a Populist
Nominee for Congress, Says
He Was Bribed.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Nov. 4.—
Thomas Jefferson Haynes, Populist nom
inee f< ss in this district, to-day
made pul>'. iment over his signa
ture that the Populist ticket was put in
the field Cor the sole purpose of defeat
ing the Democrats. He fays he was prom
ised $500 for the use of his name as a can-
He admits he has already received
$100, but says he accepted it solely for
the purpose of exposing the scheme.
Haynes refuses to give the names of the
ght him.
CLERGY SUPPORTING
AGUINALDO'S ENEMY
Increasing Dissensions Among Phil
ippine Insurgents Diminish
Opposition to Americans.
MANILA. Nov. 4.— lt is reported here
that the priests arc instigating a faction
to support Artachio. a bitter opponent of
Aguinaldo. The increasing dissensions
among the insurgents are diminishing the
probability of the latter opposing the
Americans.
TO CRUISE IN THE NORTH.
The Grant and Wheeling to Look
After Whalers.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 4.— lt is stated
that the revenue cutter Grant wilt leave
in a few days for a four months' cruise
in the north, the object being to keep in
the track of whalers in order to render
assistance if necessary. It 13 stated the
gunboat Wheeling, now at San Francisco,
will co-operate with the Grant.
International Troops in Crete.
CANEA, Crete, Nov. 4.— The interna
tional troops occupied the fortress at 5
o'clock this mor:
■ Held for Assault to Kill.
REDDING, Nov. 4.— George A. Fitch,
who recently took a shot at Howard Shoe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o
&
I Feels Like a New Man. \
♦ VETERANS' HOME, Cal. :<
A DR AT. SANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final report. I sent a <
O full report' to you two months ago, telling you about my- case, but will tell you again (
2 of my vast improvement. When I nrsi «sod your Belt I weighed 170 pounds. I suffered )
t groat pains In my back and other complaints. My liver and' bowels were very bad. ;
2 Now I have not used the Belt for the last two months, but lam gradually transform- l
X ing into a different man. I welch 133 pounds: I eat and seep well; my pains are all <
9 tSu>; my liver and bowels are cured, and I have no complaint whatever I feel very <
% good. Yours truly, FRANK HENICLL. '
° DON'T BE A U/EAK MAN. <
% It Is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are <
o weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you (
** strong; it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty i
9 days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. If you <
o are troubled with weakness in any way, call and examine this wonder- <
<i> ful Belt. Test the powerful current it gives and see how easily regu- • c
O lated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your <
*■ past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; " act ; now." - ,
9 Get the book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of c
O men, tells the cause of early decay In young and middle aged men. It 4
<i> shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives C
O the proof. It Is free upon application. A call preferred. <*
2 DR. A. X. SANDEN,
O 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny. Ban Fr»neisoo.
Office hours, la. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10
° to 1. Branches at Los Angreles, Cal., 232 West
*" Second street; Portland, Or., 233 Washington
O street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street:
«►' Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont..
O 130 North-; Main , street. ;
maker over tollroad charges, was to-day
held to answer in the Superior Court on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon
with intent to kill.
GANS GETS DECISION
OVER M'PARTLAND
Men Put Up a Beautiful Fight, Both.
Landing Freely and
Fiercely.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Joe Gans was to
night awarded the decision over Kid Mc-
Purtland in a twenty-five round bout be
fore the Lenox Athletic Club. McPart
land was a favorite in the betting over
the Maryland boy. Both boxers had
weighed in at 3 o'clock, neither turning
the scales at 133 pounds and their train
ers claimed that both men were in the
pink of condition. The men put up a
beautiful fight, both landing freely and
fiercely. By the ninth round Gans 1 suc
cess in landing his left swings on the head
sent his stock up. McPartland began to
get a bit wild in his work, but the col
ored boy kept his temper and his wind
and kept planting the telling blows on
his opponent's face. When the gong
sounded at the end of the twenty-fifth
round, however, JNlac Ptill had plenty of
fight in him.
The preliminary bout between Billy
Needhain of St. Paul, and Johnny Mar
shall, an Australian negro, was scheduled
for ten rounds at 126 pounds, but the an
tipodean was a few pounds under the
limit. Xr-odham cut out the pace from
the start and sent his left to the face
mid right to the body, while the nagm
did a lot of work with the left, which he
chopped on the face and neck. Marshall ;
was bleeding- from the nose at the close I
of the eighth round. Marshall was the ;
aggressor in the final round, but Need- |
ham countered cleverly. Marshall landed ,
a hard left swing on the face toward the
end of the bout, but Needham had the |
call at the finish. Referee Charley
White, however, declared Marshall the
winner.
REBELS ARE STEADILY
ADVANCING ON ILOILO
Some of the Spanish Forces Reported
to Havi3 Been Taken Pris
oners of War.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew V >rk
Herald. Copyrighted, .S9S. by -nines Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, Nov. 4.— The latest news
from Iloilo is that the rebels are ad
vancing and the Spaniards are retiring
before them. Foreigners are afraid the
rebels will attack the town. Use Ne
gros has been taken by the rebels. It is
rumored that some of the Spaniards are
prisoners. In the northern provinces of
Luzon there is much misrule by the
local authorities. Sheep robberies are
frequept and the public is furious. The
provinces under the immediate control
of Aguinaldo are fairly well ruled. If
the United States assumes part of
Spain's Philippine debt it should insist
on the payment of deposits in the sav
ings bank, or Caja de Depositos. Ninety
per cent of the depositors are poor per
sons. It is reported the priests are in
stigating one faction to support Ar
taohio, the bitter opponent of Aguin
aldo. Increasing dissensions among the
insurgents are diminishing the prob
ability of the latter opposing the Amer
icans.
DERELICT REPORTED
AT PORT TOWNSEND
Thought to Be the British Sealing
Schooner Pioneer, Consid
erably Overdue.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 4—
Captain John Hahn of the Canadian
■ :;er Victoria reports that on Sep
tember 29 he passed within ten yards of
a derelict. The craft had turned turtle
and appeared to l#e a vessel oi about 100
tons. The derelict was in latitude 51 de
grees 5 minutes north, longitude 156 de
grees 22 minutes wst, and in the direct
track of vessels coming from Bering Sea.
The derelict is thought to be the British
sealing schooner Pioneer, which is con
siderably overdue.
TRAFFIC ASSOCIATION
HAS BEEN DISSOLVED
Eastern Boads Will Now Seek to Se-
cure the Passage of a
Pooling Bill.
NEW YORT Nov. 4.— After a two
hours' session, which was attended by
the presidents of sixty odd railroads
between New York and Chicago, it was
decided to dissolve the Joint Traffic
Commission, in accordance with the
edict of the United States Supreme
Court, rendered a few weeks ago. It
was agreed that the Interstate Com
mission should be importuned to use
its influence to bring about the passage
of a pooling bill. Members of the com
mission have already favored the pas
sage of such a bill. Several times laws
to permit pooling have been before Con
gress, but have failed to make any
progress.
Oregon Murderer Doomed to Die.
ALBANY. Or.. Nov. 4.— M. T. McGrath.
convicted of having murdered Charles
Turner near Harrisburg on June 30, was
t<)-dt < )-d iy sentenced to be hanged on Decem
ber 16.
ARE YOU THE MAN
YOU SHOULD BE ?
STUDY YOURSELF.
DO YOU REALIZE THAT '
you are not the man you '
should be at your age? Do you ,
find your strength failing you, ex- ■
posing the great drain that has *
been sapping the very life and '
ambition out of you? Does this '
knowledge mar your life? Then (
it Is time for you to look serious- <
ly to your health. You nec'd sur-h (
a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric <
Belt, from which you can absorb '
new strength and vitality. It is <
a grand remedy for any one who <
is weak in vitality, from whatever '
cause. Read what it did for this \
happy man. \
NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Dr. Sanden'a Electric Belt
Is never sold In drug stores
nor by traveling agents; only <
at our office. C
* c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
THREE CORPS
TO INVEST CUBA
Troops Designated as the
Army of Occupation.
LEE IS ORDERED TO HAVANA
EVERY PORT OF THE ISLAND
WILL BE UNDEB GUABD.
No Provision Yet Made for General
Wheeler's Command, but It
May Also Be Sent to
the Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— A general
order was issued to-day designating the
troops for occupation in Cuba. It is as
follows:
Headquarters of the Army, Adjutant
Generals Office, Washington, Nov. 4.—
The Secretary of War directs that the fol
lowing troops be held in readiness to pro
coed to the island of Cuba, and to occupy
the stations herein designated, the move
ment to take place from time to time un
der Instructions to be communicated
First Army Corps, headquarters at
Cienfuegos; First Division, headquarters
at Cieni'uegos; First Brigade, headquar
ters and one regiment of infantry at
Santa Clara; two regiments of Infantry
and the Seventh. United States Cavalry at
Cienfuegos; Second Brigade, headquar
ters and two regiments of infantry at
Trinidad; one regiment of infantry at
Sancti Spiritus; Third Brigade, headquar
ters and one regiment of infantry at Sa
gua la Grande; one regiment of infantry
at Placetas and one regiment of, infantry
distributed between Remedios and Cal
barien.
Second Division, headquarters at Ma
tanzas; First and Third Brigades and the
Tenth United States Cavalry at Matan
zas; Second Brigade at Cardenas.
Second Army Corps, headquarters at
Havana:
First and Second Divisions at Havana.
Third Division, headquarters at Mariel;
First Brigade, headquarters and one reg
iment of infantry at Plnar del Rio; one
regiment of Infantry at Mariel; one
regiment of infantry at Guanajay; Sec
ond Brigade, headquarters and one regi
ment of infantry at Nuevitas; one regi
ment of infnntry at Puerto Principe; six
troops of the Eighth United States Cav
alry at Puerto Principe; six troops of the
Eighth United States Cavalry at Neu
vitap.
Seventh Army Corps, headquarters at
Havana.
First and Second Divisions at Havana;
Second and Sixth United States Cavalry
at Havana. The Second Regiment United
States Artillery will be assigned to the
Seventh Corps prior to their departure
from the United States. The batteries
will retain their present stations until
notified to prepare for embarkation for
Havana. Four light batteries, to be here
after designated, will be assigned as fol
lows: Two to the garrison of Havana
and two to Matanzas. The Second, Sixth
and Tenth United States Cavalry will re
main with the Fourth Army Corps unde
tached for embarkation.
Corps commanders are charged with
the preparation of their commands for
these movements. The quartermaster
general will make timely arrangements
for the transportation, not only of the
commands, but of the necessary impedi
ments. Hospitals will, as far as possible,
be provided in advance of the arrival of
troops. Subsistence to meet the needs of
the above service will be fully provided.
By command of Major General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
No provision is made regarding the
Fourth Corps, now at Huntsville, under
command of General Wheeler, although
in time it may be sent to Cuba. The
First Corps Is under command of Major
General James H. Wilson,' and the
Seventh under General Fitzhugh Lee.
The Second Corps is under the tempor
ary command of General Young, but
there is a possibility that when it
reaches Havana, General Wade, now
on the Cuban Commission, will be as
signed to command it.
Sunday at Glen Park.
There will be a grand performance at
Glen Park, the popular Mission resort, on
Sunday. The principal number on the
programme will be a thrilling tight-rope
walk by Professor Williams.
Williams gained much notoriety a few
weeks ago by his difficult and hazardous
performance of walking a wire cable in
Glen Park 1000 feet in length and 300 feet
above the ground for a wager of $500. He
Hill give another performance of the same
act on Sunday, performing, however, in
connection therewith, many difficult tricks
on the wire.
The balance of the programme will con
sist of a balloon ascension and parachute
jump by T. P. Hojal, a balancing ladder
act, an exhibition of educated cockatoos,
wrestling match by two prominent ath
letes, balloon ascension and parachute
jump by a bird, concert by the Glen Park
Band and a trombone solo.
« • ■
RUDOLPH NEUMANN'S. ESTATE.
Devised to Relatives and Friends.
No Public Legacies.
The will of Rudolph Neumann, who met
his death in a mine at Unga, Alaska, on
October 10, was filed for probate yester
day. The estate left by the decedent con
sists of real and personal property in this
State and the Northwest Territory of
Canada, and is of great value.
Following are the specific bequests:
To Dr. Leopold Neumann, a brother, all pic
tures, books. Jewelry, wearins apparel anil
personal effects; Henry Neumann, a brother,
now residing in Berlin, 500 shares Apollo Con
solidated Mining Company stock; to Elsie, wife
of Paul Neumann, an uncle, residing at Hono
lulu, 250 flhar.es Apollo Consolidated Mining
Company stock; to each of the six children of
Paul Neumann, 2&0 shares Apollo stock; to |
each of the three children of Edward Neu- i
mann, an uncle, and his wife, Susan, 250 ;
shares of Apollo stock; to Paul Rudolph. 350 !
shares -Apollo stock; to Margaret Lanyon, re- I
siding at. St. Michael, 350 shares Apollo stock;
•to Virginia Dun-stein, 200 shares Apollo stock;
to Johanna Neumann, widow of Julius Neu
man, an uncle, $1000.
The rest and residue . of .the estate is
bequeathed in equal shares to .Rosalie
Neumann, mother of the testator; Anna
Edith yon Pederzani, a sister; Mathilde
Neumann, a sister, and Dr. Leopold Neu
mann. Dr. Leopold Neumann is named
as executor, to serve without bonds.
This Week's Wasp.
Exceptionally bright and catchy the Wasp
comes out this week, full of fine Illustrations
and replete with entertaining features. The
cartoons deal with the Phelan attack on Father
Yorke and the subsequent explosion of the rev
erend's returned bomb. The frightful dilemma
of the Democratic voter confronted with the
various "Jims" at the head of his party ticket
Is also finely depleted. In "Social Side Lights"
Teresa relates Home interesting gossip on
"Cigarette" teas — a fashionable dissipation
with some young women at present — and
Mulrooney writes one of his characteristic skits
on the free pass in politics.
In the Divorce Courts.
Katherine S. Frank has been granted a
divorce from Gustav Frank on the ground
of failure to provide. Decrees of divorce
on the ground of willful neglect have been
granted Cora M. Brewster from Arthur E.
Brewster, Mary Freeman from Robert B.
Freeman and Frederick Albrecht from
Frederlka Albrecht. Joseph Blumer asks
for a divorce from Sadie Blumer on tne
ground of desertion.
Oregon Express Delayed.
Passengers on the Oregon express, due
here at 8:15 yesterday morning, did not
reach this city until 9 p. m. The delay
was occasioned by the wreck of a freight
train near Kennet.
The Hardtmuth pencil Is the best in the
world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
Spanish Interpreter Wanted.
xne united states Civil service Coin-
mission announces that on November 22,
IS9B, commencing at 9 a. m. ( an examina
tion will be held in this city for the po
sition of Spanish Interpreter for the Im
migration Department in this city at a
salary of $900 per annum.
ENGLAND'S WAR
PREPARATIONS CONTINUE
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 4.— Last night
150 men arrived over the Canadian Pa
cific for the sloop-of-war Icarus, and
that vessel, which has been completely
refitted, was put into commission to
day. The flagship Imperieuse has been
provisioned and has. been taken abroad
limit of her supply of ammunition. All
her bunkers are full to the utmost ca
pacity of coal, and she is under steam
night and day ready to obey the first
order.
News received to-night is considered by
those in command to be the most im
portant which has reached here, and al
though "deserving the usual non-com
mittal attitude of the British officers,
those in command do not attempt any
denial of the assertion that a crisis has
been reached which is the gravest in
tho history of the empire in many
years. There is considerable specula
tion as to the destination of the Am
phion, the armored cruiser which left
here a few days ago under sealed or
ders. The opinion that she was head
ed for the French settlement at the So
ciety Islands is giving way to the idea
that she may have been ordered to the
China coast, although there seems but
little foundation for any change of the
first impression. The Leander will be
ready for service in a few hours, and
the torpedo-boat destroyer Virago is to
be commissioned at once. The Sparrow
Hawk, another destroyer, is coaled and
provisioned.
When the steamer Riojun Maru dock
ed here this morning her officers were
assailed with questions as to the con
dition of affairs on the China coast.
Captain Elliott says the Interest in Ma
nila happenings has now given way to
the possibility of war between Great
Britain and some other European
power. Five thousand men were re
cently landed at Wei-Hai-Wei to man
the British forts, and the large squad
ron there has recently been reinforced
by vessels from Hongkong. Russia has
22.000 men at Port Arthur.
There appears to be good foundation
for the statement that the Empress
vessels of the Canadian Pacific Rail
road line will take on their armament
immediately.
MATAAFA HAS NOT
YET BECOME KING
There Is a Serious Disagreement
Among Members of the Board
of Control of Apia.
VANCOUVER, B. 0., Nov. 4.— News
from Samoa is not very quieting. The
Board* of Control, during the present in
terregnum, had several meetings and then
split up. The Consuls of Germany, the
United Statea and England and the two
treaty officials did not work harmoniously
together. What this board really intend
ed to do has never been ascertained, but
it is believed that the President desired
to take charge of the Samoan Govern
ment and to run the whole show himself,
with occasional help from the Chief Jus
tice.
When the steamer Aorangi left Austra
lia it was learned that the relationship
between the British Consul and President
Raffel was strained.
The President was inclined to give in,
but he finds it difficult to extricate him
self from differences in which he has be
come involved by his own act. Meanwhile
Mataafa was not yet king when the mail
left.
Some of the people, urged on by a
section of foreigners, are advocating the
abolishment of the kingship. There are
others who are desirous of trying the
experiment of running the country with
out a king for six or twelve months. This
plan may receive favorable considera
tion from the Chief Justice, who actually
has full power in the matter. The treaty
In section 6 of article 3 confers upon him
the duty of settling the kingship.
The country 80 far is quiet, but this
state is owing entirely to the presence of
warships.
"SWIFTWATER BILL" IS
ON HIS WAY SOUTH
With the Last Lot of Dawsonites to
Come Out Before the Biver
Closes.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 4.— Three steam
ships reached port from Alaska, to-day,
bringing the last crowd of Dawsonites who
will reach the outside world before tho
river freezes, together with a large crowd
from Copper River and Atlin. The City
of Seattle, which was the first to arrive,
had about $100,000. The purser had $80,000
in the safe. The Danube, which arrived a
few hours later, had $80,000, and the
Amur, which tame in behind the Danube,
had $50.t'i>0. Among the arrivals was
Swlftwater Bill (W. G. Gates), who is
bound for San Francisco. He said he
would go to Oakland to live, where he
would be joined by Mrs. Gates. From
Oakland he will go to London late in the
winter.
The Dawsonites bring news that ice is
thickening on the river below the White
Horse. The day before the Seattle left
there was a heavy fall of snow all along
the coast. News is given by J. Grif
fiths Stephens, a mining expert of Dead
wood, of new finds on Scroggie Creek ..i
tributary of the Stewart, about twenty
miles from its mouth. This is the strike
which nan created such marked exclte
im-nt at Dawson and caused a stampede
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN OPERATION AVOIDED.
1 .' — . r
Mrs. Rosa Gaum "Writes to Mrs.
Finkham About it. She Says:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I take pleas-
ure in writing you a few lines to in-
form you of the good your Vegetable
Compound; has done me. I cannot
thank you enough for what your medi-
cine has done for me; it has, indeed,
helped me wonderfully. nJJJJL
For years I was trou- /*^Z^>w
bled with an /V^""V\
ovarian tumor, ,j^jrsm&&&L ?\\
each year grow- y^SLjS|§|lgg<q|j| \
ing worse, un- I '«i§|ils nIL
was compelled 7 V^^lalr A I
to consult with j^^Jw-
a physician. _ i _>^ V MIL
me but to go under an operation.
In speaking with a friend of mine \
about it, she recommended Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, say-
ing she knew it would. me. I then
sent for your medicine, and after tak-
ing thiee bottles of it, the tumor dis-
appeared. . Oh! you do not know how
much good your medicine has done
me. I shall recommend it to all suffer-
ing ; women.— Mrs. Rosa Gaum, 720
Wall St., Los Angeles, Cal. .(/ :
. The great and unvarying success of
Lydia E. ; Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound in relieving every derangement
of the female organs, demonstrates
it to be the modern safeguard of wo-
man's happiness and bodily strength.
More than a million women have been
benefited by it. / ;; \ t ] <
Every , woman who ■ needs advice
about her health is invited to : write : to ;
Mrs. Pinkham. at Lynn, Mass. ; *'J~f*-'f~; :
from the Klondike district. Stephens,
who is the discoverer of Scroggie Creek,
says the manner in which Scroggie Creek
was located was by simply studying the
country and following up the mineral in
dications to the dome. He has an in
teresting theory regarding the northern
placer formation, and believes the find
ing of gold on the bcroggie demonstrates
his theory is correct.
The American tug w allowa, which was
towing the bark Columbia down, has been
wrecked on JYiary Island. ran on
a rock Tuesday and it is a matter of
speculation whether she will be saved.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dissolution of Co-Partnership.
~i~-~jk ~~ $125,000
\ r:sfr :$f Worth of FINE
I \{vSsV: | SHOES : to be
r. "^^k. sold at less than
. '•■-^V'3%. manufacturers'
MEN'S ALASKA SEAL SHOES, C?Q IPZ
lace or Congress, reduced to.. tJJ.*r»I.U
Sold elsewhere for $3 and $3 50.
"<:■::■"-".■ ■ ' ,';>-.'•"
MISSES' ALASKA SEAL. LACE SHOES, new
coin toe:
Sizes 8% to 12 Price SI.OO
Sizes 12& to 2 Price #1.25 -
LADIES' FINE VICI KID SHOES, lace or
button, cloth or kid top, new <lrl Off
coin toe, reduced to «t]7I«OCJ
Former price $3.
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY VICI KID LACE
f SHOES, silk vesting top, new <CO P*fl
coin toe, reduced to IfJ^t»XJ\J
LADIES' BEST QUALITY FELT FZftr*
SLIPPERS, reduced to OUt
The above prices are but a few of the big
bargains now on sale in all our departments.
Country orders solicited. Telephone, Jessie 1637.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO.,
1384 and 1300 Market Street.
AMUSEMENTS.^ '
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Manager*.
Last Three Performances by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY
AND BLANCHE BATES.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT
THE TRANSIT OF LEO.
SUNDAY NIGHT
REPETITION DEMANDED.
Owing to the Tremendous Success of
IBSEN'S
**f\ DOLL'S HOUSE!"
The Great Drama Will Be Repeated on SUN-
DAY NIGHT.
NEXT MONDAY^' 'MISTAKES WILL HAP-
PEN." . . ' .
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
P MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.
The Perfect Production.
SOWING the WIND
The Great Sex Against Sex Drama.
MONDAY— the Great Magician.
PYTR A Owing to the Tremendous Sue-
Ili-'Yi.J-V-™.. cess of the IBSEN play. »
"A DOLL'S HOUSE,"
The Management of the BALDWIN THEATER
Announce It for Repetition on SUN-
■ DAY NIGHT, Nov. 6.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
"HOGAN'S ALLEY,"
WITH ITS YELLOW KIDS.
Prices : 15c, 25c, 35c 50c.
SUNDAY NIGHT— MURRAY AND MACK IN
"FINNIGAN'S BALL."
r\ r TT? A -Owing to the Tremendous Sue-
JliJ^lXXii.. cess of the mSEN play,
"A DOLL'S HOUSE,"
The management of the BALDWIN THEATER
Announce It for Repetition on SUN-
DAY NIGHT. Nov. 6.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AND
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
25c to all parts; gallery. 15e.
THE HENDERSON COMPANY
Presenting the Society Comedy-Drama,
The Crust of Society
A ENTIRE
SUPERB NEW
COMPANY. s SCENERY.
Seats— Comedy Theater.
PRICES ...15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
NEXT MONDAY— J. Carter's Realism.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
1 I IL< • • •
AND
DUCHESS.
Presented by the Leading Opera Organization
■ of America.
Next Week — "GIROFLE-GIROFLA and
"CIRCUS QUEEN."
Coming— "SUZETTE."
Popular Prices 25a and 500
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, ■ 25c.
SUNDAY, NOV. 6, AT 1:30 P. M.
rp - ALL THIS SHOW AND MORE. --.I
• I THRILLING TIGHT-ROPE WALK.
11 1000 Feet Long. 300 Feet High. V|. ;|
fj BALLOON ASCENSION AND PAR- D
| ACHUTE JUMP; EDUCATED COCK- ; X ?
■ ATOOS; BALANCING LADDER; p
L WRESTLING MATCH; AERIAL -
■ i CLOWN; BIRD AERONAUT; CON- v |
I CERT; CORNET SOLO. Jj^ |
IV Admission 10c, no further charge; C j
V^ children under 5 years free. Take San •__• j
ij Mateo electric cars. ■ Mission, • Valen- ,T" .'
cia and Butter street lines transfer. No . "
liquors sold in Glen Park.
CONCEBTS AND SESORTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
--- .'„ .- -..--■• ■ :•■
SUNDAY* NOVEMBER 6. AT ; 2:30 P. M.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES,
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION, 10c. ...;.....*... ...CHILDREN. 6c
1 Open daily from 7a.m. to 6 p." m. . ; "
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
THIS AFTERNOON, AT 3 O'CLOCK. LAST
HEINRICH RECITAL.
> SPECIAL REQUEST * PROGRAMME!
POPULAR PRICES ...... ......C0c,,750 and $1
: _ ' AMUSEMENTS.
lo¥S¥iHOiiTiJir
SOCIAL^EVENT
SOCIAL EVENT
TAKES PLACE-
SECOND -A.3Sr3SrXJ-A.iLj
■'. ... . . . ■ .., ■ ■
C^TTCUTnM Tl7 A
UoxliUlN lliA
For the Benefit of the
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE,
To be Given at the Residence of MRS. M. H. DE
YOUNG, No. 1919 California Street,
SATURDAY, November 5,
From 2 to 5 P, M, 8 to 11 P.M.
A Musical and Varied Entertainment Afternoon and Evening by
Some <ff the Most Prominent Young Ladies and Gentlemen.
bOVER FIFTY LADIES TAKING F»/\RT.
TICKETS .. . . .... ...... $1.00
CHILDREN. 25
Tickets can only be procured from the Lady Managers and at
Woman's Exchange, 26 Post Street.
9 Undsr the management of the following ladies of the Exchange:
MRS. HENRY SCHMIEDELs MRS. LOUIS GERSTLE,
MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, MRS. WILLIAM P. MORGAN,
MRS. JOHN CURRY, MRS. SANDS FORMAN,
MRS. H. L. DODGE. MISS JENNIE BLAIR,
MRS. E. S. BREYFOGLE, . MRS. SAMUEL D. MAYER,
MRS. ALBERT T. SPOTTS. MRS. WEBSTER JONES,
MRS. R. E. BUNKER. MRS. ADOLF AND MISS GRACE UNGPR,
MRS. SOPHIE LILIENTHAL, MRS. MARK GERSTLE. ": ■"■'- '■■
MRS. N. O. KITTLE, MRS. GEORGE A. KNIGHT. o
MRS. SAMUEL KNIGHT, MRS. H. E. HIGHTON.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), NOV. 5.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, luc, any part.
CARL HERTZ, World Famous Magician.
RAYMON MOORE, Celebrated Balladtst.
NEWSBOYS 1 QUINTET, Latest Musical Not-
elty.
PEARL ANDREWS, Queen of Mimics.
SELLS & YOUNG, Comedy Acrobats.
MR. and MRS. ROYLE and COMPANY, in
New Act, "The Highball Family."
JOHN' C. RICE and SALLY COHEN, In
"Our Honeymoon." •
ROSSOW MIDGETS and CHARLIE ROS-
SOW. In New Specialties.
NEXT AVEKK. PAULINE HALL, BEAT-
RICE MORELAND AND OTHERS.
"alcazar theater.
mATINEE TO-D/\Y.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY),
LAST TIMES OF
N. C GOOD\A/IN'S
Laughable Comedy,
"AMBITION!"
Prices : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK— The Laugh Provoker, "DR.
BILL."
OLYMPIA, cJZfKk.
America's Most Beautiful Musio Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK AND A GREAT
SENSATION.
The Four Florences!
World's Greatest Acrobats.
LAST WEEK ( ' THE FAVORITE
IRENE FRANKLIN.
The Great Hit of the Season in New Songs.
IRENE FRANKLIN.
AN.D A WONDERFUL SHOW
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
IKETIMeTCOIE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands or COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BKAX.K STS.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V altsr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and ilanaget
FIRST TIME HERE OF
Lewis Morrison's Great Eastern Success,
"THE INDIAN."
ROMANTIC STORY,
EXCITING SCENES.
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats ... 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery . . 10c
Seats' on sale at box-office and main floor of
the Emporium.
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
IMLESIDE COURSING PARK.
NEXT SATURDftY^AKD SUNDAY. '
PUPPY AND OPEN STAKES.
ALL THE CRACK* GREYHOUNDS
IN AMERICA WILL BE IN
- THE RUNNING.
Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gates. m -.
ADMISSION— 2S cents. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning SATURDAT.
October 29, to November 12, inclusive.
OAKLAND 7 RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday,- Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs- '
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE: RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. ; Sharp. -
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1,  1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., . connecting
with - trains - stopping at the entrance to th«
Track. . Buy your ferry, tickets to Shell Mound. ,
Returning— leave the Track at '.4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS.' H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILF.OY. Secretary.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and ; specific tonlo .
for - the -- sexual . and -■ urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy lor diseases •of ■■ the "
kidneys '- and bladder. v A ' great • . Restorative.
Invigorator and : Nervine. -• Sells ■ on -Hi ' own -:
Merits; no long-winded testimonial* necessary.
l NABER. 'ALFS & • BRUME, Agents, ■. :j
• m i Market ; street. ' 8. C— (Bead lor ClrcuiM.i
78
RUBICON HAD
HIS OLD TIME
SPEED TO SELL
Ran Away From Ber
nardilio.
RINGMASTER A SURPRISE
DEFEATED BENAMELA A NOSE
FOR THE OPENING EVENT.
Three Choices Captured Purses — Am
asa Outfooted a Cluster of
Speed in a Sprinting
Dash.
After letting his people down hard on
two or three different occasions Rubicon
gave a sample of what he can do in the
seven furlong event at Oakland yester
day. Tho big chestnut horse was held a
3 to 6 favorite by the ring and won all the
way, romping past the stand In l:27Vi- It
did look as if Bernardillo had a chance,
but Kiley had the leg up, and that youth
would make a bigger hit as mascot for some
losing baseball team. It was about all he
could do with hiß mount to oeat Sport
McAllister for the place.
The balance of the racing was very or
dinary. Of the favorites. Benamela and
Chinuahua spoiled the slate.
In the opening mile race, for selling
platers, Ringmaster, with Charley Th6rpe
on his back, outran himself. Ferguson let
the even money favorite Benamela away
last, and though Rutter persevered with
him got up in time to be beaten out a
nose. Ringmaster made all the running,
and stepped the distance off in l:4lVs.
Whitcomb, second most of the way, fin
ished in the show.
The six and a half furlong spin for fillies
went to the Burns & Waterhouse filly
Humidity, a 4 to 5 choice. Thorpe rode
her, and taking all the room he desired
through the stretch and more, too, led
Hemera out over two lengths. Jennie
Reid was the only other starter.
Rey del Tierra looked more than fit yes
terday, and the mile and a sixteenth pell
ing run was only play for him. He went
to the post a 7 to 10 favorite and was
always in the lead, finally winning hands
down from P. A. Finni-->n. Hennessy
rode Soscol hard, but had to be content
with third place honors.
There was a cluster of speed gathered
in the final five and a half furlong sprint,
with Chihuahua. Ed Gartland 11, Amasa
and Roadwarmer ■ fancied in the order
named. After several attempts Amasa
eot away in the lead, which advantage
he held to the end. leading Little Alarm.
a rank outsider, over the line two lengths
In 1:07%.
Turf Gossip.
Charley Pesch, one of the right bowers
of Marcus Cartright, took the deserted
stand of the Prussian Club and chalked
up prices yesterday.
The stable of Pat Dunne, arrived Thurs
day night and is now stabled at Ingle
side track. Jinks, Paul Griggs, David
Tennj- and Survivor are the stars.
The Montana jockey owner, Billy Ding
ley, got in from the north yesterday
with Bill Howard, McPryor and None
Such.
Handicapper Brooks took umbrage at j
some newspaper criticism and mixed up |
with the sporting editor of an evening ;
Journal down in the paddock yesterday.
Bystanders interfered and the passage at
arms was a bloodless one.
The injury to Excursion, who was cut '
down in Thursday's race, has proved to be
such a bad one the colt will probably be
destroyed.
If Frawley would take a trip to some
springs, drink all the sulphur water in
the region, masticate a cord or so of Ore
gon pine wood and then diet on Chinese j
firecrackers for a fortnight it might in- j
fuse some vim into his riding. With any |
6ort of an intelligent ride Hemera might i
have given Humidity an argument.
The poor start Benamela got contrib- !
uted to his downfall. No fault could be |
found with Rutter's handling of the
brown horse, for had he won by a nose ;
instead of getting beaten . out by one
everybody would have been singing his j
praises. i
Vogt, who rode Tobey, should; when he I
gets ready to leave this sphere, will 1
the gray "matter in his skull to some j
microscopical society. He threw the leg j
over the horse mentioned in the opening ,
event, and so well were the animal's \
chances thought of that the ring laid 200 j
to 1 against him. Notwithstanding that !
he had no cha/ice. Vogt with his steels
kicked hair enough from the poor brute's
Bides to fill a mattress.
Lady Hurst is evidently sour, for when j
the barrier went up she turned with j
Thorpe and was left at the post.
Defender, a 300 to 1 chance, made a re
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, November 4, 1898.— Sixth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON*. Starter.
|£»O FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
161 Ringmaster, 4... ..108;
155 Benamela. 5 106
152 Whit comb, 4 104!
1.-.S Kruna. 4 104|
158 Masoero, 5 107;
158 Queen Nubia, 4 104 1
... Tob«y, 6 104]
I
7
! 2
I 6
i 4
I 1
I 5
2 2
6 4
3 4
5 24
4 1
1 h
7
1 14
5 2
2 4
4 4
6 10
t h
7
1 2
3 2
2 4
4 2
5 4
6 15
7 «
1 2
3 2
2 4
4 2
5 4
6 15
7
1 ns
2 2
3 6
46
5 3
6 20 1
i i norpe
Rutter
Gray
Holmes
Snider
Frawley
Vogt
1-6
15
10
US
IBS
Time— Vi, :25U; 4. :50; %, 1:154; mile, 1:414- Winner, O. Appleby's eh. g. by Buck-
master-Grizette. Good start. Won first three driving.
|S»Q SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... Humidity 110] 3 11 1 % 1% 114 12*4 Thorpe I 2-5 4-3
ISO Hemera 1021 1 214 2 4 3 3 2 2 Frawley 4 7-2
157 Jennie Reid 106! 2 3 3 214 2 4 3 Rutter | 4 11-5
Time— 3-16, — ; 5-16, :31; 9-16, :56; 64 f, 1:214- Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. f.
by Hlndoo-Calphurnia. Poor start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
3
1
2
1 1
2 14
3
1%
2 4
3
1 %
3
2 14
1 14
3
2 4
1 24
2 2
,3
Thorpe
Frawley
Rutter
•rj f\ THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward
1I U* purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. "Weight.
Std.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
147 Rey del Tierra. 4..106| 1 lh 1! 12' il2 11 134 Rutter 1 7-10
U1 P A. Finnegan. 3..102 2 22 224 2 2 2HA 3 8 2 4 IC'Nell Z 7
(1*:.) Soscol, 3 110 4 .3 4 31 32 36 2Vi 35 jHennessy 3 5
I".!' Tenrlca. 3 97 6 6 6 4448 44 46 (Devtn 60 200
155 Yeloz 4 102 5 42 5 4 53 515 520 520 iHolmes 10 15
119 Llttlff Cripple, a.. ..102! 3 63 44 6 6 6 6 JKlley 60 60
159 Lady Hurst, 4.......107J * : -j ... [Thorpe Z 7
•Left.
Time— s-lfi, :»1; S-16, :66%i; 13-16. 1:22*.; m< c, l:41Vi: 1 1-16 m.. 1:47%. Winner, E. W. Pur-
ser's b. h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haidee. Good start except Lady Hurst. Won easily. Sec-
ond and third driving. ■
1 lh .
2.2 2
4.3 4
6 6
5 4 2
3 5 3'
•
12 1 24
224 2 2
31 3 2
6 4 4
54 5 3
4 4 6
12 11 1 34
214 3 8 2 4
362 4 3 5
4 8 4 4 4 <■
5 15 o 20 5 20
6 6 6
uiier
Nell
ennessy
evtn
olmes
iley
horpe
1
3
3
GO
10
60
3
171 FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: th
purse, |400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
146 Rubicon, a 110 4 114 18 110 16 12 Ptggott 1-2 3-5
ir.fi Bernardillo. 4 104(1 2h 324 8 2 2 3 2 6 Kiley 2 8-6
lE2 Sport McAllister, C.IM l 34 224 2 1 33 3h Rutter 8 15
153 Durwarrl. 4 <X 6 5 2 6 4 5 4 4 2 4 h [j. Relff 20 80
156 Tom Smith, 4 9S| 3 43 44 42 610 520 IHolmes 40 150
152 Manzanllla. 4 Lol| t 6 6 6 < 6 iKrnwley 40 100
Time-4. :13: %, :364; %, 1:004: T /4. 1:274. Winner, E. Lanigans i-h. h. by imp. Rayon
d'Or-UUie R. Good start. Won easing up. Se#Dnd easily. Third driving.
Scratched— Zarro 98. P F 104, Lost Girl 10», Dolore 104, Red Glenn 98, Inverary II 99.
Piggott
Kiley
Rutter
J. Relff
Holmes
I Frawley
1-2
2
8
M
40
40
|»-rQ FIFTH KACE— Five and a half furlongs; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%mi
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
ir,2 Amnsa. 3 102! 1 ... 11 11 12 n Powell 3 7-2
154 Little Alarm, 3 102' 5 ... 2h 3 4 3h 24' Gray 10 30
132 Chihuahua, 3 10214 ... 64 51 4h 31 Devln 5-2 2
... Pefendt-r, 4 11212 ... 42 44 2n 4h Buckley 30 300
... K'l Gartland H, 3... 107 8 ... 8 3 7 4 6 1 6 4 Rutter 5-2 5-2
152 Fi»r Ijent. 4 107 « ... 6 4 6 4 5 4 6U iHennessy .... 10
162 Homestake, 4 107 7 ... 7 h 820 7 1 710 jMoßee 20 60
134 Kondwarmer, 5 110 3 ... 3 4 2 1 8 6 820 Thorpe 3 9-2
(SS) Miss Dividend. 3. ...107 9 ... 9 9 9 9 Snider 15 ]»)
_... Grandezia, 4 112 * ! _~ ._ i . ... M. Bergen 15 200
•Left.
Time— 3-16, :1S; 7-16. :424: 64 f.. 1:07 V Winner Crane & Owens' b. k. by Captain Al-
Laily Intruder. Good start except Grandezlr ■"~*-v.— •• ,—-._ c*,. O nd and third driving.
Scratched— FJandea 110.
152 Amasa. 3 1<
154 Little Alarm, 3 1!
132 Chihuahua, 3 V
... Defender. 4 11
... K'l Gartland H. 3...1<
152 FiX !>>fir. 4 1(
162 Hom**stake. 4 U
1.~4 Rond warmer, 5 r
(99) Miss Dividend, 3....X
... Grandezia, 4 11
•
markably g-ood showing In the final
sprint. Carrying more weight than the
first three past the wire he led into the
stretch by a head, finishing a close fourth.
Ed Gartland was supposed to have been
cherry ripe, and with a better start things
would perhaps have gone his way. He is
essentially a front runner, but got away
back in the bunch. The black colt will do
to play next time out.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and ..upward. „.
(154)Prompto 931 ... Personne 99
...Flandes 105 1 <153)Forwort8 90
153 Inverary II 98i 156 Dolore 107
IF.S Magnus 90 ... Bandow 111 9S
163 Lomo 107. 90 Joe Levy 90
Second Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds.
(157;Ventoro IK| 162 Lime Water 106
... Rey Hooker 106 (F 6) Petal 103
(lCO)Olinthus 115 ... Don't Tell 100
(160) First Tenor 11l
Third Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; Cal
ifornia Maiden stake; value, $1000.
144 Hannah Reid.. ..1071 150 Jingle J1ng1ft....107
162 Elizabeth R 1<H I ; HHOliuiove i*
157 Anchored 115 160 Gleßgaber
160 Master Lee W7 ... Bngea U»
98 Irlandais 1091 ...Don't Tell lla
Fourth Race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; Emeryville Handicap.
(57)Wb«*l Fortune. lo2 161 Grady 110
165 Mamie G !>3 ... Imp. Mistral 11.100
145 Morellito 100 161 San Venado 93
<165)Shasta Water... »o 161 Cromwell 108
166 Buckwa 1101
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
(15S)Judge Stouffer.. lo4 l 142 Relna de Los
159 Bliss Rucker.... 971 Angeles 99
148 Major Cook 99l 134 Howard 104
162 Highland Ball.. 108 1 163 Defiant 94
(162)Yenien 104 1 154 Lost Girl 104
Selections for To-Bay.
First Race— Flandes, Personne, Forwerta.
Second Race — First Tenor, Limewater, Olin
thus.
Third Race— Glengaber, Engea, .Tingle Jingle.
Fourth Race — Grady, Shasta Water, Crom
well.
Fifth Race — Yemen, Bllgs Rucker, Judge
Stouffer. ______________
HIGH CLASS DOGS TO
MEET AT INGLESIDE
FIRST CLASS COURSING PROM
ISED FOR TO-DAY.
A Fine Sixty-Four Dog Stake to Be
Run Off and Also a Good
Puppy Stake.
Leashmen who are desirous of seeing
first-class coursing should certainly at
tend the meetings at Ingleside Park to-
day and to-morrow, as there are among
the sixty-four candidates for coin and
glory many famous dogs. Forget, Tod
Sloan, Swlnnerton, Skyball, Laurelwood,
Rock Island Boy, Mind Your Eye, Irma,
Senorita, Connemara, Patrla and Moon
dyne are all first-class representatives of
the local kennels, and will doubtless re
tire from the field with distinction, at
least so far as to-day's sport is concerned.
As there are not a few Eastern dogs in
the stake which have shown good form
in private trials, it would be well for
speculators to exercide some caution when
betting on the courses, as some of the
dogs which will certainly figure in the
short end may surprise those who are
fenerally successful in picking winners,
winnerton and Killarney I^ass should
make a very close race, although the first
named dog may show the greater speed
to game. It is said that Prince Hall is
very liable to lower the colors of Rock
Island Boy, but he wiD need be a
"flier" to win a flag from me
Boy if the latter is in anything
like good form: still, there are many un
certainties 1n coursing. Bendalong and
Llssak should also run an interesting
course, provided that IJssak will not re
sort to cunning tactics. If Senorita is
right she may give Connemara a grueler,
especially if a good hare is liberated. If
Rocklin "Brll is in condition she should
make matters very interesting for Miss
Dividend, although she will doubtless be
placed on the short end.
So far as the puppies are concerned it
is difficult to pick the probable winners,
as the youngsters are unreliable and no
one can form an idea of how they will
act. It is generally the puppy stakes
that bother the talent, aB a line cannot
be drawn on the tyros, excepting in some
few instances.
Great preparations have been made by
the Ingleslde Coursing Club for its annual
meeting on the far-famed plains of Mer
ced The drawing 1 will be held in Pythian
Castle at 8:30 o'clock on Saturday even
ing the 12th inst.. and it will be limited
to sixty-four dogs. It can T!e said, right
now, that the stake is pretty well filled
and dog owners who anticipate seeing
their longtails flying over the sand dunes
should make application to Secretary
Ivlmer as soon as possible, or otherwise
they may find themselves shut out on the
evening of the drawing.
The club and its friends will leave here
on Monday morning, the 14th inst.. at 9
o'clock and will reach Merced at 2:30 p.
m ■ fare for the round trip, good for four
days, is $4. A grand banquet will be held
immediately after the drawing on next
Saturday evening. *
William Bodgers Sentenced.
William Rodgers, convicted of grand
larceny, was sentenced to one and a. half
years in San Quentin by Judge Cook yes
terday.
THE SAX FIIA^CISCO CALX,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
WINNERS ON THE
EASTERN TURF
Fine Weather and Fast
Tracks.
HELEN'S PET A SURPRISE
BEATS HER FIELD AT TEN
TO ONE.
How the Horses Ban in the Various
Events at Chicago, Cincir »
nati and Nashville
Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 4.— Lakeside results.
Weather clear and warm and track fast:
First race, five furlongs — Helen's Pet, 10 to
1, won; Hanlight, 1 to 2, second; Nora Ives
third. Time. 1:03.
Second race, six furlongs — Andes, 6 to 5, won;
Cathedral, even, second; Tenole third. Time,
1:15%.
Third race, mile and an eighth— Dr. Shep
pard. 1 to 5, won; Globe 11, 4 to 1, second;
Muskadine third. Time. 1:57%.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Dave
Waldo, 8 to 5, won; Ferroll, even, second; Good
Friend third. Time. 1:09.
Fifth race, one mile— Facade. 6 to 2, won:
Harry Nutter, 3 to 6, second; Nailor third.
Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Free Lady, 3 to 1,
won; Hardly, 7 to 5 second; Don Orslno third.
Time, 1:28V4. ,
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4— Weather fine; track
fast. Summaries:
First race, one mile— Stockholm won, Doml
nls second, Leonag third. Time, 1:42H-
Second race, five furlongs— Souchon won,
Miss Josephine second, Primavera third. Time,
1:02.
Third race, seven furlongs— Tuba Dam won.
Miss Ross second. Horseshoe Tobacco third.
Time. 1:28%.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Rotha won, Orme second. Gage third. Time,
1:46%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Shinfane won. Rice
second. Friesland third. Time, 1:17.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Can I See 'Em
won, Motllla second, Egbart third. Time,
1:42*.
NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. 4.— Weather clear;
track fast. Summaries:
First race, seven furlongs — Allouette won.
Defiance second, Dutch Bard third. Time, 1:29.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, selling
—Reed won. Rear Admiral second, Mildred
Raines third. Time, :56.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Viscount won. Confession second, Annie Tay
lor third. Thne, 1:45%.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Pat Garrett won.
Neada second, Weller third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs — Damocles
won, Mystery second, Preclta third. Time,
1:15.
PROGRESS OF THE
FOOTBALL TEAMS
AN INTEBESTING GAME FOB,
THIS AFTEBNOON.
Both College Elevens Actively Pre
paring for the Great Game
on Thanksgiving.
This afternoon the Stanford eleven will
line up against the Olympics and next Sat
urday California will meet the clubmen for
the last time this season. The athletic
club college matches have improved
steadily since the first game of the year,
and the contest to-day should be the best
of the season up to date. Unless Stanford
plays the Olympics on Tuesday, election
day, this will be the last opportunity to
see the cardinal in San Francisco before
the Intercollegiate match. From the play-
Ing of Stanford this afternoon the judg
ment of the football enthusiasts on the
respective strengths of the 'varsity teams
will be formed. The same critical eyes
will be fastened on the Californians next
week when they will play their last match
game before the final struggle of the
year.
Stanford has not yet recovered from
the shock of the freshman game, which
it thought would mean another victory
for their cherished colors. The California
freshmen played a cleaner, faster, more
cohesive game than any team wearing
the blue and gold ever put up. It was
no less than a revelation to the Califor
nia men who were accustomed to see
ragged work from a freshman football
aggregation. The excellence of the play
on the part of the California team forced
Stanford hors de combat very soon after
the opening of the game. California has
a capable lot of men in the freshman
class, and some of them will be on
the 'varsity this year. Smith proved him
self a very strong and effective ground
gainer, and he will undoubtedly be seen
in the Thanksgiving day game. Others
who displayed a knowledge and willing
ness to do something were Lippman,
More, Womble and Hill. Womble, the
left end, will probably play the same po
sition in the varsity, and Lippman sub
stitute half.
Team play is what Stanford will have to
develop in the next few weeks. There
seems to be a lack of concentration of ef
fort, which is due In a^neasure to the
little practice the men have had as a
team. Few of the players have lined up
with the college team in an intercollegi
ate game. They are now being trans
formed into a representative eleven un
der the watchful eyes of Harry P. Cross.
At present the bulk of his coaching has
been bestowed upon the center trio. The
backs have of necessity been more or
less neglected, but th's week the college
graduate players will begin their work on
the back Held.
At California the interest of the game is
still on the increase, although the team
has not shown any remarkable improve
ment in the past week. Cochran is stead
ily keeping the men down to hard, grill
ing practice, without much rest of any
kind. The freshman victory has enlivened
the spirits of the students, and they ttre
now hopeful of a victory on Thanksgiv
ing day. Team play is what is drilled
into the players, and they are taught for
the first time in their lives that there is
nothing half so effective as a hard, de
termined, plugging game. Hall, Kaars
berg. Smith and Thane form the quartet
of backs, and they are now playing with
some precision and harmony. The line
is the place on which the hopes of the
team will be anchored, and it is this sec
tion that is giving the coach the greatest
worry. The center trio is by no means
picked, nor wfll it be for some few days.
Cornish has superseded Greisberg at cen
ter, and has been playing a fair quality
of ball. The guards are the problem.
They are likely to be any two out of
Athern. Hoopor, Barnes and a number of
other candidates. The tackles are be
coming crystallized, however. They will
very likely be Pringle and Whipple; the
ends who are making the best showing
are Womble and Craig.
The Olympics have had the misfortune
to develop too late in the season for an
athletic club. The colleges appear in
their best form just about the middle of
November, but an athletic club that plays
every week should be in good trim early
in the season. And this is just what did
not happen to the Olympics. They are
now a strong team and will give Stanford
a hard rub to-day. It would not be very
surprising if the Olympics won the match
this afternoon; that is, if Hobbs, Wells
and Cadwallader play. Hobbs and Wells,
perhaps the strongest guards on the coast
to-day, have been training with the Olym
pics this week and intend to line up with
the eleven this afternoon. Should Cad
wallader play center the clubmen will
have a line that Stanford will not be able
to move an inch. With Erskine and pow
erful Sheehy as tackles the only weak
spots are the two ends, but this line is
sufficiently strong to smash any of Stan
ford's plays.
The teams will line up as follows:
Olympics. Positions. Stanford.
Me N u tt R— End— L Smith
Erskine R— Tackle— l> Wl lsnn
J l obba R— Guard— L. BlancharU
Bandy Center Freeman
or Cadwalla«ler. or Gilman.
Well* L— Guard— R James
Bhoehy L— Tackle— R Rusk
M. I. line L— End— R Parker
Code Quarter Murphy
Wilson Left half Clinton
Morse Right half Fisher
Mc.Ncvin Fullback Burmelater
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R Bennett. Boston I P Favor. N V
Mrs R Bennett. Boston N H Anshalt. Ohio
W L Roberts. England Mrs Anshalt, Ohio
J N Rosenbaum. 8 Jse J A Logwood, St Loula
Mrs Rosenbaum. S Jse L, Abinger. London
C Dunphy, Palo Alto G H Appel. L Ang
W G Lehman. Pa C M Ticknert. Stanford
J T Richards. S Barbr J D Grissim. S Jose
X Ross. Mont W H Kyan. N V
R W Cowlon. Colo F T Dwyer. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Briggs. Sacto G R Webster, Idaho
J L Mooney. Rio Vista J Chellew & w.Grass V
D Saunderson, Seattle E O Kennedy, Ariz
S G Boland. Calistoga B Coward. Sana Clara
F M Rice, San Diego A J O'Connor, S Clara
J Dlxon. Suisun C Finberg. San Jose
C M Hamilton. Jacksn J L Toohey, Ukiah
S Stedman, Chicago C M Morris, Fresno
A E Peterson. Pa J L Davis, Visaila
T A Browning. Fresno F Ross, Pasadena
W L Eugarte & w. Or I
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs M de Candia. CaliT Olmsted, Cinn
V C Gray. Chicago C E Irwln&w, Chicago
J Amett. N V W Jacks. Monterey
R Bennett &w, Boston R W Cawton, Pueblo
E T Manasse, Napa G Doyle &w. Cal
M M Parsons, Fresno T S Bell Ben Lomond
F E Davis. 8 Jose J X Hopkins. Fresno
A L Windle Jr. Term F F Barnaro. Marysvl
Ws} Ross, Petaluma G W Simmons. Sacto
G Peiraro, S Jose N V Thomas. Uklah
T W Hobren. S Jose IH Markham & w, Cal
J W Brackett, S JoseiE L. Benson, L. Ang
W M Lawler. S Rafael E Whitney, Chicago
Dr Bell, U S N F Culbertson. Arizona
H B Edwards, Haywds D Murr' S Jose
W W Foote, Oakland |H S Gibbs & w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J G Maguire, Term ,1 J Buckley, Merced
J Summerfleld. Chgo N S Clark. Mich
H Simpson & w, Chgo W H Sinclair, Mo
J Brown, Chicago Mrs Nichols, Cal
A N Walton, SS Aztec J C Stanton, N V
W Brooks, Chicago B A Steiner, Pa
N H X Lombard, S S D N Davidson, Pa
Queen J C Clark, Pa
G F Howell, Merced D S Blodgett, Pa
A M Miller, NY N D Beckman, Pa
W Gibson. L Ang J N Close, Sacto
G W Herbein, Or B B Babbitt, Sacto
G F Randall & w, Cal I) C Dawson, S Jo«e
T B Andrews, La J D Douglass, S Josa
J B Allen. Ohio B E McDougall. Cal
H J Corcoran, Stktn j J S Curtis, Cal
C A Baldwin. L Ang jD O Buckley, Col
E L Kipp, Sacto 'J C Allen, Bakersfleld
"Well," answered Miss Miami Brown,
"ef yuh means whut pa would take, It's
$25, but Jf yuh means whut he could
git, it's about two bits."—Washington
Star.
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD,
LOCAL MARKETS.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — Was dull at about previous prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 20@r21&; milling,
»1 23»4@1 26V4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
10,000 ctls. $1 21Vi; 2000, $1 2m. May— €ooo ctls,
tl 25; 2000, »1 25V4- December— lß.ooo, $1 21%.
Regular morning session — December — ctls,
fl 21%; 44.000, $1 22; 14,000. $1 21%. May—
$1 25%; 22.000, $1 25V4. ' - ■
Afternoon session — December — 16.000 , ctls,
$1 21%. May— $1 25%; 6000, $1 25%; 16.000,
*1 25%. ■ ..-. -
BARLEY— The ' market was firm at the ad
vance already noted. Futures again rose.
Feed. $1 25@i 27%; brewing. $1 30@l 35 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES. , '
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 28%;
2000, $1 28%; 4000, $1 28%.
Regular morning session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 28%. : , .
Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 29;
4000. $1 2<JVi: 2000, $1 29%.
OATS— Dealers continue to report a good
trade at advanced : prices, and the tendency is
toward still higher quotations. -
Fancy Feed, . $1 27%<gl 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22%@1 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise, $1 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 20; milling, $1 25®
1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 4001 50: Black, $1 60@l 75.
CORN— market Is" quiet and unchanged.
Small rouna yellow. $1 15 ; Eastern lar^e yel
low, $1 02%@l 05; white, $1 05; mixed, $1®
1 024 per ctl; California White. $1 0501 07%.
California. $120@122%; Eastern. $1 17%
per ct!.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at Jl 75
per ctl. ■ - : \ .']
FLOUR ' AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ; $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; - Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal,. $3 25; ■ Oatmeal, •. $4 25;. Oat
Groat*, J4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, U&* 25: ' Cracked I Wheat, ! $3 75; Farina,
(4 50; "Whole "Wheat Flour, $3 50; : Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 Ss<§6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs. V /
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Prices for all descriptions remain undisturbed.
An occasional car of choice Wheat Hay brings
$19, and one car sold at this figure yesterday.
BRAN— slf><&l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $iy@29 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $26 50(^27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 60; job
bing, $324; 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton-
Beed Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, 123 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24(325.
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat. $16@18 50 for
good to choice and $14<g15 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15g)17 60;
Oat, tli>(tln 50; Island Barley, $12 50@13 50; Al
falfa, $10@ll; Stock. $11012; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— SO-?? 75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The only change is an advance In Pink Beans,
which are very firm.
BEANS— F.ayos, $1 90<R'2; Small Whites,
$2 !'>u2 15; Large Whites. $1 60@l 75; Pinks.
$2<g2 10; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 40<g"3 60; But
ters, nominal; Limas, *S 2W3 35; fea, $190®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 2E#3 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 40 per ctl ; Yel
low Mustard, $1 10; Flax, $2@2 10; Canary
Seed, 2V4'g2%c per lt>: Alfalfa. 7@7Vic; Rape.
2W&'2%c; Hemp. 2%<&3c; Timothy, s@sV*c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 40; Green. $1 50
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market continues dull and featureless.
POTATOES— 3O'.?4Oc for Early Rose and 30@
45c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 75c
@$1 15; Oregon. 6T>cssl; Sweet Potatoes, 50@
65c for nearby and $1(&1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS—^o(&4Oc per cti; Pickle Unions, 35®
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2Vfe@3c: String
Beans, iu,f/3c; Lima Beans, 50c(i?$l per sack;
Bay Squash, 25<&40c; Green Poppers, 35@50c;
Cabbage, 4ft'ftsoc; Tomatoes, 35® 60c; Garlic,
3c per lb; Green Okra, 25<8\ ! >0c per box; Dried
Okra, 10c per lb; Egg Plant. 25@50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per n> In lots of 25 ms; sliced,
desiccated. 16<gl8c; granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $4 .W?5 for
Ducks, $1 50 for Geese, $5 ".OgG for Hens, $5®
5 50 for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters,
$4 for Fryers and Broilers.
Local stock is dull at previous prices, except
an advance in dressed Turkeys.
Game Is quiet and unchanged.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, MmZOc: live
Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers and 14<??15c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 25fg 1 50; Goslings. $1 25
(ill 50; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4®6 for
young; Hens, $4 5005 50- Roosters, young. $4 50®
5 50; Rooster?, old, |4#l 60; Fryers, St; Broiler*.
$3 60 for large, $3 for small; Pigeons, $1
per dozen for old and $1 50® 1 75 for Mquabs.
GAME—
Quail, $1 50; Mallard. S4 50<55 50; Canvasback.
»5@7- Sprig, IB#a 50; Teal. $2 50: Wldg.-on. $2
@2 50; Small Duck, $2: English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe $1; Gray Geese. $3: White Geese, $1@
1 25; Brant, $1 oO'ijl 75; Honkers. $4 50; Hare,
$1; Rabbits, jl 25^1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to decline. Dealers ore of
the opinion that the sooner the market breaks
to a selling point the sooner It will recover.
At present there is no demand.
Eggs rule firm and sales over the quotations
are reported. Cheese Is steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21@22c; sec
onds, 18i& 20c.
Drflry — Choice to fancy, 18ig'20c; common
grades, lafalT'^c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lß^Oc; pickled roll.
19<u21e; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16Hc per
lb; Elgin, 22fi22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; ohr, B%<f
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, lOfffllc; Young America,
lOLfcigm^c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 35@40c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 30@34c; Eastern, 15@20c for ordi
nary and 23®20c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Lemons and Limes continue to tend* down
ward.
Fresh Fruits aro dull and quotations are un
changed. There Is no dearth of supplies.
Strawberries, $2@3 per- chest for large and
for small.
Cantaloupes, 25@75c per crate; Nutmegs,
25«iT)0r' per box.
Huckleberries, s@6c per lb.
Quinces. 75c@Sl per box.
Persimmons. 40c in single and 65@75c per box
In double layers.
Pomegranates, 60@75c per small box.
Cranberries, $7 50<g>8 per barrel for Eastern
and J2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25<g>50c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, $20@
25 per ton for Zlnfandel and $16@19 for com
mon kinds.
Raspberries. $4({?5 per chest.
Apples. 35ffi60c for common. 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and tWI 25 for choice.
Pears. 50c(S$l 25 Der box.
CITRUS FRCITS — Oranges. tWS Per
box; Lemons, $I©2 for common and $2 50(fft
3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4<3i
4 50: California Limes. 50c(g|l per small box:
llananas. $1 50@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@5
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
It Is the same old tedious story, day after
day. There is very little demand and prices
do not move, one way or the other.
DRIED FRflT— Prunes. 6\i@7c for 40-50 f s,
s@sV.je for 50-60'g, 3%@4c for 60-70's, 3Vi@3Hc for
70-SO's, 2&@3c for 80-90's, 2@2Vic for 90-100's
and l%c ,for 100-110' a; Silver Prunes, 2Vfe@sc;
Peaches, 6<g>7V4c for good to choice, 7H©'B<f for
fancy and 10S12^ic for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12<j?12 1 4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7%@7V4c; sun dried, 4@
4%c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2^c; Plums, 4V4@
6c for pitted and l@lftc for unpltted: Nec
tarines, < J'®7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and SWStc for halves.
RAISINS— 3%o for two-crown, 4%c for three
crowi-, 314 c for four-crown, s®6Hc for Seedless
Sultanas. 3\c for Seedless Muscatel? and $1 20
for Lnndon Layers; Dried Grapes, 2tfj2'4c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@loc per lb; Walnuts, 6@
7c for hardshell, S!g9c for softshell; Almonds, 5
g6c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, 13@14c for
paper-shell ; Peanuts, 4<?rsVsc for Eastern and
4Mic for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc for bright and B<g>9e
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@s^sc
per lb
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%iS'sc; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, 5Hc and
6%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, %&; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, »6; Coos Bay, *5; Wallsend, |7 50;
Scotch, »8; Cumberland, JlO in bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $8 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
RICE— The market continues firm. China
mixed, U 05«?4 10; China No. 1, $4 70@5 10; ex
tra do, $.' 2535 50; Hawaiian, $5 57&15.6; Japan,
$o 80ig6 40; Louisiana, $5 50<g6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 6%e; Dry Granulated, s>*c; Confec
tioners' A. s^c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia A,
&Vfcc; Extra C, sc; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, November 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.760 Wool, bales 35
Wheat, ctls I,IOC IPelts. bdis 4,499
Barley, ctls 870 Hides, no 461
Cheese, ctls 75Eggs, doz 4.740
Butter, ctls 102 1 Leather, rolls ... 235
Beans, sks 3,37:!: Lumber, ft 20.000
Potatoes, sks ... 5.5501 Wine, gals 83,000
Onions, sks 1.914 1 Sugar, bags 1,535
Bran, sks 1.640 Raisins, bxs 1,260
Middlings, eks .. 150 Brandy, gals .... 2,795
Hay, tons 155 Lime, bbls 81
Straw, tons .....' 40 Chicory, bbls .... 17
Hops, bales 284'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,152 Bran, sks SlO
Wheat, ctls 14.05U Barley, ctls 8,120
Oats, ctls 220
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 219!
MINING STOCKS.
■ - ...•■-
Gould & Curry Is ' assessed 10c
• Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. • -'. .
200 Andes 10 500 Ophir .:...... «<.. 66
100 Best & Belcher. 26 ■ 200 ...... ; ...... .'. . . . . 67
100 Chollar 13 100 Potosl ........... 15
i 600 Con Cal & Va_..l 15 100 Sierra Nevada... ;76
I 100 1 10 400 ..75
j 200 Gould & Curry-. 20 200 Union Con .. 24
200 Hale & Norcrs.l 00 200 ..... 23
10C0 Julia 02 500 Utah 06
300 Mexican 21
Afternoon ' Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 26 200 Gould & Curry.. 19
600 Bullion 06 50 Hale & Norcrs.l 00
300 Chollar 13 200 Ophlr 65
200 :.. 14 100 -....-.. ;... 66
960 Con Cal & Va...l 15 300 Savage 21
100 Crown Point ... 11600 ......... .12
300 .12 100 Sierra Nevada... 77
Following -were the sales in the Pacific Stoctc
Board yesterday: ■ .-.-..
. Morning Session.
300 Andes 101500 . '..... ............ 19 ;
200 09 100 Hale & Norcrs.l 00
600 Best & Belcher. 25 300 Justice -•..:„....... Co
200 ............: 24 250 Mexican 21
300 Chollar 13 100 Ophir 68
■300 ....... ............ 12 200 65
650 Con Cal & Va...l 10 200 ............ ...... 64
200 ..1 12V» 500 ....... 63 1
200 .; 1 15 300 Savage 19
600. . 1 05 500 Union Con 25
200 .:. 107% 300 ...;..„ 24
300 Crown Point ... 10 500 Utah 06
700 Gould & Curry.. .18 • .
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 10 500 Gould & Curry.. 22
200 09 200. 24
200 Best & Belcher. 30 400 Ophir 67
600 Bullion 06 500 .....: ...-..:....... 70
300 Caledonia 27 300 Potosl .....; 13
200..... 2fi 100, Savage 20
700 Con Cal & Va...l ITJ 500 ...... ............ 25
400 115 400....... 26
200 1 22% 200 Sierra Nevada... 77
200.. ...1 20 1 200 Union Con 25
300 Crown Point ... 12 ' '.''•-':": : ':~
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. 1 Nov. 4—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.' i ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 0» Julia. ........... 01 02
Alta — OS Justice ......... 05 06
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 12 14 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... — 07 Mexican 21 22
Itest & Belcher 29 30 Occidental ..... 48 —
Bullion ...06 07 Ophir .......... 69 70
Caledonia — 29 Overman 03 04
Challenge Con. 17 20 Potosi .......... 16 17
Chollar ...:... 14 II Savage 24 ; 25
Confidence 52 55 Scorpion ....... 04 —
Con Cal & Va.l 15 120 Seg Belcher ... 03 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 79 ' 80
Crown Point .. 12 13 Silver Hill .... -V 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate ...... 03 ' —
Eureka Con ... 30 . — Standard .......1 185
Exchequer ..... 01 03 Union Con ..... 24 25
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah . : 06 07
Hale & Norcrs.l 00 105 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
. '- STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
- FRIDAY. Nov. 4—2 d. m.
Morning Session. -, >
50 Giant Powder Con :.....•;.:. ..;... ........ 66 50
50 do do .;.... 56 62%
115 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 53 00
35 do " - do ..;.: ; 53 12%
50 Hutchlnson S P Co. .....'.... 63 50
10' do do 63 75
25 Market-street Railway 64 00 :
25 Oakland Gas .......'.. ...v... 63 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 127 00
i . Street— . • :..'.. ■
100 Hutchinson S P C 0...... ........... 63 50
$2000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 106 00
25 Spring Valley Water.......... ...... ....100 50
Afternoon '. Session.
i 190 Hawaiian Commercial- & Sugar 53 00
50 do do 53 12%
50 Giant Powder Con 56 75
25 do do 56 62%
1 25 do do .....56 87%
50 Han a Plantation C 0......... 17 62%
100 do do .....17 87%
90 do do ' ..;........ 17 75 ,
25 Hutchinson S P C0......r: ..'.„.. 63 50
60 Market-street Railway 54 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90... 84 87%
100 do do s '90....... 84 75
60 do do ..........;...'........... 85 00
■ Street— ■■ ' ■ .-■■ ■•..-
25 Market-street Railway 64 00
2."> S F Gas & Electric Co.. 85 00 :
8 Spring Valley • Water ....100 50
$3000 S F.& N P Ry 80nd5.... 110 37%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Spring Valley Water ......a. 100 50
15 do - do ... .: 100 37%
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 53 25
25 :-'.-, do ' do -- ......:.."....;........... 63 12%
40 do :, do :......"....:. 53 00
20 Hutchinson S P C 0... 63 50
;10 do do 63 62%
16 do do : ...63 75
15 . -.. do do .....64 00
Afternoon Session. :
. 60 Giant Powder Con ...:.... ..-..'.. .......; 5675 :
15 -.•■■-.do '•.•■- do - '.......■..................- 56 62%'
15 Hutchinson S P C 0......... ;. ~ CO 87%
?5-^., do V^ 0 ••.".:..;;.....;...-.. ;;.64 oo^
- 15 Oakland Gas : .;.;.U..^V.^^v;.;;^^;; 53 00 i i.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benetlt of
mariners, without "-»gard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. 3. N.. in charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Hefghto of High and L«w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hirh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5.
Sun rises 6:41
Sun sets 5:06
Moon rises 11:00 p. m.
s:'
6::
6:^
4.
4
4.
10:11
11:31
12:36
H W
7:1»
7:45
1:11
8:43
3.2 4:29
2.9 5:57
L W
4.8 1:27
4.9 2:11
5.1 2:45
5.4 3:28
10:;
11:
0.9
1.2
l
3.S
3.8
3.9
3.9
1:
2:
i ;
:\
1.
1
0.
I 9 ;;
; 10:
1;
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrojrraphlc Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember, 4. 1898.
The time ball did not drop November 4 on ac
count of signals being irregular.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Mackinaw ITicoraa [Nov. 5
Eli Thompson.. 'Seattle iNov. 6
Corona San Diego Nov. 6
Mineola Tacoma . Nov. 6
Chilkat Humboldt Nov. 6
Wellington |Departure Bay Nov. 6
Homer Newport INov. 7
Htate California Portland Nov. 7
Progreso Seattle Nov. 7
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Nov. 8
Belglc China & Japan Nov. 8
Colon IPanama -.Nov. 8
Arcata jCoos Bay Nov. 8
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 8
Curacao Mexico Nov. 9
Cleveland Tacoma |Nov. 9
Australia [Honolulu |Nov. 9
Santa Rosa !San Diego iNov. 9
Geo. W. Elder.. [Portland INov. 10
Siam INanaimo |Nov. 10
Coos Bay (Newport INov. 11
Del Nnrte ICrescent City Nov. 12
Columbia jPortland |Xov. 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination. Bans. rier.
Newport Nov. 5. 9am Pier 11
Humboldt .... Nov. 5, 2 pmJPler 9
Puget Sound.. Nov. 6, 9 ami Pier 2
Portland (Nov. 6, 10 am! Pier 24
Vie & Pfft Sd. Nov. 7. 10 ami Pier 9
San Diego !Nov. 7, 11 a*i Pier 11
i Humboldt Nov. 7, 2 pm Pier 13
iPanama Nov. 8, 12 miPIISS
'Portland Nov. 9, 10 am Pier 24
(Newport Nov. 9, 9 ami Pier 11
IChina&JapanlNov. 10, 1 pmiFMSS
ICooa Bay (Nov. 10, 10 amjPier 13
Pan Diego (Nov. 11. 11 amlPler 11
■'Portland |N0v.12, 10 am (Pier 24
jVic & Pst Sd.'Nov. 12, 10 ami Pier 9
|Puget Sound..'Xov. 12 I
Destination.
Coos Bay...
Pomona ....
C. Nelson...
Columbia ..
Queen
Corona
Chilkat ....
Acapulco ..
State of Cal
Orizaba
City of Rio.
Arcata
Santa Rosa
G W. Elder
Walla Wall
Cleveland .
San
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. November 4.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 85 hours from Newport
Strnj- Greenwood, Fagerlund. 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Columbia, Green, S2 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45% hours.
Whaling bark California, Montgomery. 24
days from Boring Island.
Whaling stmr Cumlsky, 13 days from Un-
Whaiing stmr Karluk. McGregor, 13 days
from Unalaska.
Bary Lev! G Burgess, Younggren. 9 Gays from
Tacoma.
Yacht La Paloma, Goodfellow, 2 days from
Monterey.
Schr Nettie Sundberg, Johnson, 4% daya from
Byxbee Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. November 4.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co
Br ship Pericles, Philips, London; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanaimo;
Pacific Imp Co.
SAILED.
Friday. November 4.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland; Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ruth. Strand.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing; Fort Bragg.
Stmr Huenrme, Jo'nnson; Trinidad.
Nor stmr Titania, Egnes: Nanaimo.
Stmr Marlposa, Hayward; Sydney and Hono
lulu.
Br ship Falls of Afton. Title; Portland.
Bark Aurelia, .Mercer; Willapa Harbor.
Schr La Chllena, Matsen; Fort Ross.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber. Eureka.
Schr James A Garfield, Lewis; Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 4, 10 p m— Weather
haiy; wind SW; velocity 6 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per stmr Karluk — The whaling bark Alaska
was spoken off St Michael on Oct 21 with one
whale; whaling stmr Balaena and Thrasher
were to sail from Ur.alaska on Oct 26; the ship
Wachusett was in nort.
SPOKEN.
Per whaling bark California— Nov 1. lat 38:43
N. long ]2S W— Schr Ida Schnauer, hence Oct
29, for Grays Harbor. Nov 3, 250 miles NW of
San Francisco— Bark Mermaid, from Kotzubue
Sound, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Sailed Nov 3— Schr Lila and Mattie,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 4— Schr Annie Larsen.
from San Pedro.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Nov 4— Schr Excel
sior, for Port Blakeley.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 4— Stmr South Coatt.
EUUEKA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Chilkat, hnc
Nov 2- schr Ottillie Fjord, hence Oct 28.
Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Alliance, for Oregon; schr
Mabel Gray, for Newport south; schr Lottie
Carson, for Dleso.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 4— Br stmr Doseidon,
from Newcastle, Australia; Br ship Cape Clear,
hence Oct 23: stmr Signal, from Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 4— Schr Chas
R Wilson, hence Oct 23; schr W F Jewett, hnc
Oct 23; schr Azalea, from Newport.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 4— Schr
Norma, hence Oct 25; bark James Nesmith.
from Port Townsend.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Coquillo
River, for San Francisco; stmr Westport, for
San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Aloha for San
Francisco. •
BOW ENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 4— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Nov 2; schr Newark, hence
Nov 3.
Palled Nov 4— Schrs Monterey and Mary Etta
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 3— Br ship Cres
sington, from Tacoma.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Nov 3— Br stmr Aor
angi, from Sydney, via Honolulu.
SiDNEY—A rrived prior Nov 4— Bktn Man'
Wink'Jlman. from Eureka; Br ship Brenda,
from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 4— Br ship Port
Losan, for Cardiff; Br ship Socotra. for Llmer
iok. —
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California -
Limited
Santa Te Rom te
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M: every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following .Thursday, Saturday.
a?Vd : Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car. and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. ::
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETIFFICE— 111 MARKET ST,
- TELEPHONE ', MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .
; Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa : Clara St
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. " (Via saußaiitu .ferry.) ': ;'
Leave - San ■ Francisco, commencing . Sunday, .
Sept. 11. 1838: -■':.-■-'■'■'■■ ■"■ . ' • ■
Week Days— 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. ■■' \
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. - j j
• • THOS. COOK ,* St ■:■ SON. . Afenta, • «21 Mark**
street, Baa Francisco, ■ j
AUCTION SALES,
FURNITURE OF 21 ROOMS.
' THIS DAY- (SATURDAY), at 11 a. m.
350 FIFTH STREET. NEAR FOLSOM.
'-■ FRANK W.BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
BAILBQAD TBAVBL.
. MOi'TiiKitx r*tiKiC coJiPAjrr.
• . (PACiriC SYMTKM.t -
TrnilK |,i» ¥ «. am | „,-,. <Im« in l»rrl»« ml
• •••■; rit*SilS««. \ .
* (Main Line," Foot of M a rket Street. )
. leave — FaOM Nov. 3, 1858. .•;.. — ■ ABRITB
•0:OOa Nil«, San Jose and Way Stations... •*;***
7sOO a Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... »••**»
?:«»A MarysTille, OroTilloand lledding Tia ' ~ _
Woodland :.....................• *1,
7:00 a Klmira, Vaca»ille and Rnmsey...:.. »t*»e
7»a»A Martinex, San lUinon.Vallejo. Napa, _._;
OalUtoga and Sauta Rosa ... . . . . •*■*'
S:O«»a Atlantic KxpreM, Og.lmi and Knit.. *****
■ a,3u« San .lose,' .Stockton. Valley Spring,
'-■••• lone, -Sacramento, ■■ Marya»ilw, .
■ —Chico, Tehama and K<"l 1Uu1T.... *'*** .
»:»Oa Stockton. Oskdale and Jamestown. . '*»■*
•*:8Oa Mi1t0n........ •• -;'"i " l * p
9:»*ia Martinez. Tracy, Latbrop, Merced
and S-resno.. - •••••• »*••*'
■:OOa Kremio, Hakerelield. Santa lUrbara,
1.08 ADgeles, Doming. El Paso, .
New Orleans and Knst •• • • Gi43r
, ;....... Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
yj, e2 , OMSP
Vallejo/MarHnei'and Way Stations ■?»<»'
•l:«Or Sacramento ICirer SteHiners , . ijf
lxOOp Nileii. San Jose and Way Stations... 1 }■***
.:...„ San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... J»:1»A
ajOOF Nilee, Tracy, Mendota, Hanf nrd and
Visalia ••••• 4:13*
U»ennore, S«d Jose, Nile* and Way
; BtoUons •••.•• t IOIl * A
IjOOp Martinez. Han lUinon. Valiejo
N»l>a. ('»li»tog», Xl Verano and
S»ntn Itoea.. ;• •»>■*
4ioop Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTiHe, Oro-
Tille and .Sacramento... "Z^*
4i3OrHaywards, Niles and San Jose 7i4»a
3:oopMartine«, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Sauta Barbara and !<os »*_,._
' AiiKel«s.. 8i«8a
SiOOp Santii To Itnute, Atlantic Kxpress -
for Mojme and 1'U5t.. ............ 6i4Br
llsjoop "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, Bt.
Louis. Chicago and East §«:«»r
. 3:30r Nilea. Baa Jokr. . Tracy. I.athrop,
Merced and Fresno •■••••-••
5s3«P Stockton *515 f
6iO«i- Knri.pei.il Mail. (>g<leu aua Kast.... »**•*
r V»liej» • > ■» •
J7:OOp Vane Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions.'.... t0:4.-»p
SiOOr Oreffou |i'.x|ir«<ss,flacr»meuto, Marys*
V «» »llle, "- Ki-ldiiiK, Portland, Tiiget
Hitiiml ami Kast »iI»A
' SAN UXMiHII AMI lIAVWAUOS LOCAL. »
:-.' -_ . (foot of Market Street.)
• 1 MelrAMe, Nitnilnary l'«rk, f
8:0Oa I Kllrlilnirir. KlmlmMt, a I,
»0:OOa San l^nn.lro, Soiilli S«n 'iSlis*
•181-.SS* •■■.-■ t««ilro, r>|n ( lillo, {%?&
tiii-oOM ' Ijoreiwo, Cherry ■ ti:43p
il'zuo'r - „ * Mll , ' 1««I*p .
3iO»p . Hsywanln. '*'* Sr
7:»Op » Runs through to Nilee 7: 15p
) t From Niles. ' I
" •-.. t'OAST.-l»lVlsl»M. (Narrow (iaiiKp).
■\- r- (Foot of Market Street.) .
IS a Newark, San Jose. Felton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way '
5tati0n5....:. .:.....:........:.... »«3«»
•2: 13p Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Itoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ■
Stations "• MOj.IO*
4:13p Newark, San Jose aud Los Oatos... 0:20 a.
tlli43p Hunters' Kiciirsion, San Jose and ■
Way SUtions... ■ ". t7i*oP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroo SIS FRXSCISCO— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0(1 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t3:09
•i:00 t5:00 ♦6:00 p.»».
From OilUilD— Foot or Brudw»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
U2:00 "1:00 . t9:00 '3:00 ... ti:00 *5;00p.»«.
COAST DIVISION ( Broad Mange).
(Third mid Tow nsend Sta.)
7tO« A Han .lose mid. Wity SUtlmm (New
Almaden Wedne«dayß only) Ji8»l
BiOOa San .lone, Tres Tines, HhiiU Cruz,
• . - Vacilic liroTe. Paso Uobles, Sail
Luis »)l»i»iio. Guadalupe, Surf and
l'rincipal Way Stations ........... 4tlOt
I«:IOa San .lose ami Way SUtions »S:OO*
I1«3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations 8:334
•it: 15 1- San Mated, Redwood, M«ulo Park.
. i.- r Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose.
Gilroy, HoUister. Santa Cruz,
' Salinas, Monterey and I'aclßc
(Jrore •|«:38 |
•S:a«p San Jose and Way Stations *9:0»4
San .Tone and Principal Way Stations 9:43*
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33*
3:30r Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30 i
*O:»Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:3»H
<11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7iBO|
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• ftiindays excepted. { Sundays only, ♦ Saturday* only
*[ Mondays and Thnrsdays. §3aturdartand Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
- L.ESSSB
4AJI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
ttfetur«n F*m. Fo*t «t Market 3%,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:30.
»:30. 5.10. 6:34 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:10, 1:10,
8:00, 6:20 p. m. • . -
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:45,
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40.. 11:10 a. m.; 1:«. S:*A.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. . , - -
Between " San - Francisco and Schuetsea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ; ' Arrive
Can Francisco. In Effect ' San Francisco.
— October IS, ' ■
Week Sun- .1898. ' Sun- Weelc
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S am
1:30 9:30 am .Petaluma.' C:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm : Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pa
- Fulton, r
740 am Windsor, 10.14 am
Healdsburar,
;?■• '■", ■■;•- Lytton.
■-''"-.'' ■ . . Geyservllle, '
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm I:l3 pm
- ■ Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
1:80 am . 10:25 am
8:00 am Querneviile. 7:35 pm *
8:30 pm ' 6:11 pm
7:Boam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
S:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm l:ttpm
• 7:Bo ami 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an
B:3opm s:oopm 7:35 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
Bervllte for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. - Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
• Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
i Springs, . Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
■ John - Day's, ■ Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'a,
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle. Orr's
I Hot " , Springs, ■ Mendocino City, ' Fort Bragg,
Westport, usal. Wlllitts,. Laytonvllle. Cum.
mine's. Bell's Springs. ; Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. j ,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at*
i reduced rates. • • V
; On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
: beyond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosalito Ferry. •
FROM SAN *ivAiNCISL.O 1O MILL. VALLKT
; AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAY5— •7:20,»9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:45.
8:45, 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '-',
SUNDAYS—^OO, •10:00. »U:3O a. m.; 1:15,
8:00. . »4:30, 6:15 p.. m. , .
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN • FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:26. •6:35, 7:45, •9:39 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ' "' i * lw a*BaMa
SUNDAYS— «:2O.»B:OO. »10:00. 'll:* a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40. *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. . 9:40 a. m.-
12-35, 2:45, 3:50, 6:20 p. m. -. ■■: •■■ ' I■■ .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20. I:2*
»:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20 a. m.week : days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills - and • way
■ stations. ■■ ■. .-■ ■ < - .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI3
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, UK. trains, will run a 3 follows:
I South-bound. ~~~ " North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed. Passes.
cF e J un , day Sunday ger.
Pally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton B:4s pm 7:oo pra:
11:10 am 12:o0pm - Merced 12:50 pm s:l3pns
«:<opm 4:ir,pm Fresno »:3Uam 3:45
l:3Spm. 6:45pm , Hanford - 7:4s ami 2:4opm
4 :20 pm 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2:3oam 12:10 p:u
l:r.Spml 7:sopm Visalia - 6:40 am [ 2:20 pia
Stopping at intermediate points as reauired. /
Connections— Stockton I with steamboat* |of
California Navigation ' and improvement Com-
pany, leaving Saa Francisco at 6 p. m. \ daily.
excepting Sunday, : and Stockton at : 7:15 p. aa.
daily. ' ' .-■• ""■"■-■ ;■"-. :■- ' "■»■- "• "j l'^SE^e^Eß9o9{|yn>^9KCQH
For stage connections see official time tabla
Or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 221 Mar-
, ktt street, San Francisco.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REPUBLICANS
PREPARE FOR
FINAL SHOTS
Perkins and Metcalf
in Oakland.
PROSPECTS VERY BRIGHT
NO HOPE FOB, DEMOCRATIC SU
PERVISORS
Feidler Goes Campaigning in the
Wrong County — Slanders on
Talcott Are Harm
less.
. .Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 4.
To-morrow evening the ReoubUcani will
•hold a grand rally at the Macdonough
Theater. Senator George C. Perkins and
Victor H. Metcalf will address the voters.
There will be a grand street parade, and
after the meeting a banquet will be given
by the Republican Alliance.
Next Monday evening the Army and
Navy Republican League Will hold a big
demonstration in the Tabernacle. This
will be preceded by a parade.
Less is being heard each day of the In
dependent and unattached candidates,
and hourly the Republican party is be
coming more solid. "WitWn the past few
days it has been made very evident that
the opposition to Supervisor Talcott has
been effectively killed, and Supervisor
Church is now certain to .succeed himself.
There is no hope for the Democratic
manipulators to have a subservient Board
of Supervisors during the next two years.
This has been the most bitter fight during
the campaign, but as the election ap
proaches the opposition to the Republi
can ticket Is dying out.
Arthur Feidler, the Republican nominee
for Treasurer, wasted a day ana a half of
political work last week. He was busy
electioneering in what he supposed was
the northern district of this county. On
the second day he discovered tnat he had
spent a great deal of time and a little of
something else in working on voters In
Contra Costa County. Feidler says that
he loses nothing but his time by this, be
cause the cost cannot come within the
meaning of the purity of election laws.
THE GRAND JURY QUESTIONED.
One Member Died Before It Was Dis-
charged.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Did the validity of
the last GTund Jury expire with the death
of F. K. Shattuck? On this point hangs
the legality of the Indictment against
Constable Yon Kapff of Al&meda. The
rase was called before Judge Ellsworth
this morning, and instead of pleading the
Sefendant liled a petition to sot aside the
Grand Jury's indictment and also a de
murrer.
In the petition the fact is recited that
:he Grand Jury was Illegal because of the
Jeath of one of its members, and because
j. A. Chasa was out of town at the time
ihe presentation was made. These objec
tions are apparently sustained by the sec
tion of the cod.- bearing on the status of
a irrand Jury, but the Supreme Court in
November. I'^TP. in the ca?" of People vs.
POSTUM CEREAL.
A CONFESSION.
Bays She Can Now Talk With a
Clear Conscience.
"While attending the State convention
d( the W. C. T. U. at Manville, Wyo.,
[ was entertained by Mr 3. Nina Higby.
MISS NINA D. PETTIGREW,
Bpearfish, - - South Dakota,
I am a temperance lecturer, and at
breakfast Mrs. Higby handed me a
lovely cup of coffee with the remark:
"Did you ever realize that it is not at
all consistent for temperance people to
continually advise others to avoid poi-
sonous stimulants and yet day by day
drink such articles themselves? This
" Is particularly true of coffee, which Is
Dne of the most powerful narcotics in
existence, although its effects are not
shown as actively as whisky."
I was rather surprised at her remark,
but after thinking it over a moment I
realized that it was apropos. I had no-
ticed many a case of nervous prostra-
tion -that was directly traceable to cof-
fee, for the individuals at once began
to Improve when they left off coffee,
and I had found it no in my own expe-
rience.
I had made several attempts to break
away from the habit and had failed,
much to my disgust, and, oftentimes,
when addressing an audience on the
evils of liquor drinking, 1 had in my
own heart felt that 1 was very much
like an old toper, the only difference
being that I wanted coffee and he
wanted liquor.
Mrs. Higby went on to say: "We
have abandoned coffee entirely in our
family, and are using the Postum Cer-
eal Food iade d(.-\vn at Battle
Creek, Mich., and I think when y<»u
drink ihis cup you will agree with me
that it is in many respecis a mure de-
licious beverage than ordinary coffee,
for it ha.s a smoother, more fascinating
Laste, much like the very highest grades
of mild Java."
I drank the cup slowly and realized
that her remarks were true, and I want
to say to you that 1 gained tUf more
valuable knowledge at that conv<
In Wyoming than that which i Learn* d
at the breakfast table where I had my
first cup of Postum. 1 bave sin
it regularly, very greatly to my physi-
cal and menial advantage, and have
found no difficulty whatever in doing
away with coffee. No one can tell
how glad I am to be free from its bane-
ful effects. I can now make a tem-
perance address with a clear con-
Bcience, and, perhaps, I might add, a
clearer complexion than formerly.
Nina D. Pettigrew, Spearfish, B, D.
Hunter. In 54th Cal., says: "An indict
ment found and presented by twelve
grand Jurors is valid, although the grand
jury, owing to the absence or death of
one or more of its members may consist
of leas than nineteen at the time of find
ing the indictment."
Judge Ellsworth will hear the petition
to-morrow morning.
He Was Shocked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Manuel Alvia is
one of those lucky men who can be
shocked with electricity without sustain
ing any serious injury. This morning he
Inadvertently completed the circuit at the
estuary drawbridge, and for a short time
was unable to disconnect himself from
the current that runs the electric rail
road. The track of course is disconnected
at the draw, and Alvis on passing over
this break stepped on one of the rails
across the divide and inadvertently com
pleted the circuit. He was considerably
shocked by the current and trembled with
lear and pain till an electric car passed
by and when it absorbed the current in
Its passage Alvis was able to disconnect
himself from the track.
. Catastrophe Averted.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— serious accident
at the curve leading from Webster street
across the track or the Southern Pacific
on First street was narrowly averted last
night. Through the failure of a signal to
work or the' misunderstanding of It by the
train hands, the broad gauge train on
First street, bound for AJameda, only
missed by a few feet crashing Into the
narrow gauge train, which was rounding
the curve on. its way to the mole. The
self-possession of the engineer on the nar
row gauge train alone prevented the ca
lamity. After receiving the signal to go
ahead he saw the approaching broad
gauge train and at once reduced his
speed, bringing up just a little distance
from where the other train was crossing
right ahead of him.
i m- « .. — — — ; .
St. Mary's College Whitewashed.
BERKELEY. Nov. 4.— The football team
of St. Mary's College, Oakland, lined up
against the college team of the University
of California this afternoon. The match
was played upon the college campus be
fore a fair number of spectators. From
the kick-off it was clear that the Oakland
men stood very little chance against the
WHALING BETTER THAN KLONDIigNG.
The steam whalers Narwhal, Grampus and Karluk got in from the Arctic yesterday. All three vessels
did wonderfully well. In connection with what other vessels of the fleet have sent down their catch is worth
fully a million dollars, while other whalers yet to be heard from will bring in half a million more.
superior weight and training of their op
ponents. The feature of the game was a
field goal kicked from the forty-five-yard
line by Kaarsberg, Berkeley's fullback.
The Berkeley men scored eight toucn
downs, six goals and one field, goal mak
ing a total of 51—0.
Wife Beater Breaks Jail.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— John Gorman, a
trusty at the City Prison, who had served
one month of his term of six months for
wife beating, escaped this morning, and is
now at large. He was sweeping out the
police station, and, seeing an opportunity,
dropped his broom and leisurely took
French leave.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 4.— Bruno Steinmetz.
an employe of the Fire Department, was
seriously injured to-day. He was fasten
ing a rope about the head of one of the
department horses, when the animal
plunged forward and struck Steinmetz in
the abdomen with his hoof. Steinmetz
was seriously bu: not dangerously in
jured.
California Council, Y. M. 1., tendered a
reception last evening to its lady friends.
The Ackennan Case Submitted.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— The interesting
case of William C. Ackerman against his
I sifter. Mrs. Frankie Merle, that has oc-
I eupiea the greater part of the past three
I days in Superior Judge Hall's court, was
closed this afternoon and has been sub
mitted on briefs.
Denounced as False.
The report being circulated that I am
in the contest for Coroner of Alameda
County in the interest of Mr. McManus,
I denounce as absolutely falße. I have
made an honorable and clean canvass j
and am still loyal to my friends, from }
whom I have solicited support. James i
Taylor, 464 Twelfth street, Oakland. •
THE SOCIAL
SEASON OPENS
Debutantes at the Fort
nightly German — The
Greenway Dinner
Party.
The Friday Fortnightlys held their first
; dance last evening and formally opened
the season of '98-99. The same delightful
informality that has been a feature ot
the former meetings of this club prevailed
last evening, making this dance in every
way a most charming affair. Like all the
former dances of the Fortnightlys, Lunt's
Hall on Polk street was the scene of ac
tion and an artistic array of potted palms
and ferns lent to the hall a festive ap-
pt-arance.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury and Mrs. Gordon
lil.-tnding, patronesses of the dancing
class, received the guests, assisted by
Mrs. Charles Page and Mrs. Kip. Seven
ty-live couples took part in the german,
and there was a large number of chap
erons in the visitors' seats. In fact, so
mnnt-rous have the demands for visitors'
tickets become that the management has
been obliged to considerably restrict the
number issued.
The cotillon, an extremely pretty one,
introducing several pretty and new fig
was led by E. H. Sheldon, assisted
ny Miss Olive Holbrook. one of this sea
son's debutante?. In the first set were
Miss Susie Blanding. Miss Elmore, Miss
Spreckels. Miss Lillie Sprc-ckels,
Silaa Mary Kip. Miss Romie Wai late,
Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss Kate Sal
isbury. Mies Muriel Atherton and Iflss
Edward M". Greenway celebrated his
birth<lav last evening by giving a dinner
in the Ked Room at the Bohemian Club.
Cavers were laid for thirty and a most
elaborate menu was discussed.
A remarkable feature of the entertain
ment was the lateness of the dinner hour,
half-past eight. A general adoption of
the late dinner— and when Mr. Greenway
leads ail follow— necessarily means a lit
tle social revolution. Dinners followed by
dances will be almost impossible affairs,
•uid as far as the theater party after din
ners, tha* will be entirely out of the ques
tion. .
Excellent music and gorgeous decora
tions lent their aid to the many charming
features of the entertainment.
Widber to Be Sentenced.
Augustus C, Widber will be sentenced
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1893.
to-day for his crime of embezzling the
city's funds. His counsel, Edgar Plexotto.
concluded his argument on the motion lor
a new trial yesterday, and Judge Cook
promptly denied the motion..
OARSMEN OUT FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS
ANNUAL REGATTA TO-MORROW
AT LONG BRIDGE.
Programme of • Eleven Races Prom
ises a Long and Interesting Day
of Aquatic Sport.
The reeatta committee of the Pacific
Athletic Association has been hard at
work during the week preparing for the
great rowing event of the year— the cham
pionship regatta at Long Bridge to-mor
row. The arrangements are nearly com
plete, the order of races being as follows:
Intermediate four-oared bars* race— Entries:
Ariels, Pioneers and Dolphins. Ariel crew—
H. Wilson, bow; J. McKenna, No. 2;* G. Stef
fena, No. 3; J. Wilson, stroke. Pioneer crew—
W. St. John, bow; F. Orr, No. 2; G. Callopy,
No. 8; C. L. Ochs, stroke • Ed Hause, cock
swain. Dolphin crew— V. Gaglieri, bow; F
Bch waiting. No. 2; W, O. Patch, No. 2; A. W.
Pape, stroke; Ed Bartman, cockswain; sub
stitute, N. Bush.
Senior outrlgrged skiff race— First heat— Dr C.
C. Dennis ot the South Ends. F. Wilson of th«
Ariels and F. Ayers of the Alamedaa
Junior four-oared barge race— Ariels, Pioneers
and Alaniedas. MrM crew— E. McDonough
bow; A. Haughton. No. 2; F. Loth, No. 3- E*
Lynch, stroke. Pioneer crew— H. Wilder bow
F. O'Neill, No. 2; O. Lawson, No. 3; W Law
son, stroke; Ed Hause, cockswain. Aiameda
oreiv— C. Ayers, bow; G. Lewis No 2- D
Greenleaf, No. 3; E. Hunter, stroke
Junior outraged skiff— First heat— J Lyons
of the South Ends, F. La Chappelle of the
Ariels. F. Orr of the Pioneers and J. Fickert of
the Ariels.
Senior outrlgged skiff— Second heat— C L
Ochs of the Pioneers, C. Ayers of the Ala
medas and G. Phelan of the Artels.
Junior outrigged shell race— John Klander of
the Pioneers and R. J. Espey Jr. of the Pio
neers.
Senior four-oared barge race— AJamedaa, Plo-
neern and South Ends. Alameda crew— E. Had
cock, bow; W. Q, Han««n. No. J; At well Webb,
No. 2; F. W. Ayer«, stroke; E. V. Hansen,
cockswain. Pioneer crew— H. Wilder, bow, F.
O'Neill, No. 2: G. Lawaon, No. 3; W. Lawson.
stroke; Ed Hause, cockßwaln. South End
crew— James I'allas, bow; Ed Scully, No. 2:
Gub Carson, No. 3; M. Breen, stroke; George
McGrill, cockswain.
Senior Bhell race— F. Dupllasea of the South
Ends, H. A. Wittkopf of the Arlels and A. W.
Pape of the Dolphins. •
Junior outrlgged Bklff rac*— Second heat— V.
Caplieri of the Dolphins, C. Artlgu^s of the
Tritons, Atwell Webb of th« Alamedas and W.
G. Hansen of the Alamedas.
Senior outrigrged skiff race, final heat.
Junior outrigged skiff race, flnal heat.
The first race will be called at 11 a. m.;
races will succeed at intervals of half an
hour.
The colors of the six clubs which have
entries in the regatta are as follows:
Arlr-l Rowing Club, royal blue and white;
Alame<la Boat Club, red, white and blue; Dol
phin Boating Club, navy blue and white; Pio
neer Rowing Club, magenta; South End Row
ing Club, red and white; Triton Boating Club,
blue and white.
The following constitute the regatta
committee:
W. C. E9pey of the Pioneer Rowing Club,
president; J. R. Bookman of the Ariel Rowing
Club, secretary; M. J. Breen of the South End
Rowing Club, S. J. Pembroke of the Alameda
Rowing Club, A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club, J. W. Morton of
the Olympic Boat Club and August Schimpf of
the Triton Swimming and Boating Club.
The following are the officers of the re
gatta:
Referee, J. W. Morton of the Olympics;
starter, Al J. Fritz of the South Ends; marshal
of course, John Nolan of the Ariels; assistant
marshal of course, Thomas Sands of the Pio
neers. The timers are J. R. Keenan of the
Dolphins, J. T. Sullivan of the Pluneers W.
B. Hinchman of the Alamedas. J. R. McElroy
of the Olympics, T. Barry of the South Ends,
C. Hess of the Tritons and H. A. Pless of the
Arlels. The Judges are A. Taylor and D. J.
Sheehan of the Ariels, J. E. Brennan and J.
Conly of the Pioneers, George Miller and A.
Cone of the Alamedas, J. L. Herget and T. F.
Bonnet of the South Ends, D. H. Everett and
B. H. Coffin of the Tritons, J. Laib and A.
Kchuppert of the Dolphins. James P. Phelan
Is president of the day, Henry S. Martin
honorary referee and E. I. Woodman honorary
marshal.
THE PRIEST AflD
JHE POLITICIAN
By JILICE RIX
Irv Next Sunday's Gail.
RUPERT MANUEL'S WILL.
Bequeaths His Entire Estate to Mrs.
Bertha Head.
The will of Rupert Manuel, who died
on the 29th ult. In the County Jail while
awaiting trial on a charge of forgery, was
filed for probate yesterday. An estate—
the exact value of which Is unknown, but
It will not exceed $10 000— is bequeathed
Mrs. Bertha Head, wife of School Director
Edwin U Head.
The will, which Is olographlc and in
wording unique, follows:
• In the name of the Great Architect of the Uni
verse: I, Rupert Manual, of the city and county
of San Francisco. • State of California, of sound
and disposing mind, not under any duress, but
free as air, do publish this my last will, re
voking all j former .wills by me made, , viz.: - I
earnestly wish that jmy body should Ibe . cre
mated after my dissolution, giving no chance
for medical" faculties' to dissect my remains
for the. advancement of science or otherwise."- -^
1 rive freely ; and bequeath ■ all -my personal
property, money in bank and real- estate, , to
Mrs. Bertha Head, wife of Edwin L.. Head, a
School. Director,, in' whose house. No. 1206 Ma
sonic avenue, in the city and county aforesaid,^
I ; now have a. home,' and I appoint -the ■ afore
said Edwin L. Head, my executor of this will
and no bond or bonds siiall be required of him.
This will Is olographlc, being all in my own
handwriting - written." • Hated ; San Francisco,
•September 19. 189 S. .;■... w :,..,,
The Garbage Ordinance.
Guiseppe FiKoni and W. D. Leavenson,
who were arrested for dumping garbage
in San Mateo County in violation of the
ordinance providing* for the burning of all
garbage in the garbage crematory, were
released yesterday by Judge Cook on bail
pending the hearing of writs of habeas
corpus in their behalf Monday next. The
arrest of Flgoni and Leavenson was
caused for the purpose of establishing
the legality of the ordinance.
BROUGHT DOWN
A MILLION IN
WHALEBONE
Whalers Arrive From
the Arctic.
ALL MADE GOOD CATCHES
CREW OF THE GRAMPUS WAS
• AWAY THREE YEARS.
A Number of Casualties — One Man
Was Lost in a Fog and Starved
to Death — Another One
Jumped Overboard.
"Whaling is better than Klondiking,"
said an old tar as he watched the steam
whalers Grampus and Karluk pass
Meiggs wharf yesterday. Earlier in the
day the Narwhal had also got in and in
consequence whalers ashore for a run
were plentiful.
Since August last there has either ar
rived from the whaling fleet on other
steamers or come in on the whalers them
selves 115,426 pounds of bone, 3715 barrels
of oil and 9510 pounds of ivory. The Nar
whal brought in yesterday 42,600 pounds of
bone and 548 barrels of oil, the Kariuk
50000 pounds of bone and four bearskins
and the Grampus 40.000 pounds of bone.
This will make a total of 303;026 pounds of
bone, which, at the present low figure of
$3 50 a pound, equals $710,591.
At the present time whale oil is worth
about 16 a barrel, so that the catch of
that article Is worth in the open market
$25,818. The catch however, has been a
very poor one, as few of the whalers took
the trouble to save the oil once they had
secured the whalebone. In consequence
the price of oil is sure to advance as soon
as the last of the fleet has been heard
from. In round figures the value of tho
catch, which has arrived up to date, is
not far short of a million dollars.
There are still to be heard from the Be
luga with 31 whales. Mary D. Hume 10,
Jeanette 2, Balaena 24, William Baylies t>
and Alaska one whale. As each whale will
average at least $6000 these vessels will
bring in another half-million, which tends
to show that there is some truth in the
old salt's statement that "whaling Is bet
ter than Klondiking."
The Narwhal sailed from San Francisco
on March 9, 1897, and wintered in Lang
ton Bay, 300 miles to the eastward of tho
Mackenzie River. Just before sailing'
John Leary, a boatsteerer, was brought
aboard drunk. Instead of getting better
he developed delirium tremens, and when
the Narwhal was six days from port he
jumped overboard at night and was
drowned. During the summer in the Arc
tic a Kanaka sailor got lost in the fog
and a month later his shipmates found his
remains. He had starved to death. Two
other members of the Narwhal's crew
died from natural causes, so that vessel
had quite a casualty list.
The Karluk only left here on March 15,
1898, so her crew have only been on a
short cruise. Captain McGregor reports
that the Balaena and Thrasher were to
sail from Unalaska for San Francisco on
October 26. The crew of the Karluk took
seven whales, but the whalebone from the
majority of them was sent down last Au
gust.
The Grampus is the vessel that has had
a long siege of it in the Arctic. She left
here on March 21, 1595, and nearly all the
men who went north on her came back
with Captain Cumisky. •
On March 9, 1596, Charles Morton went
out hunting for deer. He got lost In a fog
and died of starvation. On January 26.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR . SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which ; have ; been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses; or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his ' new
and original system of treatment.
i RtJPTIJItE cured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VABICOCELE, hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness t of . the
glands treated with unfailing success. :
Conlasiou*) blood poison in any
of its ! stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I^ntlles will' receive
special attention or their ; many ail-
ments. WRITE if * you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. Vr He will ;
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health." free of charge. Address
p.- L.. - SWEANY, M. D., ■ 737 ■ Market
street. San ■ Francisco. Cal.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S
J§L Museum of Anatomy
fgSrcl 155IlOaZMST.let.6tJi*7th,8.P.C»l.
■ • * 9 The L»rg«t of kind In * l World. ,
fiilii% DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I VfWQ By Coinalta;ton fre«. TV rit« for i;ook
$1 I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
h a hailed riir.
1897, A. Larsen and Fred Ellipson went
out seal and walrus hunting to provide
blubber for the dogs. They got lost among
the ice fields and were never seen again.
The work of raising the sunken river
steamer J. D. Peters was begun yester
day. Pontoons' were put alongside, and
the chances are that the vessel will be
floated off to-day and put on the ways for
temporary repairs. She will then be
taken to Stockton for a thorough over
hauling. The new steamer H. J. Corcoran
has been put on the run in place of the
Peters. As soon as the overhauling now
being given the T. C. Walker is completed
she will take up the Peters' run and the
Corcoran will take her old schedule. I
The bark John Palmer (late the British
ship Blairmore) has been chartered to
load lumber at Puget Sound for Australia.
She will go from here In ballast.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cared. Dr.
GordlD, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny, S.F. Cai.
The Hearst Libel Case.
The case of W. R. Hearst, proprietor of
the Examiner, charged with Utoel by Claus
Spreckels, was on the calendar of Judge
Mogan's court yesterday morning, but as
the Judge was sick Judge Conlan was
sent for and continued all the cases on
the calendar till this morning. The de
fendant, accompanied by his attorney,
Garret McEnerney, was in court; also
Grove L. Johnson, representing the pros
ecution.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met Thursday
afternoon and fined Thomas McElroy, en
gineer of engine 10, three days' pay for
neglect of duty. Patrick J. Keenan. who
murdered his wife, resigned as steward
of Chemical engine 4, and Edward King
was appointed to fill the vacancy. Samuel
Simmons was appointed hoseman of en
glne 16.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
ALL ADMIRE
Our laundry work, and wearers of
It enjoy comfort and pleasure.
Color right, finish perfect and no
saw edges to promote . your wrath.
One bundle here will prove to you
the wisdom of our customers'
choice. -,V 'i; : ,-lVjo. ; is, : - : 3.
; ; The United States Laundry, office ',;/
: 1004 Market street Telephone - ■
Southv42a /v'; :^>;: : -:j.> : \ : :
POO OO OOOOOOOOGTOOOO
|w PALACE *nl
ICFtAND HOTELS I
Z. BAH FRANCISCO. jl \
" . Connected by a covered passageway. 'Jf ,
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. 2
0 All Under On* Management. O
SROTE THS PRICES: . Q \
2T European Plan. sl.oo per day and upward rt j
D American Plan. so. OO per flay and upward VI |
ft ; •• Correspondence Solicited. •■• -'Q-t
X 'OEM 0. KISKFATEIOK, Uutgii. q
OjO o ooQOOooa 00 o 0000o 000 ;
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
JL irJW 625 HEAHST .ST. - Established j
K*TY^Sk In 1854 for the treatment of Private
J '■:. i*> jfjßf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or ; i
disease wear! neon body and mind and
2^f,.SßHß|Hkin Diseases. The doctorcures when '
\BMB ■ others fail. Try him. Charges low,
x a]('nrr«cunranfp<'d. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. 1". UIBBON. Box 1957. 5 an Francisca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Iw. ,'"•• -i Steamers - leave Broadway
q^-,_ wharf, San Francisco:
fSitfSSsL. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
< wßj|^ Nov. 2, 7. 12. 17, 22, 27, Dec. 2,
1 Km«EI transfer at Seattle. ■ • ■
t^V^lskfl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
GHSm^<J^Ai C ) Port Townsend; Seattle,
(^^^•i&Sssi Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
New Whatccm (Wash.). 10
a. m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12. 17, 22, 27.
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska • and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. -kj . ■• ■■ „
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). . 2 p. m Nov.
5 10; 15. 20, 25. 30. Dec. 5, and every fifth day
For af Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ran Simeon.
Cayueog Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
GaviotaV Santa ! Barbara. \ . Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East. San Pedro (Los . Angel es> and
Xewport, 9 a, m., Nov. 1. 5. 9. 13, 1«, 21, 20, 29.
Dec 8 and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OWspo). Santa-. Barbara. Port j
T.ns Angeles and Redondn (I.os Anceles). 11 »
nf Nov t, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23.-27. Deo. 1. an*
ev'erv fourth day thereafter. Bay. San Jose del
FoV Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
m For h further Information obtain folder.
The ? company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
afIOKJ:a flOKJ:T t OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
B GOODALL? pERKIN & CO.. Gen. Airt,..
. . .; 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
~ mo.r. & n, co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O R.T L JL 2SJID
' From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m. ;
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3. 12, 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15. 24, Dec. 1. - |
State of California sails Nov. 9, 18, 27. Dec. 6.
Bhort line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• " f B. C. WARD, General Agent.
. - - 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., " ' ; .■,■;■•* -.^
■••. Superintendents. 1
Gornpagnie Generate Trcnsatlantique,
r . (French Line) •
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^BAS»
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
nt I" * m., from Pier,. 42, North *d"wa«fia.
River." foot of Morton street. " .; t .
LA GA5C0GNE.^............... Nor. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE....... Nov. IS !
LA BRETAONE .;....... .........Nov. 26 ;
LA TOUR AINE: :..... ..^.-... .....Dec, 3 ;
LA GA5C0GNE... ........ ..........••••••••• D c - 10 ;
First-class to Havre $90 and upward, 5 per. !
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip. ?
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J F FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery ayenue, ■ San Francisco. - ■
<4!&&rd9fltti!iß9BfQ The s. s. mqana
/S^^STMfB M"PsB&' ails vla Ilonol u'u and
SSTxf !» £^T '* ■ Auckland ifor ■. Sydney
X JSS* igmJ :  1 Wednesday, . November
fMgkfBMBA 3 °. at 10 p.m. MOANA
?»fflWIC ai » i: ' c vla Honolulu and
•t ■■"■■•Auckland for Sydney j
f§ ~^—^^ Wednesday, November
W?^-^^v|?3'r|Cf.|n!j Line to COOLGAR-
SVtiS^^C/'iS'"-'''^,. DIE, Australia and !
VX*lsP' (s[H^3f?.'>h CAFK TOWN, South I
«s^«»^ •, ' \V].If.V4iWl Africa- . '»» '
J' D. SPRECKELSBROS. ft CO., Agents,
. ■,• -. -- <*: '114 Montgomery st.
Freight- offl?e— 327 Market St., San Franclsro.
BAY AND BIVEE STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.". ; :
Men.. Tuei.. wed.. Thure. and S*t ....,„.... 
79;«{ a. m., 1:16 p.m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays....... ."."...1 P.- m. and 8: SO p. a.
6unday» 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. a..
i . Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier i. ■
■■•-■.■ ■ Trt«phop> Red tUX. :',r "'.. '" '■'■'/: I
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m. : :
Steamer ALVISO. Clay-street Wharf.- J Fare to
Ban Jose, 60c; round trip, 760. Delightful Bay i
Excursions, Alvlso and return, 76c. . Telephon*
Main 1300. .
. ' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. " , - .' ', .- V," •
"absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
# signature of Brent Good.
' * . PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF l/*AOTrDV»l FOR HEADACHE. §PP
™ CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. v-
GENUINE (hUH* FOR BILIOUSMESS. GENUINE
GENUINE W yco for torpid liver. GENUINE
i Spills for CONSTIPATION. v;
WPAPPFB M m*' FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAITfcK IaMM I FOR THE COMPLEXION WKAmK
_ . | i CENinNi: MUSTMAVC^yONATUBt. . . . . ,
25 Cent* Purely ▼egetal>le v /£^~^s^<
PROCLAMATION.
2 STATE OF CALIFORNIA, ;i:;
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1397,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said. Legislature .voting
in favor . thereof, " proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE. ' •
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
' : ";-" • ;■ _■ ' 41.) ■ -• ■'. ..•■■•-
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in : relation to revenue and taxation, •by
which it is proposed I to amend said section to
read as follows:; • .' • . ,
: Section 18. No county, city, town, township,:
board of education or : school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose . exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided . for it for
such year, without the assent of ~ two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an j
election to be held for that • purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the - interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof |
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the .. forty-third and . \
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro- ,
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court,. place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer, or sewers in said city ;
and county are hereby excepted from the pro- j
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner- and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In th« construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an- election held for
that purpose shall so decirl*. " Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void. .. ; . ■■',•-.,'• .'.\- ".^ ' ' '
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional " Amendment ■ No. .
... ■ ..id.) "..'-" ...'•'.:' .r. ■■ -
A resolution proposing to the people .of th« ■
State of California an amendment ■ tar the Con-
stitution of the State, by ' adding a new sec-
tion to be- known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for.
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: .. - '.. .. .'.
' Section 7%. The inhabitants of i any , county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to. the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this,. State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for 1 at : least • five years, Q"*"^
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
oare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed- in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government ■ act
■hall "then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or. If there be
not two such papers, ..then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication . it shall be !
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election. . and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
there on shall ratify the same. ' It shall there-
after be submitted to the , Legislature .for Its
rejection or approval, as, a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
Droved by a majority of the members elected |
to each house. ,It shall be , the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
ca«e become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act. i
A copy of such county government act. certi- I
fled by the President of the Board of Super- \
visors or other legislative body of such county. >
and authenticated by the seal of such county. !
Kettine forth the submission •of such county
Government act to the electors, and Its ratifica- i
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and i
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of '
Etate the other, after being recorded in the j
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two j
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the |
legislative authority of the county, to the i
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe- |
cial election held at least forty days after the i
publication of such proposals for twenty days j
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the Qualified electors voting thereon.: and ap-
Droved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act. j
In submitting any such county government act.
any alternative article or proposition ■ may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may,
be voted on separately without prejudice to
others. " ' ■. -
It shall- be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than. Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or -appointed;: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to ' each of
such deputies, for, the manner in which, the !
times in which, and the terms .for . which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
r""u!ation, compensation '- and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the' manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may. in addition determine the
tests and . conditions upon which electors, po-
litical ■ parties ' and organizations may partici-
pate In ; any primary election. ,-■ . . >
■ Whenever any- county has, In the manner ,
and method : heroin pointed out. adopted* any i
county government : act. . and ' the same ' shall
have been approved .by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction ■of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment -of officers, -and- the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
«?aid county government act shall, as to any of '
the matters herelnabove provided- for: and .de- i
clared by such county gnvernntent act, not be I
subject to any law or amendment enacted by I
the Legislature, except, by :: amendment , first
submitted to the . elector? and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth. ; • -
AMENDMENT . NUMBER THREE.
(Being ', Senate Constitutional ' Amendment No.
A resolution. proposing to the people -of the !
State of California an amendment to the Con- |
stitution of the. State, by adding a new section, i
to be known and designated as section five and. I
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization lof a.. court.' to .be 5 known as the
Court ' of Claims. The eaid proposed : new sec-
tion to read as follows: .-■ : ■ : . • <
Section 5,4- .- The : Court of Claims shall con-
■lst of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold I
court at the regular -terms thereof. The Court j
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to j
hear and determine > all claims ■of • every kihd ;
and character -against' the State, under such !
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and !
i's Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms :
of . the. Court of ; Claims shall be held aa fol-.
lows: v '^>'^'\t-:^' y 'y-"- : •■.---^ '■■■ ''•- ■'-'- ■":•■'•. r-j-'j- ■•/;
In the City i. of Los Angeles. f commencing on
the- second Monday of March; / ; .< ■■ ■:,..,■ ■
In ; the City, ana : County ■of San Francisco, t
commencing on the - second Monday in . July, f
and:"- - ■.■•■.•■■'... ; - i •-...=
-■• In '■: the ; City : of : Sacramento. - commencing on I
the second Monday of November of each year.
The •■ Judges , holding - such ] term -of court > shall
receive \ no '. extra ; compensation therefor, rs but
shall receive: their ; actual expenses, to be paid
out iof ; the ■ general • fund !of • the State ; treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide thai pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision*
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be knowa
as section number five and one-half, relating tc
consolidated city and county governments. Tna
eaid proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6V4. The provisions of sections foui
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVK.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resclutlon to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall h«
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
bis office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.i
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, of
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in tha
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governoi
nor the president pro tempore of the Senat*
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Goy-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of" the Stat«
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows.:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal school*
and technical schools as may be established by
I the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support ol
primary and grammar schools. Crammai
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, 'r
which a course of study shall be taught which
w<l! prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
raping or scientific department of the Univer-
sT>- of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 14.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which 11
is proposed to amend said section to read at
follows:
Section 1. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time- of ad-
journment. If the two nouses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume theit
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b«
within the limits above prescribed. L T pon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete it*
session. No pay shall be allowed tc members
for "a longer period than seventy-nve days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors fer
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 188$,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9B.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at cuch election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice' as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Franciaco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City T«t
of Vallejo for the construction of its- — —
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they wero
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yet
(providing for framing local county-
government acts by inhabitants of Na
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Numbr-r Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
• Court of Claims to determine claims Ye*
against the State, and to consist of- 1—
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
.Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Yea
and counties, organized or to be or--(
ganized, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? l>
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
Nc. Sfi (relating to office of Governor. Yet,
providing for succession thereto in — —
certain cases and removing disability-! No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar-
Schoola). . No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. t* 'providing for adjournment of Yes
Legislature for net less than tWrty-
nor more than sixty day» during each No
session).
For the Amendment*
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above wrtttr-n.
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. HTBROWN. Secretary or StaU.
[SEAI»]
lllmiL;
$1.50 per Year.
910
TWO BIG RALLIES
AT MARYSVILLE
. Maguire Is Followed by
Tirey L. Pord.
WIDELY DIFFERENT STORIES
TOLD FROM THE SAME PLAT
FORM.
JThe ''Little Giant" Also Addresses
Large Audiences in the Towns
of Red Bluff and
Redding.
Special Difratch to The Call.
MARYSVTLLE, Nov. 4.— The special
train bearing James G. Maguire and
party on their lightning tour of North
ern California was an hour and a half
late reaching this point. It was sched
uled to arrive here at 3 o f clock this
afternoon, but did not come until 4:30.
Prominent Democrats, with two four
in-hands and a band of music, escorted
the party to the Marysville Theater,
•where Kirby S. Mahon of Yuba City,
ex-District Attorney of Sutter County,
actinp chairman of the meeting, in
troduced the "Little Giant" to a large
audience, many ladies and Republicans
being in the gathering.
Maguire begun with thanks for the
hearty welcome of the citizens and a
reference to the lloral decorations,
■which, he said, evidenced the int
of the ladi.-s in the camp of the De
mocracy. Referring to the hoarseness
al his voice the speaker said it was due
to the fact that he was doing a great
deal of his own talking, while Gage
■was wearing out several throats bought
•toy the railroad. Then followed a se
vere arraignment of the railroad com
pany, combined monopolies and insti
tutions of corporate greed. He referred
to the Silver Republicans as disciples
of Lincoln, who were not to blame for
lighting shoulder to shoulder with
Jeffersonian Democrats and Populists.
There was every reason why the three
should be united and no reason why
they should not be united. The battle
of 1*96, he said, was being fought over
again in California.
To Hon. Marion de Vries, candidate
for re-election to Congress, the speaker
paid a handsome tribute, exhorting his
auditors to stand by him and the Dem
ocratic nominees for the Railroad Com
mission and Board of Equalization. He
also spoke a good word tor the legisla
tive nominees, Ostrom and Hicks. He
referred to the attempt of the Repub
licans to eliminate all issues save the
single tax, of which Barnes knows
nothing. Gage less. Knight still less
and Van Duser less than any man liv
ing. In conclusion he promised to fill
the office of Governor with the same
fairness, fearlessness and impartiality
which he claims characterizes his past
record.
The other candidates on the State
ticket were introduced, each in turn
making speeches.
Following closely the adjournment of
Maguire's meeting in the Marysville
Theater, Hon. Tirey L. Ford, candidate
for Attorney General, and Hon. Frank
McGowan addressed the voters of Yuba
and Sutter counties from the same
platform this evening. Ford began
by a refernce to his early life, which
•was spent in Sacramento Valley, where
he labored at tilling the soil and har.
vesting to get the first few hundred
dollars which enabled him to begin the
study of law. He reviewed the his
tory of the country, comparing exist
ing conditions under successive admin
istrations to prove that prosperity fol
lows under Republican regimes. The
balance of trade is always in favor of
the United States when the protective
tariff of Republicanism is in vogue,
■while, with equal regularity, it is
against the country when a tariff for
revenue only prevails. He pointed out
the inconsistency of Maguire, who
stand? on three antagonistic platforms.
He then paid a tribute to Gage, and
concluded by calling attention to the
opportunity now presented to Califor
nia through territorial expansion,
which means the trade of the Orient,
and urging his auditors to stand by
the administration.
Hon. Frank McGowan pointed to the
superiority of the Republican State
platform over that of the "Confusion"
party. The speaker exposed the record
of White and Maguire on the war reso
lutions, also Maguire's record as a "sin
gle taxfr," referring to the latter as a
man who voted against a bill exclud
ing anarchists from this country. He
combated the argument that the State
Republican ticket is a railroad ticket
and closed with an eloquent reference
to the war with Spain and the patriot
ism and valor of the American soldiers.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 4.— A big crowd
greeted Judge Maguire and his com
panions at this place to-day, but the
lack of enthusiasm in such a crowd
amounted to a frost. The platform
was erected un the railroad reservation,
and Messrs. Hutchison, Conley, An
drews, Woodman, Mulholland and
Runckle were in turn presented by
Chairman McCoy, all of whom lauded
Maguire. After each had said a few
•words Judgf Maguire wpsVntroduced,
•who started by compl^y-nting the
• flowers, and said this was a contest
between allied monopolies and repre
sentatives of the Jpffersonian Democ
racy. He said he would not be able to
discuss the details of political issues for
lack of time, and then proceeded to oc
cupy much time in talking about Gen
eral Barnes and the late war, instead
of telling the people what laws he had
pushed through Congress during his
Bix years' term.
Mr. Maguire asserted that Southern
Pacific attorneys were doing Mr. Gage's
talking, and he again mentioned Gen
eral Barnes as the ablest and most elo
quent attorney in the employ of th«
railroad, but forgot to tell that Gen
eral Barnes is also the attorney of the
Examiner, whose special train is bear
ing Mr. Maguire throueh Sacramento
Valley. He declared that the silver
question is not settled and ■will not be
until settled in compliance with the
platform declaration upon which stood
Mr. Bryan, "the worthy successor of
Thomas Jefferson."
He then went over his railroad ha
rangue, and showed his inconsistency
by attempting to discredit Congress
man Barbara after admitting that his
amenrln^nt in regard to the CentrnJ
Pacific debt was a good one. He stuck
to th<> one issue which the Examiner
has mapped out for him to speak upon,
and repeated many times that the rail
road question was not settled by Con
gress. He did not deny his single tax
views, but declined to discuss them, be
cause no party had declared for the
single tax: but this did not prevent him
from trying to engraft them upon the
laws of the land while in Congress. He
thought the Republican panty as now
constituted should be wiped out of ex
istence; but this may have been from
a fear that it might wipe him out of
existence next Tuesday.
The Red Bluff band, the many ladies
and hundreds of school children helped
to make a big crowd, but there was a
•woeful lack of enthusiasm, and it is
■afe to say that Mr. Maguire made no
vote? by his visit.
REDDING, Nov. 4.— James O. Ma
quire and party arrived from San Fran
cisco by special train at 6:30 o'clock
this morning. The explosion of much
powder heralded the event. At 8 o'clock
Maguire and Hutchison were driven to
Armory Hall. A large crowd was in
waiting. C. W. Herzinger announced
Thomas B. Dozier as chairman of the
meeting. E. L. Hutchison, for Lieu
tenant Governor, was introduced and
talked for half an hour. Other State
candidates were rapidly introduced,
made their bows, spoke a few words
and then too* their seats.
The introduction of James G. Ma
guire was attended by much enthusi
asm. The speaker wasted little time
in the preliminaries, but launched out
into an argument that dealt largely
with the so-called "railroad question."
He apparently made a good speech
from the Democratic standpoint, as he
was frequently applauded. Maguire
finished his talk shortly after 9 o'clock
and the party at once repaired to the
special train and was off for the south.
FRESNO VOTERS LISTEN
TO GENERAL BARNES
His* Forceful, Eloquent Words Take
the Vast Audience by
Storm.
FRESNO. Nov. 4.— General W. H. L..
Barnes was given a splendid reception in
this clly last evening:. He spoke for one
and a half hours in the Barton Opera
house ttn the largest political gathering
seen here since Henry T. Gage spoke in
Fresno. In the evening tne whistles of
tlio man" industries blew a shrill welcome
to the speaker, anvils were fired and mu
sic tilled the air. Judge H. Z. Austin,
chairman of the County Central Com
mittee, caJled the meeting to order and
introduced Frank H. Short as chairman.
In a few words Mr. Short presented Gen
eral Barnes, who was greeted with rous
insr cheers. He presented the issues of
the campaign in a. forceful and eloquent
manner. When the general declared that
"God and Dewey gave us the Philippines,
and by God and Dewey we'll keep them!"
the house stormed with applause.
Three tfrnes the speaker attempted to
resume, but was Interrupted each time.
I He also scored Congressman Castle, who
! delivered a wild harangue the night be
fore, denouncing the administration. Gen
eral Barnes branded the single tax as
revolutionary, destructive and pernicious,
and said a "man who could believe In it
was mentally unbalanced. He predicted
the election of Gage by a majority of 15,
000. It would not be a Republican vic
tory so much as a triumph of the people
and an escape from a ruinous policy.
The meeting adjourned with cheers for
j General Barnes and the Republican ticket.
CANNOT VOTE FOR MAGUIRE.
Prominent Democrat Presides at a :
Republican Rally.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Nov. 4.— A sensa
tion was sprung in the political affairs
of this county to-nig3it at a huge Re- j
publican rally. Hon. Charles H. John- |
son, always a strong Democrat and a
former member of the State Legislature,
consented to preside. He was greeted
with wild cheering, and at its close spoke
as follows:
"This is the first time I ever presided
over a Republican meeting, and I never
thought I should do such a thing. For
years I have been a consistent Democrat,
feeling a high sense of honor in follow- j
ing its flag, whether to victory or de- j
feat. But to-night I feel that my place
is no longer with a party which has sold I
itself out with no regard for principle.
I cannot vote for James G. Maguire for !
Governor nor for the fusion candidates
for Congress or the State Legislature,
and in this year of political treachery on ,
behalf of the Democratic boss politicians
I shall vote the Republican ticket."
His > few words were drowned in ap
plause. Mr. Johnson has many friends j
who will follow his advice. Hon. Frank
R. Davis and Francisco Dominguez of Los
Angeles spoke and appealed for the elec- |
tion of R. J. "Waters to Congress, which ;
met with favor.
"A DOLL'S HOUSE."
Blanche Bates and the Frawleys
Give a Remarkable Ibsen
Performance.
The performance of "A Doll's House"
that was given in the Baldwin Theater
yesterday afternoon marks a chapter
in the history of local theatricals and
reflects more than passing credit on
Miss Blanche Bates, who, besides giv
ing what was in many respects an ad
mirable personation of Nora, was per
sonally responsible for the first presen
tation of an Ibsen play ever given in
San Francisco. A great many people
have read "A Doll's House" and many
have seen it played In other cities; it is
the most "popular" in its appeal of all
Ibsen's dramas — but whether this fact
will account for the immense attend
ance at the matinee is another ques
tion. The advertising had been nobly
executed by the press agent and the
critics; the public had an idea that the
matinee was to be something special
ar-rt exclusive. So everybody was there,
especially the ladles.
The audience ranged from rabid
Ibsenites who received every line in
reverent silence, never by any chance
applauding until the curtain was down,
to the careless matinee girl who laugh
ed whenever there was a chance, and
frequently when there was not; but
fortunately everybody, whatever his
standpoint of entertainment, was not
ably interested, and it is a matter of
important record that the first Ibsen
play given here was a popular as well
as artistic success.
This is hardly the time of day to say
that "A Doll's House" is one of the
greatest of modern dramatic master
pieces. As printed drama its qunlity
was known even here years ago. But
it is a matter of gratification— perhaps
provincial gratification — to find out for
ourselves that it is equally telling in
performance. Practicableness must be
considered when a play is in question,
and after yesterday's performance not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
STEAMER CROATAN
BURNED AT SEA
Disaster Occurs Near
Cape Charles.
FIVE " PERSONS PERISH
TWENTY-TWO, HOWEVER, MAN
AGE TO ESCAPE.
Survivors Tell How Flames Envelop
the Vessel From Stem to Stern
in a Very Short
! Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VINEYARD HAVEN, Mass., Nor. 4.
A disaster at sea, fortunately with a
small loss of life, five persons In all,
was made known to-day by the land
ing here of twenty-two persons who
escaped from the burning steamer
Cioatan of the Clyde Line, bound from
New York for Wilmington, N. C, and
Georgetown, S. C.
The disaster occurred on November
1, about eighteen miles north of Cape
Charles and about 206 miles from New
York, from which port the steamer
sailed on October 31 with a general
cargo and eight passengers.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
burned hull of the freighter sank be
neath the waves. Of the twenty-seven
persons who were on board, twenty
two have survived. These passengers
were landed at this port this afternoon
by the schooner Alice E. Clark of Port
land, Me., which was in the vicinity of
the Croatan at the time she was
burned.
The Croatan's list of drowned Is as
follows:
JEREMIAH MCCARTHY of Nova
Scotia, second assistant engineer, leaves
a widow in New York.
STEWARD JAMES CURTIS of Jer
sey City.
MRS. JAMES CURTIS, wife of the
steward.
FRANK , an oiler, last name
unknown.
JENNIE WILLARD. colored, Wil
mington, N. C.
The story of the disaster as told by
Captain Hale and other officers of the
unfortunate vessel is as follows: The
Croatan was but twenty hours from
New York on her way to Wilmington,
with a smooth sea and calm weather,
when, at 3 p. m., a fireman came hur
riedly on deck and reported that the
ship was on fire. A general alarm was
immediately given and an effort was
made to lower the boats, but the fire
spread with such rapidity that all
efforts to reach them were unavailing.
In fact, in less than ten minutes after
the fire was reported the ship was rom
pletely enveloped in flames from stem
to stern. Shortly after the fire was dis
covered an explosion took place in the
cargo which blew off the after hatches.
A second explosion followed a few
minutes later and the ship was then a
mass of flames. It was at this time
even the fiercest devotee of Sardou and
Belasco can gainsay the spellbinding
qualities of "A Doll's House" as a sim
ple, actable drama. It is first of all a
plain play for practical play actors
after that you can discuss its philos
ophy and psychology as much as you
like. In point of construction, economy
of effort and cumulative force the piece
is marvelous. There is not a character,
a situation or a line that does not fit
like an inspiration. And thie problem is
presented in the only right way — so as
to seem the outcome of the drama
rather than the other way round.
The acting was startlingly even and
strong. The actors took neither the
parts nor themselves with undue seri
ousness; they played as they might
have done in any other play, perhaps
with a trifle more repression and with
more attention to the ensemble, and the
whole performance was one of intel
ligence and authority. Miss Bates
eeemed to feel her responsibilities in
the first act, making Nora acutely ner
vous rather than lark-like; but her
second act was full of fine sensitive
art, and the strain and excitement of
the last act she made very vivid by
playing in a quick colloquial key. In
all it was an ambitious performance,
volatile, sympathetic and keenly ana
lytical. The town owes Miss Bates a
big debt.
Mr. Roberts played Helmer with a
fine blend of good nature, austerity
and patronage. Mr. Edwards was very
much to the good as Krogstad, Louis
Payne kept the difficult doctor in a
plausible key, and Miss La Verne was
delightfully unvarnished as Mrs.
Linden.
The performance was such an imme
diate success that the management de
cided to repeat it to-morrow night in
place of "An Enemy to the King," as
previously announced.
ASHTON STEVENS.
that Captain Hale, seeing that to re
main on the vessel meant sure death,
gave orders for all hands to jump over
board and save themselves as best they
could. The gallant captain was the
last man to leave the ship, remaining
on deck with his first officer until they
were completely enveloped in flames
and the vessel had commenced to sink.
There seemed to be no panic on board,
and men and women, after lashing on
their life preservers, calmly leaped into
the water, seeing that their chance of
escape was much more certain than if
they remained cm board the burning
ship. Some of the passengers had their
faces scorched and many had their
clothing on fire when they leaped into
the water. The captain and first offi
cer succeeded in securing a yawlboat
which had been damaged in lowering
and by hard work rescued eight persons
from the water.
The burning ship was sighted by the
four-masted schooner Alice E. Clark,
which lay about six miles off, and her
captain sent a boat and crew to a-id in
the work of rescue. They succeeded in
rescuing twelve persons, many of whom
had been an hour or more in the watc-r
and were nearly exhausted. They were
taken on board the Clark and given
every possible attention.
The rescued persons are being cared,
for here at the Seamen's Bethel and at
the homes of citizens and will proceed
to New York to-morrow.
No explosives were known to be
among the ship's cargo and the origin
of the fire is a mystery to her officers
and crew.
LIVE-BIRD SHOOTING
TOURNAMENT CLOSES
Fred Gilbert of Spirit Lake, lowa, Is
Champion — Other Prize
Vinners.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4.— The Cincinnati
Gun Club live-bird tournament ended to
day, with the result that Fred Gilbert of
Spirit Lake, lowa, won the silver cup and
the live-bird championship of America.
When yesterday closed twenty birds of
the twenty-five bird shoot had been scored*
The remaining five birds were shot off to
day, with clean scores of twenty-five
each and first money to W. R. Elliston,
Fred Gilbert, Charles Budd and C. Young.
The second money, on twenty-four birds
each, went to J. S. Fanning, Rolla Heikes,
Hallowell. Fulford and I. C. Smith.
Third money, on twenty-three birds each,
went to J. A. R. Elliott, F. Alkor, G. H.
Clay, Andy Meaders and Nye. Fourth
money, on twenty-two birds, went to M.
F. Lindley, A. W. Dubray, R. G. Falls,
West, R. I. Tremble and A. C. Courtney.
Settle got fifth money on twenty-one
birds, and his share was much larger
than that of any in the higher classes
that divided money.
Only Elliston, Gilbert, Budd and Young
contested in the shoot-off for the cup.
Elliston lost three out of the first twenty
five birds and dropped out. Gilbert. Budd
and Younp tied on twenty-four. In the
second shoot-off they tied on twenty
three each. In the third twenty-five Gil
bert killed twenty-four and won the cup,
with Eudd and Young each having twen
ty-three.
It required 100 birds to decide the cham
pionship contest, of which Gilbert killed
ninety-six. Budd ninety-five and Young
ninety-five. The wind was high to-day
end the shooting was difficult. The birds
throughout were strong flyers.
RUHLIN MAKES A SHOW
OF JOE CHOYNSKI
The San Franciscan Saved From a
Knockout Several Times by
the Gong.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 4.— Joe Choyns
kt narrowly escaped being put to sleep
several times to-night at the Arena Ath
letic Club before the savage blows of Gus
Ruhlln of Akron. Ohio. Each time he was
apparently saved by the bell. The bout
was limited to six rounds and was one of
the fastest seen here in a long time.
Ruhlin towered high over Joe s head and
there was a difference of between twenty
five to thirty pounds in favor of the Akron
fighter. He forced the fighting from be
ginning to end. Choynski sprinting re
peatedly around the ring In his efforts to
get out of the way.
Toward the close of the first round Joe
steadied himself for the first ami only
time, and landed several hard rights and
lefts on Ruhlin's face. One of the blows
broke Choynskl's right forefinger. In the
early part of the second round Choynski
fell through the ropes and landed on nis
head while evading Ruhlin. The Ohio
man forced Joe all about the ring for the
next three rounds, and the San Francis
can was shaky at the termination of it,
falling down several times to evade Ruh
lin's rushes. Ruhlin fouled a number of
times In the clinches, but it was apparent
ly due to the heat of the encounter. Both
men eased up In the final round, which
was uneventful.
INCREDIBLE SUFFERING
REPORTED FROM GIBARA
Surgeon Woodson Says That Small
pox Is Baging to an Alarm
ing Extent.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett. <
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 4.— The
report made to General Wood by Cap
tain R. S. Woodson, surgeon of the
regular army, who accompanied Colonel
Hood's six companies to Gibara, says
the condition of the people and the
prevalence of smallpox is almost in
credible. There are more than §00
cases in Holguin and its vicinity and
several hundred at Gibara. Captain
Woodson advises sending no more
troops till the epidemic is checked and
the Isolation of the sick is accom
plished.
Murder in the First Degree.
EUGENE, Or., Nov. 4.— Claud Bran
ton charged with the murder of John
Linn last June, was this morning con
victed of murder in the first degree.
He will be sentenced on Tuesday.
BONNET WILL BE
ELECTED SHERIFF.
HIS FRIENDS JUBILANT OVER
THE PROSPECT.
Bemarkable Campaign Made by the
Popular License Collector
Without "Mazuma."
One of the most striking features of the
present campaign is the -wonderful vic
tory about to be scored by T. P. Bonnet,
the popular nominee for Sheriff on the
Democratic and Non-Partisan tickets. Tho
army of friends who have been canvassing
the various districts in the interest of Mr.
Bonnet met last night at Pythian Castle
and reported that he had the fight won.
The result of a canvass of the business
portion of the city showed ihnr business
men strongly Indorse Mr. Bonnet for his
clean record as License Collector. They
warmly commend his fre^ tern from the
bosses and boodlers, and bis manly inde
pendence in fearlessly administering pub
lic business in the interest of the people.
Mr. Bonnet was the first License Collec
tor who had the courage to enmpei the
railroad company to pay a license on
every car used. During his administration
the city has derived a vastly iar^er reve
nue from the office than that of any of his
predecessors. He is a strong believer i>!
the doctrine that a public office is a pub
lic trust, hence he has earned the confi
dence of the people. Such men should be
retained in the public service when found,
but it Is such a rare discovery that Mr.
Bonnet has every reason to feel proud of
his record. His election will be a well
earned reward. x
The Public Administrator's Fight.
A rough canvass of the town indi
cates that Captain Freese, for Public
Administrator, is in the lead for that
office. It seems all classes of citizens
are in favor of retaining him in his
position. As a stevedore he has employ
ed thousands of men, and in the "busi
ness" vote he does not appear \o have
fallen behind. It looks like Freeso and
nothing else for this responsible post.
SAN JOSE WIFE'S
ILL TREATMENT
Mrs. A. G. Bennett Seeks
a Divorce.
EXTREME CRUELTY ALLEGED
BEATEN AND DRIVEN FROM
HER HOME.
Delmas and Jarman Represent the
Plaintiff and the Case Is
Attracting Great At
tention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 4.— The cruelty
barbarous acts of A. G. Bennett Jr., a
prominent young society man and pol
itician of this city, toward his wife,
Doris Cambers Bennett, will shortly be
aired in court. The initial steps were
taken yesterday when suit for divorce
was commenced by Mrs. Bennett. The
complaint is brief, and merely states
that plaintiff since her marrige, by
reason of her husband's conduct, has
suffered great mental and bodily in
jury. Her attorneys are D. M. Delmas
and A. H. Jarman, and this indicates
there will be a contest over a separa
tion.
The marriage of A. G. Bennett and
Miss Cambers came as a surprise to
their many friends on May 12 last. Ben
nett was a very - opular young man and
prominent in affairs of the Firs Meth
odist Church, and the announcement of
his marriage shocked the members of
that place of worship. For years he had
been going with Miss Grace Northrup,
and he had told nearly every one he
was engaged to her. When it became
known how he had treated Miss North
rup the church people took the matter
up and he was ostracized from their
society. .-». boycott was also declared,
and his dentistry business paid for his
fickleness through a falling off of prac
tice. In the course of a couple of
months this hard feeling wore off, and
Dr. Bennett was received back into the
church circles.
The same socirtv and church circles
were as unceremoniously shocked
again on the morning of September 26,
after the "oung couple had enjoyed but
four short months of wedded bliss, by
the announcement in the dally papers
that Dr. Bennett would not be respon
sible for the debts of his wife, as she
had left his bed and board.
Mrs. Bennett, who is a most esti
mable young woman, returned to her
mother's home. Her story showed she
had been barbarously and cruelly
treated by her husband and his peo
ple. Her marriage was somewhat in
the nature of an elopement, and Ben
nett.'s motho- sister objected to his
choice. Dr. Bennett took his wife to
his mother's home, and from the be
-innin~ there was trouble. His relatives
did everything possible to make her un
comfortable and finally she could
stand it nc h n^er. On September 26
she pinned « note on her pillow saying
she had gone home for good, and he
need not expect her to return.
Mrs. Bennett says her husband struck
and beat her and practiced all manner
of cruelties. Before she left him she
was in a delicate condition and this
seemed to enrage him. On one occasion
she told him his acts were driving her
to suicide, and he volunteered to get
her any weapon or poison she wanted
to end her life. In fact she says he en
couraged her to kill herself.
The trial of the divorce case will be
interesting, and society will anxiously
await the outcome.
REA'S FORCES
ARE ON THE RUN
One of the Gang Candidates for Sher-
iff Withdrawn.
SAN JOSE, -<ov. 4.— George Y. Bol
linger, the gang Democratic nominee
for Sheriff, has been "hauled down."
and the Rea"._~ will now center their
strength on School Trustee I. J. Lang
ford for the office. "Jim" Rea. the
Mackenzies and other leaders ' the
gang held a conference this morning:,
at which Bollinger was also present,
and decided something must be done to
beat James H. Lyndon, the Good Gov
e- 'ment ca-did&te for Sheriff. Bollin
per was told that in order to do this
he must get out of the fight and throw
his votes to Landlord. Bollinger took
this order from the boss like a little
man. and only asked that he be not
compelled to make a public announce
mer* through the gang press of his
withdrawal. Rea made one o' his char
acteristic braggadocio speeches of how
his power was extending and four
years hence he would be a State boss,
and then Bollinger would be ensconced
in a good fat position In the State Gov
ernment.
Bollinger was given to understand by
Boss Rea and "Johnnie Mackenzie
that he must see his friends personally
and make ther" support Langford, and
also to keep old-line Democrats in his
*— rty and to make tern vote for him.
The hottest contest on the county
ticket is for Sheriff. There are three
candidates in the field — Lyndon (Good
Government), Langford (Republican)
and Bollinger (Democrat). Either of the
latter two is satisfactory to Rea, and
the boss' order has been any one to
beat Lyndon. Langford developed the
most strength, and consequently the
gan" will get back of him. His record
as a gan~ster and school trustee is well
known and suf lent to beat him. Not
only is Langford distasteful to the vot
ers, but his election means the ap
pointment of "Johnnie" Mackenzie as
Under Sheriff. _^
Death of a Prominent Homeopathist.
CHICAGO, Nov. 4. — Joseph Sidney
Mitchell, for twenty-two years president
of the Chicago Homeopathic Medical
College, died to-day of aneurism. Dr.
Mitchell was born in Nantucket, Mass.,
In 1839.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 LarWln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel, 6680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, Jl up:
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 Id st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fall* or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght «t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
paid.
CHURCH NOTICES.
BIBLE addresses Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock,
and Wednesday and Friday evenings at 7:45
at the hall, 25 Tenth st.. near Market, San
Francisco; alao at hall 418 Eighth St.. near
Broadway, Oakland, Sunday, Tuesday and
Thursday evenings at 7:45 o'clock. Please
note the evenings. David Little, evangelist.
No collections. Come. Bring your Bible.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- TUT
gree. C. P. BUNKER. Secretary. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting In Chapter Hall. «JV-
Masonic Temple, THIS (SATURDAY) lCjf
EVENING, November 5, at 7 o'clock /^r>
sharp. Third degree.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139* F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are request- _am_
ed to attend the funerai of our de- jC3P
ceased brother, ANTON WEITNER, I^W >
on SUNDAY, November 6, at 1 p. m. By
order of the Master.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company. — .'otlce Is hereby-
given that the adjourned annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Dorado Water
and Deep Gravel Mining Comprny will be
-held at the office of the company at Placer-
ville on Saturday, the twelfth U2th) day of
November, 18S8, at 7 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting.
A. D. HENDERSON. Secretary.
Placervllle, October 27, 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
tion will be held at the Chamber of Com-
merce, 431 California st., San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY. November 16. 1898, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
MAKERS' CORPORATION, Per W. J.
HOTCHKISS. Secretary and Manager.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situ-
ation; best city references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German second girl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation:
4 years last place; city or country. MISS
CTLLEN, 825 Sutter st.
BRIGHT, active young lady, quick at figures
and thoroughly experienced, desires a position
as clerk or cashier in store; salary reason-
able; most excellent references. Apply to
•MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
Telephone Main 5848.
YOUNG girl, cooking, French and American
style, would like a place to cook, wait at ta-
ble and sweep; wages $20 to $25. 3414 Twen-
ty-sixth st., near Mission.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day in
families; cuts by a perfect tailor system; is
willing to do any kind of needlework. Ad-
dress box 1805, Call office.
AMERICAN woman with a boy wishes situa-
tion as housekeeper or cook on ranch; best
of references. 1137 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In pay-
ment for board. Address box 1052, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do chamber-
work or pantrywork In a hotel or restau-
rant. 919 Jessie st.
WANTED— By Canadian-Scotch girl, house-
work In American family; good cook. Please
call at 681 Geary st.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper or light housework. Address 1513
Jackson st.
WOMAN wishes a situation to do general
housework, city or country, $12 per month.
Address 264% Tehama St.; no postals.
FRENCH cook wishes situation or general
housework; references. Call or address 1020
Howard st., near Sixth; speaks Spanish.
CAPABLE woman wants any kind of work by
the day; would take work home; laundress.
516 Lombard st.
NEAT young girl wish** situation to mind
baby and assist with light work; wages $10;
no postals: downstairs, 3010 Mission st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
J!nx 1804. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as children's nurse; would assist with sew-
ing or upstairs; reference*. 445 O'Farrell st.
RELIABLE German girl wants situation for
general housework: good references; wages
$20" Please call at 734 Clementina st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place as
working housekeeper: small wages but a good
home. Box 1089, Call office.
YOUNG German woman take In washing; also
men's washing and mending. 1373 Minna St.,
near Fifteenth.
USEFUL companion to lady; assist with dress-
making and millinery or as housekeeper^ m ,y
a respectable woman, aged 37. E. M., I*4l
Mission st.
LADY wishes situation In store or office; good
references. Call or add. MRS. M., 238 Taylor.
RESPECTABLE young r-man with small boy
wishes to do house or chamberwork. 246
Third St., room 63.
EDUCATED and refined yo«ng lady of 19
wishes to be a companion to an elderly lady.
Address box 1397, Call office.
SITUATIONS WAi\TEJD— YIAJLK.
TWO Swedish boys, aged 20, lately from old
country; understand ranch work; $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
JAPANESeTcHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 421.
STEADY and reliable young man wishes to
find work in store or warehouse or do firing
for a stationary engine; will give from $20 to
$30 bonus for good position. Please answer to
box 1046. Call office.
STRONG young German wants steady work In
private place; honest and Industrious; best
references. Address JOHN ZENSCHEL, 139
Fourth st.
STEADY, reliable man, German, speaks little
English, desires position in saloon or restau-
rant. Address FRITZ RATHENSPIEL. 331V4
Bush st., room 12.
YOUNG man wants position in general mer-
chandise store in country or mining camp;
experience and reference. Box 1051, Call.
YOUNG Japanese wants a place In lodging
house or family; well experienced and refer-
ence. T. IMAI. 521H Jessie st.
AS engineer or at any mechanical work by
highly reliable young man of experience. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
GEARY, 536 — Young man good appearance;
good home; small wages; references; after
10 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
position. Address 1522 Polk st.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind; strictly temperate. Box 1802, Call.
YOUNG man of good address wants employ-
ment. Address box 1806, Call office.
WAN'i-j- -Position by young man in private
place; experienced in care of horses and
work around place in general; best of refer-
ences. Please state wages and address N. T.
M.. 321 Ellis st.
THOROUGH and competent shipping and city
delivery man; can take exclusive charge of
any wholesale or retail house In the city; 10
years' experience; best of reference. Box
1038, Call.
INTELLIGENT man wants position around
private place; handy at any kind of work; 5
years in last place; best of references. Box
1049. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German baker on bread and
cakes; is able to make his own stock yeast;
city or country; also second hand. 242 Clem-
entina St.
THOROUGH engineer and machinist; years of
experience in city and mines. Address En-
gineer, 777 Market St.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a place as
helper on express wagon or driver; city or
country; has worked In Seattle, Wash.
Address JACOB VOLLMER, 621 California.
German porter and bedmaker wishes position;
handy with tools. Box 173, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 4« Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fr«« bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAXTEIJ— FEMALE.
4 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid to wait,
country, $20; 3 waitresses, city hotel, $15, and
chambermaid to wait, $15; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $5 50: restaurant cook, $7 week;
fancy Ironer, $30 month and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PARLOR maid and waitress, $25; cook and
French seoond girl, $20 each, I?an Jose, for
small family; first-class colored cook and
house girl for country. $25. or colored mother
and daughter as cook and nurse girl, $35,
choice place, call early; cook and house girl
for small American family, $20, see lady here
11 a. m. ; and many more, city and country,
$15, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Ironer for hotel, $30: cook, restaur-
ant. $8 a week; waitress, restaurant. $12,
board and room; 25 girls for housework. $2f>,
and $20; 15 German Cooks. $35; waitress and
seamstress. $25: French second girl, $20; Ger-
man nursery governess, $25. LEON ANDRE,
Sl6 Stockton it.
1 HELP WASTED- Continued.
NEAT nurse slrl. $10 per month, country: ■«•
lldy here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler st. ._
RANCH cook. 125. , MISS CULLEN, 325 But-
ter st. . ' ■•::..-■ ■-• -■
NEAT girl, light second work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
GERMAN or French governess, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter at. ■' ■ -"■■' -' ' '■
NURSE, $20; 2 second girls, $20 and $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 ■ Sutter st. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman, 2 in family. $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK. $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, first-class hotel, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. ___
COOK $30; boarding house, $30. MISS CUL-
ILLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
K. $30; boarding house, $30. MISS CUL-
N, 325 Sutter st.
TRESS and seamstress, $25. . MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse. 2 grown children, $25; sec-
ond girl and sewing, $25; 3 cooks in Ameri-
can and German families, $25 and $30; 3 cooks
In boarding- houses and restaurants, $20 ana
$35; waitress and chambermaid, private
boarding house. $20; 5 waitresses, $15, $20 and
$25; nurse, $18: girls for housework. Santa
Clara, $20; Alameda. $20; Palo Alto. $20, and
a large number of girls for cooking and
I: nurse, $18; girls for housework. Santa
.ra, $20; Alameda, $20; Palo Alto. $20, and
large number of girls for cooking and
isework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter at. '
COMPETENT second girl, best of references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. - ' '
RANCH cook. $20; housegirl, Saiit* Clara. $20.
see party here; housegirl. San Rafael, $2o;
Oakland, $25; cook, city. $30: second girl. $25;
nurseglrl. $20; housegirl, $25. MRS. .- NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. ---.■-. • -' ■ ■
WANTED— GirIs of all nationalities to fill
various situations. MRS. HIRP, -631 Larkln.
BATH WOMAN for springs, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st. ■
NEAT I experienced waitress. Apply between
10 and 11 o'clock to-day, Log Cabin Dainty
Lunch, 422 Fourteenth St.. Oakland. 
GIRL for light housework, 3 In family; In
country. Call 529 Merchant St., bet. 2 and 4.
YOUNG girl light housework; small family.
2024 O'Farrell St., near Devlsadero. . ,
WANTED— young girls learn waiting In din-
ing room. 116 Turk st. ■ •
WANTED — for housework and cooking.
$12 month. 126^ Capp st., near Seventeenth.
SMART woman to wash dishes. 136 Second
street. . ___. ■•' *
NEAT reliable girl for general housework;
small family; wages $15. 2422 A Polk st.
WANTED— An improver and an apprentice for
dressmaking. 1123 Webster St.
WANTED-^Good finishers on coat»; steady
work. 106 Battery st. • '_
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowells. 103 Post.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts: m
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., »6% Fremont st. m
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'B; good position*;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
f..... WANT TO-DAY
35 laborers for sawmills, woods yards, etc., of
large corporations, $26 and found; sawyer
for planing mill, see boss here; 25 men for
all classes of sawmill work, from $2 50 day
to $26 and found month .'
To the Great Railroads
84 laborers $1 75 and $160 day
96 teamsters $185 and $175 day
56 woodchoppers $2 50 to $1 cord
86 tlemakers Be. 9c and lie each
12 farm hands $26. $25 and $20 and found
3 boys to do chores on ranches.. sS and $10
2 old men to do chores $10
For a City. Manufacturing Company
5 laborers $20 and found
Farmer and wife south,
3 boys to learn city trades $3 week
15 two-horse teamsters, city $175 day
25 laborers, city jobs $175 day
• 6 milkers, different places.
, $25 and $30 and found
Stableman, city , • •
15 laborers for a limekiln $26 and found
Can washer, city dairy $30
Teamster to haul wood, city $40
i MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay gt.
LAUNDRYMAN, country hotel. $30 and found
Barber, country shop.. Type writer, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS .... WAITERS .... DISHWASHERS
5 hotel cooks, $40, $35 and $25 and , found ; 3
restaurant cooks, $50, $40 and $30 and found;
. 2 : second cooks and broiler for Seattle, . $100:
9 waiters, $30, $25 and $20 and found; 2
waiter boys to learn trades, $15 and found..
......MURRAY & READY. :
634-636 Clay at.
TAILOR, country, fare 30c. MURRAY i
READY, 634-636 Clay st. . ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104, Geary St.,
WANT TO-DAY
600 men for Skaguay Alaska Railroad, work
all winter, 35c an hour, fare $16.....
Ship Monday fare $16
25 2-horse teamsters, new railroad work, $25
and board: 10 laborers, $175 a day
Laborers and teamsters, mountain railroad
Harnessmaker, $1 25 a day and board; fre»
fare; sailmaker'to repair tents, $1 25 a day
and board, free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. . ■
CAMP cook, free fare, $50; cook. $11 a week;
third cook, $35; second cook. $45; dishwasher,
railroad eating house, half fare paid. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER and carriage trimmer for
Mexico, $5 50 a day, see party here; harness-
! maker who can also repair tents, $37 50 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 CARPENTERS; frame work; $2 50. C. .R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ,
WAITER for springs, fare advanced; pot-
washer. $20, •same place; waiter, city, $40; 2
waiters, same country hotel, $25: and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT head waiter and steward; coun-
try hotel; $50; see party here 9 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ,j
HAND laundryman: institution; $35 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104. Geary st. L - ■/,
EXPERIENCED upstairs porter:- $25; must
have hotel references. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st. . - ;
ERRAND toy who knows the city and lives
with his parents for our office. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Broiler, $50; second cook. $10: cook,
$12; third cook, $25 and room; baker. $40 and
found; waiter, $3 week; dishwashers, porters,
bellboys, waiters, etc. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Office boy; 4 woodchoppers, $1 50
cord: 2 men to clear land $25 an. acre; la-
borers for mill and woods. $20 and $26 and
found" vineyard and orchard man, 75c day,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st. . ■ ■'..-
WANTED— Barber for institution near city.
$™5 per month, board, lodging and washing.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St. ,
WANTED— Attendant for institution near city, *
must understand shaving and hair cutting,
r>s per month, board, i lodging and washing.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. ■ ,
WANTED — Laundryman for an institution. $30:
waiter for boarding house, $25; waiter for
restaurant, $30: vegetable man, $25; indoor
servant and wife as cook, private place, $50;
errand boy for store, $10 and found; boy, $15.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
BARTENDER. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
■ ter st. ■-•■■,---■• . - .- ■ . .'■■■■-■
FIRST-CLASS butler. $50. MISS CULLEN. 325 O
Batter st. . , - , ',-■;' .-:■
BARTENDER, pood wages. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, country; man as choreman,
wife to cook- $40. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED ladies' tailor; good • wages;
steady' employment. M. J. KELLER CO.,
Oakland. ■ ■ ■ - - ■
AN experienced tailor and operator wanted
on ladies' tailor made suits. KRAMER, 20
Sansome st. • , ;
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 602 Clay
' street. . . ■ ' : •
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday: wages.
11 Sixth, st. ■
BARBER for Saturday. 1738 Market St., op-
posite Eleventh. ,
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 715JA
Davis st. -, /*
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday: good
wages. 131 Third st. -..-■■;.
BARBER : Saturday. . evening and Sunday;
, wages. 527 Castro St., near Nineteenth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
; st., near Eighth.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 63 Third st
call early. .. .
BARBER for Saturday and . Sunday. • 132 Pa-
cific st. -.. "•_■ ■■■■,' ■•;•■■.■•■■■ • ' -:'-'■ :■■;•"•>':*►■,-'
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 105 Fourth
>. Btreet. ; ; : :, .. ■-. ; : •• .• • .-..-• -■ - . ....
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1 1073
Market St.. near Seventh. - , --^-:.-::
BARBER wanted. 763 Mission at.
WANTED— A : barber. - , 302 \ Fourth at.
WANTED— Young j man to . learn ,; cookies. U4HELP WANTED— Continued...
WANTED— A man who ' can Invest $12 for 4
rapid selling articles (coast agency). Apply
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 506 Market st.; upstairs.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
32S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
WANTED— at ROOS BROS., 25-S7 Kear-
ny st. ■
WANTED— RetaiI grocery salesman: give ref-
erences and wages expected. Box 1801, Call.
BOY wanted to learn trade. FINK & SHIND-
LER. 1309 Market st.
WANTED— 210 First st.
BOOTBLACK. Apply to F. N. BENT, south-
west corner Twenty-second and Folsom sts.
YOUNG man to work in restaurant at 1805
Halght st. -
LUNCH -waiter. 17 Washington st.
COAT, pants and vest maker. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BOY to feed Gordon presses. R. R. PATTER-
SON'S. 429 Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— young man that understands
butcher business at 316 Sixth st.
WANTED— A cook. 1581 Valencia St.
SECOND cook and waiter, restaurant. 112
Fourth st. .
TRY Lindell House. Sixth & Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c, 25c night.
SIXTH, 136, room 2, Ip*v and rent Immediately,
to represent us in city and country.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, • who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak.
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the reoruitlng office. 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
TO Tailors — Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
SINGLE rooms, 16c, 20c, 25c per night, 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
150 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
662 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— Montana House, 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
soleing, 3oc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 825 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., t<»low Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 250 night; rending room; free
box and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED^
WANTED— Agents: men or women; an article
every family needs: first introduced In State;
$5 to to per day: hours 10:30 to 2:30. Golden
West Hotel, 32-34-36 Ellis St.. room 27.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; Just In. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co.. 1135% Washington st.. Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER -anted with $5000, gent or lady. In
a fine paying mercantile business in Los An-
geles City fully open for most rigid Investi-
gation. For full particulars address G. H. L..
1000 Golden Gate aye. -
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED To buy a horse, ace from 5 to 10
years, weight between 1400 and 1500 pounds:
must be light driver; price not over $50. Call
500 Halght st.
FRONT and back bar wanted; not over 15
leet. Bos 1377. Call.
QUARTZ mill, crusher, feeder, hoist, power;
state price, location, condition. Box 1817. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
rmtus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery »t.
LOST.
LOST— Sixteenth 6t., between Dolores and Mis-
sion, pair silver spectacles; return to 1202 Do-
lores st. and receive $2- reward. J. McDON-
OGH JR.
LOST— At California Hall, last Monday night,
a diamond scarfpin. fly shape. Reward at 11.
M. MEYER. 96 Ninth St.
$20 REWARD paid for return of overcoat with
Pattus & Curtis, New York, makers, on the
hank, and SOL LOEB, owner's name, on in-
side pocket, left In some down town place, to
" room 24, Nevada block, 309 Montgomery st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of C. FERGUSON. No. 62-619. The
finder will p!sase return to bank. . ■
LOST— Black and white Spitz. Monday morn-
ing. Suitable reward to party returning
same to 22 Sacramento st.
LOST — A pension certificate, No. 27,203, of John
Morlarty. Return to MATTHEW HARRIS.
40 Ellis st. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN McMULLEN. 218-1072. The
finder will please return to bank. /■-: ---u
CARPET CLKANIM..
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~ ~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine. $1 60; open 9:30 to 5. 997
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Weinstock & Lubin's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
• A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES." ~~ ~~ r -
SECOND- HAND bicycles from $9 up; new girls"
wheels, $18; new 1897 high grade $100 bicycle
for $?9; new tires, $2; new petals, *1 25 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE.*2Oth and Folnom.
FUR MISCELLANEOUS.
REDWOOD moldings; 20,000 feet new, modern;
quarter regular price. Apply in rear of 2518
Pine st. J. DUNCAN.
WALKING stick shotgun, detachable butt; also
12- bore hammerleßS gun; Damascus barrels.
. ' 215 Kearny St., room 8. : . '
LARGE valuable female dog, a beauty, for
sale. 17 Grant aye. ■
CIRCULAR saw, drilling attachment, $15; bar-
gain. Room 709, £27 Market St., 10 to 4 p. in.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •
IF rats and mice annoy you write 8. S. MFG.
CO., Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator. ..
FRESH Jersey cow, $35. 216 Hearst aye., Sun-
nystde. ' . ■ .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
.INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
. ther; pulleys cvr'd. 619 Mission; tel. Br. 831.
ENGINE boiler, pumps, pulleys, shftng., lndry.
mchy.. dynamos, 2d hand. White, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE launch. Al order. Apply Boat-
keeper, California Yacht Club, Oakland Creek.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc. 633 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $6 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, S3B-'js2 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer, second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sites; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. 9.
BUSINESS CHANCES. -
LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old established and reliable business agents;,
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. ;.  ' _____
A— s6so: CORNER grocery and bar, with ele-
gant living rooms; low. rent; first-class, pay-
Ing; sickness only compels owner to sacrifice.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; coal and woodyard; established many
years; doing ' a splendid paving business;
horses and wagons; lease; rent $25; death of
owner cause of sale; a genuine good invest-
ment. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Mcrket st. . . ' '_
$300— BUTCHER business, old established; wag-
on, 2 horses, large scales; fine locality; very
large trade; everything In fine running order;
see this at once. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st. _____
BAKERY and confectionery; first-class
business; splendid store trade; trial B'yen; a
bargain for somebody. ' Inquire WILKi. Ec
UNFUG, 906 Market st. ■
$2000; corner grocery in' lively country town
close to this city; doing a good paying busi-
ness; Including -house of 5 rooms, hard nn-
ished; lot 55x100; horse, wagon, barn, etc. Par-
ticulars WILKE & UNFUQ. 906 Market st.
$2000; HOUSE. 50 rooms, finely furnished;
splendid, location for business: biggest bar-
gain In city. S. H. GOULD & CO., succes-
sors to George Stewart & Co.. 632 Market st.
A— s2so: PARTNER wanted in old-established,
well-located brokerage business; o nv " tlEa ,^
this for your profit. GOULD & CO., W3
Market St. ■
A— s96o; CANDY, stationery, notions and spe-
cialties; fine stock; splendid location, big
trade; close investigation. GOULD & «-<J..
632 Market st. ' .
A— s7so; FINE business in close-by, live town,
paving $150 per month; thorough investigation
solicited. GOULD A CO.. 682 Market st.
$SW-GROCERY and bar; living rooms: owner
sick; must be sold. N. LOE\\ l_rs_-_.i:N,
1023% Market st.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A— sl7s; delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up; sailing account sickness.
National Business Ex.. 7 Grant aye.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— -Cor. ■ grocery' and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery: Market St.; rent- $15.
Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant av>.
$125— BRANCH bakery: pays well; big bargain.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
SALOON: 8 furnished living rooms; good
location; bargain. N. Loewensteln, 1023% Mkt.
PARTNER for livery stable; $1000; bargain for
steady man. N. LOWENSTEIN. 1023% Markt.
$250— HALF interest in a good laundry route;
great chance for .steady man. N. LOE-
WENSTEIN, 1023% Market st.
$200— GROCERY and bar, with 3 living-rooms;
a bargain. N. LOEWENSTKIN. 102f<_ Mar-
ket st, ;_2
$250— PARTNER wanted in butcher business;
steady man cnly. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023%
Market st. ■ ■ -
BAKERY; Just across the bay; baking 4
to 5 barrels flour per day; old established^ 6
horses, 3 wagons. 5 living rooms and bath;
seller owns property: is retiring and will
give his successor a good chance; best offer
in this line to-day. M. LESS. 785 Market st.
$300 — FAMILY liquor store; corner; north Mar-
ket; old established; big paying; seller owns
building; will make rent cheap. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$2750— HOTEL and bar In best part of city;
large bar trade: 20 living room*; a good in-
vestment; will bear investigation: good rea-
. eona for selling. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$250— PARTNER wanted in a light Indoor busi-
ness that will pay $75 to $100 per month year-
ly. Mclaughlin. & CO.. 777 Market st.
FRUIT-STORE; bargain this day. MC-
. LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$400 CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this
day. McLAUGHUN & CO.. 777 Market Bt.
$1000— SALOON in ' prosperous country ! town;
retiring cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market st.
KREDO & CO '. 22% Geary st.
BROKERS. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
*200 — Cigar stand; also $500 stand.
$300— Branch bakery; $16 dally.
Grocery and bar; also $700 grocery.
$450— Hotel and bar; clears $100.
$1200— Delicacy store; best in city.
$1760— Saloon ; $50 to $76 daily. ,
$5000— Drug store; monthly receipts, $1200.
$150— PARTNER wanted .money making, legiti-
mate business. RAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant In Oakland; present owner
there 5 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco;, clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest Investigation and
trial before buying. Owner. CalJ, Oakland.
MILK business, $200 capital required; who will
go In with me? I am 22; have 4 horses, 1
double. 1 single wagon, cans, etc.; now Is
the time. A. G., Call Branch office. 108 Elev-
enth. ■ ■
FOR Sale— Established business. stock and fix-
tures, with exclusive Pacific Coast rights;
good opportunity; parties going East. Box
1359. Call office.
FOR Sale— bargain; the Nickel saloon, with
stock, fittings, fixtures and pianoforte. 158
Seventh St., near new Postof flee site.
HOTEL, furniture and lot can be bought for
$1300. Call at 256 Third st ■ ■ ■ ■■■
BARGAIN, two-st'-y factory. 10-horse power
boiler engine and machinery: residence if
desired: sacrifice; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress 316 York St.. near Sixteenth.
RESTAURANT at a sacrifice. 27 N'jUh
street.
11100— SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full;
this is a bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy,
piano; clearing $200 monthly. 865 Market.
NEAT restaurant for sale cheap. Call at 1205
Market st., near Eighth. . . -
FOR SALE— Furniture of barber-shop. Inquire
at 103 Eddy st. •
BROKER or promoter wanted to organize, in-
corporate and place stock of a company; state
terms and address Company, box 1031, Call.
FOR SALE— Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT, oyster house; large trade; cen-
tral; completely equipped; $450; quick. Box
1364, Call. ■
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon and shooting gal-
lery i-cheap. 319 Third st. ; rent $20 per month.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2875 Sixteenth
St.. near Howard.
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent.' Apply 15 Grant aye.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale St. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 60 a year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALJB.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.. opposite FIFTH.
10-room house; only .............$ 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 '. '.. 550
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms: clears $100 .'...600
.14 rooms on Powell st.; new 750
22 rooms near City Ha 11....... 600
60 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y..,.....". 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. LECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH. -
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 ROOMS; all new; clears $300...: $5500
38 rooms; $450 cash; balance time 1100
23 rooms; rent $45; receipts, $150 600
18 rooms: very -.veil 1500
17 rooms; transient; O'Farrell 850
16 rooms: Eg: 1 "' boarding; no rent........ 1000
13 rooms; clears $12 a week; new.. 600
9 rooms; elegantly furnished :... 325
Bee long list at our office. KREDO 4 CO.
LADY partner for half-interest in 20- room
lodging-house; take full charge: clears $100
month. KREDO & CO., 22% Glary st.
12 ROOMS on Ellis st. cost $2000; new fur-
niture; on)y V. $1100
30 rooms; north of Market St.; fine 1500
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
28 rooms; rent $55 •.! 550
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.. 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture COO
1 IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE. .
F. C. HYDE CO., 1206 Market st.
L W ROGERS, cleric (formerly clerk for
H. 'C. DECKER). >■ '
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS— ~~T~~
10 rooms ....-..5175 18 rooms; fine $550
16 rooms .....250 20 rooms; snap. 600
87 rooms ...700 160 rooms 1250
National Business Agency. 7 Grant ay«.
FLAT of 8 rooms; complete for renting out;
some rented; $25 rent; very desirable; lea v-
lng town; must sell: $100 cash. 1128% Howard.
TURK, 127— Lodging house, 16 rooms; carpenter
shop:' nice location: cheap. ■. • '' ';
O'FARRE -L, 558— First-class house of 9 rooms;
5 completely furnished. :
4 MARKET. ST.— office of The j Call.
Want ads and subscription* taken. • : >
__ "sewing machines.
AUTOMATIC Domestic, . Singer and • White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. :< 915 Mission ■ st.
$2 ■ MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought • sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint ,45.
ALL kinds : bought, sold, exchanged rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOYEMBEB 5, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — SUNNY NB. corner house in the Western
Addition 14 rooms; modern: would do nicely
for a private boarding-house. Inouire 900
Devisadero St., corner -' McAllister.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth —
Sunny i big-room house, good' repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
JUST completed; lodging-house, 37 rooms; all
eunhy and on one floor. Southeast corner
Sixth and Shipley sts.
PERRY, 208. near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent S3: water free.' Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
POINT LOBOS aye., 913— House of 5 rooms and
yard; rent $12.
WE can- rent you a house with or without a
flagpol*. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO^ET^A well furnished cottage in the vicin-
ity of Oakland, with hot and cold baths: also
one acre of ground well improved; rent $22
a month; must have good references. Box
1037. Call office.
FURNISHED FLATS.
COMFORTABLE, furnished upper flat, 6 rooms;
bath; garden. 835 Fulton st. ; key In lower flat.
SMALL flat. 4 sunny rooms, nicely furnished.
1522 Geary St.
FLATS TO LET.
DOLORES, 1037X^Newly painted "modern 6-
room Hat; rent reduced.
ELLIS, 925, near Van Ness aye.— Elegant new
flat, 7 rooms; bath and yard; rent cheap.
FLATS, Second St.. $14; cottage, Rincon aye.,
cheap. Key cor. Second st. and Rincon aye.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1138, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats. 6 and 7 rooms.
HAVES. 359- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAVENWORTH. 151B— Flat of 5 rooms; gas
and bath; rent $18.
MINNA, 904, near Tenth— Flat, 4 rooms and
bath.
MISSION. 1775— 520; modern sunny flat. 8 rooms;
8 closets.
______
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— slo;
lower flat of 4 sunny rooms.
TEHAMA, 62, nr. Second— Lower part of house,
3 large rooms, $9; good order; very cheap.
UPPER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12 AND $13; sunny flats; range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento st.
2 NICE rooms, kitchen, yard and basement; $7;
upper flat 5 rooms, bath and conservatory. $12.
16 Folsom aye.. off Folsom st., near Eighth.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st.
$14—5 SUNNY rooms. 918 Geary Bt., between
Polk and Larkin; apply on the premises.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third -ts.
Apply 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— 2 or more sun-
ny parlors and kitchens. $5 up.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Sth— Nice front room
for housekeeping; bath and laundry: $10.
EIGHTH. 34. near Market— Sunny front parlor
connected with one or two bedrooms and
kiti hen; furnished complete fof housekeeping;
private family; bath.
EDDY, 917 — 2 or 4 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: splendid location.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, from
$5 up; also rooms for housekeeping, cheap.
ELEVENTH, 130—2 neatly furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $11.
FIFTH, 392, near Harrison— Sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent cheap; $lfrup.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— slo; 3 sunny un-
furnished rooms; good yard.
FOL6OM, WC— I neat sunny rooms; furnished
complete; no children; $10.
FOLSOM, S7o— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; double and single; reasonable.
FOURTH, 224— Nicely furnished front suite;
housekeeping: single rooms; elegant furnished
rooms at 244 Sixth st. : reasonable.
GEARY, 556— Sunny large front room suites;
double and single rooms; prlv. housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
ttuve, bath and free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1715 — 4 very pleasant fur-
nished front rooms for hkpg. ; reasonable.
GROVE. 202. corner Van Ne_s aye. un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 761H— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with kitchen, man and wife; others; reas.
HOWARD. 1068- Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 large rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
JONES. 117—2 nicely furnished sunny suites;
housekeeping privileges; $10 and $12; private.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front with small
connecting room; light housekeeping; $9.
MINNA. 454—3 back rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; lower floor; sep. entrance; cheap.
NOB Hill— 3 sunny rooms, bath, partly fur-
nished; housekeeping; adults. Box 1033. Call.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny front room furnished
complete, housekeeping. $S; small front room.
complete housekeeping, $5; one sunny un-
furnished, $4.
OAK, 1198—3 or 4 furnished rooms: entrance
park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; house
new; no children; no dogs.
SIXTH, 216V4— Housekeeping rooms, thoroughly
renovated: also single; running water; reas.
SIXTH. 420— An elegant front sunny suite;
housekeeping rooms and others.
SEVENTH, 651— 55 50; 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
SUNNY upp<;r flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $17.
TA.YLOR. 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
rooms; $10 and $12^
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TURK. 126—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekpg; closet; running water; no children.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Large sunny housekeeping
rooms: private family: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg. rms.; wk. $1 to $2 60; day 25c to 60c.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite or single; flrst-clas»
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 104SA Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Poet St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, IIS — Clean sunny rooms, $8 and up per
month; also housekeeping; cheap.
ELLIS. 659, corner Larkin— Bunny room; fold-
ing bed; gas and bath.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GRANT aye.. 17, near Market— Sunny suite;
also single rooms; transient solicited.
GLOBK House, 821 Howard— Per night, 26c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, 542— Part of a sunny flat; 2, 3 or S
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
quiei home; $1 a week.
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell st.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and slngl. rms.; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
MARKET, 1007H— Changed hands; suites or sin-
glfe; Teas. MRS KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MINNA. 24n^t— Large sunny front room suita-
ble for 2 and other rooms; $2 and $1 a week.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 327— Fine large front room; gTate
and gas; one or two gentlemen; $10.
O'FARRELL, 691— Nicely furnished room*.
POST, 1018— Large front alcove, well furnished;
grate, gas; bath.
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 160S, corner Larkin— Sunny
corner bay-window room; private family;
rent reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SIXTH, 136 — Room suitable for two; light
housekeeping allowed.
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms, single
or en suite; very reasonable; also hoi sekpg.
SUTTER, 114S, corner Polk— Newly furnished
sunny suites and single; also suite for doc-
tor's office.
TAYLOR, 209— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room for 2 gents; private; $16.
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth st., corner How-
ard—Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single. 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 9— Handsome sunny bay-
window alcove; private residence; modern
conveniences; terms low.
VAN NESS aye., 300— Sunny double parlors,
suitable for doctor or dentist: also single rm;
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike: terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH 822— Changed hands; sunny alcove room;
also other rooms, '.vlth board: table board.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia st.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 pentle-
men; home cooking; parlor, pla.no; $22 50 each.
ROOM and board for 3 gents In private family.
Address or call 392 Fifth st.
VAN NESS aye.. 519 — Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
STORES TO LET.
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first
floor: for doctor or business; terms reas-
onable.
STORE and lanre brick basement: rent to-
gether or separate; cheap. 3162 Sixteenth St.,
near Valencia.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2538 Mission st.
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome — Handsome large
store; very cheap to good tenant.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
OFFICE WANTEJO.
WANTED — To rent, part of office in centrally
located, modern office building. Address, with
particulars. Specialty, box 1321. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; nrices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in «ocd second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 anl
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
Ftelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR $250 we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered in this city: guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make: our own building; terms to
suit the smallest pocket. Scott-Curta. Piano
Company. 660 Hayes st.
MAGNIFICENT Hardman upright Just from
factory; case slightly damaged in shipping;
bargain. THE J. DEWING CO., Becond floor,
Flood building.
BENJ CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for dick-
ering, Steck. Vof* and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell gt.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAtTVAIS. 7E» Market st.
! $60— UPRIGHT piano: Kood tune; for sale on
| $5 installments. 1113 Post st.
AN elegant Stg'pway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
LARGE F. L. Neumann piano for sale; cheap.
759 Capp st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schm lts,
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano <-heap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNQ. 218 McAllister.
"AD" smallest ; prices lowest; uprights, $71 ap;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new i '.yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrel' st.
i SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. C T^atham ;.lace.
educational.
a~Tr^tTca_Teducation.
A 3 years' course In the night school at the
Young Men's Christian Association, 6 months
of the year: studies In bookkeeping, arith-
metic, algebra, geometry, mechanical, archi-
tectural and free-hand drawing, stenography
and typewriting, elocution, English, German,
Spanish, electricity, civics and good citizen-
ship, physiology and hygiene; International
examinations held and certificates given, rec-
ognized by over 60 colleges and universities
in different parts of the country; special In-
ducement to young men; call or send for edu-
cational prospectus; membership ticket In-
cludes all other privileges, lectures, enter-
tainments, university extension course, gym-
naulum, instruction In swimming, etc. H. J.
McCOY, General Secretary.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AYREB' Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, ttlegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $59; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Market
st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
ZITHER lessons given" by MAX MAIER, 626
Turk St., bet. Larkin and Polk.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day& eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 57! Parrott bldg.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting frea
when plates are ordered; consultation Tree.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
NO pain! No paint Lowest prices In the city l .
Work guaranteed; teeth without plates a spe-
cialty; full set of teeth, extracting free, $4 50
up; gold crowns, 22k, $3 50 up; fillings, 25c
up. Electro-Dental Clinic, suite 7, Flood
building. 809 Market st. Office hours, 9 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2 p. m.
A FULL set of teeth. $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 60: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 113 J.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. $1 up: silver, 25c
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of Dalnless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'FaiTell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 26c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, $4; filling, gold 50c, sliver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fll lings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1820 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk xt.
a^ttorneysTat^ilawl
ADVICHJ free— W. P. ADAMS, 622 Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.; charges
moderate.
ADVICE) free: divorce laws: private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
CITT Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market St., room 7.
L S CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance
i ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Mark.t st.
STJiRAGE.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offic* 101 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 6711.
PERSONALS. '
SEE ; the handsome skirts .and fur garments;
prices reduced: at HODGE'S, 9(B Market st.
GENTLEMAN In good standing wishes to cor-
respond with a lady between 30 and 45; object
matrimony. Address bolt 1803. Call office.
WITH proper care you can have a good head of
hair. Use Lederer's Qulnonla. 35c bot. G.
LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. .;■■"-
TOOTHACHE— Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
I IMPORT dlrct from Paris, London and Ber-
lin. I buy in large quantities and retail at
wholesale prices. G. LEDEREII, 111 Stockton
St.. hair dealer. Hair dressing 25c only.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market!' 200 rooms,
! Joe to *1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and ram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; " diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. I*.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
.-''.. DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR, 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty; reasonable. ■-... '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm3. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you. how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore lost affec-
tions; . unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth. _
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight: diag-
nosis disease with full life reading: la. 50c;
gents $1: palm & clair. ; sit n 50. 128 Turk.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. IQ49A Market St.;
The Balboa. ,-vj ■ -
MME. LENEMAR: fortune by planets; pre-
dicted overdue itmr, Gould in '74. 23V£ 6th. r.3.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: t6c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; "5c up. . 6 Fourth st.
MME. 6YBILLE, cradle '• to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 26c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
fci'IRITI'ALISM. ' !
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; • has
removed from 34 to 2S Sixth Ft., room 3.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght st. -- -
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Men.. 8. 25c: sittings SI. 233 Valencia st.
■ MEDICAL. * ~
? ■ '■"■"■? ■""'?'" ~~? : ? - '?JV-T?? J V-T?" J v~/?
WHY - : :.v" . CUT
Many a life has been sacrificed by much
needless suffering Inflicted by those who rely
upon the knife as the chief remedy for affec-
tions of | the female sexual organs, when a
more rational treatment could have been suc-
cessfully pursued by using. Vltalism-Cardine
for weak heart. Cerebrine for brain fag, etc.,
Ovarine . for amenorrhea. hysteria, sterility;
Uterine for nervous exhaustion, etc.; great
restoratives and vltalizers; they strengthen
weakened organs; drugs only Irritate. ,v
THE
TREATMENT
$gßM*~i 'r-:-- ... OF 1893.
Uterine wafers restore promptly, positively
and permanently all monthly Irregularities.
When every other method fails write or call
on DR. ROUXEL, 323 Kearny st.
Hours 10 to 4 and 7 to 3 p. m.
ALL cases jof . monthly ' Irregularities restored
Instantly ' (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
v treatment have never been known to fail:
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all these
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
Bt. ; pills. $1; very strong. $2.'
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sura; no danger of after ef-
fects;, taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price SI 60 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of prlc*; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant, aye., S. F. A — Befor* pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her. own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure;' no medi-
cine or instruments, used; consultation free;
raves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5 By the well-known ladies' physician for
87 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly • all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, 15; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours, 8 a.m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; S3 50;
expresped C. O. D. ; don't, delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2 50. 552 Castro, • cor. • 7th, Oakland.
MRS. . ACHARD, midwife: • sunny, . pleasant
home In confinement. 156 P"n.nd at. —
. HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, - 220 Valencia st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, . buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ■ ■
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
. LEGAL NOTICES, v
TO satisfy bottomry bond, etc., the steamer
Clara and barge Monarch, now on the Yukon
river, are offered for sale to the highest bid-
der. Direct offers to WADE, CLARK &
WILSON, Attorneys for Plaintiff, . Dawson
City N. W. T., Yukon District. '
September 12, 1398. -- ' • •-*:.■%
IN the Superior Court of the City .and I County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE.
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. No. 65.884. Action brought in . the
Superior Court, City and County of San Fran-
cisco State of California, and the complaint
filed In said City and County of San Fran-
cisco In the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court. The people of the State of Cali-
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA
RICE defendant. ' You, are hereby • required
to appear In an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff In the Superior
Court City and County of - San - Francisco.
State 'of California, and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, if served within this
county; or, If served elsewhere, within thirty
days The said action ;Is brought to obtain
a Judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon ,' the
ground of defendant's' willful desertion, also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
• In the complaint' on file, '■_ to which special
j ' reference is hereby made, i All of which ■ will
more fully appear In the complaint on file
herein to which you are hereby referred. , And
you are hereby notified ' ; that If you ; fall -. to
appear , and • answer the paid complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
• to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said Su-
perior Court at the City and County of .'San
Francis:"'!, State of California, this 13th day
of October In - the year -of our :, Lord, ' one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
rc ea j 1 C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
' .- By N. .E-MAISON. Deputy Clerk. ■-.■■: ;:^
;■■..:> ■/'■'.-■' TO LEASE. ■•'-,: ;r--.-;; r --.-; ■■.-'.• o-'- '•• '
OIL '■ territory to ' lease" on royalty. Address
Royalty, box 1032, Call office. '_
. ..• : -■■■ "■ .„
CITY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— To buy cottage and lot; $100 down.
$20 to $25 a month. JOHN NELSON. 613 Hyde.
ELEVENTH, Branch office oi The Call.
. Subscriptions and ads taken. - ■ ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
TO rent— A email orchard, with good house,
barn and < chicken yard, near Oakland and
San Leandro electric railroad. Driver, ABER
& CO., San Leandro.
160 ACRES fine creek land; Coos County, Or.
$5 per acre. Apply at 615 Sacramento st.
: PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
REDWOOD road property, 100x190, with good
. 4- room . house; modern; for Oakland. Ala-
meda, Berkeley or San Francisco - lots or
ranch. 1665 Twenty-fourth aye. By letter,
P. P.. 1606 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
2 ACRES choice fruit; new cottage, 5 rooms,
bath;; 7- foot basement; fine artesian well,
windmill, tank house; Kencil aye., 2 blocks
. from San Leandro ■ road, near power house,
.Elmhurst. Apply to ALBERT SCHMIDT, 1122
Thirteenth aye., East . Oakland.
A BARGAIN— S273O; 4H acres; 6-room house;
■ barn, chicken houses; all complete; plenty of
fruit; near Frultvale aye. Inquire at once,
' Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 Eighth st.
9 ROOMS; fine corner; central; rent reason-
able; don't miss seeing this place. E. E.
BUNCE 908 Broadway. Oakland.
$1400— ROOMS: good house: central: don't fail
to see It at once: worth $2200. E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland, s
$6000—2 CLEAR houses in Oakland for exchange
for level lan! near Santa Rosa, and pay $500
cash difference. P. O. box 420. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station, Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND * FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHEL.I*-
HAAB' old *tor>. 40* Eleventh «t. 3»i hi-n.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA9IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 1
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2SOO — New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
$650— LOT 50x149; street work and walk; $250
cash; 2 flats. 4 rooms each and lot. $1450;
part cash. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
- BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park St..
Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR — At a bargain; house of 4 rooms and
basement; lot 50x135; fine view: only 3 blocks
North Berkeley depot: price $800; worth $1200.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
5-room cottage; bath, laundry: lVi acres;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dingtcn, 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on th« market:
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to Q. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome St., 8. F. , . ;
FOR SALE — $3500; new 7-room house: all
latest improvements; near the ■ university:
large lot : street work all done. ' JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest . rates, without
> removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., abov*
Sixth; telephone South 14. -..•.»
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. : telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell, st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick: confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
BORROW from the. CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason, opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.- ' ■
MONEY WANTED. ; \ V
Capital wanted for development of oil ter-
ritory on a share *of ' profits. Address Oil
Capital,. box 1030. Call office. . ;. .;.- ; j
' ; ; FINANCIAL. '■■:-. : :,'[
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. ■ SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John J. Doyle aitt^ Katherlne O'Donnell 28-23
Henrlch Prenzel -and Anna 5p1e5ke.:......35-38
H.irrien Van TasseM and Enid Hurst. 23-23
Herbert L. McCtillun\and Jessie B. Tandy. 2l-27
' BIBTHS— MHT7TVMPT 1 ? fflPliTff?
mnllloT~lKiAntir^lJho"rlJnAlil^i
BOBKT.
ACKLEY— In Palo Alto, October 27. 1898, to
'..the wife, of Edward - Ackley, a daughter.
CLARK— in Alameda,' October 31. IS9B, to the
wife of Lincoln Clark, a daughter.-
ISAAC— In this city, . October 31, IS9B, to the
wife of Adolph Isaac, a son.
SCHUBERT— In this city, October 80, 1898, to
the wife of H. Q. Schubert, a son.
MARRIED..
CARMAN— In Oakland, at the resi-
dence of the bride's parents, by the Rev.
Robert E. Ritchie, Clyde Davenport Carman
and Isabelle Louise Taylor, both of Oakland.
DIED.
Bell, James Llttlefleld. Loamml
Bond, William W. r McAvoy, Emma •• .• ■
Calif, Hammit ■' Madden, James J. "
Carleton. Frank E. Mahoney, John F.
Cllne. Mary J. Miller. Margaret
Curtin. Thomas Nile, Joseph
Densmore. Frank Noon, Martin '
• Fleming, Catherine Parker. Clarence H.
Gaillard. Marie Rechel. Rachael D.
Garry. Michael ' Roberts. George F.
: Jane. Jane ■• • Sllverla, Joaquln J.
Johnson. Cardelia A. Taylor. John ■•.•
Journeay, Arthur Tewhlll, Mary A.
Keating, Robert Thorner. Joseph W.
Kerr, J. W. Weltner, Anton : • ■ '.
King. William Weniger, Charles
BELL— .the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 3, 189S, James Bell/ a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 31 years. -
BOND — In South San ' Francisco, November 3,
IS9B, ' William Walter, dearly beloved son iof
Thomas and Maggie • Bond, , beloved brother
of James T. Bond, grandson of Annie and the
late James Beatty, nephew of Mrs. H. Kel-
lum of Oakland, Mrs. J. R. Lindsay, James
A. and William T. Beatty, Henry H. Bond
and J. R. Lindsay, and cousin of Bella Lind-
say and Tillle Beatty. a native of South San
Francisco, aged 12 years and 7 months. .
■ ICTFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1007 M street, near Eleventh
avenue, South San Francisco. v Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. ." . -.. ■■'■■■:
CALIF— In .the City and County Hospital, : No-
. vember 4. 1898, ■ Hammit ' Calif/ a native of
' Algiers, aped 65 years. r
CARLETON— In ■ this city. : November 8, 1898,
Frank E:/' beloved son of Andrew and Alice
- Carleton, and . brother of Mrs. • Alice : Hubert.
Mrs. Myrtle Ames and William, Mary. Ben-
" jamin ■ and Thomas ■ Carleton. • a native •of
Portland, 1 Or., r aced 7 years. .
CLINE— In this city, November 4. 1898, Mary.
Jane, wife of William .: Cline, a native of
England. . :
CURTIN— In the City and County Hospital,
• November 4, 1898/ Thomas Curtin. a native
of New York, aged 38 years. ;/ . • s
DENSMORE— In 1 this I city, November 2, 1898,
Frank ; Densmore, late of Yukon, Alaska, a
native fof MrUne, aged 43 years. • .
■ BTTFriends and acquaintances r are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ■ this ; day
(Saturday). . at 3:30 o'clock, ; . from- the , parlors
of Halsted - & Co., ' 946 : Mission street. -. Re-
; mains to bo shipped ;to Auburn, ; Me.  ..' .' '■:-.
FLEMING— In , this 3 city, ; . November/. 3. i 1S?8..
- Catherine, relict of John Fleming, and mother
of Nora E. and the late Peter J. Fleming and
Mary A. Sullivan, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 77 years.
: ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- ,
dence, 935% Guerrero: street, thence" to St.
James . Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will ;
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GAILLARD— In this city, November 4, 1898,
Marie, beloved wife of Leon Galllard, and
mother of Adele and Bertha Gaillard, a na-
tive of Belgium, aged 44 years. --■' ••/. •
'• r Friend3 and ,- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late rest-;
dence. 1108 Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, thence to .
St. Peter's Church, where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARRY— In this city, November 4, 1898, Mich- •
ael, beloved husband of the late Delta Garry/
and father of John and Edward Garry and the
late Hannah Green, a native of County Mayo.
Ireland, aged 70 years.
E7*Fr;ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday;, at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his son, John Garry. 279 A Harriet street,
thence to St: James Church for services: In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JANE— this city, November 3, 1898, Jane
Jane, beloved mother of William T. and
Mabel A. Jane, a native of England, aged 58
years. (Sacramento papers please copy.) '
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty- ■
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. : ," ■•.-':
JOHNSON— In this city, November 4. 1898. Car-
delia A., beloved wife of Robert Johnson,
and mother of Mrs. Sam de Mooy, a native
cf Buffalo, N. 1., aged 48 years 7 months and
IS days.
JOURNEAY— In this city, November 3, 1595, Ar-
thur, dearly beloved son of Albert and Ell*
: Journeay, and grandson of Mrs. Seryanlvlch, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months
and 20 days. ■• - . •". ■■ ' ■ -
Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1120 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . .-.-**'
KEATING— In this city/November 3. 1898, :
Robert, beloved husband of Julia Keating,
' and brother of Mrs. Martin Connor and the '
late Mrs. Catherine Keneflck, a native of the
parish of Clerihan, County Tipperary," Ireland,
. aged 46 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth';
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where .
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . . .
KERR— In Millbrae. November 3, 1898, J. Wy,
beloved husband of Mrs. Mary Kerr, father
of Joseph, Maggie and . Alice Kerr, ; and :
, brother of Thomas, Robert, Joseph, John and
Rosa Kerr, a native of Canada, aged 46 years.
A member of San Mateo Lodge No. 192. A. O.
U. W. -ft
IC7'Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In Millbrae, thence to St. Ann's Church,
Colma, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, at 10:80
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; a '■-
KING— In this city, November 3, 1898, William,
beloved husband of Catherine ■ King, and
father of Mrs. Mary K. Landrum uad Tlllie
King, a native of Brlxham, Devonshire. Eng-
land, aged 77 years 6 months and 6 days. .
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post
street, under the auspices of Mlantonomab
Tribe No. 9, Imp. O. R. M., services to com-
mence at 2 o'clock. ■ Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. AX'
LITTLEFIELD— this city. November 3. 1898,
Loamml, beloved husband of Ellen ' Little-
field, and father of May and George Little-
field, a native of Wells, Me., aged 72 years
> 6 months and 13 days. ~ • '-' , • . ::_'>-.
McAVOY —In this city, November 8. 1898,
Emma, beloved daughter of Michael and
Katie McAvoy, and sister of Frank, Barbara
and Eddie McAvoy,' a native of San Fran-
cisco, a«ed 14 years and 2 days. . . - , C-
Friends and acquaintances are respect?;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 227 Twenty-seventh .street,
. near Dolores. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
• tery. ' . , - '• ' T< -. •
MADDEN— this city, November 3, 1898,
I James J., beloved husband of Margaret Mad-
den, son of James and Mary Madden, and
brother of Nellie Madden, a native of San
Francisco, p.ged 29 years. .>.
IC^Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IS Folsom- avenue, off Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of j his soul .
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. . .
MAHONEY— Fresno, November 2, IS9B. John
F., beloved husband of Angela Mahoney, son
of the late Edward and Elizabeth Mahoney,
and brother, of Eugene and Edwr.rd Mahoney.
Mrs. William J. Forde and E. < R. Moffitt, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 45 years. • •.
■ ETFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'• (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Moffltt. 129 Tierce street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, November 4. 1898. Mar-
garet Miller, dearly beloved mother of Lottie
and Charlie Miller and Mrs. J. Zammitt. and
grandmother of Kitty Zammitt, ' a native of
Germany, aced 63 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are . respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12^s Washington avenue, ■ between
'Mission and Howard. Ninth and Tenth
. streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ;. .
NILE— In this city. November 3, 189S, Joseph
Nile, a native of England, aged 54 years.:
" (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of.
the California Undertaking Company, south-
west corner of Geary and Stockton streets, .
under the auspices' of Court Alliance No\
7506, A. O. F. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
NOON— this city, November 3, 1898, Martin,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Noon,
and father of Mary and Mattie Noon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 63 years. :•'.'
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ■ funeral - this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1G White street, off Vallelo, between
Hyde and Larkin, thence to :t. Bridget's
Church, where a requiem high mass will •be
celebrated for the repose of his soul," com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. -. : \ . "o - -' m
PARKER— In this city, November 4, 1898, of
diphtheria, Clarence - H., eldest son of Ida
C. and the late Frank M. Parker, and grand-
son 1 1 Mrs. Marie C. Haller of San Francisco
and Mr. W. W. Parker of Atlantic. lowa, a
native of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 6 years and 16
RECHEL— In this city. November 4. IS9B,
. Rachel D. 8., beloved wife of ] Christian
Rechel. mother of W. Arthur, Nellie and J.
Gilbert Rechel, and sister of Nellie and
' Henry Burner, a native of Ohio, aged 53
years" and 18 days. _ , '_, '
Notice of funeral in Sunday morning^
ROBERTS— In this city. November 3, 1898.
George F beloved husband of Alice E. Rob-
; crts, and father of George, Percy, Valentine
and Clayton Roberts, a native of England. .)
aged 49 years. acquaintances are respect-
V?" Friends an a acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan. 1705 Sacramento street,
near Polk. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by electric car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock. • "., /, -
SILVERIA-Ir 1 this city, Joaauin Joseph, be-
loved husband of Mariana Carolota Silveria.
and father of Mamie and Joseph Silveria, a
native of ■ Portugal, ; aged 58 years and 7
months. . r ". '
TAYLOR— In Oakland. November 3. 1898, John,
beloved husband of Martha Taylor of Lafay-
ette Contra Costa County, a native of Mis-
souri, aeed 78 years.
it? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the M. E. Church
at Lafayette, Contra Costa County.
TEWHILL-In this city. November 3, 189 S.
Mary Ann. beloved wife of John Tewhlll, and
mother of John Gahan, a native of New
York, aared 70 years.
Friends and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1807 Ellis street. .
THORNER— In this city, ' Novei-ber 1. . 1893,
Joseph W., dearly beloved ron of the late
Catherine and John F. Thorner, and devoted
brother of Mrs. M. H. Becher and Mrs. John-
Walters, ■■ a native of ' Philadelphia, • aged tl
years. '
lE?" Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 = o'clock, from his late
residence, 1219 Pacific street, : thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness -. avenue, corner
of Broadway, where a high mass will be said
for the repose of his soul, commencing at. 9
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery. " . ;
WEITNER— this city/ November 4. ■ 1898,
Anton, beloved husband of Hannah Weitner
(nee Kennedy), - and * son-in-law of the late
. Mary Sands, a native of • Germany, aged 43
ycar3 and 10 months.
- tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
. : dence 16% Mops street, between Sixth and
Seventh... thence to B'nai E'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street, where the services will be held
commencing at 1:30 o'clock sharp, under . the
auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. and A
M Members of Court Eucliean No. 6932. F. of „
A., also members of Ivy Lodge No. 1716. K.
of H., are invited to attend. Interment Ma- ,
Cemetery- Vallejo, November 3, jMW.*:|
WENIGER— In Vallejo, November 3, 1898,
Charles, beloved husband of Fredericka Weni-
cer and father of Mrs. J. V. Miller. Mrs.
Rudolph Miller. Mrs. F. K. Hunt and Charles.
George and P. J. Wenlger, a native of Prus-
•' sia a<r<»d 74 years 1 month and 21 days. \ ' ■
C?The funeral, which. will be private., will =
be from the family residence on the Benicia .
road this da? -(Saturday), at 1 o'clock. . - ■-■; .-
A B '■' GALLAGHER : Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
' ' HENRY "J. GALLAGHER CO.. '
Successors to > Flanagan .'& Gallagher), .<■:':
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ; EMBALMKRS.
. •; 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1112
BARRY SUED TO
COMPEL HIM
TO PAY TAXES
Democratic Candidate
in the Courts.
OWES TAXES SINCE 1892
TAX COLLECTOR EASILY PROVES
HIS CASE.
Barry Makes No Denial, but Tries to
Evade Judgment Through
the Use of Tech
nicalities.
The power of the courts has been In
voked to compel James H. Barry, the
Democratic candidate for Congress, to
pay his taxes. As far back as the year
1892 Mr. Barry was a delinquent, while
the Tax Collector's books for 1894. 1895
end 1596 show unpaid claims against him
aggregating to-day, with penalties, costs,
etc, about $400.
Some of the cases against Barry were
brought to trial yesterday afternoon in
Justice Barry's court. W. M. Willetts,
special counsel for the collection of de
linquent taxes, represented the city and
county, while Attorney O'Keefe appeared
for the defendant.
The proceedings opened at 3 p. in., when
the prosecution introduced the booka of
the Tax Collector's office in evidence to
Bhow that Barry owed the money. Mr.
"vViiletts then moved for an immediate
Judgment, stating that he had no need
to offer further testimony, the Judge be
ing familiar with the statutes covering
all such cases.
O'Keefe raised objection on purely tech
nical grounds. He said tnat it had not
been shown that Willetts or anybody else
had been authorized to bring the suits;
that so far as he knew the Supervisors
had no power to collect delinquent taxes,
and that the whole proceeding was ir
regular. He made no attempt to refute
the testimony that Barry owed the taxes
to the city and county, refusing to make
answer when pressed on this point by the
opposing counsel. O'Keefe was evidently
playing to secure a continuance until
after next Tuesday, and pleaded that he
■wanted to "prepare some authorities for
presentation to the court."
Judge Barry checkmated his little game
by saying that he would grant a contin
uance for one day, and that would give
the legal representative of Mr. Barry time
to get his authorities in shape. O'Keefe
■was obliged to admit that the time was
sufficient, and the case accordingly went
over until 2 o'clock this afternoon, when
there is no possible way for Barry to es
cape a decision against him.
O'Keefe stated after the court ad
journed that he proposed to take an ap
peal to the Superior Court, which shows
that he expects to lose his case. Candi
date Barry did not condescend to appear,
as it was only a matter of such slight im
portance as beating the city out of money
due on taxes.
HAS MADE HIS LAkT ARREST.
Detective "Abe" Anthcny Dying at
Gilroy Hot Springs.
A gloom was cast over the members of !
the detective force yesterday when word j
was received that Detective Anthony was
seriously ill at the Gtlroy Hot Springs.
According to a man who had just arrived
from the springs. Anthony was danger
ously ill and likely to die. A dispatch waa
at onoe sent to the manager of the resort,
asking him to find out the condition of the
well-known detective. In a short time an
answer wa» received saying that Antnony
could not live.
"Honest Abe," as he is lamiliarly known
to his fellow-officers, several days ago
asked Captain of Detectives Bohen for a
leave of absence. "I don't feel just right,"
be remarked, "and I would like to take a
vacation."
As he did not appear to be well, Cap
tain Bohen advised him to go to the
springs and take a much-needed rest. To
his fellow-detectives just before leaving
police headquarters Anthony remarked
that he did not think he would ever re
turn.
• "It's all up with me, boys," he lugubri
ously remarked. "I guess I've made my
last arrest."
"It is too bad," Badly remarked Captain
Bohen when he heard the news. "Abe
Twas one of the best fellows I ever met.
He was always kind and considerate, and
•as a detective he; ranked with the best
men in the department. Hie loss will be
a great blow to all of us."
Anthony has been connected with the
Police Department for nearly twenty
years, and is held in high esteem
by Chief Lees and the Police Commis
sioners.
Will Move to Menlo Park.
Professor Ira G. Hoitt. proprietor of
*Hoitt's school at Burlingame. has nego
tiated the purchase of the Atherton place,
near Menlo Park, and will make it the
permanent home of Hoitt's School. The
3>lace contains fifty-one acres, a large
mansion and other buildings, orchards,
vineyards, etc., and a good artesian well
of fine, pure water. When the altera
V ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■. *r *>"» 7, Every woman wears
M__4fi£c_^k-_ a crown who is the
H_£3«2?t-^H*IS mother of a healthy
Bcp s^^j baby. The mother of
f«si r Xwf ' a .P l un: > sickly, pee-
te*SS §3tsQ vish baby bears a
§ *~ ik. « /i<^\ cross. It rests with
P &'£rt&&\il\ every woman to de-
* *vfr :^^^ 1 i cide for herself which
y j^»'" Jl /^jhL \ kind of a mother she
v • y^^/\rj^<r\l_^J The woman who
;■ t/i^-^T^I3J--i takes the right
J&V^y IV^S// care ,of , herself
t^r-/ > %X^/7 fF=l during.the months ,
.1-I'. \vsv/ |\Vr4 preceding ma-
: Yti 1 ! I\\V (/ //l\rT ternity may - rest
I I 1\ "^ //if content in the as-
, I | \ /ill surance that her:
'/ L \\ /ill baby will be a'
ifcvil M r) \hk strong, healthy, ■
ff \) p )/ I % \] happy one. The
* *Ja/2» //. /V-v woman who suf- :
I*^3* IS a _£L'^* fers from disor- 1
%^^C^J ms^'^^" . Jders of the dis-;
_rS.--?;:i ■ . tinctly I feminine [
'organism during this critical period, and .
'fails to resort to the right remedy, is pretty |
.sore to have a puny, peevish, sickly baby,
• :^Dorn into the world with the seeds of weak- !
.ness and disease already implanted in its
Httle body. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
Ascription is the best- of all medicines for
prospective mothers. It imparts health, ,
■ o strength, vigor, and elasticity to the deli- j
« cate and important organs that bear the i
a brunt of motherhood. It prepares a wo-
i man for the time of trial and danger.: , It
3 strengthens and invigorates, and insures the
perfect well-being and absolute health of •■
: Doth mother and 1 child. It does away with
the squeamishness of the interesting pe- ; ,
riod. It makes sure an ample supply of .
I nourishment for the little new-comer. It
. > transforms weak, , sickly, nervous and de-
spondent invalids into healthy, happy
.J wives and mothers. Thousands of homes ,
* to which babies once came to stay but for a
1 brief day and then die, norv bless this won-
"» derful medicine for the gift of happy,
- healthful babies. .
I The dealer who tries to persuade yon to
j take some: other medicine, than that you •
ask for insults your- intelligence. ;
' ; " The best doctor* in Kansas City told me that
i unless I went to the hospital and nad an opera-
f tion performed I could not live, ".'writes Miss
? Broohie Galloway, ot ■Wilder,' Johnson - Co.,
I Kans. "I had u'lceration and weakness, and
- each month I would get down in bed and suffer _
. ■< severely for twenty four hours. v Four bottles of
' your ' Favorite Prescription ' cured me."
'.' For constipation — Dr. Pierces Pellets. -
tions and improvements, which will be
commenced at once and which will cost
several thousand dollars, are completed,
the place will be well adapted for its
purpose. It is the Intention of Dr. Hoitt
to have everything ready for occupation
in the early part of January.
LIEUT. COL. WAGNER HERE.
He Ib Assigned to the Command of
the Presidio by General Merriam.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wagner,
Fourth Cavalry, arrived in the city yes
terday morning and reported to Major
General Merriam. He was immediately
assigned to the command of the Presidio
by the department commander, Major
Kenzie, who has been in temporary com
mand for the past few days, being re
lieved.
Colonel Wagner was promoted as a ma
jor from the Fifth Cavalry some months
ago, and was ordered to report here, but
was given a sick leave by the War De
partment, which was on several occasions
extended. Colonel Wagner is an old sol
dier, with a record for gallantry and
bravery of which he may well be proud.
He distinguished himself in the last war
and was brevetted captain for conspicuous
gallantry before Petersburg, Va_, in the
memorable fight of the Crater. Colonel
Wagner is a native of Germany. Ho en
listed in the army in 1856 as a private. Hia
soldierly qualities gained him early notice,
and he was rapidly promoted through the
various non-commissioned offices until he
was finally made second lieutenant in 1863
and assigned to the Eleventh Infantry.
One year later he was promoted to a first
lieutenancy. In 1566 Colonel Wagner was
transferred to the Twenty-ninith Infantry
and three years after his transfer was
made captain. In 1871 he was assigned to
the First Cavalry. With this regiment he
served nineteen years, until he received
his commission as major, when he was
transferred to the Fifth, which was in
1800. Only a few months ago he received
his promotion to the rank of lieutenant
colonel, and was transferred to the
Fourth, two troops of which are now sta
tioned here at the Presidio.
Major Edward Field. Second Artillery,
acting inspector general, has been ordered
by General Merriam to proceed to Hono
lulu for the purpose of making his annual
inspection or the troops and supplies sta
tioned there. Major Field will sail on the
Newport on Tuesday, and will return to
GREAT REPUBLICAN PARADE TO=NIGHT.
Clubs Will March to Woodward's Pavilion in a Column of Three
Divisions — Rockets, Music, Shells and Red Fire Will Signal
the Advance of the Multitude of Spectators.
IT was not contemplated nntil yesterday that a parade of Republican organizations should be a
feature of to-night's demonstration, but it was found that the zeal and enthusiasm of the clubs
could not be repressed. Club after club pressed forward, determined to march and shout for
Gage and Neff and Patton, whether authorized or not to form a general line. Late last night it was
decided to form the marching column into three divisions, as follows :
FIRST DIVISION— Union league Drill Corps; Army and Navy Republican League; Howard Club;
Fremont Club; Twenty-Eighth, Twenty-Ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-First, Thirty-Second, Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District Clubs.
SECOND DIVISION — Phoenix Club Drill Corps; Continental League; Olympia Club; Dewey Club; As
sociated League United Labor Clubs; Thirty-Fifth, Thirty-Sixth, Thirty-Seventh, Thirty-Eighth, Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Assembly District Clubs.
THIRD DIVISION— Bear Club Drill Corps; Young Men's Republican League; Harbor Club; Hobson
Club; Gage Republican Club; Argonaut Club; Forty -First, Forty-Second, Forty-Third, Forty-Fourth and
Forty-Fifth Assembly District Clubs.
There will be numerous bands of music, shells, rockets, flags and a brilliant display of red
fire. The column will move from Market and New Montgomery streets at 8 P. M. and march to
Woodward's Pavilion.
• Efforts will be made to give the thousands of spectators a chance to see and cheer the
marching legion of confident Republicans.
this city as soon as he has made his in
spection.
. The sailing of the City of Puebla has
been delayed a (lay. As told in Tne Call,
there was some change made in the troops
assigned to the vessel. The Newport was
very crowded, so at the suggestion of
General Miller the detachment of Cali
fornia Heavy Artillery was transferred to
the City of Puebla. This latter transport
will sail to-morrow. She will be overtaken
by the Newport before she reaches Hono
lulu.
A military board was in session yester
day examining into the condition of Cap
tain G. R. Palmer of the Alger Ught Bat
tery Captain Palmer has been sick for
some time, and he is thought to be in an
unfit condition to command the battery.
TUG ASHORE AND BARK
COLUMBIA IN PERIL
Wallowa Stranded on Mary Island
While Coming Down
From Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 4.— j
The steamer City of Seattle, from Skag- :
uay Alaska, reports the tug Wallowa
asbore on Mary Island. She was coining
south with the bark Columbia in tow and i
went ashore at high tide. She is reported
as being in a perilous position. The Co- ■
lumbla is anchored so close tbat in the
event of a storm she Js liable to go ashore.
The Constitutional Convention.
Both the Labor Council and the Build-
Ing Trades Council have declared in favor
of a constitutional convention, and it is
probable that a mass-meeting will be
held at which the matter will be fully
discussed. The Building Trades Council
has left the matter in the hands of the
law and legislative committee with full
power to act.
DEVIL, AN EARTHLY LANDLORD.
There is only one spot on the earth's
surface that has actually been willed,
deeded and bequeathed to his Satanic
majesty. This spot lies four miles and
a half south of Helsingfors, Finland.
A few years ago Lara Huilariene died
in the little town of Pielisjarvi, in the
above-named country, leaving consid
erable property In the shape of landed
estate. How he had come into posses
sion of so much land no one seemed to
know, but as he was a very bad citizen
it was generally admitted that he was
In league with Wintahausu (Satan),
and that they had many business deals
with each other.
This somewhat startling opinion was
verified when on Huilariene was found
a certified warranty deed, giving to
Satan all his earthly possessions.
The will was to the same effect. The
family have repeatedly tried to break
the will, but so far have been unsuc
cessful. Thus the records plainly show
that his sulphuric majesty has a legal
right and title to some excellent
grounds in the near vicinity of Helsing
fors.
The simple people of the neighbor
hood have changed the course of the
road which for.nerly skirted the Huil
ariene homestead, and declare that they
would not enter the possessions of
Satan & Co. for all the money that the
three estates would bring. — Pearson's
Journal.
"A gentleman whose wife and daugh
ter have run away from home for a
holiday, leaving him in charge of a
baby, who, although fairly well, ap
pears to be cutting teeth, earnestly de
sires that they will return home at
once," and advertises the fact In the
London Standard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898.
MISS CAMERON
HAD MARRIED
MEREDITH
Had Two Witnesses
Against Fong Suey.
HARRY HUFF MAKES DENIAL
THE CHINESE BUREAU SCANDAL
GROWS HOTTER.
Chance That the Procuress May Be
Arrested at Hongkong if the
Authorities Are Vigi
lant.
It now seems pretty generally conceded
that Fong Suey Wan, the procuress, is
on the high seas on her way to China,
and that it will be useless to eearch for
her in this State. It Is understood that
the Federal authorities have cabled to
Hongkong to arrest the woman on her
arrival at that port, but this report has
not been verified.
Harry Huff, the interpreter, whose
name has been mixed up disagreeably in
connection with the crooked work of the
bureau, denies that he brought to the
Presbyterian Mission th» certificate of
residence of the woman. His denial Is
based on the truth, and he is entitled
to whatever benefit may accrue to him
from that fact. His connection with the
affair was related to a Call reporter yes
terday by Miss D. Cameron, matron
of the Presbyterian Chinese Home Mis
sion on Sacramento street.
"While Mr. Meredith and other mem
bers of the bureau were at the home here
examining the girls captured in the raid,"
said Miss Cameron, "one of our lady in
terpreters informed me that Harry Huff
was of the party, and she wanted to
know why he had been put on the raid.
\\> have heard a good deal about Mr.
Huff, and that is why we thought It
strange that he should be working with
the Government officials. I went into the
parlor where Mr. Meredith and the oth
ers were and I saw Mr. Huff with a pa
per in his hand. He was saying to Mr.
Meredith that Kong Suey's papers were
all right and that she be discharged. Mr.
Meredith was about to give the order, but
I informed him that I had two Chinese
women in the Mission who had identified
Fong Suey as the woman who had sold
them here, and that I wanted her to be
held and prosecuted for felony. Mr. Huff's
face, after I had made that statement,
was as black as a thundercloud, and Mr.
Meredith ordered that Fong Sitey should
be detained.
"I must say of Mr. Meredith," contin
ued Miss Cameron, "that he has always
been very polite to us, and has always
shown a disposition to do us favors and
to help us along in our work."
THE PRIEST AJJD
JHE f OLIJICI/^
By JJLICE RIX
Ir\j\lext Sunday's Call.
PASSING OF THE RHODE ISLAND
CLAM.
A visit to our fish markets will con
vince the zealous Rhode Islander that
one of our far-famed productions is
rapidly disappearing; indeed, is al
most gone. We refer to the Rhode Isl
and clam. Two separate and distinct
varieties of clam will be found in th-;
fish market. One is about one and a
half inches in length, or smaller; the
other three to four times that size, "i lie
smaller clam is the true Rhode Island
product, but the larger ones are Cape
Codders. They are as unlike In their
flavor as It is possible to imagine, but
both being sold and served here, the
unsophisticated credit them as alike
our product. This is to our discredit.
But, o%ving to the wicked, wasteful way
they have been dug, there are no large
Rhode Island clams now. — From the
Providence (R. I.) News.
The famous old JKBSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family &aii
medicinal use because It Ik pure.
A remarkable tramp called at an
Elm street, Biddeford, residence re
cently and offered to saw some wood
for his breakfast. He sawed a while
until his breakfast was ready, and
after eating that he went tcr work
again and sawed so much that the lady
of the house felt it her duty to go out
and tell him that he was doing too
much. And after all the newspaper
Jokes to the contrary! Probably the
poor fellow was insane. — Kennebec
Journal.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bueh and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
FAMINE. IN RUSSIA.
The results of the harvest of this year
are now becoming known, and though
good in some southern districts a num
ber of governments have been acknowl
edged officially to have suffered from bad
crops and to require immediate assist
ance. The Minister of the Interior has
commissioned Count Tatishtcheff to make
a tour of inspection of the provinces
which are particularly in distress, name
ly, Kazanskaya, Samarskay, Ufim3
kaya, Vyatskaya, Simbirskaya. Saratov
skaya and Parmskaya, numbering a to
tal population of over 18,000,000. The Sa
mara Zemstvo (provincial assembly) is
petitioning the Government for a loan of
25,557,000 rubles for the purchase of seed,
etc., and for the maintenance of the
starving peasants. The Kazan Zemstvo
asks for a loan of 735,000 pounds of seed
needed immediately for sowing during this
autumn. The Menzelinskoo Zemstvo asks
for 3.000,000 rubles, etc. A correspondent
who happened to pass a vllage in the gov
ernment of Samara gives a heartrending
picture of what he saw in the locality,
and states that during one day of his
sojourn In that villlage no less than twen
ty-four sheep fell dead from lack of food
and that the people, too, look more dead
than alive. "This," he says, "is but one
of the numerous tragic panoramas which
I see everywhere, but the figure of that
woman, as she was imploring the starosta
(village elder) to ask the land-owner to
save ncr last cow, will haunt me all my
life."
Most of the affected provinces are the
same which suffered from the famine of
1891. Who is responsible for all thia
chronic misery and starvation? We have
already replied to the question in our
previous Issue, and have no hesitation in
repeating that at the bottom and root of
all Russian calamities lies the irrespon
ble autocracy of the Czar, who keeps the
people in ignorance and helplessness, for-,
bids evtn the or^n discussion of public
affairs, as plentifully illustrated in our
articles on the press, and thereby makes
the very first steps toward any improve
ment impossible.— Anglo-Russian.
THE TEMPERATURE OF THE SEA.
Sir John Murray's paper on the annual
range of temperature in the surface
waters of the ocean is published in the
last issue of the Geographical Journal,
and Is the latest as well as the most au
thoritative exposition of the subject. In
the course of it he says that the lowest
recorded temperature reading at the sur
face of the sea is 26 degrees Fahrenheit
in the North Atlantic, eastward of Nova
Scotia, and the highest reading in the
open ocean la 90 degrees Fahrenheit, re
corded in the tropical Pacific Loth north
and south of the equator, though -ea<V<ngs
of 94 and 96 degrees Fahrenheit are re
corded in the Red Sea and Persian Gulf
respectively.
The greatest known range of tempera
ture of the surface waters throughout
the whole world is thus 70 degrees Faren
heft (from 26 degrees to 96 degrees). He
goes on to show that the range of tem
perature has a very important effect in
bringing about a vertical circulation in
ocean waters. In the equatorial regions,
where there is hardly any variation in
surface temperature, the warm water re
mains at the surface and there relatively
cold water comes nearer to the surface
than in those regions in temperate zones
where there Is a wider daily and annual
range. The cooling of the surface layers
at night and during. winter in temperaLe
regions causes the salter water of tha
surface to sink through the underlying
layers, carrying with them heat and at'
mospheric gases to the greater deptha
The effect of freezing in the polar re
gions is in the end similar to that of evap
oration in warmer latitudes. The lighter
ice is separated from the denser mother
liquid which sinks to the greater depths,
leaving the ice on the surface. These
statements as to the effects of range of
temperature might be illustrated by ref
erence to many parts of the ocean.
It will be sufficient to refer to the most
striking example, in the southern hemi
sphere, where there Is a band of large
range of temperature right round the
world. The warm tropical waters, which
are driven southward along the eastern
coasts of South America, Africa and Aus
tralia into the Great Southern Ocean,
there become cooled as they flow to the
east before the strong westerly winds. On
account of their high salinity, these trop
ical waters can suffer much dilution with
Antarctic water and still be denser than
water from these higher latitudes at the
same temperature. Here the density ob
servations and the sea water gases indi
cate that a large part of the cold water
found at the greater depths of the ocean
probably leaves the surface and sinks
toward the bottom of the Southern Ocean
between the latitudes of 45 degrees and
66 degrees south. At a depth of 100 fath
oms the temperature in one part of the
ocean may differ from that to be found
In some other part at the same depth by
as much as 42 degrees Fahrenheit;
at 500 fathoms there may be be
tween one part and another a range
of as much as 20 degrees Fahrenheit; at
1000 fathoms a range not exceeding 11 de
grees Fahrenheit, and at 1500 fathoms not
exceeding 8 degrees Fahrenheit. A con
sideration, however, of all the available
observations shows that there is no evi
dence of any annual variation of tem
perature at any one spot in the ocean
at a depth of 100 fathoms; and at a depth
of fifty fathoms no annual range greater
than 2 degrees Fahrenheit appears to be
Indicated. This remark applies especial
ly to the open ocean: but. although we
have no direct observations, still it is
most probable that along certain coasts
a wide range of temperature is occasion
ally "woduced at the bottom in depths of
fifty and even 100 fathoms, due to" the
lateral shifting of large bodies of water
from different sources. The evidence of
movements Hke these comes especially
from regions where polar and equatorial
currents meet or run alongside of each
other In different directions, as. for in
stance, in the case of the Gulf stream
and Labrador current oft the eastern
coasts of North America.
The plant known as vervain, which
is not distinguished for its beauty, and
which grows nowadays utterly disre
garded, was so sacred to the Druids
that they only gathered it for their di
vinations when the great dog-star
arose, in order that neither sun nor
moon should see the deed.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 4.
Stmr Newbur*. Hansen, 61 hours rrom San
Pedro.
THE GARBAGE
QUESTION AT
LAST SETTLED
Scavengers Are Still
to Collect.
CITY TO PAY CREMATORY
COMMITTEE OF SUPERVISORS
AGREES TO THE PLAN.
About One Hundred Thousand Dol
lars Saved From the Tax Levy
Which Will Be Devoted
to Other Purposes.
The vexed question of a city garbage
contract has at last been settled to the
fiut'sfaotion of the scavengers, ihe Sani
tary Reduction Company and tho Health
and Police Committee of the Boar-i of
Supervisors. It has been arranged that
the scavengers shall continue to ply their
avocation as of old, with this important
change, that the city will, in future, pay
the Sanitary Reduction Company for me
incineration of the garbage at the rate of
20 cents per cubic yard, while the scaven
gers will be obliged to reduce their
charges to the citizens to the basi-s of
rates prevailing before the inc.neration
plant was established.
For some time the scavengers have
been paying for the incineration at the
rate of 20 cents per cubic yarl and, In
turn, have collected extra money from
the citizens, to cover the expense.
At the meeting of the Health and Po
lice Committee of the Supervisors yester
day the new arrangement was made. The
Sanitary Reduction Company presented a
written proposition, stating that the j
works would be offered for lease to the !
city, but that the company womd favor- ;
ably conrider a contract for two >vars to '
incinerate all of the garbage at the rato
of 20 certs per cubic yard, tb.2 jitv to
pny for the same at the -jnd o' «-ac'i
mcith and the measurement uf the garb- ;
age to be in the hands of officers appoint- !
el by the Supervisors, instead of leaving 1
It to the scavengers as in the past.
This proposition suited the representa
tive 3 of the two rival garbage collecting
organizations present, and it v/as under- |
stoou to meet with the approval of the i
Merchants' Association. The Committee I
on Health and Police according! v vufd j
to adopt the arrangement and will recom- i
mend that a contract be entered into with ■
the SaiJtary Reduction Company. While j
no direct contract will be made wlrn tlio ;
ser/vengers, it is believed that they will
rsinily agree to keep down the prices of i
colltcting the garbage, especially its there
are rival organizations in the Held to bid
apainst each other for custom.
Th" new arrangement will l>e bennilcial
tc Mm Si pervisors themselvi*. inasmuch
as it wili save them about -j'lt of
thi yuns originally devoted to jrnrcajrc
col!i'< tim in the tax levy. Th\? suir. c-jm
bined with the $50,000 on hand which was |
ie liave been devoted to a new hospital :
b; iUlinf. vrill give the Board of Biiper j
via Of* a goodly sum to use In neveryl
otii'?' clfioctions, including a payment of
H*VyO «-r ?l£,ooo to the Health Doi>a»-tment.
BED CROSS FETE TO-NIGHT.
Mechanics' Pavilion Its Seene — The
Society's Extensive Work.
A large benefit is to be given to the
San Francisco Red Cross at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion to-night, when the great
Spanish-American ball will be held. There
will be many features of interest. It is
to be a masquerade with many novel
and beautiful costumes, a grand march
and fancy Spanish dances. As the Red
Cross has not had a benefit for some time
now and the expenses are very heavy, it
is hoped the public will use this means of
re-enforcing the funds.
At the executive meeting the monthly
reports were submitted. The treasurer
reported the expenses were over $4000
more than the receipts, leaving on hand
$15,399 11.
On Saturday night the society will close
16 Post street and store what is necessary
at 404 Sutter street, where Hoppe <Jp Rob
ertson have kindly given a room, and Mr.
Walcom has offered his assistance in
every way possible.
Mrs. Lowenberg reported that after the
Newport sails the hospitality rooms at
the ferry will close, and that in all they
have entertained 81,428 soldiers.
Mrs. Looseley reported 10,648 names on
the membership roil.
Religion in Education.
Rabbi J. Nieto delivered a very interest
ing lecture on the subject, "The Influence
of Religion Upon Education," last even
ing. He said what we understood to-day
by education is not the accumulation of
much knowledge, but the result that may
reasonably be expected to accrue from
it to man. It is not the amount of infor
mation, but the effect that the possessing
of it exerts over the thoughts, sentimjents
and conduct of individuals and masses.
Manager of Stanford's Annual.
PALO ALTO, Nov. 4.— The junior class
to-day elected H. H. Taylor of San Fran
cisco business manager of the Annual.
Taylor is the son of B. R, Taylor, a Re
gent of the Universtly.
A Naval Hero's Story.
From the Times-Herald. Chlcaro, 111.
Late in 1861, when President Lincoln
Issued a call for volunteers, L. J. Clark of
Warren, Trumbull Co.. Ohio, was among
the first to respond. He joined the mortar
fleet of Admiral Porter just before the
memorable operations on the Mississippi
River began. It was at the terrific bom-
bardment of the Vlcksburg forts that the
hero of this story fell with a shattered
arm for a charge of shrapnel.
After painful months in the hospital, he
recovered sufficiently to be sent to his
home at Warren, Ohio. Another call for
troops fired his patriotic zeal and Clark
soon enlisted in Company H of the 7th
Ohio Volunteers. In the army of the Po-
tomac he was in many engagements. Be-
ing wounded in a skirmish near Richmond
he was sent to the hospital and thence
home.
lip
A Wounded Hero.
member of Hatch Post, G. A. R., and lives
at 4935 Ashland avenue.
BeVeral years ago Dr. Clark's old
wounds began to trouble him. He grew
weak and emaciated, and his friends de-
spaired of his life. He finally recovered
sufficiently to be out, but was a mere
shadow, weighing 1 only 90 pounds. The
best medical attendance failed to restore
his lost strength and vigor.
"A friend gave me a box of Dr. Wil-
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People," said
Dr. Clark, "and they helped me so much
that I bought a half dozen boxes and took
them. 1 soon regained my strength, now
weigh 190 pounds and, except for injuries
that can never be remedied, am as well aa
ever.
"I consider Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People the best remedy to build up
a run down system, and heartily recom-
mend them to every one in need of such
aid."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tend your name and address for our illustrated j booklet (now in ; the press), :u: u
:; "Ye turkey, ". how ; to cook and : how 'to carve it," 15,000, first edition, free. « -
did you if some day no papers
V were published : no news 1 of
6VGr Stop the busy whirl of yesterday,
to think no forecast of to-morrow's
v *x ■it , events? and, again, thou-
hOW It WOUICI be san ds of housewives would
miss the familiar Hale's advt: no news of ; "good goods"
and the 1 little prices which go with them v.. it's a true
saying, "we never appreciate until: we ' lose ? it.' 1
' we are pleased to
publish the following:
:n: n . a friday sale on fancy
**» ".:.■. ponpons, wings, • birds
millinery. and quills: - :
6 different lines of elegant 2/V m*
parried quills .1....1........ «* F 1
fancy cocque quill and • wing IA/,
ponpons, bunch.. ................ 1V "'
parried quill : ponpons, six in a
bunch, in black, brown, navy JQ~
and natura1:.................... *'*'•
Jointed wings, including swallow
wings, magpie . and ' blackbird . 'Jtyr
wings, • pair <t '*
black . and ; colored parrots, iO«' m*
very much in vogue ;. .. i *°» JJI
angel wings, latest. 50c pair
rliiMran'c ln cheviot cloth, 6 but-
CllllUrcll » tons, high storm collar,
rppfprc ; ' coat back, in tan, blue,
ivClvlb. red, trimmed with fancy
braid around collar, down front
and on cuffs, sizes 4 to ffl CA
14 ¥<•«•
nnnie 1 150 dozen Hale's own
gcllli ' brand, 2100 pure linen,
™U*t>c? four ply, in all new and
CUllaid. leading shapes . IA/,
a glove which is fitted to the hand,
yet does not pinch, won't split — wears
well — and allows absolute freedom
to every finger, is worth a dollar:
that's Hale's $1 glove. -
937, 939, 941, 943,945,947 Market St.
*'th« 1I««« house."
Two Rare
Bargains >^
For This >^ 8-piece
Week >r ' decorated
:_ - . V<^ • crystal lemonade
;Only#^f|7. - set, including alumi-
■^^' num-finished tray $1.00
'■^^ '8-piece gold-band glass wine
" set on glass tray •> - ' - - : - - $1.00
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
WILL & F'IISCIC co.,
818-820 Market Street. *
A au i Tri i ' -^d YACHTS
■ and
: Bmmm BOATS.
. H. ENGELBRECHT. Successor to
SAN FRANCISCO LAUNCH CO..
;: Continues the business of the above ■ company
at the same place. Telephone Red 1571. ;
Corner North Point and Stockton Streets.
: MBBS9ii* RUPTURE.
«£TF%<"2W use NO MORE IROJf
MfM^B^sflß^ Hoops or ■ Steel ; . Springs.
■ Sr^SHnSE?^ 3 ''^ Rupture retained. with eais
fl--*V?4^\. and com fort. and thousands rad!-
■; /ML •> cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
m^ /JSf Magnetic Elastic 'Truss. (E7CaU at
'^mfr office or write fop New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., .
' 620 Market it., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
A lady living in one of the large brass manufacturing cities of
Connecticut, writes: "My ten-year-old daughter, Irene, has beta
troubled with terrible sick headaches and spells of vomiting ever since
she was a little tot. Her father thought she would outgrow them, but
she didn't. She did not chew her food enough, and what she threw
up seemed but half digested. Through the advice of a friend, I
began giving her
Ripans Tabules.
She was benefited at once, and after a treatment of one week the
trouble teased, and she has not had a bad spell since."
Since writing this letter, the lady states that she has reduced th«
dose to half a Tabule a day and the good effect still continues, and sb«
believes that the use of the Tabules may soo.n be wholly discontinued
for her daughter appears now to be absoiutely well.
Soon aft-
erward he
began the
study and
then the
practice of
v eterinary
s v r g cry.
Seeking a
wider field
than the
Ohio vil-
lage afford-
ed, he went
to Chicago
where h©
now has a
wide prac-
tice. Is a
chiMrpn'c Just a glimpse of the
UUiUICU » sweetest little hats for
Jjiy , little; tots: ■-::
' mother goose pokes, trimmed In
ribbon, chiffon, small tips CJ CA
and finished with tie 5........ Qii.vv
. cute . rolling pokes, edge • finished
with chiffon niching, trimmed in
fancy ponpons, ' soft crowns fr) 7C
and ties... yii»lv
straight-rimmed flats, soft velvet-
crown, four quills and rib- $1 CA
bon r05ette.................... vi*vv.
fancy dress hats and flats, . in all ;
the new - shades and white, ' ele-
gantly : trimmed - in- soft • crowns,
fancy ponpons, ornaments C 5 CA
and ribb0n.'. .. .. ..V. .......... vi).« 7? i.
! tarn o'shanters from 15c to <*5e each.
cillr of black taffeta; tuck down
M I IV front and back, fancy knife
wit icf c Pleating, trimmed down
\Y aIS IS, front, perfect in fit, «C A A
sizes 32 to 40..;..... $»>.UU •
fl-pnfc' In : tecks ; a" 3 Puff -i shapes, •
gwllld all new shapes and pat-
tipc' terns, In light and dark
"03. fancy / silks; - ; dressy; * CA-
well worth attention.. .V. .'.'.•...;. vVV .;
■"ft i FINE TAILORING
/OKS& PERFECT FIT. BEST Of
MflHßk WORKMANSHIP. >t
M|«!§Mt|kl 25 per cent Less than Other
r* 3P|g Tailors Charge, Go to
'% M JOE POHEIM
/ r I W aii wool suite to (fin to &Q C
||# Order from $1/ t0 4>oo
Lf 1 PantBfrom ** * $4 to $1 0
—^^ - 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
' : 844 and 846 Market St..
110 and ' 1 a? Market St. San Frtndtco.
g«| ' CUeheateyfe ]CbcUsli Diamond BnutO. --
PNHYROYAL PIUS
9ENNYROYAL9 ENNYR0YAL PILLS
W ,— <J»*tV Original and Only C canine. ' -■ A -
A^/l J*^4. Dr«nglit far ChUXater j JnoiuA 7?ia-«VTi
W***kiPW9S»i «<»ii iTrdn J la Hod ul CoW meu>lUo\>Lfgr
f-*^W b" Ort«lMal and blac ribbon. TakaVST
Kyft Dr»n^lit ftr' T CWe»«l«e^» s££i*i?ma.M&
MBKBvmond Brand la Red and Gold met»Uic\%Jr
?fijnboxei, »-»led with blac ribbon. Taka V»
I*l ** *V"J™° other. Rtfutt dangtmu tubttitv- ▼
I / '~ lion* and imitation*. At DrnjjUtJ, »r •eni «*,
(U af in stamp! for pmrtieolut, teitliaasteU »n4
\V* O " Belief for Ladles," in Utttr, br rctara
«\___/r UalL . 10.000 Teitlmoßtdf . KmurZur.
rChl-be.tf r t hfjnlcal Co.,M»dT»o« •«■««%
S*U by mU Load OrttggUU. . .- PnTEAwZT^y
DR.MQNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
•L Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. ■ Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cared at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 Sundays, 10 Consul-
and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
JDr. P. ROBCO3B 3ICXIJI.TY,
2© 1 , Kearny St Kan f ranelsco, CaL