rOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 74.
WAITING
MADRID'S
APOLOGY
The De Lome Incident Not
Yet Declared Offi=
daily Closed.
There Must Be a Distinct Dis=
claimer From Spain of the
Sentiments Expressed
by the Minister.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Another American
naval vessel, the torpedo boat
Cushing, left Key West to-day
for Havana, and she is now with
the Maine. Her departure was
a surprise to administration of
ficials, and they have since been
endeavoring to ascertain if it
were the result of a cablegram
sent direct to Lieutenant
Clea% - es, commanding the Cush
ing, by Consul General Lee, or
whether it was due to a misin
terpretation of department in
structions. Assistant Secretary
Day said this afternoon that, so
far as he had been advised,
quiet prevails in Havana.
I learned to-day that the send
ing iff the Cushing to Havana
was the result of a request of
Consul General Lee. This re
quest was due to General Lee's
desire to maintain free commu
nication in the event of the Ha
vana cable being broken. The
instructions given to Lieutenant
Cleaves contemplated his depart
ure on Tuesday next.
The Cushing has been placed
under the orders of the Maine,
and her stay in Havana Harbor
will be indefinite.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
While the official statement is made
m that the administration will not con
w sider the De Lome incident closed un
til there has been some kind of an offi
cial disclaimer by the Spanish Govern
ment of responsibility for his utter
ances, all authorities feel reasonably
sure that if a satisfactory reply has
r.ot already been made to Minister
Woodford, Buch action will not be lons
delayed by the Sagasta Government.
The statements made this morning
that the President would not consider
the matter ended until there had been
some expression of disavowal from
Spain were officially confirmed at the
State Department to-day. Up to a
late hour to-night the cablegram ex
pected by Assistant Secretary Day
from Minister Woodford had not ar
rived.
The President, I am assured, has
every confidence that the Spanish Gov
ernment's reply to the demand which
was made through Minister Woodford
for Senor De Lome's recall will be
satisfactory. That Minister Woodford
in his cablegram of last night did not
give the particulars as to the nature
of this reply is a matter of some sur
prise to the authorities and is the im
mediate cause of much speculation as
to the outcome of the incident. The
only explanation that can be made is
that Minister Woodford felt so satis
fled that the reply to his representa
tions and the prompt acceptance of i
Senor De Lome's resignation would be
acceptable to the administration, that
he did not think it was necessary to
cable details, and that the words "full ,
report will follow" in his cablegram j
. meant "report by mail."
Our department, however, has shown
its interest in the matter by asking j
him immediately to cable full particu- j
Jars of the reply.
President McKinley has no reason
to believe that Spain desires other ;
than most friendly relations with the !
United States and that she will mani
fest this desire in such a way, either
by the reply which has already been |
made to Minister Woodford or i
through future correspondence, as to
completely counteract the effects i
sought to be produced by agents of the
Cuban Junta through the De Lome !
letter.
Spain's prompt acceptance of Senor '
De Lome's resignation and the state- ,
ment that a new Minister will be sent !
to Washington at once is accepted as
an earnest desire on her part to con- j
tinue friendly relations with the
United States.
Statements have been made that the i
President will demand an apology from
Spain. This is entirely erroneous. The
President expects some showing that
Spain disclaims responsibility for the
utterances of her Minister in a private
letter, and he has not the slightest .
doubt that this will be done without an •
express request from our State Depart
ment. He not only expects Spain to !
disclaim responsibility for those parts ,
of the letter referring to himself, but ' <
he also expects that it will "be made <
known in an unmistakable manner that '
Benor fle Lome did not correctly rcpTe-
P** nt nis Government in those parts of .<
the letter which have been interpreted : 4
is showing: that Spain was insincere in <
the offer O f autonomy for Cuba and in j
negotiations for a treaty. %
Mr. McKinley has no sympathy for ' <
t **c manner in which the De Lome let- j <;
The San Francisco Call
ter was brought to light, and for that
reason he is not inclined to split hairs
over the manner in which Senor de
Lome was recalled. Only failure on the
part of Spain to disavow the utterances
of Senor de Lome will prompt the Pres
ident to take further steps. This ad
ministration has not doubted the sin
cerity of Spain, either in negotiations
for a commercial treaty or in her offer
of autonomy to Cuba. Senor de Lome's
letter, written more than two months i
ago, has not apparently changed the
views of the administration on these
points, but will do so unless Spain
should now, in some very positive way,
show that his utterances did not repre
sent the position of the Spanish Gov
ernment.
I was assured by an official of the
administration to-day that no change
i of policy on the part of the President
will foilow the De Lome incident unless
Spain forces it by a failure to make a
proper disclaimer.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— As the rep-
I resentative of Spain, Senor Don Juan
! Dubosie called at noon to-day at the
State Department and presented, in
writing, the notification of the Spanish
Government that the resignation of
Senor Enrique Dupuy de Lome had
been accepted and that Senor Dubosie
was authorized to represent his Gov
ernment as Charge d'Affaires ad inter
im. The notification was purely formal,
I merely giving the facts of transfer.
Having assumed his duties Mr. Dubosie
| paid a call of respect tot the State De
partment. He was not accompanied by
Senor de Lome.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day the
President briefly gave a summary of
the correspondence that has taken
place up to this moment, respecting the
retirement of Senor de Lome, and re
marked that it would be necessary to
await this report. The matter was not
discussed in any phase after this ex
planation of its status by the President.
Ensign Porter Dies at Phoenix.
PHOENIX, Feb. 11.-Knsign John S
Porter, United States Navy, died last
night at the Catholic Hospital of tuber
culosis. He was a graduate of Annapolis,
of the class of "92.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Showers on Saturday; west
erly, changing to southeasterly
winds. ,
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 54 degrees
ort!and 52 degrees
Los Angeles 72 degrees
San Diego 64 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
De Lome Incident Not Closed.
President Zelaya Means War
San Francisco Injured Abroad.
A Naval Officer Drowned.
Riots at Zola's Trial.
SECOND PAGE.
The Santa Fe's Burned Tunnel.
Resources of Sacramento.
Old Scandal of Los Angeles.
Meeting of the Bikers.
THIRD PAGE.
A Revolt in Guatemala.
French Cable Problematical.
Preacher Swallows a Live Mouse.
Hickey's Body Sent Here.
A Widow's Home Looted.
Belew Held for Murder.
The Barron Will Case.
In Fear of Mythical Foes.
FOURTH PAGE.
Captain Ray's Official Report.
Gold on the American Side. '
Canada's Vexatious Regulations.
Gunboat May Go to Skaguay.
Day's Session of the Senate '
riyler's Wife Under Arrest.
A Tacoma Firm in Trouble.
FIFTH PAGE.
Fire in the Phelan Block.
A Woman Swindled Them
Fair Heirs Win a Case.
Cattle King to Wed Again
• I"'.-' SIXTH" PAGE. '
Editorial.
Where Will This End?
Opening the Campaign. •
The People In Politics.
Defective Ammunition.
Canadian Impertinence.
David Bennett Hill's Plans.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Fought Over a Woman's Coffin.
Dr. Hart Resigns.
News Along the Water Front.
George B. Sperry Shot.
Tried to Swindle an Old Man >
EIGHTH PAGE.
News of the Sporting World
NINTH PAGE.
French Societies at War.
Fixing the Water Rates.
"What Happened to Jones."
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial Wr.rl<!.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
May Bar a New Hospital.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Raring at Oakland.
Justice Carroll's I'-ad Fix.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Schools Honor Lincoln's Memory.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATUBDAI, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
WAR WITH
COSTA RICA
MAY ENSUE
That Country Sup
ported the "Nicara
guan Revolution.
President Zelaya So De
clares Over His Own
Signature.
Also States That the Bold In
vasion Has Been Sup
pressed.
PRISONERS ARE TAKEN.
Now That the Revolt Is Ended Int<
national Complications Are Ap
parently Certain.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb.
11.— To the Editor of the Her
ald: I willingly accede to your
request for information regard-
Ing events in Nicaragua, A body
of exiles, numbering 500 men,
made an invasion of our terri
tory with the tolerance and sup-
port of the Government of Costa
Rica. They took possession by
surprise of the port of San Juan
Del Sur and made themselves
strong therein. The Govern
ment troops attacked their for
tifications on February 7, and
after three hours' fighting drove
them to the seashore. Night set
In and we postponed until to
day the capture of the place.
This morning at 8 o'clock the
national troops, after making
use of artillery, took possession
of the place, which was aban
doned by the invading force.
This telling blow puts an end to
the invasion.
JOSE SANTOS ZELAYA,
President of Nicaragua,
PANAMA. Feb. 11.— All advices from
Herald correspondents in points in
Nicaragua and Costa Rica indicate
that should President Zelaya of Nicar
agua finally succeed in suppressing the
rebellious spirit at home there is no
room to doubt that it will be followed
by serious international complications, j
possibly involving war between Nicar- !
aqua and Costa Rica.
Since the revolution started it has
been charged, but vaguely, that Costa
Rica was behind the movement lend
ing moral and material aid. iam now
in a position to give this charge on the
authority of President Zelaya.
This dispatch has been received by
the Consul-General of the Greater Re
public of Central America:
"The revolution has been crushed in
San Juan del Sur and Rivas. Dr.
Adan Cardenas, with his remaining
followers, has retreated into Costa
Rica territory. President Iglesias aid
ed the invasion. ZELAYA."
Owing to the fact that the Nicaragua
telegraph lines have been down the
following has been just got through
from Managua:
"Rivas was attacked on the Bth by
an invasion from Costa Rica number
ing 500, among the party being Costa
Rica chiefs. They were repulsed by
the Government troops and many
prisoners and arms captured. The
arms bore the Costa Rica, shield."
Dr. Cardenas, with his Minister.
General Jose Hamorro, is now in
Sapoa. Fifteen prisoners of war were
captured in San Juan. Coming from
Punta. Arena the Government has 0000
troops. The revolt is nearly crushed.
War with Costa Rica may result
through that Government's interven
tion.
MORTON BLOCK
RAZED BY FIRE
Office Building of the Ex- Vice-
President Burned in
New York.
Half-Million Dollar Blaze Which Gave
the Department Much
Trouble. •
I Special Dispatch to The CWL
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Levl P. Mor
j ton's seven-story office building, with
I frontages on Nassau and Ann streets.
: known as the Nassau Chamber building,
i was destroyed by fire to-night. The flre-
I men had a hard battle and for three
: hours there was every prospect of a groat
' conflagration. Every fire company from
Fifty-ninth street to the Battery was
called out.
The Derby Desk Company occupied both
i the Nassau and the Ann street stores,
: and the basement of the building, where
j the fire originated, was occupied by the
Herald Cycle Company. From the* Nas
sau Chambers the fire spread to the four
story building adjoining, and the cloth
ing store of Maduro Brothers, on the
ground floor, was quickly in flames. The
loss here will be practically complete.
Several firemen were badly cut by fly
ing glass and debris, but none seriously
injured.
The Murray stationery store occupied a
small frontage adjoining the Derby Desk
Company on Nassau street, and the firm
has very little, if anything, left. The up
per part of the Nassau Chambers was oc
cupied by lawyers as offices, and a num
ber of manufacturing concerns also had
offices there. All of them suffered se
verely from the fire. The Bennett build- '
ing, at the southwest corner of Nassau
and Ann streets, cnught fire several times i
but the flames were extinguished.
The loss is estimated at half a million
the larger share of which will be borne
by the Morton interests, although it is
stated they are well insured. The Derby
Desk Company and the Maduro Bros, are
mentioned as the next heaviest losers.
THIS CITY
HAS BEEN
DISGRACED
Debauchery and Theft of
the Alaska Commit=
tee's Employes.
Ex=Governor Sheakley Restores
the Credit of San Francisco
Merchants, but Closes the
Chicago Offices.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— The Inter-Ocean
to-morrow morning will publish the
following: Debauchery, extravagance
and behavior so unbecoming as to make
i them a disgrace to their city have at
| tended the movements of the men rep
: resenting the Alaska Trade Committee
I from San Francisco, since their arrival
jin Chicago six weeks ago. Not only
j are these imputations made, but ones of
! a more serious nature, implying dishon
! esty in the use of funds furnished to
I the committee by the people of San
i Francisco, and illegal and dishonorable
i adaptation to their own use of prop
erty of San Francisco merchants, which
. was sent here for exhibition, showing
| the advantages of certain kinds of furs
i for use in the Klondike.
These charges have been madebyper
sons high in authority, who held it as
a disgrace to the city of the Golden
Gate, that it should have been so j
shamefully represented by men who j
are not to be depended upon and whose ;
sole idea has been to get as much of '
the committee's money for riotous liv
ing as was possible, and to spend their
time in working out side "grafts," and
neglecting the work that it was in- j
tended that they should do.
This unfortunate condition of affairs
has so disgusted ex-Governor Sheak
ley of Alaska, who was placed in
charge of the work to be done here,
after the committee's reputation had
been ruined ami its credit de; - oyed,
that he has decided to close up the of
fices here, and give up the undertak
ing of advertising San Francisco as a
starting point for the Klondike. The
possible good that might have been
done has been ruined by the men who
first had the work in hand, and al
though Governor Sheakley has worked
hard to bring the committee out of the
mire, into which it has been dragged,
he now realizes that it Is a hopeless
task. The exhibits have been sent to
two railroad offices, where they may
do some good as an advertising medi
um, and the offices on the second floor
of the Great Northern building have
been closed. As soon as Governor
Sheakley can get the affairs of the
committee in shape he will leave for his
old home in Pennsylvania.
The first trouble in the ranks of the
committee's agents was the arrest of
D. M. Carman shortly after his arriv
al. This created much unfavorable
talk, and resulted in his being dropped
as manager. Governor Sheakley, who
had come along to lend tone to the en
terprise, was finally put in charge. This
was two or three weeks after the trou
ble had begun, and he found matters
in a very disreputable shape. After
two or three days of work, during
which he found that $5000 of the $10,000
furnished by the citizens of San Fran
cisco had been spent in high living and
in the 10-west resorts of the city, he
discharged all of the men who had
come on with him, with the exception ,
of T. C. Willis, who seemed to have a
pull, and whom he could not get rid
of. The Governor then set in to re-es-
tablish the credit of the office, which
had fallen to him. He found bills ev
erywhere which had been contracted
and which it was necessary to settle.
The "boys" had consumed an enormous
quantity of champagne, in the name of
the committee, and this had to be set-
tled for. Then there were hack bills
and flower bills and many extras in
the dining room. It became necessary
for the Governor to draw upon his own
funds for the purpose of settling these
things, for his desire to see the honor of
San Francisco sustained compelled him
to do it. He realized that the city had
been disgraced, but its credit should
not be attacked. Proprietor Eden was
about ♦/ order the crowd out of the
hotel, and wo-uld have done so had not
Governor Sheakley given his personal
draft for $500 as a guarantee.
Immediately upon the arrival of the
party in this city the acquaintance of
a young newspaper man was formed,
and for several days they led a riot
out existence — wine, women and song
the whole of the time, and it is said
that a sober breath was not drawn dur
ing that time. They didn't stop at
anything, even attempting to take lewd
women to their rooms in the hotel. Al
though they were each only getting a
very limited salary, each was always
| well supplied with greenbacks, which
i were openly admitted to be a part of
' the committee's funds. As a result of
i this spree, C. G. Taylor was forced to
' spend a week in the Washingtonian
Home for Inebriates.
Several of them, including C. H. Jen
kins and L. R. Hare, had an advertis
ing scheme which was occupying their
attention rather than the work of the
committee. Still they were drawing
their salaries and living off the com
mittee's funds. Each made it his bus-
mess to advertise the business of a
certain Alaska transportation com
pany, for the reason that the proprie
tor was intimate with them and was
helping them to spend the committee's
money. In conversation about the
hotel lobby this transportation com
*any was of more importance than
San Francisco as a starting point for
Alaska. In fact, they rarely referred
to the subject. Carman left for San
Francisco shortly after getting his
trouble patched up. According to
Sheakley he was not to be depended_on
in handling the committee's affairs,~al
though he took no part in the debauch
Continued on Second Page.
SWEPT TO
DEATH IN
THE WAVES
Ensign Breekinridge
Washed From the
Cushing.
Seamen on the Gunboat
"Went Overboard to
the Rescue.
Brave Sailors Secure the Offi
cer, but Fail to. Resusci
tate Him.
THRILLING RACE FOR LIFE
■
Upon Speeding Through a Storm to
Havana All Medical Aid Is
in Vain.
Copyright, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 11.— Ensign Joseph
C. Breckinridge, executive officer of the
torpedo boat Cushing, was washed
overboard and drowned during a
stormy passage from Key West to Ha
vana. The Cushing arrived this even
ing with the body, and signaled, the
Maine for medical assistance. Ali ef
forts to resuscitate Ensign Breckin
ridge were futile. The body will be
sent by the Cushing to Key West to
morrow.
The Cushing left Key West this
morning with stores for the Maine. She
pitched heavily in a fearful sea. She
slowed the engines at 1 o'clock In sight
of the coast of Cuba. Immediately af
terward Ensign Breckinridge, who
was stationed forward, was carried off
his feet by a heavy sea. He clutched
the life line as he was swept aft. The
line parted, however, and Ensign
Breckinridge went overboard.
Seamen Everett and Coppage started
to go to the rescue in the lifebdat, but
It was swamped in lowering and the
men were thrown into the water.
Ensign Breckinridge's strength was
fast failing as he was incumbered
with heavy oil s,kin boots. The Cush
ing was running through the sea de
luged from stem to stern. As Breck
inridge was going under Cook Daniel
Atkins went overboard to the rescue.
The Cushing finally obeyed her helm
and swungaround and maneuvered near
the men in the water. Atkins, Coppage
and Everett were rescued by lines, and
Ensign Breckinridge was taken on
board in the same manner, Atkins fas
tening the line to him. Quick medical
aid was necessary to save the ensign's
life, and the Cushing headed for Ha
vana after the throttles were opened.
She tore through the heavy seas on a
race with death. The crew meanwhile
adopted the usual means of resuscita
tion.
On arrival in Havana, the Maine's
surgeon was ashore. A message was
sent to Consul-General Lee, who sent
Dr. Burgess. Burgess said it was doubt
ful if medical aid, if available, could
BITS FROM THE ZOLO TRIAL.
Ex-President Casimir-Perier in the Witness-Stand
Giving Testimony as a Citizen.
have saved the ensign. Lieutenant |
Gleaver, commander of the Cushlng, is ;
heart-broken. The crew Is deeply af
fected, as the officer was well loved.
PRICE FIVE CEKTS.
EXCITEMENT
INTENSE IT
ZOLA'S TRIAL
General Pellieux Tells
of the Esterhazy
Affair.
Colonel Picquart Also
Gives Evidence as to
a Secret Document.
Tries to Justify His Acts of Bur*
glary and Pleads Profes
sional Secrecy.
MOBS GROW FURIOUS.
Angry Frenchmen Cry "Death to
Zola," and the Novelist HU&es
Back "Cowards."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Feb. 11.— There were the
usual crowds about the door of the As
size Court of the Seine when the fifth
day of the trial of Zola and Pellieux
commenced. M. Zola and General Pel
lieux were greeted with hostile cries
when they arrived. The court was
thronged. The proceedings opened with
General Pellieux on the stand.
General Pellieux testified that Gen
eral Saussier, former Military Governor
of Paris, desired a public trial for
Major Esterhazy, but General Billot,
the Minister of War, ordered that the
trial be secret. Nevertheless, the wit
ness added, the court-martial refused
to keep the entire proceedings secret,
therefore it was impossible to contend
that Major Esterhazy was acquitted by
order of the authorities.
With General Pellieux on the stand,
M. Zola said: "There are several ways
of serving France. You, General, made
your campaign; but I will bequeath to
posterity the name of Emile Zola, and
posterity will be my judge."
Colonel Picquart wafe called and nar
rated how he found the fragments of a
telegraphic card In 1896 and concluded
therefrom that Eaterhazy was corre
sponding with suspicious parties.
Colonel Picquart said further: "I
was struck with the resemblance of
Major Esterhazy's handwriting to that
of the bordereau, and I submitted pho
tographs to M. Bertillon and M. Paty
dv Clam, and the gentlemen declared
that it was exactly the same as that of
the bordereau, adding: 'The Jews would
do anything in the world to procure
that writing.' Paty dv Clam said it
was the handwriting of Dreyfus."
Continuing, Colonel Picquart said he
knew of a superior officer whose name
was mighty, mentioned as furnishing
documents to foreign powers, adding
that he did not wish to further dis-
close secrets while he (the colonel) was
still investigating.
Colonel Picquart pointed out that
while the anti-Dreyfus newspapers2
published fac similes of the bordereau,
they did not publish a fac simile of the
letter written by Dreyfus at Major
Paty dv Clam's dictation, "as it would
have been too embarrassing," the wit
ness implying that a comparison would
have tended to show that Dreyfus was
not the author of the bordereau.
Colonel Picquart emphatically de
nied General Pellieux's statements that
he had divulged an espionage affair to
outsiders. He admitted sending 'an
agent to Major Esterhazy's apart
ments, but he pointed out that at the
time Major Esterhazy's fiat was ad
vertised to let, and his agent only
brought him an unimportant letter,
which, however, he reserved for com
parison of handwriting. Colonel Pic
quart added that he communicated his
suspicions of the guilt of Major Ester
hazy to his chiefs, who never said they
had additional evidence of the guilt of
Dreyfus beyond what he himself knew.
If. Laborie then questioned Colonel
Picquart regarding the secret docu
ment and the witness said: "I know
of the existence of a secret document,
but I only saw it when General Pel
lieux showed it to me." The witness
could not give any further particulars
on account of professional secrecy.
The colonel was asked by M. Laborie
if he saw the original bordereau, and
admitted that did, but said he was
chielly acquainted with the photo
graphic productions circulating at the
war ministry. He also admitted hav
ing seen the document in which fig
ured the phrase "this canaille" (rascal)
— which had been so much talked about
in the French press.
General PHlieux was recalled, and
again denounced Colonel Picquart for
searching Major Esterhazy's rooms,
whereupon Iff. Laborie quickly retorted:
"But you, yourself, had Colonel Pic
quart's room searched."
At the conclusion of his evidence
Colonel Picquart was given an enthusi
astic reception.
M. Zola's carriage, on leaving the Pa- :
lais de Justice, was followed by a knot
of peofle, shouting "Death to Zola!" j
who could be heard through the car
rlage windows, exclaiming, "The cow- i
aids!"
Tli.- police dispersed a thousand peo- j
pie who were burning Zola journals on j
the streets. Many arrests were made, !
but the persons arrested vere quickly i
liberated. -
THIS CITY
HAS BEEN
DISGRACED
Continued from First Page.
cry indulged in by the others. Willis
retained his position through the ef
forts of Carman, although Sheakley
frequently advised that he was of no
use to him and a drawback to the
work. He finaily secured the right to
discharge him.
•'The whole business has been most
disgraceful," said Governor Sheakley,
in speaking of the matter. "I have
never been connected with anything
that so disgusted me before in my life.
I asked Carman why he should have
brought such a worthless lot of men
with him, and he replied that good men
were too expensive. We would have
been far better off -without them. They
not only disgraced us and discredited
us, but they robbed us. One man has
a beaver cnat valued at $150, belong
ing to Liebes & Co. of San Francisco.
They have been telegraphing about it,
but the fellow has gone off with it.
There was nothing to do but close up
the offices, since there was no possibil
ity of doing any good for our city. I
have re-established the credit of the
committee, and that is all I could hope
to do."
STORMY SESSION
OF REPUBLICANS
Factional Fights Mark the
Meeting of the League
of Ohio.
Despite Opposition Greetings Are Sent
to President McKinley, Hanna
and Foraker. .
Brer^il Dispatch to The Tall.
COL.UMBUS, Ohio, P«b. n._The Ohio j
Republican League convention, which !
was held in this city to-day, was one of
the stormiest in the history of the league.
About 2no delegates, representing seventy
two clubs, were in attendance.*
The factional fighting which marked
the late Senatorial contest cropped out.
There were strenuous efforts to restore
harmony, both the retiring president and
the president-elect advising the members
of the league to lay aside factional differ
ences. Senator Foraker in his telegram
to the league also made a plea for har
mony. The Foraker and Bushnell ele
ment were dominant in the convention
and wjiile they tried to keep factional dif
ferences in the background, carried all
their points. Trouble was started early in
the proceedings.
Despite the opposition resolutions were
adopted as follows:
'•We send greeting to President Mc-
Kinley and Senators Hanna and Foraker
and assure them of our heartiest sup
port."
The sections objected to by the Me-
Kinley { and Hanna adherents are as fol
lows:
"We indorse, the Cuban resolution in
troduced and discussed February 9 by
Benator Mason in the United States Sen
ate, and hope that it will be promptly
approved by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, passed by the Senate and ener
getically carried into effect by our hon-
Dred President, and to the end that the
Cuban independence may quickly become
>n accomplished fact, without being load
ed down by iniquitous bondage.
"We cordially indorse every department
5f our State administration, particularly
that of our beloved, level-headed • and
efficient Governor, General Asa S. Bush
nell.
"We indorse and approve the energetic
md efficient efforts undertaken by Attor
iey-General Monett and the State Senate
to uncover and destroy unlawful and
hurtful trust syndicates and combina
tions. We hope such effort will continue
gntil all such hurtful trusts and combin
ations are uncovered and destroyed and
the General Assembly will supplement
luch efforts by appropriate legislation."
"Will Sue Napa Asylum.
NAPA, Feb. 11.— Board of Trustees
it the Napa State Hospital met in regu
lar monthly 'session ; to-day Jacob Streb,'
g. discharged employe,? whose case was
laid over from the last meeting, appeared
tvith his . attorney. , His application for
reinstatement being refused, Streb an
nounced his ' Intention to ; immediately in-
Ititute a suit for damages. The whole af
fair pertaining:, to discharges lately, made
from the • institution will thus have a.
tearing. ... . .• -:. . -
CASE OF SATAN
REBUKING SIN
Gibbon's Relations With
the Los Angeles City
Bank.
A Political Purifier Whose Own
Record Is Now Being
Scrutinized.
Shady Transactions in Connection
With a Most Sensational
Failure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, LOS ANGELES, Feb. 10.— Ever
[ since the failure of the City Bank in
i ; June, 1893, mystery has attached to
j the relations that existed between
j that institution and Thomas E. Gib
j bon. Rumors of the most sensational
| character have been afloat in this re
j gard. On the 21st of June the bank
! went into the hands of a receiver.
Otto Brodtbeck. Its liabilities at the
time of the failure were about $185,000.
i Of this amount about {115,000 was un
: secured. On this sum, through the
good management of W. J. Wash
burn, who succeeded Brodtbeck as re
ceiver, after the bank had been in
liquidation for about three months,
dividends have been declared in the
j aggregate to the extent of 22V& per
I cent. Mr. Washburn is now preparing:
his final supplementary report, the ac
■ ceptance of which will be followed by
i his application to be discharged from
i the duties of receiver of the City
! Bank.
From evidence at hand it appears
that Attorney Thomas E. Gibbon, one
of the most active spirits in the
League for Better City Government,
an organization which pretends to
stand for all that is good in public af
fairs; who holds the honorable and re
sponsible position of Police Commis
sioner; who, presumably because of
his moral and political integrity, was
selected to carry on the prosecution in
connection with the School Board cor
ruption; who in the latter capacity
has been displaying his oratorical
abilities in. delivering homilies on pub
lic morality; who sought by his per
sonal influence to have a teacher re
tained in the school department for
which position she had shown herself
to be disqualified— this same Thomas
E. Gibbon, who was most aggressive
in the hounding of School Director
Webb; who is one of the guiding in
fluences of the Herald, which has
sought to betray the people in their
contest with the Los Angeles City
Water Company— has been guilty of
an act similar to one that Circuit
Judge floss of this district has char
acterized ac nothing less than an at
tempt "to enable the bank officers to
make a deceptive and therefore
fraudulent showing of assets."
The offender in the case referred to
by Judge Ross was a* layman and a
brother of the bookkeeper of the bank
for whose benefit the fraud was prac
ticed. Gibbon, as already stated, is an
attorney, and at the time he lent him
self to the transcaction under discus
sion was the legal adviser o* *he men
who organized and afterward wrecked
The City Bank was organized on
July 25, ISB9, according to the books
turned over to the receiver of the now
defunct institution. The principal
stockholders in the bank were W. T.
and A. D. Childress. Among the assets
of the institution was a note for $5000
made by T. E. Gibbon. The following,
which is a copy of a secret agreement
entered into between the Childresses
and Gibbon, throws some light and
some mystery on the note in question:
This agreement, made this 25th day of
July. IS«9. by and between W. T. and A.
L>. Childress of the first part and T. E.
Gibbon of the second part, witnesseth:
That the parties of the first part nave
this day sold and assigned to the party of
the second part four hundred shares of
stock in the San Felipe Land and Water
Company, a corporation, for the sum of
five thousand dollars ($5000), for which the
said party of the second part has this
day executed to said parties of the first
part his note for the sum of five thousand
dollars ($5000), payable at ninety days
from date, with interest at the rate of 10
per cent per annum from date.
Now, in consideration of the purchase
by the said party of the second par* of
eaid stock, and the making of said note
by him to the said first parties, with per
mission to the said parties of the first
part to use the said note for certain pur
poses, which the said parties of the first
part desire to accomplish, the sajd par
ties of the first part hereby promise,
agree and bind themselves to and with
said party of the second part to pay all
Interest which may accrue on said note
or any renewal thereof, to pay all assess
ments for corporation purposes and all
taxes that are now due or may hereafter
become due on said stock and to protect
said note by securing the. extension or
renewal of the- same or by paying the
same if necessary, should the same come
into the possession of third parties, until
such time as he, the said party of the
second part, shall be able to sell said
stock and realize sufficient funds from
such sale to pay said note, together with
all other sums paid out by the said first
parties on account of interest thereon and
assessments and taxes on said stock.
The said party of the second part, in
consideration of the foregoing, has this
day purchased said stock and given his
note as above set forth to be field and
used by the said parties of the first part,
and he further agrees and promises that
when said stock Is sold he will pay over
to the said parties of the first part two
thirds (2-3) of the net profit realized upon
the said stock, after deducting from the
purchase price and paying to the said
first 'parties the principal of said note,
together with all interest due thereon at
that time and all sums which the said
tirst parties may have paid out for ac
crued interest and assessments and taxes
on said stock.
In witness whereof, the sajd parties
have hereunto set their hands and seals
the twenty-sixth day of July, year first
above mentioned.
W. T. and A. D. CHILDRESS,
T. E. GIBBON.
Neither at that time nor at any time
since has the stock of the San Felipe
Land and Water Company been of any
i considerable value. This company was
■ organized with a capital stock of $250,
i 000, consisting of 2500 shares. Among
I the assets of the City Bank when it
: failed was a block of 250 shares, which
i were sold by the receiver on May 17,
i 1897, for $25. At this rate the 400 shares
1 for which Gibbon gave his note to the
'■ Childresses for $5000 were worth $40.
A very similar transaction is dis
'■ cussed in the Federal Reporter 69, page
! 460, in a decision rendered by Circuit
Judge Ross on August 12, 1895.
This was ah action at law by Fred
' crick N. Pauly, receiver of the Cali
fornia National Bank of San Diego,
against J. E. O'Brien on a promissory
note made by the latter to the bank.
The defendant, at the instance of the
vice-president of the bank, gave a note
! to the bank for $3714 40 to take up and
j replace a note made by one Naylor,
i which had become overdue, owing to
the Insolvency of Naylor. O'Brien was
asked to do this In order that a proper
showing might be made to the bank
commissioner. In the course of his de
cision Judge Ross has this to say:
If the transaction was a mere trick to
make it appear to th« Government and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
to the creditors and stockholders of the
bank mat it had a valuable note when
in fact it did not have one, the result
must be the same, for, when parties em
ploy legal instruments of an obligatory
character for fraudulent and deceitful
purposes, it is sound reason, as well as
pure justice, to leave him bound who has
bound himself. It will never do for the
courts to hold that the officers of a bank,
by the connivance of a third party, can
give to it the semblance of solidity and
security, and, when its insolvency is dis
closed, that the third party can escape
the consequences of his fraudulent act.
Undoubtedly, the transaction in question
originated with the officers of the bank,
but to it the defendant became a willing
party. It would require more credulity
than I possess to believe that the defend
ant, when his brother, who was the book
keeper of the bank, came to him with
i the proposition of its vice-president, in
its every suggestion and essence decep
tive and fraudulent, did nut know its
true character and purpose.
In discussing the motive that inspired
the defendant in making the note in
question Judge Ross said it was noth
ing more than to enable the bank offi
cers "to make a deceptive and there
fore fraudulent showing of assets."
Judgment in the case was given for the
plaintiff.
In order that Mr. Gibbon might make
any explanation of the matter that he
desired a visit was paid to Mr. Gibbon
at his office.
"I would like you to give me the his
tory of your connection with the affairs
of the City Bank," began the correspond
ent of The Call.
"If you have any interest in connection
with my connection with the City Bank
you will probably get an answer to any
question you may ask."
"I would like to ask you more particu
larly with reference to a certain agree
ment made with the two Childresses,
bearing on a nute for $.">ooo, which 1 un
derstand was turned in as part of the
capital stock of the City Bank when it
was organized."
"You have not given any reason show
ing that you have a right to make these
inquiries. 1 know nothing of any note
that was turned in as part of the capital
.etoek of the City Bank when it was or-
At this point Mr. Gibbon was handed
the copy of the agreement referred to
previously and was asked if he recog
nized it. "After scanning' it he answered:
"Yes, I know this agreement."
"You entered into th;it?"
"Yes. But I am not going to permit
you to interview mi' on this matter. If
you have any intelligent right or reason
in making this inquiry I shall be most
happy to give you the information you
ask for."
"That agreement is paid to be in effect
a fraud upon the stockholders, possibly,
ni"l a fraud upon the depositors of that
bank."
"If you desiro to publish any such
statement as that, and upon the authority
of any one who stated it to you, you will
rind that the authority is not reliable."
"You say that the note referred to in
that agreement was nut made part of the
capital stock of the City Bank?"
"I am -not going to answer that ques
tion until you show me some right to
make this Inquiry. I say I know of no
note that I had anything to do with that
was made a part of the capital stock;
certainly none that 1 had anything to do
with was made a part of the capital
stock, not to my knowledge. Now, I
think I can simplify this matter. Mr.
Childress is in San Francisco. He was
there the last time we heard of him. He
can be reached by your correspondent
there, if there is any reason to ask him
any question. There are a number of
gentlemen in town who knew everything
there was to know about that transaction,
because in one way or another they had
a right to know it. There has been noth
ing concealed or to conceal about it. I
Simply as a matter of what is due to
myself I don't propose, unless you can
Hh'ow some Intelligent reason for making
this inquiry, to answer any question
Itever to you at this time. If you
show me mat you have any respeeta
or sensible reason in the world for
Ling to know about that transaction
ny other with which I am concerned,
all take pleasure in answering you
fully."
"Well, putting it on the ground of good
public morals; would you answer on that
Xt unless you show some relation to
public morals."
: me ask you one question in refer
to this agreement. What is the
ng of the underlined clause which i
as follows: 'With permission to tne !
Paid parties of the first part to use the I
said note fnr certain purposes, which the I
said parties of. the first part desire to ac
complish'?"
"The meaning is that what use they
were to make of that note, and, so far
as I know, what use they did make of
that note, was perfectly legitimate, and |
it can be shown it was. so far as I am
aware, entirely legitimate and entirely
honest. I will end this matter right here.
If any person of respectability or stand
ing desires to make nny charge against
me, I shall answer that charge Just as
quickly as possible in a proper way. If
any person who has any right to know
about that note applies for information
regarding it, I shall answer that applica
tion as quickly as I know how. I shall
not submit to any further interview on
what you allege has been said in refer
ence to it. When these statements are
made public by any individual, then it
will be time for me to say anything in
answer. It will be said quickly and very
much to the point. I feel that this in
quiry has been suggested by the people I
here whom I have been fighting as th» j
attorney for the League for Better City
Government, people for whom I have
such an infinite contempt that I feel it
would be personally undignified for me to
submit to an interview about any matter
that those people might seek to bring up
against me, supported by their state
ments."
Mr. Gibbon was informed that he was
mistaken as to the people who had
made the statements to the effect that
the secret agreement between him and
the Childresses was in effect a fraud.
Notwithstanding' this, he still declined
to make any explanation of the secret
agreement and of the mysterious clause
contained therein.
When the City Bank failed, the Gib
bon note for $5000, with a number of
other securities, was turned over to
George H. Stewart, in trust for the
sureties on the bonds of the City Treas
urer and of the County Treasurer. The
proceeds of these securities were to be
applied to the payment of the special
deposits that had been made with the
City Bank by the two officials men
tioned. Three days after the bank went
into the hands of the reviver, A. D.
Childress made a trust deed to Otto
Brodtbeck of a lot in this city. The
trust deed provided that the $5000 note
should be paid out of the proceeds of
this lot.
Major Bonebrake, as president of the
Los Angeles National Bank, was inter
ested In .the payment of the Gibbon
note for $5000. He states that the note
has either been fully paid, or would
be so, in accordance with the agree
ment that Gibbon had made.
The failure of the bank created one
of the biggest sensations ever known in
financial circles in this part of the
State. Many hundreds of the middle
class of people were losers, and in
dictments were found against several
of the bank officials and employes.
Gibbon was down on the books of the
City Bank as a debtor for various other
amounts, but these were all settled or
compromised after the bank failed.
WILL UNDERGO A
SERIOUS OPERATION
Pozzi to Attempt to Relieve Sarah
Bernhardt, Who Suffers From
Internal Troubles.
PARIS, Feb. 11.— Sarah Bernhardt is
about to undergo a serious operation. She
will leave her residence in Boulevard
Periere to-morrow for the Maison de
Sante, where an operation will be per
formed under the direction of Pozzi. For
some time past the great actress hast>een
suffering from internal pains. She felt
them the first time when, in the last
scene in "Les Mauvals Bergers." she had
to fall full length. She was advised to
take extreme care and avoid all fatigue,
which she did, but the pains continued
during the forty performances of the
piece. She consulted Fbzzi, who diagnosed
the case as one of serious internal trouble
and decided upon an operation to take
place in June. Bernhardt was about to
start on a provincial tour, but she has
canceled her arrangements, owing to the"
pains becoming more severe, and the
date of operation has been advanced.
THE REPAIRED JOHNSONS CANYON TUNNEL ON
THE SANTA FE.
RESOURCES OF
SACRAMENTO
The Great Natural Wealth
of the City and
County.
In the Heart of a Section
Where the Sugar Beet
Thrives.
President Steffens of the Chamber of
Commerce Predicts Future
Prosperity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11.— The Sac
ramento Chamber of Commerce held its
annual meeting to-night, and, in con
junction with it, extended hospitalities
through the Sutter Club to the city and
county officials and other citizens. The
business portion of the meeting was
first conducted ami consisted of an ad
dress by President Steffens and a re
port by Secretary J. O. Coleman. The
address of President Steffens follows:
Members of the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce— Gentlemen: Immediately af
ter your last annual meeting and the
formation of the necessary committees,
the resolutions passed by the meeting
were taken ui> by the Board of Directors
and complied with with all possible speed.
While the matter of securing a sue lor a
Chamber of Commerce building was
strongly urged at the annual meeting,
your directory has not seen its way clear
to take such action; deeming it more ad
visable to wait until there were more
funds in hand for that purpose and the
time seemed more favorable for the suc
cessful consummation of such an im-
I portant undertaking. A new building
should promptly follow the securing of a
site, as it does not seem bUKiness-Uke to
purchase a site and then let the invest
ment lie idle. This association has re
cently had quite a sum of money trans
ferred to it, and the proposition of pro
viding a new building for Its use seems
much more possible now than when
there was but little more in sight to build
it than a resolution.
As outlined in my last year's review,
the committee having in charge the mat
ter of planting several experimental
patches of sugar beets had arrangements
all made to do the plantlnr In April.
This was done at that time, the care for
the same being put under the charge of
an expert.
In June, by report and advice of the
committee, certain of the patches were
abandoned. In August following the com
mittee re-commended that an exhibit be
made at the State Fair of beets to be
selected from the test patches then in
charge of the expert. The suggestion was
adopted and the exhibit was made at the
fair in September, during whic-h the as
says were made of the beets on exhibit
under the State Fair management. These
assays were of the most satlsfactory
character and were published at the time.
The assays were confirmed by those
made by Professor Hilgard of the State
University, whose report was that of the
eighteen assays made and representing
twelve patches of beets from different
sections of our surrounding country the
average per cent In cane sugar was 16.97,
with an average of 84.8 purity coefficient.
The canvassing for subscriptions for
the required acreage opened Immediately
and was most faithfully prosecuted by
the special committee", seconded by local
citizens not members of the Chamber of
Commerce; also by several farmers who
volunteered to aid the undertaking all
possible. After the canvass had pro
gressed and there seemed a possibility of
there being a shortage of signed acreage
another committee of citizens outside of
this organization got up and had numer
ously signed a guarantee fund to make
good whatever shortage there might be
when the canvass was finished.
The experimental work done in sugar
beet culture and the effort to establish a
sugar factory here have brought out and
well established certain propositions, viz. :
that this is the most central point in the
State for supplying a factory with a su
perior sugar beet and other needed arti
cles for manufacturing; also that it l^Uie
best point in the State from \tfiich to sup
ply the great interior, having a large
focal wholesale trade of its own, and also
as favorablo a point as any from which to
ship the surplus to San Francisco or any
other great central market; that there
is local capital here ready to invest in the
enterprise when a man with a proper
amount of his own money and with ex
perience in the business and good char
acter is ready to start the work and de
sires local assistance to Join him; that
while we have a great variety of soils in
our immediate surroundings, our sugar
beet lands show, both by State Univer
sity and State Fair assays, the best of
any lands in the State, and also that we
have an ample supply of such high-grade
lands; that sugar beet culture contrib
utes to intensifying farming, in that it
cleans the ground from weeds and makes
foul land more available for growing
cereals; that the topping of the befts re
turns to the land those salts npeded by
the lands for its renewal for grain rais
ing; that many of the farmers who have
been taking an interest in the matter are
now making short time contracts for sup
plying sugar beets to the Crockett Starr
Mills Sugar Factory: that when any legit
imate local undertaking comes up that
commands the confidence of the people
and that is general in its character there
is no lack of willing hands to aid the en
terprise.
The most Important question that from
year to year has been referred to in my
annual reviews before the Sacramento
Board of Trade and this chamber, which
now succeeds it, has been the matter of
river improvement. No substantial river
Improvement work has as yet been ac
complished. The work of destroying the
Sacramento River has been going on
mor« or less all the time, and the river
has been having its revenge, as it were,
by in turn destroying the adjacent coun
try.
The question of river improvement has
passed to one of river restoration, and
that will soon pass to one of general de
vastation unless good shall soon come out
of efforts now pending. L wish to say
in a few words that my powtion from the
first has been that it was the duty of all
citizens to Insist that, as the general
Government reserved the river as its own
ward, it should be required to care for
It, as it was doing with other rivers else
where In the United States, and that all
complicated side issues were Included
and covered by the proposition that the
Government should care for the river.
However, as this. State has appropriated
$300,000 for river work and the Govern
ment officers have recommended that it
appropriate a like sum for the same pur
pose, the outlook for substantial relief
for the river was never so hopeful as it
is now.
Last December this chamber adopted
resolutions commending Congressman de
Vrles of this district and other members
of Congress for their vigilance in the
matter of Sacramento River improve
ment.
Our Congressmen have appealed to the
Government engineers to outline the
work to be done and for co-operation
with the State.
The Hon. Ed. E. Leake, commissioner
of public works, has associated with his
department as consulting aid Major
Heuer, a Government engineer of recog
nized ability. The auditing board seems
to be making good progress in the way of
removing many obstacles. By request, the
Attorney General of this State has de
cided to the effect that it will be legal to
try to regulate the river overflow of
water and conduct it somewhere ratheT
than let it go tearing everywhere. Mr.
Muir has offered free of charge to let the
State avail itself of his dredger rights,
etc.
It was also In December that this
chamber appointed a special committee
on river matters and in the progress of
its action it developed that one of the ob
structions to be remedied, or, rather, one
of the most important aids to be invoked,
was thatextensive repairs had to be made
to the levees on the west banks of the
Sacramento before the authorities would
place overflow weirs on the river. Those
people who have become almost bank
rupt by repeated levee repair expendi
tures, have been prevailed on by Secre
tary J. O. Coleman, seconded by "the spe
cial committee on river matters, to sign
an agreement to again put their levees
in good condition on the promise that the
authorities will commence work on the
river. -This agreement has been generally
signed, and if the proposed river works
follow It will be in evidence that your
special committee on river matters has
done the pioneer practical work toward
this great river undertaking. That com
mittee proposes that from now on it will
follow up and help out all it pogßlbly can.
The large amount of money which is
put out monthly in this city for wages
and supplies by the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, the Sacramento Elec
tric .Light and Railway Company, the
river transportation lines, the breweries,
wineries and like enterprises, has kept
this city in a solid financial condition dur
ing the year and also on the steady march
of growth and improvement. While we
In the city do not notice the growth much
from day to day, to any one who has
been absent from the city a year or two
and then returns the city's progress is
very apparent.
There were shipped from Sacramento
and adjacent points in ISS7, from May to
November inclusive, 41.560 tons of decid
uous fruit; also, for one year, ending
June 30, 1897, the following: Dried fruits
4553 tons, hops 1658 tons, canned goods,
4505 tons, vegetables. 1938 tons.
There are many citizens yet who should
identify themselves with this chamber,
and thereby aid in doing public work
that must be done and which no com
munity should shift to the shoulders of
the few to do. I urge the citizens to Join
and aid this association, and in return it
will help them. I bespeak for the Sac
ramento Chamber of Commerce a new
growth and an enlarged usefulness In the
near future.
Following this address came the In
troduction of the new president, D. A.
Llndley. In accepting the position Mr.
Llndley spoke of his desire to meet
with a hearty co-operation from all
and hoped that he would receive It
from the body of the Association.
Mr. Shaw, at this stage of proceed
ings, then arose and said that as Mr.
Steffens was about to retire from the
presidency, some word commending his
course should be spoken. Continuing.
Mr. Shaw paid the retiring president
many compliments, and in conclusion
said that what success had marked the
career of the chamber was certainly
due to the sagacity, loyalty and hard
work of Mr. Steffens. He, therefore,
proposed a vote of thanks, which was
tendered unanimously.
Robert T. Delvin, the recently elect
ed delegate to wait upon Congress to
urge river Improvement matters, then
addressed the chamber upon that phase
of the president's address dealing with
the subject.
Following the business meeting of
the chamber, came the social feature of
the evening. It passed in the shape of
a smoker, during which several spe
cialties from the Orpheum were ren
dered upon a stage temporarily con
structed in the reception room of the
Butter Club.
IGNORES THE CASE
OF PROFESSOR DUDLEY.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 11.— The Grand
Jury finished its labors to-day. Com
mendation was made that the Supervis
ors purchase rock which tramps should
be made to break. Defects in the Court
house building were discovered and the
Supervisors recommended to have them
repaired immediately. The county offi
cials are praised, for, according to Ex
pert Williams' report, the books are in
good condition, no error having been
round. No reference was made in the
report to Professor Dudley's case al
though it was given an investigation
PALO ALTO, Feb. 11.— Professor Dud
ley, -when interviewed on the report of
the Grand Jury of Santa Cruz, declared
his policy unrelenting. He will do all in
his power to cause the punishment of the
officers who arrested him without rea-
MANY RISKED
LIFE AND LOST
The Santa Fe Tunnel at
Johnsons Canyon
Reopened.
Dozen Workmen Said to Have
Been Killed While Mak
ing Repairs.
Most Expensive Series of Disasters
in the History of the
Railway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLLIAMS, Ariz.. Feb. 11.— The
Johnsons Canyon tunnel, which has
been the scene of a series of costly dis
asters to the Santa Fe Pacific road —
probably the most expensive in the
history of the Santa Fe system— was re
opened for the passage of trains yes
terday, and there is now a rush of
trafiic on the road. Almost a month
has passed since the tunnel first
caught fire. On Sunday, January 16,
sparks from a passing engine ignited
the woodwork of the structure, which
burned fiercely and stubbornly, re
sisting all efforts to extinguish it.
The available road forces were im
mediately called to the scene to clear
the debris and begin the work of re
building.
Then occurred the cave in, which
caused the death of Bridge Superin
tendent C. R. Matthews and Roadmas
ter Lyons. The work progressed
slowly with intermittent disasters in
which many were injured at various
times, and in which several unre
corded fatalities are alleged to have,
occurred.
Although the public has knowledge
of but three deaths, the workmen aver
• that if the list of the dead were known
| it would be swelled to at least a dozen.
They say the men whose fate was
I thus concealed had no known ac
i quaintances or friends, were perhaps
Indians or Mexicans, and were carried
away quietly so that the difficulty of
securing recruits and of keeping those
already employed at the hazardous
task might be lessened.
Just as everything was in readiness
for the resumption of traffic, on the
night of February 3, flre broke out
afresh in the roof, and the troublesome
| tunnel was soon in as bad a shape as
I before. Since then the engineers have
! had a new difficulty to contend with.
The fire worked insiduously into the
limestone rock, causing it to crumble.
Another danger to the workmen arose
from the fumes of carbonic acid gas,
which came from the smoldering lime
stone. At first the gas was so power
ful that the men were almost immedi
ately overcome and were placed on
j flve-minute shifts until the rock be
! came cooled. This was remedied by
I the use of a large air pump, which
' furnished pure air from the outside
during the second reconstruction.
The "hill' which embraces the
I stretch of track on which the tunnel
i is located has come to be regarded as
an ill-fated locality among railroad
men. Within it are two long stretches
lof 3 per cent grade. On the lower one
; an oil train exploded about a year ago,
! and on the upper one only three
months ago a fatal disaster occurred,
in which several of the crew were
killed. Many minor mishaps have oc
curred on the "hill."
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The Com
mercial National Bank of Santa Monica
with a capital of $50,000, has been author
ized by the Comptroller of the Currency
to commence business.
P. A. Buell and wife left for home at
Stockton, Cal., to-day.
August Mackrodt of the Third Artillery
Band at Angel Island, will be dismissed
from the army.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original : Amil Willey, Gol
den Gate, $6> Richard Butler, Vallejo, $8;
Edwin Cotton, Clements, $6: Patrick
Moore, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6;
Charles Otting, Treka, $8.
Oregon— Supplemental: Frederick A.
Nourse, Salem, $2.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
N. E. Malcolm of San Jose, Cal., to be
United States Commissioner in the Dis
trict of Alaska.
R. C. Parsons Jr. of Ohio, secretary of
the embassy at Rome.
W. Smith of North Carolina, to be Min
ister and Consul-General to Liberia.
E. A. Hitchcock of Missouri, to be Em
bassador to Russia.
William McMicken of Olympia, Wash.,
to be Surveyor-General of Washington.
L. M. Berg of Texas, Consul at Nuevo
Laredo, Mex.
Postmasters — California: E. A. Clapp,
Azusa: J. C. Boggs, Newcastle; C. D.
Bonesteel, Ventura; M. A. Luce, San
Diego; H. Jacoby, San Pedro; T. A.
Nelson, Stockton.
WHAT HAPPENED!
WHY there seemed to be a shortage of passenger transportation for
Alaska from February 15 to March 1, and we agreed to buy 100 tickets
of the HUMBOLDT managers to get the steamer to return here on its
second trip. Fine steamer cabin, $50, $62, with 500 pounds of freight free.
Wire us, or call at once. Steamer leaves as soon as loaded after its return.
WHAT ELSE HAPPENED.
We need more room for Klondike packing, and have to sell all the Furni-
ture on third floor and a part on the fifth floor. Fine Parlor Sets at half
price. Bedroom Suites, Chiffoniers, Bureaus at a big discount.
ALSO TRUNKS, SATCHELS AND CARPETS
Closing at broke prices, on third floor to — make room for a "gi^iy "IRTISH
A CAR OF WALL PAPER
Which arrives to-day or Monday. Some of the finest and newest and cheapest
things in wallpaper that ever came to the coast. Brush up the rooms with
paper and paint now; they'll pay in increased rents, as the town will be full
of guests in a few weeks on the way to Alaska.
NO BETTER PLACE TO OUTFIT.
SCASH STORE,
' 25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED 1879. BSLIABLE OUTFITTERS. 7 FLOORS
ANNEX AND WAREHOUSE DEVOTED TO SHIPPING GOODS, t
-v, — - ENTIRE FLOORS DBTOTED TO PACKING. VISIT US.
LOCAL OPTION
VOTED DOWN
Wheelmen Against the
Proposition of Sun
day Racing.
Important Amendments Made
to the Constitution of the
National Organization.
A Provision Introduced to Compel
Riders to Rest in Six-Day
Continuous Contests.
Bp#rlal Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 11.— After three days
of hard work, the National Assembly
of the League of American Wheelmen
to-night finally adjourned, after one of
the most notable sessions ever held by
that body. The all-important question
of local option in the matter of Sunday
racing was again defeated, an amend
ment providing that State divisions ba
granted the right to- determine for
themselves whether or not Sunday bi
cycle races should be permitted being
voted down by but six votes. •
President Potter voted for the
amendment. The divisions voting sol
idly in favor of the amendment were:
District of Columbia, Florida, Illinois
Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts,
Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina,
Ohio, Tennessee and Colorado.
The divisions unanimously against It
were Connecticut, Delaware, lowa,
Kansas, Maine, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, South Caro
lina, South Dakota, Texas and Wis
consin. Maryland cast one vote for, six
against; Michigan, 6 for and 2 against:
New York, 62 for, 8 against; Pennsyl
vania, 6 for, 57 against; Rhode Island,
1 for, 6 against.
Thirty-two other amendments were
disposed of during the day in various
ways. Some were indefinitely post
poned or withdrawn, while four were
defeated. Among the more important
of those adopted are the following:
Article 111 of the constitution, a new
section inserted to read: "No. 9 — No
professional shall be eligible to entry in
any open race run under the rules of
the League of American Wheelmen
unless he is registered with the racing
board."
Article 111, Section 8 (L), substitute:
"Contestants at meets closed to a col
lege or to any number of colleges form
ing an intercollegiate meet, may for
these meets be only governed by the
amateur rules of the intercollegiate as
sociation of amateur athletes of Amer
ica,"
Article V, Section 3, was amended by
striking out the word, "Wheelmen."
Other amendments adopted provided
for the payment of $2500 a year as com
pensation to Chairman Mott of the Na
tional Racing Board, and declaring that
hereafter no sanctions would be given
for any six-day continuous race unless
the riders be compelled to take at least
two hours' rest out of every twenty
four.
R. C. Botier of Milwaukee intro
duced the fallowing resolution, which
was warmly indorsed by prominent
men in the league, and finally adopted:
"Resolved, That the executive com
mittee of the L. A. W. be instructed to
investigate the feasibility of turning
over to some other organization or
body the control of racing, and to re
port its results at the next national as
sembly."
This concluded the work of the as
sembly, which adjourned sine die.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
11 Three years ago
I was troubled
With eruptions
All over my face.
I was in such
A condition that
I was ashamed
To go into company.
I began taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla
And it cured me.
I am now free
From eruptions."
W. R. Clyma,
Pennington, Cal.REVOLT IS
BEGIN IN
GUATEMALA
An Attempt Made to
Capture the Palace
Stronghold.
General Marroquina and
Two of His Officers
Are Shot.
Other Barracks Are Attacked
and Mendizabel Proclaimed
President.
MANY OTHER CANDIDATES.
It Now Appears That Barrios Met
Death at tho Hands of a
Hired A*"*asin.
Copyright. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 11.— Cable dispatches
from the Herald correspondent in Gua
temala, Guatemala, state that last
night at 1 o'clock an attempt was made
to capture the cuartels near the palace,
and that the new Government named
by General Marroquina, as command
ant of this city, was going to assume
charge. He was seized by the former
commandant, General Najera, and shot
with his two officers.
General Najera then attacked an
other of the barracks, but was re
pulsed, and left the city, proclaiming
General Menuizabel President
Numerous Presidential candidates
are talked of, but nothing can be heard
from the interior as to whether the rev
olutionists of last September are mov
ing or not. This city has no communi
cation with other parts of the country-
Several persons suspected of complicity
with Zollinger.- the murderer of Presi
dent Barrios, have been imprisoned.
President Barrios' funeral took place
to-day. It was attended by the diplo
matic corps, military and civil officials.
SAN JOSE. Guatemala, Feb. 11.— The
Barrios Cabinet has resigned, and a
new Cabinet has been farmed. This
Cabinet is composed of Senor Antonio
Barrios, Minister of Public Works; Se
nor Anguiano, Minister of Government
and Foreign Affairs; Senor Domingo
Morales, Minister of Public Instruc
tion: Senor Rafael Salazer, Minister of
Finance, and General Salvador Toledo,
Minister of War. All is quiet in San
Jose.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Ameri
can interests in Guatemala will receive
ample protection from an American
man-of-war in the event of a serious
revolution in that country. Command
er F. Symnnds, commanding the gun- I
boat Marietta, cables to the Navy De- I
partment to-day, announcing his de- I
parture from La Libertad for San Jose,
Guatemala. He cabled to the Navy j
Department yesterday, asking permis- i
si<>n to proceed to San Jose, in view of j
the assassination of President Barrios
and possible revolution.
It is the general impression of Cen- ;
tral American diplomatists here that
the assassination of President Barrios
may be placed to the credit of the rev
olutionists, who were defeated by Gen
eral Barrios some months ago. It is
said the chiefs of that revolution are
all rich men, and that they knew that
the only way to get rid of the President
was to have him slain, and to pay the
murderer liberally for his act. The re- J
port that a revolution has already been
inaugurated in Guatemala is regarded !
as showing that there may be some- !
thing in the reports that Barrios' slay- j
er was a paid assassin.
VAN PELT PARTISANS
RELEASED ON BAIL
Participants in the Oregon Feud Will
Not Be Tried Until Sep
tember.
CRESCENT CITY, Feb. 11.— Ed C.
Hughes, dismissed from custody on Sat
urday at Gold Beach, Curry County, Ore
gon, was the last of the Van Pelt party,
charged with the murder of Al Coolidge
at Chetco in November, to be released on i
bonds of $500 each. Hughes, Thomas Van
Pelt Sr. and his sons, Robert, Charles,
Lincoln, John and Thomas Jr., were ar
rested soon after the tragedy on suspic
ion of having committed the crime, and •
upon arraignment before a magistrate i
waived examination and were committed !
to jail to await trial before the Circuit I
Court.
In Curry County the Circuit Court has l
but one session during the year, and that :
in the month of September. Thus the
little county was placed in a bad situa
tion—seven prisoners to feed and care for j
in addition to the prospective expense '
of their separate trials, and the county I
already largely in debt and Its script :
barely current at a discount of 40 per |
cent. For a time the difficulty seemed
without a remedy, but after much cor- !
respondence between the local autnorities !
and the Attorney-General, by some sort |
of legal process, it was determined that !
v-e cases were bailable, and upon the '
procurement of the stipulated bonds of
|500 each, the prisoners respectively took j
leave of the county boarding house, and
are feeling assured that even If convicted ;
and sentenced to hang, the county by that
time will not be able to buy a rope for ;
their execution.
The present affair is only exampled,
perhaps, by a similar occurence in i
Curry County some years past, wherein
a fellow was under indictment for felony, \
and the term of court far distant. Tne
county Judge, with diplomatic zeal, vis
ited the prisoner, and securing his prom
ise, upon the honor of a gentlemanly ras
cal, to return at the appointed time and j
take his potion, let him go upon his own '
r gnlzance. The man returned and the
Judge gave him two years at Salem.
SCRIBNER'S GREAT HISTORY OF
THE UNITED STATES will be on exhibi-
tion at 1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS
BUILDING until 9 o'clocK ttys evening.
Do not n)iss the opportunity of secur-
ing this great worK at over 4O per
cent discount if ordered at once.
Examine it. You will be interested.
The Call History Department,
1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
CONGRESS
WILL NEVER
CONSENT
Neither England Nor
France Can Lay
the Cable.
Hawaii Cannot Act With
out the Authority of
Uncle Sam.
Why Concessions Sought in
the Past Have Not Been
Granted.
SHARP CORRESPONDENCE.
It Shows That the Treaty With the
United. States Excludes Other
Nations.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 11.
The Call correspondent inquired at
the State Department to-day concern
ing the report that France had an
nounced her intention of laying a. ca
ble from Tahiti to Honolulu.
Assistant Secretary Cridler said that
no advices had been received either
from the French Government or
through Mr. Hatch, the Hawaiian Mm
ister. The latter could not be inter
viewed. He is in New York City.
Cridler called attention to the fact that
in 1394 Great Britain desired to lease
from the Hawaiian Government Neck
er Island for a cable landing, and that
after examination of the treaty be
tween the United States and Hawaii
it was clearly shown that such a privi
i lege could not be granted without the
consent of the United States Congress.
Under the conditio-ns existing to-day
France would also have to gain the
consent of Congress.
The diplomatic correspondence in re
lation to this cable concession is given
below. In October, 1894, Minister Wil
; lis wrote Secretary Gresham from Hon
i olulu:
"Negotiations have been pending dur
ing the past week between this Gov
ernment and the representatives of
Great Britain in regard to an ocean
! cable between Canada and Australia,
touching at Necker Island or at this
city. As there is a clause m our treaty
I with the Hawaiian Islands which pro
| vides against the cession of any one of
I them to a foreign Government without
i our etrnsent, it is not thought that any
definite agreement will at present be
reached. On the 15th inst. Mr. Verlaye.
the French commissioner, requested
that your attention be called to the
fact that his countrymen had just com
pleted a cable to New Caledonia, and ,
would probably desire to extend it to
Tahiti, the Hawaiian Islands and the
United States. For this reason he
hopes that our Government wo-uld not
be hasty in the matter. Minister
Hatch of Hawaii conceded that the
consent of Congress was necessary,
when he wrote as follows: 'To the
Commissioners — I beg to again express
my regret that this Government, by the
provisions of o-ur treaty of reciprocity
with the United Status, as we read it,
is at this time precluded from consid
eration of the terms proposed.' "
In 1895 President Cleveland sent a
special message to Congress in which !
he said: "The Hawaiian Government
desires to lease to Great Britain one J
of the uninhabited islands belonging
to Hawaii as a station for a subma- j
rine telegraph cable to be laid from
Canada to --ustralia, with a connection
between the island leased and Hono- j
lulu. Both the Hawaiian Government
and the representatives of Great Bri- j
tain in this negotiation concede that j
the proposed lease cannot be effected i
without the consent of the United
States, for the reason that in our re
clprodty treaty with the King of Ha
waii he agreed that as long as said
treaty remained in force he would not j
'lease or otherwise dispose of, or cre
ate any lien- upon any port, harbor, or
other territory in his dominion or grant \
any special privileges or right of use
therein to any other power, State or j
Government.' At the request of the Ha
waiian Government this subject is laid
before Congress for its' determination ',
upon the question of so modifying the
treaty agreement above recited as to j
permit the proposed lease. I hope the !
Congress will see fit to grant the re- i
quest of the Hawaiian Government, i
and our consent to the proposed lease j
will be promptly accorded. It seems to 1
me we ought not, by a refusal of this !
request, to stand in the way of the ad- |
vantage to be gained by isolated Ha- |
waii, through telegraphic communica- <
tion with the rest of the world, espe- j
daily in view of the fact that our own |
communication with that country j
would thereby be greatly Improved j
without apparent detriment to any le
gitimate American interest."
Senators and Representatives with
whom The Call correspondent talked
to-day were of the opinion that Con- j
gress would never give its consent to \
the landing in Hawaii of a British or I
French cable line.
Shooting Affray Near Reno.
RENO, Feb. 11.— Pasqual, an Italian,
shot Eugene Garovanti at Vista, eight
miles east of Reno, at noon to-day. The
trouble arose over Pasqual's wife. Garo
vanti was shot in the back and had a
narrow escape from death. He was
brought to town. Deputy Constable Lee
pcr arrested PaSQiUU at Vista and he
will have his examination to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
AWOKE TO FIND
A LIVE MOUSE
IN HIS THROAT
A Colored Parson Compelled to
Swallow a Too Curious
Little Rodent.
PASADENA. Feb. 11.— Rev. J. H. Kelley, the colored pastor of the
African Friendship Baptist Church of this city, is perhaps the only di
vine who bears the distinction of having swallowed a grown live mouse
and lived to tell the story.
Rev. Mr. Kelley lives on the corner of Illinois street and Los Robles
avenue. A night or two ago he went to bed as usual. Taking a news
paper with him, he read for a while and then fell asleep. Now, *Rev.
Mr. Kelley is over 6 feet tall and weighs over 200 pounds. His mouth
is not naturally small, and it has been widened by use in the pulpit. And
when Rev. Mr. Kelley sleeps he sleeps on his back and he snores.
A mouse loves music, and he also likes to investigate a hole. This
particular mouse was no exception. He crawled upon the minister's
smooth-shaven face, plunged into the divine's mouth, smelled something
like food fumes, and down that esophagus he started.
The snoring stopped. The preacher awoke. Contraction of muscles
caught the mouse in his throat. The mouse squealed and clawed, and
the preacher was scared.
The pastor stopped not to don a proper garb, but raced mouse and
all for his wheel, gulping, stifling. He was followed by the other in
mates of the house, who tried in vain to catch him and inquire the rea
son of his flight. A doctor was aroused by the choking man; ipecac
was poured down the man's throat sufficient to drown a dozen mice.
After two hours the little intruder came up dead.
Perhaps jolting over the roads had much to do with the happy out
come of the mouse. At all events, Rev. Mr. Kelley lives, though his
throat is sore.
MICKEY'S BODY
IS SENT HERE
Remains of the Suicide to
Be Interred, by His
Mother.
Father -in - Law Flagler In
quired by Wire as to
the Funeral.
Romantic Career of the "Baron" and
Trinidad Prince Which Began
in San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Feb. 11.— In accordance
with directions from the baroness, the
body of Baron Harden Hickey, who
committed suicide here yesterday, will
; be conveyed to San Francisco to-mor
; row and turned over to his mother,
Mrs. E. C. Hickey. A dispatch from
Pana, 111., from J. H. Flagler, father
in-law of the deceased, who is en route
to St. Louis, inquired what disposition
had beer, made of the body. The ef
: fects of the late baron were sent to the
; baroness at Riverside to-day.
Physicians who examined the body
agree that the baron killed himself
with chloral hydrate. He was at the
Pierson Hotel in this city for several
days without hinting to any one his
identity. Among the effects were sev
eral letters from his wife, in which she
; repeatedly urged him to "give up your
beastly chloral habit."
Among the telegrams received to-day
was the following to the proprietor of
; the Pierson Hotel: "Telegraph me, at
1 my expense, in full, care Planters Ho
j tel, Pt. Louis, what disposition, if any,
1 is yet made with the remains of Baron
; Hickey. J. H. FLAGLER."
The Baron's effects were shipped to
day to his wife at Riverside.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Comte J. de la
I Boissiere, who has offices in this city,
: was chancellor of the principality of
Trinidad when the late Baron James A.
i Harden-Hickey founded his kingdom
■ there. M. de la Boissiere has in his
I possession the manuscript of a work re
cently completed by the baron, and
which is entitled "Soul Love." M. de la
1 Boissiere characterizes the book as "a
i theoretical romance treating of platonic
I and non-platonic love." An edition of
i the book will shortly be brought out in
Paris.
M. de la Boissiere Is the guardian of
' the baron's two children by his first
■ wife, the Countess de Saint Pery. The
■ girl, who Is about 16 years old, is now
! completing her education at the Con
vent of the Sacred Heart in Paris. The
' boy, about 18 years old, is manager of
: the baron's extensive ranch in Mexico.
"Baron" Harden Hickey, the remark
; able adventurer, who ended his life at
! El Papo by poison on Friday, was a na
| tive of San Francisco. His father was
| engaged in mining in this State in the
; early days of California, and he
| amassed a considerable fortune. Har
! den Hickey was born in this city, and
: when he was quite a small lad his pa
i rents went to France, after disposing
'of most of their interests here. The
j main object of the trip to the Continent
i was to give their son the educational
i facilities that were not to be found in
this State at that time. There the
young man was a close student in sev
■ eral of the best colleges, and he was
! graduated with most brilliant honors.
Soon afterward he married an excel
| lent and beautiful French lady. Then
his father died and soon afterward his
wife's death occurred. He came to
America styled as a "baron," and he
was the lion of New York for a time.
| He wrote for the magazines and his
' brilliant style and deep knowledge of
; the subjects of his essays made him
| the literary hero of the day. About six
j years ago he married Miss Anna Flag
! ler, a daughter of the Standard Oil
! magnate. Life with his second wife
was not all sunshine, and a separation
followed.
Hickey was fond of adventure. In
his college days in Paris and in Leipsic
he was continually fighting duels and
he was always figuring in some esca
pade. Soon after his second marriage
he organized a company that had for
its object the seizure of the island of
Trinidad and the organization of an In
dependent'kingdom there, of which he
was to be the ruler. The island was a
part of the republic of Brazil, and the
seizure was made without any objec
tions on the part of the Brazilians, but
the English Government objected and
Hickey and his followers were driven
away from their little island kingdom,
but not before the organizer of the
compauy had been given the title of
Prince of Trinidad.
Gathering the Wool Crop.
PHOENIX, Feb. 11.— Shearing has corn-
meneed at Peorla, north of Phoenix, near
which point 150,000 sheep are being held
for the winter. The wool crop of about
500,000 pounds has been contracted for by
a Boston firm at 11 to 14 cents a pound.
Most of the shearing will be done in new
pens erected at Peoria on the Santa Fe,
Prescott and Phoenix Railway. About
100,000 head of sheep and lambs will be
shipped east from the same point within
the next sixty days.
ROBS A WOMAN
OF HER GOODS
Paso Robles Rancher's
Method of Fitting Out
a Home.
Transfers the Furniture From
Mrs. White's Dwelling to
His Own.
Takes Even Her Wagon Wherewith
to Transport the Stolen
Effects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MIGUEL, Feb. 11.— John Gillis
was arrested at Paso Robles yesterday
for a crime which for audacity and
uniqueness can scarcely be equaled.
Jesse Gillis, his cousin, was arrested
also as an accessory.
During the latter part of January
the house of Mrs. Susan White in the
Red Hills, near the Kern County line,
in the vicinity of Shandon, was broken
intc nnd nearly the entire contents
loaded upon a wagon owned by the
woman and hauled off. Shortly after
the burglary John Gill is, who, with his
young wife and baby, had been living
with Mrs. Gillis' father, Frank Young,
a few miles southwest of Paso Robles.
went to housekeeping near his wife's
parental roof.
This coincidence of the burglary in
Red Hills and the making of a new
domicile at the Willows, forty miles
distant, escaped notice at the time, but
officers looking for the perpetrators of
the crime suspected that members of
the Gillis family, some of whom bear
unenviable reputations, were the guilty
ones. John Gillis had been seen in the
Red Hills, accompanied by Jesse
about that time.
The fact that John Gillis and family
had gone to housekeeping at a place
near Young's finally reached the ears
of the officers. Investigation showed
that John bought no furniture from
the stores of this county and'riojie was
shipped to him by railroad. His 1 arrest
and that of Jesse followed. Constable
Y. B. Sanders experienced no difficulty
in arresting John, but Constable W
M Sitton of San Miguel, who was sent
«i \ £ B ! e> arrlved at night within a
short distance of where he lived and
was compelled to make camp. At day
light he went to the suspected man's
house and served the warrant. Jesse
under pretext '" of : wanting breakfast
and. changing clothes, tried to escape,
uui laiieu. ■
After the arrest of John Olllis Mrs
White was taken to his place and at
once identified all of the property stol
en, including her wagon. The articles
were reloaded upon the wagon and re
stored to her homo. The distracted and
weeping wife, torn from her husband
and left without household effects was
obliged to return to her father
On the day of the Issuance of the
warrant for Jesse Gillis at Paso Ro
bles, another one was made out at San
Luis Obispo. This charged Jesse Gil
lis with stealing cattle, the evidence
against him being hides and heads of
steers he is said to have sold to Ed
Smith, a butcher of Paso Robles which
were identified by the owner, 'should
Jesse not be held as an accomplice to
the first crime, he will doubtless be con
victed of disposing of other people's
stock.
•«^A ? k m n ere each placed under
52500 bonds to answer for burglary Be
Ing unable to Rive bail, they are In
the custody, of Sheriff Ballou. -
P. Gillis, the father of Jesse, lives in
the Red Hills spoken of. He has served
a term in San Quentin. He was a wid
ower until : recently, when he married a
woman i from San Francisco. Jesse is
unmarried, and lives with him.
CHARLES FAIR TAKES
THE KEELEY CURE.
Goes to White Plains Under an As-
sumed Name, but His Identity
Becomes Known.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.-Charles Lewis
Fair has graduated from one of White
Plains' most widely known institutions,
the Keeley Gold Cure Institute. The us
ual Keeleylte finds quarters in one of
the hotels or boarding-houses. Fair, how
ever, hired a handsome residence, and for
a month resided there with Mrs. Fair and
their servants.
The time was spent very quietly. Four
times a day Fair reported at the Insti
tute and with the other thirty patients
bared his arm for the hypodermic injec
tion. Fair attracted considerable atten
tion as it became noised about who the
temporary resident of White Plains was,
although he at first attempted to avoid
any notoriety by assuming the name of
C. D. Forbes. Many drives were taken
through the beautiful roads of West
chester County. Mr. and Mrß. Fair left
White Plains yesterday and are now In
New Tork City. To-morrow they sail
for an extended trip abroad.
BELEW HELD
FOR SLATING
HIS SISTER
Denied Bail and Given
Into the Sheriffs
Custody.
Trial' of the Poisoner Will
Be Set for an Early
Date.
He Has Regained Confidence
and Composedly Faces
the Court.
JUDGE'S QUEER RULING
Orders the Prisoner's Brother- in-L«w
to Confer With Counsel for
the Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAIRFIELD, Feb. 11.— Frank Be
lew, who confessed that he poisoned
his brother and sister, was examined
before Justice Maynard to-day and
held for trial on the charge of murder.
The specific charge against him was
the murder of his sister, Susie E.
Belew, who died a few hours after par
taking of food prepared with water
into which he had thrown a rat-ex
terminating poison containing arsenic
in large quantities. If the authorities
fail to obtain a conviction on that
charge, the Grand Jury will be asked
to indict Belew for the murder of his
brother.
The excitement consequent upon the
arrest and subsequent confession of
Belew has nearly died out, a.nd but
little interest was taken in the exami
nation. It was expected that people
from all parts of Solano County would
attend the preliminary hearing and the
Superior Court room was engaged to
accommodate them. When Justice
Maynard took his seat on the bench at
10 o'clock the room was not half filled,
and many of the spectators left before
the proceedings were over.
Reese Clark of Woodland and G. A.
Lamont of Suisun appeared for Belew,
while the prosecution was conducted
by District Attorney Devlin. Belew
nodded carelessly to his acquaintances
when he was brought into the court
room by Sheriff Rush and Under Sher
iff Robinson. He appeared to have re
gained complete control of his nerves.
It was predicted that he would break
down when the witnesses commenced
giving the testimony that will un
doubtedly bring him to tne scaffold.
Belew remained perfectly composed,
however, and to all appearances was
the most disinterested person in the
room. He leaned back easily in a
chair at the side of his counsel and
never for an instant did he betray any
emotion. He listened to the witnesses
with as much indifference _as if they
were telling something in which he did
not have the least concern.
B. F. Newby, a constable at Dixo-n,
| briefly testified to having had the wa
' ttr in the tea kettle analyzed, after
the prisoner had suggested to him the
advisability of having the kettle re
, tamed to be used as evidence in the
event of the prisoner being found.
Attorney Clark devoted his cross-ex
amination principally to questions rela
tive to the size of the kettle and the
number of holes c/n the stove in the
i Belew kitchen. All of these were very
! amusing, for the spectators chuckled.
Bruno Klein, who partook of the poi
i soned food and came near losing his
i life, told of how he became sick about
ten minutes after eating the poisoned
food. Susie Belew, he said, was sick
when he went to the house for break
fast.
District Attorney Devlin introduced
I in evidence the testimony from Belew
] at the Coroner's inquest, and the pros
j ecuticm rested its case.
Attorney Lamont asked that a recess
of ten minutes be taken, in order that
he might consult with his associate.
I When court reconvened Lamont moved
' for a dismissal of the case. He said
i that there was not sufficient testimony
| to warrant the court in holding Belew
; for trial. He argued at length that
i there was no evidence to corroborate
the confession of Belew, and said that
the Supreme Court had held that the
simple confession of a prisoner in cap
ital crimes was not alone sufficient to
uphold a verdict of conviction.
Attorney Clark followed in the same
strain and said:
"Outside of the ultra-judicial confes
sion of Frank Belew there is not a
single guilty circumstance around him,
! and there never will be."
"I think that there is sufficient cvi
! dence to warrant me holding the
I prisoner," replied Justice Maynard,
"and the order of the court is that he
be held to answer a charge of murder
i without bail."
"Is John W. Bird in the courtroom?"
1 asked Attorney Lamont.
Bird is a brother-in-law of Belew,
' and to him the former first admitted
! his guilt. Bird arose in his seat and
! advanced a few feet.
"We are surprised," said Lamont,
"that the prosecutor did not see fit to
place Bird on the witness stand. We
.have learned, through the papers, that
he is in possession of important evi
dence and we wish to consult with
him. I would ask that he meet Mr.
Clark and myself at my office after ad
journment of court."
Attorney Clark seconded the request,
whereupon Bird declared that he would
not go to the office.
"I have nothing to do there and I'm
not going. I don't want to see you,
Mr. Clark," he said.
Justice Maynard frowned and direct
ed Bird to step forward. "It is your
duty to go to the office as requested
said he, "and it is the order of court
that you do so."
The order of Justice Maynard was a
surprise, for he had no legal right to
make it. Bird scowled, and when the
Sheriff removed the prisoner, he left
the courtroom with the other specta
tors. He obeyed the order to the extent
of going to the office, but he would
not consult with Belew's counsel.
Belew will be arraigned as soon as
the necessary information is filed
against him by District Attorney Dev
lin, and the case set for trial at an
early date. The authorities expect to
have a hard time in getting a jury, as
nearly every one in Solano County has
a very fixed opinion as to the guilt of
the defendant. .
Chile and Peru Agree.
Copyright, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Feb. 11.— I am reliably In
formed that an agreement between Chile
and Peru for the settlement of the Ques
tion nbout the ownership of the provinces
of Tacna and Arlca li praotlcalfy a fact.
This agreement Is the reason of the visit
of Vice-President BUHCf burtt,
MYTHICAL FOES
ON HIS TRAIL
Thomas Findley of San
Francisco Insane at
Tacoma.
Examined Before Judge Kean
and Committed to an
Asylum.
Has for Weeks Believed That Armed
Men Were Seeking to Take
His Lifo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 11.— Thomas Findley,
a San Francisco clerk, 29 years old,
was an object of pity to-day as he sat
before Judge Kean being examined for
Insanity. For a number of weeks Find
ley has believed that armed men were
chasing him with the Intention of kill
ing him. He has wandered about the
country east and south from Tacoma,
being fairly rational when in company,
but at other times acting demented.
He arrived In Orting yesterday morn-
Ing, and a few hours later jumped into
the Carbon River, trying to hide from
hiß rescuers behind some rocks. He
was taken out and locked up. This
morning the town marshal brought him
to Tacoma, and he was sent to an in
sane asylum.
Findley told the court that before
coming here last month he worked for
Thomas Kerr,*a merchant on Montgom
ery street, San Francisco. He came
north, intending to go to the Klondike.
On the boat his imaginary pursuer 3
haunted him. Since arriving he has
been wanderingbetweenPuyallup, Roy,
Kent and Sumner. Much of the time
he has spent in the woods with little
to eat.
The examining physician to-day ex
pressed the belief that Findley had
hereditary insanity, and that it had
been hastened by privations and bad
habits. He is an inveterate cigarette
srm-ker, preferring a cigarette to his
dinner. His disease has taken the form
of melancholia and insomnia, and he
has a strong desire to kill himself by
drowning or poison. He acts like one
in the incipient stages of general pa
ralysis, which will be his lot unless the
asylum can cure him. His brother,
Frank Findley, Is secretary to Mr.
Moody at Sausalito, Cal.
KLAMATH LANDS
TO BE ALLOTTED
California and Oregon Land
Company Loses Its In
junction Suit.
The Government Retains Possession
of the Large Tracts in
Dispute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 11.— In the Unit
ed States District Court to-day Judge
Bellinger handed down a decision in the
case of the California and Oregon Land
Company vs. the Government agents
seeking to allot the lands of the Klamath
Indian reservation.
The plaintiff corporation sought to re
strain the agents from allotting the lands
on the ground that It had title to them
by virtue of purchase from the Oregon
Central Military Road Company. The
lands in dispute, comprising about 130,000
acres, were a portion of the grant of
Congress to the State of Oregon for the
construction of a military road from Eu
gene City to the. eastern boundary of the
State. In 1864 the State deeded the land
to the Oregon Central Military Road
Company, which constructed the road
and the plaintiff In this action claims to
have acquired title by purchase from the
latter.
The case was presented to the court on
an application for a temporary injunc
tion restraining the defendants from pro
ceedings for the allotment until the mer
its of the controversy are determined.
The court denied the application, and this
virtually disposes of the matter, as the
allotting agents can now proceed with
their work without further interruption.
If the plaintiff has further recourse It is
against the Government for the value of
the land that It claims title to.
In the treaty with the Indians the court
finds that a reservation was made for
the land now known as the Klamath res
ervation, and that title to this never
passed from the Indians.
GIVEN FREEDOM
BY THE JURY
James F. Petray of Sonoma
Found Not Guilty of
Manslaughter.
Returned After a Long Absence to
Stand Trial for the Killing of
John Bachman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 11.— The case of
James F. Petray, charged with man
slaughter, which has occupied the atten
tion of Department 2 of the Superior
Court for several days, came to a close
this afternoon, the jury bringing in a ver
dict of not guilty. The trial has been
one of the most largely attended here in
years, residents from all parts of the
county having been in constant attend
ance since the case was called.
The crime with which Petray was
charged was the killing of John Bachman
on March 1, 1894. Petray's father and
Bachman, who were neighbops, had some
trouble over stock, and young Petray
struck Bachman several times during the
discussion. Shortly afterward Bachman
died, and the Grand Jury returned an in
dictment against his assailant, charging
him with manslaughter.
Before the officers could serve the pa
pers upon him Petray disappeared, and.
despite the efforts of the authorities, could
not be found. A few months ago he sud
denly returned and expressed a desire to
stand trial. His appearance created a
great sensation owing to the prominence
of his family and the importance of the
case, but the trial was begun at once,
and ended w(J'n the result here an
nounced. The jury was out only three
minutes, and upon its return to the court
room the defendant and his attorneys
T. J. Geary and A. B. Ware, received the
enthusiastic congratulations of Petray's
friends.
Beported Killed in Alaska.
STOCKTON. Feb. 11.— It was rumored
in Stockton to-day that Messrs. Powers
and Woods, who left Milton last summer
for the Alaska goldfields, had been caught
by an avalanche and burled alive. Mrs.
Sollinger, a sister of Woods, says that
she last heard from her brother in Sep
tember. His relatives, however, express
no anxiety over the fact that he has not
written.
LAWYERS WILL
GET NEARLY ALL
What the Barron Will
Contest Has Cost Young
George.
Has Paid Over Seventy Thou
sand Dollars to His
Attorneys.
Eager Now to Compromise and Say«
What Is Lete t of His For-
tune.
Special Dispatch *- The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 11.— The hearing of
the petition asking leave to compromise
the contest of the will of the late mil
lionaire Edward Barron, brought by
George E. Barron, a son, came up in
Judge Hyland's court this morning.
The case was argued and submitted.
Attorney H. V. Morehouse appeared fof
George E. Barron, Judge McKinstry
for Mary F. Barron, and Judge Spen*
cer for Eva Rose Barron, the widow,
and minor children. Maurice O'Brien
and John E. Auzerais, trustees of the
fund created for George Barron, were
represented by Attorney Cothran.
These parties all consented to the pro-«
posed compromise and its terms.
George Barron, the contestant, went
on the stand to give testimony in sup
port of his petition to terminate the
trust made by his father and to effect
a compromise of the contest. He said
that the fight to break his father's will
in order to make him heir to about
$250,000 instead of making him the ben
eficiary of the income of 1100,000, a*
willed by his father, had cost him
nearly $71,000. The $li"U>00 fund had
now grown, with Its accumulations, to
$121,000. and during the legal battle
friends were constantly advancing him
money with which to pay his attorneys
and incidental expenses. The item of
expense had amounted, with what he
had yet to pay, to $71,000.
Barron Bald that he believed it to be
for. the best interests of the estate to
terminate the trust, and after paying
the $71,000 to him with which to liqui
date all claims against him, the other
$50,000 could remain in trust for him,
with Mary F. Barron, widow of Wil
liam Barron, to go to George Barron's
issue, if he had any, and if not, then
to the children of Mary F. Barron.
MAY ESTABLISH AN
INDEPENDENT REPUBLIC.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS A^KtJS. Feb. 11.— Advices
from the Herald's correspondent in Rio
Janeiro state that there is some reason
to believe that representatives of the
States of Rio Grande do Sul, Parana,
Santa Cathrina and Minaggeraes will soon
meet and proclaim their separation from
Brazil and establish an independent re
public.
Recent orders from Brazil to the United
States for twenty locomotivr-s are regard
ed by the press of Rio Janeiro as a sign
of a renewal of commercial relations be
tween the two Governments.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
Is the working capital of humanity. He
who loses that Is s wrecked Indeed. Is
your health falling you, your strength,
i ambition, vigor, manliness wasting away?.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DR. SWEANY.
For the speedy, safe and permanent
cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated
forms. Thereisnoone man in the world
who has effected so many permanent
cures in both Men and Women of Trou-
bles which other physicians of ac-
knowledged ability had given up as
hopeless as this eminent specialist.
NERVOUS DEBILITY ff n n ff d •%&£**%
young, middle-aged and old men. The
awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases causing drains, weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, failing mem-
ory, lack of energy and confidence, ' pains
in back, < loins and kidneys and many
other distressing symptoms, unfitting one
for study, business or enjoyment of life.
Dr. Sweany can cure you, no matter
who or what has failed. •
njrii- MCV ** c restores lost vigor and
YTCAIV ITICn. vitality to weak men. Or-
gans of the body which have been weak-
ened through disease, overwork, excesses ■
or Indiscretions are restored to full power,
strength and vigor through his own suc-
cessful system of treatment. r ,:-'; --••:
DI T PTIIDF Cured by his new method,
nUll without knife, truss or deten-
tion from .work— a painless, sure and per-
menent cure. ;■'.. . ■ .
VADIffITFTE Hydrocele, swelling and
TAniWIIWCLC, tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation, dIs-
rKI V A I E IMStA>ES, oi, a rges. strict-
ures, !, which .if neglected or improperly
treated break down the . .system, "cause
kidney and bladder diseases, etc.
DISEASES OF WOMEN. m ? t al^;-givena 1^;-
given to all their many ailments. ■
WDITE If you are aware of any trouble .
ttKllC. DO NOT DELAY; call on Dr.
Bweany to-day. If you cannot call write
him. His valuable book free to all , suf-
ferers. - CONSULTATION FREE and
confidential, at office or by letter." F. L.
; SWEANY. M.D.. 737 Market .street, op-
posite Grant avenue, San Francisco, Cal.
iRUNKENHESSr
Morphine and Opium Habits. ; Painless '■:'.*■
treatment. Sixth year; 1000 cured ;.- low- r "
est prices; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out. :
Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL 26 Page St., S.T. •
34
PLENTY OF
COLD IN OUR
TERRITORY
Captain Ray Reports
on the Riches of
Alaska
Many Paying Claims on
the American Side
Not Yet Worked.
Recommendations Made for the
Establishment of Needed
Military Posts.
THE GRAB AT FORT YUKON
In Official Language the Officer Tells
How He Stood Off a Greedy-
Mob.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 11.
The "War Department to-day made
public advices received from Captain
F. H. Ray of the Eighth Infantry, who
was sent to Alaska to report on con
ditions in the mining country.
The reports embrace a period run
ning from October 3 to November 3, and
are dated from Circle City and Fort
Yukon. They show a very serious state
of affairs; that trouble is threatened at
various places, and that there is serious
danger at some points of lack of food,
owing in a large measure to the failure
of the transportation companies to get
sufficient supplies.
In a report dated Circle City, October
3, Captain Ray recommends that
should the Government desire to es
tablish a post on the Supper River,
the mouth of Mission or American
Creek be chosen as the site, with a sub
post, if necessary, at Circle City. The
best interests of the service, he says,
require permanent garrisons to be lo
cated well away from mining towns,
so that the troops', if required to act,
will not be biased by local influences.
"There has been," he adds, "less than
2000 tons of freight, all told, delivered
above Fort Yukon, and there is now
lying at that point 500 tons of provis
ions and liquor cached by steamers
that could not get over the flats. This
failure on the part of the transporta
tion companies to put into the mining
districts a sufficient supply of food has
not only given a 6erious check to the
mining interests and caused great suf
fering, but has destroyed all confidence
among the people in their ability to
supply the demand by this route.
"I am well satisfied that much more
could be accomplished if the employes
of the transportation companies de
voted less time to personal traffic.
From what I have learned from mine
owners and prospectors, I am fully sat
isfied the greater part of the gold belt
lies in our territory- along the range
known as the Upper Ramparts, and
that along the Tannanah, Minook
Creek, Birch Creek and the head of
Forty-mile, there were diggings that
will pay from $10 to $20 per day per
man now lying idle, as they will not
pay expenses at the present period. I
am satisfied that with adequate means
of transportation and cheaper food
this will develop into one of the great
est gold producing regions in the
world.
Apparently Captain Ray left Fort
Yukon for a time, as under date of
that place of November 1, he says that
since his return matters have assumed
a very serious aspect. The Alaska
Commercial Company had a cache of
200 tons four miles above Fort Yukon
and th« X. A. T. & T. Co. a cache at
Fort Yukon. The Alaska company's
agent reported to him a meeting was
being h^ld to further a movement to
seize the company's cache. He adds:
"I went up with Mr. Richardson and
soon after reaching there was waited
upon by a committee from the miners'
meeting, which stated their demands;
that there were seventy-five of them
and they demanded they be furnished
on credit 'an outfit of provisions and
clothing for nine months.' This. Mr.
Davis, the agent, declined to do.
"I explained to them that I would
give orders on the stores for food to
•feed the destitute, but as the com
panies offered work at good wages, the
able-bodied should accept it, and those
having money would be allowed to pur
chase a reasonable outfit of provisions
for the balance of the year. I came
away without getting any definite an
•wer out of them, leaving Lieutenant
Richardson at the cache for the night.
I received a note from him saying he
believed they intended to attack the
cache at 10 a. m. the next day. I at
once issued notices taking possession of
the cache and had them posted that
night on the door of the storehouse and
in all the camps, and early next morn
ing started from here vnth twenty-five
men volunteers. I could not arm them
efficiently, being able to raise only five
rifles and a few pistols, so 1 determined
it wise not to take anything but pistols
concealed.
"Soon after starting word came to me
that they had passed a resolution to
arrest me, should I attempt to go to
the cache.
"When I arrived within one and one
half miles of the cache, I was met by
one man (Noblett), who stated the
miners wished to have me come to
their camp to talk over the situation,
which I declined to do. He then came
out in his true colors, • and said they
had determined to prevent my going
forward by force, and at a signal from
him, twenty-two men, armed with
rifles, came out of the timber and cov
ered the party. Noblett said they had
possession of the cache. As Lieuten
ant Richardson was there and as I had
not heard any firing, I knew his state
ment was false, and said so, at the
same time starting on, and told them
they might open the fight if they
■wished to. He then said that as condi
tions were changed by my seizure of
the stores and they were loth to dis
turb Government property, if I
would .wait . a few moments he would
consult with the committee, and asked
If I was still willing to feed the desti
tute.
"I stated my terms to feed the desti
tute, and as long as the companies
would take wood there. They were to
go to work at the rate of $5 per cord,
and if they could not, get work they
would be fed if possible until the river
opened; that bona-fide miners could
obtain outfits provided they went into
the field. In a few moments he (Nob
lett) returned and said they : accepted
the terms, and I went on to the cache,
•where I found between thirty and forty
men who said they had nothing and I
caused all to be fed. I haVe hoisted
the flag over the buildings and placed
m.. Tuard. ' HH?
GUNBOAT SENT
TO SKAGUAY TO
ENFORCE ORDER
Governor Brady of Alaska Said to
Have Caused the Wheeling
to Sail From Sitka.
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— A report is current here that the United States
steamship Wheeling has been ordered from Sltka to Skaguay. The In
formation was contained in a letter received by a resident of this city
from his daughter, who is located in Alaska's capital.
The letter states that Governor John G. Brady, who realizes im
pending and serious trouble as a consequence of the great influx of
gold prospectors to the gateway of the Yukon, has issued the order.
The story is not generally believed here, as passengers on the steam
er City of Topeka, which left Sitka on February 4, brought no confir
matory news.
The Wheeling was ordered to Sitka to supersede the old and dilapi
dated gunboat Pinta. She left San Francisco Bay on January 1, and
proceeded north to her destination after touching at Esquimau, Wran
gel, Juneau and Skaguay, reaching Pitka on January 25. The Wheel
ing is a sister ship to the Marietta, and is commanded by U. Sebree.
The steamship Utopia, which arrived from Skaguay and Dyea this
morning, reports that a vigilance committee is being formed at Skag
uay, and it is the intention of the committee to drive out of town the
horde of roughs and bunco men.
"Holdups" and petty larceny are being daily reported, and it is more
than probable that lynchings will occur unless the authorities act
promptly.
CANADA SHOWS
SOME ANXIETY
Fears American Customs
Regulations May Be
Stringent.
Transshipment at Fort Wran
gel Likely to Be Pro
hibited.
Dominion Issues Rules Governing
Entry of Goods Into the
Yukon District.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— A telegram from
Ottawa this evening says: The Amer
ican customs regulations of February
2 were supposed to cover trans-ship
ment at Wrangel, but unfortunately
this is not correct and the Government
is anxiously waiting for advices from
Washington. It is feared that the
American authorities are going to act
in an unexpected manner, and in that
case the trans-shipment must take
place at a Canadian port.
It is said that Mann & Mackenzie,
contractors for the Canadian Yukon
railroad, have had this in view and
they have secured a Canadian island
just north of the entrance to Portland
Canal and will make it the point of
trans-shipment. The feeling here is
that the situation is somewhat critical.
Regulations governing the entry of
goods into the Yukon district were is
sued this afternoon. They provide that
Canadian goods must be carried in
British bottoms to be entitled to free
entry through the Canadian customs.
Indorsation of the ceriflcate must be
procured from the authorities in Van
couver, Victoria or British Columbia
ports, to the effect that the goods were
shipped duty free from a port in Brit
ish Columbia. This will be attached to
a manifesto of office containing a de
scription of the goods and must be pre
sented to the customs officer at a Can
adian frontier port on the Yukon or
Stickeen.
Jennings' report on the Stickeen rail
road was presented to Parliament to
day. He says the total cost of the
railway will approximate $4,000,000. The
line is to commence at Little Canyon,
ninety-six miles from the sea, running
on the east bank of the river and cross
ing the Stickeen by a bridge to cost
$740,000.
A telegram has been received from
Washington, D. C, stating that Con
gressman Lewis of Seattle had left to
night for Ottawa. He goes in the in
terests of American citizens bound for
the Klondike. Before his departure.
Congressman Lewis thus expressed
himself:
"I go to have a conference with the
Canadian authorities with a view of
bringing about a regulation permitting
British Consuls and Deputy Consuls to
issue mining licenses to any American
citizen or to any citizen passing from
any American port bound for Alaska.
Protests from the Pacific Coast have
been so numerous at the Treasury De
partment and Department of State for
want of special information which
they were unable to get that I had a
conference to-day on the subject with
Assistant Secretary Howell, who ap
proved of my mission.
"Secretary Gage being in Chicago,
Secretary Howell reqursted that I con
fer with the Department of State. Ac
cordingly I had a conferer^e with As
sistant Secretary Day. Hl approved of
my plan and gave me a letter to Sir
Julian Pauncefote with a request that
he render me such assistance as would
enable me to bring about the object of
my errand."
FESTIVAL OF SPORTS.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 11.— There will be a
grand festival of sports in this city from
July 9 to 12 under the auspices of the
Pacific Coast Division of the Turners,
Preparations for the event are now pro
gressing, and the meeting promises to be
one of the most important ever held on
this coast. There will be games of all
kinds, such as turning, gymnastics, base
ball, cycling and racing. Special trains
will be run from Oakland and San Fran
cisco.
The festival in this city commences im
mediately after the adjournment of the
National Turner Bund in San Francisco,
and it is expected that there will be
fully 5000 visitors. Delegates from Ore
gon, Washington and this State and a
great many members of the National
Bund will attend. San Jose Verein has
appointed the following committee to
make all arrangements for the festival:
Albert Currlin. chairman; Louis Hennlng,
H. W. Otter, L. Weber. F. Schumacher,
A. Greenlnger, H. Roehr, F. Butter, L.
Ziegler. .
Fresno Pioneer Passes Away.
FRESNO, Feb. 11.— James McCardle,
one of the oldeßt and best-known citizens
of Fresno, died this afternoon of pneu
monia. He came to this State in 1849,
when he was about 15 years old, and set
tled in this vicinity before Fresno County
was organized. He was engaged in the
lumber business and owned a sawmill at
Pine Ridge. He was 65 years old. A
widow and three children survive him.
Lived Almost a Century.
HOLLIBTER, Feb. 11.— Mrs. Samuel
Breen, one of the pioneer women of Cali
fornia, died to-day at the age of 98 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 155, 1898.
MUCH COLD ON
TANANA CREEK
E. Hazard Wells Says
There Is Wealth on
the American Side.
Found Some Rich Quartz, but
Lost His Assay Speci
mens.
There Have Lately Been Rich Strikes
Made on Bonanza and Hun
ker Creeks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— Pursuant
to instructions from the Acting Sec
retary of War, a special supplementary
report has been prepared by Mr. E.
Hazard Wells, who acted as agent for
the War Department in carrying Cap
tain Ray's dispatches. Mr. Wells has
been in the country three times, has
traversed interior Alaska and has a
practical knowledge of the country
that is inhabited by a few persons.
He says, among other things: "There
are undoubtedly large deposits of gold
in Alaska rivaling those of the British
Northwest Territory. I noticed excel
lent mineral indications up on the Ta
nana River, and in other localities. In
1860 I discovered a true fissure vein of
quartz eight feet in diameter with well
defined casing rocks upon the upper
Tanana. This quartz evidently con
tained metal. Specimens which I se
cured to take out to San Francisco for
assay were subsequently lost in a river
catastrophe. Numerous creeks enter
ing the Upper Tanana revealed colors
of gold in the sands.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 11.— J. L.
Schroeder of San Francisco, who left
Dawson City December 20, arrived on
the steamer Oregon to-day. He reports
that just before he left, rich strikes
had been made on Henderson Creek,
seventy miles southeast from Dawson,
and that additional rich finds had been
made on Bonanza and Hunker creeks.
He also reports that very rich quartz
ledges have been located on Stewart
River, and that a party of twenty,
headed by an experienced mining en
gineer, had Just left Dawson for that
region. He said that the strikes on
Henderson Creek were so rich as to
cause quite a stampede to that locality.
LOADING THE LUCILE.
Relief Expedition Supplies Are Being
Hurried Aboard.
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— Energetic work
is going forward to have everything in
readiness for the steamer Lucile to
sail to-morrow for Dyea. She will car
ry a portion of the Government relief
expedition and will be in tow of the
tug Sea Lion. It is now believed, how
ever, that she will not get off before
Sunday.
To-day by special trains twenty-two
packers in command of Lieutenant
Guy H. Preston and Lieutenant J. A.
Ryan reached this city from Vancou
ver Barracks. In the stock cars at
tached to the trains were 110 mules,
which will do duty through the snow
and ice to Lake Le Barge.
A shipment of 20,000 feet of lumber
was taken aboard the Lucile to-day.
After noon to-morrow only goods of
the relief expedition will be loaded on
the steamer. Berths and dining ac
commodations for the soldiers are be
ing fitted up under the direction of
Captain Robinson.
COURSING HOUNDS MATCHED.
Drawings for To-Morrow's Contests
at the Sacramento Park.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11.— The now man
agement of the Sacramento Coursing As
sociation promises an extraordinary and
interesting score card for Sunday. Fol
lowing is the drawing of dogs made to
night:
Beaten dogs stake— J. H. Ryan's For
est Queen vs. J. Stebbins' Pryor; J. Mc-
Donald's Tinker vs. Condrey & Rought's
Arrah-go-on; Sacramento kennel's Rat
tlebones vs. Alvord & Young's Elita A;
Rustron's Lady Sutter vs. Ed Lloyd's
Mission Boy; Ed Boylan's Fire Chief vs.
Condrey & Rought's Faster and Faster;
L. McMahon's Lily of the West vs. Bol
dier Walker's Nancy Lee- J. McDonald's
Mr. Dunk vs. J. Kelly's Sarcastic Jr.; J
Hill's Kitty Lonsdale vs. W. Tyers' Flora;
Ed Boylan's Ingleside vs. J. McDonald's
Pansy; Sutter kennel's Mail Carrier vs.
Sutter kennel's Combination; J. H.
Ryan's Peter Maher vs. J. McGuire's
Pride of Arizona; J. H. Ryan's Montana
vs. J. Kelly's Tic Tic.
Sapling stake— B. and D.'s Trinket vs.
C. Woodforth's Morello; J. McDonald's
Duke of Wellington vs. R. Enright's
Cricket; Nethercott Bros.* Jessie S vs.
J. McDonald's Mayday; C. Gallagher's It
vs. W. Pierces Penelope; T. Sheehan's
Gratify vs. Ed Lloyd's Quirt; Balsz Bros.'
Red Cloud Jr. vs. Condry & Rought's
Jealousy; Dan Walsh's Reception II vs.
B. and D.'s Bingo; Alvord & Toung's
Press vs. Tryon & Scott's Buck Massie.
Loses His Life in a Mine.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11.— Terranca
Biernace, one of the oldest citizens in the
vicinity of Folsom, was killed to-day by
being caved on in a mine at "Nigger"
Hill, three miles from Repressa. Bier
nace settled at Mormon Island in 1854 and
was 61 years old. He leaves one daugh
ter, a teacher in Amador County. Mr.
Bieraace was for ten years a guard at
the Folsom prison.
WILL RESTORE
HOMESTEAD LAW
Important Amendment to
an Appropriation
Measure.
Senators Would Protect the
Settlers on the Public
Domain.
Passage of the Indian Appropriation
Bill Which Carries Eight
Million Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, Feb. 11.
Consideration of the Indian appro
priation bill was resumed by the Sen
ate to-day, and after being amended
to some extent the measure was
passed. The most important amend
ment to the bill was that offered by
Pettigrew of South Dakota, which, if
finally enacted, will restore th§ free
homestead law so far as it relates to
Indian lands ceded to the United
States, for which lands the settlers
have been obliged to pay the purchase
price paid to the Indians. The bill car-
ries appropriations aggregating nearly
$8,000,000. The Senate decided to ad
journ till Monday.
A i*..i .providing- for American register
of the steamer i_.eelanaw of ban £ ran
cisco was passed.
• Allen of Nebraska introduced a resolu
tion directing the Committee on Foreign
Relations to inquire whether the yacnt
Buccaneer, owned by William- R. Hearst,
had been seized and - was held by ■ the
Spanish Government. It was agreed to.
The Indian. appropriation bill was then
taken up. Allen withdrew his apoeai
from the decision of tne Vice-President,
which was pending when the Senate ad
journed last evening.
Pettigrew of South Dakota offered an
amendment to the Indian appropriation
bill providing for the restoration of free
homestead laws. He explained that the
amendment, if adopted, would allow set
tlers to secure title to their lands after
a period of five years by the payment of
the land office fees. It restored the
homestead law of 1862. Gradually, '- he
said, laws have been enacted repealing
that law, until now there is practically
no land left suitable for settlement un
der that law. Pettigrew did not desire
to discuss the amendment at length, but
as it had been passed by the Senate and
indorsed by every political party, it ought
now, he said, be favorably ( considered
by the Senate. • ■-•..•'... < .-.-. ■„•
Carter of Montana . supported ; the
amendment. ' '■-'■. ' .■■<-■;■
Allison said he would have to. make the
point of order against the amendment.
Pettigrew then withdrew the amend
ment and offered another, eliminating the
military reservations which have been
opened to settlement.
Pascoe held that in the interest of jus
tice the elimination of the military res
ervations ought not to be permitted,.. He
explained that if the amendment was
adopted the settlers on the. abandoned
military' reservations would lose the influ
ence of their present allies, the settlers
on the Indian reservation lands.
Pascoe gave notice that he would here
after. In the event of the enactment of
the amendment, press the claims of the
settlers on abandoned military reserva
tions. The amendment was then adopted
without division. It is as follows:
"That all settlors under the homestead
laws of the United States upon the public
lands acquired prior to the passage of
this act, by treaty or agreement, from
the various Indian tribes, .who have* or
who shall hereafter reside. upon the tract
entered in good faith for the period re
quired by existing law shall be entitled
to a patent for the lands so entered upon
by the payment to the local land officers
of the usual and customary fees,' and no
other or further charge of- any kind
whatsoever shall be required ( from such
settler to entitle him to a patent for the
land covered by his entry; provided, that
the right to commute any such entry and
pay for said lands in the option of any
such settler and in the time and at the
prices now fixed by existing laws, shall
remain in full force and effect; provided,
however, that all sums of money bo re
leased, which, if not released, would be
long to any Indian tribe, ,shall be paid to
such Indian tribe by the United States."
Allen of Nebraska 1 introduced his
amendment providing for a restoration of
annuities of the Santee Indians and dis
cussed It in extent. He was -followed by
Pettigrew In support of the amendment.
Allen made the point of order against the
report saying It was new legislation, and
the point of order was sustained. The
amendments to the bill were agreed to,
and as amended the bill was passed. -
Allison moved that when the Senate
adjourned to-day it be : until Monday
next, and the motion was agreed to.
GETTING READY FOR THE FAIR.
Cloverdale Puts on Holiday Garb to
Receive Her Guests.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 11.— All Cloverdale
is afire with citrus fair enthusiasm.
Streets and sidewalks are being cleared
of mud and gravel substituted; the busi
ness houses are placing their stocks in
apple-pie order— in fact, the community
is determined to present a "scrubbed
face" to the visitors to the fair.
The pavilion interior, now in the hands
of decorators, is already presenting a
pretty appearance in its dress of white,
green and yellow bunting. Growing ferns,
palms and tropical plants will be a pleas
ing addition to the artistic effect. Ex
hibitors whose intention it is to make an
elaborate display are already at work.
Many unique designs will be there. The
Call building will be represented in min
iature. A fountain, a small lake, a Ferris
wheel, a lighthouse and a castle are In
course of construction. The art booth
will be a leading feature. Mrs. C. E.
Humbert, Misses Lena Brush and Emelie
Hagmayer, prominent local artists, have
this in charge.
ARRIVES ON A SAD MISSION.
Sea Captain to Bury Wife and Two
Children at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Feb. 11.— Captain Thomas
Mollestad, master of the schooner News
boy, arrived to-day on a sad errand— that
of burying his wif« and two children.
His wife died in a hospital at Hakodate,
Japan, on December 22. Her child lived
but five hours. The captain had been
obliged to sail with his vessel for San
Francisco, but when he left Japan his
wife was thought to be recovering. Upon
his arrival on this coast he learned of ncr
death and ordered the body forwarded to
Tacoma, Mrs. Mollestad's former home,
for burial. His two-year-old son, who
died in November at Tientsin, China, will
also be buried to-morrow. Captain Mol
lestad's "mission thus being to lay his en
tire famiiy In their final resting place.
NO MONEY FOR DREDGING.
Fight in Congress for River Improve-
ments Temporarily Given Up.
STOCKTON, Feb. 11.— News has been
received bere from "Washington that at
a meeting of the California Representa
tives In Congress It was decided useless
to attempt to get an appropriation at this
session for river Improvements. It was
considered very unlikely that money
could be obtained for dredging the San
Joaquln River. It was expected that P.
A. Buell of this city, who went to "Wash
ington in the interest of the river appro
priation, would start for home this even
ing.
The fefrdmile --■ '^y^jf^': J//VA, - ■ T*"' *• 011 «very wrapperi
signature of wC«^S7J2S^ of CASTOBIA.
PLYLER'S WIFE
UNDER ARREST
Accused of Complicity in
the Harris Mayhem
Case.
Indictment Returned by the
Santa Cruz County Grand
Jury.
Belief That She Was a Party to the
Infamous Plot Ao*inat tho
Barber.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 11.— The last act
of the Grand Jury, which has been In
session in this city and which ad
journed this afternoon, was the Indict
ment of Mrs. Minnie M. Plyler, wife of
George Plyler, on the charge of fel
ony, to-wit: mayhem committed upon
Charles Harris. The indictment was
filed in court just before the Grand
Jury gave its final report before ad
journment. It was known that an in
dictment was filed, but it was not made
public until 6:30 o'clock this evening.
It had been surmised that the Grand
Jury would indict Mrs. Plyler, as it was
known that the jurors were at work
on the case, and had examined wit
nesses in regard to her complicity.
Ever since the first arrests of Plyler
and Sehoedde the sentiment has been
that Mrs. Plyler was in the plot and
was aware of what was to occur. Es
pecially since the indictment of Har
veston and his conviction the verdict
was that with the conviction of three
who were implicated all that was need
ed was the arrest of Mrs. Plyler to fully
avenge their crime.
Immediately after the Indictment was
brought into court a bench warrant
was issued for Mrs. Plyler, and it was
telegraphed to Sheriff Lyndon of San
Jose, who placed the woman under ar
rest. Sheriff Besse will leave to-mor
row morning for San Jose, and will re
turn at noon with the prisoner. She
will in all probability be unable to give
the necessary bail, as was the case
■with the three men who have been con
victed and are sentenced to terms in
the State Prison.
The arrest of Mrs. Plyler gives gen
eral satisfaction. The excitement here
is high, as the Indictment followed bo
closely the sentencing of Joe Harves
ton this morning. Plyler, Sehoedde and
Harveston were all convicted, and are
now in Jail, having appealed to the Su
preme Court. Harveston was this
morning sentenced to rourfeen years'
imprisonment in San Quentin.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 11.— Mrs. Plyler was
arrested at her home this evening, on
the indictment found by the Grand
Jury at Santa Cruz. She was taken to.
the County Jail and locked up. and will
be taken to Santa Cruz to-morrow.
When arrested she broke into tears,
but asserted her innocence, and says
she was indicted through spite work,
and because she had told the truth dur
ing the trial of Harveston. She said
the blow would kill her mother, but
that she was young and strong and
could stand the punishment which they
seemed determined to give her.
REPLIES TO THE
SPEECH OF THE THRONE.
John Redmond Moves an Amendment
in the Interests of the Irish,
Which Is Defeated.
LONDON, Feb. 11.— In the House of
Commons to-day John Redmond, the Par
nellite leader, moved an amendment to
the address in reply to the speech of the
throne at the opening of Parliament. It
was to the effect "that while the House
regards with satisfaction the proposed
bill for the reform of local government
In Ireland, the measure will in no wise
meet the demand for an independent Irish'
Parliament."
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the Lib
eral leader, replied, emphasizing the 1 sac
rifice the Liberals had made for home
rule, which he had supported.
But, the speaker pointed out, the su
premacy of the Imperial Parliament was
a material feature of Mr. Gladstone's
bill and was accepted by the Nationalist
leaders.
John Dillon, chairman of the Irish Par
liamentary party, said he would support
the amendment. Dillon warned the Liber
als that they would lose the Irish vote
unless home rule headed their pro
gramme.
The House rejected the amendment by
152 to 100 votes.
GRASS VALLEY MINER'S
AWFUL PLUNGE TO DEATH.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. 11.— At the
Maryland mine to-day, while the miners
were coming to the surface after the
day's work, a signal was given by Jacob
Coombs for the ascending cage carrying
other miners to stop at the level and
take him aboard. The cage was stopped
and he gave the signal to go ahead as he
stepped toward it. but his coat caught
upon a projecting lever at the landing and
he was unable to get upon the ascending
cage. As he hung over a shaft 300 feet
deep the miners on the cage endeavored
to save him, endangering their own lives
in the effort; but, there being no way to
signal for a stoppage of the cage they
had to let go of him just when reaching a
point in the shaft where heavy timbers
would have torn him from their grasp.
He fell 300 feet and was instantly killed.
He was a native of England and leaves a
widow and five children.
MOVEMENTS OF WARSHIPS
IN THE FAR EAST.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
YOKOHAMA, Feb. 11.— All the Russian
warships except one have left Chemulpo.
The British admiral has sailed for Na
gasaki. The Japanese warships are di
viding Into two squadrons, one at Yo
kosuku the other at Bhimidzu. They are
not likely to leave Japanese waters.
Steamer coal is very scarce along the
route from Singapore to Vladivostok, the
British having bought all supplies outside
Japan.
The United States cruiser Concord sails
hence on February 19, to relieve the Bos
ton at Chemulpo.
Death of the Khedive's TTnrli»
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAIRO, Feb. 11.— Osman uncle
of the Khedive, died suddenly this morn-
Ing while going to the pyramids. His
death was due to apoplexy.
A French Novelist Dead.
PARIS, Feb. 11.-M. Ferdinand Fabre
the novelist, is dead.
Demand for More Battleships.
The Secretary of the Navy has demanded
more battleships, and there can be no doubt
that Congress will consider his recommenda
tions. Protection is what our seaports re
quire, and fortifications will not adequately
supply this. Defense against all disorders of
a malarial type is, however, adequately
afforded by Hostetter's Stomach Bitters an
efficient remedy, also, for constipation ' bil
iousness, dyspepsia, rheumatism and nervous-
SUITS FILED BY
HIS CREDITORS
David Jacob Defendant
in Litigation at
Portland.
Attack on the Legality of a
Chattel Mortgage Given
by Him.
Two Nephews of the San Francisco
Merchant Named as Co
defendants.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TACOMA, Feb. 11.— Five garnish
ment suits were brought against David
Jacob of San Francisco yesterday and
to-day either Meyer Jacob or Joseph
Jacob being also *a defendant in each
of the suits. These suits are supposed
to be the result of a chattel mortgage
on the stocks of the Chicago Shoe
Store and the City of Paris drygoods
house, which David Jacobs gave
Wednesday to his mother-in-law, Caro
line Boise of San Francisco.
David Jacob came to Tacoma in Jan
uary and purchased an interest in the
two stores, held by his nephews, Meyer
and Joseph Jacob. David Jacob fur
nished about $15,000 with which the
houses were established six years ago.
For some reason he was not satisfied
on his arrival here and thought he
would like to own the stores alone.
His nephews were willing to sell and
on February 1 he became sole owner.
Nine days later the chattel mortgage
mentioned was given to secure these
claims: London and San Francisco
Bank, $1000; Caroline Boise, $6925; his
wife, Jeanne Jacob, $4134; A. Knopf
macher, $650; A. Honel, $600; Sarah Ja
cob, $800; M. Moses, $200. Under the
terms of the mortgage Jacob was to
hold posession, paying off the debts to
the bank and Moses first, and the rest
of the creditors pro rata by quarterly
payment. Knopfmacher, one of the se
cured creditors, is a San Francisco
jeweler; Honel a commission merchant
there, while Sarah Jacob is a cousin
who owns a store in San Diego.
The garnishment suits are brought
against Attorney George Fogg, who re
presents Mrs. Boise, as garnishee. They
are brought to recover sums aggregat
ing $2200, the apparent object of the
garnishers being to contest the legal
ity of the chattel mortgage. The firms
suing are Neustadter Bros, of Portland,
Flelschner, Meyer & Co. of Portland,
Florsheim & Co. of Chicago, Beth D.
Bradley, an firm and the Daily
Ledger of this city. The book ac
counts, which are left unsecured, are
said to amount to about $3000, the
greater part of which is owed to whole
sale firms in San Francisco, including
Sachs Bros., Levi Strauss & Co., Mur
phy, Granf & Co., Kahn Bros., Kline
& Co., Cahn. Nickelsburg & Co.,
Schweitzer & Co. and Buckingham &
Hecht.
Meyer Jacob, one of the outgoing
partners, was married on Wednesday
at Stockton. He is now in San Fran
cisco and is expected to return here
and go into business with his brother
Joseph on their own account. David
Jacob will also remain, his \tife hav
ing arrived yesterday.
ATTEMPTS TO SLAY HIS
WIFE AND HIMSELF.
Sacramento Man Stabs His Bride of
Three Weeks and Tries to
Commit Suicide.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 11.— In a fit of
jealousy to-night Joe Madrone, a Span
ish waiter, stabbed his wife in a J street
lodging house, after choking her into in
sensibility. The knife entered the
woman's lungs, and the attending physi
cians decline to give an unqualified opin
ion respecting her recover}-.
The Madrones have only been married
three weeks. Prior to her marriage Mrs.
Madrone was Carrie Brown of Grass Val
ley. She is indifferent as to whether she
lives or dies, and is reluctant about
PLUG TOBACCO
(CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR)
INCREASED A f% 0 /
in size &s*ir\Jr/o& s *ir\Jr/o
Tie picture shows the exact increase that
has been added to the 5-cent piece. No in-
crease in price -
The biggest bargain in tobacco to-day -is
one of these new pieces of PIPER HEIDSIECK.
Try one.
speaking of the attempted murder.
At a late hour to-night Madrone *as
captured at the home of an aunt. He
had attempted suicide by stabbing hbi
self ten times in the region of the heafct,
and sawed both wrists to the bone. Je
will recover.
The Talent Guesses Badly.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 11.— Heavy rail*
over night made the track sloppy to-day.
Eton Jacket was the only winning favor*
ite.
Six furlongs, selling— Eton Jacket won,
Treopia second. Robinson third. Time,
1:18.
Seven furlongs, selling— Bucksaw won,
Gllroy second, Louanna third. Time, 1:34.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— A.
B C won. Bob Millican second, Li W third.
Time, 1:49.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling-
Grayling won. Wells Street second, Albert
S third. Time. 1:51.
One and a sixteenth miles— lnflammato*
won, Bob Clampett second. Van Kirkman
third. Time, 1:55.
Elopes With a Musical Prodigy.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— The Chicago policy
are puzzled over the disappearance o<
Earl Conway, a talented youth, well
known in musical circles, and Miss Ollia
"Wilson, daughter of a wealthy Nebraska
stockman. Although the young woman U
eleven years older than the l^d, who la
but 15 years old. the two. according to thg
story told the police by the lad's parent*,
are deeply attached to one another, and
the police have been led to suspect that
they have gone away together.
Failure at Hollister.
HOL/LISTER, Feb. 11.— Kirkman &
Haskln. doing a general merchandise
business, have made an assignment to
the Beard of Trade for the benefit of
creditors. ThHr liabilities are estimated,
at $2500 and assets $900.
Disabilities
Disabilities
I cured I Disabilities
IN
a week. Disabilities
I— — J Disabilities
Disabilities
SHOUT THE GLAD NEWS
throughout the length and breadth
of this broad land. Tell your neighbors
and friends. Speak to them as you would
•be spoken to. Tell them that the Hudson
Medical Doctors have made a most won-
derful discovery— a discovery that Is a
marvel of the nineteenth century. It is
really astonishing. This great discovery
positively cures Prostatitis. Enlargement.
Nervous Debility, Neurasthenia, Varlco-
cele, Spermatorrhea and General ; WeaK-
ness. The remedy treatment is called
the Great Hudyan. It is certain and
swift in its work. Interested men may
call at the largest medical institute in
San Francisco, or write for
CIRCULARS
AND TESTIMONIALS.
BLOOD POISON- O Tou can be cured
DLUUII rUl^Ufl O f Blood Poison in
BLOOD POISON- ii t tt e s rtl « r ; t - £S2 d b °y r
BLOOD POISON— [ y . e da TcurV he thir -
WRITE FOR
30-DAY CIRCULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
cncp - Medical Examination.
met. . Private Consultation.
ED EC First Remedy Treatment
InLLI First Blood Treatment.
FRFF- Catarrhal Examination.
IR.LL, . Electrical Bath..
AT ftFFIf F Vapor Bath.
Al UrriVE steam Bath.
AT OFFICE Ozo Bath -
Al UrriWL Rheumo-Bath.
prnpp
Xii FREE TALK
V • . -
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton. Market and Ellis Streets. ;THE FAIR
HEIRS ARE
VICTORIOUS
judge Hebbard Says j
They Are Entitled
to the Lots.
Court Finds That the State
Legally Disposed of
the Property.
Harbor Commissioners and the
Pacific Gas Improvement
Company Also Lose.
INJUNCTIONS TO BE ISSUED
All the Claimants to the Land Will
Now Have to Cease From
Interfering.
Tho State has lost its suit aer-alnst
Charles A. Warren and Edward Malley,
James S. Angus, executor of the last
will of James G. Fair; Charles G Fair,
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Fair,
which was instigated some fcim* ago tc
re-cover possession of a number of so
calk-Ll "water lots" at North Beach.
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard yesterday
rendered a decision in the case, and,
besidts declaring the claim ol the State
illegal, decided against the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners and the Pa
cific Gas Improvement Company, and
ordered that a permanent injunction be
issued restraining the claimants from
Interfering with the rightful owners of
the property In litrgation. In part.
Judge Hebbard's decision is as follows:
The State of California sues 'to quiet
title, claimed by it by virtue of its
sovereignty under the act of admission
into the American Union to certain prop
erty, being about 100 acres of land lying I
under water at a depth varying from one i
to twenty-three feet, and comprising an j
inlet of the Bay of San Francisco lying
north of the city between the Govern- '
ment reservations, the Presidio on the j
west and Fort Mason on the oast, and
to prevent by injunction certain alleged
trespass thereon.
The defendants, Warren & Malley. are
contractors, who have been engaged in
reclaiming iho property, under contract
with the representatives of Fair and with !
permission of the Hoard of Supervisors.
The ottv its. the representa
tives of James G. Fair, deceased and his
heirs at law, admit the acts which con
stitute the alleged trespass: admit that
the State originally had title, but claim
that the State conveyed the lands in con
troversy to the predecessors in interest!
of Fair, and that he acquired title there- j
to in his lifetime and held the same at
the time of his death, and that, as own
ers of the property and having permits |
from the Board of Supervisors, they have '
the right to proceed with the work of re- I
claiming and improving the blocks and
streets thereon.
The case involves the two main ques
tions:
First— Did the State have power to con
voy these lands?
Second— Did the State convey these
lands to fair's grantors?
The court on these points decides —
the decision being based on numerous
M: recedents— that the State had the
":' ower to convey the lands in question,
and by a preponderance of evidence it
■was proved that James G. Fair during
his life did acquire the title to the lands
through a legal transfer on the part of
the State. "Such being the facts of the
case," the court continues:
The only remaining: question is as to
.the dedication of the streets involved.
This the board did, and all of such streets
appear upon the map adopted by the
board under the act.
A further dedication of these streets is
shown by the sale of blocks and lots ac
cording to the map, delineating theblocks
as being bounded by streets laid down
thereon and being uniform with the
streets running through the uplands ter
minating at the inlet.
It is therefore the opinion of the court,
after carefully considering the rights of
the people of the State of California, as
•well as the rights of the State's grantees
of this property, that the State, as sover
eign, has .1 right to convey into private
ownership parcels of its submerged land,
■where the same can be done without det
riment to commerce, and that the Legis
lature, in the absence of fraud, has the
right to determine as to that fact.
The State issued its patent to a portion
of the land; subsequently a water-line
front of the city was established, and
thereafter the State, through its officers,
authorized thereto and under acts of the
Legislature passed for the purpose, exe
cuted deeds to the property lying within
the water-line front, conveying that por
tion thereof not called for in the patent,
and confirming the title to the portion
contained v.-ithin the patent.
The State has parted with its title to
these premises; that title passed to the
predecessors in interest of James G. Fair:
Fair bought it and was possessed of It
when he died, and Fair's heirs and rep
resentatives are therefore entitled to a
decree herein quieting their title as
against the State, and dissolving the tem
porary injunction issued herein at the in
stance of the State, and to the effect that
the other defendants herein, the contrac
r tors, may proceed with the work of re-
Claiming- the property from the waters of
the inlet, under their lawful authority so
to do.
It is likewise the opinion of the court,
In the case of Angus et al., executors of
the last will of James G. Fair, deceased,
against Colnon et al., constituting the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
and the Pacific Ga* Improvement Com
pany, submitted to the court for decision
with this case, that the preliminary in
junction issued, restraining defendants
from interfering with plaintiffs in the
possession of this property, or from in
terfering with Warren & Malley, their
c-.ntractors. be mad« perpetual, and that
&ny other injunctions, issued in either of
these cases, at variance or inconsistent
with the conclusions above stated, be
dissolved.
It is the prevailing opinion among
lawyers who read the decision that
Judge Hebbard's interpretation of the
law involved in the case is the correct
one, and that the decision will stand
In the higher courts.
Poolrooms Raided.
The police have introduced a new
charge against the keepers of poolrooms
and yesterday a warrant was sworn out
for the arrest of ex-Senator William Dunn
for permitting a room at 204 Stevenson
Btreet to be used for making bets on
horse races. The warrant was served
and Dunn gave ball for his appearance in
court. The police also colleced evidence
In the rooms to prove their case.
Dalton Will Contest.
Kate Dalton, J. W. Dalton and Mary
Mahan have filed a contest to the will of
John Patrick Dalton. It is alleged by
the contestants that the widow of the tes
tator, Katherine Dalton, exercised . an
<*v? 1 influence over her husband and
■■ Ai-hari # e ? in e<3 possession of a larger
fS re of lhe estate than she was enti-
Sanborn. Vail & Co. have the only
large stock of screens, parlor lamps, onyx
*ames, framed pictures and easels In the
thin^ nK ' dr^te prices. Their low-priced
monel ??*, so good that v is a waste of
lines! y extrava cant things in these
BIG FIRE IN THE PHELAN BLOGK.
& Two Hours' Fig ht Which Saved the Buildiog
pron) Destructior).
Crossed electric wires In the top story
of the Phelan building, at the corner
of O'Farrell and Market streets, were
the cause of a fire at 2 o"clock yesterday
afternoon, which totally destroyed
Marceau's photograph gallery, and did
serious damage to the west end of the
building from top to bottom. For al
most two hours dense smoke rose In
clouds from the top of the building, de
spite every effort of the firemen to sup
press it. From dozens of nozzles wa
ter poured into the upper stories and
ran down in torrents to the lower floors,
ruining hundreds of dollars' worth of
furniture in the offices, seemingly with
out avail, and was not until great
holes had been cut through the roof
and into the burning rooms that the
spread of the fire could be checked.
For a time it looked as if the estire
building was doomed, but the work of
the firemen confined the blaze to the
western section of the upper story, and
while it was a difficult fire to overcome
the damage was comparatively slight,
the total reaching but $23,000, which
was fully covered by insurance. The
salvage corps did good work in pro
tecting the goods in the lower rooms,
but the extent of material to be cov
ered necessitated sending twice for
more rubber covers. The streets were
filled with thousands of sight-seers,
who completely blocked the sidewalks,
while the paraphernalia of the fire de
partment closed the street to all traffic.
The cars of the Market-street line
were blocked for mnro than an hour,
while those on adjacent streets were
held back and compelled to run at a
snail's pace through the immense
throng of people. A large squad of po
lice was kept constantly busy guarding
the fire lines, and several arrests were
mad- of obstreperous individuals, who
insisted on passing through.
The firemen were heavily handicapped
by the dense smoke which completely
filled the upper part of the building,
and from its acrid nature was so stilling
that it prevented all work. Captain
Comstock and Assistant Chief Dough
erty directed the work in the gallery,
while Assistant Chief Shaughnessy was
in charge on the roof. The
two stand pipes were of much
service, as it was Impossible to
direct streams from the ground
or from adjacent buildings to any ad
vantage. After the fire Marshal Towe
called Mayor Phelan's attention to the
fact that more stand pipes might be
the means of saving the building in fu
ture fires, and they will probably be
erected at once.
It was at first supposed that the fire
originated from chemicals used in the
photograph gallery, but Mr. Marceau
assured Mayor Phelan that he had no
dangerous chemicals. Owing tcf im
proved methods of photography the in
surance companies do not look upon
photograph galleries as extra hazard
ous risks.
Notwithstanding the fact that smoke
was pouring fr<>m the roof in dense
volumes, there was little blaze seen,
and this was quickly quenched, and
the thousands of spectators were treat
ed to nothing more thrilling than a
view of a smoke-crowned building and
several unexpected shower baths.
When the cornice crumbled under the
fire and from the pressure of the heavy
streams of water there was a sudden
scattering of the people below, who
were thoroughly drenched by the flood.
WHAT THE FIRE LOOKED LIKE FROM THE SURROUNDING
ROOFS.
The fire was in such position that the
firemen could reach it with the great
est difficulty, and it was necessary to
pour tons of water into the building
before the flames could be suppressed.
This vast quantity of water damaged
the lower portion of the building and
the contents of the rooms more than
the fire.
During the delay in getting water on
the fire the flames ran down the ele
vator shaft and burst out in the cigar
store of Sam Dannebaum, completely
TO BE DEPORTED.
Cheong Ah Bing Told a Lie, Then the
Truth, Tien a Lie, and Must Go
Back to China.
The hearing of the case of Cheong Ah
Bing. who was refused a landing by the
Collector of the Port, was had yester
day on habeas corpus by United States
Commissioner Heacock. Bing claimed to
be a native of San Francisco, but he told
Inspector Lynch of the Chinese Bureau
that he was born in a certain province in
China. When asked on the hearing yes
terday why he had made such a state
ment he replied that he had done so be
cause he was young, only 23 years old,
THE SAS" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
destroying the stock with the excep- I
tion of a few boxes of cigars which I
were carried away by the salvage
corps. The most serious loss was in
the photograph gallery, where 120,000 ;
negatives were destroyed. These neg- !
atives cannot be replaced and their ;
value is impossible of calculation, as
many of them date back as far as 1850, j
when Mr. Morse was in the business.
As soon as the gravity of the situa
tion became apparent a second alarm
was sent in, but while ten engines, a
chemical engine, three hook and ladder
trucks, one water tower and a battery
were on the grounds, but seven engines
were in use. The fire extended sixty
feet toward O'Farrell street and forty
feet to the east under the roof, but did
not get below the mansard floor except
down the western elevator shaft.
THE BLAZE AS SEEN FROM MARKET STREET.
Edward Broze, an employe of Mar
ceau's gallery, was the first to discover
the fire, and he immediately notified
the girls working below to get out. and
then fought the fire with hand grren- i
ades until the department arrived. The
books and other valuable matters in |
the gallery were carried to a place of
safety, and the fire patrol stripped the
rooms of pictures and furnishing and
covered the counters to protect them
from the deluge of water, but the neg
atives were in such a "position that the
and that it was a mistake. The Com
tnissioner thought that 'IMng was old
enough not to tell lies by wholesale, and
will recommend his deportation.
Will Lay the Cornerstone.
The cornerstone of Park Congregational
Church, on Hayes street, between Lyon
and Central avenue, will be laid at 2:30 i
o'clock to-morrow afternoon with befit
ting ceremonies. There will be addresses
by Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.. and
Rev. William Rader. The cornerstone
will be laid under the auspices of the
bflildlng committee, of which Frederick
A. Hatch is the chairman. The greet
ings will be made by Rev. F. R. Farrand
and Rev. S. S. Cryor, D.D. The Lord's
water destroyed them all.
From the stand pipes on O'Farrell
and Market streets heavy streams
were thrown through the windows, yet
with a constant flood of water pouring
into the smoking mass the fire was not
under control until half-past 3, having
burned for an hour aud a half without
bursting through the roof.
After the fire was subdued it was
found that tons of water flooded the
upper floor, and in order to remove
this holes were punched through the
ceiling of the reception room and the
water poured down in torrents and
was swept into the elevator shaft.
This water destroyed the stock of
frames, mounts, envelopes and every
thing used in photography which was
stored above the blind floor over the
gallery.
Mayor Phelan estimates the damage
to the building at $6000, which is fully
insured. Captain Comstock of the un
derwriters' places the lmses to the
tenants as follows: Marceau photo
graph gallery, $6000; Lucke, shoe store,
$500; Sam Dannebaum, cigars, $500;
Goldstein & Cohen. $6000; Will &
Finck, $1000; Muller, optician, $500;
Offices flooded with water, $2500. A
total of $17,000, fully insured. The
value of the negatives cannot be com
puted.
prayer will be read by Rev. F. B. Cher
rington, D.D. , and the pastor. Rev. James
B. Orr, will invoke the divine blessing.
An appropriate musical programme will
be rendered.
Rottanzi's Resolution Indorsed.
The Potrero and Mission Improvement
Club has sent a communication to the
Board of Supervisors indorsing Super
visor Rottanzi's resolution that $40,000 be
appropriated to building a new City and
County Hospital on the Almshouse tract.
LandaU6, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
CATTLE KING
TO WED AGAIN
George "White Told by
the Spirits That He
Must Marry.
On Wednesday He Will Lead
Miss Louise Bogan to
the Altar.
The Eccentric Millionaire Looks for
Domestic Comfort in His De
clining Years.
George E. White, the wealthy cattle
king of Round Valley, is to marry
again. The cattle king is a believer in
spiritualism, and the spirits have told
him that he should wed. Soon after
the message was delivered to him from
the spirit world, he met, wooed and
won a pretty young lady. Miss Louise
Bogan, who resides in the southern
part of the city.
The wedding is set for Wednesday
next. Madame Young, who Is pre
ing the wedding trousseau, was in
structed to have the gowns prepared
by that day and the friends of the
cattle king believe that is the day set
for the ceremony.
White does not deny that Wednesday
is the time set when he will again
tempt matrimony, and he smiles when
he discusses the subject, though he
tries to throw a web of secrecy about
the coming affair. The wedding will
be private, and after the ceremony the
couple will take a short honeymoon
trip to the southern part of the State.
George E. White is well known in
California. He has large land inter
ests in Humboldt County, and most of
the fertile acres of Round Valley are
counted among his possessions. He is
an extensive stock raiser, and he is re
puted to be worth several hundred
thousand dollars. He is extremely ec
centric and of late years most of his
business dealings have been done at the
recommendation of the spirits. He is
constantly in communication with sev
eral of the "mediums" of the city, and
whenever he contemplates a big busi
ness deal he asks the advice of the
spirits and acts upon it. The spirits,
it is claimed, told him to marry, and
the wedding will take place in conse
quence of their advice.
ANOTHER TEST
OF CAR-FENDERS
Will Take Place This Morning
at Mission and Twelfth
Streets.
This Time It Is Expected That Some
Pattern Will Ba
Adopted.
To-day at 1 o'clock there will be more
tests of fenders for the purpose of deciding
upon an appliance for the cars of the
Market street system. The tests will not
be in the nature of a vaudeville show, as
some former exhibitions have been. There
Is a serious purpose this time. The trials
will occur at Mission and Twelfth streets.
In the presence of the Supervisors and
such citizens as may choose to look on.
There Is no doubt but a fender will be
recommended to the Supervisors and that
they will authorize the adoption of the
pattern favored by the company.
All this is simple and could as well have
been done long ago. That it has not been
done and that there should have been so
much fuss about It and so many needless
casualties are matters of regret. Of
course there will be some expense, but
only a comparative trifle. The Market
street system will be obliged to equip 260
cars, and the cost for each will be about
$36, a total of something over $9000. Added
to this will be the $4000 required to induce
the adoption, making a grand total of less
than $14,000, really an inconsiderable item
for a concern of its magnitude.
In the past there have been trials with
out number, but some of them were de
signed to do nothing but demonstrate the
inutillty of whatever fender was being
tried. In instances the dummy used to
take the place of the prostrate citizen
supposed to be snatched from death or
maiming was filled with cobblestones.
The result was that the fender -went to
smash, as had been expected, and until
somebody with the Interest of a fender
enough at heart to pay the price of offi
cial approval should appear it was a safe
proposition that dummies would continue
to be Indestructible and the experimental
fender to have its nose broken.
But despite the fruitless tests which
have marked the past and strewn Mission
street with debris, it is believed that
those of to-day will be final and that the
Market street system will cheerfully pay
the price.
DARING ATTEMPT AT ARSON.
An Unknown Man Fails in an Effort
to Destroy an Unfinished
Building.
A daring act of incendiarism was com
mitted at 6:35 last night by an unknown
man on a building in the course of con
struction at 15 Cedar avenue. The man
was seen to leave the place hurriedly, and
almost immediately flames began to ap
pear in the interior. While some neigh
bors gave chase after the man others at
tempted to put the flames out. As there
was a danger of their not succeeding, an
alarm was turned in from box 137. Before
the engines arrived, however, the fire was
extinguished. An investigation showed
that coal oil had been, spilled among the
shavings with the evident intent of de
stroying the building. The firebug es
caped in the darkness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Gail I
jßordenj
Brand
J Condensed Milk ?
% has no equal as #
% An Infant food. >
C "INFANT HEALfH tf SENT V
M FREE on Application. %
NEwYbRK Conoensed Milk CartY #
VICTIMS OF
A SWINDLER
Ida Pelton, a Prepossess
ing Domestic, Again
in Prison.
Charged With Stealing Money
From Mrs. Butler of
Folsom Street.
She Has Also Been Victimizing a
Large Number of Storekeepers
in the City.
A young woman who is looked upon
by the police as one of the cleverest
confidence operators in the city was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detective Cody on a charge of grand
larceny. She has been known as Ida
Pelton, Sarah Dlxon and Genevieve
Lynhan.
Some months ago she was employed
in the house of Daniel O'Day, on Four
teenth street, between Sanchez and
Church, and left suddenly, taking with
her $280. O"Day notified the police and
Bhe was arrested. She was held to an
swer before the Superior Court, but by
some means or other the case was dis
missed.
Since then she has been victimizing
a number of storekeepers, who have
been complaining to the police. Her
mode of operation was to ascertain
the names of some of the customers,
and then go to the stores and repre
sent that she had been sent by one of
them to purchase certain articles,
which would be handed to her. When
the account was sent to the customer
the fraud was discovered. Among the
stores victimized were the White
House, Newman & Levinson and Ros
enthal Brothers.
The charge on which she has been
booked is for stealing $167 50 from the
residence of Mrs. Butler, 2568 Folsom
street. She went there as a domestic
on January 2. Mrs. Butler's nephew,
Thomas Lappin, a marine engineer,
lives with her. Last Saturday he drew
his salary, and, including Mrs. Butler's
own money there was $167 50 in the
house.
Mrs. Butler had occasion to go down
town Monday, and when she returned
her domestic had disappeared, taking
with her the $167 50 and her personal
effects. Mrs. Butler and her nephew
called at police headquarters Monday
night, and reported the case. Detec
tive Cody was detailed to find Ida. and
he soon ascertained that she was liv
ing on Mission street, near Seventh. He
arrested her, and on being searched,
$93 35 was found in her pocket, tied up
in a handkerchief. She acknowledged
taking the money, and said she had
spent the balance in buying dresses and
other articles.
Ida is 24 years of age and prepos
sessing in appearance. She has stolen
money and jewelry from other people
besides O'Day and Mrs. Butler in the
same way, and the police are deter
mined that she shall not escape punish
ment this time.
The Wesp This Week.
Always meritorious, The Wasp this week
is extraordinary bright and well writ
ten and splendidly illustrated. The Har
bor Commission scandal and those of the
School Board and Supervisors are the
subject of a clever cartoon, as is the star
confessors, ex-Reverend Brown and Mur
derer Belew. The modern United States
Senator is portrayed in colors and Con
gressman Maguire is pictured by The
Wasp's new process, "Photo Phrenolr tv."
There are also a number of good ualf
tones of celebrities. The editorials, al
ways vigorous, are this week especially
good, and the various departments scinail
late with bright paragraphs. Thp ad
ministration's stand on Hawaiian annex
ation is criticized and an able article pives
some well-founded objecuons to the ideas
of the annexationists. The Zola incident
in France is also thoroughly discussed
and the hißh class of reading in The Wasp
is particularly noticeable. Medical frauds
and other imposters are unmercifully
flayed in the "X-ray" department. Pro
fessor. Lucchesi shows up some musical
fakers and the society gossip and finan
cial reviews are up-to-date and extreme
ly interesting. The Wasn is without ques
tion the leader in the weekly newspaper
field.
The Tunnel Rebuilt.
A telegram received at the Santa Fe
office in this city this morning gives the
news that the tunnel on that line near
Williams has been entirely rebuilt, and
that commencing to-day trains will run
through without any detaching or trans
fer. The accident to the tunnel has cost
the Santa Fe a great deal of money, but
the rebuilding has been of the most sub
stantial character, and there is no possi
ble danger of any delays in future.
PLelan Will Urge Action.
Mayor Phelan intends making a re
quest to the Board of Supervisors that
Hustling and hasty meals often play havoc with the traveling man's
digestion. An experienced commercial man, who spends most of his
time on the road, states that he never allows himself to be without a
supply of >
RIPANS TABILES f
He takes four or five Tabules a week, always one after a hearty or hurried
meal, and finds them a mighty nice thing. For all those ails that come
from indigestion, dyspepsia and a lazy liver there is no remedy so
certain as
RIPANS TABULES.
action be taken at once to remove the
lampless lampposts that are scattered
about the city. He has ascertained that
posts for the mail boxes which were re
cently ordered from Washington have ar
rived, and that there is no longer use for
the unsightly posts to which some thirty
six boxes are now attached.
Town Talk
This week bears out its reputation for
being the brightest and best of the week
lies. Among its contents are: Portraits
of Rev. Louis Sanford and his bride, with
stage and musical favorites; editorials
upon late events of national importance;
satirical aftermath by Phil Garlic; society
and club life, treated from The Saunter
er's point of view; original valentines to
prominent men; a storiette from real life;
musical, book and dramatic criticisms;
newsy political chat by The Parson; stor
ies and poems. •
COMMEMORATION DAY.
Observed by the Military Order of
Foreign Wars of the
United States.
A meeting of California Commandery of
the Military Order of Foreign Wars of
the United States was held last evening
in the Occidental Hotel, when the fol
lowing named were elected officers for
the current term: Robert Y. Hayne.
commander; D. Henshaw Ward, vice
commander; George Whitney Reed sec
retary; Franklin B. Washington, deputy
secretary; Charles Samuel Greene treas*
urer; Colonel A. S. Hubbard. register,
and Brander Wells Lee, judge advocate.
It being commemoration day, the com*
panions of the commandery and several
gentlemen invited to become companions
of the order, who were invited as special
puests, partook of an excellent dinner
at which there was shown much pat
riotic spirit in the toasts and the re
sponses.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TtECTRICiff
and medicine as combined and adminis-
tered by the Physicians and Surgeons of
the State Electro-Medical Institute, cor-,
ncr Market. Powell and Eddy streets, has
proved a wonderful success, exercising
over diseases a curative power never be-
fore known to the medical world. The
Doctors of this Institute are curing all
manner of diseases so quickly that those,
who had lost all hone of health are
amazed at the wonderful results obtained
through this new system of Electricity
and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
is given and a perfect cure speedily fol-
lows. The Educated Physician concedes
the fact that Electricity alone falls to
cure; also that
MEDICINE
alone in many ailments exerts but little,
if any, curative properties, but our Com-
bination of Electricity and Medicine ac- ,
complishes results which cannot be ob- ,
tamed by either alone. Is it not evident
to your mind, if you are a sufferer, that
the Doctors of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute offer you a surer and quicker cure
by their
COMBINED
application of Electricity and Medicine at«
the same time, the one acting from with-
in and the other from without, thus they !
find the most remote lurking places of i
disease and exterminate it from the sys- |
tern, effecting positive and permanent
CURES.
WCRWCO Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronio^
ntnVLOi Headaches, Nervous Twitch-
ings, Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness,
Evil Forebodings, Melancholia, WEAK
and SINKING SPELLS, NERVOUS DE-
BILITY and all its attendine ailments.
The awful effects of neglected or improp- ,
erly treated cases, producing Weakness
of body and brain, Dizziness, Failing
memory, Lack of energy and confidence.
Pains in back loins and kidneys, and
other distressing symptoms. Our Elec-
tro-Medical Treatment is the only suc-
cessful cure for nervous ailments.
DUCIIUATKM and all kindred diseases
nnCUmM! fom of the joints and mus-
cles YIELD AT ONCE to its influences.
PATADDU of the Nose, Throat, Lungs
UHlHnnn and Stomach. Our special
combined Catarrh treatment never fails i
to cure.
BLOOD AND SKIN SeT tt <SUis!r?l
eradicated from the system.
mepAOCC of the HEART. STOMACH.
UlolAolo liver, kidneys, blad-i
DER and URINARY ORGANS treated
hy the Electro-Medical System with un-
failing success.
WRITE if you cann °t call and get th»,
TinilL Doctors" opinion of your caso
and advice free of cost.
If Sick and Despondent Call and Get One Treatment
FREE OF CHARGE.
And be convinced of its wonderful andj
immediate benefits.
STATE ELEGTRO-MEDfCAL INSTITUTE 1
CORNER MARKET, POWELL AND EODT BTS..
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY ST.
Office Hours: 9 a. m. to 12 m., 2p. m. to;
6 p. m., 7 p. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10
a. m. to 12 m.
56
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 12, .898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In thjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per montt)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifefts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2526
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open j
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and j
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Girl from Paris."
California Theater— B lac a Paul's Troubadours.
Columbia—" What Happened to Jonea."
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt"
Meroseo's— "The Unknown."
Tivoli— "The Pearl of Pekia."
Crpheum — Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co,, Sunday night
Metropolitan Hall— Lecture Monday evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
She Chutes— Chiquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining: Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Coursing— lngleside Coursing- Park, this afternoon.
Calllornla Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day, February 13, Turkish
Rues, at 116 butter street, at 2 and S> l\ v.
DEFECTIVE AMMUNITION.
BY reason of the insistent demand of The Call for
an inquiry into the circumstances under which
defective ammunition was supplied for the light
artillery at the Presidio, it is probable we shall have
an open and thorough investigation of the subject.
Senator Perkins is to bring the matter before the
Senate, and Congressman Hilborn will introduce a
resolution of inquiry into the House.
It will be strange indeed if Congress does not take
some action in regard to an affair so serious as this.
There seems to be no explanation of the fact that 50
per cent of a certain class of ammunition is defective
except that of fraud. Moreover, the fraud which
palms off upon the Government so large a proportion
of bad ammunition must have been practiced a long
time. Such boldness in wrongdoing is never shown
in a first offense. Long experience with successful
fraud is the only thing that could tempt a contractor
to submit to the Government any kind of supplies
of which half is not only below standard, but posi
tively worthless.
Senator Perkins announced on Thursday an inten
tion to address to General Flagler, chief of ordnance,
a letter inclosing a copy of The Call containing the
report of the result of the tests at the Presidio, and
stated he would submit the reply to the Senate during
the debate on the fortifications bill, which is now be
fore that body. This step will bring the whole issue be
fore the Senate and may possibly lead to some
prompt action in the way of investigation.
Certainly the proposed inquiry into the affair
should not be long delayed. The offense is one of the
most serious that has been exposed in the conduct
of our military and naval administration for a long
time. He that robs the army of its ammunition robs
it of its strength and leaves the country weak in the
face of its foes. General Flagler's official statement
on the subject will be awaited with interest. He re
cently informed the Senate Committee on Fortifica
tions that neither heat, cold, dryness, moisture nor
age should affect powder supplied for the army, and
this being so, it is to be hoped that when his report
of the defective shells discovered in the Pre
sidio tests is made it will be able to show that
the blame rests wholly on the contractors, and not
in the least on the officers of the War Department
who inspected the shells and approved them.
CANADIAN IMPERTINENCE.
THERE has been manifest lately on the part of
Canada a tendency to be overbearing. On
several occasions she has been guilty of distinct
impertinence, none, however, more marked than in
relation to the wreck of the Corona. This vessel
is owned in San Francisco. It chanced to be wrecked
in Canadian waters. When the news that it had gone
on a rock reached this city immediate steps were
taken to go to the rescue and save some portion of
the ship and cargo. There was no particular thought
on the part of the owners that they would in the work
of salvage be under the British flag, and had this
occurred to them they could hardly have reckoned
upon the consequences. They tried to get to the
scene as soon as possible.
At Victoria they were informed tha.t no American
vessel would be allowed to do the work contemplated,
nor could there be any American pumps used. The
work would have to be done entirely by British men
using British material, and the salvage could not be
participated in by Americans. This was a surprise for
which the owners were so totally unprepared that
they could only acquiesce.
Such flagrant discourtesy would be hard to parallel,
yet it is characteristic of the Canadian Government
since the gold discoveries have given it an exalted
notion of its own importance. It is swollen with
pride, yet swollen only in spots. For instance, had
the wreck occurred on the lakes near the populous
centers Canada would have been discreet enough to
have been less openly hoggish. It is not over
stating the matter to say that Canada is too fresh, and
brotherly love will continue with difficulty if such
exhibitions continue. Canada sometimes forgets that
she is a colony, tied to an elongated apron-string,
and tries to act the real nation without knowing
how.
There is something strange in the facility with
■which the able correspondent has Secretary Sherman
lost in the mazes of doddering senility when this is
considered in connection with the fact that Sherman
is the next day doing business at the old stand and
with all his old-time vigor. Possibly the able cor
respondent sometimes get lost himself and is misled
by a case of mistaken identity.
Unless "society" wants the world to laugh itself t<
death it should go into permanent executive session.
De Lome is not the first man who has written him
self out of a good job.
WHERE WILL THIS END?
UNLESS there is some mistake concerning the
facts disclosed in the recent exposures of offi
cial corruption in this city and elsewhere, the
popular belief regarding such matters will have to be
modified. We have always been led to understand
that official bribery found its source in the unlawful
designs of some conscienceless corporation or some
conspiring, dishonest knave. The harrowing picture
of an upright tax-eater manfully resisting temptation
has often been presented by the "anti" organs and
orators as a foundation for the allegation that but
for corporation bribe money there would' be no
governmental corruption.
An altogether different theory is disclosed by the
recent exposures. School Director Waller's virtue
was not attacked by a political boss nor by a boodle
school teacher. He himself searched for a man who
wanted to get a teacher into the School Department
and proposed to procure the place for him for $500.
No grasping corporation ''approached" Supervisor
Delany in the pound matter. That valiant warrior
himself asked Wadham how much money there was
in the treasury of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, and, according to Wadham's
sworn statement, proposed for $500 to secure the
control of the pound to the society. Nor is there any
evidence that a political boss or the emissary of a
corporation laid in wait for the integrity of Super
visor Haskins or of School Director Ragan. Ac
cording to the persons who charge them with cor
ruption, they solicited the "business" personally.
Nor does the testimony so far giver, in the suit
brought by the Paraffine Paint Company against the
Harbor Commission develop any different condition.
The witnesses in that case generally agree that the
"business" was worked up by the Harbor Commis
sioners. Mr. Bibb says Commissioner Colnon called
on him personally and asked how his negotiations
with the man sent by him to make "arrangements"
were progressing. In fact, on every hand there is
evidence that the accused officials themselves were
anxious to sell their votes and influence, and were
seeking to create situations which would compel
somebody to bribe them.
So we say that if we are to accept the facts dis
closed by these exposures as true we shall be forced
to modify our ancient view of the causes of official
corruption. In none of the cases referred to were
there any monster corporations with a retinue of
bribe-givers to tempt the virtue of the tax-eaters.
Colonel Mazuma was nowhere in sight. The officials
themselves were out in pursuit of boodle and hunting
for bribe-givers with bated breaths. No opportunity
was given to "approach" anybody. The tax-eaters
did the "approaching," and the persons who have
precipitated the scandals are those who ordinarily are
supposed to be the tempters.
There is but one comment to make on this sub
ject as we have outlined it. and that may be placed in
the form of a question. What is the country coming
to when men seek office for the purpose of soliciting
bribes? And this question gives place to another:
Is it not about time, now that it is reasonably certain
that we are being ruled by thieves, for the people to
cast about for an anchorage? Surely things cannot
go on this way very long.
THE PEOPLE IN POLITICS.
ALL the signs of the times point to the conclu
sion that the power of the people is to be more
distinctly felt in politics this year than for
nearly a generation past. The importance of the
money issue has to a large extent broken up the old
lines of party formation, the old machine methods do
no; wholly fit the new alliances, and as a result the
voters of the rank and file in both parties will have
more weight and more direct influence in determining
nominations and elections than for a long time past.
The weakening caused in party discipline by the
grouping of the people around ntw issues is aug
mented by the recent adoption of new methods of
conducting elections. The Australian ballot and the
primary law add to the general confusion in the ma
chinery of parties and increase the power and effect
iveness of the individual vote. Taken altogether the
outlook is distinctly favorable to those who desire an
end of so-called "boss rule" and a restoration of the
practice of the early days of the republic when all
citizens went to the primaries of their respective par
ties, took an equal share in the selection of candidates
and, after engaging actively in the campaign, con
cluded the duty of a citizen by going to the polls and
voting for the man of their choice.
Throughout the State the stirring of the people on
political issues is already noted. Certain groups of
men are considering the selection of candidates for
Governor, others are seeking representatives in Con
gress, and, generally speaking, all are giving thought
to the choice of their parties in making nominations
for local offices.
The eager interest felt by the people in the coming
campaign so early in the year is a good sign. It is
an evidence that the voters intend to direct the con
test from start to finish. They will be at the pri
maries, their delegates will be at the State conven
tions, they will be active in the struggle that is to
fellow, and it will be a -genuine victory of the people
that will be recorded at the polls when the ballots are
counted and the result announced.
This condition of affairs is distinctly favorable to
the success of the Republican party. One of the most
common difficulties that have confronted the party
leaders in times past has been that of getting the full
voting strength of the party to exert itself at the polls.
This year the prospects are that the voters themselves
will come to the front. All that is asked of the lead
ers is to get the machinery of political work in order
and start the movement.
An early campaign cannot be avoided. The issues
of the time are of vital importance to every citizen,
and the fact is universally recognized. Men may have
had doubts about complex questions of tariff rates,
buc whether the dollar is to be maintained at its pres
ent standard or lowered to the level of the Mexican
dollar is a question whose relation to his own busi
ness even' man can understand. For that reason the
people are eager to get at the contest and settle it.
The great majority are ready to vote right now.
The duty of Republican leaders at this time, there
fore, is to prepare at once for the organization of the
rank and file by clubs or otherwise, and set the party
machinery in motion so that the ardor of the people
may have its way and the great movement begin
which in next November is to redeem California
from the last vestige of Democracy, free trade and
free silver, and place it among the States solid for
protection, sound money and stalwart Republicanism.
Breckinridge of Kentucky is in trouble again. No
body would care particularly abQut this except that
he refuses to shed any blood, and absolutely insists
on shedding ink in large quantities.
Even if Clark and Belew establish their respective
allegations of insanity, there is no reason to suppose
that hanging would not be an effective remedy for
the malady with which they are so sadly afflicted.
THE SAX FRAISTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
IT is announced that Mr. Towne of Duluth will
open the silver fusion campaign in California, and
will do it right away. The opening will begin at
Sacramento and, extending the length of the San
Joaquin Valley, will jump the Tehachapi and reap
pear in Southern California. Mr. Towne shows a
wise interest in his personal comfort by averting his
cheek from the rude winds that blow over the zenith
city of the unsalted seas at this season and bringing it
to be kissed by the balmy zephyrs of California. We
hail him heartily for the compliment to our glorious
climate implied by his presence here. We incline to
the opinion that he will find more pleasure in this
weatherless, winterless land, and in contemplation of
the green things growing, than he will in politics. He
will observe that our people do all things in season.
While the politicians who are looking for office may
feel the quickening of ambition in February, the peo
ple are busy with the pruning hook and plow. In
fact Mr. Towne comes in the close season for politics
and while his audiences will chill and fever by turns
as he "views with alarm" or "points with pride," their
minds are on their wheat fields and raisin plantations
and orange groves.
California has a rather wholesome sense of her polit
ical duty, and in a certain way party organization here
is never broken. The people remember the seven fat
kine and the seven fat ears of corn, and they recall the
coming of the seven lean kine and the seven blasted
ears which ate the fat ones. Mr. Towne appears for
the lean cattle as attorney in fact. He persuades
toward that politics which eats up the fat ears. Our
people took a few years of his kind of medicine and
many of them dined daily on pulling their belts up
another hole. Since then their bill of fare has
changed, and instead of satisfying internal gnawings
by belting their stomachs tighter they have filled
them with food and there is a general letting out of
belts. Our cities are not compelled this year to pass
the hat. to fee<J thousands of unemployed. The pinch
of poverty is felt by a vastly less number of people.
There is more bread in the basket, fire on the hearth
and cheer in the house than before, and thousands
who were asking help before are now able to give
their mite to the hundreds who now need it.
In short, the pot boils in more homes and hospi
tality puts in it more names, and our people look at
the worn hole in the belt as the high water mark of
famine. They don't want to buckle up to it again,
an' it please you, Mr. Towne. They are thinking of
piecing on the end of the strap in order that it may
girth the growing proportions which have come with
three meals a day.
Mr. Towne was a member of Congress once as "a
regular." He tasted the sweet waters of power. But
he made a miscalculation. He thought his party was
doomed, that the ladder by which he had climbed was
broken and would not bear him again. So he deserted
and joined the motley clad host which enlisted under
General Bryan and tried to get back into office. As the
event proved the office was seeking another. Mr.
Towne "got the mitten," so to speak, and has felt
bad about it ever since. He seems to think that all
the world feels as hopeless and therefore as reckless
as he. We would cheer him if possible, but we warn
him not to mistake the whispers of our tropical foli
age for the call of his countrymen.
DAVID BENNETT HILL'S PLANS.
r\ CCORDING to the Albany correspondents of
/ \ the New York papers David Bennett Hill and
1 his followers have reached the conclusion that
further inactivity on their part would be equivalent to
permanent retirement from politics, and therefore
they have resolved to take the field again and make
a struggle for supremacy in the Democratic party of
the State this fall.
The battle-cry of Hill and his clique will be "har
mony." They will endeavor to reconcile the irrecon
cilables of 1896 and attain leadership by demonstrat
ing that they are the only men whom both wings will
follow. To accomplish this plan it is said they will
get the State convention to ignore the Chicago plat
form and the candidacy of Bryan. It is added they
have already devised such a general utterance on the
financial issue that it can be accepted by both the
Bryanites and the Palmerites without either side
stultifying itself.
Nothing but the almost unanimous agreement of
all the New York correspondents at the State capital
on the main points of this story gives it credibility.
Even when given under such terms it is difficult to
believe that a politician of so much experience and
intelligence as ex-Senator Hill can have persuaded
himself and his followers that it is any longer pos
sible to achieve success at the polls by dodging the
money question. That issue is now the dominant
one in our politics. It will fill the whole field of
battle in the coming Congressional elections, and the
man who desires to dodge it will have to abandon
politics and leave the field altogether.
The vote on the Teller resolutions in Congress
shows that party lines are now drawn on the money
question as strictly as on the tariff itself. In the
Senate only one Democrat voted against the
resolutions, and in the House only one Republican
voted for them. By the time the issue is made up
for submission to the people there will be no longer
any possible escape from the necessity for both sides
to take definite and decided stands. The Republican
party will stand for gold money and sound finance.
The Democratic party will stand for free silver and
monetary demoralization. On that issue the battle
will be fought.
David Bennett Hill is the most conspicuous living
example of a politician who rose like a rocket and
has fallen like a stick. His success for a time was so
brilliant and seemed so solid that he was easily first
in the line of succession to Cleveland as Democratic
candidate for the Presidency. His followers through
out the Union were ardent, devoted and active. He
was the recognized leader of that stalwart Democ
racy that despises mugwumpery and battles under a
banner bearing the inscription "To the victor be
longs the spoils." To-day he has less political pres
tige than the mugwumps themselves. Deprived of
office, shorn of leadership, abandoned by the stal
warts, he reveals in his character a trait of political
imbecility by trying to get back to power, not by
mastering the problems of the time, but by dodging
them.
If the Democrats of New York follow Mr. Hill the
Republicans will have a walkover. Unfortunately
there is little hope they will do so. Democracy has
many faults, but a lack of aggressive vigor is not one
of them. It will never turn aside from the exuberant
Bryan to follow a man who is afraid to talk.
An evening paper speaks of the "well-known le
niency" of Judge Wallace. We will confess that" it is
ncl only not well known to us. but that we have not
even a bowing acquaintance with it.
There are some strange features in connection with
the Queen's speech. One is its absolute lack of im
portance and another the habit of regarding it as im
portant.
OPENING THE CAMPAIGN.
THE LINCOLN ANNIVERSARY.
To-day will be celebrated throughout
the length and breadth of the great re
public the eighty-ninth anniversary of the
birth of the immortal Abraham Lincoln.
The world knows the story of his life by
heart.
In speaking of Lincoln before the Span
ish Cortes, Emilio Cast Mar said: "Abra
ham Lincoln was the humblest of the
humble before his own conscience, the
greatest of the gr'-at before history."
No man was more humble or thoughtless
of self than Abraham Lincoln. His
own words tell the sublime story: "I
claim not to have controlled events, but
confess plainly that events have con
trolled me. No human council has de
vised, nor has any mortal hand worKed
out, these great things. They are the
gracious gifts of the most high God."
Thus spoke the emancipator of a race —
the man who stands out as one of the
sublimest h'gures in all time.
THE COLONEL MD THE GOOSE,
Trained horses, trained dogs, educated
pigs, are no novelties; but how many
have ever seen an educated goose? Col
onel Post, a retired military man of Cu
camonga, has a rara avis of this kind.
It is a large white gander, which the
colonel calls Billie. Billie may be 50 yards
away, when the colonel will shout: "Bil
lie, come to me, my bonnie Billie." Then
the gander will start and run to the col
onel, joyfully flapping his wings and
screeching with delight at the kindly re
cognition given him by the master. Then
the colonel will say: "Now, Billie, we
will run a race," and the colonel and
Billie will go galloping side by side at
a mad pace over the sandy loam; but
Biliie always comes first "under the wire.
To see the doughty colonel and the white
gander go speedily by is a cheerful sight.
Colonel Post attributes the fowl's iond
ness for him to the fact that he ate his
favorite companion, a large turkey, for
his Christmas dinner.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
F. E. Johnson, a fruit-grower of San
Jose, Is at the Lick.
A. Arnold, a rancher of Oakdale, Is at
the Grand on his way to Alaska.
Dr. yon Deburgh, the resident physician
at Los Gatos, is at the California.
John F. Wood, a banker of Stockton, is
one of yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
G. McM. Ross, a wealftiy mining man of
Copperopolis, is registered at the Occi
dental.
Z. W. Christopher, superintendent of
the Mirabel mine, is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
Harry Anger, a young Londoner, on
his way around the world, is registered
at the Palace.
C. N. Doodson, a well-known business
man of Vancouver, B. C, is at the Palace
with Mrs. Doodson.
Professor Edward D. Starbuck of Stan
ford University is staying at the Grand
on a short trip up to the city.
Colonel Charles F. James, son of the
ex-Postmaster-General, is" at the Palace
on a pleasure trip to the coast.
Lieutenant M. C. Gorgas, U. S. N., has
come down from Mare Island with his
wife and is staying at the California.
L. M. Maddox, trustee of the lone In
dustrial School, has come up to the city
to attend a meeting of the directors of
that institution. He Is at the Grand.
"You may talk
o f dissipation,
disappointment or
of anything else
you please that
tends to make a
man cynical and
blase; and point
IMPERVIOUS
TO ALL
FEELING.
out lawyers, doctors and members of the
police as examples of the hardening in
fluence that a correct insight into human
nature has en the average man," said
W. D. Fraser, an old journalist, as he
sat in the reading-room of the California
yesterday, "but I know of nothing that
will make a man so callous to every feel
ing of humanity as a year or two of copy
reading on some big daily.
"I remember when I was on on© of tha
leading papers in Virginia we had a gen
tleman on the desk, whom I will call
Smith. He was a rather able man, but a
holy terror for cutting stuff down to # the
smallest possible limit. One night the
fellow who was 'doing police' came in
with a column of stuff on Smith's brother,
who had gone suddenly insane, and, af
ter attempting to murder his wife and
infant son, had committed suicide. Tho
reporter hesitated some time about hand
ing the story to Smith, as he feared that
the sudden shock of the news would be
too much for him. but, as there was no
one else on the desk, he was finally obliged
to do so. Smith took the copy, and, after
reading it through without the slightest
change of expression, turned to the re
porter and said: 'Here, cut this down to
a short two-head. Tou fellows never
seem to have the slightest judgment on
the news value of a story you bring in.'
The reporter, who was new to the busi
ness, -went out into the local room in a
sort of a trance and did as he was
directed."
Dr. E. W. Flemming, the Arizona phy
sician who has lately been married to
the queen of last year's fiesta in Los An
geles, is at the Occidental with his bride.
Lorin Farr, ex-Mayor of Ogden and a
prominent Mormon, is a guest at the
Lick. In the old days Mr. Farr possessed
four wives and was the right-hand man
of Brigham Young.
J. C. Stubbs, vice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, and R. P.
Schwerin of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, arrived in the city Thursday
night from the East, where they have
been for some time on a business trip.
Joseph Ladue, the famous Klondiker, is
at the Palace with his wife, where he ar
rived yesterday from the East. Mr. Ladue
has been to New York on business con
nected with the new miningand transpor
tation company of which he Is the head,
and has succeeded inobtainingavesselfor
the Alaskan trade, which is now on her
■way out to the coast via the Straits of
Magellan.
Miles Wallace, the Tosemlte Commis
sioner, is a guest at the Grand.
Colonel Charles H. Taylor, owner and
editor of the Boston Globe, is registered
at the Palace, where he arrived yesterday
from Coronado, at which place he has
been for some time past spending a va
cation. He is accompanied by his wife
and two daughters, the eldest of whom.
Miss Elizabeth Taylor, is to become the
bride of Horace D. Pillsbury of this city
Colonel Taylor will return to Boston in
a few days, but his wife and daughters
will remain on the coast until Spring
when they will return to Boston accom
panied by Mr. Pillsbury and the mar
riage will take place in that city some
time in the early summer.
About three
months ago a
little girl, follow
ed by a white
dog with a moth
eaten coat of
hair and a gene
rally frayed at
"CHECKS,"
THE
TRANSFER DOG.
tne cages appearance, was crossing East
street on her way to the Oakland terry
when, in the crowd, sh* became separat^
ed from her pet. The dog wandered
around nosing for its mistress whin a
butcher-wagon, coming along ;U a pretty
lively clip, ran over the beast and left v
apparently dead in the street. A crowd of
newsboys, transfer men ajid hotel run
ners gathered around the little animal
and one of them, commonly known as
•Tank" Spayth, seeing some signs of lS
in the almost inanimate carcass picked
it up, and, carrying it behind the bair
gage-room at the end of the cable turn
table, worked over it till a feeble wag of
the tail attested to the fact that the ca
nine patient was not entirely beyond
hope. A house composed of an old dry
goods box was comfortably fitted up for
the invalid, and there Spayth tenderly
nursed it until, after about three weeks
he succeeded in bringing him around all
right. During the convalescense of this
waif of the streets he became an object
of much interest and solicitude to every
hark man, transfer man and hotel run
ner on the front, while in the newsboys
who congregate around the foot of Mar
ket street he found warm friends, who
never let him want for a succulent bone
to gnaw at or a warm bit of rag to shel
ter him from the cold winds at night
As soon as his injuries permitted of his
taking short walks around a grand con
vocation was called, and the name of
"Checks" was formally bestowed upon
him. As the days multiplied the esteem
with which the many virtues of "Checks"
were regarded by his many friends in
creased to such proportions that when a
visiting Pound man happening along
there one day threw his net over him
and proceeded to take him in he was set
upon by a squad of infuriated small boys,
who, tearing his net to pieces, liberated
their friend and made it so warm for the
dog-catcher that he was glad to escape
with his life. After that occurrence a
collection was taken up, out of which
enough was realized to procure for
"Checks" a brand new collar with his
name engraved thereon and a tag which
insured him against further molestation
for a year to come. The only evil re
sult that accrued from the accident which
was the cause of "Checks" becoming one
of the gang was complete deafness; the
dog could not hear a park of artillery at
ten feet. This physical infirmity of his is
a source of considerable annoyance to
the grlpmen on the cars, as "Checks" has
acquired the habit of sitting directly in
the middle of the track about a hundred
feet from the turn table, and, being un
able to hear the clanging of the bell, the
car invariably has to be stopped while
the gripman climbs out, and, picking him
up, carries him to one side and deposits
him beyond the reach of danger. This
may be rather inconvenient for the grip
men, but they always do it, as they well
know that the man who should run over
"Checks" could never, with safety, again
show his face at the East-street terminus
o- the line.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— L. Feigenbaum
of San Francisco is at the Hotel Savoy,
and J. Flanagan of San Francisco la at
the Westminster Hotel.
A VALENTINE PROPOSAL.
In Sunday go-ter-meetin's
I spruced up mighty fine
An' rid erlong ter Mary's housa
Ter be her valentine.
I looked the sort o' feller
Fer which the gals 'ud pine;
They'd all be proud ter take me
Ter be their valentine.
But I'd been lovln' Mary—
As all the folks could see.
An' never had no doubts at all
'Bout Mary lovln' me.
An' though the gals went ?ighln'
From springtime up ter fall,
I said: "I'll give Miss Mary
The fust chance of 'em all!"
My heart was beatln' hopeful,
My Bperrits feelin' prime;
I rid erlong, an' hummed a song —
The ol' mare trottin' time!
The fust wll' flowers wuz peepln' out—
The bright skies bendin' blue:
"Oh, Mary mine, yer valentine
Is trottin' long ter you!"
I lighted at the gyarden gat«
An' then went smilin' In;
The very cllnkin' o' the latch
Said: "Walk this way. an* winl w
.An' Mary met me at the door —
I saw her blue eyes shine;
An' takln' of her hand, I said:
"I've fetched yer valentlnel"
Sho blushed— drawed back an' 'peared con
fused,
An' looked toward the door
A-leadln' ter the settln'-room;
Then, studyin' the floor
An' never raisin' of her eyes.
Said: "Much obleeged, I'm shore;
But — havln' Just accepted one,
'Taint fair ter take no more!"
* • • • •
The worl' changed in a minute —
The bright sky lost Its blue;
The settln'-room whirled roun' me,
An' the feller In it, too!
The ol" mare trotted home'ards
An' stumbled all the way;
An' I'm wonderin' ter this minute
What the other gals '11 say!
—Frank Stanton in Chicago Times-Herald.
, __
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Woman wouldn't be near as much of a
curiosity if she didn't have any.
No man can keep a secret when he's In
love, and no woman can keep a secret
when she isn't.
Probably women like cats because they
always act so unhappy when It's raining
outdoors.
Most men would rather be held up hy a
footpad for all they've got than to hold
up a baby for five minutes.
RABBITS BROKE THE COUNTY.
The funniest story of the result of pay
ing bounties for animals' scalps comes
from Kansas. Sumner County offered 3
cents for every rabbit's scalp brought in.
The farmers loaded up their double-bar
reled howitzers, sallied forth, killed 158,
514 rabbits and broke the county.— St. Paul
Globe.
FITTING.
They do pay some attention to the pro
prieties in Alaska. A man named Brlm
ston was permitted to discover Sulphur
Creek.— Omaha Bee.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COFFEE AND RICE— S., Stockton,
Cal. The imports of rice from tie Ha
waiian Islands at this port during ISO 7
were; Free. 5,406,700 pounds; dutiable. 86,
562,353 pounds. The amount of coffoe from
the islands during the same period waa
19,211,998 pounds.
A CERTIFICATE-E. W., City. The
certificate asked about was one that was
issued when there was a movement to
secure the independence of the nation
named. It has no commercial value and
there being so many in 0.-:;V;tenrtL-, it has
no market value as a curiosity.
BBANS-H. Elk Grove, Cal. In Cali
fornia generally the first crop of beans
of the year is harvested in Septemaer.
The harvesting in this as well as in otlvr
States of the Union depends upon the
time of planting and the kind of seed.
Bayos are raised in the greatest quantity
in California.
GOLD IN SOLUTION — A. P. H.,
Campo, Cal. When gold, silver and iron
are in solution the gold can be precipi
tated by the use of ferro cyanide. First
the solution is put into strong brine or
muriatic acid, which throws the silver.
Then the ferro cyanide is used to throw
the gold.
HANGING IN ENGLAND— P. McQ.,
City. A man named John Lee was
hanged in England May 18, ISSS, for the
murder of a police inspector at Chelm
ford. That is the only man by the name
of Lee who was sentenced to be hanged
for murder in England about thirteen or
fourteen years ago thnt this department
has been able to discover.
YOSEMITE VALLEY— C. R. 8., Oak
land, Cal. The Yosemite Valley was dis
covered March 21, ISSI, by Major James
R. Savage and Captain Boling, who were
at the head of an expedition that set out
to pursue and nunish the Yosemite and
other Indians v?ho had murdered a num
ber of whites. An interesting account of
this discovery and the fight with the In
dians can be found in volume 3 of Hit
tell's "History of California."
THE CUBAN QUESTION-A. S.. Cle
ments, Cal. This department has not
the space to furnish sufficient material
on the Cuban question to enable an in
dividual "to base a debate upon." Fur
ther, this department does not furnish
material for debates, for the reason thnt
a person who wishes to engage in a de
bate upon a subject should himself ot
herself look up the authorities and not,
depend upon some one else to do that
and furnish the ideas. In cases of that
kind the debater does not furnish his
or her own deductions, but those of an*
other.
BOTTLES— T. O. Y. R., City. Bottles
are made in molds. "When the glass has
been properly melted and skimmed, a
workman dips a long iron tube, called a
blow pipe, into a pot and takes up a
sufficient quantity of molten . glass to
make a .bottlo, another workman works
this into a pear-shape by slightly blow
ing and turning it on a stone or iron
table, called a marver. He then places
the mass into a mold of either cast iron
or brass, which is opened and closed by
means of a foot spring. When In the
mold the partially distended glass 13
made to fill by the workman blowing
down the tube, the bottom being pushod
up with a pontil and the ring around the
mouth afterward made hy the addition of
a strip of molten glass. After boing
molded the bottle is placed in the an
nealing furnace where it remains lor
thirty-six hours.
STEEL— F.. Alameda. Cal. Thero are
two processes for making steel from Iron.
If the material is cast or pig iron an ex
cess of carbon must be taken from it;
if it is wrought or malleable iron carbon
must be added to it. The second is for
the manufacture of the finest quality.
Two chests of fire brick are fixed in a
dome shaped furnace so that the flames
from the hearth below can play effectu
ally around them. A layer of charcoal
or soot is placed on the bottom of each
chest and upon this are laid the bars ol
wrought Iron. They are arranged a lit
tle distance apart, and the interstices be
tween are filled up with charcoal, ana
the bars themselves are covered an inch
thick with them. Other layers of bars
and charcoal are placed on these. The
furnace heat is raised to L 896 Fahren
heit, the point necessary to effect car
buration. This is maintained from eight
to ten days or longer, the period depend
ing on the thickness of the iron and the
degree of hardness desired. The fire is =
allowed to cool by degrees and the iron*
is transformed into steel, but not of uni-*
form texture. It is made homogeneous
by breaking it into small pieces, fusing it
in a fire clay crucible and casting it into
molds.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
" Samuel Dannebaum is still doing busi
ness at 730 Market street, where he will ba
pleased to see all of his customers. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
New Leather Goods— Purses, pocket and
bill books, valises, alligator bags, chate
laine bags, belts . and Mexican carved
leather novelties. Best goods and lowest
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street.
"■♦ ■ ■ .
"I consider her," said the man with tho
big cane, "a remarkably well balanced
woman."
v He was right, too. But then It was part
of her business to hang to the ladder that
her husband, the strong man, balanced
on his chin. — Chicago Post. i"'.*
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on • 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping-car
tickets sold through and full information given
at 14 Montgomery st. W. H. Snedaker, General
Agent. •
■ .■■ -. . ■ ♦ ■ *.. .o-'v.-.-ii.-
Get a home: $1000 cash and $40 per month fop
a few years will buy the prettiest ' house in
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
R. E. McGill, IS Post st.
j■ ♦ »
• IRRITATION OF THE THROAT AND HOARSEVESS
are immediately relieved by.." Brown' t Bronchial
Troches.' 1 : Have them always ready. '.
— ."' ■♦■..' -."V.\
■ Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Sieoert's Angostura Bitters.
See that you get the genuine.
' '.-. '. .'"' ' ** '- ~~* > >
I Avoid baldness, gray hair, dandruff and thin
locks by using Pabor's Hair Bat.saM. %
HisuKRCOHKa. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
. ' : — ■ ♦ ■
"That land you sold me is a foot under
•water" every time it rains."
"Don't let that worry you. You know,
as the surrounding, country is more
thickly settled, land always rises."—ln
dianapolis Journal. i '■]-. . ■- ■ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PURER AND
STRON6ER THAN ANY
OTHERLOADING STEAMERS FOR THE YUKON.
Four stern-wheelers and six barges are now being loaded into the ship Sintram for transportation to Dutch Harbor.
At the latter place they will be put together rand will then steam to St. Michael to load for Dawson City.
FOUGHT OVER A
WOMAN'S COFFIN
Disgraceful Scenes at the
Burial of Mrs. Emma
Cediey.
A Man Covets the. Jewels on
the Dead Body of His
Wife.
But for Outside Interference There
Would Have Been Blows at
the Funeral.
Mrs. Emma Cediey was burled from
her home, at 1513 Fifteenth avenue,
yesterday, and all South San Francisco
is talking of the events of the funeral.
But for the interposition of a stranger
there would have been blows over the
coffin In which the dead woman lay,
and it was all over two rings, for which
it would have been hard to get $3.
The rings were on the woman's fin
ger as she lay in her grave clothes, and
the husband declared they should not
be buried with her. He would have
taken them from her, too, had not' her
brother stepped In and warned him
away. Then there were threats and
angry words, which had not cooled even
when the cemetery had claimed its
own.
Mrs. Cediey was the wife of a team
ster for one of the butcher firms of
South San Francisco. She had con
sumption, and three weeks ago she
realized that her end was near. She
had no one to attend on her, and so
three of the neighbors came in, and one
of them, a Mrs. Hyde, was with her
when she died. Before she died, she
told those who were with her that she
did not want any of her property to go
to her husband, for, she said, every
thing belonged to her, and she wanted
it to be applied to the payment of her
debts.
When she died an undertaker was
called in, but when the time came for
the funeral there was trouble. Two of
the dead woman's brothers demanded
that nothing be done until the other
brother had appeared, and there was
a wait. When he did come, the ques
tion arose as to where the money for
the funeral was to come from. Finally
one of the brothers said he would pay
If Cediey would not, and he handed the
undertaker $20.
Then the husband approached the
coffin, and seeing that the woman's
rings were still on her finger, he de
clared his intention of taking them off.
The brothers vowed he should not, and
in the presence of his dead wife Cediey
wrangled for the paltry jewels he be
grudged the grave. Then Cediey's
nephew, Frank Orr, joined in the pro
ceedings, aijd there would have been
more than words if a young man by
the name of Doran had not come for
ward and demanded peace.
The funeral started for the church,
but it had gone but a few blocks when
it was learned that the brothers were
having the furniture removed from the
house. A sister of Cediey came back,
and mounting the express wagon she
pulled the load of furniture to the
gmund and had it carted back into
the house; but when she had taken
possession the brothers returned and
took everything except the sofa, upon
which the woman had seated herself
and from which she refused to move.
Cediey started out to secure warrants
for the arrest of the brothers, but they
■were not served yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOB— —
CONSTIPATION, '
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter .Water*." Lancet..
"Speedy, sure, gentle." ErUUhiltdicalJournai
CAUTION: See that the label bean the signa-
ture qt Ute firm.
■ - '■ ..,"..•■ Andreas Saxlchner.
STEAMERS FOR
THE YUKON
Four Stern-Wheelers and
Six Barges Going Up
on the Sintram.
The New Steamer Dirigo to
Run From This Port to
Dyea Direct.
Passenger Rates Between San Fran
cisco and Eureka Take a Sud
den Advance.
The first of the new river steamers
and barges for use on the Yukon are
now being: loaded into the ship Sin
tram at Spear-street wharf. There are
four steamers and six barges In all, and
their building has not taken much over
seven weeks. T. P. H. Whitelaw se
cured the contract from the Alaska Ex
ploration Company, and will more than
fulfill his promise to- have the boats un
der way for Dutch Harbor by March 1.
Three .of the steamers are 182 feet
long-, 36 feet 6 inches broad and 7 feet 6
inches deep, and will carry 350 tons of
freight on a four-foot draft. The other
steamer is 150 feet long, 36 feet 6 inches
broad and 7 feet 6 inches deep, and will
carry 250 tons of freight on a four-fo-ot
draft, while the barges are 145 feet
long, 32 feet 6 inches broad and 7 feet 6
inches deep, and will each carry 400
tons of freight. The steamers and
barges have been built in sections, and
100 machinists, carpenters and painters
will go up on the Sintram to put them
together at Dutch Harbor. The Sin
tram will be towed north by the tug
Fearless. Mr. Whitelaw will go north
with the ship, and when the steamers
and barges have been put together and
on their way to St. Michael he and his
men will return to San Francisco on
her.
The handsome new steamer Dirigo
has been secured by the Alaska-Yukon
Transportation Company, and will run
between San Francisco and Dyea and
Skaguay direct. No stops at way ports
are to be made, and passengers from
here will have to handle their freight
once only. The Dirigo will be splen
didly fitted out as a passenger boat,
and will make quick time on all her
trips. She will get away on her maiden
voyage on March 1. The same compa
ny's steamer National City leaves to
dny with 118 passengers, and among
her freight will be 161 dogs, two horses
and four mules. Captain Anderson,
who made the fastest trip of the sea
son last year, goes out as master of
the National City, and Charles Jenkins,
formerly chief clerk of the Holienbeck
Hotel, Los Angeles, goes as purser.
Among those who will leave for St.
Michael on the Rufus E. Wood will be
a party of twelve from Los Angeles.
They will take with them a fifty-foot
stern-wheel steamer and will make
their home on it until all their for
tunes are made. The heads of the con
cern are: H. C. Register, manager; A.
Buckingham, commissariat; A. Howe,
C. R. Lowe and George Groper, finance
committee. *
The ship C. F. Sargent is having her
'tween decks strengthened and is re
ceiving a thorough overhauling at Lit
tle Main street.
The British ship Star of Italy was
placed on the Merchants dry dock yes
terday for inspection. If everything is
satisfactory she will be put under J. J.
Moore & Co.'s flag.
One of the results of the rush to the
Klondike is the advance in passenger
rates to Eureka. The Homer was
placed temporarily on the run in place
of the Pomona, but as the wreck of the
Corona will keep that vessel on the
southern route, the Homer will con
tinue on the Eureka run. Then fhe
jlumboldt was chartered for the Klon
dike trade and that left only the North
Fork and Homer in the business. In
consequence the steam schooner has
advanced her rates {2 50 for a first
class passage.
The Harbor Commissioners held a
short session yesterday and decided to
have the seal of California put in the
floor of the grand nave of the new fer
ry depot In mosaic. The job was let to
Braider & Posquali for $800. The his
tory of the building is also to be put
in a brass frame and fastened to the
wall near the seal.
The Harbor Light and Improvement
Company wants tho contract for light-
Ing the water front from April 1, but
the Commissioners took no action in
the matter. C. F. McCarthy & Co.'s
bill for $487 35 was allowed. The con
crete in the rear galleries and floor of
the waiting room of the new depot was
made an inch thick, instead of three
auarters of an inch, and at first Com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
missioner Harney refused to pass the
bill. When It was pointed out that 25
per cent of the contract price for the
work was still on hand he agreed to
pass the bill for the time being.
A JUDGE MANDAMUSED.
W. J. Fifield . Invokes the Supreme
Court to Enjoin Judge
Hebbard.
W. J. Fifield, a property owner In San
Moteo County, invoked the aid of the Su
preme Court yesterday to enjoin Judge
Hebbard from proceeding- in the matter
of the Spring Valley Water Company
from diverting any of the water flowing
through San Andreas Creek, in San Ma
teo County.
The petition recites that «o me time ago,
before Judge Hebbard, Fifleld began a
suit against the water company. Fifleld
in his complaint asserted that he was the
possessor of certain property in San Ma
ted County through which San Andreas
Creek flowed; that he was entitled,
therefore, to the use of the water in said
creek, but that the Spring Valley Com
pany had sought, by building a flume, to
divert the stream whereby the water
might be collected In a reservoir. As a
result of the litigation Judge Hebbard
issued a decree to the effect that Fifield
was entitled to the ordinary flow of the
water, but that all the water resulting
from the greater flow, due to storms or
freshet, might be diverted to the use of
the water company. His Honor further
found that the water company never in
tended to use the ordinary flow, but that
the plaintiff was entitled to an Injunction
preventing the use of this supply. How
ever, Attorney Morgan asked that Judge
Hebbard issue a permanent injunction
directed against the Spring Valley Com
pany forbidding it to use any of the wa
ter in San Andreas Creek. This his Honor
refused to do, hence the appeal to the
higher tribunal.
WILL CAVORT ON THE DIAMOND
Old-Time Players Volunteer Their
Services in Behalf of Tom
Power.
A chance to see a great game of ball
with all the old favorites in the field and
to do a fellow sufferer a good turn is
before the followers of the national game
in this city. To-morrow at Central Park
the friends of Tom Power, that old
time player who became so well known
in the California league days, and who
so ably represented this State In the big
leagues of the East, will tender him a
benefit.
Men who havo made names for them
selves by their clever work on the dia
mond and who can never be forgotten
have volunteered their services for* the
occasion Rnd it will be worth the price
of admission to see them once more don
j the suits that once graced local dia
monds.
"McGlnty" Carroll and Matt Stanley
■svill change as catchers, Phil Knell, John
son and "Brother" Joe Corbett will oc
cupy the box, Pete Sweeny will play first.
"Scottyj' McDonald will lay aside the
I cures or umpiring and take a chance at
i kicking loud ami lustily at Joe Choynski,
! Billy Nash and Charley Gagus, and play
second base. Fred Lange will occupy
the third corner with Mertes as his neigh
bor at short. "Little Eva" Lange, who
has been selected to captain the Chl
cagos next season, will play in the middle
of the outer garden. Van Haltren, he
of tall form and speedy limbs, will keep
Lange company in left field; and last but
not least, the kindergarten's delight, the
only Rube Levy, will shine in right field.
To see "Rube" in harness again and to
listen to the plaudits of the bleachers
will be worth double the price of admis
sion.
With this array of talent as a drawing
card the grounds should be filled to over
flowing. Michael Joseph Conboy will
lend his presence and add dignity to the
occasion and what else can a "crank"
desire.
Opposed to the cracknjncka will be the
California Markets. This team has be
come so well known throughout the State
that no explanation la needed. Suffice to
say that "Graceful" Iberg will twirl,
Marty Murphy will hold down the initial
cushion, and the rest of the men, the two
Krugs. Hearty, Pyne, Bodie, Stroeker
and Monahan, will be in the game. A«
a victory over the old-time professionals
will mean a big thing to the Markets,
they will play as if a sack of coin were
up as trophy. •
In the morning the wheelmen will con
tribute their services in the good cause
with the Olympic Cyclers and the Acme
Cyclers as representatives.
French oval frames, all sizes, new and
stylish moldings and the nicest and
cheapest line of cabinet and Paris panel
frames at Banborn & Vails. •
GEORGE ADAM GOES TO JAPAN.
A Well-Known. Local Journalist De-
parts on the Bio To-Day.
George A. Adam, for many years a
well-known local newspaper man and
theatrical manager, goes to Yokohama
to-day for the purpose of accepting a
responsible position on the Advertiser.
Mr. Adam was at one time a clerk in
the Bank of England, but he has been
engaged in dramatic, literary and news
paper enterprises ever plnce he arrived in
Pan Francisco— ten years ago. He has
the confidence and respect of a wide circle
of friends on this coast, all of whom will
wish him great prosperity In the Mi
kado's realm.
The fao-simile /T& //*<?. ST* U ori ever wrapper
signature of.^. t£t//ffi£a£j&£ of CASTOEIA.
CONSPIRED
TO MURDER
AN OLD MAN
Serious Charge Pre
ferred Against a
Lawyer.
A. Ronaldo Velensuela
Landed in Prison by-
Captain Bohen.
Arrested While in the Company
of Pedro Chavalow, His *
Intended Victim.
BOUND FOR THE KLONDIKE
The Dark Plot Was Hatched by a
Woman in Tucson,
Arizona.
Through the arrest of A. Ronaldo
Velensuela last night, the police say
they have unearthed a deep-laid con
spiracy to murder and rob an old man
for the purpose of getting possession of
his money. The Intended victim of the
dark plot Is Pedro Chavalow, an aged
Frenchman, who arrived here a short
time ago from Tucson, Ariz.
Several days ago Chief Lees received
the following communication from City
Marshal Finley of Tuscon:
I have a favor to ask you which I trust
you will grant. There arrived in your
city on or about January 30 a Mexican
[ named A. Ronaldo Velensuela. I believe
he is stopping at the Brooklyn Hotel. He
is awaiting the arrival of an old French
man named Pedro Chavalow. The lat
ter should arrive in San Francisco about
the Bth or 10th of this month. He and
Velensuela are to go to Alaska. The
Frenchmaun is worth about $75,000 and
carries a life insurance policy for $25,000.
Since their departure from here I am In
formed that the Mexican and the French
man's wife have conspired to take the
old man to the Klondike, where he is to
be killed so that they can get his prop
erty and insurance.
I know the woman to ba a tough char
acter, and I am working hard to get suf
ficient evidence to warrant her arrest.
I can do nothing with them until I
obtain additional proof. I wish you
would find out if they have already gone
to Alaska, and the name of the steamship
they took. Also whether or not they
went together. The Mexican might have
the old man in San Francisco. Yours sin
cerely SAM FINLEY,
J City Marshal.
Chief Lees, after perusing the letter,
turned It over to Captain Bohen. The
latter sent for Detectives Tom Gibson
and Dillon, and after a short conference
they decided to act at once. The chief
of detectives went to the Brooklyn Ho
tel and found the names of Velenzuela
and his alleged victim on the register.
He stationed Gibson and Di'.lon in the
office of the hotel while he went to the
rooms occupied by the men. They
were n»t in, and fearing that the old
man had already been done away with
Bohen. determined not to allow the sus
pected murderer to escape, sent his
men to guard the Oakland ferry.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last night the
aged Frenchman and Velensuela re
turned to the hotel and were met by
two detectives. They were at once
taken to police headquarters, where
they were closely questioned by the
chief of detectives. Velensuela did not
appear surprised when told why he had
been arrested.
"It is all a mlßtake," he remarked,
puffing- away at a clgrar. "I'll be able
to establish my Innocence at the prop
er time."
In answer to Captain Bohen's ques
tions, he said he was an attorney at
law, and that he had been sent here
by Mrs. Chavalow to discourage her
husband from going to the Klondike.
"I tried to dissuade him from mak
ing the trip, he remarked, "and as he
seemed determined I concluded to go
with him. We had already made ar
rangements for provisions, and intend
ed to leave on the next steamer."
Velensuela exhibited a letter which
he received yesterday morning from
the wife of his intended victim. She
asked him not to allow the "old man"
to go to Alaska, as he "would surely
die there." Velensuela made several
contradictory statements when closely
questioned by the detective.
To an interpreter Chavalow said that
he left Arizona he gave Velensuela
Alaska gold fields. He said that betore
he left Arizona he gave Vellensuela
5180, expecting that he would follow
him.
Since his arrival here Chavalow
claims he gave Velensuela $350, which
he sent to a cousin, who lives in Tuc
son. The innocent Frenchman pro
fessed absolute ignorance of the al
legod conspiracy and seemed much de
pressed when told of it.
Yesterday .morning, he said, Velen
suela took him for a drive down the
country and showed him many "beau
tiful farms."
The alleged conspirator -was placed
in the tanks, and will be held pending
further investigation.
Late last night Captain Bohen re
ceived the following telegraphic mes
sage from City Marshal Finley:
Tell the old Frenchman I wrote to you
about to come to Tucson at once, as I
GEORGE B. SPERRY SHOT.
The Weil-Known Business Man the Victim
of a Hunting Accident.
R SERIOUS, possibly fatal, accident occurred yesterday to George B.
l\ Sperry, brother of the Princess Poniatowski and a brother-in-law
fi of William H. Crocker. Mr. Sperry, who is a notable member of
the Country Club, was hunting snipe In the marsh about two miles
from the club house, near Olema, in Marin County, when his shotgun
was accidentally discharged, the pellets entering the lower part of his
thigh and carrying away the kneecap. The sufferer was carried as
soon as possible to Abbott's, the nearest house, and every attention
paid to stanch the blood and relieve the pain. At a late hour It was
stated over the telephone from Olema that Mr. Sperry was resting
easily, and it was thought that he would survive the shock and loss of
blood. He is attended by Dr. Wickman of San Rafael. The wounded
man is manager of the Sperry Flour Mills and first vice-president erf
the Sperry Flour Company. He Is 45 years of age, and is married. His
wife was a Miss Staples of Oakland.
have positive information of the conspir
acy to kill him.
Captain Bohen expects that Mrs.
Chavalow will also be arrested, and
jointly charged with Velensuela.
If You Want
To be entertained, to learn all the
society news, keep posted on stocks,
follow the doings of San Franciscans
abroad, or learn how the slot machine
takes your nickels and gives you few
cigars, get to-day's NEWS LETTER.
Corruption in the Board of Education
is discussed, and the duty of the Grand
Judy pointed out. Pleasure's Wand
discusses theatricals. The critic hits
right and left. Its pertinent hints
and sharp editorial paragraphs prick
the impertinence and faults of official
life. A complete magazine of fact,
story, society and breezy comment, all
for 10 cents.
From Hospital to Prison.
George Grunzendorf, alias Fltz Miller,
who was stabbed in a drunken quarrel
on Clay street on the 3d of December
last and who has been occupying a cot
in the hospital since then, was taken
from there last evening and a charge of
petty larceny was entered against him.
On December 10, 189G, he stole two flower
vases valued at $100 from the residence
of Mrs. A. M. Towne at 1101 California
street. Detective Eagan recovered them
yesterday in a house at 4 Central ave
nue, where he had disposed of them. On
March 20 he was arrested for petty lar
ceny and sentenced to thirty days' Im
prisonment.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. *
WALLER OBTAINS
HIS RELEASE
The School Director's Bond Is
Accepted by Judge
Belcher.
Ho Then Visits Chief of Polio© Lees
•knd Walks Forth a Pres
Man.
School Director Waller was In Judge
Belcher's court bright and early yester
day morning for the purpose of giving
himself up and obtaining his release from
custody at the same time. It will be re
membered that on Thursday afternoon
Waller was ready to present his bond
with his two sureties, Thomas Burns and
Joseph F. Naphtaly, each of whom had
qualilied for $5000, but there being no court
open and no judge available the whole
matter was postponed till the next day.
That is why the redoubtable Waller was
on hand so punctually yesterday, for he
wished to avoid any unpleasant conse
quences to himself, and everything was
arranged in the most pleasant manner
imaginable for the School Director who is
under indictment for a felony in asking
a bribe, and from subsequent events it is
plain to be seen that no ordinary offender
is he.
So he came into Judge Belcher's court
with a pleasant smile on his face and his
bond in his hand and submitted the latter
for judicial approval, at the same time
asking for an order of release. The judge
oast his eagle eye over the document, and
seeing that it was in proper shape and
conformed to all legal requirements, ac
cepted the bond without any further de
lay.
The order of release was made out by
Judge Belcher and Waller then went
down stairs with it to the office of Chief
Lees, and Detective Cody took the order
of release to the prison, where it was en
tered on the book and School Director
Waller was again a froe man, although
it can not be said that he was at arty
time really deprived of his liberty.
But Waller being a city and county offi
cial is probably entitled to the little cour
tesies which other officials can extend in
the hour of need, and in Waller's case the
whole affair was as serene and quiet as a
social function.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000 0 O 0000000000000000000
I CURE FOR MEN. 1
jO '■ — — — - — . : '. '°
° Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Has Restored 1
• 10,000 Men to Healthy, Robust ' °
S Vigor in the Past Year. • §
o-: ■ ■:- ':■ .". • . -^.--, o
o ~ — — ~~~ — o
g . "Electricity is life," says Dr. San- °
° i^^^W en and this wonderful; Belt has ©
1° «-jr,(«f proven by its thousands .of cures o
O iil'llAv^Milini! that electricity restores wasted vigor, O
O i^^j^Si » builds up broken-down men, and so °
% wonderfully develops the physical o
° $X •^v^^^k energy that life grows full of °
° wk^^^m pleasure, age loses its sting and the o
O ffffi^r-^SBEg^j blood circulates warmly and vig- O
j O orously. °.
j o o
i Free Book for Weak Men, I
o7 . o
O A book that tells how the old vigor can be regained, how It has Q
O been regained, by thousands of your fellow-men. It is called "Three O
O Classes of Men," for young, middle-aged and old men who are not what O
O they should be at their age. It is full of Joyous messages from men now O
O strong. Get it and see what Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has done for weak ©
O men; free by mail or at the office, where consultation and advice are : ©
© free. Call or address ! ■■'■ ©
O ■■•' *■'■■>* "-■■-'- ■ ; - : ~*--^ , ■:- ■ ■ : O
Q SANDEN FTFCTRTr CO 63 ° Market St., Opposite o
W lO£^Una^a^UJLDl\j ; . \jV. 9 Palace Hotel. San Francisco. °
*^ Office hours, S a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Log Angeles," Cal.. ""'*:"
O 204 South Broadway; Portland, ■' Or., 253 Washington st; Denver, Col. r 931 Sixteenth ©
rt St.; Dallas, Tex.. 255 Main st. ■ _
w NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— MARKET STREET. • ■■ *»
O:.:-;.' : - •-■'■■ -.;:■:. ..'■■:-,■>; ■,:;..•>■-.■ : .-, :.:..,^:- ,.;:..,.;...;;,■, •, ■, . :.. o
O O 000000 0000000 0000 00 O O O 00 00 00 O
DR. H. H. HART
HAS RESIGNED
The Local Board of Health
Is Now Short One
Member.
Departure for the East for an
Indefinite Period the
Reason.
Governor Budd Inspects th« Alms
house Tract With tha
Board.
Governor Budd will have the pleasure
of appointing a new member of the
Board of Health as soon as he can de-
cide on a successor for Dr. H. H. Hart,
who tendered his resignation as a mem
ber of that department yesterday.
Dr. Hart chose a most auspicious oc
casion for his retirement from the field
of local municipal affairs. Governor
Budd, Mayor Phelan, president of the
board, and the other members being
present, as well as Health Officer
O'Brien and several Invited guests. The
resignation took place at the Alms
house during the progress of a dinner
that had been tendered to "those present
by Superintendent Reddy. The party
was at the Almshouse to inspect the
tract on which the city poorhouse Is sit
uated, for the purpose of selecting a
site for the City and County Hospital,
which the Board of Supervisors has de
cided to locate on the grounds.
While the repast was In progress, Dr.
Hart arose and surprised most of those
present by announcing that he intend
ed to leave San Francisco for an In
definite period, and that he was con
strained by the circumstances to ten
der his resignation as a member of the
board.
He feelingly recalled the pleasant re
lations he had sustained with his fel
low members and expressed regret that
he must sever his relations with them.
He also went over the history of a
number of actions of the board that
had redounded to the credit of the body
and the advantage of the city, and ex
pressed the hope that the good work
might continue. Dr. Hart's resigna
tion will be accepted at the next regu
lar session of the board. Other mem
bers of the board made addresses con
gratulating the retiring member on his
efforts in promoting the health of San
Francisco, and wishing him every suc
cess in his new field.
It is understood by Dr. Hart's close
friends that while his visit to the East
is ostensibly a vacation, it is quite pos
sible that he may remain, In case a
larger field for his labors develops. It
is an open question who will be ap
pointed to take Dr. Hart's place, and
Governor Budd says he has not as yet
made up his mind about the matter.
The party of inspection on the City
and County Hospital question made a
long and thorough tour of the grounds
and will decide, about the matter at
an early date.
Breaking Customs Seals.
Captain W. H. Greenlage, master of the
British ship Dunnerdale, from Chile, and
Captain R. Linbridge, master of the
American schooner Lila and Mattie, have
been ordered to appear before Collector
Jackson and show cause why they should
not be punished for breaking 1 the customs
seals placed on their vessels by the Cus
tom House Inspectors. The maximum
penalty for this offense is a fin© of $500.
r ADVERTISEMENTS. ...
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-Ion? Study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H.PEEKE, D.,
. 4 Cedar St., New York.
AMUSEMENTS. ; .
fSIiOIANDLfi fiOTTIOB aC'U!i!iis«««i«
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES.
• , • MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and Sunday— Edw. E. Rlcj's Superb
Production, ,
THE GIRL FROM PARIS.
Next Monday— THE BOSTONIANS in
"THE SERENADE!"
fRIEOLANOEB OOTTIOB a C° u*«i» »aaiui»
• . MATINEE TO-DAY. .
To-night, Sunday Night,- and All Next Week,
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
A Perfect Round of
COON SONGS COON COMEDY
JUBILEE SHOUTS OPERATIC REVIEWS
U%EDUNDER GOTTIOB &C«ussm
PLAY AND COMPANY A HIT.
! MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night, Sunday Night, and All Next Week.
Harry Corson Clarke,
And His Own Excellent Comedy Company, In
George H. Broadhurt's Farce,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
MONDAY— -21— MARIE -WAINWRIGHT.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TWO NIGHTS— and Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 15 and • 16. R. E. PEARY, Civil Engi-
neer, U. S. N. The greatest explorer living.
Will graphically describe his experience in the
far North. Illustrated with 100 lantern views.
Seats now ready at Sherman, Clay.& Co.'b.
MATINEE TO-DAY— SATURDAY, FEB. 12.
Parquet, any seat, 2f»c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
THE GREAT CLIVETTE,
Assisted by MLLE. OLIVETTE, Laughable Silhouettes.
FILLIS" DOGS, canine marvels; FRANCIS-
CO COLLENZ, Italian tenor; BROS. GLOS.
gladiatorial acrobats; WILLIAMS & ADAMS,
comedians; the Great GAUTIER, eques-
trian wonder; the NAWNS, Irish comedians;
BROS. DAMM, eccentric acrobats.
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krehxg, Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS! \
The Merry Operatic Fantasia,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN !"
SUPERB CAST!
Gorgeous Costumes! Beautiful Scenery I \
NEXT WEEK, .' 1
Stahl's Oriental Opera, ■
"SAID PASHA!"
Popular prices 250 and EOa
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR -SiriSr
. —MATINEE TO-DAY AT 8—
EVERY NIGHT AT 8 PROMPTLY I
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
Those Who Have Seen It Still Laugh.
Matinee Prices ..Isc. 250 350
Night Prices ..50c, 83e, 25c, or 15c
MOROSCO'B GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
First Appearance of the Well-known Roman-
• ■ -• - ■ tic Actor
HMRRY MAINHALL,
In the Title Role of John A. Stevens' Great
Melodrama,
" THE UINK.NO\A7rVJ ! "
A Thrilling Play With a Strong Cast. Great
m - . East River Scene ■« «MatMin.
Beautiful Seacoast Scene.
Evening Prices, 10, 25 and 500. ■ Matinee*
Saturday and Sunday.
TO-DAY
Mining Fair
mECHANICS' PAVILION.
OPEN 10 A. M. to 6P. M. 7:30 to 10:30 P. H.
SPECIAL!
LINCOLN DAY— Memorial exercises: 500
children !n choruses and drills, songs, stage "
entertainment . for children. Every school
child admitted for 10 cents and given a bag
of candy until 5 o'clock. •
Great attractions to-night— Captain John Hol-
tum and his cannon-ball act; received with .
great enthusiasm; a remarkable performance j
• In every way.
Bennett's Band and Rogers Sunday; open
from 1 until 6 .p. m., and from 7 until 10:30'
p. m. Extra large orchestra and band; 40 mv- ■
sicians, under the leadership of Rogers; popu- j
lar concert both afternoon and evening. En-
gagement extraordinary for that date only
cf Baroness Marie yon Zleber, prima donna I
soprano, and late star attraction* of Sousa's i
Concert Band; Wagner music. Also little Mm- !
nic Berlin, the phenomenal child barytone. '.
The Martels, bicyclists. Rogers and Tobln, the i
soloists.
SOUVENIR SPOONS.
Bellsving: that there are thousands of ladies
who are unable to attend the Mining Fair dur-
ing week days la the -day time, who would'
like to keep as a remembrance one of the
beautiful souvenir Mining Fair Spoons, the
management ' will present Sunday afternoon to ,
every lady buying a ticket at the box office i
from 1 until 5 a spoon; 25 gross have been pro- '
vided for the occasion.
7 Monday 1 and : Tuesday— St. Bernard Kennel >
Club Exhibition dog show; entries free. See
dally papers for other attractions. : •'
ADULT ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
CHIQUITA
la but One-third the Size of Mr. or Mrs.;
. General, Tom Thumb. ■ At
— THE CHUTES —^
Every Afternoon and Evening,
Rain or Shine. j
To-day and To-morrow, Festival of
THE CELTIC ' UNION."
Address by Mayor Phelan and Special Features,.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children, sc. j
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY.
February 7, to February 19, Inclusive.
: OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNEBDAY,
* .THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at -12 ■'-_ m '"
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, . 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m..
connecting with train stopping at the entrance,
to track. . Buy your ferry tickets to Shell '
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the Track .ac
4:15 and 4:45 p. m.. and Immediately after th» -
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
;R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
810 STAKE!- = BIG ENTRY!
Two Days-Two Days.
Saturday IP. M. ; Sunday 1 1 A. M.
BUSH-ST. THEATER. ■ .
: The Thalia German Hebrew Opera Company,
Wednesday and Sunday nights. February 9 and :
13, - the greatest dramatic ; opera, THE "PRIN- '
CESS OF JEHt'DA. Box office open ■ dally
from. 10 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. . : .
Vi OLYMPIA Corner of;M, SO nd . ■
j -'.' ___J_ Edd/ StreetJ.
The Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
The JACKSONS, MABEL BOWMAN. PUR^
IT A. HOWARD. HE ALY & STEVENS and a
■' great olio by ' artists. • Last : week of : JESSIH '
J MILLAR. , Admission free. T v
78
PLEASANT OUT
OF-TOWN
CYCLING TRIP.
Chib captains and touring wheelmen,
attention! Have you ever taken a Sun
day run up t» Antioch and returned by
the Stockton boat at midnight? By the
accompanying .itinerary an outline of the
trip is given, starting from this city at
7:30 a. m. This may seem a little early
these cool mornings, but the days are
short and one must get an early start:
Departure
and
Arrival.
Leave San Francisco™
Leave..... Berkeley
Leave Brewery ._
Leave [San Pablo .
Leave Pinole
Arrive Martinez ]
(^Dinner)
Leave Martinez
Leave..... ' Pacheco
Leave Concord i
Leave Willow Pass !
Arrive Antioch j
I Boat for»clty
7:30 a. m.
8:15 a. m.
S:2"i a. m.
10:0n a. m.
10:30 a. m.
; 12:00 m.
••
2
12
13
32
1:30 p. m.
2:00 p. m.
; 2:15 p. m.
j 6:00 p. m.
j C:C'J p. m.
.
5
2
6
10
23
11:30 p. m.
The following wheel enthusiasts are
groing to make this trip to-morrow, and
Invite any gentlemen who enjoy a nice,
medium distance, country ride, to join
them: Burmester, Bliss, Bent, King,
Hicks, Flnkler, Cleave, Kleinhaus,
Nougues, Robinson, Pinching, Pryor,
Boyd and BlackwelL A letter received
by one of them from Antioch says the
roads are in fine condition.
The run from Berkeley to Martinez Is
usually in the face of a strong head
wind. At this season no such difficulty
is encountered. The roads are dry and
smooth or gravelly. The sunset as seen
from Willow Pass is said to be a study
in all gold and crimson, and alone well
worth the trip.
After dinner at Antioch, at 11 p. m. the
tourists take the Stockton boat for home,
arriving here Monday morning at 5
o'clock. Considering the distance trav
eled the trip is very cheap:
Fare to Berkeley 10
Lunch at Martinez 26
Dinner at Antlooh 25
Fare on boat to city 25
Berth on boat to city ;,u
Total $1 35
The run promises to become a favorite
one with the cycling clubs this season.
The thirteenth annual party of the Bay
City Wheelmen- at the Palace Hotel next
Wednesday evening, February 16, prom
ises to exceed all previous social func
tions of this club in point <jf elegance and
attendance. The invitations, limited as to
number, have been eagerly sought for,
and those fortunate enough* to secure one
are assured a most enjoyable evening.
Walter B. Fawcett has matched John
E. Edwards of the Olympic and Imperial
clubs of this city against G. 11. Crafts of
the Acme Club, Oakland, for twenty
miles, paced by multicycles, on the Elm
hurst track, the afternoon of Washing
ton's birthday. He will also put on a"
two-mile handicap for professionals. En
try- blanks and full particulars can be had
from George Brouillet, 1303 Broadway,
Oakland. A good deal of interest Is al
ready evinced over the Edwards-Crafts
match, because of a long standing rivalry
existing between them, and the event will
be worth seeeing.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold hand
icap billiard and pool tournaments at the
club house, 441 Golden Gate evenue, com
mencing this evening. The following are
entrants for the billiard games: A. J.
Menne, J. M. Pike, Eugene de St. Ger
main. W. J. Caldwell, W. McDonald, J.
W. McGillvray and "Bob" Terrill. The
pool entries are: A. J. Menne, H. W
Welch, J. M. Pike, Arthur Terrill, George
P. Caldwell, John 1,. Davidson, A. W
King- Rhys, Fred Boeckman Jr., A. E.
Keliom. "Bob" Terrill and W. J. Cald
well. Many entrants are holding off un
til the last moment and will "cut In"
to-night.
W. E. Becker, the crack middle distance
racer, has gone to Portland on a visit.
Becker wanted $100 appearance money
before he would m^t John K. Edward's
In a 20-mile paced match on Washington's
birthday, and Manager Fawcett did not
think he was worth it.
Arthur C. Thornton, ex-captain of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen, is in the city
on a visit from his present place of resi
dence, Portland, and will stay oVf-r for
the Bay City party Wednesday night.
The Cycle Board of Trnde held a pro
tracted meeting at its offices in the Par
rott building Wednesday night, the sub
Ject of prices on sundries and repairs be
ing very thoroughly discussed. Nothing
definite was decided upon, but the matter
■will be brought up again at the next
meeting.
Four more games of the Cycle League
series will be played to-morrow. At the
Velodrome grounds the teams of the Bay
City Wheelmen and Endnal Cyclers of
Alameda will cross bats at 12 o'clock.
The Rf-liance and Turn Verein teams and
California^ and Olympic Wheelmen are
also on the earns. The former game will
probably be played at Centerville and
the latter at th<' Velodrome at 2 o'clock
The Olympic Cyclers and Acme Wheel
men will play off their disputed game at
the Velodrome grounds also, probably at
10 a. m.
Chairman Myrick has received a large
number of entries for the annual 2r>-milf»
road race of the C. a. < '. c. to tie held
over the San Dear.dro triangle on Wash
ington's birthday. The entry list closes
next Monday. A now system of check
ing Is to be inaugurated at the finish, and
all contestants, immediately after cross-
Ing the tape, will be required to report
to Henry F. Wynne, who will act as a
special checker to determine the posi
tions of the men in case ;here is any dis
pute about their finishing places.
11. W. SPALDIN'G.
GOOD TROUT FISHING
AT POINT REYES.
The anglers who left this city last Sat
urday evening on a ppecial train for Rus
sian River met with disappointment, as
the heavy rainfall discolored the water,
making trolling out of the question. The
river rose very rapidly and the steelhoads
did not tarry on tho way, as they were
behind time this season in reaching fa
vorite spawning beds.
Oil the return from Duncans Mills the
1 engine broke down at Tomales and this
I necessitated a halt of two hours. The
< engine, which was at Point Reyes wait
! ing the return of passengers, was dis
patched to Tomales and a flying trip
from that place to the Point was made
with the anglers who had caught more
water than fish on board.
It was 10 o'clock Sunday night when
• the sportsmen were landed in this city
'. rather disgusted, but still in the swim.
Charley Brecht gave an exhibition . of
i high diving to the people of Point Reyes
last Sunday, after which he proved to
doubtful Thomases that his clothes were
fireproof. Frank Dolliver assisted Brecht
' In affording the pleasure hunters amuse
ment on the return trip to this city. Al
Smith was referee of the tricks per
■ formed by the consumers of all-aged
| crow.
Fair Drivers at Horse Races the Latest Innovation— Fully Appreciated by the Sports of
Eastern Cities.
Some of the Pretty "Whips" May Be Induced to Come to This Coast.
It Is a noted fact that the ladies have
Invaded the domains of trade over which
tyrant man imagined that he held undis
puted sway, and we have lady barbers,
lady lawyers, lady doctors, ana even lady
policemen, but it has been left to the
State of Maine to Inaugurate a new de
parture In racing where heretofore man
has been monarch of all he surveyed, and
what is more, the venture has been found
eminently successful and profitable.
Ben True, who has just returned from
that section said that it was Colonel Mor
rill of Plttsfield who first conceived the
idea of having "lady jockeys," and he
with "Will" Hill, a wealthy railroad di
A letter from Point Reyes, which was
received yesterday, states that there are
large numbers of small fishes in the
creek and that good sport will be enjoyed
to-day. John Gallagher and John But
ler are located at the Point now, and that
means that visiting anglers who may run
short of salmon roe bait need not feel
alarmed, as the two Johns invariably go
well provided with "roll."
MANNED BY A FATHER AND FOUR SONS.
The Alameda Rowing Club can boast a barge crew consisting of father and four sons, which unique fact the annals
aquatic athletics will find hard to duplicate.
S. J. Pembroke, who has for the past few years acted as coach for the Alamedas, )g the originator of the crew. His'
sons have Imbibed his love for rowing and have developed into excellent oarsmen. James W., the eldest, early showed
cleverness and began chaffing his father with being behind the times and not good enough to row in fast company. Mr.
Pembroke, although nearing the fifty year mark, thought he would test the point. He entered the regatta held at Long
Bridge in 1595, and had as his opponents his son James, William McCausland of the Ariels and Coughlan of the Dolphins.
Although nearly thrown out of the boat at the start, he managed to come in a good third, defeating his son.
Arthur S. then tried to take the laurels from the "old man," but, like his brother, went down to defeat. This hap
pened in the championship regatta held in Sacramento In September of the same year. Mr. Pembroke won the race in the
remarkably fast time of 10:4S, which has stood as the record for outrigger skiffs to this day. After that there was no fur
ther boasting.
In a special race on the estuary he defeated Dr. Cecil Dennis, the present champion.
The excellent time made by the crew in practice spins has led Mr. Pembroke to issue a sweeping challenge to any
other crew similarly constituted.
The barge is manned as follows: S. J. Pembroke, stroke: James. W., age' 27, afterwaist; Arthur S., age 26, forward
waist; Herbert E.. aeo 20. bow. and Percy S.. ace 8. cockswain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
THE WEEK OF SPORT
BUSY TIMES
AMONG
ROWING CLUBS.
As the season draws near the various
boating clubs are gathering their racing
material together, and each Sunday the
water surrounding their boathouses is
alive with barges, shells and skiffs. That
this season will bo livelier than last is
beyond question.
LADIES HOLD THE RIBBONS.
rector and extensive horse owner of Ex
eter, Maine, have had four lady Jockeys,
or more correctly, drivers, and the innova
tion has created something of a sensation
in that State.
The young ladies are nil farmers' daugh
ters and have been brought up to handle
stock, and they can drive as well as the
most experienced horsemen.
In the State of Maine it Is the custom
to have county fairs at which "horse
trots," as races are there called, are
held, and these lady drivers go round the
circuit, talcing in the tracks at Rigby
(the only mile track In Maine), Dover,
Hartland. Pittsfleld and Exeter, the last
Captain Kennedy of the Dolphins
thinks that in his junior crew he has an
aggregation of rowers which will make
things lively in the coming races.
J. Bartman, T. J. Kennedy, A. H. Pape
and Tom Hopkins are rivals for the
Treadwell medal. The winner in the
event will be entered In the junior skiff
race In the first regatta.
A FAMILY OF CHAMPIONS.
Richard Blennerhassett, the club's dele
gate to the P. A. A., has resigned, and
popular Tom Hopkins has been elected
in his stead.
Patch is negotiating for a shell which
he hopes to own shortly.
The Ariel's senior crew will begin train
ing to-morrow. It will consist of R. Ellis,
stroke; W. Howe, after waist; James
O'Connell, forward waist, and Joe Han
nan, bow.
The club's Junior crew is composed of
members of the Eintracht Club, all of
whom have made names in athletic
work.
They are out every Sunday, and have
made an excellent showing against the
more experienced crews. The barge is
manned by W. Haustine, George Stef
fern, W. Oechsle and Charles Haas. J.
D. Bartaux is their coach.
four being half-mile tracks.
The races are hotly contested and the
ladies strain every nerve to win, and
when they came down the stretch at Ex
eter on September 2S the sight was in
deed thrilling.
It was a pacing race, and they drove in
bike sulkies with pneumatic tires and
the entries and riders were: Paul T, Miss
Woodcock; Merrill, Miss Maeder; Maud
Ellingwood, Miss Merrill, and Ervln M,
Miss Esther Prescott. Ervin M is a pac
ing stallion owned by Will Hill and has a
record of 2:19, and In this race, with Miss
Prescott driving, won In 2:21^. and she
drove the horse Just a half hour after
Daniel O'Connor and Frank Loth are
organizing another Junior to compete
with the Germans.
Frank Wilson made his first appearance
in the water last Sunday, and intends to
give his whole attention to the skiff
events.
The South Ends have opened the sea
son with many promising features which
point toward a successful year.
ATHLETIC SPORTS
AT THE
UNIVERSITIES.
The long stretch of fair weather this
winter has been a material factor in has
tening the opening of the spring athletic
season. At both seats of university learn
ing, Palo Alto and Berkeley, the students
are engaged in the preparatory work for
track and field. The advance made has
first seeing him, no uncommon feat, for
he is a vigorous animal and Miss Pres
cott is a slight maiden of 18. Her achieve
ment was all the more noticeable from
the fact that the best that Guy Ed
wards, the crack rid#r in Maine, could do
with the horse was 2:23V2- It was a very
pretty sight to see the four horses with
their attractive drivers coming neck and
neck, but Miss Prescott won with Ervin
M by a nose.
Colonel Morrill expressed his intention
to bring these lady drivers to ibis coast,
but they say that they do not fancy the
notoriety attached to such a course, they
not minding it as much when they are
near home among friends, for the friends
of these ladies are legion in Maine,.
been such that in another week, weather
conditions permitting, the active work
will be begun and contests both on the
diamond and on the cinder path will then
be in order.
With the chilling blanket of a 28—0 foot
ball score over their shoulders the Cali
fornia men are exerting every fibrous tis
sue in their bodies to redeem themselves
on another field. On the track they con
template the extermination of the germ
which worked such sad havoc last
Thanksgiving day. With a list of men
pledged to work faithfully throughout the
season and which in numbers and in qual
ity rivals that of former years, California
will strive to organize a winning team,
which may tour the Eastern States.
As far as track material is concerned
the blue and gold has a plethora of talent.
Already the men have been classified and
development along particular lines will
henceforth be the order of work. The
victorious team of last year has, to a
man, returned, and some notable addi
tions have been made. Drum, whose ex
ceptional performances last April earned
for him the reputation of the crack
sprinter pf the coast, will uphold the
honor of the blue and gold in at least
two of the sprints, which they will be has
not as yet been determined. Along with
Drum will be Woolsey, a young man with
much natural athletic ability.
Great acquisitions have been made to
the aggregation of distance men. Carroll
will lead the lists for the mile and half
mile. The hurdle jumpers are rather a
weak element in the team, but this weak
ness will be removed if concentrated ef
fort on the part of the trainers prove effi
cacious. There are a number of strong,
big men In the weight class. Besides the
three men with records of over 39 feet in
the shot-put, there is Woolsey, who tosses
the leaden weight over 40 feet. The high
and distance jumpers are already on the
field limbering and educating their mus
cles to their special kind of work.
The classified list of the track and field
athletes laboring under the blue and gold
standards is as follows: Sprinters — Car
penter, Broughton. Pierce, Dickie, Mc-
Nab, Haskin, Plgelow. Tracy, Woolsey,
Drum, Bayer, Bugbee, Hinz and Simonds.
Distance men— Smith, Miller, Tasheira,
Wise, Rasmussen, Turner, Burke, Dorety,
Grieve, Tolman. Allen, Hodgkin, Moser,
Scott, Carpenter, Peart, Bartlett, Carroll
and Blown.
Hurdlers— B. Bakewell, Miller, Crocker
Bretherick, Peck, Dawson, H. B. Bake
well.
Jumpers — Garrison, Pratt, Harley
Christensen, Parker and Goldsmith.
Walkers— Westerfeld, Walsh and Alt
ken.
Weightmen— Hooper, Delashmutt, Wool
sey.
Pole vault— Mumma, Hoffmann.
Cyclers— Squires and Childs.
This is an array the incompetents of
which will be weeded out as the season
progresses.
At Stanford the work of the track men
has not advanced to any such stage as at
California. Preliminary work in the
gymnasium and a marshaling of the ma
terial is the state in which track athletics
are now in at Palo Alto. McLeod, the
trainer for the cardinal, hopes to have
the men ready for actual work on the
track within a" few weeks.
But with baseball it is another matter.
Stanford is not losing a single moment
in the work on the diamond. Re-enforced
by graduate players who are coaching
the nine, much Improvement has been
made in the individual playing, as well
as the combined efforts in team play.
The paucity of good material has mili
tated against the formation of a strong
team at this early date. Loughead, who
has succeeded Jeffs in the captaincy of
the team, will play short. Lannigan and
Beckett will do the twirling and Strohn
the catching. The bases will be filled by
Young first, Harris second and Lalne
tßird. In the field at present are Klau
ber, Wight and Murphy.
The first game of the new league be
tween the college teams and the alumni
team, composed of graduated players
from both Stanford and California, will
be played this afternoon at Central Park.
Stanford will line up against the combi
nation nine. The alumni team is made
up as follows: McLaine, pitcher; Elston,
catcher; "Toby" Allen, first base; Shee
han, second base; McKee, third base;
Lewis, short stop: Harrelson, left field;
Calhoun, right field; Haliday, center
field.
Next Friday Garret Cochran, the fa
mous captain of Princeton's most famous
team, will arrive in Berkeley, and for
the entire year the athletic destinies of
California will be in his hands. His la
bors will at first be directed toward the
coaching of the baseball team. As soon
as he has the disciples of the stick well
under hand attention will be given to
the football men, drilling them in the pre
paratory work of the field and fitting
them for the actual season next fall.
AN OFF WEEK IN
BASKET BALL.
This was somewhat an "off week" in
basket ball tournaments, as the two
events were disappointments.
On Thursday night the Spartans came
across the bay and were defeated by the
Mission team in a close but unsatisfactory
game, which was slow and full of fum
bles and errors. The contestants did not
play their positions and even some of the
official rulings seemed to be doubtful. The
large audience would have appreciated a
better exhibition. The score at the end
of the first half was 4 to 3, in favor of
the Spartans, but the Missions succeeded
in making 2 points more in the last twenty
minutes, and they won the game with a
final score of 5 to 4.
The teams lined up as follows:
Spartans. Positions. Missions.
A. Cardwell Forward C. E. Taylor
W. Hambleton Forward G. T. Shaw Jr.
Otto Kurtz Forward G. R. MoCleod
Charles Zeihn Center D. J. Grant
W. F. Martin Guard W. Smith
E. T. Menzies Guard W. Lamont
Last night's game was given to the
Incognitos of Oakland by default. Their
opponents were to have been the Unions
of San Francisco, but this team has been
suspended by the section committee for
entering an unregistered player. Until
they comply with all the requirements of
the committee they cannot play any more
in the present tournament. The official
record of last night's game reads there
fore like this, Incognitos, 2—o.
Each side has now won four games, as
will be seen in the following table giv
ing the standing of the different teams
that had entered the tournament up to
date:
Per
Teams— Won. Lost. Cent.
Athena (Oakland) 2 0 1,000
Incogs (Oakland) 1 2 333
Spartans (Oakland) 1 2 333
Business Men (San Francisco). 2 0 1.000
Rushers (San Francisco) 1 0 1,000
Missions (San Francisco) 11 500
Lawyers (San Francisco) 0 1
Unions (San Francisco) 0 2
POOL TOURNAMENT.
TODD SLOAN HANDICAP.
This evening the famous Jockey Todd.
Sloan and his brother, "Cash." will show
champion pool players how to pocket the
ivory and incidentally capture the pot on
a good handicap. The following players
will meet in the billiard parlor at 8 Eddy
street at 8 o'clock and will contest in a
one-hundred game of 15-ball continuous
pool, viz: Todd Sloan, handicap, 75;
Cash, 75; J. Swain. 90: Billy George, 100;
E. E. Johnson, 100; Jim Burrows, 100.
Burrows, the . present champion, and
George will start the ball a rolling. Todd
Sloan says that i»e learned a trick or two
from the Prince of Wales in pool playing
which he intends to spring on Burrows—
that is, in case the champion will attempt
to pocket him.
HANDBALL TOSSERS
MEET TO-MORROW.
Phil Ryan of the San Francisco Hand
ball Court has announced the following
games which will be played to-morrow:
L. Waterman and E. McDonough vs. N.
J. Prendergast and D. J. Sheehan; E.
Barry and T. Foley vs. M. Joyce and J.
Kirby; M. Maguire and E. Curley vs. D.
Connelly and A. Pennoyer; I. Stelnhardt
and E. Lynch vs. N. Berger and J. R.
Bockman; J. White and E. Toy vs. R.
Miyphy and J. Collins; P. Ryan and D.
Rodgers vs. G. McDonald and M. Mc-
Neil; J. C. Kealon and R. Linehan vs. T.
F. Bonnet and A. Hampton.
, ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ror one ; reason ;
the neiTOUs system  - • ;. ' g .. ,
of women becomes OP flflfYfnPf*
impaired, and ou "' """^""i;
account of what ! Is • termed "female com- .
plaints," life becomes a burden. ' Many think'
tnat these pains and aches.that wear women's
life down with 'nervousness - and iso ; rapidly
age them . must be endured. v But tnls is
not true. Headaches, sleeplessness, lack
of '.energy, nervous prostration, despond-
ency, weariness, neuralgia, are all - dig-
si. ■ ft 4*l 9 '■■' pelled, and nervous,
If P. Ml IPS ailing women are re-
vi • ■ mnw ; stored to- health by
ff r ce k Restorative Nprvinp
address, '•'^■'/j ' ''" V ■■■ V
Pit, MltfiS MKDICAL QO.. iilihart, U<i.
'- ■■:. ■■■:■ ?'■:•■■■ ',:-■.; ..-■■T~'—. '" J "^- .■ ■
POISONED GRAIN
FOR THE
GEESE AND DUCKS
The long-expected heavy rain which ar
rived in Suisun to save the crops has put
an end to duck-shooting on the marshea.
but as it has done an immense amount of
good to the country sportsmen have been
as delighted with its arrival as the men
who depend solely upon a good wheat
crop to tide them through the season.
Latest advices from Stockton are to the
effect that the farmers who reside near
the river have been soaking their wheat
in poison, and as a consequence thou
sands of wild geese die on the fields.
The following letter to the sporting edU
tor from Stockton is self-explanatory:
"Wild geese are here in thousands, and
are remaining along the sloughs and riv
ers so long this year that they have be
come a dangerous pest. They are nipping
the young wheat to a great extent, and
the farmers are becoming so alarmed that
they are soaking wheat in strychnine and
throwing it over the fields. l)ead geeso
are lying around in profusion, but for
every one killed ten more seem to come."
The Sacramento Record-Union recently
published a very instructive article on
the danger of casting out poisoned wheat,
and there is no doubt that Game Warden
Helms will try his utmost to stop tha
practice if possible. The article in ques
tion reada:
It Is high time that something was done to
put a stup to the indiscriminate scattering
of poisoned grain for the purpose of killing
birds. If the poison was to be confined to
birds that remained in particular fields it
would not be so bad, for land owners might,
prohibit persons from invading their prop
erty and shooting game that had eaten pois
oned grain, or if anyone should trespass it
would be at his peril.
But the trouble is that birds are here to
day and somewhere else to-morrow. They may
eat poisoned grain In one end of the county
and be shot miles away, thus endangering tha
lives of those who eat them.
Game Warden Helms went out to a locality
about six miles south of Folsom to investigate.
a report that the ground was covered with
dead doves that had been poisoned. He found
about 2600 of these birds scattered about, all
dead, as reported.
Helms found that the poison had been put
out by a farmer named Daniel Faukenheim.
The latter, when called on, admitted that he
had put out wheat soaked in strychnine to kill
the birds that ate hts growing grain.
The facts were reported by Warden Helms
to District Attorney Ryan, and the latter
could find no law governing the case. There
is a clause in the law which prohibits the
killing or destruction of certain species of
birds, including doves, between specified dates.
In the case of doves, this protection begins on
the 13th of February, so that after that date
any one can be prosecuted and punished for
poisoning or otherwise killing doves.
Warden Helms subsequently conferred with
Morrison on the subject, and MY.
Morrison declared his intention of Introducing
an ordinance at the first meeting of the board
making it a punishable offense for any one to
put out poison where wild game Is liable to
get It.
Hunters in the vicinity of Stockton, and
especially market hunters, should be care
ful not to pick up any dead birds they
may find in the grain fields, otherwise
there may follow no end of trouble.
The season for killing wild ducks and
quail is drawing to a close, and, as the
hills are now in splendid condition for
nether limb exercise, doubtless large
numbers of the lovers of quail-shooting
will take advantage of the few weeks
that remain of an open season to bag a
few birds.
The Olympic Gun Club will give a first
class entertainment on Monday evening
at Native Sons' Hall. As there will not
be any seats reserved, pleasure-seekers
must go early. First-class talent has
been secured for this occasion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
will, build you right up from a
condition of lowest vitality to
strong, robust health. Contains -
. the highest percentage of nutri-
tive matter of select malt in liquid
form. Is a Non-Intoxicant. AH
Druggists.
VAL BLATZ BREWING 80.',
. MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Whoesale Dealers,
■\ ■ 416-418 sacran>*nto St. .
Wo will send you a f.78 (5) day trial
W UCUJj, treatment of li» French K»^ ed J !
m ; V 1V 1 c" m CALTH OS free. (»• *■'• O. D•> and
1 BE"!^ B • legal guarantee that Cai/thos will :
»=• C W gTOP DUchargeft and EmUolonm
■L^t. .hM CUaESpyrm«lorrhc»tJ.orleocae, i
Bl ' ICTII - * nd TOB£ Lo.t Vigor. *-* )
Prarr^imt It cost* yon nothing to try ■'■
| VonMohlCo. 44OBBoiM»'ri""*s t> - cl "' a " t '' a
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is -' a - powerful ■ r.ijhrou.siat: •- and apecillc tonic j
for the " sexual and urinary organs : of both \
sexes, and a ' great remedy for . diseases of tha >.
kidneys and \ bladder. ■■■. A.„ great .. Restorative, r . '
Invigorator -' and : Nervine. : ■■ • Sells •on Its owa v
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary."'
. .NABER. ALFS & BRVNK. Agents,.
223 Market Street, B. F.—CScnd lor Circular.).LOW WATER IN
HIGH RESERVOIRS
Engineer Schussler Tells His
Annual Story to the Super*
visors==Pumps and Pipe.
Spring Valley Asks for the Adoption of a
Schedule That Will Increase the Vast
Revenue of the Corporation.
The Supervisors yesterday listened \
to the old story told by Chief Engi- \
neer Schussler of the Spring Valley ;
Water Works. He spoke of tunnels !
projected, of pumping plants in pros- j
pect and presented items of proposed
improvement aggregating in expense I
$?00,000. Reinforced by Attorney Kel- j
logg and Secretary Pelham W. Ames,
the engineer advanced the notion that
the city ought to allow, in fixing the
water rates for the year, interest on
this i ontemplated outlay of nearly a
million dollars. A question or two
dropped in by Supervisor Britt indicat
• i the student of monopoly that |
• stress is to be laid on the employ- j
ment of labor to bore the tunnels and
erect the pumping works. The infer
ence is thrown out at the start that I
this labor will not be engaged if Spring j
» has to pay for it, but will be \
>yed for the advantage of the ;
water corporation if the city consents
the bills.
■n the Supervisors were called to
■ Mayor Phelan made a short ad
dress to the members. He mentioned
5 p-r cent as the rate of interest which i
i not be exceeded in calculating I
the income which the corporation |
should derive. The Mayor also re- j
marked that the company during the j
past year had issued new stock to the
value of $600,000 without the consent of
the Board of Supervisors. In conclu-
T h? Mayor said that the board was
-■;J by its own acts and by a party
t to aliow more than 5 per
cent interest on the capital of the com
■ ■>'■
n of Supervisor Rottanzi the
board went into committee of the whole |
with Supervisor Clinton in the chair.
Dr. Clinton spoke of having visited
many large eicies during his recent ab
sence. He had given some attention to
the subject of water supply and the
thereof. He was convinced that
the people of San Francisco were pay
ing 50 per cent more for water than
was paid by the people of any other
large city. The public looked to the
Board of Supervisors for justice and
relief.
Supervisor Rottanzi suggested that
there should be an investigation re
lating to the recent issue of 7000 shares
of stock by the Spring Valley corpora
tion.
Supervisor Britt desired a report
from the Water Committee on a com
munication from the company recent
ly submitted to the board.
Dr. Clinton promised that a report
would be presented to the next regular
meeting of the board.
Herman SchussJer. chief engineer of
the water company, was called to en
lighten the board on various topics.
The ceremony of administering the
oath to Mr. Schussler was not solemn- j
ly impressive. Responding to a quick
f questions, he remarked that the
1 10 shares of stock were issued to pro
* .de money to improve Lake Merced
and other sources of water supply.
Some of the money was used to re
model the" city system of pipes and
Borne of it went into the new building
at the corner of Geary and Stockton
streets.
Supervisor Dodge remarked: "It is
now time for Mr. Schussler to advance
reasons, if he can, why the water rates
should be increased. I thought last
year that the rate to householders
would not give the reduction promised.
Six months' experience has taught me j
that the reduction is insignificant."
Supervisor Britt fancied that Mr.
Dodge was taking up the time of the
board in speechmaking when the mem
bers were particularly desirous of hear- j
Ing from Mr. Schussler.
The report cf the company showing
the receipts from all sources was read.
Mr. Schussler — The city is constantly
growing, and the quantity of water
supplied is ever increasing, so there
may be a great reduction in rates, and
still the receipts will show as large as
ever.
Supervisor Dodge contended that
there was still an unexplained discrep
ancy in the figures.
Attorney Kellogg asked the engineer
what was the estimated increase of
current expenses for this year.
Mr. Schussler replied that $70,000 foT
pumping was one item. "We are now
erecting two large pumping stations.
There was great waste of water last
year. These two pumping works, to
gether with the others mentioned, will
cost a large sum of money to operate." i
Responding to Mr. Kellogg, the en- j
gineer said the contemplated expend!- !
ture in construction account this year
would be fully $900,000. "The last year
•was the most wasteful we ever had."
a Reference was made by Supervisor
to Mr. Schussler's former esti
mates of the capacity of Crystal Springs
reservoir and his assurance that It
contained water to tide over two dry
seasons. In the light of the supply al
ready acquired the Supervisor wanted i
to know why so much money was need
ed for further development.
Mr. Schussler replied that he was
very proud of the reservoir, as it would
save the city from a calamity this year.
Supervisor Dodge wanted to know
why $900,000 was necessary before we
had a dry season.
Mr. Schussler Baid the company must
be ready for any emergency. He could
not tell yet whether more rain would
fall. "In 1887-88 we averted a calamity
by the use of the Alameda Creek sup
ply. Had we neglected to reinforce the
system then, we would not now have i
fourteen thousand million gallons in
Crystal Springs Reservoir."
The engineer explained that the ex- .
tra cost of pumping was caused by the
waste of people who inhabit the higher
levels.
Supervisor Dodge observed that the
engineer last year advocated a free use
of water or its use in large quantities.
He regretted that the city should be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 STOVE POLISH. I
■ v Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor ||
Saving. 5 and 10 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. 1^
«I J. L. PRESCOTT A CO.. NEW YORK. E&>
called upon to expend nearly a million
dollars to increase the supply.
Mr. Schussler — The city expert? The
company expends it.
Mr. Dodge — The city pays for it.
Mr. Schussler— Only the interest.
Dr. Rottanzl — We should not pay in
terest on old and worn-out material,
when you put in new pipe.
Mr. Schussler — A fair allowance
should be made for new pipe, especially
when the fire department demands new
and large mains.
Mr. Ewald sought to ask a few ques
tions about the Sunnyside district, and
the chances' of getting water there, but
the board put a stop to the interroga
tories.
Mr. Dodge — Would we not save time
by getting the company to file a state
ment of what it desires?
Mr. Kellogg said that Mr. Ames
would give all the data demanded.
Supervisor Britt — Mr. Schussler,
should the board reduce your rate,
where would you curtail expenses?
Mr. Schussler — In pumping. In order
to keep the reservoirs full of water we
must keep on pumping. We h.ive 507
men employed. We expect to have
1060 men employed sixty days hence.
We pay $2 a day, but demand constant
work.
Mr. Britt — In the event of a reduc
tion, would you be obliged to discharge
these men or limit their labor?
Mr. Schussler — We would have to
largely curtail the quantity of water
used and keep down expenses.
Mr. Clinton — You would deem it a
duty, in the event of a reduction, to
keep up the supply as far as possible.
Mr. Schussler — I have fully stated to
our people that we are here to supply
water for domestic uses and fire pur
poses.
Mr. Clinton asked if, in the event of a
reduction, the company would still in
sist on paying its stockholders 6 per
cent, and the engineer replied that 6
per cent would be paid if possible. "If
we cut interest down to 5 per cent we
would not get more than $S0 for a
share of our stock." ,
Dr. Clinton and. Mr. Schussler ex
changed views as to the gilt-edged
character of Spring Valley securities.
The engineer paid a tribute to the busi
ness sagacity of the Spring Valley
board.
Supervisor Dodge recalled the calam
ities threatened last year when a re
duction of rates was suggested. The
dire calamities and the discharge of
workmen did not follow.
Pelham W. Ames, the secretary of
the corporation, was next sworn. He
was asked to explain items concerning
the receipts of money by the company.
11" pointed out that the amount re
ceived from shipping which was not
scheduled in former reports was placed
in this year's report, because the meth
od of supplying the ships had been
changed. The privilege was formerly
| sold to Goodall, Perkins & Co. for $1600
a month. Now the water company
! deals directly with the ships. The
| revenue received last year from this
source was $41,000.
Mr. Ames was ready to go right along
with the explanations, but the Super
visors preferred to adjourn the hearing
until S o'clock in the evening, so an
] adjournmeit was taken until that
time.
The Supervisors convened shortly
'. after 8 o'clock with Dr. Clinton in the
chair. The first witness called was F.
! B. Howard, accountant of the Spring
I Valley Water Works. After some
! questions this statement was Rroduced
'. as an estimate of the amount of money
■ that the company would require for
j the year 1888:
Maintenance J 460,000
Interest 4S.OM
Coupons 498,500
Taxes , 105.000
Dividends 536.500
Total $1, 942.000
An inquiry was directed to ascertain
why the company did not place all its
obligations in bonds paying 4 per cent
interest.
Attorney Kellogg said that the ques
tion of consolidating the bonds would
come up when the first bonds matured.
In response to a question, Mr. How
ard gave the income from rent of the
new building at $2200 a month.
George E. Booker, chief clerk of the
Spring Valley Water Works, gratified
Supervisor Dodge by replying to sev
eral interrogatories respecting the in
come of the corporation under the first
section of the existing ordinance relat
ing to water rates. He promised to pro
duce figures desired.
Supervisor Dodge, in giving expres
sion to his delight over the ready and
responsive answers of the chief clerk,
said:
"We fought for weeks last year to
get this information-. We could not tell
whether the reduction to householders
was $141,000, the highest calculation, or
$34,000, the lowest. Now that Mr. Book
er says he can give us the information
as to the amounts received under each
classification, we can proceed intelli
gently." I
There was considerable time lost in 1
framing the request for Information,
but finally it was put in this form:
'That Mr. Booker at the next meeting
of the board give the number of houses
in each classification of section 1 in
1896 and 1897."
Under the classification the company
collects $40,000 a month or $480,000 a
year. In the class householders are
represented.
Mr. Booker could not give the num
ber of bath tubs, but was obliged to
admit that he must have made some
calculation when he figured last year
that a certain reduction would follow.
The witness said: "I must have
guessed at it."
Dr. Clinton — Isn't that a loose way of
conducting a public trust?
Mr. Booker said the company could
not tell how much was coliected in
each section.
The information was elicited from
Mr. Booker that there were 44,600
dwelling houses and 18,720 places of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 189 S.
business that paid money for water.
There are 6000 meters. The amount of
money received on fixed charges was
$87,515 a month. He said: "We have
8000 more consumers than we had in
1890, yet our income has but slightly
increased."
Mr. Dodge— How much of a reduc
tion did the order we adopted last
year make?
Mr. Booker figured the reduction at
$6000 a month.
Chief Engineer Schussler was called
again to state more in detail what im
provements were in prospect and why
the expenditure of so much money was
now demanded. He remarked that the
supply in the upper lakes — Pilarcltos
and San Andreas — was running low.
These reservoirs must be replenished
by water pumped from Crystal Springs
or the Western Addition would have
no water.
Mr. Schussler spoke of the constantly
increasing supply which the growth of
the Western Addition demanded. It
was remarked also that the people of
that section of the city wasted a great
deal of water.
Among the items of new expenses
were 5280,000 for a pipe line from San
Andreas and $200,000 for city pipe ex
tension. A contract had been let for
new pumping works at Milbrae.
Attorney Kellogg asked Mr. Booker
how much the existing schedule was
short of the requirements for the year
IS9S, and the latter replied that the
amount the company would receive, in
cluding the rent of the new building,
would be $90,000 less than the estimated
requirement of $1,942,0000. The attor
ney then said to the Supervisors: "We
now ask that the rates be increased so
that our revenue shall be $90,000 more
than the existing schedale provides."
Replying to Supervisor Delany, Mr.
Booker said the schedule of 1895 would
yield the sum required.
As the board was about to adjourn
Dr. Clinton asked if the Mayor desired
to ask any questions.
Mayor Phelan simply remarked that
the case was. proved last year.
The board then adjourned until 10
a. m. Monday.
VIEWS OF THE BOARD.
Some Members Are Decided,
Some Are Waiting.
Mayor Phelan— There are two ques
tions which should be carefully con
sidered.
Is not 5 per cent a fair rate of inter
est on stock? Are operating expenses
and cost of permanent improvements
wisely and economically made for the
purpose of supplying the city with
water? These answered, a rate should
be fixed that would yield not more than
5 per cent, on the stock actually issued
for legitimate and necessary purposes.
Five per cent is a rate of interest
considered to-day full and fair for this
class of securities, and no one can
seriously dispute it.
Supervisor Morton — Under no circum
stance will I vote for an increase of
the rate. The question of a scarcity of
rain or a limited supply of water in
the company's reservoirs cuts no figure
•in this case. That is a matter effecting
the company itself, and not one that
the people of this city should be made
to make good for the benefit of either
the company or its stockholders. Under
existing circumstances, and until I
have something more to guide me, I
.am disposed to let last year's rate
stand. I consider the stockholders en
titled to at least 5 per cent interest on
the stock.
Supervisor Dodge — I intend to live up
to the pledge taken when I accepted
the nomination for the office which I
now have the honor of occupying. I
stand now as I did one year ago when
this same question was before us. I
will, however, hear what the company
has to say on the matter before I de
cide on my vote in the committee and
in the board.
Supervisor Rivers — I will be entirely
guided by the testimony and the facts
adduced before the board during this
investigation, and will vote accord
ingly. Corporations have rights as
well as the people, and it is our duty
to deal fairly between the two in fix
ing the rates.
Supervisor Sheehan— l intend to live
up to the pledge taken, and I will be
governed a good deal by the represen
tations offered before us during this in
quiry. I consider last year's rates fair
in the then existingconditions. Whether
there is any change since that time
that would cause me to think other
wise now remains to be developed dur
ing this investigation.
Supervisor Delany — I will deal fairly
with all parties concerned and will be
in a better condition to Judge of the
matter when the inquiry is concluded
and when the company has had an op
portunity to be heard.
Supervisor Haskins — I decline to ex
press an opinion on this question now.
In other words, 1 prefer not to be in
terviewed.
Supervisor Lackmann— Last year's
rates fixed a 5 per cent rate. I am in
favor of a reduction. The rates are too
high, more particularly on the small
householders, consequently I will favor
a greater reduction, and so vote.
Supervisor Devany— l will he entirely
guided by the testimony and the con
ditions as they are presented before us.
It would be too soon to ask me how I
should act on this matter until I hear
the question fully.
Supervisor Britt— l will be governed
by the circumstances and condition of
affairs as they are presented before
me. I am inclined to favor last year's
rates as being fair and equitable to
the people and to the water company.
Supervisor Rottanzi— l will favor the
same rates as I did last year. These
I considered then, and do still, as being
the only ones that this board should
have adopted. Had it done so greater
satisfaction would have resulted all
round. I see no reason to change my
mind on this subject.
Supervisor Smith— Being absent his
views could not be obtained.
Supervisor Clinton— l have no reason
to change my mind from the position
I took last year on this question. To
me the people come first and the cor
porations next. I agree with those that
favor giving- the stockholders a fair
percentage on the capital invested. I
think it would be unjust to crowd them,
so to speak, to the wall, simply be
cause they are stockholders. If the
water company makes such a shoeing
as will justify me in voting for a reduc
tion from the present rates, why I will
only too cheerfully vote in that way.
But, I will certainly not vote to in
crease the rates; they are, to my mind,
too high as it is. In the meantime the
company will be given an opportunity
to represent its side of the question be
fore the rates ar# fixed.
FOR A NEW HOSPITAL.
The Mission Will Rally 'i'o-Night
to Support the Project.
The committee appointed at the pre
liminary meeting last week of the resi
dents of the Mission for a mass meeting
this evening of representative taxpayers
have received the most flattering en
couragement that the gathering will be a
decided success.
The committee on arrangements has so
far announced the names of the following
speakers: Supervisors C. A. Clinton, Rot
tanzi and Dodge; Messrs. George L. Cen
ter, Joseph Leggett, Jantes H. Barry,
James Denman, Judge F. W. Van Rey
negom, Captain George Raabe, E! P. E.
Troy and A. P. Van Duzer. The place
of meeting. Mangel's Hall, on Folsom and
Twenty-fourth streets, has been kindly
offered by its owner free of cost. At this
meeting the "whirlwind gulch" deal will
be laid bare and it will be made manifest
that there is no necessity for saddling
the people with a burden of $400,000 for
the purchase of a piece of land for a col
lection of wild animals that would re
quire an untold sum of money to main
tain the year round.
FRENCH SOCIETIES AT WAR.
Editor Marque Attacks the Two Bergerots and
Dr. Bazet in Several Caustic Letters
in Flmparcial.
There is a great deal of excitement in the ranks of two of the principal
French social and benevolent societies of this city owing to the fact that
there is a great contest for control of the French Hospital and French
matters in general. These societies are La Ligue d'Henri IV and the
Alliance.
K. Marque, an aged editor, has long been amusing himself by writing
some such letters against three prominent Frenchmen as were common in
this country in the days of the American revolution. His epistles ap
pear each week in a paper called L'lmparcial, and the general tenor of
the accusations is that three men, whose names each begin with the let
ter B, are trying to rule or ruin matters that pertain to the welfare of
the French in this city.
His attacks are directed toward Attorney P. Alexandre Bergerot, his
father and Dr. Louis Bazet, of the French Hospital.
The accusation Is that a local society called La Ligue d'Henri IV is
conducted in the interest of the three men whose names begin with B, and
that the purpose of the whole organization is to make Bergerot Jr., who
is a lawyer, a sort of local political boss. There are allegations that Dr.
Bazet is an old fogy, opposed to American physicians, and that he Is an
ally of Bergerot Jr.
Although the old and well-known French league of this city has
never taken part in politics heretofore, it is being drawn into this fight
for self-protection. Its membership consists largely of prominent business
men, who are not willing to see all power slip from their hands into that
of the ambitious Bergerot and his society, which is only three years old
and whose membership consists almost entirely of the proletariat.
FRIDAY NIGHT AND
THIRTEEN ACTORS
Harry Corsen Clarke Defies
Superstition and Scores
Success.
"What Happened to Jones" a Farce
of Much Merit— The New Com
pany Admirable.
Last night Harry Corson Clarke
twinkled as a star at the head of a little
company that is all his own, reopened
the Columbia Theater with George H.
Broadhurst's farce, "What Happened to
Jones," and went the original Frawley
company one better in daredevil defiance
of the superstitions. Mr. Clarke not only
had precisely thirteen persons in his com
pany including his stellar self, but he
opened on a Frrday. I am glad to say
that Mr. Clarke's recklessness brought
him no apparent misfortune. The worst
that happened was an embarrassingly
long "stage waif in the opening of the
fir"! act, which left Mr. J. B. Polk alone
on the stage and at his wits end for
what seemed to be several moments. A
deathly whisper from the wings broke
the BUence: "For God's sake say
something!" And Mr Polk, with a ter
rible patness, repeated several times one
of his earlier lines: "I cannot work I
cannot work." However, the big audi
ence was enthusiastically friendly and
justly made this one of the hits of the
""Everything was a hit with that audi
ence; everybody then- seemed to be a
personal friend of the new star; after the
first and dullest act of the farce he was
made to blush by curtain call after cur
tain call and wild demands for a speech,
and at least twenty bunches of sweet vio
lets that were pelted lovingly over the
lights. But Mr. Clarke behaved with dig
nity and tact, and I am glad to chronicle
that he did not make a speech. No mat
ter what happens to "Jones ' and the new
star on account of that thirteen-Frtday
combination it can never be laid up
against Mr. Clarke tßat he started out to
soar-starrtly with a speech at the end of
the first act.
I am not a devout believer in the evil
of Fridayy and thirteens myself, and far
and beyond the friendly audience that
boomed everything last night I think the
symptoms of real success were discerni
ble in the piece, the star and the com
pany. Mr. Clarke is not always a fortu
nate comic, actor. Ho has mannerisms that
are not entirely lovable and that are built
to last a lifetime, and during his associa
tion with the Frawley company he was en
couraged in playing fussy old gentle
men who poked people in the ribs and
pranced around on rather song-ancl-dan
cey legs, all the time displaying a broad
smile with superb dental appointments
until I grew to regard him as a positive
bore. But as the irrepressible Jones in
Mr. Broadhurst's farce Mr. Clarke is
seen in proper person; and as the part
calls for none of the subtleties of farce
acting, but rather for a bustling Ameri
can temperament— which Mr. Clarke has
in profusion— and a certain oft-hand di
rectness of delivery, he is able to play
it In very fair proportion of its full value.
The piece deals In the good old farcical
device of the wrong man in the wrong
clothes with several clever complications,
good construction and common sense
lines that do not detract from the situa
tions by extraneous gagging. Old Ebe
nezer Goodly, a professor of anatomy, ia
induced, in the Interests of his science,
to attend a prize-fight. You see him start
off, accompanied by the young chap who
is to marry one of his daughters; and you
see him come home, torn and soiled, for
the fight was raided and he escaped by
climbing down a water pipe. Then enters
the hustling Jones, who has also been to
the fight, has battered a policeman, and
now demands shelter in the Goodly
household. He has left a coattail in the
clutch of the law by which he fears iden
tification.
So he disguises himself in the costume
of the Bishop of Ballarat, who is ex
pected any day to arrive at the Goodlys,
kisses all the bishop's nieces, nearly
breaks the heart of the old maid, to
whom the Bishop is secr«tly engaged, and
fall 3in love with old Ebenezer's ward.
The thick of the complication comes, of
course, when the real Bishop arrives on
the scene, and In turn this situation is
countercomplicated by the introduction
of an escaped lunatic who is mistaken for
the Bishop.
To be sure the plausibility of all this
hangs on the mere fact that Ebenezer
does not tell his family about the identity
of Jones because he fears to answer for
his own share in the prize-fight— but you
do not look for too much plausibility in
farce.
The ortly glaring fault In the piece is
that the first act is not lively enough. It
was very dull last night, but this was
partly due to the nervousness of the
company. Tn a leisurely way the otheu
acts are funny all the time, and the
thread of the story is seldom lost sight
of even for a minute. The whole farce,
while extravagant to a degree, is con
structed with a certain legitimacy that is
not common in the lighter American
pieces.
Mr. Clark Has chosen his company with
admirable care and judgment. With the
possible exception of one or two of the
subsidiary feminine parts the entire cast
seems to be fitted by players of special
ized ability. Miss Affle Warner is de
lightfully ingenuous and real a« the
Goodlys' ward; J. B. Polk, a little easier
than he was last night, is just the man
for Ebenezer; Charles Charters plays the
young man of the piece with a jolly
swing; and John Allison does farce-acting
of the very first quality In the part of the
genuine Bishop. Every farce nowadays
seems to have its character servant
There is a wonderful Swedish girl in
"What Happened to Jones," and I will
wager that Maude Allison makes a rec
ord in the part. She was an emohatic
hit last night. ASHTON STEVENS
ELECTED NEW OFFICERS.
The San Francisco Yacht Club Held
Its Annual Meeting Last Night.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club was held at the Mer
chants' Exchange last evening. Reports
of the officers in charge of the club last
year were read, and they showed that
the organization was in a very prosperous
condition. After transacting a great deal
of routine business the officers were
elected as follows: Commodore. Dr.
Thomas S. Hill; vice-commodore, G. T. S
White; fleet captain. Dr. A. W. McKen
zie; secretary, Charles B. Hill; treasurer,
Robert B. Hogue; measurer, J. M. Pur
nett. The newly elected officers w?re
made the directors for the coming year.
THE AMERICAN
WATERLOO
The Bloody Battle of Gettysburg
Fought Over Again at
the Fair.
Lincoln Day to Be Observed With
Special and Appropriate
Ceremonies.
To many at the Mining Fair last night
the chief feature was undoubtedly the
musical programme, and it was accept
ably rendered by Bennett's band under
the direction of W. B. Rogers. It con
tained seven numbers, and the first after
the intermission was the grand fantasie
of the Battle of Gettysburg.
This particular elaboration of a familiar
theme is by Cappa, the late director of
the New York Seventh Regiment Band.
As a development where those accesso
ries of war tones have been properly util
ized it is certainly a master composition.
Thoroughly extensive in its range, yet
not too wide In Its scope, it embraces
twenty-three phases, beginning with the
army bivouac and culminating in the na
tional anthem, "The Star Spangled Ban
ner." The chorus and musketry firing
were very effective.
As for Rogers' conception and discretion
of the fantasie, the piece illustrates how
near realism band effects may be brought
where the director is capable and actu
ated by a love for his art.
The Martels were again another feature
with their bicycle riding, and they gave
a smooth and enjoyable performance.
The management made each lady who
visited the fair happy by presenting her
with a cup and saucer. Over 2000 of* these
dainty souvenirs were given away yes
terday.
To-day being Lincoln day an elaborate
programme has been prepared to com
memoi^ite the birthday of the President.
In addition to the 500 school children from
the Horace Mann, Mission Grammar,
Hamilton and Burnett schools, the mem
bers of the California branch of the Lin
coln Monument League will participate
in the exercises. In the evening the G.
A. R. veterans will render a speciab pro
gramme.
The musical programme for this even
ing is as follows:
Overture, "Ruy Bias" Mendelssohn
Selection, "Rlenzi" Wagner
Intermezzo. "Aprez le Bal" Czibulka
Seartet from "Lucia" Donizetti
Scenes frum "Carmen" Bizet
Grand American Fantasie Herbert
Solo for cornet W. B. Rogers
"Invitation a la Valse" Web.T
Paraphrase, ' 'Ix>relel' ' N'esvadba
Torchlight Dance "No. 4" Meyerbeer
March, "Bride Elect" Sousa
Saved From Death.
LIFE WAS EBBING AWAY WHILE
IN THE MOUNTAINS.
A Woman Was Rescued When in a Peril
ous Plight— Novel Method
Used to Save Her.
From the Press, Ottumwa, lowa.
Miss Lola Noble of 416 East " Maine
street, Ottumwa lowa, daughter of Mr.
E." M. Noble, the sairt manufacturer, has
accomplished a work which will not only
benefit her, but undoubtedly be of ser
vice to many others. It was a praise
worthy undertaking; one which she may
feel proud of fend amply repaid for her in
defatigable efforts. ■ ■
A reporter of, the Press, hearine of her
successful achievement, sought an inter
view with her. ' .. ■■•■••■ ',
Miss Noble seemed cheerful, hopeful
and in the best of health. . Apparently
she had not suffered any ill effects from
her efforts which were reported to have
done much good. '
About two years ago she accompanied
her parents to the West, and resided
among the mountains for several months.
This was done in the hopes that her health
might be improved, as she was suffering
from anaemia. Instead of the change of
climate benefiting her, she rapidly be
came worse and ncr parents hastily re
turned East with her.
Reputable physicians were, summoned
and exercised their skill, but it was of
no avail. Her condition became worse
and her face assumed a ghost-like ap
pearance. She was wasting away for
want of blood, and what little she did
have was watery and in a depraved
state. Any slight exertion caused ex
cessive " fatigue, and palpitation of the
heart. She had no appetite and the dain
tiest viands did not tempt her. Her condi
tion was deplorable ■ and death seemed
nigh. Many of her friends thought she
was going into consumption.
Finally some friends . advised her to
try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People, prepared by the Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N.Y., as
t^ey contained in a : condensed form all
the elements necessary to give new life
and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. •• •-.■■■
They had learned . of cases similar to
hers which had been cured. The pills,
they said, were inexpensive, 1 only costing
50 cents a box or six. boxes for $2 50, and
could be had at any druggist's.
" ' Miss : Noble was reluctant to try them,
for it seemed ; as If all possible remedies
had been tried .and V.*e expense had been
considerable," without being, benefited. Her
friends were so enthusiastic regarding the
good qualities •of ; the pills, ■ that she fin
ally decided to try a box. and purchased
one from E. M. B. Scott's drug store,
v A decided improvement was noticeable
after the pills had been taken and she
purchased some ■more. * / The change in
her condition ; was so great -.that : after
taking four boxes of the remedy, she con
sidered herself, well, and stopped taxing
the medicine. ! But her severe sickness
could not «be ■ cured > so soon and .- she ; was
obliged to "commence taking the pills
again. > After using a few more [boxes
all traces of her fearful disease had: dis
appeared." To-day ; she is the picture of
health, her complexion being that :of an
Ideally healthy young lady, and she is as
active as in her younger days.
Her father was so much impressed with
the marvelous improvement wrought in
the health of his daughter through the
merits of Dr. - ; Williams',:- Pink < Pills that
he too, is using them and is ranidly re
gaining his failing health. •
Several have hoard of Miss Noble's. case
and experience with these wonderful. pills
and; are using them with : satisfactory re-
Mr. E. :M. B. Scott, 'who Is one of > Ot
tumwa's prominent druggists, can testify
to ' the wonderful improvement Jin the
health- of i Miss; Noble. He Is having a
large sale of these health restorers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Woman's Nerves. -d&
Mrs. Platt Talks About Hysteria. "» • r^w\
Whet a nerve or a set of nerves supplying V-^pP s^L^"~\
any organ in the body with its due nutri- _/?^/T /
ment grows weak, that organ languishes, [~ / I I \V
When the nerves become exhausted and / / ~/{ I I i\.\ I j\
die, so to speak, the organ falls into de- V I /I V 1 1
cay. What is to be done? The answer is, >c^~ '^ i /I \ vv — — /
do not allow the weakness to progress; 'Hi \\ // 1 Jm^c^~^j
stop the deteriorating process at once ! lffi« \\ / /j[jyWwjST~ A)
•Do you experience fits of depression, alter- ej^b\yjr^^»^^k \
nating with restlessness? Are your spirits \^Bf;f^\\ <^
easily affected, so that one moment you laugh laMßy (// p
and the next fall into convulsive weeping ? ||9b _ °
Again, do you feel something like a ball rising Egaa I|||)
in your throat and threatening •to choke you, Wfljjl II *
all the senses perverted, morbidly sensitive to 1 H \ V ?
light and sound, pain in ovarj'', , and pain es- in \//- 1
pecially between the shoulders, sometimes loss ■ |
of voice and nervous dyspepsia? .If so, you are Ml \
hysterical, your uterine nerves are at fault. J^ 5.7 *\
You must do something. to restore their tone. < -
Nothing is .better for the purpose than Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Com*
pound; it will work a cure. If you do not understand your symptoms, write. to
- :,", . ,' •. -«ip^_ ■, Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., and she will give you houept,
' f^^^^^^K 1 ex^^rt advice, free of charge. -».
I^Pl^^^^^L A^ Mbs. Levj F. Pi.att, Womleysburg, Pa., had
jt^S^!|^®*c?i|Rfcjn^ a terrible experience with the illness we have
W^Ml *****> £$Mtip^m just described, iiere is her own description of
t\vsL, A^J fl^W " I thought I could not be so benefited by any'
&$$&!&&£• **^^988 thing and keep it to myself. I had hysteria
■SB flPflMp'V '"JS^Es (caused by womb trouble) in its worst form. I
M^Sfe^^^'^^^^fflß^lfly was awfully nervous, low-spirited and melan-
*^^^^^^^^^^^^^P^>S choly, and everything imaginable. /*
" The moment I was alone I would cry from
jBR' MP BfPSßm®. : hour to hour ; I did not care whether I lived
4WW BllEF^wliW/ or died - I told m - v husband ;I ; believed Lydia
""^/Wftul lsSlii)l^^i ! i'SM^' E " Pinkham ' s Vegetable Compound would do
# Vv^'li'Hi/ljjj Hi- » '«' 'i ' me good. I took it and am now well and
■' '.-'•• strong, and getting stouter. I have more
color in my face than I have had for a year and a half. Please accept my
thanks. ,\ hope all who read this and who suffer from nervousness of this
kind will do as I have done and be cured." . • . :
fv^S^Q SANITARIUM
\ 1 MSMsis&l^^ No KNIFE or Pain.
•£/ N0 PAY until cured
FREE with home tes-
KBBB|^Evfc^*'M timonials and exact
JjfßWsTt^fjS^^ adeireisfs of h v n-
cured of large
Jfl I Cancers, some S. 10
U T^R Jp M land 12 lbs, in alcohol.
*MB& -^ I have positively cur-
ed over 000 Cancers in California in 8 yrs; 25JTS 1
experience. Any lump in the breast Is Cancer: .
they always poison from breast to arm-pit and
lip to throat. If large it is then too late.
S. R.CHAM LEY, M. 0., 0FF1CE. 719 MARKET ST., S. F.
• SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
ALL Kcrvous lHxr<t*e*— Falling Mem-
ory, Impotence, Sleeplessness, •to., onosed
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions. Tliey quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or Tonntt. and
fit a man fnvstudy, business or marriage.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
mo. Thoir shows iromed'ato fniproTe-
nent and effects a ODBB when* all ether fall In-
sist upon having tho genuine Aj.-.i Tablets. Thoj
hove cared thousands and wlilcaroron. V'o sirs a pos-
itive written guarantee to effact a euro (Jf| pTQ lc
each or refund the money. I rice UV V I Wip«r
PQckatP; or six pkgss (fall treatment) for £2.60. li;
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of rrico. < ircul
* 0 - AX RBWf^'rfV- j :91> "- w --
For pale in San Francisco by L<»lpnltz & Co.,
150- Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, .953 Mkt.
aajJiiJjuilJHlfe-1
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- M
Colored Spots, Aeh<v*. Old Sores. Ulcers m
In Mouth, Hair-Fallin?? Write COOK REM- ■
EDY CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital 3
m toOO,OOO. Worst cases cured In 15 to 36 days, n
100-pag-e book free. cured lv 16 to 36 days, m
lOtWpage book free. ■
** J .<^£ti??S!>s''w-H Bi » <* is a non -poisons
<'y^K :^-""^ Ml %/^3 mm for l,onorrtiu-a.
>fdger»jnaEftr^jS fleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/ftSRJT in 1 toSdij-g.ia Whites, unnatural dls-
fftfijff Oaarantccd w rliargop, or any inil.imm:i-
HIS»H not to itricture. , tioD, irritation or ulcera-
i_* PfBT;gts contagion. tirin of uco v a mem-
gg»"WTHEEvANS CHEMinii.Ro.' francs. Non-astringmt.
W^ICINCINNATI.O E^4l SCld by »>"lj:j7i»?'».
«?BK^ c. S. j. >« or Bent in plain wrapper,
;«* *cSs*sl!»s^^^*£sS py exprefis, prepaid, for
V^ft«s|r^ f! f lM '-'r T '"' bot * lee ' —"'■
; -'*''sj£jy-^* v U Oircuirir e°nt on r<>ou<><<t
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HpgaamfrMil CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
l^^ffl^P I SAN FRANCISCO
Linn i;Trii.i— .1 I CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at f:3o'p.:m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlngr-Room Sleepers,
314 ■ days to Chicago, 4^ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.,' carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast - time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street j
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. "Telephone Main
IE2O. -' Oakland office, ; 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento of nee, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. .* . : ;•:
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
} : . VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1&)7, . trains will run a*
follows: ■;. ;■_ _ ' ' ' . -
"7. Southbound.'-. ' . . ,-J , Northbound.
Passen- Mixed <,t lnn« Mixed ' Passes-
:, ger t "Sunday :^ tatlons - Sunday ! * srer
Daily. i Exc'p'td ; -: Exc'p'td Dally.;;. j
7:20 a.m." 9:00 a.m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m. j
'-9:10 a.m. 12:30 p.m. -Merced 12:50 p.m. 1 3:53 p.m. '
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno ?■ J:3oa.m. f - 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. i 6:20 p.m. Hanford , . :45 a.m. ■ 1:15 p.m.;
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Vlsall.a; 6:40 a.m.' 12:4(1 p.m. !
: Stopping: at intermediate pointso ints when required I
" Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. .: Co., leaving' San Francisco c and
Stockton . at : 6 p. m. daily; • at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs. Coultervllle, etc. ;
also with stage for Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.;
at linkers!) im with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From % San Francisco, Commencing ' September
19;_1897.
WEEK DATS. -
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— *9:30,
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, -»5:15, 6:00,6 :30 p. m.
Extra trips : for -San - Rafael . on '"• Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ■ -■■:..-■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •S.-00, »10.00,
•11:30 a. m. ; *1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. '
..:■■■-, 'TH ROUGH TRAINS. - . :
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays - (mixed " train) ■■ for
Duncan -Mills and -way stations; 8:0u a. .m.
-.; Sundays lor . Point . Reyes : and \\'ay stations. -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
■; ' ''■■-•■ (Via : Sausalito Ferry). "'
Leave San • Francisco, < commencing ■ Novem-
b er 13, :ti97:^mm^sgßsJKMtmKJg3mKSaSßSSßKm
1 Week Days — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p. m. '
I Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a."- m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round • trip ; from , Mill Valley, - *1.
U THOS. ', COOK : & ': SON, ; Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco. ■■" .",-■■ • -,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOlTKi:it\ I'A«'IFIC COMPAST.
(PACIFIC BJtMJUL) , -
Trnlna !<■»««< m<l mi <!••«• to nrrlr« at
. SAX .ritANCIMW. ■
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
■ :—: — — —^—^—^— — — — —^— -.^— — —
leave — From January 1. 1898. — abbtti
"•6:00a Jfilcs, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7iO«a KerJcia. Suisun «nd Sacramento ... 10:43 a
7sOOa Marysvilie, OroTille and Redding via
Woodland S:4sp
7iO*a Vacaville and Rnmsey - 8:45 f
Ti^Oa Martinez, San llatnon. Vallejo. Napa,
CaU«toga and Santa Rosa.... 6:13r
SrOOA Atlantic Kxprcss, Ogdcu and Mast.. 8:43p
t»>:i»A Nile.-i. San .lose, Stockton, !■■..■,
* Sacramento, Mnrysviile, Chico,
TehamaandßudlUiiiT *»••*
*Mi3oa Peters, Miltim ami Oakdale '7:lSp
9H>Oa New Orleans Kxnrem, Merced. Ray- *
mond, J''rcsiio, llaltcrsllelil, Santa
lJiirlm.ni, l.os Aiiuuluk, Domini;,
El l'aso, New Orleans and Kast. Ox€ilp
9:00 a Vallejo, Martinez. Meroed and
Fre5n0....... >........ 18j13p
•I:OOp Sncramcnto 1 liver Stminers "!»:«Op
1 :OOp Niks, San Jose and Way Stations.. JO; 1 3
1 :3 Or Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
tsOOp Livprmore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia •••.. 4515.-
liiTerstore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations $1©«1!*\
4 jOOp Marlines, Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Calistnga, 101 Vorono and
Sun Rosa. »il» 4
4:O«r Bfnlcia, Vacavilio, Woodland,
Knights Loading, niarjsvillc, Oin-
; »1110 -Aiidharrninento... .' 1O:4I>A
4:SOp Nlles, San .Togo, Tracy and Stockton .. 7»15p
4:301' Latinop, Modesto, Merced, Bcrenda,
, l'Vcuno, Mcjavo (for Randsburg). r-'-C :J :
Santa ISarbaraand J,o» Angeles. , 7:45 a
4:»»p Santa F«» Itcnte, Atluntii: Kxpreas •
for Mojrto uiiil Kant 6:43p
«*s:3Op " Sunsot Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little lcock. St.
- • Louis, Chicago and Kast §I0:13a
•irS:Bvp " Sonnet Limit,. d Annex," El Paso,
New Orl^cs and East §IO:I3a
6:O«»r Ktirulioaii Mull, Ugilo.i Kant C:4s\
: G:»M»f HiiyiviinlM, Kilnmiil Kan .10ne...... 7:45 a
:«:««!• Vftllojo.. ...:........ t7:43p
6:lM*i> Orugon Kx|irras,hlucraiiientn, !Mury»-
tiric, Uclili-iL', 'Portland, l'ii«ot
.5...,.i.l rin.l I last 8:I»A
SAN UUSMUI A.M» lIAItYAItOS LOCAL.
•/ - (Foot of Market Street.)
1*6:0011 r ~ ~ 7 7sTh7
8:00 a Mcl rose. Seminary Park, t*»:-a^A
9:OOa I ' •.„.•,,- KlmliurHt, \'u,r,l
lO.OOa YUehbnrg, Elmliursr, 11:13^
tll:OO\ San I.eandro, South San lZ**Lr
■^ I.candro^Kta.imo, $$&
"iSrOOp Lorenzo, Clierry -j «4:43p
4:OOp . t3:45p
B:OOp a:l(1 Oil.>
5:30p I Hsywar<!«. ~ A S' V
7:00p I " t***t
8:00p i-Rnun through to Niles. .U : a?, p
9:00p 1 FroiaKii - nigs;
ttll:13p; "">"*""-»• m'-i:00y
COAST I«VI>!O.N (.Narrow «ani;c). - ~
••■"•. (Foot of Market Street.)
M:1-1a Notviirk,Cuiilui'«ill<;,Hnii.lobo,l'>Uoii,
llouldcr</rcck,Sunta Cruz and Way
Stations... ••»•»)■■
•*i»sr Newark, OentcrTille, Han ,li»e. New
Aintmlrn, l''ellon, J'ouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz mid Principal Way
Stations ...«1«i504
4tl."H- Newark, Bui .loan and Los Gatos ... 9:90*
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, • San Jose and
Way Stations .. }?;20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS raiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 . 9:CO- 11 :00a.m. '41:00 *2:00 • t3:00
•; »4:00 .;.. ,45:00'., '6:00 p.m.
OHUND— of Bro?iw»j.— "C:00 8:00 10:'X)a.m[.
• tl2:00 . •1:00 ■ t3:00 ■ ' 3:00 t4:00 . '3:O0l-.M.
' COAST lIIVIMOA (liroad (iaugre).
(Third and Towngcnd Sts.)
'6iSsa San Joso and Way Stations (New
Altnndcn Wednesdays 0n1j). ...;.. «:58a
9:0* * San Jobo, Tits J'incis, Siinta Crux,
Pacilic (iiovc, l'aso llohlcs, 'Sail
: liiilß <)l>i(inn. Gnadalupe, Surf imd
Principal Wny Slnllniis 4:15p
1O:4Oa .lose nnd Wny Stations:........ «8:«i0a
1I:3Oa San Joso nnd Way Stations StB3A
*2:30r San Matei), Redwood, Mcnlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilruy.
Hollistcr, : Santa Cruz, ■ Salinas,
Monterey ami l'ncilic t. rove . ... *I«:4«A
•8:1 San. lose and Principal Way SUltotis »9:0« a
•4llSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:43.\
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 :30p
S:3or San .lose anil Principal Way Stations . S:3op
6:»0i- San Jose mid Wny .Stations.. ... 7:2«P
1ll:43p San .lose ami Way Stations ?:2»r
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
* Snndnrs excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
■tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday uights only.
•j Mondays and Thursdays. ..'-'• v,.v-: •■:
g I Wrdii«-«lajc and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ox niarket St.
' SAN. FKANCISCO ill SAN RAFAEL. . '.;■
WEEK DAYS— :3O, 9:00, 11 :00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra ■ trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. S&aEpSpßfewa
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 p.' m. - - •
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a.m.: 1:40, S:4O,
6:00. 6:25 p. m. . '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park .
same schedule as above. ' '
■■;■".•:•. Leave '. -.-. T _ _«.„. Arrive *.
' San Francisco. octT I San Francl9Cr) -
Week 1, Sun-- TiPHt^tinn Sun- i Week •
Days. I days." Destination days . ' da . _
7:3()a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato, ; 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. '9:3ua.m.| Petaluma. | :10p.m. 10:2aa.ra.
6:10 p.m. s:oUp.m. Santa Hos;i. ! 7:bop.m.i ii:'J3p.tiL
.'■■-;->■ .■•■■■•- ~~~ Fulton, - ; '
7:80 a.m. . Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
■ Healdaburg 1 ,
. Lytton.
. Goysorville., ! .
3:30 p.m. R:ooa.m. Clorerdale. ■ ' 7:35 p.m. <i:r?p.nl
v . I - , 1 Hopland and)
7:3t>a.m. IS -00a.m. 1 Ukiah. {.7:85 p.m. 6 :23 p.m.
7:<Joa.m. j > '■ ~~ , " ~. |10:25 a.m.
• 8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:85 p.m. j
S:Sop.m. ■■/ •■■■--■ ■ -■■ I 6:22 p.m.
7 :<)oa.m. S :ooa.m. Sonoma ! 10:40 a.m. j 8:40 a.m.
':■■:•■■ '■:■■ ■ >'■•- ■ ..- .'"•:•■■• and ■ , : ■ -
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. -Glen Ellen. 1 6:10 p.m.! 6:22 p.m.
7 ":30 a.m. ]8:00 a.m.) o / , aitr.n/ii - 110:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
B:Sop.m.is:oop.m.| - | 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at' Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for -
Highland Springs. ' Kelseyville, : Soda . Bay, ■
Lakeport ; and ; Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy' Springs,"' Saratoga' Springs, Blue Lakes, :
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper. Lake. Porno, Potters
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
null's. I Sanhedrin Heights, ' Hullville, Boonvllle. ■
Orr's i Hot ■ Springs, .--• Mendoclno City. Fort -
Bragg, Westport, Usal. = ■ •-■ ■ ' :' ' ' ;_-r; _-
r Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ••-•:• '
On Sundays round-trip •tickets to all points -
beyond San • Rafael at : half • rates. . -
- Ticket Offices— Market ; street,' Chronicle
bl A^W -FOSTER. ■■■-../> H. X. RTAN, -
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t. \<.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver weaker again.
Wheat firmer. Barley steady.
Oata and Rye unchanged. Corn advanced.
Hay softer. Ffedstuffs unchanged.
Beans firm at previous prices.
Some changes In Rice.
Coal quieter and less excited.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter the same. Eggs lower and very
Poultry unchanged. Game still higher.
Oranges and Lemons dull. Limes lower.
Fine Red Apples firm.
Dried Fruits the same.
Provisions featureless.
Salted Hides advanced. Wool and Hops un
changed.
Hogs getting firmer again.
No Grain market to-< Jay.
TO-DAY A GRAIN HOLIDAY.
To-day being Lincoln's birthday the Eastern
Grain exchanges will be closed and there will
be no quotations from those sources in conse
quence. The Snn Francisco Produce Exchange
will not be in session.
EXPORTS OF RREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port for the first
seven months of the current cereal year were
483,232 barrels, against 737.300 barrels for the
same time last year. Reducing this Flour to a
Whent basis and adding it to the exported
Wheat gives total Wheat exports for this
period of 9 356 000 ctls. valued at JJ4. 017,000,
against 11,109,000 ctls at J14.065.000 last year.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ores at ttation indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; ls"therms. or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flrft appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "hlKh" in the vicinity of
Id«ho. and the pressure falling to tho Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In rummer and colder weather in winter The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 11. 6 p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last |
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kurekn 0.32 21.57 32.53
Red Bluff 0.02 9.24 18.85
Pacrarr.ento 0.00 0.54 13.32
Ban Francisco 0.00 5.55 16.70
Fresno 0.00 i 5.23 $.08
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 3.SS 15.23
Los Angeles 0.00 4.11 11.42
San Diego O.<X) 3.3S 7.9«
Yuma 0.00 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
M; minimum, 47; mean, 50.
An area of low pressure overlies Washington
and Vancouver Island. An area or high pres
sure 1b central over Utah. Wyoming and South
ern Idaho. During the past twenty-four hours
there has been a fall of about three-tenths of
an Inch in Northern Washington.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary 1 over the Pacific Slope.
Rain is falling over Washington, Oregon and
the extreme northern portion of California.
The following maximum wind velocities an
reported: Fort Canby, 6S miles per hour from
the southeast; Portland, 26 miles, south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Feb. 12. 1S98:
Northern California— Rain Saturday in cen
tral and northern portions; cloudy and unset
tled elsewhere; southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday; south
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday, with showers In
northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday; probably rain Satur
day nlpht.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Satur
day; westerly, changing to southeasterly,
winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais—
Cloudy; wind, northwest. 6 miles: temperature
£3; maximum temperature. 54.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— There was proflt
taklng on quita a heavy scale Jn stocks to
day, said to be for the account of. one of tba
principal bull operators. The interval of two
days before trading will be resumed on the
exchange was the motive for closing up ac
counts, as is always the case on the eve of a
double holiday. The sharp advances In some
Btockß at the opening afforded most favorable
opportunity for realizing profits. The spring
rise was largely influenced by the higher quo
tations for Americans sent from Loniion, and
was also helped by the marked strength «1
one or two specialties, notably Metropolitan
Street Railway and People's Gas, the latter on
the published report of the company's finances.
London bought here on a considerable scule
and helped to strain prices to some extent.
The offerings were not well absorbed and sup
port was largely withdrawn. The weakness
of stocks averaged the putting out of short
lines. The coverings of some of these before
the close brought ttiein to a. level materially
above the low point, but the break still left
net losses as a general rule. There were some
striking movements of stocks In special cases.
Metropolitan Street Railway continued its re
markable advance, rising at one time 6 points
and closing 2 points below the highest. Third
avenue was up at one time 6't points OD tlie
announcement of the acquisition of a large
connecting system. The stock, however, re
acted 3 points before the close. Some of the
notable recent advances were due to the ru
mored pendency of pluns for the distribution
of the aurplus reserves to the credit ol some
of the gilt-edged properties. The prevailing
abundance of money Is said to make the case
of these surpluß funds increasingly burden
some. Such a property is Pullman, which ad
vanced an additional puint to-day, but re
acted 2 points in the closing dealings. Adams
Express was ex-dividend of 2 per cent to-day
and ex-100 per cent in bonds to be exchanged
for stocks of the company. The closing bid
yesterday on the stock was IS7. and to-day's
closing was 100 bid and 140 asked. The day's
dealings In bonds continued on a remarkably
large scale, single lots of par value from $50,
000 up to 1150,000 changing hands frequently.
The par value of sales for the day of Atch
lson adjustment 4's alone was $120,000. Some
of the speculative bonds reacted quite sharply
In sympathy with stocks, but the general
tendency was upward. There has been a
strong tendency to reaction in the stock mar
ket at times during the week, principally due
to apprehensions regarding the Cuban ques
tion. Early in the week the market was sold
aggressively by houses with Washington con
nections, and this was interpreted as being In
duced by a belief that affairs with Spain were
reaching a critical stage. The critical out
come of the incident was accepted In Wall
street, induced large covering of short con
tracts by these same Washington sellers and
the market rallied strongly on Thursday, but
this rise was attributed by come persons to
manipulation.
. The resumption of realizing which followfl
to-day's advance gave color to this supposi
tion. The market seemed to be IB the hnn<i3
of giants In speculation, " and they retired to
offer their holdings on a declining market so
long as It Is capable of being checKvl by sup
port. That the market is heavily over-bought
for great speculative accounts looke.i to be ul
timately sold for profits is generally believed.
That the general public has not tnas tnr been
Induced to come into the market and nbp<yb
these long lines in any volume Is Indicate] by
the disregard of current news manifested >y
the market. The .enormous demand .or all
grade." of dividend and interest paying securi
ties not already advanced to prohibitive figures
shews. the large amount m money-.«oektn* In
vent ment. and affords great material support
to the more purely speculative department of
the market. The plethoric condition of the
money market* and the cheapness of rates
tend to lesser, the return on investment se
curities also by raising the price. Increases
In railroad earnings and promises of added
profits by consolidations arid iefutidinga are
discount-:'! in proportionate rises in the price*
soon after being announced. The buying of
stocks on the New York Exchange for London
account has been heavy during the week, the
demand for Americans having been quite active
at London and other foreign centers. Besides
the record transactions there are reports of
very heavy blocks of securities having passed
t< the hands of European holders at nrlvaU.
sales from thj hands of reorganization i>t>r
ests. In vi°v.- of this absorbtlon it Amen< a - i
securities abroad the upward tendency of the
f-r«lgn exchange market during the week Is
soT-'vhm contradictory. But the easier rates
for money here were attended by a stiffening
of discount rates abroad, and this has natu
rally induced ! the .withholding of exchange
In order to draw the high interest rate abroad.
Dealings in the bond department of the market
has continued on an unprecedented scale during
the week. The speculative Issues have moved
at times In sympathy with the reaction In
stocks, but prices are materially higher all
around.
United States fours registered and the old:
fours registered are % lower bid, ani the fives
*t higher bid on the week.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 358.500 shares.
Including: Atchlson preferred. 12.799: C. & O.
5635; Erie preferred. 4270: Lake Shore, 6272;
L & N'.. 19,011; Manhattan, 22 030; Metropoli
tan. 32.565; Hawaiian Comnvreial Co., 3151;
New York Central. 25,270; Northern Pacific.
6K25: do preferred. 4920: Rock Island. 8.N03; St.
Paul. 12.535: St. Paul & Omaha, 5230: South
ern preferred, 9198; Union Pacific 9674; To
bacco, 22.540; Chicago Great Western, 3115;
People's Gas. 14,940: Consolidated Gas. 6537:
General Electric, 5550: Sugar, 11,536; Rubber,
4040; do preferred, 6027.
To-morrow being Lincoln's birthday all ex
changes here will be closed.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% l St Paul Va%
Do pref 31% Do pref 145
Bait & Ohio 17% St P & Om 78%
Canada Pacific .. 87^! Do pref 14S
Canada South 55% So Pacific 20
Cent Pacific 14 So Railway 9%
Ches <* Ohio 23% Do pref 32
Chi & Alton 164 Tex & Pac 12%
Chi B & Q 102% Union Pac 34
Chi & E 111 65% U P D & G 82%
C C C & St L.... 36% Wabash 7%
Do pref 80 Do pref 1S 5
Del & Hudson.... 112% Wheel & L E.... 2%
Del L & XV.. ...... 156% Do pref 12%
Den &R G 13% Express Companies-
Do pref 62 V Adams Ex 100
Erie (new) 15 V American Ex 123
Do Ist pref .... 42" i United States ... 42
Ft. Wayne 170 Wells Fargo 116
Gt Nor pref 154 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Valley.. 17% A Cot Oil 20%
Illinois Cent 105% Do pref 175%
Lake Erie & W.. 17% Amn Spirits 8%
Do pref 75 .Do pref 20%
Lake Shore 191% Am Tobacco 91%
Louis & Nash.... 59% Do pref 117
Manhattan L . .. 11C\ ' People's Gas 97%
Met St Rv 165% Cons Gas 190%
Mich Cent 113 i Com Cab C 0...... ISS
Minn & St L 26% Col F & 1r0n.... 23%
Do Ist pref 88 I Do pref 70 .
Mo Pacific 33 V Gen Electric 38
Mobile & 0hi0... 31% Illinois Steel .... 52%
Ho X & T 13% Laclede Gas 44%
Do pref 35% Lead 34%
Chi Ind & L 9% | Do ■ ref 108%
Do nref 32 \ Nat Lin Oil 17%
N J Central 95% ! Or Imp Co IS
N V Central 118 Pacific Mail .... 31 i,
N V Chi & St L. 14 V Pullman Pal IS7
Do Ist pref .... 74 Silver Cert 66%
Do 2d pref .... 37 Stand R & T.... 4%
Nor West 16% ', Sugar 139
No Amer Co 5% ; Do pref 112*
No Pacific 27 TC & Iron 25%
Do pref 66% I U S Leather...... 7%
Ontario & W 17% Do pref i",:.~.
Or R & Nay..... 51% U S Rubber 19%
Or Short Line... 24% Do pref 71%
Pittsburg 169% West Union 92
Reading 21V<?hgo & N W 123%
Do Ist pref .... 51% Do Dref 173
Rock Island 92 jSt L & S W 4
6t Louis & S F.. 7% Do pref 9%
Do Ist nref 57 V R G W 24
Do 2d pref 27 ; Do pref 60".
St PM & M 136 Chi Gt Wstrn.... 13%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 4s new reg... 128% N J C 5s 114%
Do coup 12S>- N Carolina 65.... 125
i U S 4s 113' j Do is 103
Do coup 114' ]No Pac lsts 119%
Do Ids 1' 1 Do 3s 63%
D S 5s reg 11 J Do 4s 97%
Do os c0up..... 113% N V C & St L 4s. 109
District 3.65s 11S% Nor & \V 6s 125
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 107 i Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 O Nay 15t5........ 115
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 96%
Atchleon 4s 93% O B Line 6s tr. «12.".
Do adj 4s ... 64 OS Line 5s tr... 100
Can So 2ds 110 O Imp lsts tr.... 112%
; Chgo Term 86% i Do Gs tr 62%
C & Ohio 5s 117 I Pacific 6s of 95... 104
C II & D 443.... 104% Reading 4s 86%
D & R G lsts.... 110% ROW lsts 84%
D & R G 4s 95 S L & I M C 55.. 94%
East Term lsts.. 107 IS L & S F G 65.. 119%
Erie Gen 4s 74% S P Con 142%
F W * D lsts tr. 74 St P C & P lsts.. 12a
Gen Elec 5s 100% Do 6s 116%
GH& S A 65.... 103 So Ry 5s 94%
Do 2ds 105 Stan R & T 65.. 67%
| H & T C 5s 109% Term new set 3a. 90
Do Con 6s 106 T PL G lsts.... 101%
I lowa C lsts 101 Do rg 2ds 33%
Kan P Con tr.... 115 Union Pac lsts... 127'
X Pac Ist D tr.. 125% U P D & G lsts.. 51%
iLa new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist 5s 109%
i L & N Uni 45.... 90% i Do 2ds 52%
! Missouri 6s 100 iW Shore 4s 110
I M X & T 2d5.... 63% Va Centuries ...^ 71%
Do 4s 90 i Do deferred .... 4%
N V Cent lsts.... 117% I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar -34 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point IS Ophlr 25
Con Cal & Va... >7S Plymouth OS
Deadwood 90 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 25: Do pref 250
Hale & Norcra... 1 40 Sierra Nevada 85
Homestake 40 00 1 Standard 150
Iron Silver ; 40! Union Con • 34
Mexican 30 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Feb. 11— Atchison. 13%; Bell Tele
phone, 269; Burlington, 102%; Mexican Central,
6%; Oregon Short Line. 24%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. U.— The Evening Post's
London flcanclal cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet, but generally good
to-day, the features being a sharp rise, de
spite dearer money. The buying was good
and significant. Americans were active, al
though the dealings were professional. The
close was under the best. It Is noticed that
however good New York prices are there is a
tendency to sell from there. Argentines and
Brazil stocks were good, as also were Italians
and Turks, on better tone in Paris. Mines were
lifeless. There is some reason for doubt as to
whether the Chinese loan negotiations have
been finally suspended, although nothing in
that line is expected at present. There is a
probability of a further issue of Japanese In
ternal bonds here soon, similar to the opera
tion of last year. The Grand Trunk state
ment, showing that the entire deficit had been
wiped out and that a balance of £1,000,000 re
niiilned. exceeded the most sanguine expecta
tions.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Feb. U.— FLOUR— Receipts, 19,
770; exports, 18,546. Quiet. but firmly held,
particularly on low-grade winters, which are
scarce. City mill patents, $5 60®G 90; city mill
clears. $6 40iQ)i 60; Minnesota patents. $5 10®
5 40; Minnesota bakers', $4 25(5« 50; winter pat
ents, $4 Su@6 25; winter straights,, $4 Gs<?js 6a;
winter extras, $3 60®4; winter low grades
$2 90-33.
WHEAT — Receipts. 70,300; exports, 64.555.
Spot, .firm; No. 2 red. $104^. Options opened
strong at 7H®loc advance on higher Liverpool
cables. After a subsequent irregular advance
on foreign buying they finally yielded a little
under realizing and closed unsettled but fairly
firm at S^fec net advance. The reported
Lelter export sales had a restraining effect on
scalpers, who were somewhat bearish. No. 2
red closed at $1 02Vi ; May, BSWfiW 15-16 c; closed
11' it'S— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
MKTALS— The market for metals In the gen
eral way showed a rather better temper. The
New York Metal Exchange makes the closing
as follows:
PlGlßON— Warrants very quiet at $6 50 bid
and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Strong and higher at $1120
bid and $11 25 asked.
TlN— Steady; $13 95@14.
SPELTER— Firm; $4 07V4 bid and $4 15 asked.
LEAD— Very firm; $3 75 bid and $3 80 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling prices for
miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 bo.
COFFEE — Options opened stady at un
changed prices to 5 points lower, ruled In
active and featureless and cloFed steady at
net unchanged prices. Sales, 17,750 bags, in
cluding: March. $5 60@5 68. Spot coffee — Rio,
quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 6V4C; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c;
mild, steady; Cordova. TUOlfHc
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal, »6 test, 4 3-lfic; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. IL— California Dried
Fruits: Apples, steady; others quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@7\c;
prime wire tray, BV4c; wood-dried, prime, BHo*
choice, S^c; fancy, 9@9y«c.
PHl'NES— 3<gßc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 6®7Hc; Moorpark, 9®llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6®9c; peeled. U®2oo.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11— There was a big demand
for wheat right from the start.
May. which closed yesterday at 96% c, opened
to-day at 97V2@97%c. There was considerable
selling by interests who have been putting
wheat on the market for some time past, but
the demand was so great that the price ad
vanced steadily, not stopping until 9Sc had
been reached. There were two big factors in
the advance— Letter shipments abroad and
the Liverpool strength. The former was given
the most attention. It was stated on the floor
and not denied by the Leiter interests that ar
rangements are being made for the . ship
ment of 4,000,000 bushels of wheat to the sea
board. Contracts have already been let for
2,000,000 bushels of this, it is said, and the
moving away of so much cash wheat has had
a marked effect on shorts. Liverpool was very
strong, early cables showing %d advance, and
later advices showed that market l@l>4d up.
Private cables said the strength was on con
sumptive demand and light supply. Liverpool
has received but 272, 000 bushels in six days, not
much over a third of the weekly consumptive
demand. Argentine shipments for the week
were 712,000 bushels, much less than generally
expected. After advancing to 98c, the market
eased off somewhat. There was a let-up in the
urgent demand with the usual selling by peo
ple who have been playing for a break and
May reacted to 97% c. Then for an hour the
price moved between 97% c and hSc, most of the
time being at about 97%e. After that the
market again become active and very strong.
Late cablegrams brought liberal buying orders
to the seaboard and about an hour from the
close here it was stated that seventy boat loads
had been taken for export. A considerable por
tion was from Philadelphia and Baltimore.
Three steamers chartered were supposed to be
for Lelter's grain. Closing cables were all
firm a.id higher. The announcement of the
export business gave a touch of genuine excite
ment to the market, sending shorts to cover
in a hurry and the price was sent up to 98% c,
the top figure of the day. Then the market
quieted down. May was bringing 97%@97%c
at the close.
There was a greatly Increased speculative
trade in corn and the market was very strong.
Nearly all the big bulls "doubled up" on their
lines and the price went above 30c after a hard
fight. Commission houses Bold freely, but
everything was taken. The strength in wheat
and the unfavorable weather were influences.
A good export demand was reported. May
ranged from 30% c to 29% c, and closed %c
higher at 30^30%c.
Oats strong and prices got to the highest
point of the crop. May closed %@%c, other
at 25%@26c.
There was a strong market for provisions
with trade as a whole unimportant, closing
steady. The strength of the grain markets ana
moderate stocks were influences. May pork
closed 7%c higher; May lard 2%c higher, and
May ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. —
February / 100
May 97% $8% 97% 97%
July.... 86 86% 85% 85%
Corn, No. 2—
February 25% 25% 25% 25%
May 29% 30% 28% 30%
July 31 31% 31 31%
Oats, No. 2—
May 25% 26 25% 26
July 23% 23% • 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 62% 10 75 10 60 10 70
July 10 65 10 75 10 65 10 72%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 10 6 12% 6 05 810
July 5 17% 5 20 5 15 6 20
Short Riba, per 100 lbs—
May 6 17% 5 20 6 15 6 20
July. 5 22% 525 620 625
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
strong; winter patents, $4 So@4 90; straits, $4 30
©4 60; spring specials, $5 35<!.(T> 45; spring pat
ents, $4 *>ofo4 60; bakers, $3 5053 90; No. 2 spring
Wheat, 92@93c; No. 3 spring Wheat. 91@93c;
No. 3 red, 9S%@sl 00; No. 2 Corn. 28%@'2S%e;
No.- 2 Oats, 25% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 26%@
27% c: No. 2 Rye, 4S%c: No. 2 Barley, t. o. b.,
3»@42c: No. 1 Flaxseed, $123%: Prime Timothy
Seed. $2 80; Mess Pork, per barrel, $10 60@10 65;
Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 02%; Short Ribs Sides,
loose, *5@S 35; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed.
4%@6c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 30@5 40;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
11 is%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. ■
Flour, barrels 12,000 15.000
Wheat, bushels 44.000 10,000
Corn, bushels 477,000 156.000
Oats, bushels 301,000 273.000
Rye, bushels 9.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 23,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13«r19c; dairies,
11017 c. Cheese, quiet: B<gßV4c. Eggs, steady;
12Vi@13c. .
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 235.290 45,820
, Dulath 35.573 ......
Milwaukee 32.000 3.000
Chicago :....;..'.. „....
Toledo 23.630 4.000
St. Louis 9,000 7,000
Detroit 12,763
Kansas City
Totals 348,313 19.520
Tidewater — ;.".}.
Boston 13.614
New York 70.300 C 4.588
Philadelphia 5.128 1.363
Baltimore 61,721 18.687
New Orleans ....'..
Totals 150,763 84,606
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.
Opening ■ 62 20 59 35
Closing ' .....
Flour-
Opening 29 08 27 65
Closing
LIVERPOOL. WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 10^4 7 5%. 7 2Mi 67H
Closing ....7 11 7 6% 7 2Ms 6 7%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11— CATTLE— There was a
fair demand for cattle and prices were gen
erally unchanged." Choice fat cattle were
scarce and sales were mostly well under $5.
Sales were at an extreme range of $3 85@5 50.
the bulk of the cattle bringing $4 35@5 10, with
fair sales at J5 15@5 30. Prime cattle con
tinued to sell at the highest prices paid in a
long time, while inferior and medium 'grades
sold very unsatisfactorily. Good feeders were
much sought after, sales being mostly at $4<B>
4 30, with one lot at $4 77VJ. A few prime bulls
sold for $4 10. and prime calves brought {4 75®
7 00. ■ . ■ :-.-..
HOGS— sales of hogs were at steady
prices, but the market a little later became
firm. The bulk of the hogs crossed the scalps
at $3 So<s4, the extreme range for the poorest
to the beet being $3 80@4 05. The late market
was dull and lower.
SHEEP— Prices for sheep and lambs ruled
weak, particularly ■ for heavy grades. Lambs
sold slowly at $4 75@5 65. Western predominat
ing and bringing $5 2r.<§s 65. Yearlings brought
$4 fiO's 5, ■ and sheep were salable at $3 25@5 60,
rams selling at $3 25fj'3 50 and ewes at $3 50®
4 30. Heavy export sheep were salable . around
H 30, and fed Western sheep sold at $3 SO®
4 16. . .
Receipts— 3000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
6000.
DENVER. ; , .
DENVER, Feb. 11.— CATTLE— 650;
market steady. Beef steers. $3@4 25; cows, S3
©3 70; stockers. $3 SOU? 4 50; feeders, $3 40<g>4 20;
bulls, stags, etc.. $2<fp3. •
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market strong ■ and
steady. Light." packers, $3 70@3 75; mixed, $3 65
©3 70; heavy, $3 6(Vg3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Market steady. Mut
tons, $3 50@4 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 11.-^CATTLE-Recelpts,
official, 4000 natives, 200 Southerns. Stockers and
feeders active; cows and heifers strong; Tex
ans and Indian strong to 10 higher. General
market steady. . Choice grades strong. Texas
steers, $3 9ffa'4 40; Western steers. $3 SOQ>4 50;
Western cows, $2 Eo@4 15; native steers, $3 75
©5 06; exports, $!i(£is 35; native cows and heif
ere, $2 25(5)4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 254t>
4 95; bulls. $2 SOU* 25. , •
HOGS— Receipts, official. 15,500. Market
opened quiet and steady; closed easy, some 5c
lower. Hulk of sale*, $3 70@3 90: heavies, J3 75
<3>4: packers, $3 77%©S 97H: mixed. $3750393
light. $3 70(23 80; yorkers, $3 70@3 80; pige, $3 40
©3 65. ■ ■ ■
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 1200. Market ac
tive. Western fed muttons, $3 75@4 40; West
ern lambs, $4 £o£is 50. .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. Consols, 113%; Silver, 26d;
French Rentes, 103f 75c.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. Wheat, strong; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 38s 3d; cargoes off
coast, nothing. doing; cargoes on passage, buy
ers and sellers apart; English country markets,
firm; French country markets, V steady; Liver
pool Wheat, No. 1 California, 8s ld@Bs l^d;
Wheat In Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSE.. ■
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring,
strong. Ss ll^d. . .
CORN— February, steady, 3s 4d; March "
steady, 3s 2%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 11.— Exporters got
their . figures up :to 74% c for j Walla Walla
; wheat to-day, although there was no scram
ble for business at that figure. At the same
time the mills were reported to be paying from
He to lc more, with s Blue ; Stem and Valley
bringing the : usual 3c advance.
WASHINGTON. . .> :'='•
TACOMA, Feb. -Wheat— No. Club, 74c-
No. 1 Blue Stem, 77c.
PORTLAND 1 " BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 11.— Exchanges. $304 -
993; balances, $55. 122^
- SALMON r PACKERS vTO \ COMBINE.
NEW YORK. , Feb. '; 11.— Journal of Com
merce , Bays: According *to . well-informed •. peo
ple, "both here and on the coast,"* the effort that
has been making for some time past to con
solidate the packing Interests on the Colum
bia River are not lik'oly to be more successful
than the previous attempt. It is understood
that the idea of forming 8 combination of some
sort has not been abandoned, but It Is stated
that there is little chance of anything posi
tive In that direction being done this season.
In speaking of the situation and the causes
that have led up to the movement to form a
combination of Columbia River packers a
prominent Pacific Coast commission merchant,
™ n an been visiting the trade here, said:
ihe Columbia River packers have lost so
much trade through the competition of cheaper
gooes that they realize the necessity of get
.i, nS together ami making a united tront. but
tney have not been successful in reaching an
agreement, as they lack confidence in each
t r ' At Present petty jealousies keep the
packers from coming to an understanding, but
it is probable that eventually, in general in
te _ reß , t ; th ese differences will be buried and an
effective organization will be formed."
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.-Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: a number of favorable circum
stances and events present themselves this
week. Perhaps the most notable of these are
the renewed activity and confidence In the
Iron and steel market, accompanied by prompt
and even rapid advances in several grades of
pigiron and steel an.l the advance In the price
of raw cotton. What might be regarded as a
minor feature in the business situation, though
at the same time containing much that is hope
ful to the Interest involved, is a quite general
improvement in distributive trade and demand
In the Central West and In the South, where
spring trade is reported opening In good shape.
Less favorable features of the week are the
slowness of spring trade in dry goods at New
xork and other Eastern centers except Boston,
and the mild weather in the Northwest render
ing It likely that retailers' stocks carried over
m, J" lon Ker than earlier expected. Although
tne advance In cotton has been claimed to be
too rapid. It has undoubtedly Imparted a much
more cheerful tone to the Southern business
situation, and with the advance in Iron and
steel ha 6 done much to add to the confidence
with which the trade outlook for 1898 Is re
garded. Business failures continue to make
favorable comparisons with previous weeks and
vv * arß . the total for the week Just ended being
'ib. against 2i»5 last week, 3nl In the corre
sponding week of 1897, 3SI in this week of 1896,
*»6 in 1595 and 288 In 1594. Canadian failures
ror the week number 51, against 42 last week.
Dut compare with 54 in this week a year ago
and iO !n the corresponding week of 1896.
\\ heat exports fall slightly below last week's
reduced total, aggregating for the week 3,419,504
ousels, against 3.K35,u00 bushels last week
051,000 bushels in th<? corresponding week of
18J«. 2,,15,00 it bushels in 1596. 2,572,000 bushels
in 1595 and 2.005.000 bushels In 1894.
Corn exports show a unln, amounting as they
do to 4.055.000 bushels, against 4,104,000 bußhels
last week, 4.1C9.000 bushels In this week last
ln*^' 143 ' 000 bushels ln 1596 and 562 .°00 bushels
Bank clearings continue to point to an Im
mense business doing In the country at large
in a total aggregating for the week $1,434,000.
wu, less than 2 per cent smaller than last
week, .-2 per cent larger than In the correspond
„ W T last year> 5S P* r cent larger than this
ween in 18!>6, 74 per cent larger than 1895, S2
per cent largrer than In W4 and 6.3 per cent
larger than this week in 1891
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
February 10, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
Per ct. Per ct.
vro -a- «- Inc - Dec.
New York $905,966,276 42.2
%?* ton 110.116.057 8.2
|f a »° 117.5&O.171 67.8
Philadelphia "0.421,962 24 9
St. Louis 28,131.1*33 12.7 .'..'.
Pittsburgh ... 20,835.042 47.5
Baltimore 1C.468.552 16.2
ban Francisco 14,269.370 25.3 .. .
Cincinnati 12,646.700 16.5 '."
Kansas City 471.931 2.4
New Orleans 10.737.230 14.6
Minneapolis 7.381,902 49 6
Detroit 6.1G2.154 22.4
Cleveland C.679,217 30.6
Louisville 6.968,770 11
Providence 5.3114 700
Milwaukee 6,129,092 35.9 .'.'.',
St. Paul 3.019.669 20.5
Buffalo 4.016.865 20.8 .. ,
Omaha 5.233.910 30.0
Indianapolis 4.563.300 31.1
Columbus, 0 4,GG7.500 46 7
Savannah 2.425.549 8.6
Denver 2.673 51 17 .... is. 4
Hartford 2,442.519 .... 7 3
Richmond 2,556,455 15.5
Memphis 3.433,173 82. 6
Washington 2,034.371 11.3
Peorla 1,775.376 11.1 ....
Rochester 1.714,240 16.8
New Haven 1,691,910 8.2
Worcester 1,338.191 17.7
Atlanta 1.617,417 8.5
Salt Lake City 1.434,620 .... 1.6
Springfield, Mass 1.585.163 33.6
Fort Worth 1,977,693 41.7
Portland, Me ' 1.301,010 4.9 ....
Portland. Or 2.166.638 99.4'
St. Joseph 1.326,017 15. 2
Los Angeles 1,532.408 40.3
Norfolk 911. 4.6 . ..
Dcs Moines 975.169 12.4 ....
Nashville 1.367. 4!>7 34.2
Wilmington. Del 675,977 1.1
Fall River 597,828 IS.
Scranton 800.579 .... ' 1.6
Grand Rapids 873,206 41.6
Augusta, Ga 799,636 9.3
Lowell 737,240 20.6
Dayton, 0 695,550 21.9 ....
Seattle 1,436.678 257.3 ....
Tacoma 948,766' 163.3
Spokane 782,244 35.2 ....
Sioux City ! 797.567 72.1 ....
New Bedford 344,436 24.2 ....
Knoxville, Term 524.761 29.8 ....
Topeka 513,734 67.3 ....
Birmingham 471,960 17.1 ....
Wichita 490.158 25.2 ....
Blnghamton 395,700 51.3 ....
Lincoln' 335.742 39.1 ....
Lexington. Ky 329,921 20.9 ....
Jacksonville, Fla ..... 218,253 20.4 ....
Kalamazoo 322,192 64.9 ....
Akron 285.400 16.8
Bay City 226.394 18.3
Chattanooga- 379,384 60.0
Rockford, 111 195.307
Canton. 0 205,800 66.6 •
Springfield. O \ 190.771 35.8
Fargo, N. D 214.635 45.6
Sioux Falls, S. D 109,353 142.2 ....
Hastings, Neb ......... 120,766 36.3 ....
Fremont, Neb 114,184 93.2 »....■
Davenport 766.855 40.5 ....
Toledo 1.595,863 19.3
Galveston 6.771,900 38.3 ....
Houston 7,281.579 39.9 ....
Youngstown 215,142
Macon .. 682,000
Totals. U. S $1,434,973,984 52.0
Totals outside N. V... 629,009.708 26.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal .. $15,811,988.
Toronto 8,066,341 21.9 ....
Winnipeg 1,453,593 41. ....
Halifax 1,288,741 17.2
Hamilton ■ .783.920 24.6
St. John, N. B 621,980 .... ....
Totals $28,036,663 29.7 ....
FAVORABLE BANK STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— The Financier says:
The statement of the Associated Banks of
New York City for the five days ending Feb
ruary 11 (Saturday being a holiday) Is a fav
orable exhibit, both from a banking and com
mercial standpoint. Loans show an expan
sion of $5, 976, 600. the increase originating appa
rently with two of the larger banks, the Na
tional City and the National Park, whose
combined totals account for the change over
the preceding week. The most Interesting
feature of the statement, however. Is the loss
of cash reported. The decrease for the week
was $1,130,500. which Is the first shrinkage
since the enormous Inward flow which marked
the end of December and the first week of
January. At the begining of this year the re
serve of the hanks was J15.800.000. It is now
*ald to be $32,437,050, an increase of over $16,
637,00 ii. in the same period loans have ex
panded over 32,000. 000 and deposits $07,71*0,000.
Thif, while the loan Increase has been far
above the normal It was impossible to make
use of all the money goinjc Into, banks. This
review assumes that the increases were due to
legitimate business operations, but the many
special transactions growing out of the trans
actions between the banks and the treasury
are a factor that make a correct deduction
impossible. At any rate now that the banks
seem to have reached the limit of cash acces
sions, the money market probably will recover
somewhat from the demoralization which has
marked its course thus far during 1898.
If the pnst Is of value in comparison It may
be recalled for the same week and the pre
vious one in 1597, the banks reduced their
excess reserve $8,500,000 and lost in cash $6,300,
000. This year the loss in reserve for the same
period has been only a little In excess of
| $3,100,000. In 1897. the first week In March
I seemed to mark the high period of the bank
I reserves, after that and until well Into the
| summer a stationary plane was reached. If
the same thing Is repeated this year the
money market will probably maintain a level
somewhere near the present figures, but It is
true that bankers are expecting a firmer
market within the next sixty days.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'g
Weekly Review of Trade will say in its issue
Of to-morrow: Business Is pushing toward
spring activity rather early. Events which
have controlled are good buying of iron by the
largest makers, the rise In cotton with strength
in goods, the great railway consolidations and
the Cuban insurrection. The latter, with its
possibilities, operates as a brake on specula
tion, and foolishness of local traders gave
foreigners a much desired opportunity to buy
stocks on balance, about 45.000 shares. Janu
ary earnings, $55,017.417. already reported, are
16. 6 per cent better than last year and 9.5
better than In 1896, showing the best month
in six years at least, and February returns
thus far are promising. The output of pigiron
In February was 229,893 tons weekly, the larg
est In the history of the business, but the re
ported buying of 130,000 tons of Bessemer iron
by the Carnegie Company and 100,000 by an
other of the largest steel concerns, neverthe
less, means decision by the ablest manufac
turers that the unprecedented output of pig
will soon prove too small for the growing de
mands for finished products. The Illinois Steel
Company has contracted for 1,000,000 tons Bes
semer ore and producers of other ranees count
upon an advance In prices. Bessemer pig
rose to $10 15 and gray forge to $S) at Pitts
burg with finished products generally stronger
and in large demand at this season.
Rail contracts already cover, it is said, more
than last year's production, the railways buy
ing earlier than usual. Bar sontracts for cars,
wagons, agricultural implements and other
manufactures arc heavy at the West, struc
tural contracts there are very numerous and
at the East large, with 50,000 tons estimated
for New Tork buildings alone this year, while
plate and sheet contracts for the season are
unprecedented. January was one of the big
gest months in Connellsville coke output, $23,-'
975 tons, and furnace continued at the samt.
price. Tin rose to 14 cents, In spite of heavy
shipments, and copper to 11 cents or better foi
lake in spite of enormous American production.
The rise In cotton, 6-16 of a cent, for the weeK,
results In part from better prospects for man
ufacture here and abroad, but only in part
The actual movement shows no change of con
sequence, but prices of goods have a stronger
tone. With the better tone prevailing, this
manufacture should soon feel the heavy de
mand which other industries are meeting.
Wool sales at the chief cities were only 5,
303.200 pounds for the week, and 11. 664. H0C
for two weeks, against 22.721,600 last year.
Prices are still strong in spite of the general
indifference of manufacturers, who seem to
have secured ample supplies.
For the better grades of woolen goods an
advance averaging 17.50 per cent advance from
last year is readily maintained. The opening
of works Idle for a year In spite of the heavy
production already assured Is a striking fea
ture in this, as in the Iron and other indus
tries, and implies heavier demands for pro
ducts than are now met by the unprecedented
output
Wheat has been strong, with spot advancing
2 cents and May 2% cents, though Western
receipts have been for two weeks 5.536.178
bushels, against 3,317,975 last year, but Atlan
tic exports have been 6,274,433 bushels, flour
included, against 4,026,596 in two weeks last
year, with Pacific exports large.
Corn exports are also surprisingly well sus
tained, 7,164.762. against 7,523,565 last year, and
the price has advanced a trifle. It Is yet too
early for prospects of a coming crop to influ
ence markets materially and heavy operations
at Chicago with reported sales of 1.000,000 bush
els for export on Thursday have deterred spec
ulative selling.
Business shown by bank clearings Is a^aln
larger than ever before, 54.7 larger than last
year for the week and for the month to data
44.3 per cent larger than last year, and 16.0
per cent larger than in 1392. Failures for the
week have been 295 in the United States,
against 267 last year, and 43 in Canada, against
61 last year.
BRADSTREET' S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Bradstreet's Financial i
Review to-morrow will say: After a moderate
depression on the Cuban developments early In j
the week, the stock market regained its bullish j
tone and showed further advancing tendencies.
More or less liquidation of long stocks was j
caused by the renewal of Cuban agitation ;
in the Senate and the Incidents connected with
the retirement of the Spanish Minister at
Washington, and an unsettled feeling was j
prevalent. At the same time the market
seemed to be ripe for such a movement, large
amounts of stocks having passed Into weak
hands, leaving the market in a condition in
which even a slight reaction would have a
beneficial effect. Another circumstance of some
importance which had a rather unsettling effect
was the attitude of the administration In re
gard to the sale of the Kansas Pacific property
and the announcement that the Attorney-Gen
eral, falling all other means of inducing the
Union Paclttc reorganization committee to raise
the bid to the full amount of the treasury
claims, the Government would pay the first
mortgage, and as the owners of the 2 per cent j
prior liens ask for Indefinite postponement of
the sale and appointment of a receiver in its*
own Interest. This coused selling of the vari
ous Union Pacific securities, though the firm
ness of the Kansas Pacific consolidated bonds
were noticeable, and later on the entire group
gained strength on the belief that a compro
mise would be effected. The announcement of
the terms of the New York-Lake Shore ex
change of securities also had a tendency, not
unusual in suoh cases, to cause selling of
speculative holdings, although the marked
strength of the other Vanderbllt stocks, par
ticularly Michigan Central, ami the promi
nence given to reports about an exchange of
that company's stock for New York Central
securities, had a. good effect on the market at
large. Sharp advances in Northwestern and
Omaha were also made on the revived report
that those companies would be consolidated and
that perhaps the' preferred stock of the former
would be retired with a bond issue. Even in
the face of the declining market of Tuesday
and Wednesday the strength of Metropolitan
Traction was a feature. Its advances being of
the extraordinary kind, and weri- only ac
counted for by the rumors of a stock dividend. ;
Commission houses were sellers in the early
pnrt of the week, but the buying from this !
source and by professionals at the declines was <
large, and apart from the rather aggressive
benr selling at times the market exhibited no
extreme pressure and in the main preserved it 3
strong undertone, even while the Cuban de
velopments and the De Lome incident were
regarded as liable to take a serious aspect.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling- Exchange, sight — .$4 84Vi
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 57%
Sterling: Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — - ! 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce. '. — 66V»
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There will " be no session of the
Produce Exchange to-day, as It Is Lincoln's
birthday, and all the Eastern Exchanges will
be closed.
Both spot and future prices were firm, owing
to stronger quotations • from Chicago and
abroad. •
- Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
for No. 1. $1 43%@1 45 for choice and $1 47%@
1 50 per ctl for extra choice -for. milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
" Informal Session— l 6 o'clock— May, 4000 ctls,
$1 39%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 89%. D«
cember-^ooo,' $1 31%.
• Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 39%. ■ December— 2ooo. $1 31%.
Afternoon Session— May— Booo ctls, $1 39%;
4000. $1 39%.,- • ' m ■
BARLEY— Previous ..prices rule for all de
scriptions, with a good demand.
Feed, $1 02%@l 05 for dark to good and
$1 07%@l 10 for choice; Brewing. $1 16<gil 20 for
No. 1 and $1 1001 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
,-. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal : Session— 9:ls o'clock — sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular' Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
9Sy*c; 2000, 96% c; 4000. . 96% c.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 96% c; 8000,
96% c.
OATS— There is not enough doing to affect
prices. •'•■ ■ ■
Fancy reed, $1 22%<31 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 17%@1 22%; common, $1 12%@1 15;
Surprise, $1 23©i 30; red, $1 35@1 45; gray, $1 15
©117%; milling, $1 17%@1 22%; black, for seed,
$1 3r>(<rl 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
ever the raw product. • ■
CORN— In spite ]■. of imports from the East
dealers are quoting higher prices for all de
scriptions, though the demand is not sharp.
Small round yellow, $1 10@l 13 per ctl ; large
yellow, $1 06©l 12%; .white. $1 07%. >
RYE— sl nr.'fM 07% r-r ctl.' '
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<tl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65; Bakers' extras, is 4 30@4 40 perbbl. '
■> MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are "as fol
lows, usual discount ; to, the > trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs;: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal; $2 25; extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal, $3 60; > Oat Groats. $4; Homi
ny, $3 10iff>3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats?(bbls), $5 25t3>5 6a; In
sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs. } : ~-'\V\
HAT : AND FEEDSTUFFS.
', The state of the Hay market for the next
few days ; will depend - upon • whether the , buy
ers succeed in breaking prices or not. They
have not yet. though their stubborn holding off
has softened : the i market considerably. i Feed
stuffs show no change. ■
BRAN— S2O 50(^21 50. ' ...
MIDDLINGS— S22 60@2S.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23<3>24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. - $2S 50029 50:
jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50: Cot
tonseed Meal. $28030 per ton: Corn Meal. $23 30
#24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Chopped Feed,
$iS®l9.
;■ HAT— (Ex-car ': In round lots)— Wheat. . $16(3
'.8 50 per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16@17 50: Oat.
$14 50@16 60; Barley. $13 50@16: compressed. $15
(317 50: Alfalfa. $10 SOifm : stock,. $11® 12 50; ;
Clover. $11 Eo<i?l2 50 per ton. • ' . •
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices for Beans are maintained and J the
market Is firm." '
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10: Small .Whites, -$1 40
@1 CO; » : Large * Whites. $1 40@l 60: Pinks,
»2 75@2 g5; Reds, ; $2@2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 60;
Butters.'' $1 40@l 50; L,imaa. $1 65@1 75; Pea,
$1 40@l 60 per ctl. ' " ' ■ ■ ;■: ■-. , - ,
■SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $2&2 50; - Flax, $2 25; ; Canary Seed,
2'4@2 : !ic - per It: Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape 2@2%c;
Hemp. ; 3c: Timothy. 5%c.-, • ■ ' . .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 80
#2 per ctl.'.-' : '■' ■.';.'. '-
i POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
'. Bouldln Island Asparagus brought 50c per. lb.
Potatoes and Onions showed no change
worthy of note. . ;.; ■
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6.'>®7sc: River Reds.
GEOttcj River Burbanka. "S'aSSc per sack: Ore
gon Burbar.ks, $l«ffl 10: Salinas Burbanks, Ssc@
$1 12M>; Petaluma Burbanks, TOIiSOc: Sweet Pota
toes, 50-{j6Qc per ct! for Rivers and 75c@$l for
Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes, S^Vic per lb.
ONIONS— S2 sOff?2 85 per ctl; Oregons, $2 75®
2 90: cut onions, $2^2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms. WtSC per lb;
Mexican Tomatoes, - SC^gl 75 per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $20 per ton ; Hubbard Squash. $20
per ton; Dried Peppers, 3(i:10c per lb: Dried
Okra, 15c: f'abbace, 60075 c per ctl: Carrots. 25
fTWc per sack: Garlic. 3©4% c per lb- Aspara
gus. IMSe per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. SfrlOc: String Beans,
— : Tomatoes. 50c@|l 25: Green Peppers. 25c
per lb; Summer Squash. 8c; Eg? Plant.
25c per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, SOctfjSl 25 per
dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated. lfi'S'lSc: granulated raw.
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new. ISc:
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: turnips,
25c: String Bear.s, 30c: Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The left-over Eastern Is selling at $5 for
Hens. J4 50 for young Roosters, $4 for old
Roosters and $5 for Fryers.
Local Poultry shows no change worthy of
note.
Game continues to acvance under lighter re
ceipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10#llc for Gob
ler« and ll@l2c for Hens: dressed Turkeys.
V.TiUc per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25fil 50: Gos
lings $2i53; Ducks, $3 r»o@s4 50 for old and
$4 50(86 for young; Hens, $3@4 50; Roosters,
young, $4 50®5 50; Roosters, old. $3 25@3 50;
Fryers $5(55 50; Broilers. $5^5 50 for 'large and
$3 50@4 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75<g2 25 per
dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per dozen. $101 12H: Mallard,
$3 50(54: Canvasback. $3<f?4 50: Sprig. $2^2 50;
Teal, $2; Widgeon, $1 BO: Small Ducks. $1: Gray
Geese, $2 50: White, Tfp@sl' m . Brant, $1 25@1 50;
Honkers, $31*3 60; English Snipe, $2: Jack
Snipe, $1; Hare, 75c; Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is no further decline In Butter, but
Eggs are piling up on all sides and are lower
and hard to Bell.
BUTTER—
Creamery Fancy creameries, 25@26c; sec
onds. 23(ff24c.
Dairy— to Fancy, 22i£23c; lower grades,
20(&'21c per It).
Eastern Creamery, 22®22&c; ladle
packed, 15@17Vic per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, 10®llc; common
to good. SS"9Vac; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc: Young
America. ll®12c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern.
12V4<8f13%c per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 16@18c per dozen; store
Eggs. 15c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The. usual auction of Oranges was not held,
as there was no stock to offer. Fine red Ap
ples will bring the top quotation. Limes are
lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7@B per bbl.
Apples, 40@50c per box for common. 65c@$l
for good to choice and $1 2f>@l 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FV.'JITS — Navel Oranges, $i 25@
2 25; Seedlings. 6Oc0$l; Mandarins, Jli^l 50
for large and 65@75c for small boxes: Grape
Fruit, $2 50® 5 per box; Lemons, 50<§!75c for
common and $101 75 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes $5 50®6; California Limes In small
boxes. Toe's sl; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per doz.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
The market for all kinds continues dull at
the familiar prices.
DRIED ITS— Prunes, carload lots, 454
@4sic for 40-50' s. 33i@4V»c for EO-6<Ts, 3VI&3KC
for 60-70's, 2%©3Vic for 70-80' b, 2',ii5 1 ior &0
90's, .1%@2%C for !/0-100'r: Peaches. 3®4>£c: ran
cy, s@sM;c; peeled. io@l2!£c; Apricots, r>fg'6c for
Royals and 7@Sc for eoort to fancy Moorparks;
evaporated Apples, 6*l@7 I ,ic; sun-dried, 4@sc;
black Figs, in sacks, 2@2V.e; Plums, - il'-'u-i-nv
for pitted andl@lV4c for unpttted; bleached
Plums, s@s*4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears,' i ?4 1 2 c for quarters and 3@sVio
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, 3@3%c f Or three
crown, 3%@4c for four-crown, 5c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3^c for Seedless Muscatels and $10
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c
NUTS Chestnuts ■ are quotable at 8c ' per
Ib; Walnuts, C@6c fcr hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2mr3^c for hardshell s@6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts
4<j?s%c for Eastern and 4Hc for California 1
Pecans. 6%@Sc; Filberts, B>4<Sloc; Brazil Nuts
S{f9c per 1b: Cocoonuts, $4 50@5 per 100
HONEY— New Comb, S@loc for bright and 59
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed, 4'/4@sc; light amber extracted. 3%©4»4c
per Ib. ■:' ..-. ; . . ■
BEESWAX— per !b.
PROVISIONS.
Are firm, active and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B^,c per Ib for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Ham«, . 10H®llc; California
Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10;, family do, $ll<?rl2; salt Pork,
$9: extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per
lb. • .
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5Wc per lb
for compound and 6%ic for. pure; palls, 7Hc;
California tierces, 5V;c per lb for compound
and 6'ic for pure; half -barrels, 6V4c; 10-lb
tins, 7V 4 c: do 5-lb. 7%c.
COTTOLENE-Tierces. s%®6Hc: packages,
less than 300-lbs— l-lb pails, 60 In a case. B%c:
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case. BUc; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. B We; 50-lb
tins, one or two In a case, 7J&c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7Ho;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, 7±t,c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOP 3.
The .only change is a Blight advance !n
salted Hides. Wool and Hops rule dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
Xc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10H©llc; medium, 9&c: light, 9ig"9i4o: Cowhides
9@9&c; stags, 6#6Hc: salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides, 17<g'174c; culls ana brands, 13 Vi
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; dry Calf, 18#
20c; culls, 16®17o: Goatskins, 20<f?37Hc each:
Kids, s@loc: Deerskins, good summer, 25<i£30c
per lb; medium, 20c; winter.-. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool, 40<?i!70c
each; medium, 70@90c;- long wools, 90c@$l 30
each. •:••:-'
- TALLOW- No. 1 rendered. 3®3>4c per lb; No.
2, 2@2Ho; refined, Be; Grease, 2@2Vic.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free." 10<9
13c; do defective. lOJfllc: San Joaquln, defec
tive, 7@9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free
Northern, 12f?13c; do defective. !>@llc: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, .13(fJ15c; Eastern . Oregon,
9J7>lSc: Valley Oregon. 16<fi)18e.
HOPS— crop, 1 2(??6c for poor to fair and 8
@10c for good; new crop, ll@lso per lb. '<:•>■;>.:
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs rule firm, and" choice are getting
scarce again. The other descriptions are un
changed.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows: •:.;.'■
BEEF— First quality. 6%c; second do. 5%@
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6(ff64c; small. 7@7%e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@740: ewes. 6Vi®7c
per lb.
LAMB— 15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4@4%c for large, 3'/4<?T3Se
for small and 3%@3%0 for medium; soft Hogs,
3V4- dressed, do. ■ s%@6Hc per lb. "'•»'
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Rags, IS?S delivery,
6%@s?ic; Wool Bags, 27@30c; San Quentln,
$5 30. .  ■;■?:;■% :h: h -K'^il: ' : ■ '
. COAL — Harrison's circular says: "During
the week • five vesels have arrived from Brit
ish Columbia with 15.348 tons or coal, two from
Oregon, 550 tons; two from ■ Washington, 4500
tons; one from Sydney, 3044 tons; total, 23,455
tons. In addition to the above' several hun
dred tqns of I'ieasant Valley Coal were de
livered here by rail. As this Is a fuel well
adapted for ■ house- uses, 'it has : served to re
lieve the rush of last •' week •- for: Northern
Coals. - This is very apparent i: around . the
wharves "where lines of carts have been form-
Ing to secure their loads, • none have to wait
now. The absence of local frosts this . week
has diminished the .demand for domestic
grades. Consumers have been ; led to believe
that the local agents of our • coast collieries
are : the prime movers In , causing recent ad
vances on fuel. Such is not the case, as they
simply increased ; prices - 'n the same ratio as
ship-owners advanced their freight" rates, and
the latter are not to blame as more profitable
business is being dally , offered to them ■ for
Alaska business. Appearances Indira:.? that
high prices must rule for several months to
come, certainly as long as coat-carriers are di
verted from their past business. - . .
! "The Australian mall. just at hand, report*
only three vessels .loading at Newcastle for
here, there are ten ' now en route with about
27, C00 tons," and • forty • are ; chartered ■ to - load
with nearly 100,00 tons - capacity. ; Some •of
these will not arrive here until late this year.
Freights for Coal are quoted firm at 15s 6d per
ton,, and ■ tonnage scarce for early : loading.
We shall ! have •to look to the Colonies for our
main v supply, of steam fuel < this : year, -\ which
will serve. to; maintain full freights there." ■:•-
Wellington is quotable at : $10. per ton; New
Wellington, ■- $10; Seattle, $6-50 per ton;
Bryant, $6 50: Coos Bay, :$5 75; Wallsend.
$9: Scotch, ■. $10: Cumberland, $10 in : bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthaclte I Egg,";
$15: Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; . Coke, : $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks. ■ • .- . .. . - -
RICE — Some changes appear. Chinese mixed,
84 25 «r 4 30: per cti No. 1, $4 50^4 S>l ncr ell;
extra No. 1. $5®5 30; Hawaiian, $4 62Vt<£4 75;
Japan, $4 90@5; Rangoon, $4(g4. 25. -.;
SUGAR— The • Western Sugar - Refinery i Com
pany quotes ■ terms . net cash: ■ Cube Crushed i
and Fine Crushed,' 6%e; P* <vdered. 6%c;- Dry,
Granulated. s^c; Confectioners' A, 5%c;. Mag
nolia A. t%c: Extra C, s»icr. Golden C. s'^c:
Candy Granulated, 5"4 c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half, barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. :. ■ ' : ■■■;7'.'.-V ■' . ;•
; . RECEIPTS ;OF PRODUCE.
i ' ■ For Friday, February 11.
Flour, ; qr sks... 7.6221 Hay. tons' ........ 22$
Wheat, ctls . . . . . 57.730 i Straw, tons . . ... 6
- Barley, ctls ..... 410 Lime, bbls ."...;. 240
Corn, ctls ".....; 626 Leather, -rolls ■•;. "i 104
Cheese,: ctls ■ 75 1 Pelts, bdls '....;: 226
Butter, ctls ..... 188! Hides, no ....... 143
Beans, sks I.B9B} Wine, gals 85,000
Potatoes, sks L 7o6 l Sugar, bbls 3,920
Onions, sks- 101 1 Lumber, ft 10.000
Bran, sks 96 |EgK», <l"z H. 610
Middlings, sks .. 22:Rnisins. bxs .... 1M
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are plentiful and lower. There Is no
change In Butter and Cheese.
Meats sell at last weeks prices.
Fruits are about the same. Oranges and
Apples are abundant, but Limes have been
scarce of late.
Vegetables show no particular change.
Salmon is higher and scarce.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ©12 00 Castle Gate. 9 50® 10 00
Wellington . ©12 00 Plensnnt Val 9 oo®lo 00
New Welling- Southfield
ton @12 00 Wellington (ffll 00
Seattle 8 SO'o) Coos Bay @ 7 73
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per j Common Eggs ...20@~
square 55f?— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — @50 <loz 22%®20
Do, Rood 4. : >ii£— Honey, comb, per
Chrose, Cal 12015 lb 12 / Sl3
Cheese, Eastern .. 151f20 Do. extracted... B@lo
Cheese. Swiss 20^,30 i
I Meats, per pound-
Bacon ÜBl7 ! Pork, fresh 12^15
Beef, choice ..12015 Pork, salt....'. 10013
Do. good.. S@lo : Pork Chops 1201S
j Corned Beef ... SW— ! Round Steak S(f?10
! • Ham, Ca1...;...12%#15 : Sirloin Steak.... 12V4@—
Do, Eastern....— <b"ls; Porterhouse, d 0..17020. .17020
Lard 12©> 15 ; Smoked Beef — ®15
Mutton —810 Pork Sausages QK
Spring Lamb 20<g;25 Veal' 12@15
Fruits and Nuts— '■ .\ •'.-;'■
j Almonds, lb 12015 Lemons, dos 205T25
Apples, lb 3(gi 5 Limes, doz <J?ls
Bananas, doz 15®20 Oranges, doz .. 16060
Cranberries, qt.. .12015 Raisins, lb S®l2'/a
Cocoanuts, each.. 4@ 6 Walnuts, lb 15@—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each.... ■ 60® 65 Hare, each.... 20
Young Roost- Quail, doz 1 2501 50
era, each..... 600 75 Mallard; pr.... 76@ ■
Old Roosters, Canvasb'k,* pr. 7591 00
each 50® SO Sprig, pr 60@—
Fryers, each.. 50*3 60 Teal, pr 40© .
Broilers, each. 35$ 40 Widgeon, pr.. .400 ■
Turkeys, pr lb IS® 16 Small Duck, pr 80® 31
Ducks, each.. 600 7. > Wild Geese, pr 40<g> 50
Geese, each.... 2501 75 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair. 25@ 50 doz 2 50@3 00
Rabbits, pair.— H@ 40 I Jack Snipe, dz.l 2501 50
Vegetables — ''v'J,:-:;:^- ;:..'*;*;
Asparagus, Tb..:.25@65 Dried Okra, 1b....-r-@2O
Artlch'ks, dz.7sc@sl 25 i Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beets, doz. 12@15 Peppers, dried. .. .101V13
Beans, white, lb. 4@ 5 Do green, n>....40@50
Colored, lb 4© 5 Potatoes, lb 2@ 3
Lima, lb 5@ 6 j Parsnips, doz ISO2O
Cabbage, each s@lo Do, Sweet —@ 3
Cauliflowers, each si§!lo | Radishes, dz bcha.lo9l3
Celery, bunch s@— l Sage, lb 2." ';::;>
Cress, doz bch5...20@25 ' String Beans,' n>..20<J?30
Green Peas, lb. . .10 12 , Thyme, 1b... 20^30
Lentils, lb 6# 8 : Turnips, dbz 15020
Lettuce, doz IS*! 25, Tomatoes, It> 12@15
Mushrooms. .1t)....20<g35
Fish, per pound —
Barracuda 12@15 Shad ..:.10@—
Carp 5@ I Sea 8a55...::.;...5J?'10
Codfish i<®\< Smelts :;.... 15©—
Flounders 6« i Soles 8@ —
Herring 5(7? 6 Skates, each 6@lo
Halibut —©15 Sturgeon lii<fflJ
Kingflsh B@lo Tomcod ... 12^13
Mackerel 15©— Clams, ga1........—
Do, Horse @— Do, hardshell, 100.50<ff—
Perch ;.... B@lo Crabs, each ...12(fM5
Pompano $I©— Do, softshell. 1 dz.25(3'35
Rockfish 12®15 Mussels, qt 10013
Salmon, smoked. .2o(f? — Oysters, Cal, ■ 100.400 —
Salmon, fresh.... 15(520D0. Eastern, d0z.20@40
Shrimps S@lo 1 | '
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes In mining stocks were In
the direction of lower prices, though the de
cline was Insignificant.
The Bullion delinquent sale takes place to
day.
The Clnnahar King Mining Company of So
noma County has levied an assessment of 1
cent per share, delinquent March 12.
The assessment recently levied by the Rock
land Mining Company of Nevada County has
been rescinded.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah paid
a monthly dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $5000, Thursday.
The usual active business was done on the
Bond Exchange, and Oceanic Steamship sold
up to $51 75 and Hutchinson Plantation to $4S.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending February 5, the usual
prospecting work was done In the Security,
Black, Main Standard, East and Fortuna
ledges, on the 160. 190, 265, 31S, 336, 380. 470 and
582 levels. The usual quantity of ore was stoped
from the Moyle, Bullion, Black, Incline,
Magulre and Fortuna veins on the 150. 200, 2fis.
318, 336, 485 and 5*2 root levels. The stopes
generally look well. High grade ore Is being
taken from the 33fi. 380 and 582 foot levels.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week. 246 tons; average assay vanner tailliK'.-.
$6 31; concentrates produced, 2% torn*; assay
value, $110 26; plate amalgam produced, 542
ounces; assay value, $2 Si per ounce. Both
cam shafts broke at the mill during the week,
owing to flaws in the shafts. The mill will
run on fifteen stamps until the repairs are
made. i
In the Comstock ground of the Savage Mm%
ing Company, on the 500 foot level, the west
crosscut started from the north lateral drift
from a point 135 feet north of main west cross
cut has been advanced 13 feet; total length,
209 feet; face in hard porphyry. On this level
all work has been stopped for the present. On
the 130 level the main west drift has been
cleaned out and repaired a distance of 12 feet;
total length, 345 feet. Brunswick lode— East
crosscut No. 1 was advanced 17 feet; face in
porphyry with streaks of quartz giving low
assays; total length 32 feet. Incline shaft No.
1 has been sunk a distance of 5 feet; total
depth. 1045 feet; bottom in porphyry. Sinking
waa resumed on the Ist instant.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran*
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:3o.
100 Alpha 05 100 Occidental 155
1100 A lta 20 100 Ophir 49
160 Belcher 25 100 43
500 Best & Belcher. 3S i 500 Savage " »g
200 39 400 Seg Belcher 04
100 Chollar 37 i 250 Sierra Nevada.. S6
400 Con Cal & Va.. 53!150 85
250 Mexican 32 13001 300 Union Con 37
Afternoon Session.
350 Alpha 04 1 100 Mexican JS
100 Alta 2n|600 Ophir 4D
100 21)700 Potosl 21
600 Belcher 26 1 100 Savage 28
2fiO Best & Belcher. 3!i 600 Sierra Nevada.. 83
100 Confidence 70 400 Union Con 3d
100 Gould & Curry.. 26
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session — 10:30.
500 Alta 13 j 100 Gou.d & Curry.. 29
1400 20 800 Mexican 32
500 Andes 11 300 Ophir 49
1200 Best & Belchr. 3a 300 48
200 Bullion 07;200Potosl 22
200 Caledonia 19 200 Savage 26
300 1& 300 Sierra Nevada.. 90
150 Chollar 38 300 89
100 Con Cal & Va.. 85 200 88
100 M 300 87
200 83 400 Union Con 38
300 Crown Point ... 17 200 37
500 Exchequer "2 Koo Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
3™ Alta 20U00 34
300 Belcher 26 200 Ophir 49^
200 Best & Belchr.. 39 300 ' 50 4
400 Bullion 07 100 Savage 27 r
500 06 500 S B & M 04
100 Challenge Con.. 23 400 Sierra Nevada.. 87
100 Chollar 39 600 86
200 Con Cal & Va.. Sa 1500 85
200 «« 800 84
100 Gould & Curry.. 28 *00 Union Con 3S
100 Hale & Norcrs..l 55 , M) 0 Yellow Jacket... 23
400 Mexican 33 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Feb. 11—4 p. m.
Alpha 04 OSjJulia 01 —
»l| a 19 21 Justice 36 4",
Andes' 11 12 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 25 27 Lady Wash.... — 03
Best & Belcher 39 40 Mexican ........ 33 34
Bullion 06 07 Occidental ....150 160
Ca!<'lnnia IS *> Ophir 50 51
Chollar 37 3S Overman 05 0«
Con Cal & Va. S6 87 Potosi 21 22
Challenge 2S SOjSavage 26 27
Con Imperial.. 01 02 1 Seg Heioher. . .. 03 04
Confidence 70 75 1 Scorpion 06 —
Crown Point .. 18 17; Sierra. Nevada. S6 88
Con New York. — OS Stiver Hill .... 03 04
Eureka — 25 Standard 150 160
Exchequer 01 — Union Con 38 39
Gould & Curry. 20 27 Utah 09 10
Hale & Nocrs.l 50 1 60 1 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. 11—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Uid.Asb.
U S 3onds— IM EL Co 15 15«4
48 quar c0up. .113% — loakland Gas.. 66 —
4s quar reg..ll2?i — IPac Gas lm.. 93'/i 93*4
4s quar new... 125 — I Pac L Co S6Vfe 57
Miscellaneous— IS FG & E 95 'Js'i
Cal-st Cab 55.112H115 ISan Fran aVi —
Cal El 6s 128-— (Stockton Gas. 14H —
C C Wat 55..102te103Vs Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — wV» Firem's Fnd... — 200
E L & P 65.. 128 — Bank Stocks—
P& Ch Ry6s.ll6^i — Anglo-Cal .... 62U. 69^
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1. 245 247£
HC & S SH. 105 — Cal S1)& T. — 101
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ...200 —
Do gntd 65. .100 — Lon P & A.. 130 —
Market-st 6s. 125^ — Mer Exchnge. 10 15
Do Ist M 55. 11514116 Nev Nat 8...150 —
Nat Vln 6a Ist — 100 Savings Banks—
N C ngßy 75.10H4 — Ger S & L..1530 —
NRy Cal 65. .110 111 Hum rf & L.1050 1160 i
NR y Cal 55..1024 — Mutual Say. 35 4j^
N PC Ry 65.104V4 — S F Say U.. 470 —
N PC Ry 55. 100 — Si L 50.... — 100
N Cal R 55... — 102 Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Union T Co 950 —
Do 2d Is 5b.. 11l 111% Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 128%130 California ....107U —
P&O 6s 110 115 Gmry 40 —
P&Ch Ry 65.107%110 Market-at .... 61 —
Powell-st fc...U9 — Oak SL& H. — —
Reno WL&L,. - 105 Presidio — M 'Pac EJeeßySs. — 100 Powder— ';
gpa S P ?5. 10714 — California ....107% —
gpof Ar 65..102 Vi — B Dynamite .. — »0
6p< al 65. ...110 — Giant con Co. 43 — j
gpC " cr ss. — 99M: Vigorit 3% 4
gPBr 6s 112 — • Miscellaneous— n
S V Wat 65..119 Al Pac Assn.. 98 93%
g V Wat 45..102*i103 Her Ld Wk«:.l«) 150
Stock Gas 65. .100 104»i. H C & S Co. SSJ4 36
tor— * Hutch S P Co. 4.\ 4*
Contra Costa.. — 55V, Mer Ex Assn. ?0 — _
Marin Co .... M) — Nat Yin Co . . — ■"5
Spring Val ... 99% — Oc SCo 51*4 52
Gis A Electric— Pac A F Al.. 14 24
C«t Gasllßht. 98% — Pac 13or C 0... 934 —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. €>4 —
MORNING SESSION.
7: Giant Powder Con 43 00
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 50
150 . do do 34 62 Vj
If) do do .. . 34 75
!5 Hutchinson S P Co. b 2 45 00
55 Oakland Gas 56 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 3714
105 Pacific Gas Imp 2S 50
15 S P Gas *; Electric 95 37H
200 <Jo do 95 00
GO Spring: Valley Water 100 00
400 Vtgorlt Powder 4 0
Street—
$5000 Northern Ry Cal 5s 80nd5..... 102 25
AFTERNOON SESSION.
?S0 Contra Costa "Water 55 00
I'""" Giant Powder Con 43 50
25 do do 43 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 35 50
GO Hutchinson (! P Co 45 00
10 do do b 10 48 00
100 do do b 5 4S 00
11000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 75
100 Vigorlt Powder, bG 4 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 5100 ■
75 do do f,l «0
80 do do 51 CV S
50 do do .- si 75
225 S F Gas & Electric Co 96 00
60 do do bS 95 00
60 do do s 90 95 00
60 do do s 90 94 87^
20 do do s !».. <'5 00
20 Spring Valley Water 100 CO
12000 S P Branch Railway Bonds 112 25
Street—
100 Market-street Railway 53 12»4
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. |
Walla Wa11a....
Wellington
Empire...
Coos Bar '
Australia I
Excelsior I
Washtenaw j
A Blanchanl. ..
Gaelic ''
Willamette '
Pomona I
.Columoia
Arcata j
North Font i
rm.-uiila ... . I
Htimboldt I
Mackinaw
Pr0ere50.. ...... j
President. i
Homer i
Kewpon I
Santa Rosa. . . i
Siate or Cat.... '
Weeott i
Victoria and Pugret Snd.. .
Departure Bay
Coos 8ay...., 
Xr-wport
I Honolulu
Alaska
Tacoma
San Pedro
China and Japan I
Seattle.: ;
I San Diego
! Portland
| Coos Bay -
■ tiumooidt
' Victoria & Pueet Sna ....
Dyoa
Tacoma
Seattle •..
Yaquinaßay
Newport
! Panama
San Diotro _
' Portiana
Humboldt
Feb 11
Feb 11
Fob 12
Feb 11
Feb 12
FeblJ
Feb 12
Feb 12
Feb 18
; Feb 13
FebU
FebU
Feb It
Feb 15
Febl«
Feb 18
Feb 16
Feb It;
Feb 16
Feb 17
Feb 13
Feb IS
Feb 19
Feb 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ' Destination-
\Vhttelaw . . I Alaska |
Nat. City... j Alaska I
City of Rio Ohina&Japa r.
Slate of Cm I Portland .
Santa Rosa San Diepo....
Homer ■ HumbolUt .. . i
\Veeott Humbldt Bay.
Coos is fir.. NewporL..:...
A BlanchrC Alaska
Kxceislor.. Alaska j
Walla Wlla ! Vie & P Sound i
Arcata | Coos Bay
Pomona.... San Diego
Columbia, i Portland '
Zealand i.i.. | Honolulu ;
Humboldt.. l Alaska
City of Para I Panama
Destination- !
Sails.
| PtBR.
!Feb 12 Pier 18
Feb 12, 4 ph Pier 2
F.-b 12, 1 rsi P.M SS
Feb 12. in ay Pier 24
Feb It, 11 am Pier 11
Feb 13. hi am Pier a
Web 14. i) am Pier U
Fob 14. «am Pier It
Feb 14,10 am Pier 13
Feb 15.1? si | Pier 3
Feb 15. 10 am Pier a
Feb 15. 10 ah Pier 13
Feb lti. 11 am Pier 11
Feb IT. 10 am Pier 21
Feb 17, 2 rsi, Pier 7
Fob 1* i
Peb IS. 12 m P.M SS
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Tlmefl ami Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to Sao
Francisco Ray. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Potnt;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FEBRT T ARY-ISyS.
Saturday. February 12.
Bun rises 7.C2
Sun sets '. 5:46
Moon rises Morning-
gr«ine ! Feet Time Feet I!™ Feet
£ H W 1 I. W H W
'll^Fee:
JLiWI
I
.■suit.. — in tne above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are grlven in th» left
hand column and the puocesslve tides of the
day fn the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column tclves th»
last title of the.day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number Riven Is subtractlve from th«
ri»rth given by the rhartg. \
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrngraphla
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit ths
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained rejrardlns
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter!
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on top of the building on Tele
rraph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telepraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. ' si.
A notice stating wheth"- the time ball was
Cropped on time or giving the error. If any. ts
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the fnlinwtnz
«*y- W. S. hughes.
Lieutenant. TJ. 8. N.. In chare*.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
11. :
Tbe time ball on Telegraph Hill w»s dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HTT.HES.
Lieutenant. U. S. :T.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. February 11.
Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, •* days from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Walla "Walla, Gage, 67% hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Parsons, 101 hours from
San Diego and way ports; produce, to Good
all. Perkins & Co. •
Stmr Homer, Jersen, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, . 43 hours from
Fan Pedro.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 17 days from Seattle.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, 16 days from
Hllo.
Sciir Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Sailor Boy. Peterson, 15 days from Ev
erett.
CLEARED.
Friday, February 11.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria; :
Gooda:i, Perkins & Co.
SAILiZrv
Friday, February 11.
Aunt stmr Burma, Mikuliclch, Nanaimo.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.
Schr Arthur I, Jacobsen. Tillamook.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 11—10 p. Weather,
thick; wind, calm. :. .':
SPOKEN.
Feb Lat 37 15 N. long 74 54 W. bark St
James, hence Sept 18, for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb Bark
Columbia, hence Feb 2.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 11— Schr Azalea,
from Grays Harbor; U S stmr Monadndck.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb Schr Wing and
Wintr. for San Francisco.
FORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 11— Bark
Fresno, for Honolulu.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Feb '11 — Stmr
Whiu-sb<-irn. hence Feb 10.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 11— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb Stmr Arcata,
hence Feb 9.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 11— Ship Tosemite,
hence ' Jan 30.
< LEONE— Feb 11— Stmr Alcatraz, for
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr North Fork
hence Feb 10.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Oregon, fm
Dyea. •
FISH ROCK— Sailed Feb— Schr Reliance, for
San Frnncisco.
POP.T iWNFEND— Feb 11— Schr
Ve*a. n <* nce Feb 3.
SAN PEDRO— Feb 11— Bktn Willie
R Hume, from Port Blakeley.
SallM Feb 10— Stmr Alice BUnchard, for
San Francisco; Btmr Hermosa, for San Fran
cisco. • .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Balled Feb 10— Ship R D Rice,
for San Franrlsco; stmr Aliianca, for Colon.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 11— Bark St
James, hence Sept 18.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHT'LTI— Sailed Feb I— Haw bark Nu
uanu, for N>w York.,
MAHT'KONA— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Anna,
hence Jan 18.
HULL— Arrived Feb 10— Br ship Andro
meda, hence Sept 12.
VA.NijorvEß- Bailed Feb 11— Br stmr War
rimoo, for Sydney.
C. E. FRYER
IS CHAMPION
Berkeley Carries Off the
Debating Honors From
Stanford University.
Carnot Contest Decided in Fa
vor of U. C. Unani
mously.
The Result Received With Wild En
thusiasm by the Blue and
Gold.
BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— For the third
successive year the University of Call- j
fornia has been victorious in the annual |
debate with Stanford for the Carnot :
medal. Charles E. Fryer, a junior of j
Berkeley, was this evening awarded j
the handsome trophy offered by Baron j
Pierre de Conbertin. Fryer is a son of
Professc-r John Fryer, the head of the
department of Oriental languages at
the State University. He is the editor
of the '99 Blue and Gold and a member
of the Delta Upsilon fraternity. This is
the third time that he has represented
Berkeley in the Carnot contest.
In 1895, when the Carnot medal was
first offered, it was won by Stanford.
In 1896 Martin C. Flaherty of the Uni- I
versity of California was awarded the
trophy. Harry A. Overstreet won it
last year.
Shattuck Hall, where the debate was j
held this evening, was crowded to its
utmost capacity long before the debate
began. Stanford had sent a delega
tion of from 100 to 150 to the debate,
and for half an hour before the dis
cussion began the hall rang with the
yells of the two colleges.
It was shortly after 8 o'clock when
President Martin Kellogg called upon
A. Suzzallo of Stanford to open the
debate. The question was: "Resolved.
That in the light of experience a fur
ther extension of the French colonial
system would be impolitic."
The judges were Sheldon G. Kelloeer.
Charles A. Murdock and Charles P.
Eells.
The speakers in their order were as
follows: A. H. Suzzallo of Stanford,
affirmative; A. J. Dannebaum of Cali
fornia, negative; Charles E. Fryer of
California, affirmative; A. B. Morgan
of Stanford negative; Miss Anna
Strunsky of Stanford affirmative, and
George Clark of California, negative.
President Martin Kellogg of the Uni
versity of California presided. Laurent
De la Lande, French Consul at San
Francisco, and Professor F. V. Papet
of Berkeley also occupied chairs on the
platform.
The wildest kind of enthusiasm pre
vailed when Charles A. Murdock, on
behalf of the judges, announced that a
unanimous decision had teen reached
! in favor of Charles E. Fryer. One of
the judges afterward stated that the
judges considered the Perkeley men
' the three best of the whole six speak
; ers.
President Kellog-s: formally present
ed the medal to the victor, who ac
cepted the trophy in a graceful speech.
After the audience dispersed the
Berkeley students assembled and col
lege yells, mingled with cheers for the
debaters, lasted until after the visit
ors had. left on the last train for the
city.
A QUEER CASE
OF BURGLARY
Money Alleged to Have Been
Stolen From a Trunk in a
House on Green Street.
The Police Investigate and the Hus
band Blames the Wife and
Vies Versa.
A tangled up case of burglary is bei. g
investigated by Detectives T. B. Gibson |
and Ellis, but they have about concluded ;
that they might as well give it up.
Louis Matti, who lives with his wife
to the rear of 632 Green street, reported j
that the house had been entered by bur- j
glars Thursday afternoon and $1500 stolen >
from a trunk that hud been forced open !
with a tile which was found on the floor. |
Mrs. Matti, when seen by the detective?.
told different stories as to the amount j
taken from the trunk and finally said that !
it was not more than $300.
Matti was questioned by the detectives !
at police headquarters yesterday alter
noon and told a curious story. He and
bis wife were both cooks in the same j
place. She is an old woman, and when
the subject of marriage was broached by \
her he said he would marry her if she j
started him in the saloon business. She j
had money and she give him $50*3 to i
start a saloon on Clay street. Then on
November 22 last they were married.
Shortly afterward Mrs. Matti blamed
her husband for taking $200 out of a
satchel, where she kept hc-r money, and i
they were both arrested for disturbing
the peace. Mrs. Matti had her satchel |
with her, and Matti took possession rjf
tbe money, amounting to $1020, and de- j
posited It in the Italian bank. Later he '.
placed it in the Safe Deposit Company's :
vaults.
Thursday afternoon Matti asked his ;
wife to call at the saloon on Clay street ;
and bring his four children by a former ;
wife with her. She did so, but Matti ;
did not show up till 7 in the evening. He
told her he had bought the Vallejo lodg
ing house on California street, and took
her and the children there. Mrs. Matti
remained till 10 o'clock, and when she i
went home she found the front door open
and the trunk rifled.
Matti insinuates that his wife took the ;
money herself out of the tfunk, while she !
hints that he got her away from the |
house till he went there and took the
money. As it is supposed to be a ques
tion of husband and wife, the police will
not trouble to search for the burglar.
SMOKELESS POWDER.
Tests of smokeless powder of California
manufacture will soon be made by officers
of the ordnance corps of this department.
In making the tests one of the ten-inch
breech-loading rifles planted near Fort
Point will be used. In order to ascertain
the strength and adaptability of the pow
der, a solid projectile will be fired through
two wire-netted screens. Between the
screens on the direct line of fire a space
of 100 feet intervenes. The initial velocity
is registered by a magnet connected with
each screen.
Several large lots of powder manufac
tured by the Santa Cruz works have been
purchased by the Government, and. there
fore, it is believed that the manufnetur
ers have complied with all the require
ments imposed by the Ordnance Depart
ment.
Colonel F. M. Coxe, I . S. A., who was
recently assigned to duty in this depart
ment a"s chief paymaster on the staff of
General Shatter, arrived in the city yes
terday. He succeeds Colonel Alfred E.
Bates.
OMAHA LIVESTOCK MARKET.
OMAHA. Feb. 11— Receipts, 1500;
steady; > butchers'; '- strong. Beef, $3 50«4 60;
cows and heifers. $3 2r,®3 75; 'bulls, $3g2 SO;
stockers and feeders, $3 oO«jf4 75.
. HOGS— Receipts, » 3S00: strong-; and -active;
steady at yesterday's prices; heavy, $3 60@3 73;
light. $3 75(53 S2'i. - ■-■-.-. ;. .
SHEEP— 1400; slow; steady; West
erns, |3 :i><2i CO; lambs. ?4 So@s. - ■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
CHARLES E. FRYER, Berkeley's Winning: Dcba'er.
KELLOGG WON'T
TAKE ACTION
Declines to Comply With
the Request of the
Students.
No Change to Be Made in the
Faculty Athletic Com
mittee.
Suggests Thnt Charges Be Made if
Any Real Grievance
Exists.
BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— President
Kellogg's reply to the resolutions re
cently passed by the Associated Stu*
dents' Association for an addition to
the faculty athletic committee was
made public to-day. The president de
clines to take the action requested on
the ground that the resolutions in
question affect the reputation of two
members of the faculty committee.
His reply is as follows:
Gentlemen of the Committee of the As
sociated Students:
I have carefully considered the resolu
tion adopted by the Associated Students
at their meeting of February 4 and have
arrived at the following conclusions:
This resolution cannot but receive a col
oring from the previous action of the stu
dent body. The rescinding of the former
resolutions was well and wisely done; and
for that step the students deserve unqual
ified approval. But the new resolution,
courteous and Innocent if viewed by it
self, cannot be separated from its history.
It still affects, indirectly and unpleasant
ly, the reputation of two members of our
faculty committee.
If the students have any real grievance
against these gentlemen, it is my duty to
transmit a proper complaint to the fao
ulty. But the grievance should be defi
nitely stated. Vague and unsupported
assertions are not proper ground for a
complaint. So far as I can judge such as
sertions are thus far the only basis of
these late proceedings. If something
more definite, and properly supported by
evidence, is presented to me I will lay it
before the faculty, who can decide what
action they will take in reference to their
committee. I wait for such further evi
dence, and urge that it be brought for
ward or frankly abandoned.
As the matter now stands the members
of the faculty attach no weight to the
complaint of undue interference or divis
ive action on the part of the committee.
The committee is one of the standing
committees of the Academic Council, and
the members continue in service till the
close of the academic year.
I must add my deep regret at .anything
which tends, not to lessen, but to in
crease, the want of harmony in univer
sity athletics. The fatuity must have
representative members on its committee,
to protect the university's good name. If
the students will loyally unite to win lau
rels for their alma mater, I am sure the
faculty will be no hindrance. Yours very
truly, MARTIN KELLOGG.
Editor Hopper, in to-day's Occident,
speaking in reference to the resolu
tions with v.hich President Kellogg has
refused to comply, condemns the com
promise measure as "unsatisfactory,
equivocal and hypocritical." He con
cludes:
So the Associated Students have really
introduced the principle of taking up the
personal fights and squabbles of their
athletic managers. An athletic manager
becomes imbued with some dislike, stores
up some spite against a member of the
athletic committee? Crash! Pang! The
committee is changed! • — beg pardon,
the committee is aggrandized, the disliked
member's influence is adroitly nullified by
the appointment of two new members,
carefully chosen. At this rate we'll have
a big committee by the time we win our
first football game.
The prevailing opinion at the uni
versity seems to b^ that the matter
will now be droppeS. President Kel
loggr's communication will be presented
to the students at their next meeting,
but probably a special meeting will be
called for the purpose, so any action
on it may not take place for several
weeks.
LYNN'S ADMISSION.
The Murderer Makes a Mistake That
May Prove Fatal.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— To-night Wlfe
raurderer Lynn made a fatal mistake.
He showed a knowledge of events that
transpired subsequent to shooting his
wife which showed conclusively that his
statements made earlier in the day were
false.
When he was arrested he had $19 ( n roln
in his pocket. This evening his brother
in-law. Roth, visited him, and Lynn told
the Jailer that he had $10 on him when
arrested and told him to give $5 to Roth.
This knowledge of the contents of his
pocket shows that there is no truth in
Lynn'fl claim that his mind was a blank
for some time before the shooting till
this afternoon. Captain Fletcher says
the admission of such knowledge is posi
tive proof that Lynn knows all that has
transpired.
Dr. Melvin Dead.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— After 69 years of
active, honorable life, Dr. Samuel H. Mel
vin died early this morning, while sleep
ing. For some time he has been a suf
ferer from Bright's disease, and on move
than one occasion his death has been ex
pected.
He came to Oakland in 1878 and estab
lished the pharmacy in East Oakland.
He leaves a widow and five children-
James 8., Charles S., Wmttaa P., Henry
D. and Mrs. M. M. Dewing. The deceased
was a member of Brooklyn Lodge of
Masons, and they will attend his funeral
next Sunday afternoon from the Pilgrim
Congregational Church.
KIRCHOFF WAS RIGHT.
Case Against the Man Who Criti
cized the Examiner Building
Dismissed.
B. Klrchhoff, the Mission grocer who
was arrested by Special Officer Kelly for
expressing his opinion that the new Ex
aminer building was a "shake" and a
shame and disgrace to that part of the
city, was given his liberty by Judge
Campbell yesterday afternoon.
Kelly told his story and then Kirch
hoff remarked: "I don't see why a man
should be arrested for saying that a
building like the Examiner gives him a
pain. I did not make the remftrk In a
loud and boisterous manner, and could not
be charged with disturbing the peace."
"You were quite right in expressing
your opinion," said the Judge. "The pa
per freely expresses its opinion upon men
and matters and the proprietor Is not
arrested for disturbing the peace. The
case 13 dismissed."
Sudden Death of George Nemethy.
Policeman A. B. Thompson found an
unknown man In an unconscious condi
tion on the corner of Grant avenue and
gutter street at 1 o'clock Thursday morn
ing. The City Receiving Hospital am
bulance was summoned, hut the man died
before reaching the hospital, and the body
was taken to the Morgue. Yesterday
afternoon Charles Sladky, proprietor of
the Hammam baths, identified the dead
man as George Nc-methy. a rubber em
ployed in the baths, residing at 18 Stock
ton place. _____^^^^__
OWNERS OF
OLD DEPOSITS
Oscar T. Shuck Discovers
Two Long - Lost
Heirs.
Claimants Will Soon Reach This
City From Foreign
Ports.
Oscar T. Shuck, who Is known as alo
cal sleuth who discovers lost heirs, has
just unearthed two mysteries that have
puzzled bankers for many years.
The first case is that involving the
unclaimed bank account of John Buck
ley, who deposited money with the
Savings and Loan Society in the spring
of 1874, after which he was never heard
of again. So far as the bankers were
able to discover he disappeared from
the country as completely as if the
earth had swallowed him. Year after
year the fact has been published that
nearly $2000 awuited the appearance of
the rightful heir, but no clew seemed
possible until a few weeks ago. Mr.
Shuck discovered, after searching
through the city papers, that the last
heard of the man was that he was ar
rested in this city for insanity on Sep
tember 19, 1874, by Policeman Gillespie.
He waa sent to the Stockton Asylum,
where he died in two months.
"This man's heir is now on his way
here from a foreign port," said Attor
ney Shuck yesterday, "and there is lit
tle doubt that he will soon have the
money."
The other mystery is that that has
hovered for years over the unclaimed
bank account of Mrs. Gumesinda
Torres, v.ho left half a thousand dol
lars with the French Savings and Loan
Society in ISCS. By reading the Sac
ramento papers. Attorney Shuck dis
covered that she was last heard of by
reason of her attempt to get her child
by habeas corpus when it was detained
by or.c Eugene Uzeto in 1868. Follow
ing the clew thus given it has been
discovered that the woman's heir lives
In Mexico. He is also on his way here
to claim the estate.
UNION IRON WORKS SWINDLED.
A Clever Scoundrel Receives the
Salary of Two Employes Prom
the Cashier.
The Union Iron Works was mulcted
out of $120 on their last pay day by a
clever swindler.
On each pay day the men employed in
the great works stand in line and march
toward the window, giving their number
as they pass, and then are handed out
an envelope containing their month's
wages.
The swindler, taking advantage of tho
darkness, crept into line, and. as he
passed the window, called out the num
ber of some man lower down, and the
cashier, not knowing him to be otherwise
than what he claimed to be, handed out
the envelope. The daring fellow, seeing
that it was so easy, tried again with the
fame result. He then disappeared. When
the men to whom the money was due
called for their salary they were politely
told that they had received it. The men
easily proved an alibi, and the Union Iron
Works had to make good their loss.
In future the foreman of each depart
ment will stand by and identify men un
der them, so there will be no mistakes
made.
Sudden Death.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 11.— Mrs. Beebe died
this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock at the home
of Charles Dittmar on Park street. Death
was caused from heart failure. The lady
took suddenly ill yesterday afternoon.
Deceased was the sister of Charles Ditt
mar's first wife. Mr. Dittmar is away on
his honeymoor trip.
MAT INVALIDATE
THE TAX LEVY
Supervisors Have Appar
ently Made a
Blunder.
No Right to Agree to Appro
priate $400,000 for a
County Hospital.
A Prominent Official Cites the Law
to Prove His Asser
tion.
The startling theory has been ad
vanced by one of the most prominent
of the public officials that should the
Board of Supervisors attempt to carry
out the spirit of a resolution passed at
a recent meeting it may invalidate the*
next tax levy and plunge the city into
financial chaos such as it has not
known for many years.
At a meeting that took place not
many weeks ago a resolution was
passed pledging the board to appro
priate $400,000, to be provided for in
the next tax levy, for the purpose of
providing a new City and County Hos
pital. This action was based on an en
abling act passed by the Legislature
that ostensibly gave the board the right
to adopt such a measure but now there
appears to be a hitch.
An act passed on February 16, 1897,
has been brought to light and the
"enabling" act appears to materially
conflict with it.
The act of February last specifically
states that the Boards of Supervisors
of counties, or bodies having similar
power, may appropriate funds for the
building of county hospitals and carry
out the projects, but that in any event
the cost of the structure must not ex
ceed $300,000. As this act supersedes
the enabling act the inference is drawn
that only $300,000 can be appropriated.
If such is really the case the appro
priating $400,000 for the hospital
seems to be sufficient to invalidate
any tax levy in which the appropria
tion may be included.
'NEATH OLD
GLORY'S FOLDS.
Army and Navy Cotillon.
Last Meeting of the
Friday Nights.
The army and navy reigned supreme
at the final cotillon of the Fortnightlys
at Golden Gate Hall Thursday evening.
The military took entire charge of
the affair, and, brilliant and successful
as the preceding events of this fashion
able club have been, the entertainment
managed even to surpass the magnifi
cent record. The decorations of the
hall -were in keeping with the spirit of
the affair. The stage was banked with
giant palms and cool greenery, in the
midst of which gleamed bunches of
naked swords.
The stars and stripes draped the
balcony rail and were pinned up in
graceful fold* at regular intervals with
sabers, while at either side of the en
trance were stacked arms.
There were 225 dancers on the floor.
The guests began to arrive shortly
after 9, and the cotillon was at once
inaugurated.
Lieutenant Nolan and Miss Sharp
led the first figure, Lieutenant Haine
the second. Lieutenant Kilbourne and
Miss Mary Bell Gwin the third and
Lieutenant Carson and Miss Emma
Butler the fourth.
The ladies in the first set were Miss
Susie Blanding, Miss Helen Hopkins,
Miss Edna Hopkins, the Misses Borel,
the Misses Kate and Margaret Salis
bury, Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss May
Hoffman, Miss Therese Morgan, Miss
Gertie Carroll, Miss Florence Josselyn,
Miss Fannie Baldwin, Miss Helen
Thomas, Miss^ Muriel Atherton, Miss
Ethel Smith, Miss Helen Smith and
Miss Clara Hamilton.
The patronesses of the Fortnlghtlys,
Mesdames Gordon Blanding, Antoine
Borel E. W. Hopkins, Charles Jos
selyn. H. L. Dodge, L. L. Baker and
Monroe Salisbury, have given eight
dances during the season, each of
which was a delightful success. They
scored their two greatest triumphs in
securing E. H. Sheldon and Max Mc-
Nutt to lead at several of their fashion
able dances.
Although Lent Is still two weeks dis
tant, with the final Fortnightly of
Thursday evening the social season
may be said to be virtually closed.
The last meeting of the Friday
Nights was held last evening at Native
Sons' Hall, L. M. Greenway leading
with Mi3s Therese Morgan.
The hall was decorated in the usual
artistic manner the attendants at the
cotillon have learned to expect. Pink
and green, red and White tones were
artfully mingled, and the effect of the
whole was brilliant in the extreme.
Four figures of the cotillon were
danced, and then, supper was served.
After supper general dancing was in
order and was continued until 2 a. in.
The attendance was the largest that
has lent its presence to the Friday
nights this season, and included:
Miss Bessie Ames and Leonard Chenery,
Ml «s C Avers and G. Bates, Miss Muriel
Atherton and G. H. Powers. Miss Bacon
and if. McAfee, Mrs. Benedict and Lleu
tpnint Capps, Leontlne Blakeman and
Lieutenant Gardiner. Miss Sophie Borel
and Lieutenant Robins, Miss Bertie and
Lieutenant Chadbourne, Miss Gertie Car
roll and Lieutenant Wilcox, Miss Ud
wallader and S. H. Boardman, Miss Fran
ces Curry and H. B. Beeder. Miss Sarah
Collier and Harry Poett. Miss Mai Collier
and R P McDonald, Miss Delia David
son and Gerald Rathbone, Miss Bernice
Drown and A. B. Russell Miss Jane Dunn
md Avlett R. Cotton Jr., Miss Pauline
Dunne and J. M. Lewis, kiss Charlotte
Ellenwood and Lawrence Van Winkle,
Miss LilHe Follls and F. A. Greenwood,
Miss Mary Bell Gwln and Joe Tobin, Mjss
Helen Hopkins and P. W. McNear. Miss
Edna Hopkins and Latham McMullen,
Mips May Hoffman and Augustus Taylor,
\lis« Alice Hoffman and Harry Stetson,
Miss Marguerite Jolliffe and Arthur Al
len Ethel Keeney and Charles Fernald,
Miss Florence Josselyn and Mr. Breeze,
Mrs Hutchlns and J. D. Palmer, Mrs.
Mfi'rondrav and A. Macondray. Miss Mac
Mood y and D. Watson, Miss Sallie M4y
n-vrd "and T. Berry, Miss Marie Messer
and Henry Dlbblee, Miss Therese Mnr
rrun nnd E. M. Greenway, Miss Alice
Moffltt ar.d A. J Dlbblee Mrs Percy
Moo'-e and Mr. Moore, Miss Frances
Moore and George Martin, Miss Adelaide
Murnhv nnd W. B. Sanborn, Miss Marie
Ose arid Lieutenant McCully. Miss Ethel
Vatton and Lieutenant Wolff. Miss Ger
tie Palmer and H. W. Crowell, Miss Isa
bel Preston and E. A. Wlltsee. Miss El
lita Redding and Harry Prlncrle. Miss
Mabel Swift and Percy King. Miss Ethel
Smith and George H. Wheaton, Miss
Florence Stone and Stanley Jackson, Miss
Mnllv Thomas and Clarence Follls, Miss
Helen Thomas and W. Denman, Miss
Helen Thornton and Ralph Carr, Miss
Rrmie Wallace and Perry Hayne. Miss
Helen Wagner and H. E. Smith. Miss
Fleanor Woods and Burbank Somers,
Mi?P Marie Wells and Alfred Clement,
Mrs Whlttler and Walter S. Martin.
Mrs' G. P. Ayers. Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs.
T Z Blakeman, Mrs. Antoine Borel,- Mrs.
Bruce, Mrs. R. T. Carroll, Mr. and Mrs.
E. R. Dimond, Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.
Dodge, Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Drown, Dr.
and Mrs. Elllnwood, C. Froelich, Mr. and
Mrs* William Gwin. Mr. and Mrs. George
H. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins,
Mrs. Southard Hoffman, Mrs. Charles M.
Keeney, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent,
George T. Marye, Mr. and Mrs. Avery
McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutch
eon, Mr. and Mrs. Seward McNear, Mrs.
F. L. Moody, Mrs. W. P. Morgan. Mr.
and Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Samuel G. Mur
phy, George A. Newhall. J. B. Crockett.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs. S. C.
Pardee, Mrs. W. H. Pat ton. T. H. Pa
lache, George H. Palmer, Miss Palmer.
Hon. James G. Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. Ira
Pierce, Major Rathbone, Mrs. ET T. Pres
ton, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Redding. Mrs.
Sydney M. Smith. Mrs. Reginald Brooke,
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs.
Crittenden- Thornton. Mr?. Tobln. Baron
and Baroness yon Schroeder. Mrs. George
R. Wells, Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey Wins
low, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mr. and Mrs.
Clinton E. Worden, Mrs. Swift of Boston,
Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Girvin, Mrs. Hamilton
Smith of New York, Miss Congreve and
Miss Canter of New York, Miss Ellis of
Los Angeles, Count Ceni. R. A. Chad wick
of England, Harry Holbrook, E. H. Shel
don, R. G. Hooker, A. D. Keyes, Mrs.
Charles M. Keeney, Mr. and Mrs. C. F.
Cole. Mr. and Mrs. Pickering, A. S. Mac
donald, Lieutenant Noble. J. O'Sulllvan,
F. Reis. Clement Tobln, W. TI. Taylor,
Mrs. W. S. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. R. J.
Wood. Nat T. Wilson. Mrs. G. P. Ayors,
H. B. Houghton, E. N. Bee. F. L. Owen.
Miss Nellie Chabot. W. Northrope Cowles,
Mrs. John E. de Reyter, G. B. de la Tour,
F. J. Grace, R. M. Ever, James Follis,
Jerome Hart and G. E. P. Hall.
JACOB C. JOHNSONS WILL.
An Estate Valued at Over Half a
Million Dollars Bequeathed Rel
atives of the Testator.
The last will of Jacob C. Johnson, a
harness dealer, who came to this coast
in early days, was filed for probate yes
terday. By the terms of the will an es
tate, valued at between $500,000 and
$1,000,000 was bequeathed relatives of the
testator. The specific bequests are as
follows: Eliza Johnson of Newark, N.
J., a widow of the testator's brother.
$2000; Sarah Johnson of New York. $2000;
Maria Phillips, his sister-in-law, of New
ark, N. J., $2000; Maria Kip Orphanage,
$3000; Betsy Valentine, his mother-in-law,
$100,000 (this bequest fails owing to the
o>ath of the legatee); Mary Marthia of
Bellville. N. J., a sister of decedent.
$100,00il; his sister, Anna Johnson, of this
city, $100,000. The residue of the estate
is bequeathed in equal shares to the
nephews and nieces of the testator —
Charles and George Johnson of Newark,
N. J. ; Emilie Horton, Edward Horton.
Harry Coursen, Mortimore Johnson and
George Johnson of Pittsburg, Pa.; Ina
Burnett of New York, Edmund Marthia
of Newark, and Fannie Johnson, Euphe
mia Johnson, Frederick Johnson, Minnie
Korton and Mattie Horton, who are resi
dents of this city.
PROSECUTION
SCORES A POINT
Embezzlement Evidence Vir
tually Admitted in the
Figel Case.
However, Judge Cook Allows tha
Defense to Make Any Objections
Thought Necessary.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the
Judge, jury and counsel in the Figel case
visited the store of Hoffman, Rothchild &
Co., where the shooting occurred on the
evening of June L The trip was made for !
the purpose of viewing the alleged bullet j
hole in the wall in the office which ad- j
Joined the telephone room. The previous
day Officer Russell was to have testified ;
as to the hole in the» wall, but it was de- i
cided to first allow the jury to view the >
premises. After arriving at the store
the party viewed the hole in the wall and
then returned to the courtroom.
It had been agreed that the jury and J
witnesses should be excused until Monday
morning at 10 o'clock. After a short re
cess the argument concerning the admit- {
sion of evidence in the embezzlement
cases was resumed by Judge Murphy.
The argument was based on decisions j
rendered in cases similar to the one now j
at bar, but the defense contended that
the cases referred to brought out the j
vital point that evidence concerning em- !
bezzlements, forgery or robbery was ad- j
mitted in murder cases only where it had
been shown that the deceased had inti
mated that he was aware of either one ,
or the other felonious acts of the ac
cused.
It was further argued that the cvi- ■
dence in the embezzlement cases could
not be admitted to prove a motive for the
destruction of Isaac Hoffman, aa that
destruction did not tend to destroy ihe '
evidence of the crime now charged ,
against the defendant.
"One cannot give evidence," said Gen- ;
eral Barnes, "of an alleged motive where
no corpus delicti is proved and where
no evidence is given to show that the de- :
fendant committed a crime, and it is not i
competent evidence, as no benefit could j
accrue to the accused of the alleged j
murder."
Alter mentioning some facts and inci
dents of the case Judge Cook in conclu- !
sion sajd: "in this case evidence has been
given tending to show a homicide. It has \
been suggested that it might have been a j
suicide, but were a special verdict to be
called for and should such verdict find a
homicide to have been committed by some
one it could not be set aside, as there is
evidence to sunport it. So far the evi
dence shows that it may have been a
homicide and it may have been a suicide, i
The finding of the jury only can deter- i
mine this fact. The weight of that cvi- j
dence is for the jury to determine. Then \
in determining who committed the homi- :
cide the relations of the parties would be ;
clearly relevant. If the prosecution can
prove, as they claim they can, that the
defendant was a defaulter to the firm of
the deceased and to cover up his defalca- i
tions and embezzlements had forged a j
paper which purported to evidence that !
he had paid the amount of such defalca- i
tion to the deceased, there would be the !
strongest motive possible for so sealing i
the lips of the deceased that he could not
dispute the signature to the paper or
deny the receipt of the money. That mo- :
tive, taken in connection with the ability i
of the defendant to have committed the i
crime and the recent ownership by him of
the weapon with which the crime was
committed if proved would tend strongly
to prove his guilt." Many cases were re
ferred to by the judge while giving the
decision on the important issue of the
day's session.
SCORES EDITOR OVERSTREET.
The University Magazine Charged
With a Breach of Faith.
BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— Editor 11. A.
Overst'reet of the University Magazine has
called upon himself the wrath of an un
dergraduate at Berkeley by the an
nouncement In the February number of
the magazine that "none of the stories
submitted in the freshman contest were
of sufficient men to warrant puolica
tion."
The contest referred to was announced
last October, when stories from 1000 to
2000 words were solicited from freshmen.
"The two stories which a board of judges
shall decide to be the best," theannounce
ment read, "will be published in the mag
azine as a special feature of the Febru
ary number." Alexander Gordenker, a
freshman, in a communication in to-day's
Occident, characterizes the action of the
magazine as an "unwarrantable breach
of faith, a fact that must ever remain a
dork stain on the name of college jour
nalism."
Assemblyman Austin Dead.
STOCKTON, Feb. 12.— Charles Austin,
Assemblyman from this county, died at
his home in Farmingrton at an early
hour this morning after an illness of sev
eral weeks duration of pneumonia.
Most Compiexion Powders
have a vulgar glare , but Pozzoni's ia a true
beau tifier , whose effects arc lasting. /
AUCTOLSALES.
Last Day
OF
BASIL H. PAUL'S
BONA-FIDE .
AUCTION
OF
GENUINE OS IP Q
TURKISH SUiUU
TO-DAY
SATURDAY - - - FEBRUARY. 12,
At 2 and 8 p. m., ."it
116 SUTTER STREET,
■ Eetweeu Kc-nrny and Montgomery.
TO-DAY ALL THE LARGE BOUK-
HARA, IRAN, SHIRAZ RUGS
AND CARPETS
WILL BE SOLD OUT FOR ANYTHING.
[CTThls sale is worth your while to attend.
V FRANK BUnERFIELP; Auctioneer.
.
ARE NOT GOING
TO KLONDIKE
Instead a New York : Company
Proposes to Prospect in ,
California.
The Secretary of the State Board o
Trade Receives an Important
Letter.
J. A. Filcher. the secretary of th«
State Board of Trade of California, haa
received r a letter that has brought joy*
to his heart. The letter is from a rich
New York Company, headed by John H.
Harrell, who proposes, instead of going
to the Klondike, to come to California
to prospect for gold and silver.
"You see," said Mr. Filcher, "Califor
nia, with its $20,000,000 annual output of
gold, is still a State of great resources,
and there is yet plenty of the yellow met
al unmined here. When the Klondike,
fever is over there will be another rush
for California."
The letter is from New York, under the
datr#cf February 4, and is signed by John
H. Harrell. That part of it which asks
for information and tells of, the purpose
of the company is as follows:
"Will you kindly give me the names of
any persons owning good gold mining:
claims in your State. I am desirous of
heading an expedition to the coast in
search of gold or silver. We will not
come empty-handed, but with the most
modern equipments ever used in mining.
We will be able to do all that we under
take so far as the money is necessary,
and we will use local labor."
From the general tone of the letter Sec
retary Filcher thinks the combine be
lieves it will be more profitable to come
to California than to go to the Klon
dike. -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ififtCOM 625 UGARKT NT. Established
flß*'_»^__l In IMS-* for tin- treatment of Private
Ml i r\i 5Wr Diseiisrs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
jW m j v g3» disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcoreswheii
,__O__Uk<| others fall. Try him. Charges low
i^uQSfiMb&e ('ure>i;n»rantri>il. Call or write.
- I>r. J. *•- «:RRO.\, Bex 1957. 5a0. Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
nPACIFirCOAsTsfEAMSBiFcor
Steamers leave . Broadway wharf, j»3ga_
Pan Francisco, as follows: SsSBSS*
For ports in Alaska, 10 a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 20,
25. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C.).' Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and]
N.2W Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m.. Feb. 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. .P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m.. Feb. 13, 19. 25, March 3, 9, 15,
21. 27, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. ' Port Harfor.l (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San,
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) 3ndl
Newport. 9 a. m.. Feb. 2. .6.-10. 14, 18. 22. 26.
and 'every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (I^os Angeles). 11
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8.-12. 1«, 20, . 24, . 28. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabc, Mazntlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Ro-
salia pnd.Guaymas (Mex.) 10 r. m.. March 6,
April 3. find 2<l of each month thereafter.
. The company reserves the right to chant"
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnnr* of sn'line.
TICKKT OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery St.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
, -.■•■■:■•.•• ■■ ■■ . . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. i N, CO. v
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF C|2 First Class InchuUnsr Borta
IAHE ,«8 Second CJa«!<. find Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: —
State of California ........Jan. 23, Feb. 1, 12. M
Columbia.. Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27
Through tickets and. through baggaga to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. ■
Superintendent*.* ""
>*833^ /SSSSJfIJWS^ S. S. AUSTRALIA.
4S^^«?jS6ai'iia) f °r HONOLULU only.
& •*>»« S« Thursday, .February
ffflsHsiPUJ>3<S !"• ot 2P- m Special
*SS__||_lj_ for HONOLULU only.
*& Thursday, February
jy 3™3 ™ 17. at 2 p. m. Special
Urt fc^ffir*./ f \ party rates.
lliU The S. S. MARIPOSX
vb&&&GAA™y"V L ;alls via HONOLULU
t!^S^ fn!TW?M-nnrt AUCKLAND foe
(.v- \_il.f/»lii-s SYDNEY. Wednesday.
■. February 23. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN. South Africa. * ' ■ „_„ _ ■ .
J. D. SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., Agent*.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
Compapis General? Transatlantiqtn.
, ." ■ Frcn;h Line to Havre. ..
-■' Company's ■ Pier ' -.me* 1 ;, ;ii North r-r*ftr
River, foot of , : nrton st. Traveler* <Tj__i>
by this line avoid both' transit by ■•*»*'»'**•
English railway end the dijoomfort of crossing
the channel in a email Doat. . New ~ York to
Alexandria. . Egypt, via i'-rls. first class $1(0.
cecond class $116. •• -
LA BRETAGNE D member 11. 19 a. m.
LA GA5C0GNK..:. ...... December IS. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE. ..'...".. December 23,:10 a. m,
LA CHAMPAGNE.... ...... January. 1. 10 a. in.
LA BRETAGNE .....:.. ..January 8, 10 a. in
■ For further particulars apply to ■.•'.
. . A FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yor*.
: J. F. FtTGAZI Si CO.. Agents. 5 iXontgom».-»>
• ave'.. San Francisco. - . . ; '■" ■
"~ : .:- STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.; nt 3
;•- p. m. Daily. - ■• ■
"FREIGHT R_C_l\ t-f TO S:JO P. M.
Accommodations reserved by • telephone. :
! The only line selling through tickets and xtv.
i ing through freight rates to all- point* on tin
| : Valley Railroad. ' !•
! STEAMERS:
T' C WALKER. J. D- PETTSR3.
MART GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Mnin SO5 Cai. Na\-. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose,{ Los Gafos & Santa Cruz
. Steamer Alviso leaves Pier If daily (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally : (Saturdays
' fxeepted) at ' 6 p. : m. . Freight , and Passengers. *
• Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 60c:
to San Jose, 7Rc. r Clay street. Pier L 41 Nort*
■ First street. San Jose. : ;- ■•-. :-;■- .':-..;-■..;■ ".■"; .
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
*^V. ',.->: Steamer " Monticello" . > ?
Will ■ lie '•■ up :to j receive new boiler ,• and ■ general
overhauling i en .. February '■ 1, *, and resume < her
i route on March L HATCH BROa
1112
THE TALENT
KEPT GUESSING
Selling Platers Battled for
the Purses Hung Up
at Emeryville.
Humidity Proved to Be a Very
Fast Two - Year - Old
Filly.
Serena After Her Hard Race of a Few
Days Ago Came Out and Won
Easily — Three Choices First.
There nothing to recommend the
card at Emeryville yesterday. It was
made up almost entirely of selling
events, and the air was full of twisted
reversals, puzzling inshoots and pyro
technical starts. Several horses which
In the past have been racing in a com
atose state, suddenly became imbued
with life, and were "real things" in the
betting. Of the six favorites sent to
the post, three succeeded in landing
purses.
Although his last few races looked
rather poor, Sea Spray was picked out
to win the opening six furlong run. Go
ing to the post at odds of 3 to 1, Conley
kept him back in third position until
well on toward home, when the colored
lad cut loose and got his mount past
the wire a handy winner from McFar
lane, a 15 to 1 shot, ridden by McNlch
ols.
Burns & TVaterhouse turned out a
very fast filly in Humidity in the three
and a half furlong scramble. She is a
bay daughter of Hindoo and Calphur
nia, and has speed to burn. Heavily
played at udds of 4 to 5, she collared
Royal Fan at the paddock and won
rather easily from Ezeil's filly. In :42^
seconds, a cut of one-quarter of a sec
ond off the coast record. Amo-ltopec, a
rank outsider, was third.
Dick Speakman finally got his colt,
Mi'iian, up to a race, and he took the
third event, at six furlongs, very easily.
Backed down from 10 to 5 to 1, Jones
laid away in third position with him
to the stretch, where he gave him his
head, and he downed the favorite, Yule,
with comparative ease.
If Dick Clawson had made his run
sooner with old Roche, there might
have been a different tale to tell about
the mile and a sixteenth selling affair.
As it was, he waited too long, and at
the end was nipped and beaten out by
the 2 to 1 favorite, Serena. Highland
Ball made the running, and finished a
close third.
W. B. Sink had Refugee keyed up to
It the first time out, and in the six fur
long sprint, fifth on the card, he trailed
the speedy Plumeria to- the stretch, and
then assuming the lead won, eased up,
from Lucky Star, a 20 to 1 shot. Amelia
Fonso, the 11 to 5 choice, was lost in
the shuffle.
The final six furlong dash went to
Melvin Burnham, ridden by Conley.
Cochran's entry was a 6 to 1 chance in
the betting, and in a hard drive led
Ravelette past the stand less than a
length. Flandes was a good third.
Track Items.
The entry of Midlan will not be accepted In
future until the question of ownership has been
thoroughly settled. It Is claimed by some that
the colt belongs to Willie Martin, though rac
ing In the name of Dick Speakman.
Don Gara was backed down in the betting in
the first event for a mild "killing," but got
away from the post so badly that all chance
of success was lost then and there.
Humidity, winner of the two-year-old dash,
Is a full sister to the good race mare Mabel
Glenn and the good performer Uungarven, both
turf celebrities some seasons ago.
It might not be out of the regular routine of
things to remind Mr. Ferguson that he Is the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track— B9th day of the Win
\s ter Meeting, Friday, Feb. 11. 1898. Weather fine. Track good.
Index. Horses.
'eight.
6SI Sea Spray, 6 107 I
136 McFariane, 6 107 ; 1
Csl Blue Bell, a 105' 7
MS Charles A, a 107| 2
464 Mahogany, a 107 1 9
661 Stentor. 4 104 10
659 Florimel. i 1021 5
P64 Lillian M, 4 102114
G6l Charmion. a X';" 4
464 Follork, 5 107!13
607 Don Gara. 5 UO ll
564 Durward, 4 KM 6
671 Dlablita. 4 W2 3
6(1 Heritage, 5 107 12
544 Metairf, 5 .107 *
3 h
2 1
1 V 4
4 h
6J4
7 h
10 14
11 2
5 2
13 1
14
9 h
8 %
12 h -
3 2
1 h
2 1
5 h
7 hi
5 Vi
6 Vi
9 1
4 h
11 Vi
12
10 Vi
13
14
1 2
2 h
3 2
.4 2
6 h
C n
7 1
8 V 4
9 2
10 2
11 1
12
13
14
;
I
]
coniey
IMcNlchols ...
Jones
iSpencer
■Gray
H. Brown
H
Cameron
{Holmes
16-5
15
6
8
30
5
10
no
I 100
30
25
100
i 60
3
15
6
10
20
5
8
SO
10
100
12
20
100
5
60
Woods
Kt-rrin
!McDonald ...
Felghery
McCarthy
Clawson
;Gouin
Time, I:ls**. Winner. P. Siebenthaler's b. g. by Imp. Mariner-Maranette.
Won easily.
Good .start.
79.
SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $330.
... Humidity HSI 1
530 Royal Fan US . 3
554 Amoltopec H
f,73 Master Buck 101; 2
ElB Semicolon 106 8
IK Wrinkles 98; 8
654 Rainier 681 7
654 La Conslda 100! 4
... Stone L lllilO
... Toluca 105; 9
:::
2 2%
l Hi
3 1.
4 I*4
6 2
7 h
8 2V4
5 h
9 1
10
1 2V4 'Thorpe
2 3*4 Gray
3 « O'Connor ....
4 2Vi I Clawson
5 2 McCreery .... 1
.6 1 Cameron j
7 n | Woods
8 2 H. Brown ....
912 O'Neil
10 K. Jones !
4-5
3
30
S
30
20
8
10
30
6
4-5
7-2
20
10
30
50
15
20
100
15
Time. :42Vi-
Won easily.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by
Good start.
580.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
555 Mldian 110| 1 ... i n 3 IV4 3 1 1 IV4 |E. Jones S 6
383 Yule 103; 5 ... 6% 5 1 6 Vi 2 Vi iSpencer 3-2 11-5
338 Woodford Filly ....10512 ... 2\ 2 »4 1 \ 3 3Vi Clayton 2 2
667 Socialist 102. 4 ... 3ns 4V» 4 lVii 4 2 Thorpe 4 7
477 Duke of York 11.... 105- 6 ... 6 6 6 5 8 Conley 7 6
454 Glen Ann 105; 3 ... 1% In 2h 6 [McXlchols ...' 40 60
Time. 1:14-34. Winner, R. Speakman's eh. c. by Imp. Mldlothlan-Rosetta. Poor start.
Won easily.
581.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400. *
668 Serena. 5.. Slj 3 3h 4h 5 1 6 2Vi 5 IVi 1 n iGray | .2 2
66S Roche, a 99 1 5 4% 3Vi 44 42 42 2 IV4 !ciawson I 5-2 3
671 Highland Ball. 3...57;4 In 1 2Vj 12% IV$ lh 3h (Holmes 10 20
430 Argentina. 5 107 7 7 5 1 3 1 2Vi 2 IVi 4 4 Conley 4 4
(565) Palomaolta, 5 107 2 6h 6 2V4 7V4 1 H 71 52 Tlinrpe 5 6
662 Mamie G, 5 91 1 2Vi 2V4 2ns 31 3h 66 O'Connor .... 10 7
665 Alvin E, 4 SS 6 6 % 7 1 6 1 6 n 7Vi 7 8 Basslnger .... 40 CO
472 Lorena 11. 6 91 1 8 8 8 8 S 8 8 [McXlchols ...| 20 15
Time, I:4S. Winner, B. J. Johnston's b. m. by Imp. Deceiver-Lucy Lisle. Good start.
Won first three driving.
2.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
:r.
... Refugee. 5 113 i 3
E«5 Lucky Star. 4 101 1 10
382 Midas, 6 110j 1
3SO Sir Rlcliard. a HO! 7
544 Satyr, 4 107 9
402 Tat Murphy, 6 107 a
E2O Amelia Fonso, 5 105| 6
2% Plumeria, 6 1071 2
477 May R, 4 102; 8
571 Spry Lark, S UN *
r»*'»-
2 2Vi
8 1
6 %
10 -
7 H
4 b
0 n
1 h
9
?h
74***.
2 3>,4
8 1,
4 h
7 n
9 %
5 2*4
S Vi
i «4
10
I n
1 1% .
7 2
4 M
5 h
10
6 h
■8 m .
2 2-4
9 1
8 n
|_
1 2 jH. Brown ...
2 ns |McNicholn ...
3 3 jTuberville ...
4 1% IConley
6 IVi [Thorpe
6 % j Clawson
7 4 E. Jones
8 2 Gouln
9 4 J. Woods ....
10 O'Connor |
5 -'■■ 3
12 -20
7-2 9-2
-6 :12
6 8
8 8
3 11-5
12 ' 10
30-30
40 : 13
Time. 1:15.
Winner, W. B. Sink's b. r. by Exlle-Brocken. Good start.
Won easily.
>O SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
lex. Horses. Weight. ; St. Vim. Vfcm. \m. ' Str. Fin. ' Joel
C 55 Melvln Burnham . .lor,; 1
476 Ravelette M 6 7
568 Flandeg 1051 3
417 Little T G 100! 9
441 Lee Kylo 102 10
604 Idomenus I'd. 5
•457 Scintillate 105: 6
54,: Mldrica 105; 2
476 P. A. Finnegan 105JU
564 Kummel 1051 8
642 Contado 10." 4
IM Forst Guard 102:12
200 Epplnger 1101 3
... : 4 h 4Vi '
... Hi 11
81 9 1
... «i 6 m
... 91% 10 %
.."..51 •' 2 %■•"
.... 11% 7 %■•;
... 6 h 6 Vi
... ' ■10 % 11
7h 8 H
2n 3 %
12 8 -12
13 13
■ -1 % Conley .......
2 1 iDevln .........
3h ■ E. Jones .....
■ 4 h ; Cameron ; . . . . .
64 Spencer ...... j
6 2 McN'lchols ...
7Vi W. .Taylor...
8 h Clawson .....
9 4.. McDonald...
10 1 Holmes .......
11 2 Kerrln .......
12 Stevens :.....
13 . J. Woods ....
6 6
10 10
5-2 " 2
20 20
10 : 15
30, 100
15 15
6-5 9-5
-10 . 10
20 40
20 : . 100
126 nSO
20. 50
i.
Time, 1:15%. Winner, J. Cochran's b. c. by Joe Norwood-Sound.
first three driving.
Good start.
Won
possessor of a recall flat, and that It might be
used to protect other horses beaides tho«u of
the Burns & Waterhouse string. Yesterday
when the barrier was released Duke of York,
which had been one of the best behaved horses
at the post In the event In which he started,
was practically left at the post. Conley had
the mount, and the chestnut was at one time
as low as 4 to 1 in the betting:.
It Is to be regretted that Spencer's ride on
Tule ooukl not have been photographed for the
kinetoseope. The rare finish furnished, to
gether with the odds slowly drifting back In
the betting, would have furnished a grand
effect.
Garland Barr, It la now said, came out of
his race on Thursday, in which he carried so
much weight, in good shape, and is expected
to be a much better horse next time out.
It might d>e worth the while of the stewards
of Ingleside track to look at the previous race
of Amoltopec. The nlly was the good thing
for the show yesterday. All should be treated
alike or Pise the unjust suspension of Nolan &
Thall arid W. J. Spiers ought to be removed.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds.
I IS9 Miss Remsen ...100 : 56T Bow and Arrowlo2
r.67 Elidad Vn\ ">7O I>r. Bernays — 102
577 Blarney Stone... 112 i f-36 Valenclenne ....102
516 Chihuahua 104 "-01 Good Friend ...103
(s'«,>Morlnel 105! 4» Ideal 102
(476)Abina 100 < 429 Royal Prlzo ....102
563 Al Koran UB 567 Rio Frio 102
i 463 Y.'atomba 100) <344)Roxey Murphy. .lo2
i 555 Cat aw ba 107; 542 Ordago 105
! 567 Kaiserin W8
i Second Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
' year-olds.
' ."66 Vloris 102' 579 Tolura 107
I Xl Mlio 110 573 Key Hooker 105
■ 530 Odd Eyes 1M j (67J)Salntty 110
! Foxey 107 47!* Magdalenes ....102
! 554 Buena Ventura. 107 1 566 Ellen Wood ....102
' Third Race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-old fillies; Flirtation Handicap; value,
: $1000.
I ... Allle Belle 109] 423 St. Calatine ....107
j (P.WN'apamax lOr. ' (511)Torsida 112
' 476 La Maroma 1091
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
i Gunst Stakes; all ages.
(529)O»tler* Joe 112' (552)Fleur de L 15....109
513 Kin* William... lo4 '577)Libertlne 112
| sf>7 Traverser 04 i
Fifth Race— Two miles; three-year-olds and
upward; Felling.
(575) Marplot 831 556 Collins 101
663 Dick Be"han 104 1 (556) Judge Denny ...105
467 Charlie Relf 92!
Sixth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
j upward. *
j 5T2 Draught 9SI 575 Lincoln II 101
545 Trinee Tyrant.. 91 ! 582 Refugee 103
i f.6!> Flashlight 11l 569 Los Prtetos 88
| 505 Lord Marmlon.. 09 ■ 568 Little Chris ....103
i 442 Paul Griggs 101:
First Race — Chihuahua. Catawba, Good
Friend.
Second Race— Saintly, Odd Eyes. Magdalenes.
Third Race— Torsida, St. Calatine. Napamax.
Fourth Race— Fleur de Lis, Traverser, Ostler
Joe.
Fifth Race— Judge Denny, Collins, Marplot.
Sixth Race— Lincoln 11, Prince Tyrant, Flash
light.
Asthrr.a&Bronchitis cured. No pay till cured. Dr.
Gurd!ns'Pan!tnrium.f.l4Pine,nr. Keamy,S.F..Cal.
Baseball Benefit to Power.
The friends of Tom Power, the popular
and well-known baseball player, will ten
der him a benefit at Central Park to
morrow. The California Markets have
volunteered their services, as also have
some of the leading players In this coun
try.
In the morntng the Acme Cyclers and
Olympic Cyclers will meet on the same
grounds, the proceeds to go to Tom
Power.
The Bay City Wheelmen and the Enein
al Cyclers will play at the Velodrome at
12 o'clock, and at 2:30 the Olympic Wheel
men and the California Cyclers will cross
bats.
At Central Park to-day the college
baseball season will open. A team com
posed of the alumni of Stanford and
Berkeley has been organized, and they
will line" up against Stanford to-day.
Football Between Cadet Teams.
Football teams representing Company
M and Company I of the League of the
Cross Cadets will play the last game of
the cadet series at the Presidio athletic
grounds Sunday afternoon to decide
which club is entitled to second place in
the cadets.
The game will be called at 2:15 p. m.,
and the teams line up as follows: Com
pany M— Sullivan, center; Behan, right
guard; Hornsman, left guard; Clancy,
right tackle; McKenna, left tacklo; She
ble right end; Cashman, left end; Acker
son, quarterback; Grpsty, right half: Mc-
Carron, left half; Ahem, full. Company
I— AVadsworth, center; Nichols, right
guard- Marianis, left guard; Rodenion,
right guard; Hunter, left tackle; Jansen,
right end; Arniot, left end; H. Healey,
quarterback; Tricoulet, right half; \V.
Healey, left half; Jacobs, full.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. *
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
JUSTICE CARROLL
IS IN A BAD FII
J. J. Raver Holds a Chattel
Mortgage on His Fur
niture.
The Man of Interest Has Many
Cases in the Justice
Courts.
Carroll's Wife Gets an Agree
ment for Half of His
Salary.
Apparently the threat of the man
who deposited $250 with Justice Carroll
several months ago to cover judgment
and who has not been able to get
money or judgment 3ince is not the
only trouble in which the Justice is
entangled. Divorce litigation with his
wife looms up in the background, and
an overdue note, secured by a chattel
mortgage, throws its shadow over him.
Back of It all is the ghost of the Grand
Jury.
Justice Carroll is apparently in a
financial "hole," for he is known to be
under obligations to the money brok
ers for than one month's salary, and
the mortgage and his obligation in the
Lichenstein-Murphy matter places him
in a bad plight.
The fine hand of J. J. Raver, the man
of collections and large Interest, ap
pears behind the mortgages. A glance
at the records shows that more than
two years ago Justice Carroll gave his
note to Bier & Regensberger, loaners of
money, for $175, payable in thirty days,
with interest at 5 per cent per month.
The note was secured by a chattel
mortgage on Justice Carroll's furniture
at his residence.
About a month ago the mortgage
was assigned to R. J. Graf, better
known as "Dick" Graf, a nephew of
J. J. Raver, and the manager of his
office. Raver, who is well known to
be the actual holder of the mortgage,
has dozens of cases now pending be
fore Justice Carroll.
Carroll recently had trouble with
his wife, who threatened to obtain a
divorce from him about a year ago,
and the threat was renewed. In order
to settle the matter he held a meeting
with her attorneys and signed an
agreement to pay her regularly half of
his salary of $200 a month.
The latest meeting between Carroll
and the representatives of the man
whose $250 he holds resulted in a sinis
ter threat.
"I'll take $25 for that $250," said the
man. "which shows how much I think
of you. If that is not paid or a judg
ment rendered within thirty days I
will have you before the Grand Jury."
Justice Carroll was said to be out of
town on a quail hunt yesterday.
St. Bernard Dogs Will Show.
Admirers of the noble St. Bernard dog I
will have an opportunity of seeing some
of the high class representatives of local
kennels at Mechanics' Pavilion on Mon
day. The following letter is self-explan
atory:
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: The St. Bernard
Club will hold a show of St. Bernards under
the auspices of the Mining Fair at the Pavilion
on Monday and Tuesday next. All the principal
dous of that bree.l will be shown, Including '
Koxy Savage Taylor, Kegler Jr., Major Me-
Kinley. Diablo. Montana Queen, California
Bute and a score of other prize winners Very
respectfully, j. c. CUTTfcN.
Secretary St. Bprnard Club.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying 1 a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
Insane Woman's Freak.
Mr?. E. Clunan, 3035^2 Sixteenth street,
while laboring under an insane hallucina
tion attempted to throw herself from a
second-story window yesterday. She wai
taken to the Receiving Hospital In the
patrol wagon and locked up in a paddod
cell. She was very violent and it took
two officers to prevent her from throw
ing herself out of the patrol wagon.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J , M 7w M ;. Whltleyto George L. Whitley, un
divided half of lot on X line of California
street, 129:9 W of Webster, XV 25:6 by N 132:1%;
Elizabeth I. Couch to Fannie J. Whltaker
and Nellie R. Couch, lot on%W: line of Ash
bury street. 50 N of Page, X 23 by W 106 3
gift.
Christian E. and Gertrude Steenberg, Daniel
Suter and George Schroder, by Thomas E.
Ryan, commissioner, to Enterprise Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on SW line
of Norfolk (Nevada) street, 357:6 SE of Folsom
SE 25 by S\V 73: $2732.
William H., Grace M. and George S. Crim,
estate of Samuel Crim, by George S. Crlm,
trustee for Samuel M. and William H. Crlm
Jr., to Robert and Lizzie Rennilson, lot on W
line of Bryant street, 160 S of Twenty-second
S 25 by W 100; $1675.
Constant and Catherine Richert to Joseph
and Josephine Niglis, lot on E line of Mason
street, 78:6 S of Filbert, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Elizabeth A. Burke to Augusta Van Zandt,
wife of J. W. Van Zandt. lot on ij line of
Yerba Buena street, 112:6 S of Clay, S 20 by E
SO; $5. ." ,
David I. Mackey, Llllle I. Mullln and Mar
garet I?.. McCormick to John McCormlck, lot
on S line of .Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 W of
Hyde, W. 34:4% by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas P., Ellen M., William P. and J. M.
Carroll and Susan B. Jones to Edward D, Car
roll, re-record 1758 d 251. lot on NE corner of
Sierra and Tennessee streets, E 100 by N 100;
also lot on W line of Valencia street, 162:6 S
of Twenty-fifth, S 36 by W 90; also lot on W
line of Gilbert street, '230 N of Brannan. NW 26
by SW 80; $10.
Minnie, Frank P. and W. L. Givln. Mary
and J. F. March (by F. J. Kierce, commis
sioner) to Mrs. F. M. MeCully, all OL block
856. except city and county lot; also all OL
block 987, except city and county lot; excepting
property In 1612 d 134 iSE corner O street and
Forty-third avenue, S 57:6. N 100. W r>7:G); $607.
Fanny L. Stanley to Joseph Hutchlnson, un
divided half of following: Lot on W line of
Eighteenth avenue, 79:6 N of Q street, N 325,
NW 78:6, SW 827:6, RE 96:3; lot on W line of
Seventeenth avenue, J03:l S of P street S
327:11, NW 240:1. N 328, SE 240:4; also lot on
E line of Seventeenth avenue, 212:10 S of P
street, S 327:10. SE 153:2, NE 327:6, NW 200-11
$lO.
Harry Davis to Marion L. or Marion S
Fuller, lot 1261, grift map t; $10.
Owen Kelly to Amelia Louvau, lot on X line
of Stanley street, 75 W of Bright. W 50 hy N
100. lots 4 and 6, block CO, City Land Associa
tion; $25.
Edward 13. Stnnehill to Sarah J. Stonehlll
lot on SW line of Latdley street. :'7l:<i SE of
Harry, SW IGO, SE 53:3. NE 143. XW 50. lot 6,
block 21, Falrmount: also lot on SW line of
Laldley street, ."46:6 SE of Harry, SW 163 SE
26:9, XE 160. NW 25, lot 6, block 21, Falr
mount: gift.
W. X. and Charlotte Miller to James W.
Hamilton, lot on SW line of Berlin street I*s
XW of Wayland, NW 75 by SW 120. lots 12
IS ami 1?. block 20, as per "map lUs on Uni
versity Mound survey; $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Maggie
G. Dowllnp, lots 46 and 47, block 130 Sunny
side Addition Xo. 1; $10.
Susie E. and Thomas T. Pottlnirer to Henry
rind Herman Peters, lot on E line of South
P.roderick street. Sl:l N of Fourteenth X "5
hy E 86:3, block C. Pnrk Hill Homestead; $10
Vernon Park. Oaklnnd annex: $10.
Alameda County.
Central Land Company to Edna F. Beckett
lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street, IGO W of
Grove, W SO by S 120:3. block (\ property of
Central Land Company, Oakland: $10
Hannah Kellum to Alfred W. Burrell lot on
X line of Walton rtreet, 431 W of Telegraph
avenue. X 120 by W 80, being lot 30, block P.
Brown tract, Oakland; $2000.
Phillips Fuchs to Patrick O'Bryan. lot on W
line of Center street, 72 S of West Fourteenth
S 33 by W 100, block 580, Peralta and Center
street lands. Oakland; $10.
W. H. Cornell to Albert L. Wolfe, tot on N
line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street. 199 W of
Telegraph avenue. W 16 by X 119:10, being a
portion of Brown tract (subject to a mortiratre
for $400), Oakland; $10. ■ "-"gage
John and Emma V. Marshall to H. S and
Gerald C. Cunningham, lot on SE corner of
Euclid avenue and Adams street, j? 40 E 144 65
X 70.20. W 149.91 to beplnnlns, block 1, map' of
subdivision 1, Adams Point property, Oakland;
Patrick and Man- O'Bryan to Phillipp Fuehi
lot on S line of Summer street. 160 E from SE
line of Claremont avenue, thence SW 120 SE to
center of Temescal Creek, XE to S line of
Summer street, W 70:9 to beginning, block A,
Vernon Park; $10.
T. B. and Annie Draper, J. V. Jeffress. A.
Marie and E. Tyrell and W. W. Stomberg (by
commissioner) to Lester A. Pelton, lots 1 and
2, block E, Corrected Map of subdivision blocks
1> and E, Champion Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Katie Lane to Gordon E. Parker, lot on E
line of Bryant street, 634 N of East Fourteenth,
N 50 by E 146, being lots 41 and 42, block A,
Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph and Jane Brandenstein to Mary T.
Vvilson, lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and
Benton street, R 49:4 U. S WO, W 41.22, N 100:2^4,
to beginning, Alameda; $10.
Alexander and Mary E. P. Johnson to Felix
Marcuse, lot on SW line of Blanding avenue,
3-0. bVj SE of Everett street, SE 22:6 by SW
100, block 4, Jenks and Mead Homestead Tract,
Alameda; $10.
Minerva J. Sweeney to C. A. Gore, lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street, 66:S W of Filbert.
V\ 33:4 by N 101. block X, Northern Extension
to Oakland, Oakland; $10.
Charles T. and C. Downing to D. C. and
Virginia D. Wilhelm, lot on S line of Twenty
seventh or Park street, 22:6 \V of West. W 45
by S 85. block 2020, Whitcher Tract, Map 2,
Oakland; $10.
Adelaide A. James (administratrix estate
Emma E. James) to Mary Hammerly, lot on
SE line of Cameron street, lOu NE of Jackson,
NE 25 by SE 100. East Oakland; $300.
Same to Teresa Ford, lot on SE line of
Cameron street, 125 NE of Jackson, NE 25 by
SE 100, East Oakland: $375.
M. Queeney to Kimball G. ttaston, lot on
Nw line of Howe street, 125 SW of Amethyst,
NW 130.-S, SW 60:8. SW 181:1, NE 60 to begin
ning, being lots 5 and 6, block C, Thermal
Hill, formerly the Howe tract. Oakland An
nex; also lot on NW corner of Grove and So
noma streets, W 113.84 by N 90, being lots 16
and 17, hlock S, Alpine tract, Oakland An
nex; $10.
Joseph and Emma S. Relnhardt to George
T. Wright, lot 2. block I, Klinknerville tract.
Oakland Township; $10.
Mary Hammerly to Franlc T. and Amelia L.
Gerst, lot on SE line of Cameron street, 100
NE of Jackson, NE 25 by PE 100, being por
tion of Ghirardelli tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Webster. N V ID B Suydor. N T
J R Ludgren, Chicago |L S Wilcox, Champume
G F Klemberger, N YiMrs Wilcox, Champgn
F H Buck, Vacaville CII Taylor, Boston
W H Sears, N V Mrs C H Taylor, Bostn
E M Sanky, Manitoba Mlra E Taylor, Boston
Count Lederbury, Aus iMlss G Taylor, Boston
Count Colloredo, Aus If B Bernall, Boston
P Taylor ,Jr, Wash iMrs G B Bernall, Minn
J J Danona, Phlla J F Kelly, Reading
C Taylor, New York Mrs J F Kelly, Readng
X C Lockwood, Phila J X Goodrich, Pa
Miss M Luick, X V Mrs J X Goodrlch. Pa
Miss L V Cooper, Ind J A Sach. Washington
\V C Wyman. Chicago 8 F Haywanl. N V
\V H Bailey, Louisville C N Davidson. B C
Mrs \Y Bailey, Louisv! Mr* C N Davidson, BC
G \V Peltier. Sacto E F Botsford & w. NY
Mrs G W Peltier, Sacto J Ladue & w, N V
H P Stebbins. N V A E Miller, Evansville
Mrs H P Stebbins, NY C H Kraft. Salt Lake
M H Hortogh, N V ;Miss A ll.>fer, Chicago
1 C Bass, Berkeley |Miss H M Roe, Chicago
\V H Cooper, Berkeley Mrs O Zimmerman, 11.
H Auger. London M R Engel & w, N V
F Dia*.. New York F F Rogers. Stanford
E 'Mirk, New York Mrs L Harney. Englnd
T E Brettlnßham, Wle >'• B Ptoddard, Chiega
Mrs Brettingham, Wls C P Montgomery, 111
1 M llixon, La Crosse I A Gatly, Victoria
GRAND HOTEL.
J T Orne. Phoenix !Mrs J E Avery, Sacto
E H Brandt. I, Ang Mrs F P Krebs. Sacto
L B Hornbeck. Cal R E Spargus & w, Cal
P Hutchinson. Cal IE D Starbuck & w,
W II Kinney, Chicago: Stanford
T C Snider, Sacto >T E Lyons. Wls
W H Smith, Chicago iE J Hill. Eureka
R M Swain, S Rosa Mrs C M Brown. Cal
W Murray, Pleasantn I) Alexander, Chicago
A Arnold, Oaktiale lW C Potts, w & <1, Cal
J C Skiff. St Louie A Rozanoff, Wash
Mrs E J Sanford, N Y'J M Peck. Chicago
Miss M Sanford, N TIE A Muth. Seattle
J N Woods & w, Cal iMlss Bernard , Saoto
R White. Chico W X Belt. Chicago
Mrs A Barker. Port Id \v T Miller, Willows
S T Hayward. N V H B Muir. Ukiah
Z T Vauphn. N V 1, J Mnddox. Modesto
Mrs Uorner. S Jose L W Fulketh, Cal
E Berwick, Pacific G C M Mage, Modesto
Mrs C E Rood, Cal IM Wallace, Yosemlte
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A W Dingwall, Cal |R V Davis, S Jose
T Shea, Cal I. i> S>kos, N* V
A E Irvine, Cal J McCudden, Vallelo
L X G Smith, Portlnd Mlsa McCudden, Cal
L E Winne, X V ! A J Wright. Chicago
B F Markham. T S N 1 Schilling. St Louis
P Bush & w, Chicago Mis? Hamilton, S Jose
C T HirfOiall, Cal Mrs C B Tennyson
B R Phillips. Stockton R Jose
T M Baker & w. NY T Long-more. Cal
W G Drown. Angela CL 3 Smith, Phila
M Goldsmith. Chicago I J r^tton. MarysvtHe
J E Bird. Vancouver C W Tompklns & w
C P Montgomery. ChjjO X V
NEW WESTEUX HOTEL,.
S Gordon, Bonldln I?! .T Brown, S Jose
C E I^owe, P Robles M B Sanderson". Cal
W S Crawford & w, .T Van Dorn. Vallejo
El Paso M Peterson. Riverside
H D Stnl'ey & f. 11l R Berrlngton. Cal
W H Seetey, Alamo C r Oreen, Panama
H T Brl!"-oe. Stockton G W Burd. Panama
W Va-^iergraft. Stktn D Doyle & w. Xcv
W Chirm. A'allejo |A D Swan. Chicago
W Barley. Sacto ]j W Fry, Spoknne
G W Slack. Cal lW J Gibbons, Denver
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 oVlock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICER— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Cl*y; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3*3 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
l!'4i Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until '.i o'clock.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2520 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until P:3O o'clock.
N. Wi corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
LARKIN, 111—8 p. m., Mr. Simpson lectures,
Mrs. Wren, tests free. ;j
—^^^?!!?^!f^ — ™ — —^*^^
BIKKTIXG NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, vs\Blili(Sfc,
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting =3i5»53»J&
THIS EVENING. Second deer.* -^SP^
will be conferred. -'■ •'*««<«'**
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
RIGGERS and Stevedores' U. A.— All members
are hereby notified to assemble at their hall
at S:3O a. m. THIS DAY. to attend the fu-
neral of our late employer, CAPTAIN
THOMAS YOUNG. By order
A. CAMPBELL, President.
M. J. MORAN. Sec. P. T.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; te!. 5080.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, medium and mag-
netic healer, charms. I2OVs Geary at., rooms
2 and 3.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; else-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS papered from $2 50, and whitened from
SI up. 239 Third st. and 2SOS Twenty-fourth.
MRS. STEWERT,. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
ROOM-RENTING Bureau, . room 24, Flood
building, corner of Fourth st.
MME. H.ANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.:
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share) of
mi Hu tchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
32i Market st., on and after Monday Feb-
ruary 21, IS9S. Transfer books will close, on
Tuesday, February 15, ISfiS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. ■ Secretary. '"
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN, Scandinavian ' and Irish first-class
servants furnished promptly by J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Irish woman desires situation In
a first-class Jewish family; best city refer-
ences. MISS CIJLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES wanting- houseijirls,/ maids, " second
Blrls. nurseglrls, cooks, apply . at Ladles'
Exchange, 1023 j Market.
AMERICAN lady of some refinement would
like a position as housekeeper; is reliable
and fully capable of taking entire charge or
lodging-house. Address Housekeeper, 106
Eddy st. ; room 7. *
ANTED — A position by a competent woman
to do general housework; no objection to a
short distance ; In the ■ country. ; Call ■ at 308
Minna St.. third: floor.
EXPERIENCED arrssmaker desires to go out
at $1 25 per day: dresses made at home. Call
or address MRS. FLOHR, 1835 Howard St.,
near Filteenth.
YOUNG girl nf experience desires position in
small Protestant family to do general house-
work and plain cooking; $15. Address K. M..
2:.2G Mission st.
REFINED girl wants light housework in small
family for good home and low wages; refer-
ence. MARY FOSTER, 2S Hickory aye.
YOUNG lady wishes a position to do light
housework for two in family; references
given. Call or address 1275 Clay st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation; up-
stairs work and wait on table; reference.
1022 Larkln st.
V OMAN wishes a situation, housework; Bleep
home. Call 1229 Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN for housework or cooking; ref.; city
or short distance In country. 714 Point Lobos.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St.. room 1.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes a place
in a saloon as lunch cook. Address 121S Fol-
som st.
CAPABLE American woman wishes situation
as working housekeeper or as cook for men
on ranch; references. 13 Liberty St., near
Valencia.
FRENCH nurse: experienced with young chil-
dren. Apply 21161,2 Van Ness aye.
: REFINED young girl wishes to assist in light
housework. Call 735 Harrison st.
WOMAN wishes position to cooking and gen-
eral housework. 27S Minna st.
SINGLE woman, first-class cook, wishes place
as housekeeper or cook. 1030 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS cook and help, understands all
klnd3 of cooking, English French or Ger-
man; does all kinds pastry; wishes situation.
704 Bryant St.
ELDERLY lady, experienced in the care of
children, good cook, wishes position. Box
1047, Call office.
RESPECTAP.LE woman wants a situation as
child' 8 nurse; understands full charge of
children. 636% Jessie st.
POSITION as housekeeper by refined lady.
Call from 4 to 8 p. m. at 118 Grant aye., r. 7.
WILLING young lady wishes a position for
upstairs work and sewing. Apply Prescott
Houee, cor. Pacific and Kearny sts.
YOUNG girl wishes situation light house-
work or care of children under 2 years. Ap-
ply. 1816 Post St., lower bell.
SITUATION wanted as stenographer by young
lady. Inquire 1510 Harrison M.
YOUNG woman wants employment by day,
week or month; not afraid of work. Address
or call at 1165 Howard st.
SITUATIONS WA.NTfcJIJ— MALU,
FARMERS, coachmen, cooks and all kinds of
mechanics furnished at snort notice by ap-
plying to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employment Office;
house cleaning; tel. Grant 56. GEO. AOKI,
30 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
_tel^ Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
_beBtjielp. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
Office. P4M California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
_ hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 805.
YOUNG man and wife woul.l like a situation
at the mines, sawmill or raacft; wife pood
cook; man fair machinist and Kood team-
ster; best of reference f urn Ismail. For a good
' reliable couple call or address J. A. ROB-
JERTSOX, Coe aye.. San Jose, Cal.
MARRIED couple, German, wa.nt work on
farm, orchard or vineyard: long experience
and wages reasonable; references. Address
B. R, box 1073, Call office,
JAPANESE, young boy, understanding cook-
ing snrl waiting at the table, wants situation
in good family; city or country. PETER,
IW9 Fillmore street.
PRINTER, country, $5 per month and found,
or $10. Address Printer. 758 Sixteenth st..
Oakland.
YOUNG married ' man wants position as de-
livery wagon driver. Box 1071, Call office.
YOUNG man with first-class reference wi«h*s
In stable or as teamster. 80x1072, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man, 20; good
caller-out and experienced on road in view
photography: desires to travel with good
man who has view outfit for the road. Box
K>6B. Call office.
YOUNG married man, speaking French and
English, wants employment of any kind:
clerk, porter or Janitor; wholesale or retail
store; references. Box 1062. Call office.
GOOD French. Italian and American cook
wishes a position in a restaurant; good
workman and kitchen manager; best refer-
ence. 211% Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook, speaks good
• English, wants position to do cooking and
general housework. Address D. 0., box 5,
Call office. Oakland.
DRUGS — Thorough, practical graduate of
Philadelphia College of Ph.; 2S; single; Ger-
man; best of references. Box 1065. Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes situation as watch-
man or uny kind of steady work; is a good
teamster. Address box 1C67. Call office.
CHEF cook with his complete crew, wants
work; first-class place only: city or country.
Box M 57, Call office.
TOONS man wants Job as porter or any kind
of work; willing to make himself penerally
useful. Address S.. box 14. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a job as milk wagon
driver or milker. Address O. 8., 35 Eddy st.
BY an American man and wife, to take full
charge of r mechanics' boarding house;
country preferred: references furnished. Ad-
dress W. H. WRIGHT, 803 Railroad aye.,
Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family: good references. Ad-
dress box 794. Call office.
YOUNG, sober. Industrious Swede wants
work around family place; care of horses and
drive; references. Address H. H., 1434
Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS waiter, Japanese, wants place
in city or country; best references. Address
K. HOSHINO, 121 Haight st.
BOOKKEEPER— Thorough experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references. Box 1041, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS family cook (Chinese) wishes
situation. Address 905 Dupont st.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants a situation. Ad-
dress box 1035. Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread wishes situa-
tion. Address 1009 Powell st.
YOUNG man, living at home, desirous of at-
tending business college, wants employment
mornings and evenings or afternoons; refer-
ences. Address C. J., Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, well accustomed to care
of good horses, carriages or cows for private
family, wishes position; references. Address
C. R. C. 709 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS landscape gardener now ready
for engagement; private or grow flowers for
market; best references. Gardener, box 11,
Call office. Oakland.
.BSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees: bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024. Call office.
BAKER, reliable and well experienced, wishes
situation. Box 1026, Call office.
MAN and wife want position in boarding-
house or hotel: man first-ciass cook; wile
good housekeeper; city or country. 314 Minna
st. ; upstairs.
GERMAN, middle-age, mechanic by trade,
handy with tools, speaks English well, wants
any situation. Box 983, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work: city or country: understands care of
horses, cows, garden; furnish reference. Ad-
dress J. ALLAN MACDONALD, 214 Third St.
RELIABLE find, experienced German wants
situation, private family, as coachman and
gnrdener; thoroughly understands care horses,
gardening, milking; strictly temperate; good
references; city, Alameda or Oakland. Ad-
dress Box 936. Call.
RELIABLE man of experience (German) wants
Situation in private family as coachman and
pard'nfr: thoroughly understands care of
horses, gardening &pd milking: strictly tem-
perate; good references. Address box SS9,
Call office.
TRAVELING man wants position; steady and
hard worker: can keep books: best city ref-
erences: familiar with machinery and hard-
ware. Box S9O. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c to $150 night; $150 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; frae 'bus
and bagirnge to and from feny.
FEMALE HELP WAXTED.
WANTED— 2 German cooks. $30 and $25; sec-
ond girl. $20; waitress, boarding-house, $20;
girl, country, $26; cook and housework, two
npfks. •$« a wfck; young girls t;> assist. $10
and $12. LEON ANDRE. 30S Stockton St.
HOUSEKEEPER, $15; girl, Pine, 3 in family.
J2O; prlrl. Oakland. $15; girl, Pan Rnfael. $20,
girl. Fell. $1.1; girl. Yallejo, $20, see party
here: girl. Broderick. $20; girl. Baker, $20;
girl, O'Farrell. $17 50; girl. Niles Canyon, see
party hero: girl. Ilollis. $1.1; 3 girls. McAllis-
ter, $15 to $20; girl. Aubbury, $13; girl, Ross
Valley, $25. see party here; girl, Page, $20;
girl, Sauealito. $20. see party here; girl, Eddy,
$25; girl, Merced. $20; girl, Powell, $20; girls
for Alameda, S2O to $25; girl. Clay, $20; girl,
Washington, 525; pirl. Franklin, $25; 13 Ger-
man, 12 Swedish and .1 Danish girls. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market St.
SECOND girl, $20; 3 nursegirls; family cook,
$30; family cook, $25. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market St.
4 CHAMBERMAIDS and wait some, $1.1 to $20
and room; 5 girls for kitchen work. $10 to $15
and room: 2 girls, general work in small ho-
tel, $30 and room; woman to work in bakery,
$18 and room; 6 waitresses, $15 to $20 and
room; waitress, $6 a week; 4 girls, small
restaurants, $3 to $4 a week. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st.
FARE paid for cook to go short distance in
the country, American family, $25; woman
with a child to cook on ranch, $20; laundress,
$20. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
GOOD operators on power machines; taught
how to moke wrappers. STENER. 416^ Ellis.
HELP WAKIJ2-D— Continued.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses. $6 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
MORE waitresses, south, $20; arm waitress.
San Jose. $25; 2 waitresses, same hotel,
Fresno, $20: 4 waitresses, $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 106 Geary st.
HOUSE girTsTsi2~to $25. C. R. HANSEN~&
CO., 108 Geary st.
WOMAN 2 or 3 days a week for cleaning, $1 a
day and car fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st. •
NURSE, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, assist bakery, $18. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, $30; second girl, $15. MISS
<VLLI-;N, "■::. Sutter St.
GIRL as companion and light housework, $10.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut- I
ter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
5 GERMAN. Scandinavian, French and Irish
second girls. $20 and $25: 6 cooks. German
style. $25 and $30; laundress, country hotel,
$20; 5 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20,
$6 and $7 week; and a great many girls for
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter St. i
GERMAN girl to assist in housework; small
family; wages $10. Call at 1525% O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call 23
Hollis st.
YOUNG girt to assist with light housework,
I" per month. 101SA Capp st.
PLEASANT little girl, 13 or 14 years. Call
after S a. m. 544 Third st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. 834
Turk St., near Gough.
WANTED— A governess to go to Mexico; one
versed in foreign languages; $100 a month, all
expenses paid. Apply to MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st.
GOOD home, moderate wages, two in family,
for girl (orphan preferred) or middle-aged
woman, to do housework In Berkeley. Ad-
dress box 1066, Call office.
NURSE girl wanted at 910 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Young girl to learn dressmaking.
Apply MADAME RICHEY, 2116% Van Ness.
SKIRT hands; experienced, suit saleslady. Ap-
ply the Black Goods House, 1106 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. Apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m.. 2431 Folsom
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; German preferred. 1830 Eddy.
GOOD woman or girl to take care of child
2 years old. 25 West Eapt st.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEVI. STRAUSS & CO.. 32U Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levi Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARK IN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
REMOVED again— Dr. Wise, the ladles' spec-
ialist, to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc.
MALE HELP WAI.TED.
WANTED — 5 men to clear land, $1 a day, see
boss here: man handy with tools, $25; cook,
boarding house, $45: cook, $30; waiter, $25 to
$30, etc. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton st.
TWO neat, first-class waiters. Eastern men
preferred. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S
Geary pt.
SHAMPOOER for a Turkish bath. C r!
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
KITCHEN hand. $20: dishwasher. $20: for an
Institution. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary.
VEGETABLE gardener who can milk a few
cows, country, $25 and found, see boas here
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
JAPANESE to do cleaning, city. $4 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
FRY cook, French or Alsatian preferred, for
first-class country hotel, $50 and free fare;
head cook, restaurant, $S0; fry cook, coun-
try restaurant, $13 a week: baker and pastry
cook, small country hotel. $30: dishwasher,
_$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp blacksmith who can sharpen
tcol^i. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 10S Geary St.
5 SCANDINAVIAN laborers for railroad work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
MARRIED ■ II
2- r . families to cut 4-foot pine wood, 4-foot
redwood, $1 cord, good cabin to live in and
. near school house. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk city job; 2 boys to work in
bakeries. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WE WANT r-
To ship 25 men to cut stove wood. $1 23 cord,
steady job. fare $1 SO; also 36 woodchoppers.
different places. MURRAY & READY, 634-
C 36 Clay st.
86 TIEMAKERS, Sc, 9c and 10c each. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
ARPKNTKRS. married men; 2 farm hands.
$25; American farm hand and drive milk
wagon. $20 and found; choreman for private
family. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
BOYS
3 chorebovs to work on ranches: 2 boys to
wfirk in bakeries. MURRAY & READY. 634-
C3fi Clay st.
WANTED— Engineer for hoisting works, $2 50
day; 4 timbermen for mine. $2 TO day; clerk
for grocery. $S week: 10 laborers, $175 day;
vetrMnble pnrdener, $25 to $30, sec boss here;
quartz miners, $3 day; 20 woodchoppers, $1 25
cord; ten tiemakers. 8c to 10c; farmer and
wife. $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— SO coal miners, must understand
pitch vein, see boss in city; office fees $1,
long job. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class second cook and broiler,
$45; fourth cook for restaurant. $9; assistant
butler, $30; restaurant waiter, $10 week. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
1 mento St.
; WAITER, country. $25 and room; waiter, city,
$20 and room; 3 waiters, $5, $6 and $7 a week;
waiter, city. $30 and room. MARTIN & CO.,
74!) Market St.
; 25 MORE tiemakers. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
COOK'S helper, $6 a week. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
1 THE Clerk's Exchange, 313 Bush 6t., will not
under any circumstances or for any consid-
eration promise or guarantee situations. The
fees paid are exclusively for advertising and
membership privileges and are good for one
year. We particularly request all those in-
terested before paying fees to Investigate
this system. We have booked 500 orders from
leadinpr business houses for help against a
membership of 300. We employ five city
canvassers under bonds. We report the result
gf their work daily. The highest fees charged
do not exceed 10 cents per week: as one por-
tion of the fee is contingent and we being
liable to refund 60 per cent if we do not
succeed, members are fully protected. Cata-
logues, fully explaining mailed on receipt of
stamps.
DREPSGOODS salesman: domestic goods clerk;
furnishing goods clerk; window dresser; ex-
perienced lubricating oil salesman: manager
for new advertising medium; trade cata-
logues. 313 Bush; interviews at once.
; TRAVELING salesman; office manager; book-
keeper and cashier, with references. 1023
Market st.
TICKET agent; one of the best paying posi-
tions ever offered. 1023 Market St.
WANTED— First-class hatmakerl office boy;
cook; gardener. 1023 Market st.
MAN and wife to work on a farm; good home:
salary $25 per month. Apply JOHN NOR-
GROVE. 12 Geary st.
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
GOOD, steady finishers on pants. 560 Fourth.
GOOD barber wanted at 53 Fifth st.
BARBER at 252 Ellis st. Sunday.
BARBER wanted at 302 Vi Fourth st.
; BARBER for Saturday. 40S-i Dupont st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 605 Broad-
way.
JEWELRY traveler as a side line on commit
Bion. Box 1063, Call office.
WANTED— Boy acquainted with hardware
business. Address box 1053, Call office.
WANTED— Young man to learn artistic and
well paying trade; must have fair handwrit-
ing; a rare opportunity. HAMILTON, box
WANTED— Press machinist; one who has had
wide experience on cylinder presses. Apply at
once at 216 Bay st.
WANTED— IOO ship carpenters; good wages'
steady work. Hale & Hern Contract Com-
pany, Portland, Or.
$200— BARBER shop, 2 chairs; 3 living rooms
good location; going to Alaska. 321 San
Pablo aye.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knoir
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 lars*
rooms: 260 per night; $1 to J3 per week.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
I 21 and 30 years, who- are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s>:ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Jnches and fi feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st.. San Franclrco. Cal.
WAITER wanted at Manhattan House, 825
Battery st.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
In city. Apply at "67 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions — 50 ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation. Washington. D. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. :>(l4 Davis st., near Jackson.
wTnOTTESTER House. 44 Tnird St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
BARBERS' Associntion Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MA.RKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. filS— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. >63H (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25*
to 50c Bight: $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM. 225 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c pc»
night: 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
Ft., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c pef
night: GOc, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Th« Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS "WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to canvass the best gas lamp
in the market. Daylight Gas Lamp Co., ms
Market Ft.
. : FURNITIJJUE WAITED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion tt. : tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : hlsrh»*t jvlo«>s paid. Tel. Davis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO. (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register)?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY CO...JOSC McAllister.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GERMAN lady wants room and board in a
respectable family: $2 50 per week. 33 Dor-
land St., near Guerrero.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PARTIES having steam, gasoline or electric
launches for sale please communicate with
C. F. SCHERMERHORN CO., Honolulu, H.
I. : give length, capacity, speed, other very
complete Information.
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street. . . ■
WANTED— S2O,OOO; centrally located property:
assets $50,000. .- T. W. WOODWORTH. 108
South Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 103 Montgomery st.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves,
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market St.
SECOND-HAND clothing, aresses, sealskin*,
wanted: best prices: send postal. 10V3 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— Old gold. r?i'.ver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $3; painless extraction; see
our combination- plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty: teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns
$3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: palnlesa
dentistry; nr> shock; painless extraction a
positive" fact: full set of tefth. $". up; silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, S3 LO up; your
teeth put In without a plate* open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 635.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates. $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver. 25c up;
plates mended. $1 up: special inducements
to Klondikers: open evenings and Sundays.
SC3 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 5iV;
plates. $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended. $1 up: open evenings and Sun-
day*. %9 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 0 to 20 O'Farrell.
$S—FULL5 — FULL set of teeth: best make; kept in
repair: extracting free: fillings. ."Or: crowns.
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-CO7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J
W. KEY. IS2O Market Ft.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market St.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
I.OST.
ONE piece rough granite, with beveled face
polished; reward. G. W. EMMONS, 212 Cali-
fornia st.
STRAYED— From 312 Capp St., half-breed
mastiff pup. Reward by returning same at
above address.
STOLEN— From Swanson. Bay View. S. S. F..
bay mare; 15 hands high, very long tail and
mane; lame in left hind ankle (or hip); par-
ties receiving or having same in possession
will be vigorously prosecuted. Return to W.
F. C. 1122 York St., city.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Say-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, la
the name of LENA ROSAIA. No. MS. 4*.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Greyhound pup; white, with black spot
on right ear. Return to 259 Precita aye. and
receive reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of FRANCES BOWES. Xo. 205.496. The
finder will please return to bank.
GOOD safe for sale cheap. 402 Third st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
Fu v )Scriptions and want ads taken.
TEAS^
TEAS,
to, 25, 30, 86, 4". .'0 per pound,
COFFEES.
10, 15. 20. 25. 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10. 15. 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TC
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GPVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLBB,
MUSIC BOXES.
ATR RIFLES
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
CAIIPET CLEAMXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN'S, Mgr.'
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN'O'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
6TRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpei-cleanins, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Ooldaa
Gate aye.; telephone East 126-business CHANCES.
♦ STATUAXT and chop house; best lo-
cattoa. opposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
ing l i usli tea; meals 20c and above; low rent;
a rare chance and great sacrifice; owner has
to l<av e for Europe at once. WILKE, 753
Market St.
; OARDINQ and livery stable. 1 block
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses. 2 buggies,
wp.fions, etc: rent $50; goad-paying busi-
ness. See WILKE. 753 Market St.
j: ( First-class branch bakery, candy and no-
tf.-n store; 5 splendid living-rooms; rent $1C;
this Is a bargain. WILKE, 753 Market St.
jIfP— CIGAR-STAND on Fourth, st.: this is the
lest bargain in city; no rent. WILKE. * 783
Market st.
,a CORNER saloon established many years In
the very choicest location; average dally re-
ceipts about $45; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE. 753 Mar-
ket st.
— THE best paying corner saloon on water
front; rent $20; a very good paying place;
owner keeps another businesss and must sac-
rlflce. WILKE. 783 Market st. .
$300— RESTAURANT, principal street, central,
near Market, using 7 to S^ cans milk daily;
receipts $43 to $47; owner there for years and
retiring; hard to match this offer;, impossible
to beat it; trial given. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$450— BAKERY, principal street; baking 2 bar-
rels dally: mostly store trade; horse and
wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$250— COFFEE parlor and home bakery; cozy
place with good trade; 3 living rooms; rent
- $15; owner there .4 - years. M. LESS, 765
Market.
$450- FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; principal
street; Al business: 4 furnished rooms and
piano; rent only $15; this place is given
away: call, see and be convinced. M. LESS
765 Market.
RESTAURANT: splendidly fitted up; in
one of best locations of city; big transient
and regular trade: an "Al" offer; must be
seen to be appreciated; trial. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
BUSINESS men are invited to examine into an
old - established manufacturing concern:
stock and plant complete; will easily invoice
over $2000; is offered for sate for less .than
Invoice value: technical knowledge not re-
quired: any one of ordinary business ability
can manage the concern: satisfactory reasons
for selling. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
Coffee saloon I and chophouse: principal
streets: central: neat place: monthly receipts
from $900 to $1800; trial. M. LESS. 763 Market.
$5000— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
lof staple good?; trade entirely ■wholesale: in-
coming partner will be required to keep books
of the firm, receive all moneys and make all
payments; responsible business man required.
CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st. '
$100« — COFFEE and chop house; receipts daily
$S0: going to Klondike cause of sale. CUR-
RAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay $60 per month to each yearly. CUR-
RAX & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$200— SALOON: bargain this day; leaving foi
Klondike. CURRANT & CO.. 30 Kearny st
$1100— BUTCHER shop; going to Klondike
cause of sale. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny.
Restaurant: best bargain in the city;
must sell. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$150— LADIES' dressmaking and tailoring
business. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. removed to 90*
Market St., room 16, will sell or exchange
business quick for cash; partners negotiated.
Corner grocery and bar. best locality.... sl.6oC
Wood, coal, feed store; good bargain. 1.20 C
Lodging house, 14 rooms: best location.. 500
Wood, coal yard and stalls to let: fine.. 25C
And other bargains. ARMSTRONG & CO.
$1200— WOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain.
• $700 — Saloon, best location in city.
$300— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125 — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
.. ANDERSON & v.I.NX 777 Market st.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the Russ House, rooms 64 and 65; he has
pisiness for sale; free gold property, rooming
nouses, groceries and saloons. Come see Wan.
Print your pisiness with you. sell or buy.
WAN PELT.
$125 WILL buy a good barber business in god
location; rent cheap. Box 1069. Call.
S4SO— CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny st s.
ROOMING house. 20 rooms; all occupied; pay-
ing business: must sell on account of sick-
ness. ?fis Tehama st.. near Fourth.
WANTED— Coffee saloon or chop house: who!
- sale district preferred; no agents. Box 1064,
Osll office.
ESTARLISHED tailoring business for sale
cbea p. .. .CH A XLES .VATIU.V, 27 Post «t. ; *
SACRAMENTO. 2COOVs — Plumbing business;
also horse and w,agon: cheap.
PARTNER with $300: sure thing to make
money. Box 10S6, Call office.
SALOOX for rale ch»ap. Inquire' liquor store
795 Mission st. ■"■j
FOR sa!f^-A notion store.. with ' living rooms
and large yard: rent $12 50. 904 Folsom st. .
GROCERS— Fpaee. with fixtures, suit-
able for grocery, dairy and produce, in Pear
Market, 1513 Howard st. ; cheap rent. *
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb at a
local road terminus: good bar trade, which
may be easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $?000-
one-half may remain at S per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAKRHOFFER.
14 Third st.
PAINT shop, cheap; good locality 1312 Van
INessave. Call at 6 p. m.
CALL. Bulletin and Guide routes; about 800
subscribers. Call before 10 a. m.. or after
6P- m - "237 Twenty-third St.. near Mission.
PARTY to take charge of business in owner's
absence. 6' 6 Montgomery, room IS. ,
FRUIT store with fixtures: rent cheap. ISO 4
Howard gt., corner Fourteenth.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
__restaurant: dally receipts $40. Box 1010, Call.
PLAT the races on our new system; $60 a
wee* on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau.
rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR SALE— Barroom, billiard parlor, club
room and cigar store; good location; good
trade. 910 Seventh st., Oakland.
FINE furnished saloon: paying Investment;
owner going Into another business. 11l Fifth.
BRANCH bakery. 4 living rooms, cheap; rent
f'*'- account of sickness. 1751 Hyde st.
PATENTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO.. Patent Solicitors. 245
Broadway. New York.
$150— WANTED— Steady man; light indoor bus!
neEs: ISO per month guaranteed. CURRAN
30 Kearny st. *
TEXTS. '. ■■
SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Patent Agents;
established 1&62. 319 Pine at., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KTf.v., IKE ' L " " v - " .-.-■■■■---
Wanted— ls more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment "guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
"KLONDIKE"— . placer miners wish fare
and provisions; give good farmlntr land as
security or sell same. Box 1074, Call.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
DTE A or Skaguay ticket for sale; party
changed mind: steamer palls on or about 15th.
Address box 1033. Call office.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
~~ ~— PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Woolen Blankets—
Depot of the - Quartermaster's Department.
36 New Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.,
February 11. IS9B— Sealed proposals. In tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until II
o'clock a; m.. Pacific standard time, MON-
DAY. March 14, UN, and then opened, for
furnishing, this depot with . 3000 Woolen
Blankets. Proposals for delivery iat other
points will be considered. - The right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals Is re-
served. . Preference will be -given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of quality and price (including m the
price of foreign production and manufactures
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Blanks and full In-
formation as to bidding-. ' specifications, \ etc.,
will be furnished : by this office :on applica-
tion. '■; Envelopes ■ containing proposals should
be marked "Proposals - for ■; Blankets."
JAMES M. MOORE, Assistant Quarter-
< master-O>neral, U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
LODGING HOL'-KS 'FOR SALE.
21 ROOMS, on Stockton; clears $125...'.....5!. 800
i 80 rooms; clears -$2M); new furniture.... S.BOO
" 27-room corner house; clears $160 1.800
14 'rooms, on Ellis st. ; make offer . Jjjj 1 '
7-room flat, on Geary st , °™
I 36 rooms; rent $75; fine....: £•«"
! 22 rooms; offices; clears $300 a month.... ; '» (|
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
I 83 ROOMS, all ...-nted (corner house). $2000;
part cash. DECKER, 1020 Market
: BEST-PAYINO .'0 room lodging-house In the
city; make offer; no trlflerg. 402 V& (.eary st.
! FOR Furnished 16-room lodging-house,
: In good order. 136 Sixth st. .
NEW MONTGOMERY, 103— Good chance to
make money: 80 rooms; rent $.6: terms hair
cash, balance monthly payments.
i PRIVATE rooming house, 12 « >o ™* : *\\, ce c d e :
cheap for cash. Address box Ml. Call ofnee.
FOR SALE— Coso lodging house; 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st. —^——^—^— _ _
FURNITURE FCR SALE.
78 YARDS~^eT~go^dTs new. for •three
rooms; couch, folding crib, agate ware, etc.
Box 1036, Call office. '
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a V 1 * 11
do without when-good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, SB. $» . £.I*B. * :
$10: handsome scarf and wood _f at . stool In-
cluded: no charge for cartage, purchase your
medium and low price pianos where , they^an
be exchanged for a Bteinway w" 1 ""* ■«£!
flee. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Putter snk
ABSOLUTELY the "oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CH^ES,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of a 1
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
WE are offering two beautiful walnut Clilck-
erin f upright second Pianos "t Immense bar-
s^ nS: B# 1 4 O jfrHTA^ h & tl SOX Sh ll t f ! > to U2OO-Fi°rrU 20O-Fi°rr
1 rrll et .'^ .li a C g^ A for the Chlckerlng, planoJ
MAOVIFICEN'T large upright piano, standard
make, almost new.' will be so.d this morn-
inc- fnr one-third its value. THE J. DEW -
ING CO.? second floor Flood building. Fourth
and Market sts.
CONOVER. slightly used, $330.
; Steinway. slightly used. $27...
Phirkprlntr second hand, ♦l»u. '"•".." -'.1. 1 •
Liree stock lowest prices, rent, Installments.
The F. W SPENCER t-0.. 933 Market at..
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous HMnes ,Bros R ush &
Gcfts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
: successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 324 Post.
BARGAINS to-day A small English upright,
; $50: Decker & Son. medium size. $1.5; pecker
& Son. large size. $250; new Decker & Son.
■ all styles at bargains. Market st.
' AT GARDNER & OLASSELL'S. 208 Post St..
yon will find a large and varied stock of
pianos: prices and terms as reasonable as
any house in the city.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos, $Cfl;
uprights. Ivers & Pond. Decker, Steliway,
Hornung and others. 216 Post ft.
BOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
P.rlres and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S, 310. 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
. ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
$4 > -CHICKKRING piano for sale; owner leav-
ing city, l.'i" Grove st., near Baker.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLF.R & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell ■ st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., near intxrnla Bank.
KINGSBURY riS97 model) Is the piano you
want. .T. HARRY SCOTT, E26 Hayes st.
SI'PKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. l.T*. Ellis.
HORSES.
FINE pair of mules; well broke: just the thing
for Klondike™. Willows Stables, 2123 Mission.
FINK horse for sale: sound and gentle. Apply
at 711 Turk st.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable for flor-
ist. 272.' Howard st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sal
Koran's Ptockyanis. Tenth and Rryant sts.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 115 Valencia st.
JUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought. «old
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
*ell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO? Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also ' wagons, b'ugeles.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth Ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. PT'T.I.TV *- 'DOYLE. A«rt!'vr.«»iy;».
WAUO: S AND CARRIAGES.
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap;. owner has
no use for it. 22 Golden Gate aye.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken In exchange.
, O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
' pies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
■and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buriry and
good 3-spring delivery wagon. .161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
tmesry: also 1 back. R2S Harrison at.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
AN 18-karat, minute register, fly back split
second stemwlnding gold watch, bought
of Tiffany, New York, at a cost of $450": will
be sold for $150. At UNCLE HARRIS", 13
Grant aye. ■
FRESH milch cow. 720 Fourteenth St., above
Church. .
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstanda, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BUTCHER railings for sale cheap. ■ Inquire
meat market, 576. Howard st.  .
NEWFOUNDLAND dogs, trained to pull In
harness. F. BALTZER, 1313 Larkin st. ■
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new; 5
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth.
THE Pacific gas or gasoline engine. 2-horse
power, double action force pump: also 16-foot
windmill; bargain. MRS. REVIN VINCENT.
527 Park aye.. East Oakland.
FRESH milch cow. 1669 Alabama Ft., near
Twenty-eigiith.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, R5 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Brayer ■whisky. 100 proof, 5 years old, J22;
Al Jamaica rum, 51(5 85: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
years old, $4 50: 4 year, $7 E0: real 8 year,
! js 50: genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year,
J22: 5 year. $24 TO; Zinfandel claret, $4 35,
Bunsrundy claret, $5 25: no charge for cooper-
axe or drayage; It pays to buy for ca»h.
Standard L:iuor Co.. 62S Market St., S. F.
' BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum. #fflce furniture, store and
I office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
, ond hand. J. NOONAX, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission Rt., above Sixth.
i SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shaft Inar. laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO., f.27 Mission st.
! BOW PAIR shoe lasts: also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.; mall orders
promptly attended to. 846 Mission St.
i SAFES — New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Tac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. 11. S. "WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
! SAFE?— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
I sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
! GRAPHOPHONTOS. $10: Records, $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
I COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truok. letter-press,
desk an-1 safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
t meat market. 576 Howard st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
l.nueht and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
j FOR sale cheap — Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 4? Main st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rate* 20f. Fourth st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goodn; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 10SJ
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household Roods, pianos; ad-
vance* made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFCSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O"DONNELIj. office- and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN .
You ccc houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
GLEN PARK, 3C. off Twelfth st.-7 rooms,
l>iith,_laundryjJB yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
HOWARD, 72SV4— House of 5 rooms In good
order. Apply at 725. upstairs.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4073 Army St.,
bot^een Sencbaa and Noe.
BACBAUBNTO, ltWl-Sun all day: new through-
out; tile and marblo lavatories, etc.; see it
and you will llko it; rent reasonable.
CO'BTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooW.^atnT^gaßT^renTTliT
l-.lghteenth St., bet^'astro and Colllngwood.
COTTAGE of I sunny rooms for housekeeDlne-
rent $12 f.O. 224V t OFarrell st nouselteeDlng '
HATES, 1632— Handsome furnished cottage 6
rooms: bath; large yard; basement: rent rea-
sonable; no Bmall children; cars pahs door
R f ? £■ i - ii f 'TT w nny> 4 rooms - yard, cel-
lar fll, also flat cheap; key grocery corner
Rlncon aye. and Second St., near Brannan.
S N £ T o°r^ n ! r cotta « e '' front porch. 6 rooms,
bath. 3642 Army, cor. San Jose aye. •
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
™ ( ;" t - y ard : cheap. 187G Fifteenth St.. near
FLATS FURNISHED.
FIRNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard-
latest improvements ; furniture new' piano-
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Address box 827. Call office
MODERN furnished flat or part of lT 109
SOUtll I*U!'K.
h£^fif«S t£ U \n l h , alf reKular price at the
big sale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S. Sixteenth and Mis-
sion ft a.
FLATS TO LET.
4 ANT> 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny-
attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye ; $12, $13. $14, $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER
3C Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st
ALL OVER TOWN ~ '
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st. ■ ™ uw ™ * ,
B^ G > rVe^~st. rOOmB - bAth - Bt f le " Apply
CLAYTON, 574, south of Frederick— New mod-
ern flat, 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1244. near Lacuna— sunny flat,
5 rooms, bath; latest Improvements.
EDDY. 1541— Sunny corner flat; 6 rooms and
bath; modern; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 1724— Modern sunny flat, a rooms; rent
$16.
FELL, 1118, near Devlsadero— 6 sunny rooms;
alcove parlors.
FULTON. US— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms, bath-
near City Hall; $2S.
GUERRERO, 1411, near Twenty-sixth— rooms
and bath; $15.
HAIGHT. 792— Beautiful upper sunny new cor-
ner modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
LLOYD. 22, off Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath. . ■ ■
O'FARRELL, 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
SAN CARLOS aye.. 159— New bay-windovr flat;
cheap to good tenants. ,
SEVENTH. 430^— Bay-window flat of 5 sunny '
rooms; rent reduced.
SUNNY corner flat of 12 rooms, bath, etc.. In
first-class condition: only 1H blocks from
Market st. ; rent ereatly reduced; an offer i
wanted; see this at once. Cor. Grove and
Polk fits.
STEVENSON. 7— Sunny flat of 3 rooms; $6 per
month. Apply at restaurant. 28 First st.
$20— 5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply IS Grant aye.
$12 £o—Cheapest0 — Cheapest flat in city; 4 rooms and wash-
tubs. S2O Larkln st. ■ _^^
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH. 2526— Tw0 sunny front rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; adults only.
CLAY. 1423 — 2 pleasant j sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping,
DEVISADERO, 1611%— 2 unfurnished rooms,
bath and large yard; cheap.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; upper flat: $12. -
FIFTH. 314— Large sunny front : bedroom;
kitchen; running water; bath; private; $11.
FIRST, 3«>9 — Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
. ing rooms; hath and gas: rent reasonable.. -
FOLSOM. S74— Sunny rooms complete for. house-
, keeping; rent low; also single room.
GEARY. 111— Nice furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping; also single. . <~
GEARY, 1917— for adults; 4 .comfortable
, rooms; bath; 2 beds; gas; coal stoves.
; GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD, 504— Two furnished , rooms complete
for housekeeping; $11 per month.
i HOWARD, 650— Front room and kitchen com-
i plete for housekeeping: rent cheap; also sin-
: gle room. . .
, HOWARD, 821 r- Housekeeping rooms; single,
$7; suites, $12 per month.
IVY aye., 3<if>. near Franklin— Large double-
window furnished rooms; stove: $5 50 month.
MARKET, 102s — 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping. $12; part rent taken In board.
MARTHA place, 6, south, off Geary st.. above
Mason— Large sunn}- front room for 1 or 2;
al3o large room for housekeeping; terms rea-
sonable.
MISSION. 106?— Sunny parlor suite; complete
for housekeeping: running water and gas.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4.
O'FARRELL, 519— Sunny basement furnished
for housekeeping.
POWELL, 50ft— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
SIXTH. USA— Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nico sunny rooms.
Including bath.
SUTTER, 913— Unfurnished alcove front room;
2 closets; gTate; hot and cold water.
TENTH. 124— Furnished large front room with
kitchen; ch^aii.
THIRD, 309— Front room and klfhen; fur-
nlshrd for housekeeping; $8; other rooms rea-
sonable.
THREE unfurnished rooms with use of kitch-
en, bath, etc., three blocks from Park Pan-
handle: suitable for couple or ladles; Gorman
preferred; highest references given and re- !
quired. Box 1070, Call office.
TURK. 409 (Chelsea House.)— Rooms, single and
en suite; gas stoves; hot water; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 1616-2. 3 or 5 housekeeping
rooms: very convenient.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
CLAY, 1532— Furnished room to let, suitable
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market^Furnishei single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
FIFTH. 325—2 clean. sunny furnished house"
keeping rooms; front; $12; also single, $5.
FOLSOM. 549— Furnished sunny rooms, $7 to $10
per month; housekeeping if desired.
FOURTH, mt— Nice sunny fronYTooms; rea-
sonable; central; nice house.
FULTON, ?, (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite, $8 and $15 up.
FULTON, 500— Nicely furnished sunny parlor
suite; private family; piano, grate, bath gas-
s2o per month.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents ■
$6 and $7.
GEARY, 622—2 well-furnished connecting rms
single rooms; balh and gas; reasonable.
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished front~ roonv
bath and gas; rent reasonable.
GUERRERO. SB. cor. Twenty-second— HamT
some new store for any business; rent low.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mlst'on; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 week.
HARRISON, 661— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lcrs, Hlngle or en suite; bath, gas, grate-
terms reasonable.
HARRISON, 820— Nicely furnished back parlor
$S month; bath; private family; nice home!
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID' S-200 rooms-
suites; single; sunny reading -room ; 25c up.
HOWARD. 98»— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
HOWARD. 120 SB, near Eighth— Nicely fur-
nlshed sunny parlor suite $15; also sunny
single room $6; bath.
JONES. 610— Nicely furnished sunny parlor
suite; also nice single room; board optional.
LARKIN. 227-Newly furnished sunny Xront
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEXINGTON. 212 Eddr— Large sunny rront
euite», also •ingle; lor jenUemen.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MARKET, 1032— (New management) ; fine, clean
rooms. $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 850 up.
MARKET, 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished: single rms.. suites; Jubilee vis.
MARY, 40— Furnished rooms for middle-aged
gentlemen in private family; references re-
quired.
MCALLISTER, Sl!— Large nicely furnished
parlors, single or en suite; large sunny back
room, $7; bath and gas; home comforts.
"MCALLISTER. 515— Nicely furnished single
room, $7 per month; gas; hot and cold water.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms 75c and $1 per
week.
MINNA, 66— J\inny rooms in a respectable
family.
MISSION, 1129— A nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping room for one person; Gejmau
family.
NEW~ FRANKLIN, 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; clay, week or month.
OAK, 64— Elegant, large, sunny furnished
rooms, $10 to $12; nice, light single room.
$5; bath; gas; housekeeping.
POST, 239—3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia),
sunny rooms; fine view; elevator; tourists.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
PROSPECT PLACE, 123, off California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front
sunny furnished rooms; German family.
SECOND, 115— Sunny, clean, furnished single
rooms, $1 ij'T week op; men only.
R. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial, -near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 16c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
RVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Elirhth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17, European— Elegant rooms:
suite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
BUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suite or single; terms reasonable; transient.
SUTTER, 715-717-71!). and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 108— Single rooms, $6 per month up;
also sunny suite; housekeeping.
TENTH, 111. near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms: stove and closet; house-
keeping if desired.
THE FLORENCE, corner Powell and Ellis—
Nico sunny suites from $1 day: single rooms
from f>Oc; a quiet home for families; elevator.
TURK. E4S— Nicely furnished front and hack
parlor: kitchen if desired: gas and hath.
WASHINGTON. 1210. near Taylor— t unfurnish-
ed rooms and bath: cheap rent. •
WEBSTER, 711—2 or 3 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; rent cheap.
100 BUSINESS cards printed $i : ?5 visiting
cards. 25c. HTLL. 72t',4 Mnrket st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS
BOARDERS wanted— Limited number of In-
valid gentlemen may have comfortable home,
with attendance, at reasonable rate. Box
104 R. Call office.
EDDY, 220 — Punny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per wpek : nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
HYDE, 110." — First-class board; breakfast and
dinner. $12 month: reference.
POWELL. Bit— Lar.ee sunny cornpr room,
niano; single rooms. ?20 up with board.
MISSION, I'l-Ai-Flegnnt front room, with or
without breakfast and dinner.
THIRD. 530— Rooms and hoard: choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two -gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; pxcfllent board; terms $4S per
month with board. Apply Central HoteL
Tt'RK. Sl2— Ntce rooms and board in private
family; bfith. grnf. excellent table; cars pass
the door: tPrms $20 up.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop, fixtures, complete; electric
lifrht: rent cheap. 409 Dupont st.
LARGE corner store, with bar.ement; rent
cheap. Corner Howard and Moss sts.
$26— FURNISHED tarpe fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena; Ions? lease. Address
lof-k box 13. St. Helena. Cal.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing. m»eh.. survey, assay, archit. ; day «fe eve.;
est. IRC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933' Market.
BOOKKEEPING snd rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting- room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
MISS GAMP.LF.'S dancing school, 317 Devlsa-
d<»ro; adults* Frl., 8 p.m.; children, Tbu., 3:31.
SAN FRANCISCO Business Collie. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96: 103 In '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st.. room 12.
FIPK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 420 Parrott
building: 13.000 positions filled: manual free.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons
$3 per month. MARY WF.PTHAUR. 3!t Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new clauses: $2 mo. 109 Taylor St.
FLUTE, mandolin, grultar l«ssorm; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Sutter st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
f.n years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
. though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self cure sent: call or write: free;
confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 1
City Hall aye., cor McAllister: pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at oaq»: aaf*
and sure at nny time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before golnij else-
where: repulatlng pills ana capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkln.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free; terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY, 1126 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find IB her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cauße; restore In 1 day; never falls;
consultation free; can be sent and used at
homo. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by
telephone.
SOUTH American Indian Syphilis Remedy! To
all persons suffering from syphilis I offer to
cure in all stages with a purely vegetable
remedy within thirty days or no charges;
confidential consultation Tree. Address F. E
C, Hay wards, Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment:
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. *5. 401 Van Ness
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: prloa
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Bacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: capsules, $2 50; hours 10 to
5. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
CAPSULHT \S --Preventive; sure: harmless:
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
» 'X. 1-^23 Geary st.
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
& Leavenworth; diseases of women, children.
STKRILTTV cur^o 1 by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ate midwife. 1709 Powell St.: tel. Red 2641.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FITCKE. 141« Sth St., Alameda.
DRS. K. A K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private dls. ,ses. S Mason st.. S. F.
TYPEWRITE!". &.
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order; $25; sampl*
•ent. SCOTT A BANNAN. J33 Montfomery.
PEKSOAALS.
A. WILL be oft to-morrow. Why d-jn't yen
write or come? I must see you. M.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I WISH that everybody who should happen to
read the falae statements made by -a former
umbrella-maker, who styles himself a musi-
cal critic, which a certain little weekly pub-
lishes about my ability as vocal Instructor
would call at my oftlce and get the addresses
of all my pupils and Inquire of their friends
and relatives as to their really wonderful im-
provement. JOS. GREVEN, Murphy build-
ing, Market and Jones Bts.
SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair,"
free; I dress hair for 23c; good switches. $1;
finest, bent quality, $H 50; extra heavy, long,
$5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st.
CAL. Institute, 102H Geary st.— Hypnotism
practically taught; diseases and habits cured.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514^ Geary.
MRS. HELEN ANDERSON, midwife an.
nurse. 355 Fourth St., near Harrison.
QUINONIA is a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
lISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. 906 Market st.. room 25, 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pun Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
V. BTUrNT. R35 Clay st.. S. F.
6UIT to order on easy Installments. I*.
LFMOP, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
$14 — Suit to order: samples; try one. NSJTJ-
FAI.'S & CO.. latlors. 116 Ke*rny Bt.
CLOAKS and tailor-mad* nults retailed at
wholesale flnires. 20 Snnsjane st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made ovor. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED! ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDII'M AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-O.
He gives full names, dates, facts nnd fig-
ures. Dr. Reedf wishes It distinctly under-
stood he accents no fee unless you find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind Bee this gifted man. and
he will set you right. Hft has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money If he can't hf»n»fit you.
Private parlors. 23C Sutter, nr. Kearny; r. 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clalr\-oyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hiddpn mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions : unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Pend stamn for circular with
special terms. MRP. DR. F. CLAPK, rooms
25 and V,, 120fi Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: horn double v°il and second sijrhr:
dia«rno=e? disease; full life rendl^? 1 ladies BOe,
jrentssl; palm, and elalrv.; sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME LE NORMANPE, clairvoyant, card
render, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MAyi'KN'A. medium and palmist: rend-
Inps 2.'c ami EOc this week: satisfaction. Vi fith.
MME MOREAT". best medium and card-
reader: German spoken: 2Zc up. 73 Fourth st.
MRP. RAT from Ohlcaero, magnetic bpnW and
card reader. 101S Market St., room 17, 2d floor.
MME. RAVEXA reads life fluently: hi.= inps«
advice: names griven: 2»c up. 5 Fourth st.
HAT FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
OLLTF LAKE: returned from Chicago: card
reader. TO*; Market St.. or 9 Fills, room 22.
MIPP MELVILLE. <rreat clairvoyant and
WRter reader. 021H Mission: Cerman spoken.
JOPTE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind read-
fr. 223 Post st.. room 11, second floor.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MATE MOREAT T test medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader: 2"c tip. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
KMK. STBILIfB. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 2no; Indies. !>l4 O'Farrell st.
MIPS FDN'A V. GRANT, m Taylor St.. room
3: mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFF.R. tn F t am i business medium;
slttlnps dally, list; Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
•vsoi,rn- never foils: (lilv)rc: h»ln <•?<! Pn«t.
SPIK/TUALISBI.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant; c!r. Tues.
Frl. eves., 10c; readings dally, 25, roc. 10S 6th.
BOOKS— Occult and spiritual at 1429 Market
| • St., office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS SHRTNER. clairvoyant for business and
splrltufll sittings. 230 Kearny St., room 24. ;
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Hutght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate In probate, life Insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought: no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. ,T.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse In storage: lifr> ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
$5 VP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all bustness
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOT'GAN & CO., 230 Kenrny St.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal pdvnnces on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-*
moval: low rates: no commission: $"" up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lcrwest
rates. TIKCKKR J: CO.. 32$ Montgomery gt.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds; low interest;
perfpct Fecreoy; private pntmnce: gentle-
manly assistants. TTncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly nrlvate;' low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established ISK3.
I ANT ram, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
ho.te, ftr. Room 7. SOS California st.
$50 TO $."0,000: lowest rate*; Ist nnd 2d mnrtg. ;
any proposition. Prydpn. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2-1 mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62$ Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st. .'
SIXTH.' Moat I reliable place to . borrow
money: ■ diamonds Ipwlry. ■.
FINANCIAL. . r
LOANS -on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFRK BROS.'. IPS Montgonr--- st.
. MOSEY WASTED. ■ '■>..:. ;
WANTED— A loan of $10,000 for 4or 5 years at
5 per cent n"t: secured . i* ATam->rta ; r<»il es-
tate renting at $150 : per ' month. Address
" box 1054. Call Office. ■ ; . ; .
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10, Probate— In the Su-
perior Court In and for the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California-
In the matter of the estate of JACOB C
JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D. IS9S, at 10 o'clock
a. m. of said day, and the court room of De-
partment No. 10. of said Court, at the New
City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JACOB C. JOHNSON, de-
ceased, and for hearing the application of
ANNA.E. JOHNSON for the issuance to her
of letters testamentary.
Dated February 10. A. D. IS9B.
CHARLES F. CrRRY. Clerk. .
[Seal] By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
J. A. STEPHENS, Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 503, Claus Spreckels building.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, In the Croflf
mine, near Oleta, Amador County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine, in, Dry Creek: from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, in the Long Ravine mine, near
Spencevillp, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings in Long Ravine; and from J. W. Cum-
mins, In the Amo mine, near Oroville, Butte
County, to deposit tailings in Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59. Flood -building. Ban Francisco,
Cal., on February 2S, ISOS, at 1:30 p. m.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
NEW house, 7 rs.. bath; easy terms; Mission;
rwap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
2 FLATS and large lot for sale cheap. Inquire
meat market, 576 Howard Bt.
CHOICE residence site, fronting Buena Vista
park; best marine and land view; large
grounds; select neighborhood; easy of access;
sheltered from winds and fog; warm belt:
southeast corner South Broderlek and Buenci
Vista avenue; 2 blocks from Haight and Ba-
ker. C. E. FsARNUM. 305 Parrott building.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; cily cor-
ner unsold of 6 Just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
sts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
$695 EACH, $1390 for both, 2 choice lots, 25x
120 each, ready lor building; graded; street
work done; sewer in; elevated ground; fine
marine view; electric cara pass every few-
minutes; east side Twelth aye., 125 feet
north of Clement; easy payments, $25 first
installment; located in the choicest part of
Richmond; a splendid purchase; exceeding-
ly cheap. Apply to W. J. GUNN, 410 Mont-
gomery st.
CHOICE business property. NW corner Mis-
sion and Spear sts.. 45:10 by 117:6; must be
disposed of. H. SCHWERIN, 546 Clay.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge: best of references, bonds, etc. W.
_W. REDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st.
COUNTRY i(£AL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN. MUST BE SOLD.
125 ACRES located on county road, one-half
mile north of Redwood City (known as
WELLESLY PARK)".
Offer wanted immediately.
APPLY COMPANY'S OFFICE.
1008 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
WANTED to rent— Milk dairy In suitable lo-
cation for shipping milk to San Francisco;
give particulars; cash rent. Address A. 8.,
box 1034, Call.
2 SMALL ranches In Santa Cruz mountains, T^
miles from Santa Cruz. Address W. E.
FALKER, 546 Ocean St., Santa Cruz.
$5 PER acre, 160 acres good bottom land. Coos
County; half value. CURRAN, 30 Kearny.
FOR sale— 3SS9-acre ranch at $50; crops, Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 years old, in full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Russ
House, 141 Montgomery st.. S. F., Cal.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOrSE and lot, ICth St.. W. Oakland! fop
sale or exchange. 1431 Bush St., S. F.
WHY not look into this if you desire a rare
homesitr? Large lots for $200 upward; $10
cash and any sum you can afford to pay
monthly; build your own home or we will
build it for you; Gnllndo Tract, East Oak-
land; tbe soil and climate is superb; all lev?!,
with grand view; city water and sewer; fine
public school and electric cars; streets all
graded and macadamized; nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly; call or
send for circular. 459 Ninth st., bet. Broad-
way and Washington st., Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
BARGAIN— OnIy $2500 each for those new mod-
ern houses being built in Oakland: easy pay-
ments; call and see plans; money to loan.
LANE, seventh floor, room 6, Mills building,
San Francisco.
SUNNY cottajre, bet. Center and Adeline st.
stations: 5 rooms and bath; large lot, 50x115;
good neighborhood; modern house; price $2800;
terms to suit: installment plan If desired.
Lake Shore Land Co., 1070 Broadway, Oak-
land.
AIMDA'iDVERTiiMENTS.
AL.ASLEDA REAL ESTATE.
2- STORY house of 7 rooms; lot 50x100; artesian
well, windmill, tank; must be 1 sold; make an
offer. T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park Bt.. Alameda.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEIA HOMEsT
FIXE two-story house en Broadway, lot 50x
HO: price J2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista aye. : lot 50x150: price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye. : lot
B0xl02; price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 50x140; price
$2fi."o.
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.: lot
33x100; price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
Pnnta Clara aye.: lot 35x110: price $2650. For
Investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500; worth $14,000; half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1503 Webster st.. Alameda,
next t-> drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr.
$1200— SACRIFICE : lot 40x207, with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
school; easy terms.
$2SO0 — New modern cottase; lot 40x150; fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
*25<v>: snap.
$2SO0 — Reautlful new 8-room house, complete;
lot ,r)0x203:, r )0x203: choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate — 10-room house; lot 60x140:
Alameua's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12.750 — Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment: properties bringing $130 per' month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain: bargain.
Houses to let in aH parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
AT a big barsaln— l2-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda: a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet; house cost when built
$7000: now to be had at lens than $6000. For
particulars Inquire of HERMAN CORDES,
1332 High st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— Elegant 9-room house; large
grounds with shrubbery; situated In the
midst of the best part of Berkeley: rent $40.
nnd water. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
st., Berkeley.
NEW house of 7 rooms, all modern Improve-
ments, 2 blocks from station; all street work
done: easy terms. JAS. J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
ORDERED by mortgagee to sell* fine corner
lot. house of 9 rooms, beautiful \Jew, near
station; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO FXCMANGf.
WANTED— A small Improved ranch for the
$5000 equity of gilt-edge income property
situated in the center of Oakland. Address
Ranch, box 9, Call office, Oakland.
DRUG stock Rnd fixtures for house and lot;
pay cash difference. DECKER. 1020 Market
ATTORJTEYS AT lAT\
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE. Atty-at-Law. BSO Market, cor. Stkn.
PRIVATE law matters. Insolvency, collections;
moderate fees: free advice; open evenings.
BcCAHE, 103 Larkln St.
\DVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W DAVIDSON. 927 Market «t.
BIRTgS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage - and death notices '. sent by
mall will not be 'inserted-. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and- be Indorsed with the name and residence
of i persons authorized to have the same • pub-
lished. . ■: .-■■ ■ :
V -"., . ■ ■ - BORN. ; '
ASHER— In " Pomona, * February *8, 1898, to the
wife of I. M. Asher, a daughter.
COOPERS— In San < Jose, February 8, 1598,-. to
; the wife of E. T. Coopers r a daughter.
DE SURVILLE— In < Inverness, Marin I County,
January 19,^1898, to the wife of A. M. 1*
Brun de Surville.'a son. . \
FLTNN— in; Tomales, "January 15, 1898, to the
wife of C. J. Flynn, a daughter. ■ ...
MADSEN— - Port' ; Pirle, v South Australia,
January ; 8, • 1S»8, : to the wife of M. A. Mad-
'sen, a daughter. .„''.".-:' '
-■■ • MARRIED. . .-.;. ■';;;■-
BAILEY— KERR— In : West Berkeley, ;=; = January
25. : ISSS, ' by the Rev. ■ Westwood ' Wright ' Case,
' D.D.. Rev. A. M. Bailey of the California
Methodist Conference, and 7 Mrs. Luvenia A.
Kerr of D1x0n,..Ca1.. » ■ ,■, ■ . • v
GRAF— MORRIS— In Fairfield, Cal., February.
3, IS&S, i by Judge M. A. ■ Maynard. Henry
Graf and Etta Morris. s . ■
WEPMORE— GUM— In San Jose, February 9,
1898. by. the Rev. Dr Wakefleld, Sydney James
.Wedmore and Lillian May Gum. . ; , .-=-
DIED.
Antonsen, Nlcolaus Lornsten. Andrew
Barnctt, Mary G. Lovell, Edna N.
Barrett, Mary McQualde, Michael
Beebe. Rosanna Magulre. Mary
Boweti. Mrs. R. P. Michelsen, Rasmus
Broiran, James Mulvlhill, Thomas
Donnelly, Edward Miller. Nicholas
Faylor, William A. Nolan, Patrick
Foster, Henrietta E. Rusteberg, Andrew
Hanson, Edward A. Smith. Ann E.
Hanson. William L. Smith, Harry M.
Hennessy Katie Taylor, Mrs Victoria -
Herrmann. Julius Walsh, Patrick
Hitchcock. Francis Wolf, John W.
Horrell, Sarah W. Young, Captain T.
Keating, Richard Younger, Sarah H.
ANTONSEN— In this city, February 10, 1898,
Xieolaus, dearly beloved son of Hans and
Mary Antonsen, and brother of Sophie and
Willie Antonsen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 18 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, corner Vermont and Hum-
boldt streets. InteVment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
BARNETT— February H. IS9B. Mary G., infant
child of F. B. and' Maggie Barnett, a native
of San Francisco, aged S days.
BARRETT— In this city, February 10. IS9B,
Mary, beloved wife of Maurice Barrett,
mother of John Joseph Barrett, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. John Casey, and sister of
Willie, George, John and Emma Casey, a
native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 35 years.
(New York papers please copy).
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, fom her late
residence, 27R2 Twenty-second street, thence
to Bt. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
BEEBE— In Alameda. February 11. IS9S, Ro-
sanna, beloved wife of the late Colonel Jake
Beebe, and sister of Mrs. Mary Marlowe of
3'J6l Harrison street, San Francisco, a nativa
of County Meath, Ireland, aged 64 years.
(Cr Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOWEN— In Alameda, February- 10, IS9S, Mrs.
Rebecca P. Bowen, widow of the late Wil-
liam Bowen, and mother of Clara Bowen,
Mrs. C. H. Paxton and Mrs. Alfred Todhun-
ter, a native of Huston, Mass., aged 81 years.
(CT Funeral private.
BROGAN— In this city, February 10. IS9B.
James, beloved son of John and Margaret
Brogan, and brother of Michael, John, Lizzie.
Mary and Joseph lirogan, a native of Kar-
rafurges, County Antrim, Ireland, aged It
years.
DONNELLY— At Santa Clara County Alms-
house. February 'J, IS9S, Edward Donnelly,
aged SI years.
FAYLOR— In this city, February 10, IS9S, Wil-
liam A. Faylor, a native of Texas, aged 56
years.
FOSTER— In Oakland, February Hi 1S98! at the
residence of her father. Rev. Dr. Thompson.
Henrietta Elizabeth Foster, a native of Illi-
nois, aged 3» years 7 months and 24V days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
February 14. 189S, at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
denco of hef father, 1350 Franklin street,
Oakland. Interment private.
HANSON— In thin city, February 11. IS9S. Ed-
ward Alvln, beloved son or Oscar B. and M.
Sophie Hanson, and brother of Edna Maria
and George Benard Hanson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home of
the parents, 14S1 Fifteenth street, near How-
ard.
HANSON— In this city, February 11, 189 K. Wil-
liam Leslie, beloved son of W. E. and Sara
L. Hanson, and brother of L. Amy and
Charles B. Hanson; a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 y«ars 5 months and 8 days.
HENNESSY— In Rio Vista, February 11, IS9B,
Katie Hennessy, beloved sister of John Hen-
nessy and Mrs. Michael Donovan, a native
of Rahun, parish of Myross, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 23 years.
HERRMANN— In this city, February 11, 1898,
Julius Herrmann, a native of Germany, aged
23 years 10 months and 7 days. A member
of Herrmann Stamm No. 224, D. O. R. M.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall,
510 Bush street. Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Intsrment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HITCHCOCK— In Sulsun, Cal., February 9,
1898, Francis H. Hitchcock, aged 43 years.
HORRELL— In this city, February 11, I<W.
Sarah W.. relict of the late Judge J. Hor-
rell of Napa, a native of Indiana, aged 77
years 3 months and 1 day.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 702 Guerrero street, corner Nineteenth.
Interment Napa, on arrival of the 10 a. m.
train Sunday.
KEATING— In this city, February ,11. IS9B,
Richard, dearly beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Keating, and father of Maggie, John,
Daniel, Thomas. George, Arthur and the late
Richard KetUing. a native of Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
LORNSTEN— In this city. February 11, IS9S,
Andrew, beloved husband of Ingeborg Lorn-
sten, and father of Hans, Arthur, John.
Charles and Mary Lornsten. a native of Nor-
way, aged 45 years S months and 23 days.
LOVELL— In this city, February 11. 189 S. Edna
Nellie, beloved daughter of Charles W. and
Agnes G. Lovell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 15 days.
McQUAIDE— In this city, February H 1898. at
his residence, 3369 Seventeenth street, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Mary McQuaide,
and dearly beloved father of Kathryn G.,
Owen J. and Sarah E. McQuaide, Mrs. M.
Cooper and Mrs. James P. Fogarty, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 74 years
and 3 months.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MAGUIRE— In the City and County Hospital,
February 11. IS9B. Mary Maguire, a native
of New York, aged 65 years.
MICHELSEN— In this city, February 11, 1898,
Rasmus T. Michelsen, beloved father of An-
tone and Millie Michelsen. a native of Nor-
way, aged 53 years 7 months and 29 days.
MILLER— In the City and Count- Hospital.
February 11, 1898. 'Nicholas Miller, a native
of Germany, aged 26 years.
MULVIHILL— In Los Angeles, Cal., February
— , IS9B, Thomas Mulvihill, beloved Bon of
the late Johanna Sullivan, and brother of
John and Jerry Mulvihill, Mrs. John Mur-
phy and Birdie, Dollie and Willie Sullivan.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. John Murphy, 3214 Seven-
teenth street, thence to St. Charles Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOLAN— Near Tomales, February 3, IS9S, Pat-
rick Nolan, aged 63 years.
RUSTEBERG— In this city, February 10, 1898,
Andrew, beloved husband of the late Fred-
erike Rusteberg. and father of Mrs. F. Lan-
genberger, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 62 years 5 months and 22 days. A mem-,
ber of Musical Fund Society, Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union and Verein Em
tracht.
(CyFrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2705 FoUom street, thence to Elntruclit
Hall, Twelfth street, between Howard and
Folsom, where funeral services wtll»be held,
commencing at 12 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
SMITH— In this city, F. bruary 9. 1898, Ann
I'.ilz.'i Smith, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Charlotte E. Dixon and Charles C. Smith,
and mother-in-law of Edmund Dixon, a. na-
tive of Marlborough. Ulster County, N. V.,
aged 75 years 7 months and 9 days.
(t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Edmund Dixon. 1006
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 10. 1898, Harry Mallett Smith, a na-
tive of California, aged 33 years.
TAYLOR— In this city, February 9, 18S8. Mrs.
Victoria, beloved wife of the late John Tay-
lor, and daughter of Mrs. M. J. and the
late. Martin Hammersmith, a native of Al-
giers, aged 39 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of VaJente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, near Union. Interment Masonic
Cemetery-
WALSH— In San Jose, February 8. 1898, Pat-
rick Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 79
years and 11 months.
WOLF— In this city, February 10. 1898, John
William, bt-loved husband ->f Margaret C.
Wolf and father of William H., Alice M.,
Annie M.. Lulu E., George E., Ralph R.
and Daniel L. Wolf, a native of Germany,
aged 75 years 9 months and 28 days. Mem-
ber of Oakland Lodge No. 183, F. and A.
M.. University Lodge No. 144. I. O. O. P.,
and Golden Rule Encampment No. 34
ICTFuneral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, Oakland.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
YOUNG— In this city, February 10, 1898, Cap-
tain Thomas, beloved husband of Annie
Young, and father of Harry and John T.
Young, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
68 years and 9 months.
IprFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
10 o'clock, from his late residence. 418 Lom-
bard street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 12:30 o'clock.
YOUNG— In this city, February 10, 1898, Cap-
tain Thomas Young, father of Margaret Jane,
and grandfather of May •E. and Thomas L.
Beston, a native of Liverpool, England.
YOUNGER— In this city, February 10, 1898,
Sarah Helen, youngest daughter of Andrew
Jr. nnd the late Rachel J. Younger, and
granddaughter of Mr?. Margaret Vance, a na-
tive of California, aged 2 years 4 months and
3 days.
|C7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service!
this day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at 1225
Pine street. Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Op;. Lincoln School. I
Telephone, South 80. |
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the u sa
of oui patrons. Rubber Ures on our ambulance
1314
THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT'S MEMORY
Thousands of School Children, With Song, Verse and Essay, Join in
Doing Honor to Abraham Lincoln.
THE DAY WAS CELEBRATED IN ALL THE CITY SCHOOLS.
The anniversary exercises to com
memorate the birth of Abraham Lin
coln, observed in the public schools
throughout the city yesterday after
noon, were the most elaborate and pa
triotic that have ever been held for
this purpose in the city.
The programme for each school was
similar in character and adhered strict
ly to a prescribed list of exercises dic
tated by the Lincoln Monument League,
and dealt principally in patriotic selec
tions and addresses dedicated to the
memory of the great statesman.
Although a prescribed programme
had been compiled for observance in
each school the memorial decorations
■were placed entirely in the hands of the
Individual principals of the different
schools, and were accordingly carried
.out in strict pursuance of their orders
and under their immediate supervision.
No one school had the same flower
tributes to offer, and outside a strict
conformity to the rules and exercises
governing the original programme, no
two schools were alike in the manner of
their testimonials of respect to the be
loved President.
Nearly every house of education In
the city, however, from the leading
high schools down to the lowest and
most Insignificant primary classes had
hung a portrait of Lincoln in the
main exhibition room.
The public demonstration on Lincoln
day was the greatest and most praise
worthy ever recorded in the annals of
the city, and its success, from an artis
tic standpoint, has eclipsed every ef
fort of the past in this direction.
The principals in control of the dif
ferent schools seemed to have been ac
tuated by an unusual enthusiasm and
devotion to the beloved martyr's name,
as their indefatigable industry in vy
ing with each other to produce the best
exhibitions of respect and honor yes
terday demonstrated.
The programme which the members
of the Lincoln Monument League
compiled and dedicated for universal
observance among the schools, and the
one considered most appropriate for the
occasion, was as follows:
Patriotic song and salute to the flag;
address, declamation. "Lincoln;" Lincoln
song: quotations from the sayings of Ab
raham Lincoln, by pupils arising in their
places and repeating, one pupil at a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blood
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cuthura.
SoAr, gentle anointings with CcTicunA (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of Cuticcba Resolved, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
I« told throughout the world. Pom* Pbco j» C»n.
Conr.. Bole Prop*., Boston. -•
(£7" " How to Core Envy Blood Humor," free.
riAC UIIIIADC F«llai Hilr ul B«by Blera-
I AWL HUnIUII* Ul>«i cw»l bj Cbticbba 8o*».
time; Gettysburg address, selected from
pupils of the different schools; poem,
"Why Should the Spirit of Mortal be
Proud?" (Lincoln's favorite poem); pat
riotio song; tableaux < >r groupings, to rep
resent historical events in life of Lincoln;
unveiling of the bust of Lincoln with an
appropriate speech by a pupil; song,
"Battle Hymn;" remarks by visiting vet
erans and invited guests; "America" sung
in chorus.
The six highest grades In Lincoln
Grammar School combined in the cele
bration of Lincoln's birthday, and the
boys to the number of 500 were assem
bled in the school hall, the programme
issued by the Lincoln Monument League
being closely adhered to. Quite a num
ber of parents were in attendance to
testify by their presence their venera
tion for the martyred President from
which the school takes Its name.
The exercises were as follows: •
Patriotic song, "The Red. White and
Blue," and salute to the flag, by pupils;
address by Professor Knowlton, who said
that Lincoln's life and character are lib
erty's most precious legacy, and were a
benediction and an Inspiration to the
youth of America, for he was the best
model of what the true American youth
should aim to become; declamation, "Lin
coln," William L. Green; Lincoln song,
air, "Hold the Fort," by pupils. The
quotations from Lincoln were spoken in
clear and manly voices by twenty scol
ars, who gave splendid emphasis to the
words which he uttered. lue boys
were from the classes of Miss Clark. Miss
Hurley and Miss Shea, Gettysburg ad
dress, Joseph P. Sucey; Lincoln's death
George H. Pressley; poem, 'Why Should
the Spirit of Mortal be Proud?" (Lincoln's
favorite), .Professor Knowlton; patriotic
song, "Marching Through Georgia," by
pupils; unveiling 01 Lincoln's picture, tne
American flag being lifted by Claude F
Compton; song, "Battle Hymn." by pu
pils. Addresses were delivered by visit
ing veterans from Lincoln Post No. 1
G. A. R. C. J. Handley. H. L. Barker, P. A.
Mass D. P. Stone. J. H. Lakin, Urt McKee
and John Disiken addressed the boys and
were listened to with profound attention
and xrequent applause.
The exercises by the pupils of the
Girls' High School were carried out in
a manner calling forth the enthusiasm
of the audience. Especial mention
should be made of the mandolin club,
the vocal solos by Miss Elsie Priber,
Miss Ina Collins and Miss Hermine
Lask. The singing by the school
showed careful training and the pro
gramme generally was fully up to the
school's splendid reputation for excel
lence.
W. H. L. Barnes, who was down for
an address failed to appear; though
having braved the fight in the thickest
of the battle on many field, he did not
have the courage to face the Sudience
of beautiful young ladies comprising
the Girls' High School and Polytechnic
School, who attended in a body.
•The stage was elaborately festooned
with callas, in the middle of which
stood a pedestal capped by the bust of
Lincoln.
The exercises were opened by a piano
solo by Miss L. Coblentz, followed by
"The Battle Hymn of the Republic,"
by the school; essay, "Lincoln as a Pio
neer," Edna E. Sides; mandolin clubs,
four pupils of the school; vocal solo
"An Elegy by Chapin." Miss Elena
Roeckel; essay, "Lincoln and Slavery,"
Miss Elsie Leale; vocal solos, "Mother
Darling." Miss Elsie Priber; address
"Gettysburg," Miss K. Morrin; song'
"Red, White and Blue." by the school
vocal solo, "O, Why Should the Spirit
of Mortal be Proud?" set to music by
Mr. Steadman and sung by Miss Ina
Collins; essay, "Lincoln a Historical
Character," Miss B. Cooley; vocal solo,
Miss Hermione Lask; essay (original) .
A Monument to Lincoln," Miss Prutz
man; song, "America." by the school
The exercises at Lowell High School
were confined to the senior and middle
classes and the following programme
was ably presented:
Senior class: Recitation "What th«»
Political Party Stood for In I860," Won
Davis; reading, opening and closing para
graphs in Lincoln's first inaugural ad
dress, Edwin K. Andrews; Illustration by
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1898.
anecdotes showing the secret of Lin
coln's success as a leader. W. W. Roth
child; story, "In Full of All Demands;
and, Lincoln as a Lawyer and President,"
J. J. Eppinger; poem, "Lincoln's Death"
(original). Miss Blanche Anderson; es
say, "Developments of Lincoln's Charac
ter," Herbert McDonnell; address, "Value
of Having Public Exercises on Lincoln
Day and Personal Reminiscences and
Eulogy of Lincoln," Major P. F. Walsh,
G. A. R. ; recitation, "Humor of Lincoln,"
Clarence Hirschfelder.
Middle class: Original poem. "Sonnet
to Lincoln," Miss Gertrude Holmes; es
say, "A Visit to Washington in 1861."
Rene Bine; address, "Reminiscences of
President Lincoln," W. J. Watson of
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R. ; es
say, "Lincoln as a Humorist," Miss Da
vida French; essay, "Comparison of Lin
coln With Webster," Lloyd Ackerman;
essay, "Lincoln." Miss Eva Moore; story,
"The Colonel's Reverie" (original), Jack
Steinman; essay, "The Secret of Lin
coln's Success," Miss Lyla Vincent; es
say, "Abraham Lincoln," Harold Manor;
reading, selections from Lincoln's first
inaugural address, Louis Lyons.
In the Denman Grammar School, A.
L. Mann principal, the scholars of the
ninth grades, taught by Mrs. Baum
gardner and Miss Smith, assembled In
the former's class room, and the exer
cises were particularly fine, and fol
lowed the Lincoln Monument League
programme. The address was delivered
by Hon. James Denman, after whom
the school was named. He told the
young ladies that they were gathered
together in a good cause, and exhort
ed them never to forget the name of
Abraham Lincoln, which was so worthy
of being revered. The unveiling of Lin
coln's picture was performed by Trezie
Cleveland, who possesses the distinc
tion of being the ex-President's second
coupin. An address was also delivered
by Dr. C. D. Cleveland,, who is also re
lated to the man who has been twice at
the head of the nation. Miss Alice
Duffy recited in excellent style, and an
added feature was the piano solo by
Miss Pearl Ladd. The chorus singing
by the girls was especially good, they
having been trained by Principal Mann.
In addition to the "Star Spangled Ban
ner," they also sang the "Marseillaise,"
and with such splendid effect that they
wore requested to repeat It by their
auditors.
Mr. Flint and Mr. Paisalt of Garfield
Post, two veterans of the civil war,
spoke interestingly to the young ladies,
and the two gentlemen were visibly af
fected during the exercises, as recol
lections of the past were brought up.
Miss McFarland, actingprincipal, gave
the word to begin the exercises at 1
o'clock sharp in the Clement Grammar
School, and promptly at that time the
pupils commenced to revere and honor
the memory of Lincoln.
The address was delivered by Ray
Falk.
Declamation, "The National Flag,"
Miss Noon's pupils.
Declamation, "Lincoln," Charles
Brown.
The quotations from Lincoln's say
ings were spoken by the pupils of Miss
Jacobs' class.
"Gettysburg address," Walter Smith.
"Why should the spirit of mortal be
proud?" Hazel Smith.
"Anecdotes of Lincoln," by Sydney
Schwartz.
The speech at the unveiling of Lin
coln's picture was delivered by Clara
Sawyer.
The special feature of the programme
was the singing of the quartet, "Tent
ing To-Night." by the Clement Quar
tet, composed of James Home, Alfred
Black, Rene Combes and Albert
Haynes. They were obliged to respond
to two encores, so well did they ren
der the selection.
Aubrey Yates created considerable
merriment and interest by his recital
of Lincoln's stories, and his listeners
were loth to let him go.
The visiting veterans who addressed
the pupils were J. M. Long, A. J. Vin
ing, W. Gordon and John Bush, of
George H. Thomas Post.
The crowning; feature of the pro^
gramme In the exercises of the eighth
grade was the declamation at the un
veiling of Lincoln's monument by
Monte Dernham, 13 years old.
Notwithstanding the fact of the exer
cises at Hamilton school being con
fined to the junior and ninth grade, the
programme was fully up to that of the
other schools many of the numbers
deserving special mention.
Ninth grade programme — Song, "Flag
of the Free" and salute to the flag, by
the class; ad dross, W. A. Robinson; ad
dress, "Gettysburg." Grace Hoflnghoff;
song, "Liberty," by the class; the sayings
of Lincoln, by twenty pupils of the class;
essay, "Lincoln," Hilda Samson; poem,
"Why Should the Spirit of Mortal Be
Proud?" Miss Morton; song, "Mount Ver
non Bells," by seven pupils of the class;
declamation, "Lincoln," J. N. Eagan.
Addresses were also delivered by E. C.
Sumner and E. A. Bullard, members of
the G. A. R. The exercises closed by
singing the "Battle Hymn of the Republic."
Junior class programme — Essay, "De
velopment of Lincoln's Character," Nina
Vesano; address, "What the Political
Parties Stood For in 1860," Alex McPher
son; poi;m, "A Sonnet" (original;, Miss
Lulu Falkenan; address, "Lincoln," Miss
M. Chapman; recitation, "Lincoln's First
Love," Miss Eunice McGowan; stories,
Lincoln humor, Roger Beals; address,
"Life Before Gettysburg," W. J. Wat
son; reading, Lincoln's humorous sayings,
prepared by Miss Geraldine Baggs and
read by Miss Eunice Jeffers.
The exercises held in honor of the day
at the Horace Mann School conformed
strictly to the original programme and
were participated in by the pupils of
the entire school without exception.
Those who took the leading parts ac
quitted themselves with merit, enter
ing their several tasks with an enthu
siasm characteristic of true patriotism.
They were named on the programme as
follows: Ivy Knowlton, declamation;
Lottie Davidson, "Gettysburg Ad
dress;" Frank Arthur, poem, "Why
Should the Spirit of Mortal be Proud?"
Unveiling of the bust of Lincoln was
performed by Joseph Pritchard.
The exercises of the eighth grade in
the Columbia Grammar School were
of a high order of merit. The decora
tions were especially fine, and Amer
ican flags were in abundant evidence.
The address by R. E. Whitefleld was
of exceptional interest, as that gentle
man was a great friend of Lincoln and
closely associated with him for a con
siderable portion of his life. His per
sonal reminiscences were therefore
most entertaining and held the atten
tion of his listeners.
All the members showed careful pre
paration by the pupils, who are to be
congratulated on the complete success
of their efforts. The programme was as
follows:
Address. P.. E. Whitefleld. G. A. - R. ;
n->r,r>*-~ „,,..._ •;T,«~'*'* 1 r":' •■•": 'vr-'^nintr; of
Lincoln's picture, Minnie Magill; recita
uu.ii, ' > 'in- vi 'in*- fceujM*," 1 iins>i«s Johnson;
Gettysburg address, eighth grade; pon<T
"With Malice Toward -■- None," sixth
grade;, quotations, eight pupils; "A
Tribute to Lincoln's Memory," Mazie
O'Brien and Pauline Dubols; "Saving the
Sentinel.", twelve pupils of the sixth
grade; song, 7 "Battle Hymn of the Re
public"; Death of .'Lincoln, Lurline
Swanson • and ! Florence Bond; ■ "Our ; Lin
coln," Leonard \ Pelgen; "Lincoln as Pres
ident." Joseph Kennedy; "His Death
day." , May ■ Merrill f song. : "America," by
the class. ■ • '_..-.
A portrait of the Illustrious Lincoln
adorned the center of the stage at
Crocker Grammar School. The decora
tions consisted of the national colors,
which were tastefully arranged. The
programme was excellent, and did cred
it to all vrho took part therein. The ex
ercises were opened by the pupils of
the school saluting the flag.
Song, "America," by the school; ad
dress, Gertie Frlerllander; recitation,
"Our Heroes Shall Live," Edith Barry;
recitation, "To President Lincoln." Ed
mund Weiner; solo, "Old Folks at
Home," Marian Norton; recitation, "Get
tysburg Address," Leah Coblentz; reci
tation, "Abraham Lincoln," Marian Mc-
Closky; song, "Hail California," by the
school; poem, "Lincoln's Favorite,"
Florence Bchultz; recitation, "Lowell on
Lincoln," Mabel Hendy; quotations, se
lected pupils; recitation, "Patriot Presi
dent," Alvilde Thurston; solo, "Celeste,"
Susie Schultz; recitation. "No Slave
'Keath the Flag," Lloyd Bowley; song,
"Lincoln," by the school; recitation,
"Captain, My Captain," Esther Stevens;
trio, "Star of the Nation," Florence
Schultz. May Dow, Eugene O'Connell;
recitation, "Abraham Lincoln," Helen
Bennett; song, "Battle Hymn," by the
school; recitation, "Emancipation
Group," Vivian Talmage; remarks, visit
ing veterans: closing remarks, Principal
W. H. Edwards.
At the Mission Grammar School the
programme in detail was as follows:
Song, "Star-spangled Banner," class;
recitation, "Hymn to Lincoln," ' Ethel
Sheriff; composition, "The Youth of
Lincoln," Will Day; recitation, "Bar
bara Frletchie." Ida Wightman; song,
"Marching Through Georgia," class:
Gettysburg address, Jennie Murphy;
"Sayings of Lincoln," Ruby Canham,
Gertie Doherty, Francis Moraghen, Helen
Wagner, John Thompson, Veda Camp
bell, Melville Asche, Irene Roth, Mervyn
Anderson, Alice Carlisle; song, "The
Flag," class; composition, "Lincoln as a
Man," Jennie Baker; recitation, "The
Flag," Julia Ellis; song, "Tenting To
night," class; composition. "Lincoln as
President," Allis Taylor; recitation, "Oh,
Why Should the Spirit of Mortal Be
Proud," Anna Heine; song, "America,"
class; quotations, Ruth Alexander, Rob
ert Doherty, John Dorward, Fred Men
lop, George Gladwin, AlexanderMacDon
ald, Bert Kalthof, Albert Herzog, Edgar
Stolz; unveiling of Lincoln's picture, ad
dress delivered by Albert Trampleasure;
Lincoln song, class.
At the Henry Durant School the pu
pils had many surprises to offer their
visitors in the way of patriotic exer
cises in honor of the Great Patriot.
Among these was a short address de
livered by Colonel Lyman Bridges of
the G. H. Thomas Post. The subject
was a treatise on the subject of Lin
coln's life, and proved to be of unusual
interest, as it was given with a spirit
of early recollection of Lincoln's mili-
tary career.
The Lincoln day celebration at the
Everett Grammar School was worthy
of praise, as considerable effort had
been exercised Jby the pupils and teach
ers to make the occasion a success and
an event long to be remembered by the
children who are now matriculated in
the school. The programme conformed
to the usual order, being rendered as
follows:
Patriotic song; address. Mamie Rigney;
song, "We Stand Beneath Our Colors"
four boys; recitation, Arthur Smith; "Tiie
President and the Paymaster," Harvey
Wallace; Lincoln song, eighth and ninth
grades; recitation, Marguerite Belser;
quotations from Lincoln, ninth grade; A
Beautiful Incident, Lilly Cabey; Gettys
burg address, Anna Cattermole; anecdote
of Linroln, Robert Henry; poem, "Why
Should the Spirit of Mortal Be Proud?
Edna McKnew; recitation, Adele Ed
wards,; patriotic song, "Washington and
Lincoln"; Calling on President Lincoln
Paul Stranberg; remarks by visitors
Comrade James Kilman; Draft "Ho«<e"'
anecdote, Charles Garfleld; A Dying Sol
dier Prays for the President, Wanford
Morgan; song. "America."
At the Franklin Grammar School the
exercises were a little out of the or
dinary, as a special programme had
been arranged in addition to the one
dictated by the Lincoln Monument
League. It was read as follows:
Russian national hymn, school; recita
tion, "The Necessity of Government."
Loretta Knownburg; recitation, "The
American Flag," Edith Igoe; chorus,
America, school; words of Lincoln
seven girls, Miss Classin; reading, "Abra
ham Lincoln," Bessie Harvey; song
"Tribute to Lincoln," ninth grade- reci
tation. Gettysburg address, Beckie Ja
cobs; recitation, "Oh, Captain! My Cap
tain!" Susie Walker; semi-chorus. "Blue
and the Gray," school; words of Lincoln
Miss Durkin's class; recitation "Oh'
Why Should the Spirit of Mortal Be
Proud?" Clara Sengstacken: chorus
"Battle Hymn of the Republic," school'
words of Lincoln, boys in Miss Marony's
The fac-simila xT^ x/-^ J. T m *» on ••ray wrapper
ADVERTISEMENTS. .V.y-/^;- ..-...,- -.-..
V The Programme To-day Is. Children's Jackets. \
■ ■ '.. • — — __ .
\® Keep the. little folks comfortable. It doesn't cost much if you buy at Hole's q3
?O to-day. ■ . OC
I° " FOR 98c— A neat little sailor FOR $2 00— . Empire Jacket, ' O C
}O jacket in navy, tan or red, QO/> a Jaunty little affair, in tan .: _>
)O large sailor collar, braid- C7CSV or green, fancy braid- ira
)O trimmed, fine for school; only Each trimmed, large sailor collar, ij?o-00 J?i(
)q a -garment full of goodness, tj? -A— 05
j n wear and worth Each OC
)O • °§
JO FOR $1 60— A double-breasted FOR. ?3 50— Here's a beauty, a Og
JO Reefer Jacket, a • perfect lit- Misses' Jacket, with turn- ■ O?
sft tie gem in fit and finish, down Franklyn collar, faced O?j
in tans, blues, browns, or red,.«1»|.50 with green, braid-trimmed, «J»Q. SO o>
In 4 plated buttons, turn-down *ff ■— — cloth around waist and downtPO qSj
?° collar; only •••• Each front, 4 large mosaic buttons. Each o?i
I HALE BROS. I \
)° (Incorporated), • q5
\l 937-945 Market Street, San Francisco, Gal. Sj
JO ° J
)ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooj
class; recitation, "Bay Billy, Mjw
K link's class; trio, composed b> Mibs
Klink, Elise Courreges and others, rec:
tation. "Soldier's Reprieve " Alice Crow,
reading, "Newton Booth's Tribute to
Lincoln." Clarence Hoarn; lullaby,
eigthth and ninth grades.
That the pupils of the Hearst Gram
mar School are thoroughly familiar and
fully In touch with the sentiments or
the immortal Lincoln is evidenced by
the elaborately prepared programme so
excellently presented yesterday. Sev
eral of the pupils taking part in the
exercises showed themselves especially
adapted for the part they took therein.
The following is a partial programme
of the exercises:
Piano solo, Gertrude Callunden; soner,
"Columbia." and Salute to the Flag, 400
pupils; double quartet, Edwin Tucker,
William Smith, Frank Smith, Harold
Murch. Fay Beal, Clyde Beal, Clarence
Coburn and Arthur Berchweiler; recita
tion, "Burial of Lincoln," Alice Kugel
berg; song. May Fitzgerald; recitation,
Florence Cloak; instrumental music.
Birdie Hill; quotations from Lincoln, Miss
Robinson's class; Lincoln's song, classes;
selections from Lincoln's second inaug
uration; address, H. Biddle; medley of
war songs, eight classes: recitation. Miss
Levison's class; Lincoln's speech at Get
tysburg, Edwin Tucker; recitation, Mabel
Morante; unveiling Lincoln's picture; ad
dress. Frank Smith: "The Benefactor of
His Race," Miss Bray's class; song, "Bat
tle Hymn," classes; remarks by Mrs. Hol
brook-Blinn, wife of a comrade; remarks
by Comrade Carels, representative for the
Grand Army of the Republic; song,
"America," classes.
The observance of patriotic exercises
at the Harrison School was carried out
in strict conformance with the adopted
programme of the day, and was par
ticipated in by the pupils of the entire
school, under the immediate direction
of the principal. It was rendered as
follows:
"Flag Salute," School: song, "Battle
Hymn of the Republic." School; reading,
"Biography of Lincoln, " Roy Hillebrand;
recitation, "Lincoln Obituary," Myrtle
Triplett; recitation, "Crowning Lincoln. "
Louis Constine, Harold Fisher and
Charles Bantel; song. "Lincoln," School;
stories about "Lincoln's Boyhood," May
Smith, Tillie Parent, Leota Jesch, Lottie
Koster and Gertie Gibbs; "Story of Lin
coln," Rldgway Thomas; class recitation,
"Lincoln's Address at Gettysburg," Fifth
Grade: recitation, "Description of Our
Flag," John Williams; "Star Spangled
Banner." School; recitation, "Lincoln's
Epigrams," Paul Reysen, Horace True,
Harry Blume, Willis Johnson, Melville
Calish; reading, "Lincoln's Favorite
Poem," Octavla Broske; recitation, "Say
ings of Lincoln," Harry Rimlinger, Lasar
Blume, James Cutler and Albert Winter;
song, "Battle Cry of Freedom," School;
class recitation, "Roll Call," Sixth Grade;
recitation, "Famous Names." Hazel Dun
can, Julia Glassford. Edna Bates. Fran
cis McLaughlin, Lavina Symons and May-
Label; closing song. "America," School.
The classes were addressed by Major
Royal, G. A. R.
The day was a busy one at the "Wash
ington Grammar School, where the fol
lowing programme was rendered:
"America," salute the flag, unveiling,
Benjamin Jordan; piano duet. Masters
Luna and MeAvoy; declamation. Milton
Clark; song, "Lincoln," Washington Glee
Club; quotations from sayings of Lin
coln, eight boys from seventh grade; Get
tysburg address. Palmer Hawlett; poem,
"Why Should the Spirit of Mortal Be
Proud." Howard Antrin; piano solo,
"Leonard MeAvoy; essay, "Lincoln as a
Boy," James Jordan; essay. "Lincoln as
a Man," Morris Oppenhelm; declamation,
John Batbie; song. "Battle Hymn of the
Republic"; declamation, "The Death of
Slavery," Kennet Brier; essay, "Lincoln
as President," E. Read; piano solo, Al
fred Roncovieri; "Second Inaugural Ad
dress," J. Kilcommon; remarks and war
reminiscences by Messrs. Harris. Boone,
Bailey, Reid and Estes. members of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
Five hundred children from the pub
lic schools of the city will render a pro
gramme of music and sang at the Me
chanics' Pavilion at 10 o'clock this
morning.
The Secretary of the Navy has di
rected the commandant of the U. S. S.
Mohican to fire a salute of twenty-one
guns.
At James Lick Grammar School the
exercises commemorating Lincoln's
birthday consisted of songs,
recitations, selections from the speeches
of Lincoln and other great Americans,
concluding with salutations to the flag
and a drill by the young ladies of the
school. This last exercise showed the
young ladies in their white dresses, red
sashes and jaunty little white caps, to
be well up in the drill. This is the
school that drilled so nicely at the park
on the occasion of the competitive drill.
There were a large number of the pa
rents present to witness the exercises.
Printing and engraving, visiting cards
and invitations, tablets and papeteries,
writing papers and en% r e!opes, blank books
and memorandums, fountain pens and
Koh-i-noor pencils, and all office sup
plies at popular prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Charged With Burglary.
William Daly and Frank Anderson, two
well-known thieves, were arrested by De
tectives Dillon, Crockett and Sullivan and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary and having burglar tools
in their possession. They broke into a
room in the .German Hotel on January
17 and stole a watch and chain, a ring and
$4 in money.
Stop that cough with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
Wanted City Aid.
Several parties Interested In having a
California exhibit at the coming Omaha
exposition waited on the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors yes
terday to ask that the necessary appro
priation be made. J. E. Pilcher asked
that some aid be given, but as no peti
tion had been presented the committee
declined to take action until the matter
came up in the regular way.
... l " *^
ARE A FEW
Of trje leadloS
articles in'
T HE STAR
By
Editor JAMES H- BARFLY:
. School Board Iniquities
Raising Hell lor Money
. Not So Conclusive .
. Utterly Unjustifiable
Bottom Facts on Water
Jew-Baiting in France
Takes Out the Sting.
. fls^your Newsdealers for
THE STAR
.5, CENTS.
SUBSCRIPTION $1.50 Per Year.
Office 429 Montgomery St.
®®®©©®®®© ® ® ® © ® ® ® © @
1 INCREASING PATRONAGE, I
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT. ®
® • PROVES THAT THE ®
®LADIES' GRILL®
® %* PALACE I
©EXCELS IN EVERYTHING THAT MAKES
® THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ®
©Direct Entrance from Market Street. ®
®' . OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. / (5)
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
gjW Chl<>he«ter'» EnclUh DlatnoaJ Brand.
Pennyroyal pjlls
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P f~^ST7^. Origin olund Only Genuine. . A
V>/»*Vv\' •»'!. alwaj» reliable, uoict uk a\
' M VW Druggist for Otichtster « English DiajfX\\
tfri&Sr'&SPQmona Brand In Red Tad Gold mewlllcVVfiy
T^ -^>ftjß}b«XM, tnlei with bine ribbon. Take VBf
pi iwSno otber. Reftiae dangerous tubttitu* V J
I / "~ fjFtiomand imitation!. A: Dropsiitt.or •m,d4a.
I *•» yg i» !t»rar» for part!cnlar». intlmoalklr. and
. "** ■ B "Kellcf for Ladle*," m letttr, by return
~-\^__^lr Wall. 10,000 Te«imonl»lj. If mm: ,'ajrr,
_ ><1 " "~l Calche»t«>rCheaalc»lCo.,M«dl»o«li»»r«k
Ad brail Local DnuuittJ. I'll 1 1. At A.. VjS
DR.MCNULTY:
. '■PHIS "well-known and RKLIABLE OT.rj
X Specialist Prlvate^errous.Uloofiand Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20yesrs experience. Send for Book, tree. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 8
dally;B:3otoB.3oev'«fs. Sundays, 10tol2. Consulta-
t ion free and sacredly conflden tiaU Cull or address
■ 1». ROSCOE ncNVLTT, M. ».,
26.^ Scarny Street. Matt Franciaca*. fat,
© vi.it DR. JORDAN'S «*••*
JSm Museum of Anatomy
IPirll :::: basset st. v :•.;. s. r. :aL
§ » » The Largest of its kind in the World.
I^hl\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
iP't'L Conmltailon free. ICriw for Book
Wl of Marriage.
Q U '■'•.■ MAILED FftCC
f A PERMANENT CURE I
$ of the most obstinate cases of. Gonorrhoea c '
I ' " and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 * ,
I 1 days ;no other treatment required. - 5
s.. Sold by all druggists. . ■.-. .'';. ?
Wwvwvwwwwwvvvvvw
BjlcniUNN-S £%O|§l Mj&
The pure essential extract from the native drojr. Con-
i talus all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
j vltnout Us noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach;
Ino Tomit.ng ; no costiveiie*a , no facadaeUe. All Drugyi.-ta,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, >
KEARNT AND ' WASHINGTON STS.—
: modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. • European* plan. . Rooms • 50c •to $1 DOday,
$5 -.. to $8 : week.- $8 to ' $30 month. ; Free :■ baths ;
hot and cold water every • room; ! Ore grates la
every room: elevator runs all night. ;
"notary public^ '
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQQ MARKET ST.. '. OPP. ';" PAi.ACI3 ~ C
l)OO Hotel. Telephone : £70. Resldeoo* ' bit
■Valencia treat. ' Telephone, "Church" >U. ' -
S,ZO.^S^T
NS^33Q MARKET ST.Sf.^g^