VOLUME LXXXIT.— NO. 146.
HEARST VALUED HIS SILENCE
AT THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
A Futile Effort to Time-
Lock His Malignant
Tongue.
A Great Corporation's Pleading at
the Feet of a Deliberate
Blackmailer.
The Call has reproduced and com
mented on the secret contract between
the Examiner and the Southern Pa
cific Company, in which Hearst through
his representative agreed not to be
malicious, malignant nor to misrepre
sent the interests of that corporation
for a certain time. Mr. Hearst, con
fronted with the indisputable evidence
of his turpitude, shrieks "forgery" and
makes a personal attack on Mr. W. H.
Mills. In justice to the latter gentle
man The Call acquits him of any con
nection with the exposure of this black
mailing scheme of the Examiner. No
one connected with The Call consulted
Mr. Mills about the matter, nor did he
In any way contribute to the astonish
ing exposure which has stung Mr.
Hearst into a red-mouthed challenge
to Mr. Mills to sue him for libel and to
do a lot of other things which Mr. Mills
fcf»B no .'ntereat In doing, as he has had
no connection with anything that has
appeared in The Call.
As well might the Examiner make
mouths at the King of the Belgians and
challenge him to sue it, in a matter
•with which he has had no connection
nor relation. The facts we have pub
lished are these, and before we finish
■we will point out to Mr. Hearst a very
easy and simple way in which he can
disprove them, without waiting for a
suit by Mr. Mills or anybody else for an
opportunity to prove that he is not a
blackmailing scoundrel.
In June, 1892, a secret agreement was
made and entered into by and between
the Examiner and the Southern Pa
cific Company. This agreement, which
waß the basis of the open contract for
advertising, contains these stipulations:
The company (is to enjoy immunity
from hostility in the columns of the Ex
aminer and) is not to be the victim of
malirious attack of criticism or of mis-
representation; that the Examiner will
rot seek to create hostile sentiment in
#the minds of this community against the
Southern Pacific Company, or any of the
Interests it represents, and that while not
stipulating as against all criticism, it
agrees that criticism shall not proceed
from any motive of malice or maligni'y,
and that such criticism as may be found
necessary to keep and maintain the con-
fidence of the public, to the extent that
any public sentiment may have been
created from other sources is to be avoid
ed as much as possible,
June 15, 1892, the representative of the
Examiner agreed to all of the above
except the part inclosed in brackets.
To learn whether that part was not in
cluded in the agreement, the directors
were asked by Mr. Mills if it accorded
with their understanding, Mr. Mills
Baying in writing that it was his un-
HEARST'S SECRET AGREEMENT WITH THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
MADE IN 1892.
The company is to enjoy immunity from hostility in the col
umns of the Examiner, and is not to be the victim of malicious
attack or criticism or of misrepresentation; that the Examiner
wiH not seek to create hostile sentiment in the minds of this
community against the Southern Pacific Company or any of the
interests it represents, and that while not stipulating as against
all criticism, it agrees that criticism shall not proceed from any
motive of malice or malignity, and that such criticism as may be
found. necessary to keep and maintain the confidence of the pub
lic, to the extent that any public sentiment may have been
created from other sources, is to be avoided as much as possible.
COLONEL CROCKER: The
above is my understand
ing. How does it conform
to your understanding?
W. H. MILLS.
The San Francisco Call
derstandlng and Crocker and Towne In
writing declared that It was theirs.
After the company by those repre
sentatives had refused to recede and
excise the part in brackets, on June 29,
1592, the open contract was made, by
which the Southern Pacific Company
agreed to pay the Examiner $30,000 in
thirty monthly installments for adver
tising: in its Columbian Fair edition,
and that open contract contained this
1 clause:
"And all In accordance with an agree
ment entered into between the Ex
aminer management and C. F. Crocker,
A. N. Towne and William H. Mills, on
behalf of the Southern Pacific Com
pany."
That clause obviously did not mean
the contract in which It appeared, for
A. N. Towne was not a party thereto,
but a prior and perfected agreement to
which Towne was a party and which
was precedent to the contract and a
condition upon which the contract was
made.
The Examiner's Columbian Fair edi
tion was not issued until June 4, 1893,
but the payments on the blackmail
agreement began September 1, 1892,
nine months before the advertising ap
peared, and $8000 had been paid by
April 25, 1893, and on June 8, $2000 more
was paid, making practically a pay
ment of $10,000 before the advertising
had circulation.
On July 24, 1893, W. R. Hearst
hypothecated this open contract to the
First National Bank of San Francisco,
affixing his own signature to the as
signment, but first obtaining the in
dorsement of Colonel C. F. Crocker on
the back of the contract that the same
was valid and would be "paid when
due, according to the terms thereof."
Now, when Hearst assigned this con
tract to the bank putting his assign
ment and signature on its back along
side of Crocker's certificate to it, what
were the legal facts? Crocker certified
that the contract was valid and would
be paid when due "according to the
terms thereof." If there was no agree
ment behind the contract Hearst had
performed his part, for the Examiner
had completed >nd delivered the adver
tising called for, and had thereby com
pleted his undertaking openly written
in the contract. But Crocker's indorse
ment implied legally that Hearst'sVun
dertaking was not completed; that "ac
cording to the terms thereof" he had
something to do besides the advertis
ing which had been completed and de
livered. He may have been watching
crocodiles on the Nile, or listening to
the bulbul in Cashmere when his agents
were selling him to bondage to the
Southern Pacific but when he person-
This agrees with my
understanding quite fully.
Certainly nothing less
would b,e satisfactory.
CHARLES F. CROCKER.
June 18.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
LONG GREEN SEEKS TO SAVE HEARST FIRST — MAGUIRE AND PHELAN MUST
NOW SWIM FOR THEMSELVES.
ally hypothecated that contract with
the clause which made the secret agree
ment a part of It. and with Crocker's
indorsement of its validity if perform
ed "according to the terms thereof"
Hearst could not be ignorant of the
conditions of his sale to the corpora
tion, nor of the time lock it had upon
his lying and blackguardism for the
space of thirty months. •
At the date of this hypothecation
there was due on the contract $19,000,
and the Southern Pacific Company con
tinued payment to the Bank until June
11, 1894. The next payment due July
11, 1894, was defaulted by the company
on the ground that the "terms thereof"
had been violated by the Examiner.
The default went into controversy be
tween Hearst and the rajlfoad. On
September 24 Colonel Crocker wrote
Hearst:
"Some time in August' last W. F.
Herrin met yourself and your manager,
Mr. Henderson, relating to the install
ments unpaid on the contract between
your paper and the Southern Pacific
Company, dated June 29, 1892. I under
stand from Mr. Herrin that in your in
terview with him you agreed that at
the time this contract was made, pro
viding for the payment of $30,000 to the
Examiner, it was stated by your agents
as an inducement to the railroad for
making this contract that the Ex-
As I understand the
talk the above covers the
understanding fully.
A. N. TOWNE.
THE BOODLE AND
ITS PAYMENT
These Are the Amounts
and Dates When Paid to
W. R. Hearst by the South
ern Pacific Company to
Enable It to Enjoy Immu
nity From Hostility in the
Columns of the Examiner
Until Hearst Violated the
Secret Agreement.
MONARCH OF THE DAILIES.
San Francisco,
July 21, 1892.
W. H. Mills, Southern Pacific
Land Agent,
To Examiner, Dr.
1893.
June 4, 1893, for ad
vertising World's
Fair edition $80,000
Sept. 1, 1892, by cash.. 1,000
October 1, by cash 1,000
November 23 »■ 1,000
1893.
February 16 " 1,600
April 26 " 3,500
June 8 " 2,000
July 10 " 1,000
$11,000
Balance - $19,000
1893.
Aug. 10, paid on acet.. $1,000
Sep. 11 M " ... 1,000
Oct. 10 •• " ... 1,000
Nov. 10 " " ... 1,000
Dec. 10 " " ... 1,000
1894.
Jan. 10 " " ... 1,000
Feb. 14 " " ... 1,000
March 12 " " .... 1,000
April 11 " " .... 1,000
May 10 " M .... 1,000
June 11 " " .... 1,000
aminer would accord to the railroad
company fair treatment In its columns.
Mr. Herrln then Informed you that it
was my opinion as well as that of the
other directors of the Southern Pa
cific Company, that the Examiner had
not, especially during the strike, given
the company fair treatment. To this
you replied that you believed that the
WILLIAM R. HEARST'S CONTRACT,
ITS APPROVAL AND ASSIGNMENT
OF THE ILL-GOTTEN GAINS.
This Is the Contract Entered Into Between W. R. Hearst and the Southern
Pacific Company in Accordance With the Secret Agreement.
C. M. Palmer Esq., Business Manager of the Examiner, San Francisco, Cal. —
Dear Sir: We hereby agree to engage space in the Grand Special World's Fair edition of
the San Francisco Examiner, matter to be furnished by us, including cuts, of twenty pages
or one hundred and forty columns, for which the Southern Pacific Company agrees to pay
thirty thousand dollars, ($30,000), gold coin of the United States, payable at the rate of one
thousand dollars ($1000) per month, the first monthly installment to become due and pay
able August 31, 1892, and running thence at the rate of one thousand dollars ($1000)
per month, or in larger installments, at the option of the Southern Pacific Company; and
all in accordance with an agreement entered into between the Examiner
management and C. F. Crocker, A. N. Towneand William H. Mills, on behalf
of the Southern Pacific Company; it being understood that the < said edition shall
have a minimum issue of five hundred thousand copies, and the same shall be published
simultaneously in San Francisco and Chicago, on or about the date of the official opening
of the Columbian Exposition.
And it is further agreed that the said matter shall be subject of enlargement, alter
ation and revision at the option of the Southern Pacific Company at any time prior to
February 1, 1893. Yours truly,
W. H. MILLS, for the Southern Pacific Company. .
CHARLES F. CROCKER, Vice-President.
San Francisco, July 21, 1893.
Colonel Crocker Approves the Contract in Accordance With the Secret Agreement.
The above contract was duly entered into by the Southern Pacific Company, and
the money will be paid by the treasurer of the company to the San Francisco Examiner o»*
order when due according to the terms thereof.
CHARLES F. CROCKER, Vice-President.
San Francisco, July 21, 1893.
Hearst's Assignment of Boodle in Accordance With the Secret Agreement.
July 24, 1893.
For value received I hereby assign the within claim against the Southern Pacific
Company, balance due theYeon at this date being $19,000, to the First National Bank of
San Francisco. The Examiner.
Witness: I. C. STUMP, . _ * W. R. HEARST \
Proprietor of the Exam*
iner Stung by the
Expose.
He Was Paid to Be Decent and
Then Refused to Remain
Bought
Examiner had fairly treated the rail
road company, and that if you thought
it had not done so you would not ex
pect the company to make any further
payments on the above-mentioned con
tract. • • • It was certainly a part
of the contract between the Examiner
and the railroad company that the Ex
aminer should and would accord fair
treatment to the railroad. In view of
this contract I do not assume for a
moment that you would insist upon the
railroad's paying the Examiner the full
sum of $30,000 if the Examiner had not,
on its part, fully performed the stipu
lations made on its behalf."
Why did Hearst say to Herrin that,
if he thought the Examiner had not
treated the railroad fairly he would
not expect further payment on a con
tract which in its own text said noth
ing about fair treatment a 8 one of its
conditions, if there were no other and
precedent agreement made a part of the
contract in the clause: "aTid all in ac
cordance with an agreement entered
into between the Examiner manage
ment and C. F. Crocker, A. N. Towne
and William H. Mills, on behalf of the
Southern Pacific Company," of which
he betrayed guilty knowledge when he
admitted to Herrin that unfairness
would void the contract and he would
SAN FRANCISCO, June 29, 1892.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
not expect the balance to be paid. Now
there is a consecutive statement of the
steps In this extortion of blackmail
from its inception, in the spring of 1892,
to Hearst's violation of his blackmail
treaty in 1894, and his admission to
Herrin that if he had not stayed bought
he would not expect the payment of the
balance of his price. We reproduce a
copy of that secret agreement, the orig
inal is in existence and we will repro
duce a fac-simile of it.
This blackmailing blackguard Hearst
is entitled to full and free publication
of the exact form in which he sold and
conveyed himself to the Southern Pa
cific Company and he shall have it. His
blackguard attack on Mr. Mills is in
tended to divert public attention from
the real issue. The public will not be
affected unfavorably toward Mr. Mills
by that attack, for every decent man
will Understand that he has not chosen
to purchase "immunity" from Hearst's
lying and blackguardism.
In the beginning of this plain state
ment we said there was a simple way
to the Judicial finding of the facts in
this matter. If there were no secret
blackmail agreement, referred to In the
advertising contract of June 29, 1892,
Continued on Sixth Page.2
FRANCE FIRM
IN HOLDING ON
TO FASHODA
War Not Sought, but Will Not Be
Avoided at the Price of
Dishonor.
Orders Given by trje Admiralty Cause Rurrjors
TY)at Great Britain Will Soon Send
an Ultiroaturi).
Special Cable to The Call nn«l the Sevr York: Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Jbuks Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 23.— Interest in the
Fushoda incident is increasing.
Indeed, a certain tone of anxiety
is noticeable in pnbii i opinion.
Thtre was a rumor last even
ing that England Intended to send an
ultimatum to-night. The press repeats
it and says it is current in official cir
cles in London. This is probably noth
ing more than an alarmist view of
orders Riven by the admiralty in va
rious directions, notably that warships
at Portsmouth shall bring up their
crews to the full strength. Hava's
Agency announce- that official notes
have been given out to the English pa
pers denying that any warlike prepara
tion is intended in these orders.
As a matter of fact, everything is be
ing done here to settle the question
peacefully. Most of the papers discuss
the compromise as an acceptable ar
rangement. All of them refuse even to
consider the recall of Marchand pure
and simple.
The Liberte, in discussing the speech
of M. Chaplin, says the president of
the local government board is like all
his colleagues. Lord Salisbury himself,
while expressing pacific sentiments and
friendship for France, demands the
evacuation of Fashoda by Marchand as
preliminary to negotiations.
"That," says Liberte, "it must be said
and repeated, the English Government
will never obtain. We don't insist," it
adds, "upon the occupation of Fashoda,
but we do absolutely upon having ac
cess 'i the 1 -le. If an agreement is
possible on this ba*»is we ask nothing
better than to subscribe to it. But it
ought to be clearly understood that till
such an arrangement has been concluded
and so long as the region allotted to us
has not been placed undjer our absolute
sovereignty or exactly defined the
i<'rench flag will remain at 1 ashoda
with Marchand guarding it. We pro
voke nobody, but we insist upon our
rights being respected."
What the Liberte says is representa
tive of the French press. War is not
sought, but will not be avoided at the
price of dishonor.
FRANCE'S CLAIMS TO
FASHODA ARE SET FORTH
PARIS, Oct. 23. — A semi-official note
issued this evening says: "There is no
foundation for the alarmist rumors re
garding the relations between France
and Great Britain. It is very incorrect
to say that extraordinary measures
have been taking place at any of our
r.aval ports."
The Fashoda yellow book is volumin
ous, but it does not include Major Mar
chand's report, which will be published
later. The dispatches were largely an
ticipated by the English Fashoda blue
book.
The diplomatic conversations re
ceived show a curious endeavor on the
French side to represent that Mar
chand's mission was quite as important
as General Kitchener's, on the ground
that the struggle was against the Kha
lifa and barbarism.
On September 18 M. del Casse, the
Foreign Minister, informed the British
Embassador to France, Sir Edmund
Monson, in explicit language, that
France did not regard Lord Salisbury's
claim to the Soudan by virtue of con
quest as aplying to Fashoda, on the
ground that the Marchand expedition
went to the relief of the French expe
dition under Captain Licolard, which
dated from a period long before the de
claration in the House of Commons by
Sir Edward Gray, Under Secretary of
State ft r Foreign Affairs in Lord Rose
bery's Cabinet, as to the policy of the
British Government toward the Soudan
and at a time when the equatorial prov
inces were lost to civilization. In fact,
M. del Casse argued unless Great Brit
ain possessed the Sultan's mandate as
wfcU as the Khedive's to acquire all
former Egyptian provinces France con
sidered herself equally entitled with
England to possession of any point oc
cupied by French officers.
Judging 1 from the yellow book dis
patches the foregoing represents the
French standpoint, and M. del Casse
contends that as Marchand reaphed Fa-
Bhoda first England had no right to de
mand an evacuation of Fashoda prior
to negotiations.
On September 20 M. del Casse de
clared to Sir Edmund Monsun that such
a demand would be equivalent to an
ultimatum and wonld afford a sacri
fice of France's material interests. So
long as her honor was intact, for the
sake of the Anglo-French entente no
one could doubt what would be the re
ply of France to such a demand.
The subsequent dispatches appearing
in the yellow book relate to conversa
tions between Baron de Courcel, French
Embassador in London, and Lord Salis
bury, the latter contending that the
capture of Khartoum entitled Egypt to
possession of all the Mahdi's dominions,
and the French Embassador arguing
that Major Marchand had captured
Fashoda before General Kitchener took
Khartoum and that France had for a
long time held several posts on the
Bahr-el-Gazel.
Lord Salisbury retorted that the
French forces in the regions referred to
were too weak to constitute effective
occupation.
A final dispatch dated October 12
from Baron de Courcel to M. del Casse
records a conversation with Lord Sal
isbury in which the French Embassa
dor claimed access to the Nile through
the Bahr-el-Gazel and asked for an
amicable delimitation of the respective
spheres of interest of the two powers,
in replying to which Lord Salisbury in
dicated that it would be necessary for
him to consult his colleagues.
ENGLAND CALLS HOME
ALL RESERVE OFFICERS
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Major James R
Graham, an officer in the Yeoman Cav
alry Regiment in England, a branch of
the service which corresponds to the
militia in the American military es
tablishment, who has been visiting
friends in this city, to-day .received an
order from an officer in command of
the division of which his regiment
forms a part, to return to England at
once to prepare for military duty.
"Since receiving the cable," said Ma
jor Graham, "I have communicated
with a number of British officers whom
I knew to be on leave and visiting in
this country, and found ail had received
a similar order. But one interpretation
of the order can be made to my mind.
] believe my country is on the verge of
war with France over the Fashoda in
cident and that the entire military es
tablishment including the reserves, of
which my regiment forms a part, is
to be put upon a war footing. That offi
cers in the regular service should be
called home is not surprising and would
scarcely cause comment, but when offi
cers and men of the reserves are per
emptorily called it is safe to say the
situation is regarded seriously by those
high in authority. I shall leave at
once."
SITUATION HAS AN .
OMINOUS OUTLOOK
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The French yel
low book on Fashoda seems to Indicate
an intention of the French Government
to utilize the Marchand affair as a
means of raising the whole Egyptian
question. This impression is confirmed
by the comments of most of the Paris
papers this morning.
The London press admits the gravity
of the situation revealed by the yellow
book, but the papers are unanimous in
declaring that it is impossible for Lord
Salisbury to consent to any negotiation
until Fashoda is evacuated. As, how
ever, the French Minister, M. del Casse,
with equal firmness, declines to with
draw Marchand without previous nego
tiations, the situation has an ominous
outlook.
The Times in its editorial said Lord
Salisbury has replied to Baron de Cour
cel's pretensions with the decision
which might have been hoped for.
Baron de Courcel, after a long confer
with M. del Casse, left Paris for
London yesterday.
According to the Temps, he had an
important conversation with Lord Sal
isbury before he left London, and will
have another on returning there.
Another dispatch from Paris says it
is rumored that he is bringing to Lon
don definite proposals for the evacua
tion of Fashoda on condition that
France be granted a Nile outlet on the
River Bahr-el-Gazal, one of the tribu
taries of the Nile, entering it about 150
miles southwest of Fashoda at Mok
rem-el-Bohur.
M. Lockroy, the Minister of Marine,
expects that the movement of the
troops to Cherbourg is merely one of
relief forces for Crete a..d the colonies.
ACTIVITY OF THE
FRENCH ARSENALS
CHERBOURG, France, Oct. 23.—Or
ders have been received at the military
and naval arsenals here to prepare for
the arrival of a large body of troops to
morrow. The barracks are being hur
riedly put in order for their reception.
SHIPWRECKED SEAMEN
' CANNOT BE RESCUED
Clinging to the Bigging of a Strand
ed Bark, but Lifeboats Are Un
able to Beach Them.
HALIFAX, N. S.. Oct. 23.— Tugs which
have been endeavoring for hours to
reach a large square rigged vessel ashore
on Thrumpcap Shoals, about a mile and
a half from here, have abandoned the
effort to save the crew of the unknown
craft. The vessel was discovered on the
rocks at daylight this morning, having
gone ashore in the heavy gale last night.
Only the masts are visible from shore and
five have been counted on the masts of
the stranded steamer. At first the vessel
was thought to be a fishing bark.
During the morning the crew could be
seen making signals, but the blinding
spray of the sea breaking over the hull,
prevented them being understood. Life
boats from the Devils station were early
on the scene, but could not get within a
half mile of the shoals. The noise o£ the
surf was terrific. This afternoon tugs got
near enough for Mr. Crosby, the Halifax
agent of tno barkentine Irma, which was
due from Turku Islands with salt, to ven
ture the opinion that the vessel was the
Irma, It was conjectured that the vessel
might be the barkentine Ida Maud, but
the dismasted hull appeared too large.
A life buoy attached to a email Hne was
sent off from the stranded vessel this
evening and was allowed to float down to
one- of the life boats. An attempt was
then made to pass a heavy line, but the
small railing broke and darkness coming:
on, another attempt could not be made.
As only five men were seen on the vessel
and the crew of the Irma numbered nine,
it is feared that four have been lost. The
sea is still high a.nd further efforts to
rescue the crew have had to be aban
doned.
It is feared the vessel cannot hold to
gether much longer and much anxiety
exists. The Irma is 2223 tons, owned in
Liverpool, N. 8., and Commanded by Cap
tain Taylor of this city.
COLORED SERGEANT
PRECIPITATES A RIOT
Kills a Bystander While Trying to
Rescue a Drunken Comrade
From Policemen.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Oct. 23.-Ser
geant Clarence Allen, Company I, Eighth
(colored) United States Infantry immunes,
fired on three policemen who were at
tempting to arrest a colored soldier who
w.as drunk and threateningly displaying
his revolver In a crowd. One of the bul
lets from Allen's pistol took effect in the
head of Charles Beagles, a white man,
standing in a saloon, killing him instant
ly- A general fusillade from policemen
and soldiers followed. One of the police
men, Moseley, was slightly wounded In
the arm. Allen was finally arrested and
lodged hi jail. The riot produced great
excitement. General Boynton ordered a
strong provost guard to the city at once.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
SPANIARDS URGE CUBANS
TO DEMAND INDEPENDENCE
Natives fire Also Seeding an Opportunity to
Combine Against Their flroericao
BerjeFactors.
HAVANA, via Key \Vest, Oct. 23.—
Pazy Libertad, one of the daily papers
of Cienfuegos, published with sanction
of the Government, prints a manifesto
with over 300 signatures, a great many
of which are those of Spaniards, openly
proclaiming Cuban independence.
Owing to the fact that Spanish of
ficers are selling commissary stores at
any price obtainable, army, supplies are
now a drug in the market in the in
terior, making legitimate trade impossi
ble. It is asserted as the Spanish rule"
in Cuba draws to a close, corruption
and robbery daily become more open
and wholesale. The committee of trans
portation, charged with furnishing pas
sage tickets to Spanish officers return
ing to Spain, are charging an arbitrary
rate of $4 each for a berth. If the vic
tim refuses to give up he is made to
wait for several stearm •« the commis
sion claiming that there is no room.
This abuse is openly spoken of, but the
present situation is a free-for-all, grab
as-grab-can game and every one ap
pears, eager to make money while the
Spanish sun shines.
The official report of the burials in
the city of Havana since the first of the
present year shows that there have been
16,821 interments. The average death
rate keeps on steadily at 47 per day.
Great discontent prevails among the
Spanish troops because of non-pay
ments, in some cases for six months, i
in others for seven months and in still |
others for even eight months, and the j
soldiers fear that they will be embarked j
for Spain without receiving their pay. j
The poor quality of food supplied to |
nearly all the soldiers has occasioned
much ill-feeling and serious insub
ordination is feared in several locali
ties. In the province of Puerto Prin
cipe, of the 400 members of the civil
guards 300 have deserted and gone over
to the insurgents. At -Nuevitas the
Tarragona Battalion became insub
ordinate and attempted to join the in
surgents on account of the short ra
tions and the wretched quality of the
food supplied by their chief. General
March, in command of that province,
on learning of this occurrence, went to
Nuevitas and succeeded in quieting the
FIERCE RACE WAR
IN MISSISSIPPI
One White Man and Nine
Negroes Killed.
RETURNS STILL COMING IN
CITIZENS HUNTING A BAND OF
ASSASSINS.
Have the Names of Forty Colored
Men "Who Started the Slaugh
ter and Are Determined
to Capture Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Oct. 23.— A special to the
Commercial Appeal from Forest, Miss.,
says: As a result of an attempt to ar
rest a negro near Harpersville, Scott
County, in the eastern part of the
State, one white deputy was killed, three
wounded and according to the latest re
port nine negroes have been killed by
the citizens of the Harpersville neigh
borhood and. the Sheriff's posse com
bined. The pursuit of about fifty ne
! groes, which had joined the original of
fender with the avowed determination
to prevent his arrest and capture, and
which ambushed the party attempting
the arrest, continues and by morning
the number of fatalities will undoubt
edly have assumed large proportions.
The whole country is terribly aroused
and the Sheriff's posse has been rein
forced with men from all the neighbor
ing towns.
GoVernor McLaurin has gone to the
scene, which is about ten miles nor'.h
of Forest, the nearest railroad, point.
The trouble originated last Friday,
when a negro named Burke had an al
tercation with his employer, Charles
Freeman, a white man," in which the
negro got the better of the difficulty.
The next night a crowd of white men,
headed by Wallace Sibley, went to
Burkes house. When they arrived
upon the scene and called for Burke
they were greeted with a fusillade from
the negroes concealed in the bushes
surrounding the house and in the house
itself. Wallace Sibley, the leader, fell
dead at the first volley and three more
white members T3f the crowd, James
Johnson, James Hilton and Jamea
Wells, were -wounded. The whites re
turned the fire, but were unable to do
any execution, as their assailants were
all concealed. There were not more
than eight men in the white crowd, and
finding it impossible to resist effectively
they dispersed toward Harpersville. It
was not known at that time that Sibley
was injured, but upon a return to the
scene this morning he was found dead
in the yard. The wounded deputies
were able to get back to town.
This occurrence took place early in
the night. When the crowd returned to
Harperville the news spread like wild
fire. During 'the night a large crowd
gathered. They Immediately went to
Burkes house and got from his mother
the names of all the parties in the
crowd who had ambushed the whites
the night before. In all there were
about forty negroes who had gathered
to prevent the arrest of Burke, and a
list was made up at her dictation. All
of them had fled. Then the pursuit and
search for each of the proscribed dar
kies began. According to the state
ment of reliable citizens, six negroes
were found and killed by the crowd of
armed and determined citizens before
the Sheriff arrived.
This morning Sheriff Stevenson was
wired of the condition of affairs and he
was asked to get together a posse and
come to Harpersville. Gathering a
posse of twenty men he Btarted. He
was Joined by a crowd of citizens num
bering over 300 men. Immediately
soldiers by furnishing them with good
and plentiful rations. Many soldiers
until recently were deserting, but Gen
eral Blanco's decree regarding disband
ment has put a stop to the defections.
Over 5000 soldiers have been mustered
out- since the issuance of the decree.
The sanitary brigades of Havana,
Guanabacoa, Regla and Gunes. with
several other localities in Havana
province. have petitioned General
Blanco that they be disbanded so that
they may -remain in the island. Some
of the engineer brigades have also
asked for their discharge. The greater
part of them are composed of the best
drilled soldiers. Over 400 of the 700
members of the Orden Publico at Ha
j vana have also asked that they be mus
tered out in order that they might re
main in Cuba, 50 per cent of the civil
guards in the island have made a simi
lar request. None of the artillerymen,
however, have asked, to be allowed to
remain. The reason for this is said to
be that the artillery chiefs maintain an
honest administration, and that the
soldiers are well supplied with food and
clothing and are paid up to date.
About fifty Cuban patriotic clubs have
been organized in Havana under the
management in a large majority of
cases by physicians, lawyers and other
professional men. Many of the mem
bers of some of these clubs attended the
first meetings wearing the Cuban and
American flags crossed. The presiding
officers of several of the clubs, noticing
the insigna in the buttonholes of the
coats of members, ordered that in fu
ture only the Cuban flag should be
worn. In many instances this order was
complied with.
Cuban General Re"o has arrived at
Havana from Puerto Principe and is
preachin- in the Havana cafes and the
insurgent camps near the city a holy
war aprainst the Americans. He has in
terviewed many of the leaders of the
Cubans and has urged the carrying on
of the war against the Americans if
independence is not at once granted to
Cuba.
Cuban Colonel Torriet has also ar
rived at Havana from the east, and is
carrying on a strong campaign against
the Americans and Calixto Garcia,
whom he professes to look upon as a
after leaving the house where the first
tragedy was committed the negroes
scattered through the surrounding
country.
A reliable telephone message was re
ceived at a late hour to-night that three
more negroes were found and killed,
making a total of nine killed to-day,
with about forty more to be heard
from. Sheriff Stevenson, realizing the
danger apprehended, immediately wired
Governor McLaurin at Brandon for aid
in quelling a probable widespread dis
turbance. Upon receipt of his telegram
the Governor wired Adjutant General
Henry W. Jackson to get together a
company of the National Guard and
proceed to the scene upon the first
train. General Henry Immediately re
sponded that there was no National
Guard obtainable, but he would get to
gether a company of armed men and
render all necessary assistance.
In the meantime the Governor se
cured a special train at Brandon and,
accompanied by a posse of thirty men,
proceeded to Forest. Arriving here
early in the evening and finding that
there was little danger of the riot as
suming proportions beyond the abillty
of the pos3e on hand to keep in bounds,
he wired General Henry that it was un
necessary for him to bring his volun
teers from Jackson.
The posse is operating in the swamps
about a mile from Harpersville. where
most of the fugitives are supposed to
be concealed. There is a message here
to the effect that the citizens are ap
prehensive of armed negroes entering
the town to-night, and guards will be
set to prevent a surprise. The Gov
ernor and Mr. Henry are naturally
counseling moderation, but in the ex
cited state of the public mind a general
fear is expressed that the public will
not regard the suggestion favorably.
Their presence will have a good effect
in restraining the number of fatalities
after enough negroes have been killed
to satisfy the outraged feelings in that
section.
WHITF GUARD SHOT BY
NEGROES IN THE NIGHT
Sequel to the Riots at Ashpole, N. C.,
Pursuit and Capture of Four
Assassins.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Oct. 23.— A
special to the Star from Lumberton
says: At 3 o'clock this morning a squad
from the negroes who were dispersed
at Ashpole, Robeson County, crept up
to town and shot three whites stationed
there as guards. They were Albert
Floyd, Robert Inman and William Bul
lard. Bullard is seriously wounded and
the others are slightly hurt. A hundred
whites with bloodhounds are now In
pursuit, and it is said four of the ne
groes have been caught. The whites
are telegraphing the principal towns in
the State for Winchester rifles to be
sent there immediately.
The four negroes who shot the three
white guards were captured near Ash
pole. They were brought to bay by the
whites and are now confined in box
cars at Ashpole and heavily guarded.
It is feared that the negroes will at
tempt to assassinate the guards, which
will so exasperate the whites as to
cause more serious trouble. The guard
was composed of eight or ten men who
were standing around the fire In the
open air, thus becoming easy targets
for the negroes^ w;h.o fired under cover
of darkness and then fled.
The Ashpole incident has increased
the excitement at Wilmington, which
is near the riot line.
INDIGNATION CAUSED
BY AN EDITOR'S ARREST
MADRID, Oct. 23.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Correa, Minister of War, threatens
to resign unless the Government up- I
holds the action of General Chinchilla,
Captain General of Madrid,, who. last
week imprisoned Senor Flguerea, editor
of El Nacional, for publishing an ar
ticle not previously submitted to the
censor — the imprisonment being resent
ed in certain quarters as an infringe
ment of Figuerea's alleged immunity
from arrest as a member of the Cham
ber of D ( --'Utles.
Senor Gamazo on Friday last tender
ed his resignation as Minister of Public
Instruction and Public Works as a pro
test against the arrest of Senor Fl
guerea. Hlb resignation taken with the
traitor to the Cubans, having been
bribed by American gold. The colonel
in an interview with one of the leading
newspapers in Havana has made all
sorts of charges against Garcia and the
Americans, but the censor would not
allow an account of the interview to
be published, fearing that it might give
rise to disturbances.
A secret circular has been sent to the
presidents of all the Cuban patriotic
committees denouncing a large number
of Cubans who are looked upon as
traitors to the cause of Cuban inde
pendence and are charged with being
attached to the Americans. The cir
cular recommends a vigorous contest
against not only Spanish residents, but
against the Americans as well, "who
are endeavoring to steal the Cubans'
victory."
The Spanish Colonel Cervera, Mili
tary Governor of Mariano, pays daily
visits to the insurgent camps in his dis
trict, advising the Cubans not to sur
render their arms and to make resist
ance until the independence of the
island is declared. Colonel Cervera is
an intimate friend of General Parrado,
president of the Spanish Evacuation
Commission. '
During the last two weeks several
hundred Remington carbines and large
quantities of ammunition have beer
sent from Havana, it is presumed, by
some of the Spanish chiefs.
The Spanish residents, manufac
turers, merchants and planters are
somewhat alarmed and criticize in se
vere terms the behavior of some of the
Spanish chiefs, who, it is alleged, are
acting suspiciously in many places and
are working in favor of Cuban inde
pendence, advising the Cubans to per
sist in their revolutionary attitude. For
this reason many of the Spanish resi
dents here have written long letters to
friends in Madrid in order that the
home Government may be acquainted
with what is happening in the islands,
and have requested that on behalf of
Spain's interests and the part of the
Spanish residents the evacuation may
be completed as soon as possible, so as
to avoid prolonging the existing dan
gerous condition of affairs.
threat of X3eneral Correa, Indicates a
radical division of sentiment in the Sa
gasta Ministry on the subject.
The Madrid newspapers, according to
a cable dispatch Friday have addressed
a complaint to the Supreme Court of
Madrid against General Chinchilla's ac
tion. The Captain General on the ap
pearance of the uncensored article, or
dered the suppression of. El Nacional,
but the suspension order was event
ually annulled. .
♦
SAGASTA CABINET
TO STAY IN POWER
Special cable to The Call and the New York-
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Oct. 23.— 1n spite of what
you may hear to the contrary there is
every possibility that the Ministerial
crisis will be arranged amicably to
morrow. This will be due to the ap
peals made to those who wish to re
sign that in the present condition of
affairs it would be unpatriotic to leave,
and probably with the departure of
Senor Gamazo the matter will end.
Senor Sagasta is disposed at all haz
ards to hold his party in power, and
the chances of Silvela are further off
than ever. Should there be a change it
would be General Polavieja with a Min
istry composed of non-political men.
He had an audience of two hours yes
terday with the Queen Regent.
HOBSON'S NEXT EXPLOIT.
After an Appropriation to Raise the
Vizcaya.
SANTIAGO, Oct. 23.— 1t is reported from
Guantanamo that Naval Constructor Hob
son, who left there early last week for
Jamaica, is going to Washington to ob
tain an appropriation of $1,000,000 for the
purpose of raising the sunken Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN
DON'T LET YOUR PAST ERRORS WRECK THE HAPPINESS OF
your life. You can be cured. Over 10,000 such men as you have been cured
during the past year by.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This Is the only sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It has taken the
place of drugs, which never cure. Electricity is life, and restores life to
men who have lost it. ... ,- -.^
Do you feel any of the effects of past neglect of
the laws of health? The thoughtlessness of boy-
hood and the ignorance of girlhood ruin thousands
of lives. They take away nature's vitality, which is
the groundwork of health.
Perfect manhood depends nnon it. True and
lovely womanhood is impossible without it
Electricity has done much for us. It is a
natural invigorant. No better way of using it can
be found than Dr. Sanden's Eelectrlc Belt. Its
strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow
stronger day by day, and weak women regain the
flush of health from it.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a grand remedy.
Its power is felt instantly. The blood Jumps
with life from it. A valuable book for either sex
will be sent free upon request. Consultation free
and invited.
Call or address
Are You a
Weak Nan?
Are You a
Weak Woman?
Do Your
Nenes Tremble?
Does Your
Back Ache?
DR. A.T. SANDEN,
708 Market Strut, Corner Keirny, Bu T r*aeisj».
Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West
Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street;
Dallas, Tex., 286 Main street; Butte, Mont., .
110 North Main street. ;.. - ... ......
EMPEROR OF CHINA'S
ILLNESS INCURABLE.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The Peking: correspondent of the Times says:
The French physicians who recently examined the Emperor have re
ported to the Tsung Li Yamen that his Majesty is suffering from al
buminaria, with incipient phthisis and general debility.
PEKING, Oct. 23.— The Emperor of China is believed to be afflicted
with an incurable kidney disease, though It is probable that he will
linger for a considerable time.
FAILURE OF
COLONY OF
COMMUNISTS
Death of New Icarian
Institution.
FOUNDED BY ETIENNE CABET
AND FLOURISHED DUBINC* HIS
LEADERSHIP.
■
However, the Younger Element
Finally Became Dissatisfied and
Went Forth Into -'. Gayer
Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORNING, .lowa, Oct. 23.— The long
est lived and undoubtedly the most
nearly successful 'experiment ever made
in the Western Hemisphere with pure
communism, came to an end, when,
late yesterday afternoon, Judge H. M.
Towner in the District Court entered
an order discharging the receiver of the
New Icarian Community, and formally
declaring the business of the commu
nity wound up.
Etienne Cabet, scholar historian,
agitator, sociologist and philanthropist,
who two generations ago was stirring
France with his socialistic and commu
nistic writings; who contributed much
toward inciting the revolution of 1848,
of which he was afterward historian;
contemporary and co-worker of Proud
hon in behalf of the poor and oppressed
of France, and finally, exiled from his
own country, was the founder of the
community which, after an existence
of almost half a century, came to an
end yesterday.
Cabet, scientific communist, tried to
found his first colony in France, but
the Government of Louis Philippe was
opposed to such experiments, and its
opposition forces to the Icarians, as ad
herents of the new communistic doc
trines called themselves, to go to the
new world. The Icarians went first
to Texas, where they were offered an
area as large as a pood-sized French
department for experiment. The em
issaries, after looking over the pros
pect, decided against it, and went back
to New Orlenas. Here they were joined
by others, and at last, when the Mor
mons left Nauvoo, Illinois, the Icari
ans, who had bought the old Mormon
holdings, secured from the Illinois Leg
islature a charter granting special priv
ileges and Immunities. About 2000
French enthusiasts joined them, Cabet
at their head. He was practically dic
tator of the community: for years no
question was raised as to his authority,
and so long as he was in charge all
went well. The community grew and
prospered and there was peace and
plenty.
Dissensions arose, however, and Ca
bet decided to "o farther "West, and in
1853 4000 acres were secured near this
city, where .New Icaria was established.
The" were compelled to mortgage the
settlement, which caused another dis
sension, and the question of removing
to California was discussed, but finally
defeated. The mortgage was eventu
ally paid and the community prosper
ed, but never -row however, as the
younger men and women constrastinsr
their primitive habits of life with the
comparative luxury of their neighbors,
left as fast as they became independ
ent of their elders. In 1895, seeing the
helplessness of the struggle to perpetu
it^. : ; : *
" NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt '
Is never sold In drug Stores
nor by traveling agents; only
. at our office.
*— — i -*
ate the colony, application was" madfc
to the courts for a division of the prop
erty and settlement with those remain
ing loyal. This was completed late Sat
urday, and another was added to the
long list of communistic failures.
Drowned in Lake Michigan.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— A small skiff In
which were Louis Baban, son of a wealthy
brick manufacturer of Evanston, William
Schaffer and another man whose identity
has not yet been established, capsized in
the lake this afternoon and all were
drowned. The men were duck hunting.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6, 000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND HEEVOUB DISOBDEBS
such as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals, Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushing
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness,
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IK TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEECIIAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com- *
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
• '.' — ' And have the .
LARGEST SALE
Of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores. - .
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICTJEETIMS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL. ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THB
ISSUES OF THE DAT ON
MONDAY, OCTOBER 24-,
AT - - :;-* :
Thirtieth. Greggain's Hall. Sixth and Fol-
Bom. .' ; .
Forty-second, Turn Verein Hall, 310 O'Far--
rell.
Thirty-third, Twenty-second and Michigan. •
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. JASPER McDONALD. Cliairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary. .
FOR
MAYOR: ;;;-
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN -
NOMINEE.
FOR. . m : i
PUBLIC. . . )
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
r.ErTTBI)ICAN. ARTISAN. AXO POP»
UXJST NOMINEE. '*
COUNTY CLERK,
COUNTT CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. [■
VOTE FOR.
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE. RESPECTED.
conn..! RHODES BORDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND'PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE. ■.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
b^^Sfct^^ THE NEW ,
ts-vr ioth D. T . -Si JQSy *n rrftllbnii
VITALIS A RcKnV
B??f5v H « ABoTit D^- REiEDYi.
Hightly Emuilon., Eril Dreuns W M tin K Di«»s»»nd alleffieU
atw.lf.abnw or «xe«. and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
«% A w' ng H'toorr- Ward. oS In.anity and Coniaino--
tton. Curn when all others fail. Insist on having VITAIJB,
no other. Can bo carried In the vest pocket. By mail #1,00
per packaje orstx for $5.00 with » guarantee to Cnre or
-JJS.5r* Money. Circn)ar Free. Addres* ■'
CALUMET CUKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Cklcag*
Bold by Owl Drug Co. t 3. 7., and Oakland,G, A, KNIGHT
A CANDIDATE
FOR SENATOR
He Enters the Lists
Against Barnes.
HIS FORMAL ANNOUNCEMENT
DECLARES HIMSELF A SUPPORT
EB OP McKINLEY.
Believes Every Foot of Soil Acquired
by American Valor Should
Be Retained by the \
Government.
George A. Knight, the well known
lawyer and orator, of this city, has for
mally announced his candidacy for the
United States Senate In the event that
GEORGE A, KNIGHT.
the next Legislature is. controlled by
the Republicans. The following state
ment over his own signature is a suffi
cient guarantee that he win make a
hard fight for the honor:
TO THE PUBLIC.
I take this method of announcing
to the people that in the event of
the success of the Republican party
in the election of a majority of the
members of the Legislature this
fall, I will become a candidate for
L'nitf-d States Senator.
I believ.? it is but fair to the
voter that those who aspire to that
exalted position should so declare
their candidacy before the election
of members of the Legislature, so
that the citizen may have some
Idea, at least, for whom he is
voting.
Should I be chosen United States
Senator. I only can pledge the peo
ple to be honest with them, loyal
to my party, and true to my indi
vidual sense of right and justice.
1 am a McKinley Republican, and
if elected to the Senate will assist
in holding up the hands of that wise
statesman and in sustaining his
policy.
I believe this nation has a greater
destiny than Its founders ever
dreamed of, and that no man or
organization of men should be per
mitted to obstruct its progress;
that every foot of soil acquired by
the valor and blood of the Ameri
can soldier and sailor should be
retained as a part and parcel of this
great republic, and that American
industry and American commerce
should be extended to the four
quarters of the globe.
I fe<M that the people of Califor
nia, knowing me as they do. will
give m<- the credit of being at least
the proprietor of my own manhood,
an.l of being Independent of the
domination of, any individual or in
fluence that may be considered in
imical to the interests and well
being of the State. If they have
not this confidence in me, I do not
desire their support.
It has been my practice In every
national and State campaign for the
past twenty years to stump the
Slate in behalf of the Republican
ticket, the success of which, in my
estimation, is paramount to the in
dividual aspirations of any man.
No one should be elected to that
high office unless he be the decided
choice of the Republicans of this
State were they permitted to vole
upon such choice.
In any event I am a Republican
and a Calffornian, and in public or
private station will do all I can to
further the harmonious interests of
both. GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
October 24, U9B.
REPUBLICAN MEETING
IN OAKLAND TO-NIGHT
WEBSTEB DAVIS WILL DISCUSS
THE ISSUES.
Another Booming Bally to Ba At
tended by All the Bepublican
Clubs in and About
the City.
' ' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 23.
The next big rally of the campaign will
be held by the Republican forces at th«
Tabernacle to-morrow evening. On this
occasion Webster Davis, who enjoys a
national reputation, will address the peo
ple of Alameda County on the issues of
the present campaign, and all the Repub
lican clubs of Oakland and near-by towns
will attend the meeting in a body. The
vice presidents appointed for to-morrow
night's rally are as follows:
R. Turnbull, W. L. i Dunlevy, E. B. Hunt,
A. F. Shulte, N. M. Fay, A. Jjorsbach, R. 8.
Farrelly, J. TyrTel, Arthur R. Wilson. W. G.
Palmenteer, P. H. Remlllard, Walter Everson,
A. P. L^ach, J. B. Wilson. Morris Flynn,
Henry Maloon, XV. H. Halsey. A. G. Davis,
C. O. Reed. E. T. Henshaw, George T. Neece,
•*• T. Bell, Charles R. Yates, E. R. Tutt. Hugh
M«'ra.-k«-n, E. P. Taylor, Fred Kuhnle, J. T.
Gardner. F. m. Wilson, George .D. Metcalf,
J. W. Richards. J. L,. Barker, Dr. J. 8. East
man, Dr. H. N. Rowell, J. W. Striker, 8. N.
WyokofT, h. M. Waterbury, J. M. Fay, Joseph
Mc n \ James C. Sherrett, J. R. Little, F.
R. \Voolsey. A . L. Ott, W. K. Weir, W. H.
Waste, A. H. Broad. J. M. Whitworth, William
Bolza, J. i). T 9 ram er, D. J. Coopp, Miles
Doody. b. J. Happ. j. H. Inwall. P. Baker,
E. G. nuswpii. J. Dlmmlck. K. Mllloglow, F.
W - T B !fi "- ft Blake, I. Barnett, E. Lynch.
r : L * ri ° IPr ; ?• W. Arper, D. Bohn. H. Hen
rlSinVH W - Ilal 'antyne, J. Marks,
Captain Howell, O. Pace V w I^ach H A
W^'C. ParU.W WW RR L Tho h ma"; s!
S(.S^ cl i } xh^- Glln^. Georre Hoguet.
M*ll Tobriner, he Muloy Jw - W. "Jacobus.
Mell Tobrlner, O. Muloy J o tiuAa iom»i
Bh.ke-p.arT. C. Bracket? Joseph Corona ■
L?V.h^pV' Dehany. J. L Donovan
Fred Kahn, T. Strong. P. C. Jaoklns. Joseph
Mcßoil, J. W. Neal. Morris ONell, Oscar
de«. George Palmer. D. 8. Ainsworth. » R.
T. Stratum. Max Marcuse, M L, Klnr m. I (
Hardy Jr.. J. Walter Scott, Ed Houston John
ElMWorth, J. R. Knowland. F. X Webb Al
Clark, J. F. Forderer, J. a. Brick W ' P
Bchult«, George H. Mafltlck. Charles L Metz'
fer. R. Frank Clark, C. J. Hammond H
ank. W. H. Noy. R. S. Falconer, ED iudd'
J. L. 'Fields, E. B. Bullock, Tom Carpenter
Max Qundlach, Henry Glass, William Betten'
W*rd B*ttle^ A. R. HamllD, W. P. Dillon,'
D. J. Sullivan, E. E. Walcott, J. M. Hanford,
W. F. Fiske, Hector Morrison, W. S. Pelouse,
G. J. W. Stark, W. B. Ludlow, L. Nolan, C.
B. Cnase, F. J. Holderer. G. W. Carroll, C. H.
Eltel, G. W. Blakie Sr.. Charles E. Hall. Wal
ter Meese, H. N. IValton, J. B. Myrlck, Will
iam Berry. H. C. W. Bode, F. J. Cunha, W.
Tlpton, Louis Hurachmldt, \V. I. Hazeltlne, O.
C. Hyatt, C. A. Grove, J. F. Teague, Emit
Nusbaumer. Ed Hall, R. C. Craft, J. R. Small
man, Godfrey Wakaman. Louis Hewlett,
Thomas C. Herde, C. H. King. R. D. Yelland,
James A. Johnson, George Douglas, David S.
Richardson. R. B. Ayer, A. T. Harris. H. L.
Holcomb, L. A. Jordan, E. Lawton, P. M. Par
sons, L. J. Todd, M. D. ; A. P. Uhl. William
P. Wetmore, E. T. Barbler Jr., E. E. Bunce,
Aaron Jacobs, J. W. Tomkins, G. F. Bush, J.
C. Kuestie, F. M. Maglll, J. C. Pecker, H. B.
Rand, F. R. Williamson, Anson Barstow, D.
C. Borland, W. O. Buckland, J. C. Buttuer,
T. S. Olellin, A. T. Dewey. F. M. Parcollß,
Qeorsa Rice, Peter Thompson, A. B. Webster,
Major E. W. Woodward, F. W. Henshaw .Hon.
S. G. Hltborn. C. H. Daly, J. W. Evans, H.
D. Rowe, H. S. Pugh, Dr. Jones, J. D. French,
William Crow Jr., Richard I. Mould, J. W.
Watson. W. S. Goodfellow, Frank C Jordan,
Dr. Foster, Dr. Bill, W. A: Dow, M.
J. Acton, J. T. Bell, D. A. Briggs, D. M.
Caehan N. S. Douglas, George H. A. Dlmpf el,
John FlUmaurlce. M. D. Hyde, S. H. Hunt,
John C. Little, J. W. Osborn. C. H. Pierce, Ed
Bathman, S. Wlneor, John M. Alves. George
W. Austin. Charles B. Allen. John S. Adams,
Ed yon Adelunc, A. P. Alexander. John C.
Adams, P. W. Anderson, Henry T. Atkinson,
Squire Baker, George W. Baxley, John N. Bon
ham, John Breen, F. S. Bodle, C. C. Busse,
H. L. Branthaver, Henry Benner. A. E. I>«u
ton, Fred L. Button, John Bakewell, John A.
Bliss, Archibald Borland. Samuel BreCk Jr..
J. L. Bromley, Thomas L. Bromley, Milton
Buckley. Fred F. Barbour, Charles Kartells,
Walter F. Beck. David E. Bortree, P. E.
Bowies, Charles Brier, John A. Brunje, James
Cahtll, A. G. Crackerton. J. A. Colquhoun D.
T. Campbell. Qulncy A. Chase, S. W. Condon,
H. H. Colt, John O. Cadman, M. C. Chapman,
A. K. Clark, H. C. Chesebrough. A. F. Cp™.
E. P. Cook, E. J. Cotton, X. S. Duglee, ?,• W.
W. Doonln, C. H. Dunemoor. E. B. de qolla,
G. W. H. A. Dimpfel, J. H. P. Dunn. Wil
liam C. B. de Fremery. A. M. Prlnkwater,
Guy C. Earl, M. H. Eastman. Charles C. tch
lin, John 8. Eari. John D. Eby. F. T. Feen-y.
Charles A. Fawcett. Theodore J. Fish Frank
H. Foster. P. M. Fl.'her, John E. Farnu m.
George H. Fogg. Joseph Falcla E. duß. Flint,
Ed P. Flint, Samuel L. Gibbs. "\\ illiam H.
Glbbs, Charles T. Gunn. F. R. Glrard, Ber
nard Gallagher, John Ollberston. Robert P. M.
Greeley. David Gage, Samuel M. Gilman. Z.
T. Gilpln. H. P. Glasler. Enoch Hugs, M. J.
Hallahan. Emil C. Hahn P. A. Hayl land,
Thomas W. Hall. William JHamb, William
G. Hawkett. William B. Hardy. Herman
Harfst. W. W. Bong*. G. W. fiowell, W. H.
Hussey, Ed C. Hayer, A. W. Haven*. Oeoi^e
T. Hawley. Conrad Helmke, E. A. Heron John
C- Hill A. F. Hlnman, John L. Howard, B.
S. Hubbard. B. O. Johnson, Edward T. Joste.
J. E. Janls. William N. Kent, Charles W. Klfi
«ev Ed H. Lake. Frank W. Little. James Lit
tle 'w W Lovejoy, Charles E. Lancaster, A.
cle'Lw'Laguna, J. H. Lanyon. J. L. Milton. D.
H Mathiesen. H. B. Mehrmann. B. S. Marston,
L* E Mattison L. D. Manning, Cochran Mc-
Caroii George C Mather. J. W. McClymonds,
j K. ' McLean, Charles Z. Merritt. George
Mooar E. C Morrison. R. A. Marshall. M. M.
Martin. William Mountain, David McClure,
John W. Metcalf. M. K. Miller. John H. Kid
dleton. James Moffltt. Robert Xunenmacher,
Stephen G. Xyc. William Nelle. John J. New
=om. F. R. Ncweß, A. B. Xye. E. J. Osgood,
P. R. Osffood. Charles D. Olnoy. O. S. Orrlck.
Ed J. Parker. James Pennyeook, Thomas P&t
dee, 'Webb X. Pearct*. Edward Pearce. Ed' L.
Priest, George C. Perkins. Orestes Pierce, R.
M. Prlel. X. P. Reuss, H. E. Robbing. John
Rufs. Jf>hn A. Sands, S. P. Skow, Theodore
Swift. J. B. Ptanton. H. Schellhaas, A. J.
Shou, Cralpie Sharp, James F. Summers, Morti
mer Smith. L. H. Sly, D. A. Sinclair, John
Flavich, John F. Tmvie. David Fisch. James P.
Taylor. Jonn Fipoh. Samuel J. Taylor, James
M ' V.niffhin. R. M. Veitch. Charles F. Wood,
Edward SfeldlW, Fra'i V. Wood. ,T. J. Warner,
F. H. Ward. H. H. Watson Jr.. Jacob Wlnkler,
Alfred WDod, R. B. S. York and R. O. Zahn.
REPUBLICANISM IS
STRONGER THAN EVER
WEBSTER DAVIS ARRIVES IN
THIS CITY.
The Assistant Secretary of the In
terior Thinks California Is a
Strong Republican State.
Webster Davis, Assistant Secretary of
! the Interior, and onft of the prominent
I politicians of the country, arrived in this
: city yesterday morning. His visit to the
i coast is partly for pleasure, but chiefly
' for political reasons.
Since leaving his home In Kansas City,
Mr. Davis has delivered a number of
speeches on national topics. On Saturday
: evening he spoke to a vast audience in
Sacramento. This evening he will ad
dress a meeting at Oakland; Tuesday
evening at San Jose; Wednesday he will
be heard at Modesto; Fresno. Thursday;
Bakersfield. Friday, and Los Angeles Sat
1 urday. One week from to-night he will
I address a San Francisco audience and
'■ them go north.
Mr. Davis said last night In the Palace
'< Hotel: "The country looks Republican
' and if the meeting which I attended in
1 Sacramento on Saturday night raav be
taken as a basis of judgment this State
: is certainly of the same spirit and the Re
1 publican party will be victorious in the
coming election. I have been stumping
. for the party for some weeks and it Is
my sincere belief that Republicanism
to-day is stronger than ever before. The
people seem to be in accord with the ad
ministration and they should be. The
i next few years will be trying ones and
: the President will need the support of the
■ people. McKinley has well deserved the
confidence of the public. He has wnrlced
: Incessantly since the difficulty with Spain
: began, refusing to rest from his labors
; In the heat of summer when all others
considered their work done for the time."
Mr. Davis' Itinerary will carry him
| through Oregon and Washington. He will
t then return to his home in Kansas City.
THIS WEEK'S WORK.
Six Days of Republican Compaigning
Mapped Out for Many Speakers.
The present "week Is to be a busy one
with the workers in the Republican
ranks.
The district meetings scheduled by the
county campaign committee will be aug
mented by several big demonstrations ar
ranged for by the State managers.
Tuesday evening Colonel Eddy and
Hon. Judeon Brusie will address an
audience at-B. B. Hall, Eddy street, and
at the San Francisco Athletic Club at
Sixth and Shipley streets. Other speakers
will be Hon. Julius Kahn, Charles L. Pat
ton, Judge Murphy and other local nomi
nees.
Wednesday evening Hon. E. F. Preston
and Judge Frank M. Short of Fresno will
speak at Odd Fellows' Hall and at Phelps
Hall If It can be so arranged.
A meeting will be held at B. B. Hall on
Friday evening under the auspices of the
Bear Club. The speakers will be Judge
Short, Eugene F. Loud, Tlrey L,. Ford
and many of the local ticket.
The Army and Navy Republican Club
will have a rousing rally at Metropolitan
Temple on the same evening. Captain
W. H. Seamans will preside, and two old
soldiers of the Q. A. R. will take the ros
trum—Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano and
E. S. Salomon. They will be followed by
Tlrey I>. Ford and Judge Carpenter.
Mr. Gage' 6 itinerary for the week 1b as
follows:
Monday, Red Bluff- luesday, Orovllle;
Wednesday, Vallejo; Thursday afternoon.
Veterans' Home; Thursday evening,
Napa; Friday afternoon, Petaluma; Fri
day evening, Santa Rosa; Saturday even
ing, Oakland and at the students' rally
at Woodward' 6 Pavilion in this city.
Arrangements for the big rally of U. C.
and Stanford students at Woodward's
Pavilion on Saturday evening are prac
tically completed. The foaowing pro
gramme was decided upon Saturday:
National airs. Stanford University Republi
can band; opening address, Profftasor C. A.
Dunlway* address. Hon. C. W. Slack; prize
son*. Stanford Quartet; address, C. K. Retth,
U C '00- address, C. S. Chandler, Stanford
■99- prize song, U. C Quartet; address, R. C.
Daniels V C. '99; addr«w», S. G. Bailie. Stan
ford '59'; eong, Stanford Quartet; address. Hon.
tf 11. I'- Barnes; sons, V. C. Quartet; ad
dress, Hon. Henry T. Gage.
MAGUIHE'S ITCNTEBARY.
Out-of-Town Meetings That Demo
crats Have Listed for This
Week.
Jvdge Mnßulro will begin his week's
work thin afternoon at Livermore, re
turning to this city' by the evening train.
His schedule, as nrrnnned by the State
Campaign Committee, is as follows:
October 24, afternoon — Livermorr.
Evening, Garibaldi Hall. Broadway, near
Montgomery; Bersaglier Hall. Union and
Stockton streets: Apollo Hall, Pacific
street, near Stockton; Saratoga Hall,
Geary street, near Larkin; Metropolitan
Hall, German mass meeting. October 25,
Willows and Colusa; October 26, Wood
land; October 27, Placerville; October 28.
Georgetown. Auburn, Forest Hill; Octo
ber 29, Grass Valley. Nevada City.
Democrats Have an Outing.
Members of the German Democratic
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
Central Club and many of their friends
enjoyed a picnic at Teppers Park. Fruit
vale, yesterday. The outing was a social
success, the best element of Democracy
attending. Many short political speeches
were delivered during the day, among the
speakers being James McKinley, James
Cantanio, D. Raufusß, Captain Kimphoff
and Captain Liendus. The committee
having the outing in charge consisted of
Robert Wilkle. August Uhlenbrook, F.
Kossbeil, Max Fenner, E. Fisher, Dr.
Max Magnus and Mr. Schilling.
York Xteals With Maguire.
Dr. J. L. York, the liberal orator, ad
dressed a large an enthusiastic audience
at Scottish Hall last evening upon "Poli
tical and Religious E%-olution."
Speaking of the political situation Pr.
York said: "From my standpoint the
Democratic party Is the home of the
un-American element In this country. It
is not a great liberty party, and from its
national record of forty years it has been
found wanting in statesmanship and con
structive ability and unfit to control the
destiny of this nation. The varied inter
ests of this republic will find greater pro
tection and security in reatlning our pres
ent national administration during The
present crisis of affairs.
"Let McKinley and a Republican Con
gress finish their work and place our
country beyond the clouds of war, with
v r^nce that will preserve the respect and
honor of thiß nation with the nations of
the whole world.
"Magulre and Phelan are both dema»
rogues seeking office 'mi,d the dust of
false Issues. We find to-day only the two
great parties from which to choose, and
we draw the line at this hyda-headad
combination known as the fusion party."
They Indorsed Patton.
The regular weekly meeting of the Gagre
and Neff Club of the Twenty-ninth As
sembly District was held Saturday even-
Ing.
Speeches were made by the following
members: President Sam Solomon, F. B.
Evatt, L. J. Newberry, E. J. Jennings
and Joseph Brachman. The Howard
Quartet sang a number of popular songs
which were well received.
A resolution introduced by Joseph
Brachman, indorsing Hon. Davis Louder
back for Superior Judge, was adopted.
President Solomon asked for the unani
mous indorsement of Hon Charles I* Pat
ton for Mayor and Dr. E. L. Pefrault for
Supervisor of the Fourth Ward, which
was gtven. The c!ub adjourned to meet
tri-weekly until the end of the cam
paign.
Colored Voters Harmonized.
The colored Republican clubs of this city
have called old dissensions off and have
harmonized In the ranks of the Afro-
American League.
J. J. Xiemore, State president of the
league, has come up from Los Angeles
and will be present at the regular meet
ing of the league at California Hall
this evening. . .
The meeting is called for the purpose of
indorsing the local and State Republican
tickets and to perfect arrangements for
the biff colored mass meeting and over
flow meetings scheduled for the evening
of November 2. Mr. Niemore- reports
that the colored vote of the State will go
solid for the -whole ticket.
For a Torchlight Parade.
There is to be a big rally and torch
light procession of all of the Republican
clubs of the city on the evening of No
vember 5, and In order that preliminary
arrangements may be started a meeting
has been called for this evening a,t
the Union League Club rooms at the Pal-
It is the earnest wish of the league offi
cials that all Of the local clubs and those
of near by towns will have representa
tives at the meeting, *c it le intended to
make the celebration the bigge9t of re
cent years.
Another Bonnet Club.
At a meeting held on Saturday even-
Ing the T. F. Bonnet Club of the Forty
n- t h District was organized with seventy
three members on the roll. It is the pur
pose of the club to work actively for the
election of their nominee, who is run
ning on the Democratic ticket for Sheriff.
iae following officers were elected:
President. Thomas Garrett, vice presi
dent Charles White: secretary, Frank
Green; treasurer, J. Slattery; sergeant at
arms. E. F. Green.
Enthusiastic District Meeting.
The regular meeting of the branch Re
publican club of the Forty-fifth District
at its hall at 412 Jackson street, Saturday
night, was a rousing Republican demon
stration. The attendance was large and a
number of the club's most able speakers
were on hand to discuss local and State
campaign issues. President Jacob Drey
fuss reported that the club's membership
was Increasing rapidly.
Socialist Meeting.
The Socialist Labor party held a well at
tended meeting last night In Washing
ton Hall, on Eddy street. The usual pre
liminaries, consisting of songs and short
speeches, prepared the audience for the
address of the evening, which was on
"The Modern Spirit of Democracy," a
paper read by G. B. Benham, that proved
both entertaining and full of interest.
Precita Valley Politics,
The Preclta Valley Democratic Club of
the Thirty-fifth District was organized
Saturday evening at a meeting at Kelley
Hall Precita avenue and Folsom street.
The following officers were elected:
John E. O'Brien, president; Joseph Con
rny, secretary, and Dennis Kelley, treas
urer.
A Veterans' Rally.
The veterans and sons of veterans will
have a grand rally and campflre on Wed
nesday evening at Saratoga Hall, corner
of Larkln and Geary streets.
All of the municipal and many of the
State candidates will be on hand.
WHY MR. GAGE DID NOT
SPEAK AT WILLOWS
Misunderstanding Between Commit
tees — Contemptible Act of
J. Aubrey Jonas.
WILLOWS, Oct. 23.— The citizens of
Willows, Democrats and Republicans
alike, are extremely indignant over the
account of Henry T. Gage's reception
here yesterday, as printed in Maguire's
organ at San Francisco. That Mr. Gage
did not deliver an address here is true,
but the cause of the disappointment to
the large crowd of people who were here
yesterday lies between the State Central
Committee and the local committee.
When Mr. Gage alighted from the train
he started for an eating house, and when
he was escorted to the improvised stapd
he waa amazed and surprised, knowing
nothing of a reception or occasion for a
speech. His apology was ample, good
natured and should have been sufficient.
The cheers for Magulre came from mis
chievous youngsters, but that stones
were thrown at the car is not true, nor
was any insult offered to Mr. Gage. On
the contrary, his reception was enthu
siastic and sincere, and that even one
vote was lost to Mr. Gage by the unfor
tunate mistake of the local committee
in advertising a twenty-minute speech
here, is not true. The only loss of votes
will' fall upon J. Aubrey Jones, the Demo
cratic nominee for Congress, who so dis
gracefully took advantage of the occa
sion to harangrue the crowd. He will lose
many Silver Republican votes through
his conduct, which every good Democrat
deplores.
Mr. Lilienthal Honored.,
On Thursday evening last E. R. Lilien
thal was presented with a beautiful al
bum by the retail liquor dealers of th«
Red Cross Society, in appreciation of his
work in behalf of the latter society. It
was beautifully bound in red morocco,
and the accompanying resolutions were
the artistic work of Henry London. Harry
B. Adler acted as chairman of the pres
entation committee, which also contained
Jesse B. Marks, E. G. Osborn, J. M. Par
ker, R. H. Flschbeck, J. E. Crumb, T. M.
Ferguson, Charles A. Green and W. F.
Roeder. The presentation speech by Mr.
Mnrks met with an appropriate response
from Mr. Lllienthal.
Young Men Missing.
Alfred Falrweather, an employe of the
London and Paris Bank, and Richard
Drum, his companion, are missing. They
visited the water front last Saturday, in
tending to bid good-by to a friend who
was about to embark on a long voyage.
Since then they have not been seen. Last
night their disappearance was reported to
Chief Lees, who detailed two of his best
men to find them.
REPUBLICANS
TO CONTROL
THE HOUSE
This Fact Now Seems
Assured.
PROBABLE LOSSES IN EAST
WILL BE OFFSET BY THE GAHTS
IN THE WEST.
Many Who Deserted the Grand Old
Party on the Silver Issue Are
Expected to Return to
the Fold.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Eepublican control of the next
House of Representatives seems cer
tain unless there is a political landslide
in favor of the Democrats on Novem
ber 8.
In the present House the Republicans
have a clear majority over all opposi
tion of fifty-six. It is hardly possible
that they will have so large a majority
In the next House, but present indica
tions are that they will control by a
safe majority. They will lose a number
of districts in the Bast and in Illinois,
which are nominally Democratic and
which they could not have hoped to
carry but for the popular uprising
against Bryanism in 1896.
It is improbable, however, on the
other hand that they will gain enough
districts in the West to compensate for
some of those lost in the East.
The best information indicates that
there are 162 districts in which the elec
tion of Kepublican| is practically as
sured. In 124 districts the election of
Democrats may be considered certain.
In five districts the Populists are Bure
of success, and three more will be car
ried by Silver men who owe allegiance
to neither Democrats nor populists.
There are sixty-three districts that
may be classed as doubtful. Of these
the Republicans seem to have the best
chance in thirty-seven, the Democrats
in eighteen and the Populists in eight.
Some of the leading features of the
campaign are the going back to the
regular organization of thousands of
Democrats, especially in the East, who
left it on account of the silver issue in
1R96, and the apparent breaking up of
the Populist forces in many States, doe
to many of the men going into the
Democratic party and many others, es
pecially in the West, going back to the
Republican party, from which they
were attractea by the argument that
depreciated money meant prosperity.
These two movements of voters explain
the probable Democratic gains in the
East and probable Republican gains in
the West.
On the Pacific Coast the Republicans
have already elected two Representa
tives from Oregon, and while it is prob
able Washington will return a Demo
crat and a Silver man. the strength of
the territorial expansion sentiment in
California will probably lead to Repub
lican gains in that State.
CUBAN FACTIONS
IN THE ASSEMBLY
The Garcia and Cesrjjdes Men Fail to
Speak on the Way to the
Meeting.
SANTIAGO DE CUI&. Oct. 23— The
steamer Reina de Los Angeles returned
here to-day after carrying the Garcia and
Cespedes factions to Banta Cruz del Sur
to attend the Cuban Assembly. Her cap
tain reports that during- the voyage nei
ther faction spoke to the other. On ar
rival at the destination they were received
by a colored band and escorted on horse
back to the residence of Senor Bartolome
Masso President of the so-called Provi
Our tailoring department
shows the largest stock of
woolens on the Pacific Coast.
Many new and beautiful pat-
terns have just been received.
Samples free.
We Make to Order
the Best
Suit in Amerfat.
Made to your order, mind you. All-wool suits, of
clay worsteds, cheviots and tweeds. We guarantee to
fit you perfectly and to give you a most astonishing
value for your money.
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market Street, S. F.
slonal Cuban Government, which was
gayly decorated with Cuban flags. About
naif the delegates assembled convened for
the selection of officials of the permanent
Cuban Government, had arrived. When
the vessel left it was expected that the
opening of the Assembly, fixed for Oc
tober 20, would be delayed a few days in
order to give the remaining delegates an
opportunity to arrive.
TWO MORE BATTLES
FOUGHT IN FORMOSA
Hundreds of Natives Killed by Japa
nese Troops — Overflow of the
Yellow River.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— A special to the
Record from Tacoma says: The steam
ship Victoria brings the news that two
more battles have been fought In Formosa
between Japanese troops and the native
Buvagres, who seem bent on exterminating
all the Japanese on the island. So seri
ous are the disturbances that Europeans
and numbers of Chinese merchants are
fleeing to Amoy by every steamer.
A month ago luOO aborigines attacked
and set fire to one of the principal Japan
ese military stations. After eight hours'
desperate lighting the natives retreated.
In this battle more than 200 were killed.
On the following day a large band of na
tives advanced to Hankyo, burning the
station at Tajao. Japanese troops reach
ed Hankyo at the same time and sur
prised the aborigines in their headquar
ters at Ankow, which was burned.
In another battle scores of natives were
shot down. The Formosa rebels have
been supplied with arms and equipments
by the Chinese, hundreds of whom have
landed from Amoy.
The overflowing of thp Yellow River in
Shantung province has caused the most
appalling disaster of modern times in
Central China. Villages wens swept away
by hundreds. One hundred thousand peo
ple are ruined and homeless, crouching
along the river banks in the pitiless rain.
Two thousand were drowned. The gen
eral distress Is augmented by the spoil
ing of the cereal crops by floods. Famine
will prevail this winter in a district pop
ulated by more than one million people.
LUCKY RELATIVES OF
THE LATE MRS. SCOTT
Eastern Heirs Who Will Enjoy the
Fortune of the California
Woman.
LTVERMORE FALLS, Me., Oct. 23.—
Eugene Wormell of this city is one of
nine heirs to the $700,000 left by Mrs. An
gellne R. Scott of San Francisco, who died
in 18S7. The other heirs are Andrew J.
Wormell Of Dover, N. H.: William E.
Wormell of Delmore. Ohio; Charles Wom
ell of Junction City, Ohio, and their sis
ters, Mrs. Louisa E. Rowe of Dover. N.
H. and Mrs. Ella C. Perkins of Santa
Clara Cal. An aunt of the Wormell fam
ily Mrs. Louisa Garcia, and her children,
Prank Garcia and Mrs. Gerrish of Cali
fornia, are also mentioned in the will.
The estate consists of a fine vineyard and
Wlnerv, for Which the deceased refused
$450,006 two years ago; a magnificent resi
dence in San Francisco, for which $80,000
■was lately offered; a block on Mission
street, San Francisco, and an unoccupied
lot. both valued at $30.000
SPREAD-EAGLE CASE
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Punishment of Three West Virginia
Privates Who Refused to Work
a Suhject of Inquiry.
CAMP MEADE, Middletown, Pa.,
Oct. 23.— General Graham has ordered an
Investigation into the "spread-eagling"
of the three West Virginia privates. The
deposition of Lieutenant Colonel Moore,
who ordered the men punished for refus
ing to work, has been presented to Major
Brown, inspector of the Second Division.
<"'hargeß have been preferred against the
privates also. ' >m _
The movement of the corps South will
be«dn November 1, and General Graham
expects to have all the troops away ten
days later. Governor Bushnell of Ohio
will visit the camp to-morrow and will
review some of the troop?.
JERSEY CITY TRAGEDIES.
Two Jealous Husbands Kill Their
Wives and Themselves.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Two jealous hus
bands killed their wives and themselves
in Jersey City to-day. Henry Jones, col
ored shot his wife to death and then
sent a bullet into his brain at their home.
Garrett French, a Pennsylvania railway
engineer, mortally wounded his wife and
wounded himself so badly that he died
within a few minutes.
Killed an Insulting I>rtimmer.
HOT'STOK, Tex., Oct. 23.— M. Pariare, a
drummer, of Albany, N. V.. was shot and
Instantly killed by George D. Moss.
Pariare is alleged to have offered a gross
insult to Mrs. G. D. Moss, and she told
her husaband at once on her returning
home. Mr. Mops then hunted up Par
iare finding him in a store. He walked
up to him, asked him his name and on
answer, blew the top of his head off.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FILIPINOS ON
THE VERGE OF
AN OUTBREAK
Supplies Are Nearly
Exhausted.
TROOPS UNPAID FOR MONTHS
AGUINALDO'S FALSE PROMISES
TO HIS MEN.
Assures Them That They Will Soon
Capture Manila — Menacing
Attitude of the Native
Newspapers,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA Oct. 23.— The commission
of Spaniards sent by General Rios,
Spain's chief representative in the
Philippines, and Governor-General of
the southern portions of the archipel
ago, arranged a temporary commercial
convention, and accordingly interis
land traffic was resumed, but it is now
again interrupted, this time by orders
from General Rios.
The steamer San Nicholas, which left
Manila yesterday, flying the American
flag, was compelled to return by a
Spanish gunboat, whose commander of
fered as a plea for his action that the
crew consisted of Filipinos, who might
smuggle contraband articles. The San
Nicholas after reporting her experience,
sailed again, followed by the United
States gunboat McCulloch.
The insurgent steamer Muriola enter
ed the harbor flying the insurgent flag,
which was promptly hauled down by
the Americans.
Yesterday the British Consul at Ma
nila convened a meeting of merchants
to discuss the commercial deadlock.
British capital to the amount of $200,
000,000 has been lying idle here for six
months. In the existing conditions
business relations with the provinces
have been in many instances directed
suspended. The meeting resolved to
make an urgent appeal to the British
Government to endeavor to hasten a
settlement of pending issues.
The attitude of the insurgent troops
has become very menacing. Their sup
plies are growing scarce, and they are
becoming very desperate. Their leader
assures the trnnpp who have had no pay
for months that they will soon capture
Manila.
The Filipino newspapers insist upon
absolute independence and denounce
annexation to the United States or an
American protectorate with equal en-
ergy.
The American authorities, naval and
military, are taking precautionary
measures, although no immediate
trouble is anticipated.
HORSESHOERS ORGANIZE.
A State Association Formed With
Delegates From All the Principal
Cities Present.
Delegates from the Master Horseshoers*
Associations of Sacramento, San Jose,
Stockton and San Francisco met In Na
tive Sons' Hall yesterday and formed a
State association.
Organizations of this character are com
paratively few on the Pacific Coast, but
throughout the East such associations are
numerous and powerful. They are en
couraged by the humane societies and ap
proved by the most prominent horsemen,
who appreciate the benefits a community
will derive through the efforts of the
craft
The following officers were elected:
President, P. W. Commins, San Francis
co- secretary-treasurer, J. F. Twomey,
San Francisco; assistant secretary, T. E.
Carroll, San Jos«; vice-presidents. F. A.
Murray, Stockton; James Lamb, San
Jose; C. A. Cain. Oakland; H. Mcl vis, Sac
ramento; James Sullivan. San Francisco;
executive committee, James Lamb, San
Jose* C. A. Cain. Oakland; John Grace,
San Francisco; H. Melvis, Sacramento;
M \V. Donelly, F. Pochard. Thomas Ford
and James Sullivan. San Francisco; F. A.
Murray, Stockton. After the routine
business was concluded President Com
mlns addressed the assemblage on the
conditions of the craft, past and present.
Mr. Carroll of San Jose dwelt at length
upon the lein law which will be presented
to the next Legislature.
WHITE WINGS DOT THE BAY.
Closing Cruise of Corinthians and
San Franciscos Presented a
Lovely Sight.
Never during the yachting season of
1898 has a prettier sight been seen on the
bay of San Francisco than was presented
yesterday by the Corinthian fleet. Short
ly after 11 o'clock in the morning nearly
thirty yachts, following the flagship
Eolus, sailed in squadron to Sauaalito.
Thence they directed their course toward
the Heads, and later sailed along th© city
water front. There was a fair breez«
and no sea. During the morning the tide
ran out and In the afternoon flooded, po
the conditions were favorable for a chan
nel cruise. Besides the Corinthian fleet
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's Cygnus sail
ed out to the Golden Gate, followed by A.
Sutherland's Catherine and J. R. Sa
vory's Juanita. The fine schooners Ra
mona and Aggie also went for a channel
cruise.
Yesterday served as a most agreeable
and picturesque closing day of the sea
son. Next Sunday the drawbridge at
Tiburon will be opened and tne Corin
thian yachts will pass through into their
winter quarters in the lagoon. Commo
dore Dr. T. L. Hill of the San Franciscos
will sail his yacht up to Larkspur and
lay her up there for the winter. Vice
Commodore G. T. S. White will keep his
sloop Will o' the Wisp in commission for
some time longer, and Commodore Hill
will amuse himself during the winter
with a half-rater.
YOUNG MEN AND THE CHURCH.
Lecture of Rev. John A. B. Wilson
at the Evening Service.
At the Strangers' Sabbath Home, How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
between Second and Third, a large con
gregation assemble^ to hear the pastor,
John A. B. Wilson, D.D., tackle the young
man and the church problem. His theme
was "Has Christianity anything to offer
a young man in compensation for the ser
vice which it requires." His text was
1 Tim., iv:B, "Godliness is profitable unto
all things having the promise of the Ufa
that now is and of that which is to
come."
The sermon showed the advantage in
the present life of Christianity to the in
dividual and to nations, and was illus
trated by actual examples. The demon
stration was that the teachings of the
Bible were in exact harmony with the
laws of being, and that self-denial fur
nished its own compensation in the length
of days of comfort of mind and propriety
which are the legitimate outcome of prac
ticing the system, and that the character
so developed Is that unto which is prom
ised the eternal rewards of the future.
The service will be continued next Sab
bath night, and young men are requested
to continue writing letters to the pastor
in answer to the question why do not
more young men in this city attend
church"? All are requested to sign names
and give their addresses. Names will not
be read from the pulpit or given to tbe
press.
M. L. WASHBTTRN ARRIVES.
The Report He Brings From tha
Cooks Inlet Gold Diggings la
• Not Encouraging.
M. L. Washburn, agent for the Alaska
Commercial Company, returned from
Cooks Inlet yesterday, after an absence
of several months. His report on the
condition of affairs in that portion of
Alaska is not very glowing. Washburn
has made an annual trip to Alaska dur
ing the last twenty years and has a
thorough knowledge of exislting condi
tions in the far north.
Shortly before leaving the inlet news
was brought to his camp of the wreck of
a sloop, Johnson, captain. The nine men
on board, miners, in search of new dig
gings, were lost.
The coal belt, which commences at the
mouth of Cooks Inlet, and of which so
much has been written, is, according to
Washburn, of little value. The coal is
of a very inferior quality, useless as a
commercial product and ser.-ing the sole
purpose of fuel. Washburn will return
to Alaska in the spring.
Drew Pistols on Girls.
Thomas J. Madden, a horseman, was
arrested on Grant avenue last evening by
Officers Rainsberry and Barry, and
charged at the California-street police
station with assault with a deadly
"weapon. The complaining witness, Irene
Wilson, claims that during an altercation
Madden drew a pistol and threatened to
shoot her. Madden denies the charge.
John Hoist, a laborer, was arrested at
the Klondike saloon on Kearny street by
Officers Flinn and McGrayan and booked
on the same charge which was placed
against Madden. Hoist went Into the
saloon, and after drinking with a girl
named Mabel Wilklson, he quarreled with
her, and drew a revolver. The barkeeper
gave Hoist a blow in the face which
necessitated his removal to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, from where he was
taken to the California-street police sta
tion.
You can depend upon
what you get from us. We
guarantee everything. We
ask you to take no chances.
r -
OurSplendid
Business Suits
for $8-85
are shining examples
of what good values
can be purchased at
our store for little
money.
— — _ *
These are first-class business
clothes, fitting as though tailor-,
made, and showing many new
styles in not only solid colors but
in novelty checks and plaids.
All wool and most carefully
made.
84
MONDAY OCTOBER 24, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. _ P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! 19
eerved by carriers In tt)ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft* Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9-30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 !
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT!
Baldwin— "Prisoner of Zenda."
Columbia— "By the Bad Sea Waves."
California Theater— "The Span ot Life."
Alcazar— "May Blossom."
Morosco's— "Streets of New York."
Tlvoll— "Glrofle-Girofla."
Or;hrum— Vaudeville.
NeV Comedy Theater— "The Little Hussar.'
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Concert Monday Evening.
Sherman - Clay Hall-Entertainment Thursday Evening.
Metropolitan Temple— Benefit Thursday Evening, October 27.
Rosen thai — Coming In December.
0 BETTER WEEK IN TRODE.
LAST week showed considerable improvement in
trade over its predecessor. Some lines, hitherto
dull and unsatisfactory, exhibited more life, and
the tendency in prices seemed to be upward again.
The leading feature of the week was the rise in wheat
under an enormous export demand for Europe,
though the shipments were less than those during the
same week last year by almost 500,000 bushels. The
demand last year, however, was unprecedented.
Another gratifying feature last week was the
scramble among European financiers to provide gold
for America, to pay for our heavy shipments of grain
and merchandise to Great Britain and the Continent.
This tended to still further ease the money market
and restore confidence, which, however, needed very
little restoration, never having been shaken to any
marked degree. In international commerce the
United States has had the whip hand for a year or
more, and is such a creditor of Europe that it bids fair
to hold it for some time to come.
Still another good feature was the improvement in
several staples which have recently been distin
guished by abnormal depression. Thus wool, which
has been in the slough of despond for months, showed
indications of doing better, the transactions being
larger than for some time, though prices showed no
gain. In fact the Boston sales, which were free, were
made at slight concessions. The woolen trade also
reported more liberal sales, with an extensive inquiry.
The manufacturers hope that this improvement is the
beginning of the long-deferred demand, though the
call at present is for low-priced goods. Cotton, too,
seems to be on the point of a revival. The spinners
have agreed upon a selling agency, which has hung
fire for some time, and also upon a curtailed produc
tion, and in consequence there is a bettej demand for
goods, with fair prospects for an increase in the fu
ture.
But it is in cereals that the improvement in trade is
most pronounced. The advance in wheat was purely
legitimate, being based upon actual European de
mand, and was wholly free from manipulation. Corn,
too, participated in the improved inquiry, and ad
vanced slightly, the shipments from Atlantic ports
being 2,634,400 bushels, against 652,400 for the same
week last year. Indications of a Franco-British war,
though vague, have served to increase this legitimate
demand for cereals, and it was a fine week in grain
all around.
Against these gratifying conditions, however, were
a halt in the iron trade and a relapse in Wall street,
where a profound depression settled down. The pub
lic again deserted the street, leaving the market
wholly in the hands of the professionals, and on at
least two days the sales on the Exchange fell to less
than 150,000 shares. The causes of this depression
were the uncertainty regarding the election and ap
prehensions regarding the Fashoda affair, which at
the moment hangs like a cloud over international
finance and tends to financial caution all over Europe.
London got pessimistic over it and did some realizing
in Wall street. In spite of these unfavorable condi
tions, however, the public hung on to their securities
and prices did not decline except in a very few in
stances. The undercurrent of the market was strong,
holders basing their confidence on the ease of the
money market, the large earnings of railroads and the
heavy exports of cereals already mentioned. A strong
-feature to the situation was the utter indifference of
the street to the recent rise in discounts and bank
rates in England and on the Continent.
Here in California conditions were steady and some
changes were apparent. First, there was the rise in
wheat, which led to lively chartering of ships for ex
port, advanced tonnage rates materially, and gave a
brighter aspect to the whole grain trade. The dried
fruit market, too, which has been very dull for sev
eral weeks, showed signs of emerging from its apathy,
and the Eastern markets came through stronger,
owing to the cooler weather there, and several de
scriptions advanced. The rise has not yet reached
this market, however, though it probably will before
long at the present rate of progression. The course
of this market this fall has puzzled the oldest heads
in the business. With remarkably short fruit crops
all over the world, we should have had a lively mar
ket, whereas we have had a dull and weak one. No
body in the trade has yet explained why this is, for
the very good reason that the trade are all at sea.
It was a good week, too, for the vineyardists. The
price of grapes increased 50 per cent, and the de
mand increased in proportion. The crop is turning
out shorter than expected, and the wine-makers find
that if they want to make wine this year they will
have to pay up for the grapes. Stock-raisers also
found a good market for their cattle and sheep, and
the price of hogs advanced at the close.
Altogether it was the best week in general trade
that the country has enjoyed for some little time.
Harold Frederic's death is ascribed to Christian
science, but even those who bring the charge will ad
mit that heart disease has been known to be fatal
even in the absence of disciples of this science.
PHELfIN'S FORLORN HOPE.
a a AYOR PHELAN'S campaign for re-election
/ \ >s now reduced to a forlorn hope. His only
*■ * chance for success is to win over to himself
a strong following of Republicans. Large numbers
of his own party will repudiate him. The independent
voters who trusted him two years ago can no longer
be deluded. Unless by some means he can carry a
considerable portion of the Republican vote, he will
be overwhelmingly defeated.
He has only himself and his flatterers to blame for
the heavy odds now against him. The disaffection of
the Democrats is due to the high-handed manner in
which he usurped all authority in the party and set
aside the tried leaders and the rank and file for the
purpose of making himself supreme. Never before in
this or in any American city did a political boss ever
so completely override the principles of popular gov
ernment and so contemptuously ignore the people as
Phelan did when he joined with the Committee of
One Hundred to put up a so-called Democratic ticket
without giving the members of the party any voice
or representation in the selection of candidates.
Deprived of their right to participate in the nomi
nation of candidates, there is but one way by which
Democrats can rid their party of the incubus that has
fastened upon it, and that is to refuse to recognize
the Phelan nominees as a Democratic ticket and to
vote against it at the polls. That is what will be done.
The leaders of the party are outspoken in their oppo
sition to the usurping committee, and the great mass
of the rank and file who believe in true Democracy
and in self-government are determined to overthrow
what they call "the gang of the plug-hat boss."
Phelan now perceives the mistake he made in
tricking the Democratic leaders and refusing to allow
the Democratic masses to have a voice in the nomi
nation of the Democratic ticket. He sees he has lost
the support of his own party, and is now trying by ?
thousand devices to win Republican votes.
He poses as a man of ultra respectability, virtue
and honesty. It is known that he obtained his nomi
nation by a high-handed fraud upon his party, and
by methods showing he is utterly unscrupulous in
politics, but he asks Republicans to believe he did that
only because Democrats cannot be trusted to nomi
nate honest men, and that if elected he will be most
scrupulous and most honest in performing the duties
of Mayor.
It is hardly likely any intelligent voter in the Re
publican party will be deceived by this presumptuous
pretender to the honors of a political reformer. A
Republican convention which fairly represented the
masses of the party has nominated for Mayor a gen
tleman who does not have to pose or to seek the pur
chased praises of fawners or flatterers. His nomina
tion came without his solicitation; he is making a
canvass on the highest plane of citizenship, and can
be relied upon to fulfill the duties of the Mayoralty
with the economy and efficiency of a man of business,
the progressiveness of a true civic patriot, and without
arrogance of any kind.
Phelan's search for Republican votes is a forlorn
hope. It is as desperate a hazard as ever a political
adventurer made in an effort to redeem follies and
frauds and blunders. Republicans will stand by their
ticket, independent voters will stand with them, and
hundreds of self-respecting Democrats will unite to
crush the would-be boss and give San Francisco a
good government under the administration of Charles
L. Patton.
THE REPUBLICAN JUDICIAL TICKET.
ONE of the strong features of the Republican
local ticket is the excellence of the nomina
tions made for judicial offices. The vital ne
cessity to the community of having on the bench, men
learned in the law and of the highest probity was
recognized by the Republican convention and great
care was taken in selecting candidates for the judge
ships. As a result the party presents to the people
a judicial ticket worthy of the unanimous support of
the community.
Such men as James M. Troutt, Davis Louderback,
John Carson and Henry N. Clement hardly need a
recommendation to the voters of San Francisco.
None of them has lived his life in a corner. Each
has a high repute for legal ability and for integrity
among the members of their profession and in the
community generally. Judge Troutt has already shown
on the Superior bench his fitness for the office.
Judge Louderback's record as Police Judge attests
his qualifications for the place to which he now
aspires, while Mr. Carson and Mr. Clement hold a
high rank at the bar and can be counted on to main
tain when elected the best traditions of the bench. An
equal merit is to be found in the nominees for
Police Judgeships and for Justices of the Peace.
The people can afford to take no chances in the
election of Judges. An honest, able, independent and
courageous judiciary is the only safeguard to the
rights and property of citizens. Even those persons
who never have suits in court are benefittcd by the
virtue of the judiciary and would be injured by its
corruption. Any weakness, inefficiency or moral or
intellectual dishonesty on the part of our Judges is
at once felt by intelligent men to be a menace to all.
It is, therefore, one of the most important political
duties of the citizen to elect good Judges. It was on
that understanding the Republican convention made
its nominations, and all voters, without respect to
party, can serve their own interests and those of the
community as a whole by voting for every candidate
on the Republican judicial ticket.
A PREPOSTEROUS CLOIM.
DISPATCHES from Paris arc to the effect that
"the critical point" in the negotiations be
tween the United States and Spain has been
reached by the Commissioners, and European author
ities are reported to be uneasy about the result. The
so-called critical point is that raised by Spain in the
demand that the United States assume the debts of
all colonies of whose sovereignty Spain is deprived
as a result of the war.
The whole tenor of the European discussion on the
subject shows an evident desire to work up sympathy
for Spain and to induce the United States to assume
the debts that Spain has contracted. Of course the
source of this desire lies in the fact that the bonds
representing the debt are held by European bankers,
particularly by those of Paris, and it would be very
pleasing to the bondholders to have our Government
guarantee their payment.
The claim is a preposterous one, and neither the
diplomacy of Spain nor the persuasive eloquence of
its Parisian sympathizers can change its nature or
make it appear just. It is asserted that by depriving
Spain of her colonies the United States inflicts upon
her a loss of upward of $600,000,000, and that it would
be becoming to our greatness and magnanimity to
deal generously with the conquered and relieve her
to some extent of that loss.
In this claim the fact is overlooked that the United
States has incurred an expense estimated at about
$360,000,000 to carry on the war. That it was a con
test not of our seeking. That we demand no money
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 189 S.
indemnity from Spain. That we are not going to
exact heavy revenues from the liberated colonies to
repay us for our expenditures. That, in short, we are
going to bear our share of the cost of the conflict,
and therefore are not dealing harshly when we insist
that Spain bear whatever burdens she has brought
upon herself.
Had Spain been at war with any European power
she would not now be talking of inducing her con
queror to assume any part of her debt. She would
be pleading to escape from some such heavy in
demnity as that which Germany exacted from
France. We have been generous enough. We can
not in common justice impose the Spanish debts on
the Cubans or the Philippine islanders, neither would
our Government be justified in imposing them upon
ourselves. Spain contracted the debts and she must
pay them. The bondholders who loaned her the
money to maintain her power over the people of Cuba
and the Philippines must look to her for repayment.
PREBLE AGAIN TO THE RESCUE.
If is an attribute of the people who want to confiscate
land and make of the owners of all other property
a privileged class, enjoying the protection of gov
ernment and paying none of its cost, to object to the
obvious conclusions and deductions from their theory
and its statement.
In his first letter, defending Maguire's defense of
anarchy, Mr. Preble quoted the Judge's speech and
said: "Every syllable of that speech must be in
dorsed by enlightened citizens who believe in the
great democratic principle of political equality and
freedom, whose minds are not biased by race or class
prejudice."
This is a plain declaration that Maguire's indorse
ment of anarchists and nihilists was a declaration of
principles. After defending the anarchists in several
ensuing sentences, Mr. Preble returned to a restate
ment of Maguire's principles, saying: "What Judge
Maguire stands for is broad-minded liberalism, free
dom of thought and action, the reward "of service and
abolition of privilege, the highest ideals of the most
exalted human prerogatives — all that Paine and Jef
ferson and Franklin and Lincoln and Henry George
stood for in the onward march of human progress."
Mr. Preble now denies that he is in sympathy with
anarchists. If this be true, he has changed since his
last letter and is not one of the "enlightened citi
zens who must indorse every syllable" of Maguire's
anarchist speech. He also denies that he intended to
say that Paine, Franklin, Jeffetson and Lincoln
stood for what Maguire advocated in that speech
which all "enlightened men" must indorse.
Therefore in his letter published to-day he pulls
Maguire out of the exalted company of those sages,
or pulls them out of Maguire's exalted company, he
does not state which.
He draws also a distinction between "hunger-crazed"
and "poverty-crazed," and says in using the latter he
meant mental poverty. Well, we will admit that
many are born that way, under all institutional forms.
Mr. Preble says it is caused "by the denial by a class
of the right of the mass to the use of the earth on
terms of equality and justice." This class are the pri
vate land-owners, to confiscate whose property Mr.
Preble declares to be his religion, "just and holy, in
consonance with the laws of God."
We invite the attention of land-owners to this sec
ond letter of Mr. Preble, that they may find out what
style of abandoned wretches they are.
A man works on the streets at unskilled labor or in
the shops a&^a mechanic; he is prudent, temperate,
keeps his character upright, and saves money. When
his savings have accumulated they represent his
stored up labor; his tastes lead him to rural life and
instead of investing his money, the proceeds of his
labor, in personal property and business, he buys a
piece of land and makes upon it his home. Imme
diately, according to "Mr. Preble and Judge Maguire,
he becomes "a monopolist," a "denier of the right of
the mass to the use of the earth on terms of equality
and justice," with a land title "of indefensible origin,"
and "may at any moment be justly expelled by the
lawful owner, society."
He is told by Maguire and Preble that he is the
cause of anarchy, of that "poverty craze" which makes
men commit murder to recover the rights he has
robbed them of by investing his earnings in land.
Now Mr. Preble declares that in these characteri
zations of the land-owner he is hurling at this class the
thunder of "God's law." No fanaticism is as dan
gerous as that which piously asserts itself as an
agency of the divine purpose. Not many score of
years ago, in this country and Europe, old women
with moles on their chins or surplus hairs on their
chops, were being hanged, burned, put between
boards and sawn asunder or crushed between planks
for the crime of witchcraft. When their judges and
executioners were reasoned with, they replied, with
the shibboleth of Maguire and Preble and the land
confiscators, that belief in witchcraft was their re
ligion. Mr. Preble says that millions of the brightest
intellects believe with him and Maguire that the land
owner is a criminal against God's law. The witch
burner made the same answer, and truthfully, and
could point to that enlightened Judge, Sir Matthew
Hale, and the brightest props of church and state in
Europe and America.
It does not occur to these self-chosen adminis
trators of God's law that inequality of right to oc
cupy land as property was destroyed in this country
when Mr. Jefferson destroyed entail and primogeni
ture; that now men may earn money and invest in
land and buy and sell because there is no entail by
which land may be monopolized. The transfer of
land ownership is the same in law and morals as the
transfer of the ownership of personal property. The
laborer who saves money and buys land, and there
are more of that class in this country than elsewhere
in the world, owns that which his labor has bought,
and is not a criminal against God's law, nor the cause
of mental poverty, nor a monopolist and robber and
oppressor, though he is accused of all these by Judge
Maguire and Mr. Preble.
South Omaha has an enterprising Chief of Police
who believes in prize-fighting when the purse can be
so split up as to give him a share. It is for this rea
son he has been arrested as accessory to murder, a
pugilist having suffered the discomfort of being killed
in the ring after he had paid the Chief for the privi
lege. The questions naturally arising involve not only
the moral status of the official, but revive a debate
as to whether to kill a pugilist can be regarded as a
crime.
Pullman profits were never so great as for the cur
rent year. This corporation has the peculiar advan
tage of not paying its employes, but permitting them
to flourish on the charity of patrons. It is a great
dividend producing scheme, but it would not be per
mitted in any hotel not on wheels.
Frenchmen seem to think the Peace Commission
in session for the sole purpose of acquiring their ad
vice.
Now is the time for the Czar to give his olive
branch a flirt or two and restore confidence
MR. PHELAN AS THE NEW LIGHT.
A "Plain Citizen" Resumes His Discussion ol tne Plug-
Hat Boss and His Uniitness lor Office.
Editor San Francisco Call: Our American system of Government was
devised by men who knew the value of popular rights. They formulated the
principle that the people were the depositories of political power. They
knew it was necessary for the conduct of government to delegate that
power to individuals. But they made the delegation reluctantly and ex
pressly declared that rower not delegated in set terms remained with the
people.
The fathers of the republic gave power grudgingly to officials because
they 1. iew that power given by the people might be used against the
people. They did not take into account the honor, dignity, convenience or
ease of the political official; they consulted only for the security of the com
mon people. They made no provision for giving a free rein to great and
good reformers. They legislated for the ordinary politician. Wise, wealthy
and benevolent statesmen they knew might arise in the 'nture to lift the
masses to their own level and to benefit the populace In spite of itself. But
for theße benefactors of humanity our forefathers made no provisions. They
thought it better that the people should slowly and painfully climb the
heights through their own efforts rather than that they should through
the agency of some angelic politician be suddenly lifted by the hair of the
head into the clear and serene atmosphere wherein dwell the professional
non-partisan and the googoos.
HENCE OUR CONSTITUTION
Shows an elaborate hatred of the concentration of nn^-T and betrays In a
hundred places the anxiety of the founders to divide and subdivide politi
cal auihority. By a device up to that time unknown they split the supreme
authority into three parts and lodged it in three co-ordinate and independ
ent bodies. The power of making laws the- gave to a legislature; the
power of enforcing laws they conferred on a chief cxc utive; the power
of interpretating the laws they placed in a supreme court. These three pow
ers they made independent the one of the other, and so hedged them round
about that their attributes could not be confounded. Neither the President
nor any of his appointees could sit in Congress. No legislator who took
office could retain his seat in the Legislature. The Supreme Judges were ap
pointed for life so that no President could in the ordinary course of hu
man events control a majority of them and so that they would not be con
taminated by the party passion or swayed by the t opular fury that might
dominate a legislative assembly*
All this divl- 1 — "f authority has only one end, namely, to prevent the
power of the neople from being used against the people. As long as the
supreme authority is so split up the plain citizen is safe. No official can be
come so great as to override the law, and as long as law reigns, the Dlain
citizen, that is, you and I, has nothing to fear.
BUT IN OPPOSITION
To this elaborate system of checks and balances there Is another system
which apr-als to certain minds. When a general is sent out with an army
he mr» • those about him. Therefore it may be well for him to choose
his own staff. But whether he chooses them or not, they must obey him
and carry out his orders implicitly. The army Is one great organization.
The general is the head. The officers are the nerves that carry his mes
sages, the muscles that move the members.
Such a system is wondrously effective. The army does its work. A gov
ernment organized on such a plan would perform its duties at a minimum
of pxpense and at a maximum of efficiency. But it would not be a free govern
ment. It would be an unmitigated despotism.
Under our system we have deliberately chosen to prefer liberty to effi
ciency. A certain lack of effect, of cheapness, is the price we pay for our
freedom. Every method has been devised to prevent any one man from ob
taining a monopoly of political power. This is true of the State Governments
as well as of the Federal Government. The system is carried down to the
counties and municipalities on which the State rests. Freedom cannot
spring from despotism as a pure stream cannot flow from a polluted
source. If tie towns and counties are not free the State cannot be free.
Liberty does not come from above downward; it mounts from below up
ward.
Therefore In the government of this municipality of San Francisco the
general principles of the American system appear well developed. Politi
cal power Is divided between a Mayor with several executive officers, a
judiciary and a Board of Supervisors. The limits of their authority are
sharply defined. One must not tresDass on the bounds of the other. The
power given by the people may be used to hurt the people. Division of power
means the protection of the plain citizen, such as you and I.
Since this system has been elaborated for the benefit of the plain citizen,
that is, for your benefit and mine, it is our duty to stand by it, to preserve
it, to perpetuate it. Any tampering with it demands a Jealous eye. It is
our protection and we must guard it well.
NOW THE FIRST OBJECT WHICH A BOSS
Has in view is to gather to himself the powers thus divided for the good of
the plain people. He schemes to control the executive officers, the Super
visors, the Judges. A boss may hold office x>r not. Whether he does or not
makes little difference. His power consists in the fact that other officers are"
controlled by him. If he runs for office the people may defeat him. But
such defeat cannot destroy his power as long as he retains influence over
others. Some are now saying 1 that if we are to have a boss let us have one
elected by the people. But election by the people does not make or unmake
the boss. The boss has power because he controls men that hold office, not
because he holds office himself.
Where we have many bosses the control of officials Is in many hands.
One boss holds the Supervisors, another influences the judiciary, a third the
Sheriff's office, a fourth the County Clerk's. The incumbents of these offices
may be each his own boss. As they are always looking for more power
and are usually antagonistic the purpose of our government is fulfilled.
Power is divided and no official becomes so great as to contemn the reason
able demands of the private citizen, that Is, of you and of me. In such a
condition of affairs we can always play one boss against the other, and
where all are looking for popularity popular interests may receive some at
tention.
But if one man can control the whole city government where are our
guarantees? If one man can name the executive officials, the Board of Su
pervisors, the Judges; if one man can not only name them, but control
them, where is the protection for the plain citizen? You and I then become
mere' pawns on the chessboard. We are moved without our consent or
against our will wherever, whenever and however the master mind dictates.
NO BOSS PRETENDS
That he Is striving for political control. He uses many means to compass
his ends, and his means, as they are made known to the public, are de
scribed as being for the benefit of the public. Mr. James Phelan is by no
means a dull man. He has shown an aptitude for politics very creditable
to his. talents. He gauges public sentiment and he knows the cry that will
s.tir the people's hearts. He knows when to appear on the platform so as to
receive the applause. He has calculated to a nicety the psychological mo
ment when a veto or a message will catch the pnbllc attention. Even such
little details as paving a street do not escape him, and he knows how to
defer gently the fulfillment of a contract months old until its performance is
calculated to render the heart of the onlooklng voter as soft and as warm
as the asphaltum plaster that covers the patent blocks.
Therefore Mr. James Phelan does not come before the people with any
crude or undigested arguments as to his fitness to boss this town. He
comes to the people and proclaims himself one of them. He says: "It la
for your benefit that I am sacrificing myself. Day after day I am working
overtime. Consider my sad case— so hard have I labored in your behalf that
in a whole year T have been able to take only a two months' vacation. I am
in this fight for your benefit. You want good government, and I am going
to see that you get It and from me.
"But," he continues, "if lam to give you good government you must
trust me. You must give me men who will support my policy. I admit
that I have done nothing during the last two years. The Board of Supervis
ors blocked me here: the Auditor thwarted me there; the Assessor would
not do what I wanted him and half a dozen other officials had the impudence
to think for themselves. I wanted to do good and I knew nothing could be
done well as long as it was not done in my way. When I could not have
my way I did nothing. Therefore now give me men who will support my
policy and let me have my own way."
THE PLAIN CITIZEN
Marks, swallows and Inwardly digests these words. The plain citizen, that
is, you and I. thinks within himself "to support my policy" means to "let me
have my own way," and both are a new method of saying "to do my bid
ding." The campaign, therefore, made by Mr. Phelan is an appeal to the
people to upturn their own institutions. The people are committed to a plan of
the division of power. This argument is a demand for the concentration of
power. Fill all the offices with the nominees of James Phelan and James
Phelan will pee that the government is run as James Phelan thinks best.
The test of fitness for office, therefore, In the new dispensation is not
honesty or independence, but agreement with Mr. Phelan. This is the one
political virtue Tin which hang all others. The man who agrees with Mr.
Phelan's policy is the true and pure patriot. The man who ventures to dis
agree with Mr. Phelan's policy Is a thief and robber.
Neither Mr. Phelan nor his followers deny that this Is the new touch
stone of honor. He makes the plea himself, his followers make it for him.
HIS ONE CRY IS,
"Give me men who will work with me— Supervisors who will do my bidding
officials who will bow at my nod." In the City Hall to-day there are certain
men of the same party as Mr. Phelan whose honesty has never been ques
tioned. They are few, it is true, but their characters are above reproach
Mr. Phelan's campaign is ostensibly made to put such men into office!
But the Committee of One Hundred has coldly passed them by. They had
the misfortune to differ from Mr. Phelan. This is the unpardonable s ln. In
every other walk of life men may differ honestly. Plain people have a way
of holding: on to their own opinions. You think one thing; I think an
other: but we do not on that account, call one another rascal or thi<f But
it is different with Mr. Phelan. Every man who is not willing to work with
him, to support his policy, to let him have his own way— ln other words
to do his bidding, must be rejected and must be rejected in the name of
good government. When the other bosses refuse to give a man the nomi
nation at least they leave him his character. The new boss refuses a man the
nomination and in refusing it leaves the unfortunate applicant without a rag
of reputation to cover his shame.
For the plain citizen— for you and for me— the Issue 1b joined in this
campaign. The political wisdom and the political experience of this country
is embodied in our constitution. That constitution holds that the welfare o*f
the plain citizen— your welfare and mine— demands that power be divided and
that no one man shall control it all. Here is Mr. Phelan, a politician, who
comes to us and sets himself against the system under which he has been
born and reared, and says: "It is all wrong. There is a better way. Con
centrate all the power in my hands. Forget the wisdom of the past. I
am the new light." The plain citizen is suspicious of new lights. You and
I have heard of the wandering fire that draws the benighted traveler from
the safe and ancient road across marsh and moor and fen. Oayly it dances
before him, deceiving his eyes and filling his mind with thoughts of comfort
by the warm fireside and good cheer. These dreams lend fresh courage to
his sou!. He struggles on, forgetting all behind. And, lo! when he thinks
the gleam is in his reach he stumbles into an open grave.
NUMBER TWO.
A PLAIN CITIZEN.
MOGUIRE AND ANARCHY.
Editor Call: In your issue of the 12th
Inst., in an editorial headed "Maguire
and Anarchy," fou do me the honor of
characterizing me as Maguire'a "de
fender and supporter," "friend and
spokesman." I am proud to be regarded
as his friend and supporter, but as. to
being his defender and spokesman I
must disclaim any right to such dis
tinction until his course needs defend
ers and his matchless ability to act as
his own spokesman has waned.
I wish, however, that you would
grant me space to make one or two ob
servations which your editorials fol
lowing my letter of October 5 have
called forth and to correct some mis
statements you have made concerning
things I said, misstatements made, I
am charitable enough to believe, not
deliberately or maliciously, but care
lessly and due perhaps to a faulty
memory and a failure to read beyond
the type and accurately interpret ray
meaning, though I tried to be plain.
First, in speaking of such revolu
tionary anarchists as the slayers of
Carnot and the Empress of Austria, I
said "poverty-crazed," not "hunger
crazed." There is a difference. There
are a good many in this land of plenty
who are well nigh poverty-crazed, yet
who have never known the loss of a
meal or felt the pangs of hunger.
The knowledge of monopolized nat
ural sources of wealth held out of use,
or used to enrich the captains of privi
lege at the expense of the masses, is a
far greater menace to the stability of
this or any other Government at the
hands of the masses before they have
got to the hunger-crazed stage than it
can be after the life and spirit have been
starved out of them. I used the term
"poverty-crazed" advisedly and In its
fullest sense. The poverty of intellect
which permits a human being to be
lieve that any wrong can be righted by
murder is the child of a material pov
erty caused by the denial by a class of
the right of the mass to the use of the
earth on terms of equality and Justice.
You are doubtless correct in your as
sertion that Herr Most is not a hunger
crazed wretch. He was one of the
strongest supporters of Mr. McKinley
of Canton in the campaign of 1896, if I
am not mistaken. I do not imply by
this, however, that Mr. McKinley is the
associate, apologist or defender of an
archists.
In my letter I took special pains to
say that I was not defending anar
chism or pleading its cause, nor am I
now attempting an apology for any
thing I wrote. You wrong me in sayinff
that I avow myself in sympathy with
anarchy. I am in sympathy with noth
ing but absolute justice and freedom of
thought and speech. Your suggestion
that my letters be used as a campaign
document by the Republican State Cen
tral Committee is a good one. I hope it
will be done. I am egotist enough to
believe that it would, in conjunction
with the small pamphlet issued by
them, entitled "Maguire, the Farmer,
the Single Tax," do much to advance
the cause of truth.
You said in your article of the 12th
inst, in speaking of anarchists and
their doctrines, "These are the princi
ples which Mr. Preble says were the
same as Paine and Jefferson, Lincoln
and Henry George stood for in the on
ward march of human progress."
Now, Mr. Editor, if in your wisdom
you see fit to leave out any or all of the
preceding portion of this letter I hope
you will at least set me right before
your readers in this regard. What I
said was: "Judge Maguire stands for
broad-minded liberalism, freedom of
thought and action, the reward of ser
vice and abolition of privilege — the
highest ideals of the most exalted hu
man prerogatives — all that Paine, Jef
ferson, Franklin, Lincoln and Henry
George stood for," etc. — some difference
between that and "Do as you wish, "
"Everything is everybody's," "Down
with government in all its authority
and all its forms."
I do not object to criticism or even
ridicule for my opinions, but it is not
fair to misquote and misrepresent. Of
the single tax, I have but to say that
who attacks it attacks my religion — not
only mine, but that of some millions of
others numbering among them many
of the brightest intellects and natural
law-and-order-loving people In the An
glo-Saxon race throughout the civilized
world, who regard it in principle and
theory as being right, just and holy— m
consonance with the laws of God and in
line with the evolutionary spirit and
progress of modern fiscal policy. Re
spectfully submitted.
P. B. PREBLB.
Oakland, Cal., Oct. 14, 1898.
NOT IN WILLOWS.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 2S. 1898.
Editor Call: Anent the various state
ments by the papers in regard to the late
political meeting in Willows, please allow
me to state In your paper that in all my
life I have never yet had the pleasure of
being In the town of "Willows, though I
expect to be there within a few days.
Tours truly.
EDWARD L. HUTCHISON.
FTLIPINOS IN UNITED STATES.
Editor San Francisco Call: I notice In
The Call a statement that there are but
two or three native Filipinos in the
United States. It is a mistake, for
there are over a hundred of them in New
Orleans, and have been for a number of
years. My father, Pedro de los Santos,
was a native of Manila, and lived in New
Orleans for thirty years. Those living in
New Orleans are mostly fishermen.
MRS. L. BERRY.
CaL glace fruit 60c p«r 1b at TownieaAl*
Special information supplied dally to
business house? and public men by th*
Frees Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Free to All
Troubled with dandruff, eczema. Itching:
ecalp and falling hair. Sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade. Address Smith Bros.,
Fresno, Cal. *
Stationery and Printine.
Blank books, memorandums, legal
blanks, "Berkshire" typewriting: papers,
"Diamond" and "Gilt E9ge" ribbons,
Marcus Ward's and Hurlbut's fine writ-
Ing papers, "Koh-i-noor" pencils, Water
man's "Ideal," "Swan," Sterling 1 " and
"Ranally" fountain pens, from SI to $5
each. The best in the world. Visiting
cards and invitations a specialty. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Miss Wellalong— l don't believe half th»
men are as black as they are painted.
Gayboy — No, nor the women as blond a*
they are bleached.— Town Topics.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For eale by Druggists In everr
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 28c a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
Thlß car is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goei
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets-on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates,
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market at.
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 BO per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
• MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES BICK
headache. Indigestion and constipation. A. de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruption! of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy*FIRE DOES
MUCH DAMAGE
IN PANAMA
Nearly Forty Build
ings Destroyed.
ARRIVAL OF THE SAN JUAN
THE NICARAGUA CANAL BOUTE
BEING EXAMINED.
Arrival of a Party of Experts Prom
New York Causes Much Un
easiness on the
Isthmus.
They are having lively times In Pan
ama. According to the news brought by
the Mall steamer San Juan a goodly por
tion of the business part of the town has
been burned and the authorities are
terribly worried over the building of the
Nicaragua canal. Naturally the people
of the isthmus do not want to see that
scheme carried through by the United
States, as it would be a death blow to
Panama.
The fire which did so much damage to
Panama broke out a few days before the
Ban Juan sailed for San Francisco. Jt j
began in the store of Francisco Torm and
Is supposed to have been of incendiary
origin. Thirty-two buildings and their
contents were burned and five were de
molished in attempts to stay the progress
of the flames. The loss. including mer
chandise, is estimated at $300,000.
They have no water works In Panama,
but the Panama Railway Steamship Com
pany got its pumps to work and saved
a lot of property besides its own wharves. j
The city had plenty of hose, but the coup
lings would not fit the steamship com
pany's appliances, so little could be done. j
Large quantities of alcohol, rum and ker- j
osene were stored in the burning build- |
ings and they materially assisted the con- i
flagration. In the store of Hipolito de la j
Oliva, dynamite was stored, and when the |
explosive went off everybody thought the
end of the world had come. There was al
most a panic and the troops had to be
called out to preserve order. Fresh goods
had been ordered and the work or re
building many of the stores had begun be
fore the San Juan sailed.
The arrival of the steamer Finance i
brought to Panama F. Eyre of W. R.
Grace & Co., Edward Cragin of Chicago j
Drainage Canal fame, Frank Washburn j
of Washburn & Sons, contractors of New j
"York and Alex Bacon, a New York attor- |
ney. They remained a short time on the 1
isthmus and the people were hoping j
against hope that their visit might have I
something to do with the Panama canal.
All their hopes went a glimmering, how
ever, when the gentlemen in question
took passage for Corinto, Nicaragua, with ,
the avowea intention of going over and
making a thorough examination of the
Nicaragua canal route. They will return
home via San Francisco, but will probably ,
have very little to say about the scheme. I
According to the officers of the San Juan !
the Eyre, Cragin, Washburn party will j
remain in Nicaragua a month.
The cabin passengers of the San Juan !
were Maurice Drake, : Mrs. Thraylkill,
Mrs. W. C. Craig. F. D. Casa, Tan Chuen,
Piari Vie W. S. Keys, H. B. Whfpple
and eleven Europeans and thirteen Chi- j
nese, In transit to Hongkong in the stser- j
age.
' The barkentines 3. G. Wilder and S. N. I
Castle and bark Andrew Welch are hav
ing a nice little three-cornered race to
Honolulu. The Castle beat the others up.
but Captain Drew of the Andrew Welch I
vows that he won't do the trick again.
The new yacht Gladys, built for Thomas j
Holron of Honolulu, went down on the
deck of the Andrew Welch. The hand
some little craft met with a bad mishap
before she was got aboard. She was
brought over from Stone's shipyard last
Thursday morning and the vessel was to
go to sea as soon as the yacht was safely ;
aboard. In order to get the Gladys into
the space reserved on deck for her she
had to be taken between the Andrew
Welch and the wharf. The swell from a
passing ferry steamer threw the bark
against the yacht, jamming the latter
against the piles, smashing a couple
of her planks, starting others and doing
gome minor damage. The builder worked
all that day and all night on the yacht
and got things shipshape again se> that
the Andrew Welch was only detained a
day.
The Alaska Packers' Association's ship
St. Nicholas arrived from Karluk yester
day with 35.200 cases of salmon and all
the Chinese from the cannery.
The work of getting the transports j
ready is going on night and day. The i
Ohio" and Indiana at the sea wall, the Zea- |
landia at Pacific street, and the Pennsyl- j
vania at the Union Iron Works, will be
ready this week and the chances are they
will all get away next Monday or Tues
day. The Newport is ready to go out
when called upon, and the City of Puebla
will be overhauled at once. She was
fumigated yesterday and came over to |
Broadway wharf, where she docked. Cap- I
tain Harry Goodall is not very well and
the chances are that he will not go out
again on the Pueblo.
The seamer George W. Elder arrived
from Portland yesterday. Among the pas
sengers were the members of "The Span J
of Life" company, which opens at the i
California Theater to-night.
ADVEBTISEMFNTS.
"I DO ]MT OWN WOKK."
So Says Mrs. Mary Roohiette ol
Linden, New Jersey, in this
Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
•• I was bothered with a flow which
would be quite annoying at times, and
at others would almost stop. '
"I used prescriptions given me by my
taking your medi-
cine, and ha*ve certainly been greatly j
benefited by its use.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has indeed been a friend to me.
M I am now able to do my own work,
thanks to your wonderful medicine. I
was as near death I believe as I could \
be, so weak that my pulse scarcely beat j
and my heart had almost given out. I !
could not have stood it one week more, j
lam sure. I never thought I would j
be so grateful to any medicine.
" I shall use my influence with any j
one suffering as I did, to have them !
use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable |
Compound."
Every woman that is puz2led about
her condition should secure the sympa-
thetic advice of a woman who under- ■
stands. Write to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass. . and tell her your ills.
MANILA HEROES TELL OF THEIR
EXPERIENCES.
"THE citizens of San Francisco had
J their first real opportunity yester
day to gaze upon a lot of genuine
heroes. The invalid soldiers who re
turned on the Rio Janeiro were
the cynosures of every eye at the
Presidio. Not only were they
visited by the men now en
camped at the Presidio and about
to depart for the Philippines, and who
wanted to know all they had to ex
pect, but many hundreds of citizens as
well plied the heroes with questions
until the men grew weary of answer-
Ing. The boys who have been, and
seen and conquered and lived to re
turn are not loth to talk and tell of
their experiences, and while the most
of them, especially those that return
with wounds, are extremely modest,
yet a pinch of salt has to be taken
with the statements of a few.
Major Matthews stated that all of
the men are doing nicely, and of the
dozen who are really sick he has hopes
of recovery in all but one case, that of
Private William S. Jefferson, an un
assigned recruit of the First Colorado.
He has typhoid fever with complica
tions and cannot recover. His death
is but the question of a few hourß.
Private Fred Carver, Company G,
Fiftv-flrst lowa, is also lying at
death's door with the same disease.
The returned soldiers took advan
tage of the beautiful weather to re
main out of doors as much as possible.
They gathered upon the verandas and
steps of the barracks, and each and
every man was surrounded by an In
terested group of admirers, who lis
tened eagerly to every word that fell
from the lips of him who had been
there. Major Matthews permitted tha
California boys to go into the city and
visit their homes, and he also allowed
others who had friends here to go and
see them.
The men who have returned will be
furloughed just as rapidly as they get
well enough to leave the hospital.
Those members of the Thirteenth
Minnesota who are sufficiently re
covered will leave for their homes on
r private car to-night. The car was
provided for their especial benefit by
the Governor of the State. Some of
the men are Soldiers whose time of
service is nearly up, and who have
been sent back with only a few days
40 serve, and when this is up they will
be discharged. All of the soldiers are
happy to be at home again and not
one of them haß so far expressed any
desire to return to Manila. They all
declare that this country is good
enough for them, and that while their
patriotism has not cooled in the future
they will think twice before they go
again.
jKose Who Wear
the J^auser's Scars
THERE is no doubt that to those of
the soldiers who brought home the
mark of a Mauser bullet upon their
person was accorded the greatest hom
age yesterday by the crowd that went
out to visit the hospital. The men
who were so lucky as to be wounded
and then live to return felt repaid
for all they suffered In the adoration
of their friends. The heroes of San
Juan and El Caney were not more ad
mired in the East than were the
wearers of honorable scars received at
Manila, at the Presidio yesterday. All
of the wounded are getting- along nice
ly, and of the fifteen who returned
all have so far recovered as to be out
of danger, although some of them will
require close attention for some time
to come. The . boys spoke of their
wounds as little scratches and the
majority of them are superficial, but
there are some who will never know
perfect health and freedom from pain
again as long as they live. The follow
ing is a list of those soldiers who were
shot and a description of their wounds.
The majority of these were wounded in
the battle of August 13, when the as
sault was made by the American
forces upon the city of Manila, A few
bear scars that were received in that
terrible and memorable night attack
of July 31, when amid a hail
of bullets and the downpour .of
rain they manfully stood by their post
in the inky darkness and frustrated
the murderous attack of the Span
iards:
Private Clarence Rice, Company E,
Thirteenth Minnesota, gunshot wound
right leg.
Private Arthur Johnson, Company
A, Tenth Pennsylvania, gunshot
w<3und above left eye.
Corporal Harry D. Bishop, Company
D, Tenth Pennsylvania, gunshot
wound left arm.
Private Charles W. "Wallace. Com
pany D. Tenth Pennsylvania, gunshot
wound right leg. t
Private Charles E. Van Pelt, Astor
Battery, gunshot wound left thigh.
Corporal Holliday Van Horn, Astor
Battery, gunshot wound right leg.
Private Sidney May, Astor Battery,
gunshot wound left hand.
Sergeant Robert H. Sillman, Astor
Battery, gunshot wound right knee.
First Lieutenant C. G. Bunker,
Thirteenth Minnesota, gunshot wound
right wrist.. „
Henry Stockfleth, corporal. Battery
H, Third Artillery, superficial gunshot
wound in back. •
Harry Booker, private, Company C,
Twenty-third Infantry, gunshot wound
left thigh. ■ ■;
Robert R. Parker, private, Company
C, Twenty-third Infantry, gunshot
wound left thigh.
' Charles A. Morgan, private, Com
pany C. Twenty-third Infantry, gun
shot wound left thigh.
Charles S. Carter, private. Company
K. Tenth Pennsylvania, gunshot
wound in throat. - i,
Caliistus J. Edwards, private. Com
pany A. First California, gunshot
wound left shoulder.
♦ .
Jhe flight /Utack ir\
the Pouring Jtairv
IF a man has any sense he will re
i main right here at home. I for one
do not care to go to a country where
without any warning you are liable
to contract a case of dysentery and be
carried off in two days and to your
grave one day later." This Is the
opinion of Private C. J. Edwards of
AT GLEN PABK.
The Balloon Ascension Yesterday
Was a Complete Success.
A horde of hoodlums made Rome howl
at Glen Park yesterday. As a result sev
eral of them are registered at the Central
Station, and they are not likely to repeat
their actions. The racket started by the
refusal of a couple of fellows to pay for
drinks they had ordered, whereupon the
bartender called a special policeman and
he placed them under arrest. A gang of
\ their pals Interfered, and the fracas soon
I spread to many parts of the grounds. A
j message was sent to the Central Station
! and several officers were Immediately dis
j patched to the scene, but everything had
! quieted down before they arrived.
The balloon ascension made by Profes
sor F. P. Hagel was a complete success In
every particular. The balloon soared to
the dizzy height of 5000 feet from the
professor cut the parachute loose, and
he landed within 200 feet from the point
of ascension. The large crowds could
hardly be handled by the railway com
panies, and the terminus of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Company will be
changed to the park entrance instead of
at the junction of Thirtieth and San Jose
avenue. Next Sunday a stage will be
erected to accommodate a company or
vaudeville performers, and the managers
have arranged a sword match between
Sergeant Moffltt of the Fourth Cavalry
and J. L. Waller of the National Guard.
Both are deft and" handy with their wea
pons, and the spectators will witness a
good contest. A rustic pavilion, which
will be used as a cafe, will be opened for
the first time. It is capable of seating
about 200. The Fourth Cavalry band ren
dered a number of pretty selections. The
balloon ascension will be repeated next
THJU SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
Company A, First California. Ed
wards was attached to the hospital
corps, and on the night of July 31 was
shot through both lungs, and the
nasty Mauser that singled him out
now lies embedded in his spinal
column. At the time he was wounded
Edwards was assisting in the work of
carrying the wounded to the hospital.
He is now suffering from paralysis of
the legs as a result of his wound. His
etory as he tells it is most interesting.
"I shall never forget that night at
tack. It was so dark that you could
not see your hand before your face.
One of those eastern typhoons that
they have there was raging at the
time and the rain was falling in tor
rents. You could only distinguish the
man next you by the flash of his gun,
and amid the noise of the tempest and
the crash of the rifles the bullets kept
up a frightful monotone whistling that
was very trying upon one's nerves.
The California boys behaved like men
and they saved the Minnesota soldiers
from annihilation. I ""had just been
HEROES HOME AGAIN!
carried to the hospital myself when
the remains of poor Sergeant Maurice
Justh were brought in. He had been
shot in the abdomen and instantly
killed. The physicians were never able
to determine whether he was killed by
a spent Mauser or a brass slug. The
boys have only words of praise for
Surgeon Major McCarthy, who has
done everything for them."
Edwards will have .to submit to an
operation and have the bullet removed
from his spine before he can hope to
have the perfect use of his limbs
again.
J-lorrible Scenes
ir\ the Hospital
•QRIVATE Charles Carter, Company
J X, Tenth Pennslyvania, was an
other of the soldiers who was
wounded in the memorable attack of
July 31. He was shot through both
lungs and lay for five weeks in the
field hospital at Camy Dewey. From
his cot he witnessed the day attack
upon the city, and his description of
the way in which the wounded men
were brought in and cared for is most
interesting. He says:
"As fast as a man fell he was bun
dled into a carametta, which is a small
two-wheeled cart, generally drawn by
a pony much smaller than the cart.
The wounded soldiers were placed in
these without much regard for their
ease or comfort. A guard escorted
the cart to the hospital, and the pony
was always driven by a native. Aa
soon as the hospital was reached the
native backed the cart up to the door
and the man was taken into the op
erating room. At first it was awful,
but finally I grew accustomed to the
sight of men torn and mangled. Their
cries were heartrending until they
were got under the influence of chloro
form. The physicians operated upon
the soldiers just as rapidly as possible.
Frequently at night the last sound I
would hear would be the groans of
some poor fellow, and it would be the
first sound that fell upon my ears in
the morning. I became accustomed to
the sight of seeing men die and be car
ried out for burial. When a soldier
was dead they would sew him up in a
sack and take him out. Then a detail
would come for him, and th.it was the
end of it all. It was horrible, but
finally I came to look upon death just
as one looks upon any other thing in
life and these daily occurrences made
no impression upon me."
Identity Buried irv
Japanese Writing
THE remains of Privates Henry P.
llott J. Ordway of the Second Ore-
Shuter of the Astor Battery and El
gon Regiment, who died at sea, were
embalmed, placed in Japanese caskets,
hermetically sealed and brought here
for shipment to their homes. Dn Sat
urday night the two bodies were re
moved to the division hospital pend
ing their shipment. These caskets are
both alike. They are longer and
heavier than the ordinary casket and
Sunday, and new features will be added
to the programme.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's.
653 Market. Country order" -_ollclted. ♦
The Competitive Drill.
A most enthusiastic meeting of the corn-
ADVEBTISISMENTS.
EXHIBITION
OF
VALUABLE PAINTINGS.
IN THE BANQUET HALL OF THE
California Hotel, 416 Bush St, S. F.
Take Elevator to Eighth Floor.
EVERY DAY FROM 2 TO 6 O'CLOCK P. M.
AUCTION SALE
OF THE SAME.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2«TH. AND THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27TH. 1898.
To Commence at 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:30 o'clock Evenings.
W» will sell the Entire Gallery of the late FERD RICKARDT'S PAINTINGS.
They must be sold without regard to value.
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
have no handles. They have the ap
pearance of logs that have been hol
lowed out, while the head and foot
of the casket have a convex shape.
These bodies were embalmed at Na
gasaki by Japanese and were placed in
the caskets. Yesterday when one of
the bodies was called for Major Mat
thews found himself in a predicament.
The names of both men were upon the
caskets, but they were written in Jap
anese. The major declared that he had
forgotten all the Japanese he had
learned at school and no one was
found who could interpret the names.
The question, and it w»s a serious one,
was which was which. It would not
do to send Shuter's remains to Ord
way's friends, and vice versa. There
was as far as could be seen, no dis
tinguishing mark of identification, and
Major Matthews was at his wit's end,
when one of the hospital stewards
found upon the bottom of the casket,
written with a pencil. In a small hand,
the names of the men. But for this
piece of good luck the caskets would
have had to have been opened before
the men could have been identified.
Posting Sentries c
Under HeavKi Fire .0
J 3 c
CERGEANT GEORGE "W. SMALL,
0 Company L, First Colorado, had
an experience during the night at
tack of July 31 that will remain green
in his memory for some time to come.
He describes it as follows:
"I was in charge of the outpost sen
tries that night. It was my duty to
post the sentries. With the relief I ,
was sitting in front of the fire think
ing of home when the firing com- '
menced and the fcullets began to sing
all around us. The small branches
that were cut away by them fell like |
rain. One of the sentries came in and
wanted to know if he could not He '
down as the Mausers were too thick '
for comfort. He said he could see (
just as well and he thought perhaps .
a little better. I told him yes, and <
he went back to his post and threw ,
himself upon the ground. Just then
a bullet ripped up the earth beneath i
his leg and one whizzed by my ear.
1 told the boys I thought it was get
ting too warm by the fire, and that i
we had better get behind trees and
cool off. I saw no use in uselessly '
exposing myself and men, especially |
as we were not in the fight and could
not see from where the bullets were (
coming. I felt rather frightened, and ,
during it all I had to leave that tree
and go out and post my relief. I shall I
never forget my sensations upon that .
night." _ (
Doings of the
Men ir\ Camp
THE Utah Troop of Cavalry, which
has been doing duty In the
Yosemite, has been ordered to the
Presidio.
The funeral of Private Deutchen,
Battery I. Third Artillery, who died
at the post hospital of typhoid fever,
took place yesterday afternoon.
Private James N. Mcadors of the
Eighth California, who was recently
acquitted of the murder of Private
Try of the same regiment, has been
arrested and -confined at the Presidio.
He will now have to appear before
a military tribunal to answer the
charge of conduct prejudicial to good
order and military discipline. He can
not be tried for murder again.
The Indiana will sail this week. It
is now expected that the Pennsyl
vania will get away before the Ohio,
as the latter has required much more
repairing than was at first thought
she would.
Private Charles P. Tuthill of the
Corps of Engineers, who was returned
as insane, is thought by Major Mat
thews to be only shamming insanity.
The man talks intelligently and there
Is nothing about him to indicate that
he is mentally unbalanced. He was
tried for conniving with the insur
gents and was convicted and sen
tenced to be shot, and it is said that
he escaped upon the groginds of in
sanity. The man has only fourteeen
more days to serve.
mittee of arrangements for the drill to
take place at Mechanics' Pavilion to
morrow evening was held at the Toung
Men's Chrltlan Association Hall, Saturday
evening, when all the final committees
were appointed, and over one thousand
tickets were taken by the committee on
sale of tickets. If the lrfterest manifested
is an indication of what may be expected
Mechanics' Pavilion will be crowded to
its utmost capacity. In connection with
the drill a farewell reception will be ten
dered the officers and men by the commit
tee of arrangements. It will be the last
opportunity of witnessing a drill and en
joying the music of the three regimental
bands, which have become so popular in
the last few months. Company F, First
Tennessee; Company M. Fifty-first lowa,
and Company M, Twentieth Kansas, will
participate in the contest. The First Bat
talion of the Fifty-first lowa Regiment
will also give a battalion drill preceding
the competitive drill by the three selected
companies. Dr. Dille is to present the
cup to the winner. Reserved seats on sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s and at Shreve
& Co.'s.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cored. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny, B.F. Cal.
Appreciative Soldiers.
Editor Call— Sir: We, the members of
Company M, Twenty-third United States
Infantry, who are now on our way to
Manila, wish to thank, through your val
uable paper, the Rev. Father O'Ryan and
the ladies of the Catholic Truth Society
for theiK kindness to us while in San
Francisco. But especially do we wish to
thank Mrs. E. McCloskey, who has been
all that a mother could be to us. Their
kindness to us shall never be forgotten.
Respectfully, Lemon Applegate, John
Barker, Sergeant Joe Branzell, William
Welch, Bernard Varner, John Mitchell,
Corporal Nammans, Sergeant Frohem,
Balbo Loith, John Wlngo, James Reeves.
All troubled with piles should address
"Anakesls," Tribune bdp., N. V., for cure*
Norse Mythology.
The San Francisco Theosophlcal So
ciety met last nipht in the Academy of
Science lecture hall and some very In
teresting papers were read. C. B. Wood
ruff delivered a lecture on "Norse Myth
ology," in which he interpreted.themean
ing of the myths of the Vikings-
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
EMF»EOT A Ti
Monday Tnesday Wednesda)
miTTRD ) Our usual kind_th
oUIIcK f best creamery. We've
45c. per Sauare t eold it all week fo
. ) 60c. -i:--
v Also vermicelli, spag
.. >** . ~lv^.. I hetti and paste. Made
MACARONI [of the hard flinty
lb. 12 ( faganrok wheat -
. - I best Imported. Regu
- ) larlsc. lb.
QAUFRETTES V ;*■■; 
/ Imported French wa
PniiDDPPC > tfre, filled with pure
FO y RREES ( frail. Regular 350. tin
tin 30c. )
QAS HEATERS -.j^^^^afels*..
70c. each o^^PWi^jMjim,
Heats a room In 10
min., can be attached
to any gas fixture. *d$
Regular $1.00 each. . J^^^j M'<
OAS TORCH \ lnclnding box of tap-
25C. each / ers; regularly 40c.
O.K. WHISKEY ) The popular brand
o«**i - *-> nn\ good old Bourbon —
3 Bottles, $2.00 > Jure, mellow. Regu-
Uallon, $3.00 ) larly $1.00 ands4oo
Rollmopse, very fine.
NFW GOODS ( Huntley & Palmers'
ARRIVED i Biscuits. New line
AKKntU toothbrushes.
PEARLINE 100I 00 - a package
Country orders shipped free 100 miles. .
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
THE OLDDOCTOR !
Consult him If- you are troubled with unpleas-
ant dreams (which make you arise unrefreshed
in the morning), Vertigo, Forgetfulness,' De-
spondency, Lame .Back, Headache, Legache,
Deposits In Urine.'Attacks of Blues and many
other symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
by excesses. . . ■ //
He cures where others fall all Contagious
Diseases and Weaknesses of Men.
Consultation Free at office or by letter. ■
Hours— 9 to 12, 2 to 6, 6:30 to 8. Sunday. 10
W. NORTON DAVIS, M.D.,
818 Kearny Street. San Francisco. iViwi
J^^PSl RUPTURE.
Wifc^rX/v JmBP USE no more ikon
■GBmßn£mBo'^ Hocps or Steel Springs.
J^MB^ Rupture retained with ea»»
fl-~"' f£r*X. and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fmC' cally CURED by DR.. PIERCE 1
% //Ef^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. (CTCaI! at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
' Itol !j|[ ""Kill j j
I once heard the leading 'contralto singer of the Castle
Square Theater Opera Co., of 3oston, remark to a friend,
Bitting in her dressing-room :'" Some singers can't sing
' well, they say, just after eating heartily, and take. ' only a
light lunch; but it works just the opposite with me. It's
impossible for me to sing a hard opera without having a
: good meal before ; but I often take a, #
Rip&ns Tafouie
to help 'digest it. My voice is always clearer and mor»,
powerful when I do,"
'• - ;;'; \\ : ' '_.-■■; _ I ADVERTISEMENTS. -:. . ' •; ' ~j_- ,
CITY OF Jj|| PARIS;
DRV GOODS COMPANY. ■ «
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT. ]
A special offering in High-Grade Ladies'. Tailor-made Suits — own exclusive *
style — Hussar "-«-a double-breasted tight-fitting Basque with the latest style i
Spanish flounce skirt — in 5 different shades. . 4
$22.50, REGULAR $30.00 VALUE. ;
(See them in our window.) <
Direct importation of Parisian Street and Evening Costumes — Elegant Separate '<
Dress Skirts — Capes and Jackets— None to be compared with ours. - Q <
GOLF CAPES.. ■:V i — !/«. - .... . ;> -1
In the largest variety of colors and all lengths. . <
....FUR COLLARETTES AND HECK 80A5,.,. <
MACKINTOSHES. ;
The latest shades and styles— one guaranteed — at prices lower than last ]
season. , Prepare in time for stormy weather. . . , .4-.." 5. <
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, *
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ;
SE. Corner G ary and Stockton Streets, S. P. }
Hi^T . ; UNION SQUARE. ' . .'."■•" "';J
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
t-V. 1 ' AND BLANCHE BATES,
In a Superb Revival of Edward E. Rose's Great
Romantic Drama, THE
PRISONER
OF ZENDA.
A STRONG CAST! .
ELABORATE PRODUCTION!
Next Monday— Last "Week of the Frawleys.
Prices ........•........•.;.. 25c, 50c, 75c and ?1
. ■ "THE TRANSIT OF LEO." "
N. B.— "Mistakes "WilT Happen." ■'- . ...
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MA THE
AND...
BULGER.
Direction of Dunne and ; Ryley, presenting
the rag-time opera, ......
BY THE SAD
SEA WAVES.
Next Monday— "SOWlNG THE WIND."
WOEOSGO'S GRAND
v alt*b Mokobco, Sole Lessee and Manaaet
WEEK OF OCTOBER 24, 1898.
GRAND REVIVAL! - I
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF THE EVER
POPULAR SENSATIONAL DRAMA
STREETS OF |
NEW YORK
A Star Cast!' A Powerful Play! ■- A Great Fire
Scene! A Gorgeous Scenic Display! .
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and SOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, .. lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT !~
■ " - "' ■ GRAND REVIVAL. ' " ' ' '
Lecocq's Magnificent Opera, •• ■ < ■ '
= OIROFLE
= GIROFLA
' As Produced at the Casino, New York.
"ITS THE BEST OF ALL OF "EM!"
Popular Prices' J ..."...23e and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c.
Telephone Bush 9. .
■ ■ = i
\AI. X. HESS.
ROTARY. POBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1016, Claus S Aela..Ukdg.
Telephone Brown 931.
I Residence, 821 California at., below PowaU.
Ban Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SHINING LIGHTS OF PARCH COMSDT.
JOHN C. RICE and SALLY COHEN
In "OUR HONEYMOON."
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS. .' V--
Specialties by CHARLIE ROSSOW, th» Small-
est Female Impersonator in the World.
MR. and MRS. B. MILTON ROYLE and
COMPANY In "Captain Impudence."
MARY NORMAN. New Caricature*
LOUIS M. GRANAT, BARRY and FELIX.
. RAY BURTON. THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. 2oc. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. •
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
BEATS BY PHONE— S*. "."....
TO«NIOHT AND during
IKJ nlUn 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
David Belasco's Beautiful Play,
MAY •••••••••
"^^BLOiSSOM
■: : . ALL NEW SCENERY.
BSFceS! 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
■ Next Week,
N. C. GOODWIN'S POLITICAL COMEDY,
"AMBITION."
COMEDY_THEATER.
• CHARMING. LOVELT
..•.CLARA THROPP....
In the New Operatic Fare© Comedy.
"THE LITTLE HUSSAR."
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSIC.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
SOUVENIR MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SAT-
'•-'■ *':Zjl '•'"' URDAY AND SUNDAY.
25c to All Parts; Gallery, 150.
EVENING PRICES 15c, 25c, 85c and 800.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
Next— HENDERSON COMPANY.
CHUTES ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Pl FEAST [1
..OIF RUIN..
IN THE FREE THEATER. 1 1
LILLIAN F. SMITH, Champion Rifle Shot
of the World, with her SISTER and FATHER;
McBRIDE and JAMES, the Celtic Kin«»;
CECIL MARION, Soprano: KELLY and VIO-
LETTE, Society Sketch Artists; MASON and
LINSLEY, Triple Horizontal Bar Perform-
ers, and EUSAPIA, Political Transformation
Dancer.
EVERY THURSDAY. AMATEUR NIGHT!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. he.
CONCERTS AND RESORT!?.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
This and Friday Evenings ■ and Wednesday
'. ' Afternoon, Three More of
THE HEINRICH RECITALS.
MR. and MRS. MAX HEINRICH, and MISS
JULIA HEINRICH,
Interpreters of the Classics In Song: '
To-day at 11 a. m.. FIRST STUDENTS' " MJ-
■ i . . - CITAL.
PRICES— 73c and $1. Seats now on aal. at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ■ -
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. Durlnft
the Winter Season. - '
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, with admission. 25c: children, We. ■
We rely on rcr pipTi nil
Oculists Pb^cßJption
Jo rui\ our Spectacle Factory*
Bring us Yours.
Opticians , kop^ k gency .
642 Market St.
CRONICLE BUILDING-!
"' WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
.. -■ ■■ - — —
iKSIERCES
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SGRIPTION
I R WEAK WOMEN.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a ■ powerful aphrodlsine and •perlflo tools
for the sexual - and urinary organs -of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th*
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on it» »»a
Merita: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent..
123 Market street. 8. (Send for Circular.^
Weekly Ga11,51.50 per Year
56
CASH PRIZES
SHOT FOR BY
MANY RIFLEMEN
Lively Contests On at
Shell Mound.
GERMANIA'S RE-ENTRY EVENT
A VALUABLE DIAMOND MEDAL
IS UP FOR COMPETITION.
Over acDozen Marksmen Running a
Spirited Bace for This Fine
Prize — Columbia's
Scores.
Nearly every rifleman In this section of
the country was at the Shell Mound
range yesterday, and the greatest inter
est was manifested in the shooting. The
day was unusualy fine, wind and light
being better than common. A great deal
of Interest is centered in the- re-entry
matches of the Germania Schuetzen
Club. Cash prizes, running from $100
down to $10, have been contested for dur
ing the year, and as the end draws near
the competition becomes keener. The
conditions of this match are three shots j
to a ticket, the best ten score taking the
money. EveVy red flag for a center wins
for the marksman his entrance money, 25
cents. The high men in the match and
their totals on ten scores are as follows: ;
J. Utschig 72*. A. Strecker 71S, D. W. Mc-
Laughlin 716, F. P. Schuster 712, D. B. Faktor
708, A. Jun&blut 694, N. Ahrens 6RS. L. Bendel
669, H. Huber 665, F. E. Mason 665, L. Haake i
6.M, B. Goetze 647, H. Strelling 647, YV. Goetze j
625.
In addition this club gives a $75 dia
mond medal to the rifleman making the
highest five ten-shot scores, German ring
target count. He must, however, be the
winner of one of the cash prizes mention
ed, in order to get this prize. The con
test will close on. the last Sunday in De
cember. In the event of ties the next best
tickets will determine the winner.
Considerable interest was centered yes
terday in the bullseye matches of the
San Fra.nci.sco Sohuetzen Club and the
Germanias, where the cash prizes were
liberal. The scores of the several or
ganizations were as follows:
Red Men's Schuetzen Club monthly medal
contest, twenty shots, German ring target
crunt: Champion class — John Tledemann 396
rings . First class — E. Schierbaum 402. Second
class— William Pressler 375. Third class— a.
Ileuer 357. Fourth class— Captain H. Grieb 312.
Best first shot— G. Heuer, 22. Best last shot—
B. Zompni. 24.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club monthly class
nipilal shoot, twenty shots. German ring target:
Champion class— F. P. Schuster 4."3 rings. First
class- ily Htrelllng 410. Second class— J. Lanke
nau 382. Third class— Not filled. Fourth class
-Hirmari Munster 314. Host first shot— J. Gef
kln, 25. Best last shot— William Mosken, 24.
San Francisco Scjkuetxea Vereln monthly
class medal shoot, twenty shots, machine
measurement of centers: 1. .Tnhn Lankenau, 453
2, J. C. Waller, 462; 3, L. Bendel, 52";
4, E. H Goetze, 545; 5, J. Tledemann, 549; 6,
L. N. Rltzau, 560; 7. J. rtschig. 574; S, J. M.
Hartmann, 58S; 9, R. Finking, 614; 10, L.
Haake, C 24; 11. A. Bertelsen, fi.l2; 12. Ous
SVhulz. 652; 13. O. SalflelJ, 720; 14. 1). B. Fak
tor, 73:.; US, O. Burmelst- r, 757; 16. Philo Ja
eoby, 764: 17, J'^hn Gefken. 926: 15. W. C. Mor
ken. 976; 19, F. Koch, 1022; 20, Fred Brandt,
1127.
c.rrnar.ia Pchuetzen Club monthly bullseye
•1 for cash prizes, twenty shots, machine
measurement of centers: 1, H. Zecker, 279
points; 2, L. Haake, 419; 3, N. Ahrens, 473;
4. F. P. Schuster. 517; f., J. Utschlff. 570; 6. L.
Rltzau. MS; 7, W. M-rken. 723; ?, D. B. Fak
52; 9, E. Goetze. 832; 10. H. Stelling, 863;
11 J. Hartmann, 1<122; 12. L. Bendel, 1043: 13,
K. Stettin, 1046; 14, F. Rust. 1046; 15, J. Beut
tler. 1211: 16. John DeWlt. 1223.
mbla Pistol and Rifle Club re-entry
matches, t>>n shot scores, Columbia target.
Rifle, all-comers' rifle medal— Dr. L. O. Rod
gers, 45, 45: D. W. McLaughltn, 53; F. E. Ma
son, r>4. Members' rifle medal— J. E. Gorman,
46; M. J. White. 74.
Pistol, 60 yards, Siebe pistol medal— J. E.
Gorman. 35. 35. 40, 37. 42, 44; J. P. Cosgrave,
47. K. 57, 57; G. M. Barley. 73.
Colt's Blsley revolver trnphy — C. Roberts, 70.
Pmall rifle. 50 yar«ls. rlub medal and Roos
trophy for ladies— Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 27, 33;
Mrs. Turner. 46. 51.
HEARST VALUED
HIS SILENCE
AT $30,000
Continued from First Page.
the Southern Pacific Company owes
Hearst a balance of $8000 on that con
tract. Let him bring suit for that
amount. If the statute of limitations
has run. The Call will agree to pay any
Judgment Hearst gets against the
Southern Pacific Company if that com
pany win waive the statute. The issue
can be joined and the matter deter
mined in ten days. Let Mr. Hearst
cease chewing soap and ghost dancing
and sue on his contract, and let a court
construe the clause, "and all in accord
ance with an agreement entered Into
between the Examiner management
and C. F. Crocker, A. N. Towne and
William H. Mills, on behalf of the
Southern Pacific Company."
If Mr. Hearst is tender of his honor
this Is the way to vindicate It. He can
never do it by throwing stinkpots and
Inviting somebody to arrest him as a
nuisance.
When he gets through •with his Ju
dicial enforcement of his demand
against the Southern Pacific Comjpany
fo* the balance due on this blackmail
agreement, we will invite him to explain
the Examiner's connection with the
looting of the Pacific Bank, whereby
thirteen thousand denosltors In the
People's Savings Bank were robbed of
their money.
fIOISY DEMONSTRATION
OF HAVANA OFFICIALS
They jinter the City Hall, a Clamor
ous Mob, and Demand Back
Salaries.
HAVANA, Oct. 23.— Another demon
stration of the displeasure of the city
officials at ..»e non-payment of arrears of
salary took place yesterday, when about
200 entered the City Hall, a clamorous
mob, and demanded payment.
The regular guard being unable to dis
perse the orowd, and fearing to take
drastic measures, the civil Governor was
advised of the situation. He appeared on
the scene, addressed the crowd and or
dered immediate dispersal under a threat
of loss of positions In the municipal ser
vice. His energetic stand had the de
sired effect, but unless back salaries are
paid there will be more serious trouble.
♦
FOUL PLAY SUSPECTED.
Fears for the Fate of a Young Santa
Clara Rancher.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Ben Wandell, son
of Jake Wandell, who owns a ranch two
miles beyond Mount Hamilton, Is be
lieved to have been murdered. His father
left him on the place last Wednesday, and
when he returned Saturday afternoon the
young man was gone, and though a ani
gent search has been made no trace or
him has been discovered. On the floor of
the one room of the house a pool of blood
was found. A pane out of the window
had been broken and there was a bullet
hole through the door. The young man
had no enemies as far as is known and
bore a good reputation.
TERRIFIC GALE ON THE
NEW ENGLAND COAST
Three Barges and a Schooner Lost,
Tog-ether With a Number
of Lives.
LONDON, Conn., Oct. 23.— During a
heevy gnle this morning the tug Thomas
J. Scully lost the barges Admiral Camara,
V. yandotte and Atlantic, four miles west
of" Cornfield, by the tug's hawser part- j
ing. Soon after the Admiral sprang a
leak and collided with the second barge.
The men on the Admiral were lost, but |
the crew of the Scully, by means of a :
line, rescued seven men. two women and
ii baby frum the other barges. The res
cued were taken aboard the tug and the
woman with the baby was dragged
through the heavy sea apparently little
the worse for her experience.
About 9 o'clock this morning an un
known schooner off shore was wrecked in
the gale and those aboard drowned. The ,
accident w:is witnessed by several per- j
sons at Goshen, but up to to-night there j
had been no wreckage washed ashore |
that would give any clew to the iden- j
tity of the schooner. The craft was a ;
good-sized one.
CHIPPEWAS LOYAL
TO THE GOVERNMENT
Unique Assurance Received at the
Indian Bureau From a Law-
Abiding Band.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The following
unique assurance of loyalty to the Gov
ernment has been received at the Indian
Bureau from the Grand Marias band of
Chippewas of Minnesota:
The Great Father: The Grand Marais band
of Chlppewa Indians of Minnesota are in coun
cil this evening, October 15, 1898. We wish to
say to you that our forefathers for many gen
erations have lived here in the eastern part of
the State of Minnesota, when there were a
great many Indiana, and we have never heard
of them committing any wrong against any
white man or the Government up to this time.
The reason we say this to you Is that we hear
of those foolish Indians at Bear Island. Leech
Lake of the wrongdoing and the mistake they
have made in fighting the Government. And
we also hear of what Chief Bug-Ah-Mah-Ge-
Shig said when, holding up his right hand to
heaven, he declared that all the Chippewas of
Minnesota were backing him. When we heard
of this remark that he had made we did nnt
like It. We are n<>w living in peace and hope
that we will continue to live so. We are Chris
tians and live up to the rules of our church.
The Bible tells us In the fifth commandment:
"Thou shalt not kill," and how could we wrong
our neighbors?
We say now, as Indians living in the eaet
of Minnesota, that we don't approve of what
the Bear Island Indians are doing and do not
propose to help them or encourage them.
On behalf of the council.^ CARinoo
J' iIIN M< MiIUSON,
JOHN FROTST.
NINE MEN PERISHED
IN TURN-AGAIN ARM
Confirmation of the Reported Loss
of a Small Sloop — Names of
the Victims.
SEATTLE. Oct. 23.— The schooner "Wood
bury arrived in port to-night from Cooks
Inlet. Passengers aboard confirm the re
ported loss the latter part of September
of a small sloop in Turn-Again Arm, a
northern branch of the inlet. One of the
returning passengers Is F. M. Stone of
1-lollister, 0u.1., who gives the names of
the nine men who lost their lives on the
wrecked sloop as follows: M. "Walcott
and Oliver Walcott, New York; Frank L.
Robinson, Santa Cruz. Cal. ; Kit Carson
Payne, Portland, Or. ; A. M. Adams, Belle
vue, Pa.; Louts F. Zimmer, Pittsburg, Pa.;
J. M. Bonner, Hope Church, Pa.; Mr.
Scott, Scottsburg, 111., and Chris Johnson,
owner of the sloop.
SERIOUS TROUBLE IS
BREWING AMONG REDSKINS
Now That Uncle Sam No Longer
Feeds Them They Help Them
selves to Cattle.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23.— A special to the
Republic from Perry, O. T., sayß: Serious
trouble is brewing among the Comanche,
Kiowa and Apache Indians. For thirty
years, since the Medicine Lodge treaty,
the Government has fed these Indians,
but that treaty expired July 1. They
have commenced killing cattle belonging
to Texas cattlemen and a crisis Is near.
These Indians have no crops, few cattle
and have had no money for months. Men
who know predict great starvation among
them this winter and serious trouble.
There are 1500 Comanches, 1300 Kiowas
and 600 Apaches.
JUMPS THE TRACK AND
KILLS THE ENGINEER
Bailroad Accident on the Santa Bar-
bara Branch of the South
ern Pacific.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The engine of
the eastbound train on the Santa Bar
bara branch of the Southern Pacific ran
off the track near Comulos Station this
evening. Engineer Davis was caught un
der the cab and crushed to death. The
fireman on the engine was seriously but
not fatally injured. The engine was a
new one and was not running smoothly,
but it is not definitely known what
caused it to jump the rails. Engineer
Davis was a resident of this city and a
brother of Policeman Davis. No one else
was injured on the train, but all the pas
sengers were badly shaken up.
BALL FROM PORTO RICO.
Third Wisconsin and Many Sick Men
Homeward Bound.
■WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Two dis
patches were received at the War Depart
ment to-day from General Brooke. One,
dated Ponce, says: "The Relief sailed
from Ponce yesterday with 246 patients."
The other from San Juan follows: "Man
itoba sailed from Ponce this morning with
the Third Wisconsin, thirty-six officers
and 764 men, sixty discharged soldiers and
thirty passengers."
SUICIDE AT SAN JOSE.
Thomas J. Lemon, a Carriage Painter,
Shoots Himself.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Thomas J. Lemon,
a carriage pointer aged 36 years, commit
ted suicide this forenoon at the residence
of his sister, by shooting himself through
the brain with a revolver. Despondency
over illness was the cause of the act.
John Dialogue, Ship Builder, Dead.
CAMDEN, N. J., Oct. 23.— John Dia
logue, 68 years old, senior member of the
shipbuilding firm of John H. Dialogue &
Sons, died this afternoon of heart fail
ure.
Alabama Negro Lynched.
LAFAYETTE. Ala., Oct. 23.-^John An
derson, colored, charged with the mur
der of Charles Holmes, a well-known
white farmer, was lynched here to-day
by a mob.
YESTERDAY AT THE PARK.
City's Resorts Thronged With Pleas
ure-Seekers — Sport at
Sutro's Baths.
No accident or incident worthy of men
tion occurred at the city's pleasure re
sorts yesterday, notwithstanding: the
vastness of the crowds that congregated
for a day's enjoyment. The park, as
usual, was thronged, and out at the Cllft,
Sutro's Baths and the Chutes thousands
of people gathered to pass the Sabbath.
The musical programme at the park
was the feature, and the patrons of the
Cliff House were entertained In a like
manner. Lillian F. Smith, champion
woman rifle shot of the world, and Kelly
and Vlolette are among the recent ar
rivals at the Chutes. Their entertaln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
ments add materially to the vaudeville
performance and it is expected that they
will remain at the Chutes for several
Admirers of aquatic sports by-the.hun
dreds witnessed the contests at the batns.
Many of the contests were exciting^rra«
thosl of the youngsters were exceedingly
amusing. Following are^ the results
Fifty-yard dash for Juventles-R. for
first. B. Berry second; IM-yards das dead
Juvenlles-E. Bonlfleld and H. Hay, dead
heat; obstacle race for B -"L iJ e ' in *
first, A. Best second; trick ■J» d fl _fancy
spring board dlving-A. J. Baker first. U.
Lacoste second; ■ seven ty-nve->ard . tun
race, two in a tub— A. Hay and C. car
roll first, W. Hay and J. Begins second;
trapeze and high diving contest-*. Kay
mous first, F. Green second.
ADMITS IT WAS A "PEACH."
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.-When John Welch,
accompanied by his wife, left Moyne. a
little town near Rockford, 111., last-Thurs
day night, a gay throng of « er » dß . b^
him adieu at the depot and wished h m
success in his new home out in the Wlia
and Woolly West. ' • _
At noon to-day Welch awoke at the Ke
ceiving Hospital here. He had to be
strapped down in his seat on the delayed
overland train that arrived at thebix
teenth-street station shortly before Lj
o'clock last night, and was taken to the
hospital for insanity. When he awoke
to-day he hurled questions at Keeper
Keating as these: "Where am I? How
d'd I tret here " "Is this still Weanes
day?" g ' What time is it?" "Where^ my
wife?" "Gone to what hotel? How s
that?" And then, turning over his con
science probably pricking him, he ad
mit tingly said: "Oh, but I must have had
a peach of a skate on." A sort of semi
continental jag," as it were, for the over
indulgence of variously-concocted BPlrltu
ous liquors extended from oH Illinois,
through lowa, Nebraska, Colorado. Utah
and Nevada to Oakland At Co»f ra^?
oW^tK CC e h irTa?e ce ss d t ffiSst?«.'fi-
examined to D .n
«?anitv at 7 o'clock to-night by
Blood and Pratt, but the matter was
postponed until to-morrow the examiners
intimating \ that by that time he might
SSsßs£Sa
San Francisco, where he expects to reside
permanently. _^^^____
Good Roads Parade Prizes.
The prize committee of the good roads
parade, which the wheelmen will hold
Saturday night to celebrate the repaying
of Market street, met yesterday after
noon. The following has been deter
mined upon as the manner in which
prizes shall be allotted:
Wheelmen-First, city club, largest num
ber in parade; second, city club. best ap
pearance in uniform; third club making
best display, open to all; f ° ur^' ou t _ f
town clubs largest number In line, nrtn,
out of towA clubs making best appearance
"indivi'duai wheelmen— First, best decorated
wheel with rider in fancy costume; "cond.
lady making best appearance In .
third, best decorated tandem with lady
and gentleman rider In fancy costume,
fourth, rider on ••ordinary" bicycle mak-
prlee. lady or gentle
man on horseback making best appearance;
second, vaquero, best appearance; fancy
First? single trap or team, dec
orations to count; second, trap, more than
two horses, decorations to count; third,
driver of truck (except brewer) making
best display, decorations of team and man
ner of merchandise arrangement to count;
fourth, driver most tastefully decorated de
livery wagon (retail business houses);
fifth, driver for brewers, most tastefully
decorated truck and team.
In the Handball Arena.
It was lively play while it lasted at Phil
Ryan's handball court, SSB Howard street,
yesterday afternoon. Some of the old
players dropped in to keep their hands
in practice for future champions of the
younger class, who may aspire for honors.
The following are the scores:
D J. Rheehan and X. J. Prendergast de
feated K. McPonough and L. Waterman. Score:
I 21-17, 14-21, 21-13.
P Foley and J. Casey defeated M. Fogarty
and P. Herrin. Score: 2M4, 21-12, 21-15.
N Berger and L. Hlnze defeated J. Murrane
and E. Lynch. Score: 21-13, 18-21. 21-16.
S V Costello and W. H. KedJan defeated
Dr. W. H. Steberst and M .Basch. Score: 21-19.
T ' Leach and T. Lydon defeated J. Condon
and M. Berwin. Score: 21-12, 21-16, 21-H.
I J Lawless and D. Regan defeated M. Ma
1 quire and E. Barry. Score: 21-17, 19-21, 21-IS.
E Barry and D. Regan defeated J. Mc-
Carthy and R. Housman. Bcore: 21-16, 14-21.
''I -19
i* A triple handicap game— C. Quinn defeated
! A Wittman and A. Serres. Score: 21-13. 21-17.
M J Kilgallon and A. Hampton defeated
J. Riordan and .1. Harlow. Score: 21-16. 13-21,
21-IS.
Congregation Ohabai Shalome.
The annual meeting of the Congregation
Ohabai Shalome was held yesterday In
the vestry rooms of the temple, an un
usually large attendance being present.
The president. Joseph Schmidt, read
his report, which was ratified. He spoke
of the progress of the past year and the
good work done by Rabbi Myers. The
following officers were elected to serve
during the year: President, Joseph
Schmidt: vice president. Philip Stern;
treasurer, R. Reiss; secretary, M. L.
Stern; trustees, Abraham Altmayer, D. fc.
Davis Isaac Frohman, M. Friedman, M.
Kahn. I Neuburger, Joseph Rosenthal;
rabbi, Rev. Isadore Myers; cantor, D.
Meyerson; sexton, S. H. Selling.
Charged With Larceny.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Con
lan's court Saturday for the arrest of
George Ryan on a charge of grand lar
ceny. The complaining witness is B. F.
Sternheim of the firm of \\ angenheim,
Sternheim & Co., 27 Sutter street. Ryan
was employed in the packing department
and it is alleged that he has been system
atically stealing from the firm. The par
ticular charge against him is the stealing
of forty-three and a half dozen knives,
valued at $325, on or about October 1.
St. Alban's Guild.
St. Alban's Episcopal Guild will give a
grand musicale at Golden Gate Hall, on
Sutter street, Saturday evening, October
29, to conclude with dancing. The execu
tive committee Is composed of Mrs. H. V.
Ransdell, Mrs. Douglass, Mrs. W. F.
Mulhner, Miss Lillie Trueworthy, Miss E.
Stuart, William G. Badger, George W.
Caswell, Leland Ransdell and Charles A.
Seley.
Tie Game.
A very interesting game of ball was
played at Recreation Park yesterday
morning between the Gamossl Kids and
Altos of the American League. The game
was called at the end of the sixth In
ning, owing to the late hour at which It
was commenced., the score standing
6 to 5.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Bwlmming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwaterdlrect from ocean.
A COSMOPOLITAN CITY.
"The cosmopolitan character of Mexico
City was never so forcibly Impressed
upon my mind as it was to-night," said
a commercial traveler at the Grand Ho
tel la6t night. "I. went into the res
taurant of th's- hotel to take my dinner
and In the two or three dozen people
that were sitting about the tables I no
ticed that nearly every one of them rep
resented a different nationality. It was
an easy matter to pick out the citizens
of different countries. I noticed an Eng
lishman, Frenchmen, Germans, Ameri
cans, Mexicans and Spaniards while we
were waited on at our table by a negro.
This makes about seven distinct nation
alities, the largest I have ever seen
thrown together in on© dining-room. I
have often noticed the number of for
eigners who are coming to Mexico, and
I nave no doubt that a walk down San
Francisco street will result In one see
ing more nations represented than In a
walk the same distance in any other city
in the world."
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 23.
Schr Herman, Kalkman, 15 days from Kodlak;
stmr Pomona, Parsons, from Eureka.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Belyen
land, from Southampton; La Normandle, from
Havre.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 2»— Stmr South
wark, from New Tork.
HAVRE— Arrived Oot 28— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New Tork.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oet 28— Stmr EJtru
rla, from Liverpool for Ntw York.
THE DAKLANDS
EASILY DEFEAT
THE FLORISTS
Good Game Witnessed
by Hundreds.
O'NEIL AND RUSSELL SHINE
THEY BOTH DO MOST BRILLIANT
WORK.
How the Great National Game Fared
at the Hands of the Playesr in
at the Hands of the Players in
Cities.
By Joe Corbett.
An immense crowd, almost the equal of
that which turned out to see the Gilt
Edges play on Sunday last, assembled at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon, and
saw tho Oaklands defeat the "Florists"
of San Jose by the score of 6 to 1.
They also, necessarily, saw one of the
best games the Oaklands ever played, and
this, by the way, is a something not seen
every day. The fans were, therefore,
given an unusual treat, and outside of
this, Tip O'Nell, that erstwhile and reli
able, gave them an illustration of how he
can play the national game when things
come his way and the fates are generous.
It was a great day for the Oaklands and
It was also a great day for the only Tip.
The team played most steadily; Tip,
well, he jvas the bright, particular star
of his own side and the game. Pickups and
assisting in double plays were his speci
alty, and the neatness with which he exe
cuted those plays is deserving of great
commendation. If I had the space I
should speak more glowingly of his beau
tiful work, but there are other times,
rest assured.
The Oaklands won the game through
Russell's great pitching and steady play-
Ing by his cohorts, which at times bor
dered on the magnificent.
They found Pitcher Thomas quite easy
at the proper time, and batted him ac
cordingly, sending in enough runs to win.
The "Florists" had many opportunities
to score, having two men on bases with
no one out at three different times, but
Foor playing at bat lost them runs, and
felt at one stage, the game. It turned
out, however, that Russell was entirely
too steady, and when hits meant runs he
could not be found.
All told it was an interesting contest
well deserving of the large patronage.
The San Joses developed a weakness at
the bat that will bear investigation. The
score follows:
BAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
MoGucken, 1. f 4 10 0 4 0 1
Payne, 1 b 4 0 2 19 0 0
Hanlon, r. f 1 0 0 0 1 0 1
Egan, s. a 3 0 0 0 3 5 2
Rellly, 2 b 4 0 10 13 0
Foley, c. f 2 0 2 0 0 0 0
Brockhoff, 8 b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Thomas, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Steffanl, p 2 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 81 1 5 1 24 13 4
OAKLAND.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 6 110 2 0 0
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 2 18 2 1
Hardle, r. f 6 0 0 0 3 0 0
ONetl, 2 b 4 0 10 16 1
Lange. 3 b J 1 1 0 1 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 12 0 5 2 0
Bliss 1 b 4 12 0 5 0 1
Mnsklman, 1. f 4 110 10 1
Russell, p 3 0 1 0 JO J. _0
Totals 36 5 11 1 26 11 4
RUN'S BT INNINGS.
San Jose 1 00000000—1
Base htta 2 0001010 I—s
Oakland 1 2 0 0 10 0 1 •- 5
Bass hIU 2 4 0 0 2 10 2 *-ll
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Lange. Two-base hits—
O'Netl, Sullivan, Pyne. Schmeer. Base on er
rors—San Jose 4. Oakland 2. Bases an balls— >
Ban Jose S, Oakland 2. Left on basea— San Jose j
7 Oakland 6. Struck out— By Kuskpll 4, by
Thomas 2. Hit by pitcher— McGucken, Rus
sell. Double plays— Schmeer, O'Neil to Schmeer
to Bloas. Time of game— l:4s. Umpire—O'Con
nell.
A Game for Gilt Edges.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 23.— Gilt
Edges won from the Athletics to-day by I
a score of 6 to 2 in one of the slowest and
most tedious games ever played hero by
league teams. Except for Shanahan's
good work in the field there was no re
deeming feature. The crowd took excep
tion to the rulings of Umpire Hughey
Smith and made life miserable for him.
Smith erred on one decision in the first i
inning, by which a score was tallied for ;
the Athletics, and the crowd never forgot |
nor forgave. Toward the end of the game j
he became somewhat erratic owing to the .
insultß cast at him. After the game and !
while coming downtown on a street car |
he was obliged to demand protection from
the crowd at the hands of the police.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. 2b .8 112 2 4 3
Peeplea, 3b 4 0 10 0 10
Doyle, r. f 5 0 10 10 0
Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 2 0 13 2 \,
Stanley, c 5 0 3 0500 ,
Lockhead, 8. 8 6 0 2 0 1 8 0|
Walker. 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0;
Harvey, p 4 10 0 10 01
Shanahan, c. t 3 JJ J _1 ■ J J» _?
Totals.... 37 5 11 8 27 10 .4
ATHLETIC.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f........ 6 110 2 0 0
Hanley, 2b 8 0 0 0 0 2 1
Meaner, c. f 4 0 0 12 0 0
Stulz. a. s 4 10 0 12 1
HUderbrand. r. t 4 0 10 10 0
Johnston, lb 3 0 0 0 10 0 0
McLaughlln. 3b 3 0 0 12 0 1
Scott, c 2 0 10 8 11!
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 Jl
Totals 32 2 3 2 27 6 111
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 10 18 0 0 0- J
-Base hits 1 10 8 2 3 10 1-11,
Athletic ..........* 2 0. 0000000-2,
Base hits 2 10000000-3;
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 4. Three- I :
base hit— Shanahan. Two-base hit— Hutchinson. |
Sacrifice Peeplea. Walker, Lockhead. j
First base on errors— Sacramento 4, Athletic 4.
First base on balls— Off Harvey 3. off Fltzpat- I
rick 3. Left on bases— Sacramento 11, Athletic
8. Struck out— By Harvey 6, by Fitzpatrick 5.
Hit by pitched ball— Scott, McHale. Double
plays— Hutchinson to Lockhead. Passed ball-
Scott. Time of game— l:so. Umpire— Hugh
Smith. Scorer— A. Griffin. .
Stockton Was Whitewashed.
STOCKTON, Oct. 23.— A costly error by
Pace In the first inning and another by
Billings In the seventh is a partial ex
planation of Stockton's defeat by the San
Francisco Athletics. The score was:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Krug. ». b 5 12 0 0 4 1
Murphy, lb 4 1 0 1 16 0 0
Hammond, c 5 2 10 6 4 0
Dunleavy, c. f. ft 2b. 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
Croll. 1. t 4 2 2 0 0 0 0
Stroeeker. r. f 4 1 3 1 0 1 0
Bennett, 3b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Iberg, p 8 0 10 110
Goldsworthy, 2b 2 0 0 0 8 0 0
Morrow, 0. t 2 0 0 0 0 t 0
Totals 37 ~8 9 I 27 14 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, lb 4 0 110 0 0
Knell, p 8 0 10 0 0 0
N. Smith. 2b S 0 0 0 0 0 0
Pace, c 8 0 0 0 9 10
Billings, b. s 4 0 10 2 11
Gaumix. lb 8 0 10 8 0 1
Mueller, 1. 1 3 0 10 2 0 0
Rice, o. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Harper, r. t 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Totals 29 0 7 1 24 2 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 4 0 0 0 0 4 0 •— 8
Base hits 3 110 10 2 1 •— 9
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 1 2 10 0 0 11 I—7
Santa Cruz Won.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 23.— Porter's
Park was densely packed to-day, to wit
ness the league game of baseball be
tween Santa Cruz and "Watsonville.
Fully 3000 people were in attendance.
Santa Cruz came over on a special train
and confident of victory, which they
easily won, the score standing 4 to 1.
PACIFIC BEATS PLACER.
Local Team Defeats the Citrus Colony
Cricketers by a Good Margin.
The Placer County Citrus Colony crick
eters played the fifth match of their tour,
and their second match against a San
Francisco team, yesterday on the Golden
Gate grounds. On Saturday they played
at Alameda against the Alameda eleven,
and yesterday they tried conclusions with
the Pacific team. The Pacifies went to
the bat first, and thanks largely to the
excellent batting of J. Meyers, who scored
6 funs, compiled a total of 164. To this
total J. McLean contributed 18; J. J.
Theobald, 17; T. W. G. Wallace, 14; G. T.
Coles, 11 not out, and C. P. Coles. 10. C.
K. Turner and "W. B. Paul bowled most
successfully for the visitors.
The Placer County batsmen did not
make much of a stand against the Pacific
bowlers. Sewell's underhand balls proving
particularly fatal to them. C. K. Turner,
17, and W. B. Paul, 10, were the only bats
men who obtained double figures. The
innings closed for SS, Sewell having taken
8 wickets in 80 balls for 44 runs. C. P.
Coles captured the other two wickets at
a cost of 10 runs. The match was thus
won by the Pacifies by 106 runs. The full
score is appended:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J Meyers b. Paul 76
J. McLean retire*: hurt 18
G. Theobald b. Paul 5
C. P. Coles b. Paul 10
F. Sewell b. Butt 0
E. F. Musson b. Turner 0
J. J. Theobald b. Paul 17
T. W. G. Wallace c. Marsh-Browne b. Tur-
ner 14
G. T. Coles- not out 11
W. McDonald run out 0
H. P. G. Gordon b. Turner 0
Byes 11, leg byes 2 13
Total 164
Buns at the fall of each wicket— l for 48,
2 for 60. 3 for 93, 4 for 109, 5 for 110. 6 for 130.
7 for 139, 8 for 155. 9 for 159, 10 for 164.
* SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— Balls. Maid's. Runs. Wk't».
C. K. Turner 102 2 62 S
W. B. Paul 10S 2 B9 4
H. A. Butt 54 1 23 l
C. Slmmonds 42 3 17 0
PLACER COUNTY CITRUS COLONY CRICK
ET CLUB.
C. Slmmonds c. and b. Sewell o
H. A. Butt c. Gordon b. Sewell 7
C. K. Turner 1. b. w. b. Sewell 17
R. Marsh-Browne b. Sewell 7
W. Petherlck b. Coles 3
W. B. Paul c. and b. Pewell 10
P. E. Colmon st. G. Theobald b. Sewell.... 8
J. J. Harding b. C. P. Coles 1
A. T. Chute c. and b. Sewell 0
H. S. Turner Ft. G. Theobajd b. Sewell 0
F. E. Pakenham not out 1
Byes 3, leg byes 1 4
Total 58
Runs at the fall of each wicket— l for 0, 2
for 15, 3 for 24, 4 for 35, 5 for 37, 6 for 47, 7 for
66, 8 for 57, 9 for 67, 10 for 58.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balls. Maid's. Runs. W'k'ts.
F. Sewell 80 1 44 8
C. P. Coles 78 7 10 2
The visitors play the last match of their tour
to-day on the Alameda grounds against a San
Jose eleven, which will probably consist of the
following: Ainsworth, Knowjes. Beazley, Mayo,
Day, Bowley, Milbum, Howell, Besant, Cook
son and Wilson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
: It's Just:
♦ ® — r- +
f/VllQ Ours, as you know, 4-
4- lllib j stne biggest furniture 4-
tit xr store in San Francisco. "♦"
+ VY dj • Floor upon floor de- +
4- voted to all kinds of
+ house furnishings. The _,
£ ideal place for sugges-
T tions as to what would +
+. make the home com- +
4. A separate j fortable and attractive, +
+ building And, above all, the -♦■
4- devoted to [ store for economical 4-
•♦• Carpets, buying. We lay par-
+. Rugs and ticular stress on our >^.
"*" Curtains. low prices. ■ 4.
4-. ® — +
t INDIANAPOLIS^
t FURNITURE X
: co. :
4- vvi +
♦■ 750 Mission St. ♦
4- • -*-
O 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- ©
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
— VJU»m^. e cure weakness
jg^^ „ 11 an^ diseases of Men,
EM&pij Blood ' Poison and
■eSSCc X$P contracted ailmpnts,
65^^-/3* £*3T Quickly and permaji*
ffi3!s& "^jjjSjSWiffj&Mrv tlce and best equip-
fejy||y ,MHJLEstabli3hed 17 Tear a
offlce or fc y mall - a1"a 1 "
mß^, — yaß^Sa^Ly letters sacredly eon-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St.. 6. F.
Use f^k and
Facial Soap E[*/ Facial Cream.
WOODBURY' Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial .and Tooth Powder make the grandest
toilet combination known for the | skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, sufficient for three
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 W 42d
St.. N. Y.. 163 State it.. Chicago.
MPR VITA Kmoret vi ™-rnr
ivcnv I 1 LOST vigor.
jdHpgF — AND MANHOOD
W&g!** jt Cure* Impofency Night Emissions and wasting
WS3j2? fi diseases, all effecti of self-«buse, or excess and
jr-iiD indiscretion. A ner»e<<onic and blood-builder.
s|i *ggr Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
B| W^\,,J stores the lire of youth. ' By mail 500 per
RA^**^^boii 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jrjljt^gf^guarantee to cure or refund the money. .
■Wrviu medical cc, CHntan * Sacftten its., Crjieags.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave.,San Francisco.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete ' absorption and
healthful regularity.
- For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, ; Female '■ Ir-
regularities. Sick - Headache, Biliousness, ' Con-
stipation, ■ Piles ; : and < all derangements of the
internal Viscera. IS eta. a box. At Druggist*.
3r , by, mall. RADWAX & CO.. New. York.
V ADVERTISEMENTS. __^____J3
©@®©@®@®©®@®®©©©©©©@@©©©|
© " ' j "The Lion's Share" t W
©1 of China may be held down by England, but #
$ the Lion's shai:e of the sale of chewing tobacco
5 is^ held by «v-:. > @i
I ~ Rajye&fe I
© PEaUG @
If " The quality of Battle Ax is not questioned. If ||
m you chew tobacco you cannot buy a better, A
S more satisfying and economical chewing tobacco @
® than Battle Ax. You can prove this for yourself ©
© if you will buy the large JO-cent piece and try it. ||
g There's a wonderful difference in quality as well g
H as in quantity over common kinds. Try it to-day. Z
© Remember the name #
1 ; 1 v when you buy again. I
KArLROAD TRAVEL.
fOVTHRRIT I'AfJfflt' COHPANT.
(PACIFIO m'ltlKH.)
Strains leave nml are tine lo arrive aft
NAN HUJIdXIO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Isavk — Fkom Oct. 9, 1898. — abriv!
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *B:4Sa
7:0»a Benicia, Sulsan and Sacramento.... 1O:-43a
7:00a. MarySTiile, OroTiile and Kedding Tla
Woodland o»4ap
7:00 a Rlmira, Vacarille and Ramsey 8:43.9
7s3Oa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
CaiUtoga and Saata Rosa Cil3p
•iOOa Atlantic £zpreas, Ogden and Kast.. Bi*or
■i3Wa Ban Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Marynvillo,
Chico, Tehama and Red H1u1T.... 4il9p
Si3Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. • 7U5p
•Bi3oa Milton «7115p
•:OOa Martin es, Tracy, Lathrop, - Mereed
and Fresno „ l*«lsp
•iOOa Fresno, Uakers!iel<l. Santa lUrbara,
Loa Acgeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East «i4Sr
........ Fresno, Mendots, Tracy and Mar-
tinea * «i43p
1 9:00 k Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:4»p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers »»jOOp
l:OOp Niles. San .Toac and Way Stations ... 1 1 >4 Sa
Ban Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... JUUSA
SsOUr Nilos. Tracy, Mendota. Hanf and
Vi«alia.... 4ilBp
....... LlTermore, flan Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIOjWa
4ioop Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, El Veraiio and
Santaßosa DiISA
««OOp Benicia, VacaTillo, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MaryßTille, Oro-
ville and Sacramento 10:43a
4i3op Hay wards, NUes and San Jose 7:43a
8:00p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mnjsre, Santa Barbara and Lot
Angeles Bi43a
OiOOr Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East «:43p
9i3Op NUpb, San Jose, Tracy. I.athrop,
Merced and Fresno *»
BiSOp Stockton 18:l!Jp
OtOOf Kuronenu Mail, Ogden and K*at.... 9:4r»A
*A:OOt> Vallejo 1»:13»
:7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta.
tfons J»x4a»
8:00 p Oregon Kx|>rt-sa,Saoriiniento, Marys-
Title, n«-<Miiig, Poitland. Puget
. . " - Btmn»l ami Kast Sil»A
KAN LEA.NDUO AM) IIAYWAKDS LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.)
1 Uelroxe, St>iniii*ry I'ark, f
SrOOA Kliehbur*, Klmliurst, M S:!3*
<9iOOa San LciuKiro. South Sa« ,;!:,- a
lo.ooa Lesndro, Extntllllo, i«-£t
m:«OM Lore "°' Cherry * ' tl:4 * e
522; lUjrward... t5:43p
7«O«P { Rang througQ to NUBg , 7143p
J t From Nlleg. L_____
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange). wm
. (Foot of Market Street.)
Bjl3 a Newark, CenterTille,SanJose,Felton, '.
BoulderCreek.Santa Cruz and Way .
.Stations OISOI
•SjlSp Newark, CenterrlUe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations .'.... •lOiSOa
4ilBr Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20a
ft li4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jote and
Way Stations ?7:gQf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRIKCISCO— root of Market Strett (Slip 8)—
•7:IS 9:00 11:00a.m. " :0 ° ♦3:03 13:03
*i:CO tS:3O *6:00r.M.
From OiSLiHD— Foet of Broadway. — «6:00 8-00 10:00*.m.
. t!2|PO «I:QQ ■■ t2:QO *3;CQ t«:Q3 ■ "8:00 p.m.
, i CO ANT DIVISION (Broad Uauie). ~"
(Third and Townsend Sti.)
7iOOa Ban JoKe ami Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) liBOp
•iOOa Han .lost), 'l'res Vinos, S.-ujU Crux.
Pacilic drove, l'aso Rubles, San
Luis ()1,1 81 «>. Guaclalnpe, Surf and
I Principal Way Stations 4:10f
IOt4O« Sail Jose and Way Stations . .. # 8:00a
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations S:a5A
; «Jii4sr San Alateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lone,
Gllroy, Hollister, Haiita Cruz,
Salinaa, Monterey and Pacilio
(iro»e *I0:30a
•8:3Op San Jose and Way Stations »D:OOa
•4>lSi- San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9-.45a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations o:a3 a
S:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Statious 5:30»
o::iOpSan Jo^aml Way 5tati0n5. ........ 7:30*
flli4.">i- San Jose ami Way Stations 7:301
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaalito Ferry.
FROM SAN Fia.\tibt(J TO MILL. VALL.KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:«,
8:46 6:15, tM, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *10:00, »ll:S0 a. m.; I'M.
! 1:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
I •12:20. 2:20, *3: 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, *10:00, »11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. •3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, . 9:40 a. m.;
13:36, 2:45, 8:60, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. -.,„.«.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. X:», 1:20,
' " P ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m.week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan. Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ata's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
• (Via Sausalito Ferry.) ;•'
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1898: • •
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:46 p. m. :•:'... ,•■■-"..
' Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 81.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 821 Market
■trtet. Ban Francisco, ■..:'„
HATLJIOAD TBAVEIt.
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttfearon Vmrn, Fc«» «X Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
8:20, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:10.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6.IO, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ai
1:56 and 6:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ..
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
| October 18. ■
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. 1 days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
2:30 pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22pm
I Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm - 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am < B :4oam
and
5:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am j 10:25 am
3:3opm 5:00 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland f6r Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,'
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr"9
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*.
H. C WHITIN G, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time*
L*are San Francleco.s:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
'-' "iV" able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTARLR
It' You Travel on the Santa Fa.
SAH ■pCISCOTIKETImCE-rIZI MARKET ST.
'Xi'Ci TELEPHONE MAIN ISO.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ■
Sacramento Offioe — 201 J Street.
San Jose Offioe — 7 "West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, IS9B. trains will run aa follows;
South-bound. North-bound. |
Paesen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday . Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:oopm
11:10am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50pm s:l3pn»
12:4upm 4:1", Fresno 9:30 am 3:45pm
1:88pm I 6:45pm Hanford 7:45am 2:4opm
4:25 11:69 pm Bakersfield 2:30 am 12:10 pm
l:SBpm 7:6opm Visalla 6:40 amj 2:20 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. - m daily
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. ail
daily. . - • j.
For stage connections see official time table
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY:
rrHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■*- Specialist cur« Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms nimble. Hour»9
to 3 dally; 6:3o to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
tatioa free and sacredly confidential Call.oraddreaa
»P. P. ROSCOE McSCLTT,
80% Kearny St., Ban Francisco. CaLPHILADELPHIA'S
PEACE JUBILEE
Opens With Prayer and
Songr.
ALL THE CHURCHES IN LINE
PBELTTDE TO THREE DAYS OF
FESTIVITY.
Quaker City Beautifully Decorated
and an Elaborate Programme
Arrang-ed for the Joyous
Occasion,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 23.— The
peace jubilee be~an to-day. It fittingly
opened with special services of prayer
and thanksgiving in all the churches
of the city, irrespecti of creed or doc
trine. Sermons were preached on the
Inevitable horrors of war and the con
sequent blessings of victorious peace,
and there were services of song and
worship on these themes. This was the
spiritual inauguration. The material
and spectacular beginning will * be
until Tuesday, and the intervening day
■will be devoted to housing the city's
-vests and perfecting the final details.
Conceived pure*- as a local tribute to
the might of our arms on Bea and land
and the valor of the men who bore
them, the celebration has broadened
into a 1 tional fete of greater magni
tude than any public function in many
years past. In it will participate the
President and 'ie Vice-President of the
United otates with the officers of the
Cabinet; General Miles, General Wheel
er and other military notables; Com
modore Philip, Hobson and other he
roes of the Merrimao and scores of
naval warriors ' lesser fame and the
Governors of many States with their
Etaffs.
In time it will occupy three full days,
c< untl- the actual opening as on
Tuesday. In scope it will embrace an
Imposing greeting to the nation's navy
as represented by the ships which
fought and won as the ships of no other
navy afloat ever fought and won; a
dignified and comprehensive display of
our civic virtues as exemplified by a
procession showing the country's
progress in commerce and art, and a
great military parade of the men
whose endurance and prowess made
possible this festival.
Wednesday will be Civio day. The
President, Vice-President and members
of the Cabinet will arrive in the after
noon. In the evening a reception to the
President and his par.ty will occur.
< m Military day, Thursday, the mili
tary and naval parade will be reviewed
by President McKinlp". and there will
be a reception to the President and dis
tinguished guests at the Academy of
Music. The principal vessels that will
take part in the revi. w are the Texas,
New Orleans, Topeka, Dolphin, Glou
cester, Marblehead, Columbia, Minne
apolis, Vixen, Winslow, Hudson, Oli
vette, Morrill and Algenquin. Many of
the ships are already moored at their
respective - ositions.
The decorations throughout the city
are lavish and beautiful. The piece de
resistance of the procession is the
court of honor, from a stand in the cen
ter of which President McKinley will
look at the parade. It consists of a
•succession of white pillars, twelve on
each side of Broad street extending
from Chestnut to Walnut streets. Each
of the columns is surmounted by a
great eagle and globe of shining gold,
■while the four at the ends bear the
legends "San Juan," "El Caney." "Ma
nila" and "Santiago."
In the center of this court the street
is spanned by the magnificent triumphal
arch. This is simple but impressive,
the prevailing: tone being white and
gild. It is elaborately festooned with
flags by day and illuminated by a
beautiful array of incandescent lights
at night. The arch is surmounted by
an enormous figure of Victory mounted
on char-ers.
EXCITING BICYCLE
RACING AT DENVER
Bemarkable Speed Developed by C. I.
Himstreet in the Fifteen-
Mile Handicap.
DENVER, Oct. 23.— The bicycle races
here to-day drew a good-sized crowd, and
exciting racing was witnessed. The
fifteen mile handicap developed remark
able speed in C. I. Himstreet, the win
ner. Himstreet's pacing machine broke
down in the first mile, giving Oudkirk a
lead, but with the aid of a single
g machine Himstreet overtook Oud
kirk In the ninth mile by riding a furious
Oudkirk dropped out in the elev
enth mile, but Himstreet kept up his pace
to the llnish. Results:
Mile n-. vice— Frank Beers won. C. Pry aecond,
W. E. Moon third. Time, 2:13 3-5.
Five-mile handicap— H. S. Hale (BO yarde)
Won, James Peterson (scratch) second, F. K.
Bennett (scratch) third. Time, 12:20.
Mile open— James Peterson won. H. O. Good
second, Auptln Himstreet third. Time, 2:11.
Fifteen-mile paced race between W. W. Oud
kirk anti C. I. Himstreet— Himstreet won.
Time. 30:32 2-5.
Tw.-mile. multicycle— Seltzer, Daxey and
Steinmetz won on a triplet (scratch); Root,
Green. Scott, triplet (60 yard*), second; Max
son, Loos, tandem (225 yards), third. Time,
8:55.
WING-SHOT TOURNAMENT.
The Championship Trophy and Fat
Purses for Marksmen.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 23.— The inaugural
contest for the Sportsmen's trophy, em
blematic of the live bird or wing-shot
championship of America, will be held
here Thursday, November 3, a three
days' ahooting tournament. The trophy
is of gold and silver, valued at $500, and
a guaranteed purse of $500 additional will
bring the best live-bird shooters in Amer
ica. The conditions of the first contest
is twenty-five live birds, upon competi
tion American Association rules, thirty
yards' rise, twelve-gauge guns, entrance
t25, birds extra- The Sportmen's Review
guarantees the purse of $500; five moneys, j
class shooting, 30, 25, 20, 15 and 10 per
cent; ties to be shot off at twenty-five
birds.
MARIA TERESA COALING.
Resurrected Spanish Cruiser About
to Start for this Country.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1888, by Jamea Gor
don Bennott.
era. Cuba, Oct. 23.— The ar
mored cruiser Maria Teresa began coal
ing yesterday. Her engines are in a
satisfactory condition and it is now con
fidently expected that the Teresa will
start for the United States on Thursday.
STRUCK ON THE BAB.
Mishap to the Steamer Navarro on
Sailing for This Port.
NEWPORT. Or.. Oct. 23.-The steamer
Isavarro, which sailed for San Francisco
th morning;, struck on the bar, sprung
a leak and returned to port, discharging
hEn Ca £JE?« S5, certal n what damage had
aamaged, and as soon slight found not
damaged, and as soon as slip ht repairs are
mad© boa .will proceed on. her. voyagsT
UNVEILING OF
A PEACE CROSS
Impressive Ceremony at
Washington.
PRESIDENT'S HAPPY SPEECH
THBEE HUNDRED EPISCOPAL
BISHOPS PRESENT.
In Clerical Robes, Accompanied by
Choir Boys, They March, to the
Summit of Mount St.
Albans.
SpeaUl Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— -A most im
pressive ceremony in this city was the
unveiling to-day of the peace cross on
the summit of Mount St. Albans, the
site of the new Episcopal cathedral.
This ceremony was in lieu of the laying
of the cornerstone of the edifice, which
"will b« known as the Cathedral of
Sts. Peter and Paul.
President McKinley was present and
delivered a brief address. Many other
distinguished men, including 800
Bishops and other high dignitaries of
the church, were present. They
marched in solemn procession in their
clerical robes, accompanied by choir
boys of the different churches of the
city. An audience of many thousands
was present.
Bishop Satterly delivered the address
of welcome, while the sermon was by
Bishop Doane. The drapery was
dropped from the stone while President
McKinley was speaking.
Mount St. Albans is some distance
from the city proper, but it overlooks
the capital and from its site the many
public buildings, the domes of the
Capitol and Congressional Library and
the Washington monument are plainly
visible. The situation, the surround
ings and a beautiful day combined to
make the scene inspiring and the oc
casion lmpressjve.
The President rose and said: "I ap
preciate the very great privilege given
me to participate with this ancient
church by its Bishops and its laymen
in this new sowing for the Master and
for men. Every undertaking like this
for the promotion of religion and edu
cation is a positive gain to citizen
ship, to country and civilization. And
in this single word I speak I wish for
this sacred enterprise the highest in
fluence and the widest usefulness."
While the President spoke the
drapery of red, white and blue was re
moved, revealing a huge lonian cross,
twenty feet high, cut from a single
stone.
After a chant by the choir. Bishop
Whipple read a special prayer of
thanksgiving for victory.
Bishop Doane in the course of his
sermon safcl: "I am speaking here In
the name of all Americans. The cross
here unveiled stands on a mount which
bears a name holy to all English
speaking people. It overlooks the
capftol of a great nation of free men.
The chief magistrate of our great coun
try has added the dignity of his most
welcome presence. A representative
assembly has gathered. I take It that
there Is here to-day In this assembly
the only union that can exist between
the church and state in this country."
He spoke of the suggestiveness of the
peace cross, the peace which had come
to the nation and which was commem
orated by the cross.
FREAK COMING TO THE
CITY TO CELEBRATE
San Quentin Convict Who Has Not
Spoken Nor Cut His Hair
For Years.
SAN QUENTIN, PRISON, Oct. 23.— E.
J. Cunningham, one of the greatest
freaks ever confined in this institution,
was released and took the train for San
Francisco to-day. Cunningham was in
carcerated for a term of six years for
burglary committed in Orange County.
When he donned the stripes he swore that
he would not speak nor cut his hair un
til the day he was a free man. For five
years the oath was religiously kept, but
about six months ago. under the stress
of great excitement, he uttered a few
words. From that time until his release
to-day not a word has passed his. lips. As
he walked out of the gates and started
for the stage to Greenbrae his hair
measured four feet In length. He talked
volubly when told he was free, and said
he would go to the city, get a hair-cut
and then celebrate.
William's Gift to the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 23.— Emperor
William has designed a large fountain
which he proposes to erect in Constan
tinople as a gift to commemorate his visit
and that of Empress Victoria to the Sul
tan's capital.
The departure of their German Majes
ties last evening was marked with great
ceremony. The Sultan took a most cor
dial leave of his imperial guests on the
steps of the palace. All the Turkish ves
sels were dressed and manned, and the
Germans exchanged salutes with the
shore forts.
Dr. Mueller's Fatal Experiments.
VIENNA, Oct. 23.— Dr. Mueller, who at
tended Heir Barrisch, the surgical as
sistant at Professor Nothnagle's bacteri
ological establishment, who died on Tues
day from bubonic plague, died to-day.
The three nurses who had developed
symptoms of the disease are somewhat
improved to-day. All the animals at the
Nothnagle establishment which had been
made the subjects of experiment with the
plague were to-day cremated.
President Hereux at Nassau.
NASSAU, N. P., Oct. 23.— General
Ylusses Hereux, President of the Domin
ican Republic, arrived here to-day on the
Dominican warship Restauraucion, to
confer with Smith M. Weed and other
Americans who arrived here as a special
commission last week on the United
States cruiser Montgomery.
Fullback Starbuck at Work Again.
PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 23.— Starbuck,
the Cornell fullback who was Injured
about the head in the game with Prince
ton yesterday, recovered sufficiently to
day to follow his team back to Ithaca.
Norwegian Steamer Ashore.
ST. VANGER, Norway, Oct. 23.— The
Norwegian steamer Colinarcher, Captain
Larsein, from New York September. 22 for
Stockholm, is ashore In a critical position
at Aarre Gaederen.
Volunteers Homeward Bound.
PONCE, Oct. 23.— The United States
transport Manitoba, with the Third Wis
consin Volunteer Reg'.ment, sailed to-day
for New York.
New York's Registration.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The total regis
tration of the city of New York was 556,
389, as against 567,192 in 1897.
St. John's Ohurch Fair.
In consequence of the Immense success
of the St. John's parish fair Rev. P.
Brady and the ladies in charge have de
cided to continue it for one week longer.
During the past two weeks many no table
people have visited the fair, while the
crowds in attendance nightly have been
uncomfortably, large*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
WATSONVILLE
AUTHORITIES
ARE DELELICT
Kidnapers May Yet
Escape.
CLEWS THAT ARE NEGLECTED
CALL REPORTER INTERVIEWS
THE SUSPECTS.
Finds Them Extremely Nervous and
Contradictory in Their State
ments—Alibis Will Be
Hard to Prove,
WATSONVILLE, OctJS.— There was
a big .baseball game In this lively little
city to-day, and everybody attended, In
cluding law officers who were Bupposed
to be searching for further evidence
necessary to hold for trial the men who
are believed to be guilty of the at
tempted abduction of the young daugh
ter of Postmaster Osborn.
The fact came to light to-night that
for two days it has been known to the
law officers that there was a witness in
this city who stated on the day after
the arrest that he had seen Romero in
company with a young American in the
neighborhood of Osborn's house, the
two eveningß preceding the commission
of the crime, and that he saw them in
the same vicinity late on the night the
girl was carried out of bed from her
home. Nevertheless that witness, Jos
eph Littlejohn, has not been sought for
by the peace officers, notwithstanding
he was on the principal street during
the afternoon to-day.
Littlejohn, who hails from Castro
ville, met' Jose Gomez to-day, to whom
he made the statement regarding Ro
mero, and abused his friend for giv
ing to the officers the private informa
tion imparted. He told Gomez that as
there was no v itness to the declaration
he could not prove that JLittlejohn had
made the statement. The reason of L,it
tlejohn's anger was that he did not
want to be mixed ut> in the case and
possibly get into trouble. It was an
nounced to-night that he would be sub
poenaed and given an opportunity to
tell what he knows under oath.
There has been rather severe criti
cism by citizens of the manner in which
the case has been handled thus far,
as it is feared there will not be suf
ncent evidence to hold the men. Some
of these people are unkind enough to
say that election time is at hand; that
there is a large Spanish vote here, and
that the accused men are Mexican half
castes. This appears to be harsh, and
it would probably be more generous to
say that lack of experience and knowl
edge of the value of clews is responsible
for the conditions. This is illustrated
by the fact that the young American
who is supposed to have furnished the
information regarding the location of
the girl's room is not being looked for,
nor has an effort been made to learn
what man of that description Romero
has been associating with recently.
It was learned this afternoon that
Postmaster Osborn is so anxious about
the outcome of the case that he has
had a private detective at work se
cretly lookir~ up evidence for the past
forty-eight hours. What has been ac
complished Mr. Osborn refuses to state.
"I do not want to be the cause of
punishing an innocent man," said he,
"but it does seem to me that it will be
almost impossible to explain away the
frets that point to the guilt of these
men and I ho->f> there will be some
thing forthcoming to-morrow to
st engthen the case. I am simply do
in my best to get at the truth and mete
out -unishment to the fniilty man or
An interview with the accused men
had to-day by The Call correspondent
diclosed the fact that they are exceed
ingly nervous. Romero, who is a black
visaged Mexican, with a scar on his
right ear that looks as though he had
been slashed with a knife, was the more
self-possessed of the two, but grew
quite nervous when told that the evi
dence against him was strong and was
expected to be much strengthened be
fore the examination to-morrow after
noon. He asserted in a husky voice
that he went to bed in the Cosmopolitan
lodging-house at 10 o'clock that night
and slept till 7 a. m. When asked if he
could prove the allegation he replied
in the negative. He also ueclared that
he had not been in the neighborhood
of the Osborn residence prior to the
night of the crime, but it is stated that
the prosecution expects to produce wit
nesses to prove that he was seen round
there on several occasions. He admit
ted his inability to account for the pres
ence of the sugar factory weight card
in the buggy or for the fact that the
tracks of the vehicle led to the side
walk of the house in which Carnes
lodged. Romero was about to leave the
city when rearrested, but thinks that
was entirely proper.
"I am an innocent man," said he,
"and can prove my former good charac
ter, but I know that it is possible to
railroad an innocent man to prison and
they may do that for me. I think I can
clear myself, though. No, I do not
know anything about Carnes. I never
associated with him except during the
short time we worked together. Now I
won't talk any more; my attorney has
forbidden me to do so."
Romero, in a badly depressed state,
was then locked up.
Carnes, when brought out and ques
tioned, was in a pitiable condition. He
was so nervous that he could neither
stand still nor walk straight and had
much difficulty in finding his voice. He
averred that on the night of the crime
he went to bed at 7 o'clock, but ac
knowledged that he could not establish
the fact. He contradicted his former
statement to Marshal Bridgewater re- i
garding his disposal of the telltale tag. I
In the first instance he said that he had
torn the paper to pieces, and to your
correspondent he declared that he had
simply taken it from his pocket and
thrown it away. Carnes will have diffi
culty in establishing an alibi, as the
landlady of the house where he lodged
was absent on the night of the attempt
ed abduction, and cannot say whether
or not he came in early or late. The
prisoner Is well known In Ventura and
Santa Barbara. The examination will
begin before the committing magistrate
at 2 p. m. to-morrow.
Roundhouse Burned in Washington.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Oct. 23.— The
roundhouse belonging to the Belllngham
Bay and Eastern Railroad at Woodlawn,
on Lake Whatcom. burned last night.
Only one engine was in the house. It is
not badly damaged. Considerable trestle
work was burned. Total damages are
estimated at $3000. The cause of the fire
is unknown.
Died of Fever on the Yukon.
• SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— News has been
received here of the death of John Grea
ber of Ashland, Pa., at Rink Rapids, on
the Yukon, from a fever contracted at
Dawson. Graeber was 28 years old, and
before going to Alaska last year was
engaged/in the clothing business at Ash
land,, Pa.
RAIN COMES TO
THE BELIEF OF
FIRE-FIGHTERS
Their Heroic Work in
the Mountains.
OFTEN PENNED IN BY FLAMES
SEVERAL MTRAGUXOTTS ESCAPES I
FROM DEATH.
Danger Not Yet Over and Patrols
Are on the Lookout — Forest
Commissioner Newhall
Out of Place.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PASADENA. Oct. SS.— Rain at an
early hour this morning came to the
rescue of the 200 exhausted nre-flghters
In the San Gabriel Mountain range,
back of thlß city. The fires had spread
and were raging in different canyons.
In Henniger's Flats, about four miles
beyond Mount Wilson, the biggest
squad of men was working when the
clouds began rolling In at 2 o'clock Sun
day morning. From then till T o'clock
the mists kept drizzling. One crew com
ing down the canyon about daybreak
found an old man, who had become ex
hausted, lying unde a ledge of rocks,
so that the raindrops could fall In his'
mouth. Water and sandwiches revived
him sufficiently to hobble out
Though the fires leap, twist, whirl.
Jump and run for hundreds of feet in
terrific fury, the men have thus far es
caped being caught, though many ad
ventures are reported. One squad, led
by Thomas Banbury, was in the canyon
between Wilson's Peak and Mount
Lowe when a change in the wind sent
the conflagration leaping from forest
to forest, licking up whole acres of
chaparral in a minute, covering all with
smoke and ashes. A fortunate turn in
the wind permitted them to escape, but
one of them, Cliff Rogers, struck a high
gait down the mountains and never
quit running until he got to Pasadena.
Thomas Zachary Is thanking his
lucky stars for a narrow escape. He
was hundreds of feet down a narrow
canyon when he saw a great bowlder
rushing with tremendous velocity down
upon him. With rare presence of mind
he darted under a bushy clump just
In time to see it bound over him in its
resistless force. Many other men have
been bruised, but the Pasadena Red
Cross Society have a raemDer of the
Seventh Regiment Hospital Corps on
the ground to dress all wounds.
Alpine Tavern and the Mount Lowe
Railway property have all been saved.
For a time it looked very dubious when
the flames were darting over the crest
of the ridge above and when hot ashes
were falling among the great pines
around the antique hotel up there, 6000
feet above the sea, but the vigorous
work of the fighters, spurred on by Man
ager J. S. Torrance of the Mount Lowe
Railway, promising the men double
wages to save the property, had its
effect and the picturesque railway and
hotel remain as a delight to all tourists.
Prompt action has also saved the
stately forests and green mountains
around Wilson's Peak and Martin's
Camp. Though the fires are under con
trol and the men are returning patrols
are keeping watch of the smoldering
embers and smaller fires. Unless there
comes more rain danger will not be all
passed for many days yet.
All through this fight Commissioner
Newhall has demonstrated incompe
tency and unfltness for his position. He
is a good man, but should be in a Red
lands Sunday-school rather than at tho
head of a Government attempt to
protect our valuable water sheds. Man
ager Torrance, Harry Wilcox, Ranger
Border, Ranger Thomas and other i
Pasadenans have had to bear the brunt !
of the burden of this fight. Between
3000 and 4000 acres of these forest-cov
ered mountains have been swept bare
by this last fire. The expense has been
heavy because of the Government send
ing many useless men into the moun
tains and by not acting more promptly
on the first alarm.
Professor E. W. Claypool, the Throop
Institute scientist, who has watched
forest fire fighting in EJurope, comes
forward with the statement that the
only way to save the forest is by cut
ting anti-fire paths in and through the
forests, so that the fires are stopped
by these paths before they get under
headway.
TOOK THREE SHOTS AT
GREEK FISHERMEN
Deputy Fish Commissioner Makes a
Display of Authority Off
San Quentin.
SAN RAFAEL,, Oct. 23.— An excited
Deputy Fish Commissioner and a re
volver formed a combination nearly re
sulting in a tragedy yesterday. Three
shots were fired at a number of Greek
fishermen engaged in fishing for sturgeon
off East Brothers 1 lighthouse, north of
San Quentin, two of which pierced the
sail of their little smack. The fishermen
were John George, keeper of the Point
House at San Quentin; John Constan
tine, who lives on ,one of the Marin
Islands, and another person whose name
was not learned.
Just as the string of sturgeon were be
ing hauled into their boat the Fish Com
missioner's launch Quinnat rounded a
promontory, having on board three men
and three ladies. As soon as the launch
was sighted the string was thrown into
the bay and sail hoisted. The sail was
hardly in place when one of the men
rose in the launch and fired. The bullet
pierced the sail, and the unknown fisher*
man became so frightened that he jumped
averboard and swam to land. The launch
grave chase to the smack and two more
3hots were fired. One tore another hole
In the sail, while the last whistled harm
lessly overhead. At the third shot George
wid Constantino threw all their lines I
overboard to destroy evidence, and the
Quinnat desisted from the chase.
It is evident that the men must have
been using "China" lines to catch the
3turgeon or they would have had no rea
ion for destroying the evidence, as plain !
iook-and-line fishing is not illegal. George i
isserts that no warning was given of the |
ntended shots and that nothing could j
lave been done to avoid them. The iden
:ity of the Quinnat passengers could not
De discovered. _
BRIXHAM'S CREW AT SEATTLE.
Say It Will Not Pay to Get the Ves
sel Off the Rocks.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 23.— The crew of
the wrecked steamer Brlxham arrived
here to-day n the steamer Utopia from
Alaska. The/ report that It will cost
more than the Brlxham is worth to get
her off the rooks, and that she will prob
ably be abandoned.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 23, 5 p .m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 64; Fresno, 72; Loe Angeles, 68; Red
Bluff, 70: San Luis Obispo, 70; San Diego, 68;
Sacramento, 70; Independence, 70; Yuma, 82.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, B5; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND QENBRAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
eiflo Slope during the past 24 hours. An area
of high pressure Is central off the coast of
Washington this evening, while the lowest
pressure is central In Colorado.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
the plateau region. The weather is generally
clear in the Pacific Coast region except partly
cloudy In Oregon and Washington. Rain Is
falling over the Rocky Mountain region.
Rain fall last night and today throughout
the entire Pacific Slope, except In the extreme
southern portion of California and in Artsona.
Forecast made at San Francisco (or 80 hours,
ending midnight, October U, 1891:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer In
the Sacramento Valley aod along the coast;
fresh northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; freak
northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy, with shower* la north portion
Monday.
Arizona— Fair; cooler Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Monday; fresh generally northerly wind.
Special from Mount Tamal pals— Clear; wind
northeast, 8 miles; temperature, 56; maximum
temperature* 68. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CAUL'S CALENDAR.
October, 1898.
!H
Moon*
!
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Bydrographio
Office, located In the Merchant** Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariner*, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was -dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHA9. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 24.
Moon s«ts ....._....„ 1:12 a, m.
Ff •*•••«
I
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Surrey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Areata Coos Bay _
Laurada Anacortes -
Walla Walla Victoria & Puget Sound
Banta Rosa Ban Diego
Pomona Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Wellington JDeparture Bay
Portland St. Michael
Del Norte Crescent City
Ban Juan. Panama
Navarro Yaqulna Bay
Progreeo Seattle
Columbia Portland
Cooe Bay Newport
Mineola Tacoma
Slam Nanalmo
Chllkat Humbnldt
Corona San Diego
Czarina Seattle
State California Portland
Acapulco Panama !
Umatilla Victoria 4 Puget Bound!
St. Paul Manila !
North Fork Humboldt J
Homer [Newport
Alliance IPortland I
i. it>
t. 26
:. 26
:. 27
:. 2?
:. 25
:. 28
;. 29
:. 29
:. 29
:. 30
:. 30
;. 30
:. 31
:.
:.
I.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pier U
Pier 24
Pier 2
Homer
O W. Elder
Signal |
Santa Roea.
Pomona. .. ..
Arcata
Columbia ..
San Juan...
Walla Walli
Coos Bay...i
Cleveland .[
Doric I
Corona
State of Call
loan jjiefto
it* i > a . I
IHumboldt ....
Coos Bay
iPortland I
I
t. 84. 9 am Pier U
t. 25, 10 am Pier 24
I 25, 12 m'Pler 2
t. 26, 11 ami Pier 11
t. 26. 2 pmlPier 9
:. 26, 4 pmjPler 13
;. 28, 10 am Pier 24
t. 28, 12 m PMSS
:. 23. 10 am Pier 9
:. 28, » amiPler 11
;. 28, » am Pier 2
:. 29, 1 pm PMSS
:. 80, 11 amiPler 11
:. 31, 10 am I Pier 34
Panama
IVic & Pgt Sd.
V'r
jNewport
[Puget Sound..
JCh!na& Japan
San Diego
'Portland
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
, -- ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 83.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Mon
terey and way ports..
Stmr Noyo, Lundqulst. IS hours ; from Fort
Brae - - •
Btmr Chllkat, Anderson, 29 hours from En-
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 86 hour* from Redondo.
via Cayucos 18 hours.
Stmr Kllu Thompson, Eagles. 100 hours from
Stmr Mackinaw, I/tttlefield. 85 hours from
Tacoma. . „ .
Stmr Greenwood, Fagwrlund, IB hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Salmo, Flaherty, 4 days and 90 hour*
from Seattle. .-■' ... .
Stmr George W Elder, Hlnkle. «2 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 62 hours.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, 19 days from Kar
luk
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammans, 14 days from
Uark U Aureola, Mercer, 8 days from Wlllapa
Schr' Mayflower, Olsen, 5 days from Coquille
SVclTrS V clTr B»ulah, Mitchell, 18 days from Redflah
Sohr Ocean Spray, Nyman. S days from Iv«r
senp Landing-.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Petterson, 12 days from
Tacoma. Port Costa direct.
Schr Karluk, Thomas. 15 days from Kadiak.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 23.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Puget
Sound. ,
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Sunol, JR«bs.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanalmo.
Ship Invincible, Klllman, Port Gamble.
Ship Columbia. Windrow, Tacoma.
Br ship Cape Clear, Smith. Portland.
Br ship Wayfarer, Dunning, Port Townsend.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu.
Sehr W F Jewett, Johnson, Columbia River.
Schr Lena Sweasey. Topfer, Tacoma.
Schr Sacramento. Forest.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. Ftsks Kill.
Schr Lila and Mattie, Hansen, Unal.
Schr Charles R Wilson, Johnson. Grays Har
bOr" TELEGRAPHIC.
POrNT LOBOS— Oct. 23, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW: velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
Stmr Navarro, from Yaquina Bay for San
Francisco, struck on the bar at Yaquina Bay
Oct 23- backed off and returned to dock; ves
sel leaking. DOMBBTIC pORm
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct IS— Chll ahip
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 23— Stmr Washtenaw,
hence Oct 20 for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 23— Schr John A, hce
Oct 16- stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
FOHETON PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Sept 26— Ger ship Slam,
for Portland.
BAY AivTD BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
ICon.. Tue«.. wed., , Thurm. and 5at. ..........
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Tinm.l
Frldars...... .....1 p. m. and 8:80 p. m.
eundaya 10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offlees— Mission Dock, Piar 8.
T«!ashon» '■ R«d tUX. . : ;
TAKE THE BOAT TOYSAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, TGo. Delightful Bay
Excursion*. Alvlso and return. 7Co. Telephone
Main 1300. •' ' ; j
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Vs^ Steamers leave Broadway
T3h*»--_ ' wharf, San Francisco:
* «n**s. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
HPfSMfe Oct. S. 8. 13 18 23, IS. Not. t
DTlXraKq transfer at Seattle.
tifc»sßi V^* For victoria. Vancouver (B.
E^HC^kXi C) Pert Townsend, Seattle.
r^*s£c^&?fM Tacoma. Everett. Anaeorte*
' HlUi and New What com (Wash.). 18
a^ m. Oct. 8. 13. 18, ». 28. Not.
• .« ..x,- fifth day thereafter, traaafer at
t and everyfourth day thereafter.
Ir irnt. »«*«v?\Vd
•73 SSfe^fiSSSS Bar Ban Ja-^.
without previous notice steamers. sallln* dates
•^SS* OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■ From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rnliC $8 Second Class and Meals.
G«o. W. Elder sails Oct. 7, 18, 25, Not. t
Columbia sails Oct. 10, 19, 88. Nov. , 8.
State of California sails Oct. 18. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short Una to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points- In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., ->-'".~.-\\
Superintendents.
Compapie Generate Transatlantic
r (French Line) - ;';,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS f-nr-f
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday 4£2JaXl>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North •*■>»*£>
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE ... ". _.....~..0ct. 29
LA TOURAINB Nov. 6
LA GASCOGNE . . ' Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE _ Nov. 19
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 28
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. ■ Second class to
Havre. $46, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FT7GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
i— «ubi The S. S. mariposa
jß^f&tJffiKßSSmW sails via Honolulu and
JLf^B'f"""* Auckland for Sydney
W -g-» gyM — Wednesday, November
flJeßaal J s - s - Australia,
%^§Mf GXm"'W'»K sails for Honolulu only
'^St^^ (6fflß3l2tf*^ November
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Afrrica.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
Hit Montgomery st.
Freight office— B27 Market ft., Pan Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEARST ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing ou body and mind and
Skin Diseases. i'hedoctorcnreswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrenenarantrri!. Call or write.
Dr. J. V. UIBBONi Box 1857. San Francisco.
PROCLAMATION
~ STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected . to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
«.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of - California an - amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue ■ provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, " provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County or" San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims, with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the- pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section,, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness , incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
5 ;-■} '■; - AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7V4. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and 'consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have • been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, ■to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there •be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified ' electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, • without
Dower of alteration or amendment, ■ and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
-ase become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
ail amendments thereof, and all special- laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such* county government act, certi-
Qed by the President of the Board of % Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
md authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting - forth the submission of such " county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, \ shall be made in duplicate and
Jenoslted, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
■if flee' of the }?ecorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts sViall take Judicial notice thereof.
rhe county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
rears .by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the - county, to the
luallfled electors thereof, at a 'general or spe-
:ial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty day»
n a newspaper of general | circulation In such
;ounty, and ratified by at least three-fifths of
;he qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
'or the appro\%l of the county government act.
:n submitting any such county government act
my ■ alternative - article or. proposition may |be
>resented for the choice of tho voters, and may
■>e voted on separately without prejudice to
>thers. .-■•.."■• ■!;■'■< ■■■'•'■■; -f- : ■ '--- . ■ :/ •/; :..:
It «hall be competent In all county -govern-
nent acts framed under the authority given by
Ma section, to provide . for the : manner - In
rhlcD, the tltacs at -which, and the tgf&a for
PROCLAMATION,
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, snail
be elected or appointed; for their comptni*-
tlon; for the number of such officers, for U»»
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the,
number of deputies that each officer shall »*▼•.
and for the compensation payable to each or
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall bo con-
ducted ; and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed . out, adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their . compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not bW
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner hereinabove set forth. -
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
■-■-■■ ."- '■ ' 44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to the- Con-
ng Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
resolution proposing to the people of the
e of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State., by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: ' .
Section 5%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall' have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges ' holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide | the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section. ",-...
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section BH. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 18. In ■ case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties or
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha-i
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the . speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 33.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
•ertii prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
imping or scientific department of the Univer-
sTy of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is of California an said section to read as
of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
-oposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2.. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of ■ its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain -
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor ■ shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which • shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and ■ an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1888,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to bo voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional * Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Ye«
of Vallejo for the construction of Its ' .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred). "
For the Amendment? :. " I!
Amendment Number Two. being Senate T
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yes
(providing for framing local county- • — ■
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? ' .1]
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f ,
ate Constitutional : Amendment ■ No,
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye«
against the State, and to consist of • — .
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). .
For the Amendment? ''11:
Amendment Number Four, being As- ,
sembly Constitutional " Amendment
No. 87 (exempting consolidated Okies Tm
and counties, organized or to be or- • — ■
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg- . '
Jslatlon in relation to counties). -
For the Amendment? ■ > •_ -'!■•■
Amendment Number -\ Fire, being As- .
sembly Constitutional Amendment
I No. 38 (relating to office of Governor, Ttm
providing for • succession thereto In • . ■
certain cases and removing disability * N«
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? ■'.■.'•• • ) v
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 88 Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar r— — -J
Schools). • , - , - Hq
For the Amendment? I
Amendment' Number Seven, being As- V
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84 (providing for adjournment of Yes.
Legislature for not less than thirty .— «
' nor more than sixty days during each Na •
session).*
For the Amendment? ' . "' '
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the.
State of California, the day and year hi rain
first above written. -■''.'■
■ -.-,.■ ■■ JAMES H. BTJDD,. Governor* *',-■;
Attest i L. H. BROWN. Secretary of. State, j
[SEAL.J • • -'
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PARTY LINES
WIPED OUT IN
LOCAL FIGHTS
Bitter Struggling foi
Minor Offices.
BOOMERANG AT TALCOTT
USED HIS BOAD FUND TO THE
BEST ADVANTAGE.
Contrast Between Maguireism and the
Honest Principles of
warmer J. V.
Webster.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 23.
There can be no doubt that the present
generation In Alameda County has been
surfeited with "professional" politics.
This fact Is more plainly demonstrated at
each political gathering. It is a cam
paign of distrust, no one being able to
feel any confidence as to how his neigh
bor and friend will vote. This is not con
fined to any one party, but is painfully
general. It is shared by candidates as
well as voters. Party lines have been so
intermingled and there has been so much
coquetting that politics has been lost to
Bight and personality has been substi
tuted. The Republicans are, of course,
united on State and Congressional nomi
nees, but for county 1 offices it is every one
for himself and his ambitions and
schemes. Party honor has been banished
to the winds and many openly declare
they are not bound to vote on party lines.
This is the result of the rule or ruin
policy which has been a feature of local
politics for some years. Whereas, years
ago. it was a novelty to find a scratched
ballot, I venture to predict that two
weeks hence a majority of all the ballots
Cast will not be straight. Not so very
long ago a man was honored for having
been the choice of his party for office and
the prefix "honorable" was something to
be proud of. Now, the sacred word is so
often misapplied that I have heard it fre
auently call forth derision. This is be- I
cause the grand constitutional idea or j
politics in government has been de
baaed by professional office hunters un- ;
til it is simply a business with a party
name for a trade mark. I can conceive ;
of nothing more revolting to a patriot
than for a man to creep on his hands ana
knee? and drivel out such words as -'Lin
coln." '•Jefferson," or "McKinley,* 1 when
his sole ambition is to get his hand in ;
the county treasury and take out a salary
ten times" greater than he deserves or ,
could earn in any legitimate walk of lire. ,
One of the genii of the "union" party
made a great discovery last week. It
•was that Supervisor Talcott had spent all
his road district money In the township
where he resides. As the lawmakers
w :e discreet enough to decree that a Su
pervisor, in common with every other dis
trict officer In the State, must reside in
the district which he represents, it is not
easy to see what particular merit there is
In the "discovery" of this fact. Mr. Tal
cott has, we are solemnly informed, spent
large sums of money on the roads "in the
vicinity of his own home." Truly re
markable! Had he done anything else
the grand Jury might have handled him.
Mr. Talcott is not a "colonized Super-
Tne statement made for the purpose of
misrepresenting one of the most honest
Supervisors Alameda County has ever
known, is the greatest compliment he
could desire. Had it been insinuated that
the money spent had not gone "into its
roads," but into some pocket, then Mr.
Talcott might have felt aggrieved. This
would have been too palpable a falsehood,
however for Mr. Talcott's roads are the
delight of every wheelman, teamster
and pedestrian who travels over them.
Since the Democrats have paraded their
weakness by such silly opposition to Mr.
Talcott, his "assurance of election has been
doubly assured. _^
There are hundreds of politicians who
try to create the impression that they are
honest, well knowing that they are not; ,
there are others who believe they are hon- ,
est. and yet others who are honest, but
bo lack judgment that they do nothing
but arouse suspicion. There are a few who
bo conduct themselves that, without any
effort on their part, they force their hear
ers into the belief that they are honest.
Of this latter class is J. V. Webster, the j
San Luis Obispo farmer, who headed the j
populist State ticket in '94. I spent three !
hours with Mr. Webster a few evenings ■
ago and each hour added to my firm con
vfctlon that the two leading articles of his i
creed are truth and sincerity. A man of
mature experience and marked political
views, twenty years ago, he sat as a dele
gate In the constitutional convention and ;
some of the most notable sections of the
State constitution are his work. Now the
whitening head and kindly features and
Intellectual expression at once invite the j
respect and confidence which his speech j
and argument later compel. Mr. Webster j
la out of place in his party to-day. He i
went into the People's party from an
honest motive. He believes its principles
are nearer the practical solution of mod
ern economy and political complications
than those of any other party, and his
greatest regret is that a few "piehunters" j
nave almost wrecked the ship which more
honest men built.
Nothing could be more widely separated
than Maguirelsm and the principles of
Mr. Webster. Mr. Ifaguire'a diatribe of
apology, abuse and self-adulation deliv
ered at the Tabernacle a few weeks ago
left not a single principle for an intelli
gent hearer to ponder over. His speech —
same old .speech delivered everywhere —
simply resolved itself into this: "I'm an
egotistical ass, I know, but put me in a
position where I can make a bigger ass
of myself than I am, and I'll grasp the
opportunity.'
And what does Mr. Webster say of Mr.
Maguirc's issues": "The Governor of
the State has no more authority to regu
late railroad traffic than the man in the
moon. The single tax principles, if en
forced, would quickly place every farm
in the State in the hands of the bankers
and mortgage holders, which would be
more than the corporations would dare to
ask. These are the only two strings to
Mr. Maguire's harp. "What reform does
he stand for? What on earth has he in
common with the People's party?"
Private Meadors showed excellent judg
ment when he chose Alameda County as
a fitting place to practice homicide. Many
other manslayers— a long list extending
over thirty years — set the precedent for
Meadors. and with two notable excep
tions, all are now alive to tell about It,
•Cnlcss nature has come to thoir relief.
Just why Meadors should have killed but
one man instead of wiping out half of
C«mp Barrett is not quite plain. Certain
ly he had nothing to fear from the law
as interpreted by an Alameda County
Jury. The four Judges should get their
panels together and frame a new defini
tion of manslaughter, for it is evident that
there is at present nothing in the statutes
that fits the case. Justice Allen must be
a man of nerve to desire a four-year term
as District Attorney of this county.
People traveling on the street cars In
the country to-day were somewhat sur
prised to see a portion of the trunk of
a tree. For several weeks such a sight
has not been witnessed, but this morn
ing a piece of bark was visible. It was
due to the storm last night, which blew
away one of the candidate's cards. News
that there was a spot available for anoth
er card soon reached the candidates'
headquarters and two hours after day
light. aft«r a keen struggle t^een blll
posters, the tree was.dfaln blotted from
view. STUART W. BOOTH.
Oakland Church Servioes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— There was a spe
cial thanksgiving service for the harvest
at the Unitarian Church this morning.
The church was decorated with autumn
flowers, foliage and fruits and special
i music was furnished by the choir and
Simdav-school orchestra. The church
choir, in chargo of Professor Hughes,
sang Watson's "Praise the Lord" and
Barnby's "How Manifold Are lay
Words." Key. Mr. Sutherland delivered a
short but eloquent sormon.
Noel 11. Jacks, secretary of the Y. M.
C. A., occupied tne pulpit at the *irst
Presbyterian Church to-night, and this
morning Her. Dr. Ellis preached the sor
mon. , .
Rev. Dr. Coyle has been elected mod
erator of the Synod of California.
"The Bible and the Epics Story. With
Special Reference to Jonah and the Big
Fish " was the subject of Rev. Philip
Graif's discourse at the First Free Bap^
tist Church to-night, being the fourth of
a series un the Holy Writ.
"Wine is a Mocker" was the subject of
Rev. Dwlght E. Potter's evening sermon
at the Union Street Presbyterian Church.
This morning he spoke on "God s View.
At St. Mark's Evangelical German Lu
theran Church a reformation anniversary
festival will be held October 30, when
Rev. A. Jatho, pastor, will deliver a lec
ture on "Luther's Religion."
At the First English Lutheran Church
this morning Rev. Mr. Mohl of San Fran
cisco spoke o:i "Jesus Weeping Over
Jerusalem." _ _.
"Xhe Call of the Kingdom' was Rev. J.
R. Knodell'a subject at to-night's ser
vioes in the Pilgrim Congregational
Church. _
Rev. C. B. Rl. ack D. xi.. of San Fran
cisco preached at Asbury M. E. Church
South this morning.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregate nal Church, spoke on
"The Miraculous and More. Elements in
Religion" this evening.
Rev. E. R. Dille at the First Methodist
Episcopal Church to-night preached on
"Ruth and Orpah, the Religion of Char
acter vs. Religion of Sentiment."
■"Harvest Home Festival" was the sub
ject of Rev. C. H. nobart's sermon at the
First Baptist Church to-day.
Elder J. N. Loughuorough spoke at the
Seventh Day A .vent Church, at Twen
tieth and Brush streets, this evening on
"The Wonders Recently Seen in the
Heavens and Their Relation to Prophecy.
A Heinrlch Recital.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— A Heinrlch re
cital by the world's famous interpreters
of songs, Mr. and Mrs. Max Heinrich and
their daug. .er. Julia, has been an
nounced for Thursday night of this week
in the Unitarian Church.
THE NEW BRITISH CONSUL.
Clayton Pickersgill, Who Will Me
Here by -he End of the Year.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 23.— William Clayton
Pickersglll has been appointed British
Consul at San Francisco to succeed Jo
seph William Warburton. Mr. Warbur
ton went to London last January, and at
his request was retired on a pension in
July, after being in the Queen's service
for "over forty years. Since his departure
Vice Consul Wesley More has been acting
Consul.
Mr More stated that the appointment
of Mr Pickersgill was announced in the
London Times of October 5, but he has
received no other official information
concerning the change.
"The appointment will not affect me In
any way " said Mr. More. "I expect the
now Consul will arrive here before the
end of the year. He is at present In
Mr Pickersglll has been in the British
service since 1883, at which time he was
appointed British Vice Consul at Anta
nanarivo. Madagascar. In IS!>2 he was
advanced to a Consulate, representing his
Government in the Portuguese posses
sions on the west coast of Africa, with
headquarters at Loanda. He went to
London recently on a leave of absence,
and while there received the appointment
of British Consul at San Francisco.
School Children's Entertainment.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 23.— The school chil
dren of Alameda who have organized to
give an entertainment to raise funds for
PATRONAL FEAST OF MARISTS.
Celebrated lift Solemn and Impressive Ceremony at the French Chnrch.
THE patronal feast of the Marlst
Community (French church) in
honor of "Our Lady of Victolres,"
was commemorated yesterday
with solemn and Impressive ceremony.
The annual celebration of this feast
Is unlike that of all other patronal
feasts honored by the various distinct
communities in the Catholic church.
Other orders of priests, that have
either been founded by or consecrated
to, saints and martyrs and perpetu
ated in their name, take religion as
their primary and paramount motive;
while the feast honored and commem
orated yeßterday by the members of
the Marist community combines with
the sacred memory of the "Our Lady
of Victory." a national and a patriotic
memory.
The Virgin has always been looked
upon by the French people as a pat
ron eaint, both from a religious and
worldly standpoint. Through her in
tercession mediation between man and
THE SAN FHA4VCISCO CALL., MOKPAT, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
a Thanksgiving dinner to the poor of this
city, have partially outlined their pro
gramme, and are working like beavers to
make their worthy undertaking a suc
cess. The entertainment will be given
November 11 at Armory Hall. There will
be two farces, "Lord Dundreary's visit
to Elwood Grange" and "Aunt Susan
Jones." The cast of characters for Dun
dreary follows: Lillian Ashton, Ahce
Joost; Lord Dundreary, Foster Griffith ;
Belie Elwood. Emma Postel; Gordon El
i wood, Thomas Stackpole. Those who will
take part In "Aunt Susan Jones are:
! Mrs. Marklev, Ruby Schloss; Aunt Susan,
Emma Postel: Anna Wilson. Willow But
ler; Augustus SiUderfrac. Foster Orlfntn.
All the participants are school children.
j EISFELDT DIVORCE SETTLED.
Sensational Cross-Complaint With
drawn and Dispute Over Prop
erty Compromised.
AIiAMEDA, Oct. 23.— The divorce suit of
Anna vs. Theodore Eisfeldt has been com
promised. The case promised to be pro
ductive of much spicy testimony. The
I parties to the action moved In the best
society of Alameda and the announce
! ment of their marital difficulties astound
i ed their friends. The wife alleged cruelty
I In her complaint, but the defendant filed
a cross-complaint abounding In more seri
ous allegations and bringing In the names
of several prominent parties on both
sides of the bay as co-respondents. To
prevent the publicity and scandal that
might have resulted from the husband
charges, the Interested parties . came to
gether Friday and agreed to a compro
mise.
By the terms of the agreement the
plaintiff is to withdraw her charges of
cruelty and the husband is not to press
his cross-complaint. Mrs. Eisfeldt Is to
be given a divorce on the ground of In
compatibility of temper and will waive
claim to alimony. Mr. Eisfeldt is to re
linquish his Interest in the homestead at
1533 Schiller street, In consideration of the
cancellation of a note for $700 held against
him by Walter Blair of San Francisco.
Blair was the friend of Ijoth Mr. and Mrs.
Eisfeldt and frequently advanced them
money.
■ • «
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 23.— Companies E. H
and D of the Boys' Brigade had a com
petitive drill last evening at the First
Presbyterian Church. Company E, con
nected with Christ Episcopal Church, won
the honors and was awarded the trophy,
a silver cup.
The Enclnal Recreation Club Is arrang
ing a billiard, whist and chess tourna
ment for Its members. The handball
tournament will be resumed Monday
evening.
Yosemite Council No. 19, Degree of
Pocahontas, Improved Order of Red Men,
will give a minstrel show by local ama
teur talent November 18 at Armory Hall.
Among those who will participate are:
H. H. Cole, W. J. Robinson, J. H. Grif
fith, W. W. Goggin. F. P. Royle, Frank
Bima, A. G. Dahrner. W. Burge, C. Malt,
P. Harris, J. H. McCarthy. J. Hudson. J.
ope, Frank Fowzer. J. W. Raw. J. But
tery, F. Graham, C. P. Van de Heyde, J.
A. Hutt, John Bell, J. D. Martin.
The net proceeds of the fair given re
cently by the ladies of St. Joseph's Cath
olic Church were $2385.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23.— The Inquest over
the remains of Peter Anderson and Wil
liam Roach, the two men killed in the ex
plosion at the Judson Dynamite Works
yesterday, will be held In San Pablo to
morrow afternon at 1 o'clock. The In
quest will be conducted by Coroner Curry
of Contra Costa County.
Next Wednesday afternoon the college
team of the University of California will
line up against a picked team from the
Regiment of lowa Volunteers, now in San
Francisco. The game promises to be one
of the most closely contested this season,
as the army men are mostly crack play
ers from the University of lowa, and
they have already defeated Stanford by a
score of C— o. Play will begin upon the
college campus at 4 o'clock.
Pickpocket Arrested.
Harry Elmore, a well-known petty lar
ceny thief, was arrested at the Chutes
yesterday afternoon for picking the
pocket of F. G. Hartman. He was
caught in the act and Hartman's purse,
containing $10 15. was found in his
pocket. He was charged with grand
larceny.
God Is procured, and through her
watchful guidance over the destiny of
France and Frenchmen, the nation In
all Its national and Individual tribula
tions is guided on to victory and con
quest.
■\Yith this dual purpose of auppllea
tlon for country and Individual protec
tion against the world and its evils,
solemn high mass was offered up to
the throne of the patroness yester
day by tho priests of the church and
the French people of the city.
Mass was celebrated by the Rev.
J. Roman, S. M., who was assisted
by two associate priests of the same
order as deacon and sub-deacon. H.
Laveau, president of the Sanctuary
Socletv, acted as master of ceremonies.
Rev. K. A. Serves. S. S.. and Rev. J.
Brule. S. S.. from St. Patrick's Theo
logical Seminary at Menlo Park, occu
pied seats of honor in the sanctuary
immediately to the left of the high
altar.
The panegyric on the life of the
Virgin was pronounced In the French
language by Rev. J. Guthert. In it he
drew a vivid picture of the virtue.
ROYAL PRIZE
CANNOT BEAT
CONNEMARA
English Dog Carries
Off the Honors.
MIND YOUR EYE IS DEFEATED
BETTUra HEAVY ON ALL FAV
ORITES AT OraLZSIDE.
Dogs in Good Condition and the Hares
Exceedingly Fast — Snort-Eridera
Unable to Accomplish
Much.
The coursing at Ingleslde yesterday
touched the highest notch of expectation.
The weather was favorable, the crowd
was there and played their money freely.
As on Saturday, the favorites ha<i the
better of the game and little money was
risked on the shorteiiaers, i,o*An-^ta-.a
ing the odds In some cases were very
high. In the course between Miss Divi
dend and Mind Your Eye, a little money
was droppeu. The bettors clung to Mind
Your Eye, which was favorite, and raised
the odds to a 6 to 1 shot. When the
hounds left the slips the favorite led by
two lengths, and by clever work kept
on the hare. He made a final Jump for
the rabbit, but slipped and lost his bear
ings, and the other hound had the game.
Up to the disastrous slip the dog had
scored eight points while his mate had
none. Some of the sports cursed fate.
In the course between Connemara and
,Patria, the former dog took the first turn
on the outer circle by two lengths, show
ing his extraordinary speed. On the final
between Connemara and Royal Prize, the
bets were 2 to 1 in Connemara's favor.
The best run of the day was between
Hot Stuff and Forget. Its time was 1:55,
and Forget booked twenty-four points to
Hot Stuff's four. The winners were as
follows:
All-age stake— Deckleman & Panario's Pet
Kirby beat Captain Clarkson'a Lady Jane: H.
R. Baldwin's Forget beat O. L. Sears' Hot
Stuff; P. J. G. Kenna's Royal Buck beat J. E.
Doherty's White Rocket; J. Mumane's Mlsa
Dividend beat Bartels Bros. Mind Your Eye;
J. J. O. Kenna's Flyaway beat P. Hrophey's
Bentcia Boy; J. Dean's Connemara beat Lowe
& Thompson's Patrta; Bartel Bros. Rest As
sured beat A. Jlassey's Hadlwlst; D. Hooper's
Koolawn beat C. Strehl's Skylark: F. Moran'a
Royal Prize beat Henry Spring's Pat Malloy;
J. Dean's Oladiator beat M. Allen's Miss Alice;
Bartel Bros. Mac's Melody beat R. Julian's
8lgnal; Handy & Smith's Victor beat T. J.
Cronln's Maid of Ball; D. Ford's Bonlta beat
James Byrne's Semlnole; A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan beat James I. O'Brien's Sharkey; White
Earth Kennel's Mystic Maid beat J. Dean's
Mlalmo; A. Van Den Burgh's American Eagle
beat O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy; Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat C. F. Brown's
N'lda; Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady
beat R. Julian's Sweet Music: A. Massey't
Light foot beat T. Rodger's Olga, and J. She»
har.'s Lass o" Gowrie beat J. Murnane's I lash
lieht
Second round— Pet Kirby beat Forget; Roya\
Buck beat Mlfs Dividend; Connemara oest
Flyaway; Koolawn beat Rest Assured; Royal
Prize beat Oladiator; Mac's Melody beat Vic
tor; Bonlta boat Tod Sloan: Mystic Maid beat
American Kngle: Prince Hal beat Llghtfoot
and High Born Lady beat Lass o' Gowrie.
Thin} round— Royal Buck beat Pet Kirby;
Connemara beat Koolawn; Royal Prize beat
Mac's Melody: Mystic Maid beat HTgh Born
Lady, and Prince Hal bent Bonlta.
Fourth round— Connemara beat Royal Buck:
Royal Prize beat Mystic Maid and Prince Hal
ran a bye.
Fifth round— Cnnnemara beat Prince Hal and
Royal Prize ran a bye.
Final— Connemara bent Royal Prize.
THORNHILL WINS THE STAKE.
At Union Park the sport was exciting,
love and devotion of the Mother of
Christ; pointing out and emphasizing
the many blessings to be derived from
those who are willing to seek com
fort by holding a devout intercession
and communion, as it were, with her.
In honor of the celebration a spe
cially augmented choir chanted
Ganss' famous "First Mass" to the
accompaniment of, in addition to the
organ, an orchestra of professional
musicians. The lingers who assisted
are as follows: Soprano, Mrs. F. Gar
rissere; contralto, Mrs. O. Cadenasso;
tenor, J. J. Veaco; bass, "Wlliam
Henry.
At the ouertory Millard's "Avo
Marie" was rendered by Miss Jean
ette Plambeck. Immediately after
the elevation Gounod's "Communion"
was performed on the violin by Pro
fessor R. Laraja. During the prog
ress of the mass the organ accompani
ment was rendered by S. Martinez.
The services in honor of the feast
were concluded in the evening with
solemn high vespers and an address
by the Rev. Father Dubols, S. M.
and some good blood made Its appearance
In the field. Thornhlll beat Royal Fiush
on the finish and captured the prize, but
not without being given a hard tussle t>y
the other dog. The hares all ran well.
Wild Tratee made a rood showing, but
was left by Royal Flush in the sixth
round.
Following are the last rounds of the
day's round-up:
Second round—Las Palmae ran a bye; Syl
vanus beat Merced; Wild Tralee beat Irma;
Jersey Lily beat Little Delight; Montana bw.
Highland Ball; Thornhill beat Theron; Susie
beat Yon Cloie; Victor King beat Lorene;
Swtnnerton beat Right Bower; Blackette beat
Menlo; Wayfarer beat Acs of Clubs; Rusty Gold
brat The Devil; McKlnley beat Moonlight:
Rook Island Boy beat Firm Friend; Royal
Flush beat Trinket; Santa Alicia beat Magic;
Olenstone beat Joy Bells; Left Bower beat van
Knajip.
Third round— Sylvanus beat Las Palmas; Wild
Tralee beat Jersey Lily; Thornhill beat Mon
tana; Victor King beat Susie; Blackstone beat
Swlnnerton; Rusty Gold beat Wayfarer; Mc-
Klnley beat itoek Island Boy; Royal Flush
beat Santa Alicia: Left Bower beat Glenstone.
Fourth round— Wild Tralee beat Sylvanus:
Thornhill beat Victor Klngi Rusty Gold beat
Blackette; Royal Flush beat McKlnley; Left
Bower ran a bye.
Fifth round-Wild Tralee beat Rusty Gold;
Thornhill beat Left Bower; Royal Flush ran
a bye.
Kixth round— Royal Flush beat Wild Tralee;
Thornhill ran a bye.
Flnel-Thornhlll beat Royal Flush.
Kapllng stake, second round— Santa Rita beat
Miss ftlnhmond; Santiago beat Typhoon: Santa
Ana beat Winning Lass; Santa Inez beat Miss
Rabbit
The third round of the sapling- ("take wan not
run off. as the R. E. de R. L. kennels secured
first, second, third and fourth prizes.
DON CASTER A WINITEB.
Takes the Stake at Los Angeles Be
fore a Vast Assemblage of
People.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The coursing
at Agricultural Park to-day was well at
tended. The results were as follows:
First run off— Los Tunas beat Benerlno;
Fleetwood beat F and F; Ormonde beat
La Tosca; Grazer beat Princess Denmark;
Kentuckj- Girl beat Princess Moloch, a
bye; Libertine beat Reliance; Don Caster
beat New Home II; Lady Wallace beat
Rosewood; Mountain Belle beat Lady
Fred; Crow Dog beat May Day; Queen
J beat Fleetfoot; Lillle beat Clover Leaf;
Orpheum Lass beat Rag Baby; Uncle
Bam beat New Home; Kitty Scott beat
Maid of Erin; Home Rule beat Hard
Luck.
First ties— Fleetwood beat Los Tunas;
Ormonde beat Grazer; Libertine beat
Moloch; Don Caster beat Lady Wallace;
Mountain Belle beat Crow Dogr; Lillle
beat Queen J; Orpheum Lass beat Uncle
Sam; Kitty Scott beat Home Rule.
Second ties— Fleetwood beat Ormonde;
Don Caster beat Libertine; Lille beat
Mountain Belle; Kitty Scott beat Or
pheum Lass.
Third ties— Don Caster beat Fleetwood
and Klttie Scott beat Belle.
Final— Don Caster beat Kitty Scott; Lil
lie came in for third place.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOXEU •
H Jastro, Bakersfleld I C Barrett Aw. Minn
F O Watte. St Lake ! F Hartley, Auburn
W Coffmon, Chicago E D Taylor, Sacto
W Little. Ft Wayne IWI W E Smyth, N T
M Whitaker & w, Cal ; J J Campbell, Gait
0 Woodward & w, NY A H Denny, Gait
T Benson &w, N V J Mcßrlde. Etna
C Gross &w, NY Ij O Hicks, Fresno
T XV Heffron, Sacto IH XV Mulr, Portland
J Crumm.w&c, Sacto W McNane, S Miguel
G Williams, Oakland S N Laughlln, Cal
COG Miller, Sacto H G Melvln. Sacto
C Judson. Fruitvale A Oeden. Sonora
H E Miller, Oakland W F Knox, Sacto
H H Miller, Oakland J O'Neill, Sacto
G HouFken & w, Cal F T Berry, Sacto
E C Little. U S V G Hansken & w, Cal
W Suttelcalf, US V Miss Tracy, Stockton
C Michaels, Alamflda H L Morrow, Folsom
C Fleckeasteln. Cal J Thomnnn, Cal
J Kullman, tienlcla G Naher <fe y, . ■■--.>-i
A N Rlckert. Cal W H Roberts. Chicago
C X Woodruff. X V H Radin. Fresno
W Johnson, Fort Pt H Prindle, L Ang
J C Hechtman, Sacto W Buckley, Stockton
J H Landreth, Oakld J F Clapp, S Andreas
F Funstnn, Presidio R J Fisher, Ft Wayne
C R Summer. L Ansl
PALACE HOTEL.
P B 'Fraser, Stockton :P F Rldeout. Toronto
E M Hecht. Berkeley C H Gould, Sta Barb
1 Strauss, Yokohama ,'C S Bweetlar.d, R I
H A Allen. ChlcigJ C A Smith, Providence
C E Gross & w. .< V J Carroll. Seattle
F S Benson & w. N V W H Gorham, Seattle
F B Riley, Stanfoid C Stachelberg. w. N V
G R Carson, Stanford IS A Cox, London
W A Powning. Cal !J F Almqulst. Mail
H B Weller A w. Cal Ij Irving & w, N ?
H Heymann. Phlla E A Hlller, N V
W Davis, Kansas City W Robey, Alcatrai
E E Easton. Kan City I Hauser. Bi L-.u>«
P Ken-in, Virginia 'C Stern, Loj Anpelai
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Clark. Pan Jose F Stuart, St Loula
W Stell, Fowler IJ P Williams. Portlnd
S H Orlffln, Fresmo J O'Shaughnessy, Frsn
Sergt White. Sta Rosa W McCormack. Angels
A Holmes & w. Chico C M Murch. Red Bluff
S Hoy. Colfax Miss Murch, Red Bluff
J Mulroy. Palo Alto J X Sutton, S Diego
R S Spanlding, Stoekn P F Smith, Visalla
J D Ritchie. Sacto J Murdock. Sta Cru»
S F Murray, Kans Cty J D Thrown. tTkiah
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs O C Hopklne, Cal F Flak, Sacto
Mies L Hopkins. Cal C F McAllister. S Raf
H Heymann, NY EN Sharp. Walnut Gr
C M Hunter. Deming J L Crumpston, Mo
J Cain, Newman A S Adams, Mo
Mrp S Earhartt Napa N Raphael, Los Anff
D R Murphy, Sn Jose A F Glaser, Denver
G M Smith & w, Denvr F E Wadsworth, Yreka
S F Rose. V S N jC E Ely, St Louis
J Lamb, San Jose S J Welster & w, Cal
C Hardenberger. T* S N
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 18. .*.
K. T., OoMen Gate building, C25 Sut- *»■"
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- Fjj
ING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of the In
Temple will be conferred. All fraters »
are courteously invited. •
CHAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _J%_
ING. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. ySjK
By Instructions of the H. P. /▼'
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. ■
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1833 Fill- _JV _
moro st. Third decree THIS 'M^N-'JCX
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V>
order of the Master.
_ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- ,-lV_
DAY), October 24, 189$. nt 7:30 o'clock jLjf
p. m. Degree 2. By order of the r^r^
W. M. , L. SCHUMACHER, Sep.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior Mining Company,
In the Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill Ne- I
vada County, to deposit tailings in the North |
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy Kee, in the i
Fair Play mlna, near Scales, Sierra County, I
to deposit tailings In Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, in the Gravel
Hill or McCutchean placer mine, near Ne-
vada City. Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings In Little Deer Creek; and from Klmore
Rutherford, in the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County, to !
deposit tailings in Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice, that a meeting will be held at room 69,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel, 5650.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 848 3d st.
2 ACTIVE book j agents wanted male 'or fe-
male; big money. Apply 1203 Market st.
DR. MACLENN AN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. r 100 Halght st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the ', Oceanlo Steamship
Company (fifty cents ) er share) will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket. st., on and after Tuesday, November 1,
. 1898. Transfer books will close on. Wednes-
day, October 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. -
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
A LADY can always secure a first-class servant
by leaving her order with J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 318 Sutter nt. .
NEAT Danish girl desires situation at house-
work; good cook; 2 years last plaoe; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suttar st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; , best , references
MISS CULLEN, 325 3utter st. \
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or second girl or housework, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 323 . Butter st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation as cook
21* years' references. MRS. NORTON 813
Sutter st. ■ - ' ' -'.:■' ; ,-. -
SWEDISH second girl, strong and willing 115
to $20; references. MRS, NORTON, SIS Sutter.
AT the ■:> German - Employment • Office MRS
LAMBERT, i 417 Powell St.; tel. Main 6332-
help of all nationalities, *
STRONG woman: first-clues cleaner on carpets
| or any kind of work: is a fine laundress; car
fare paid; greatly In need of work. : 878 Jessie
st., room 2, downstairs. ;...; ■„•,.■
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BY respectable Protestant woman, situation
to 'do general housework; good cook and laun-
dress. Address 521 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes to go out
bj» the day, $1 50 day. Address 30 Willow
ave., off Larkln, between Eddy and Ellis.
COMPETENT girl' wishes a situation to do
general housework; references. Call 736 Myrtle
sti Oakland.
HOME wanted for a young girl, 13, able to
assist in housework, with privilege of attend-
ing school. Full particulars inquire 1030 Clay.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
housework; city or country; best references.
Call 1103 Powell st.
GIRL wants position to do light housework;
can furnish best of references; wages, $15.
B4x 641, t Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes, a position as nursery
go/erness; able to teach English branches and
German. Box 540, Call office.
YOUNG German girl, excellent seamstress, as
nuVse or lady's maid; first-class references.
1534 Jackson st.
TWO Danish girls wish to assist In housework
and take care of children. Call at 753 Folsom.
NEAT woman desires light or general house-
* work; wages $10 to $15. 1073M: Market, nr. Ttlv
BY «a lady from Canada, situation as house-
keeper or caretaker for an aged couple or
fHrtiilv of small children; city references.
Address MRS. TWEE DIE. 2414 Hyde st
rviTRIKNCEH nurse desires care of invalid
ik'iy low terms; faithful service. Address
MtfS. H., 426 O'Farrell
DRfSSMAKKR, stylish fit guaranteed; even-
in' dresses specialty; would like engage-
ment; $1 25 per day. Box 1308. j:all office.
REI'INED young woman would act as com-
panion cr assist in light work; small pay and
a pleasant home. Address box 131->. call.
SITIJATION working housekeeper; small fam-
ily- city or country. Call or address MRS.
K B. 715 Howard St., St. Davids House,
room 88.
DRESSMAKER; flrst-class; thoroughly corn-.
peient; goes out by the day in families. Ad-
dross 1478 Thirteenth St.
LADY of refinement wishes a place as house- !
keeper; fond of children; country or small
town preferred. Call at 1215 Geary st.
COMPETENT~g!rI wishes general housework;
Is a good cook; wages $25. Call at 3996 Arms'.
GERMAN woman wants day's work, at wash-
Ing, Ironing, cleaning or nursing. Call or
adTlress MRS. H. HEIDER, 642 Folsom st.
YOUNG German woman with a child wants a
position as housekeeper or general house-
work; country preferred. Call or address 14
Rondell place, off Sixteenth st.
SEWING of any kind by the day or at home;
babies' wardrobes; children's dresses. M.
KRAMER, 178 Clinton Park, between Thir-
teenth, Fourteenth and Valencia sts^
COMPETENT American woman wishes a sit- ;
uation to do general housework; a good cook;
wageo moderate. Address ANNE, box 1086.
CaIJL
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C, 1226 Stockton st
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« CalL
SuDScrlptlons and ads taken^
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. 'Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beat help. 414fr O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
WANTED— By a man to work for a private
family; can do all kinds of work; gardening,
horses, cows; willing and obliging; city or
country. Address H. M.. box 553. Call.
STEADY young man wishes a place to drive
milk wagon or team of any kind. Call or
adiress 608 Howard pt.
MIDDLE-AGED German man wishes situation
as night watchman; city references. 1609H
Cluy st.
YOUNG man wants position as plumber's
helper; 3 years' experience. Address T. C,
427 Athens st.
SITUATION wanted by American in a place
of trust; country or city; well experienced In
carpenter and cabinet work; understands care
of horses and lawns; best of references. Ad-
dn-ss box 1314. CaH office.
BRIGHT boy, 16 years, speaksr and writes
German and English, wishes position in
hardware or wholesale store or office; knows
city thoroughly. C. A. BENNER, Fruit-
vale station.
POSITION as foreman on ranch by responsible
man, 34 years old; for past 5 years has been
foreman on larsre stock and Train ranch; Al
references as to ability, integrity, etc. Ad-
drc-ss box 1085, Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; ex-
perienced cooks; capable of taking charge of
hotel or boarding hou3e; reasonable wages;
city or country. Address box 578. Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist; 30 years old; can
rurt all kinds of steam and gasoline engines,
also pipelining and repairing; references.
Address box 1303, Call office.
ENGINEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant j
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
BY & competent man, age 20, office work of any
kind; fair penman and quick at figures. A.
SMITH, Peralta Postofflee. Berkeley, Cal.
BOOKKEEPER, 32, desires position on ranch
or country, experienced; highest reference.
Box 1881. Call office.
JAPANESE housecleanlng. wash windows or
contract. 1503 Fillmore st. Tel. Steiner 231.
THOROUGH orchardist and nurseryman wants
work, pruning, etc. Box 1392. Call office.
SITUATION as hotel porter. Address box
1305, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 4i Third St.. near Mar-
ket. 200 rooms; 2T.c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
wet-k; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FOUR waitresses and chambermaids, $20 and
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl light housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French or Scandinavian maid
and seamstress. $2u. MISS CULLEN. 326
Sutter st.
NEAT refined girl, boarding house, wait at the
door, $12 per month; sleep home. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25; German chamber-
maid and seamstress, $85. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter st.
COOK, $35 to $40; cook, $30; 3 cooks, Jewish
families, $25 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St.
WAITRESS, private family, $25; 3 second
girls, $20 and $15; nurse, $20; housework,
Modesto, $20, and other towns; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut- |
ter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German or Scandinavian
woman aa housekeeper, country, $35. MISS
CULLEN, 385 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, San Rafael, $30, 2 In fam-
ily; laundress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, $25; country hotel chambermaid and
waitress. $15. same house, fare paid. MISS
Ct'f-LEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $25 to $30, see j
lady hero, MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH cook. $35; French maid. $25; Amerl- j
can second girl and sew, $15 to $20; 3 German ;
cooks, $30 and $25; 10 Scandinavian and llGer- ■
man girls for general housework, city and
country, $23 and $20; 40 girls for housework
and assist, $10. $„ and $15; nurse girl, play
with baby, $5 and good home; all-round girl
for the springs, see party here, $20. C. R.
HANKEN & CO., 104 Geary st
A — EXPERIENCED governess, English ;
branches, German and music; travel Europe;
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary gt.
3 COOKB. boarding houses, $30; 10 waitresses
for hotels and restaurants, city and country,
$20 and $25; ironer, laundry, country, $35. C.
H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt^^
HOUSmaD-EPBR, $15; Swedish housekeeper,
$20; cook, $30; second girl. I3PI nui>e, |l»:
young nurse girl $10; nv.ddle-aged woman
as housekeeper, $12; 6 huuseg.ds. *25 each;
10 housegirls, $20 each; cook, J25; h usegl 1.
Ban Rafael, $25. see party he e; Iv usegtr ,
Alameda, $20; Oakland, $20. MPS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st,
2 CHAMBERMAIDS and waitresses, cooks and
general housework girls: also young girls for
Tight housework. 10T3>>« Market st., near
Seventh; employment office. __^
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
WJd girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
1 arkin st,
AT the Employment Office, MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell St.; help of all nationalities to fill
various positions.
IRISH-CATHOLIC girl for the Sisters, $15 to
$20. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st,
WANTED— Reliable girl, with references pre-
ferred, to mind baby and assist with light
housework; wages $10. Apply 1807 Scott st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework
and cooking-; four adults; small washing. Ap-
ply after 10 a. m. at 457 Guerrero st.
WANTED— Experienced finishers on lined jack-
ets. DAVIDSON £. MILLER. 731 Market.
WAN TED— Small girl for light housework ;
sleep home. 2021 Fifteenth St.. near Market.
HELP WAKTED-Contlnned.
YOUNG German girl about 15 years to assist
with light housework and care of children.
Call in the afternoon at 228A McAllister st.
PHYSICIAN requires a young lady medical
graduate (Protestant) for a sanitarium. Peld-
mont, box 624. Call office. • ■- ■
ELDERLY woman for light housework In ex-
change for good home. Apply 617A Natoma
St., after 12 o'clock. .: ■ .-■■ • •
WANTED— colored woman; must be
good cook; willing and obliging. 239 Post
St., room 4. • • •
GIRL to assist in light housework small fam-
ily. 1534 Ellis st.
IMPROVER and apprentice wanted at dress-
making. 625 Golden Gate ave..
GIRL to do general housework; references re-
quired. 1622 McAllister st.
PLAIN sewers at ladies' tailor. 404 Larkln at.
WANTED— Apprentices on dressmaking. 337
Eddy st.
GIRL for light housework; small family;
wages $8. SOS Filbert st.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework.
1217 Webster st. .
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 14*
Fifth st. .
WELL recommended girl for light housework;
wages $10. Apply 1814 Scott st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $10.
Call at 4327 Twenty-third st.
MARIE MULLER, the cook, please call 113
Taylor st. ; ■
LITTLE girl to take out baby at 412 McAllis-
ter st. ; flat 4. ' . '
YOUNG girl for light housework. 631 Green St.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom pants;
steady work; good pay. HIM Kearny St. •
WANTED— young girl to mind baby and do
light housework. Call at 1038 Howard at
WANTED— GirI for housework and cook for
small family; $10. 9 Clay st.
GOOD finisher on good custom coats at one*.
K., 518 Howard st.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market St., room 623. .
YOUNG girl to watt at table, restaurant. 233
Sixth st. ■_ ■
NEAT girl to assist with housework; sleep
home. 1917 Webster St.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for downstairs work;
must be a good cook. .1130 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
sleep at home. FRANCES, 704 Sutter st.
STRONG girl; general housework, plain wash-
Ing and cooking; after S a. m. 1511A Howard.
GIRL for housework; American • family of 3;
wages $25; small washing. 631 Larkln St.
SEWERS on ladies' wrappers and waists.
MARCH BROTHERS. 1212 Market st.
NEAT elderly woman. Catholic, as house-
keeper; small flat; girl 3 years. Box 1391, Call.
3 GLOVE salesladies; 1 operator overstltch ma-
chine. Apply Wednesday morning. vv. M.
SMITH, 128 Post st.
APPRENTICE and errand girl, both paid, and.
girl for general housework; one speaking
French preferred. Call Monday a. m., bet. 9
and 12. MRS. HOWARD. 823 Sutter st.
TAILORESS on coats. Call this morning. 1064%
Howard st. ___________
WANTED— Lady private secretary and cash-
ier In professional office; small capital re-
quired. Room 20. 12 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. 376 San
Jose ave. ;
WANTED— Lady private secretary and cash-
ier 'n professional office; small capital re-
quired. Room 21, 12 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post
LEARN sewing at KKISTER'S; good positions;
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LIEBES _ CO.. 137 Post st.
NEAT young girl for general housework to
a couple one who sleeps at home preferred.
Apply from 8 to 12 a. m., upper flat, H>2«
Stelner st. ' -*- ■ ' ' - .* . .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework: small
family; country; refs. 2107 Pine St.. a. m.
HELP WANTED— MAM-:.
WANTED — 2 ranch teamsters, $25; farmers. $15
and $20; dairyman, $20; 2 quarrymen, $30 ar.d
found; 4 coopers, $30 and found; 40 laborers,
$1 75 and $1 day and board; 4 men to clear
land, $25 an acre; drift gravel miner, $40 and
board; 5 coal miners, $1 ton; 5 laborers and
woodsmen, $1 60 day and board; young man
to learn fruit packing, and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— butler, $40; tamala
maker, $25 and found; second cook, restaur-
ant, $15 week; cook, $7 week; oysterman, $35;
hotel and restaurant cooks, $25 and $40; cook
and wife, $45; dishwashers, porters and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S Employment
Agency, 104 Geary st.
Office open Monday, 7 a. m ;..
WANTED
Laborers and teamsters. Coast road, free
fare .'.«• ••■• * •
Laborers and teamsters, mountain railroad.
7 muckers, benchmen and headersmen. $2
to $2 75 a day, long Job ••
10 quarrymen, $2 a day, steady w0rk........
10 laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day.....
4 coal miners, $1 a ton, see boss here.......
5 laborers for a sawmill in Oregon, $26 and
board, fare advanced, see boss here.....;.
3 laborers for a limekiln, $1 a day and
board, see boss here ......".
6 men to grub land; $25 an acre
5 woodchoppers, Sacramento County, $1 60
a cord....
15 woodchoppers, Sonoma County, 75c for
redwood, $115 for pine..... .....
S carpenters, framework, city. $2 25 a day:
carpenter and upholsterer, country hotel, $25
and found; ratchet setter. $35 and board;
milker, $25; farmers, 320; 2 choremen, $15 and
$10. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., lOt Geary at.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel, $50;
second cook, $40; third cook, $25; dishwasher,
$30; a male maker, $25 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. • ,
WAITER for the springs, $22 50, fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter, $30. country hotel. C. R. HAN-
SEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
THREE laborers for a sawmill, Nevada Coun-
ty, $1 a day and board. C. K. HANSKN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ' ,
CHIROPODIST. C. ft. HANSEN * CO.. 104
Geary st. : ■
SECOND cook, $55; third cook. $46; kitchen
hands C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104. Geary at.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY * READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.Want Monday. 7 a. m
• 264 more men tor Arizona ..._.,..,..,....,
Sti farm hands $26. $25 and $20 and found
4 milkers ......$2O * nd $3»
3 choremen for ranches.. s2o and $15 and found
56 teamsters, railroad work
64 laborers, railroad work
95 woodchoppers $150 and 91 oord
' 84 tie makers 8c to lie each
MURRAY & READY.
tt , 634 and 63« Ciaj at.
GROCERY clerk, country store, $15 and in-
crease; age lit to 26 year.. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
SAUSAGE maker, country shop; learn butch-
er's trade. $25 - and found. MURRAY „
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
BUTCHER, restaurant, near city. $40 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st, . - . ■ ■ ' '" v
I PORTERS, city and country hotels. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. .
BARTENDER, country. $30 and found; barber,
country; German gardener. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ■
C00K5.;...,.., Walters •• D ish washers
3 hotel cooks $50, $35 and $30 and found
3 restaurant cooks: $7. $3 and $10 week
Cook for ranch,:..,.,...,-,-- $35 and found
Young man for country bakery, .s2n and found
5 waiters, restaurants and hotels... s3o and $25
4 dishwashers .... ::: . L;H $ 20 A and $15 and found
Mt'RRAx & HhADY,
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. «34 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Paetry cook and baker, $60 i pastry
cook and assist cooking, 1 $50; butcher, $40.
waiter, $35; waiter' assistant, $20 and $25;
laundry-man . for institution, $30; washer for
laundry. $35: pantryman. $20; vegetableman.
$15; disnwasner, $2;'.; •' teamster for vineyard,
$20, etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st,
WANTED— Respectable Catholic man as nurse
in an institution near city at $20 per month,
with board, lodging and washing; second
cook for mine, $25; 16 men to chop wood, tools
and provisions advanced; ' farmers.- milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. IX
i EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
OERMAN gardener, country, $26; 4 farmers
$20; 10 laborers for quarry, $1 75 a day : «
scraper teamsters, $1 60 a day; 10 wood-
choppers;, man to rent saloon in country ho-
tel. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
ASSISTANT coachman, $15 per i month and
r found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— or white boy 14 years old
to run elevator; .. $1 50 per week and board.
239 Post St., room 4. ■ •• - ■
SEAMEN and ordinary deep water and coast-
' Ing.'. 10 Bteuart ' st. ; office upstairs.
BOY li years to learn printing. P : J. SHIN*
. 425 Commercial st., after 9 o'clock.HEL- WANTED— Continued.
■.Trr^'-fj.-D— Man to wait at table and make
sbedg; wages $20. Southwest corner Bay and
Webster sts.
toiTnG man to~~walt at table, $4 a week,
at table, $4 a week,
board and room. 3)3 East St.
rTRBER. young man; must be good shaver;
r state wages. Box 527. Call office. __
PAINTERS wanted. Call at 1452 Fulton st.,
* ::30 a. m. ■ - .
HARBER wanted— 39H Turk Bt. ■£
WANTED— A bootblack. 431 Kearny Bt.
WANTED— A good eoatmaker for the country
Call at REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st. —
WANTED— Dishwasher, $10 per month and
room ; call early. 1407 Valencia st.
H »TBLACK wanted at 141 Ellis st.
liISHWASHER wanted to assist wait at lunch
_ counter. Corner Lyon and Greenwich 6ts.
DISHWASHER. 43$ Third St.
WANTED— A eoatmaker. 5M Kearny Bt., room
1, ipstalrs.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. SO3 Montgom-
• ry st.. room 6, third floor; convenient place.
TAILORS— First-class cutter; must be practi-
cal i:ian; state experience. H., box 529, Call.
WAITER wanted. 29 Fourth st.
WANTED— A lunch cook in saloon. 652 Fourth
tt.; call early.
\V.\XTED-A eoatmaker to work inside. 411&
Ktarny st.
WANTED— painters at 7 a. m. 224^ Fifth st.
j^V^ERLY man to do chores around a bakery.
■ Folsom e>t.
WANTED— Good waiter for restaurant; wages
$25. 103 Seventh st.
FITTING-ROOM to rent for tailors; nice bright
light. 411V» Kearny st., top floor.
GOOD cook wanted. 432 Fifth si.
STRONG young -boy for furniture store;- refer-
ences. 121 Sixth st.
KECRUITS- wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, "who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read . and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
TO. go — Another lot, 200 pairs men's
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from 25c
to $1. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second
sts. ; open all day Sunday; call early.
SHOEMAKER understanding hard sewed
work;.l man on nail work. 841 Broadway,
Oakland.
COAT, pants, vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROTHERS, 24 Sutter st.
TWO young men interested in shortl to dis-
tribute tlrculars. Rm. 29, Mercantile Library.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 i Mission I
Et.. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c a id 250 per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 21T Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; re- employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 Tth; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED-^2O laborers at Bay andLeavenworth
pts., city.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $16. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 56; men's
solelng, 55c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, See.. 325 Grant ave.; tel. Crrant 136.
MFN and women to learn barber tra '.e at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SH Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due lathers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Gutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen Tinted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 2Sc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenter* coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. _ Steuart.
FIXi ; ' rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75 and $1
week. LlnJell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
VriNC'H'RSTETriTouse. '44 Third St., near Mar-
.." ket; )M rooms, 2i,c night; reading room; free
<i ' bus and bagcage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
■ Call-, in wrapper, for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results."
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plate-., maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wante.l. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINOTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
FIRST-CLASS agents, ladles or gents; excel-
lent proposition. Room '.<. 14 McAllister St.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty: Jnst In. Greater Weat Advertising _
Novelty Company, 1156% Washington St.. Oak-
lar.l.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED^FIrst-class sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the best opening on this
coast: must have some money. Address or
r-all at 2223 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room with carpet and
curtains; must be central and sunny. Box
'-'. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— S nice rooms, partly furnished; 1 cr
2 bookcases; carpets; closets; bath: hot and
cc!j -water; stove for housekeeping; central;
reasonable. , Box 528, Call office.
~ WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
EOLII)ITY~coupllE8r outfit and leather roller.
A^.ress H., box 7. Call office. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand., 109 Montgomery st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALES.
H. Cr"I)ECKER, ■ _, -, r --~j-
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH
■ _-roo_ house; only * }in
21 ms; corner; clears $150 *
• 46-room house; corner «*»{
14 rooms; clears $100 °00
19-room boarding house I™JJ
40-rocm house; only. $150 cash 4«0
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 7..0
26' moms en Mission; new l««jO
4*-room _ooae; corner 16tw
Tt rooms; nvar City Hall 500
i6 rooms; clears $200 1500
60 rooms; clears $100: only 70 2
10 room*; ail rented: business street 108
& rooms; on Market: clears $200 600
23 room-;, new. furniture; clears $150 1000
100 rooms: corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL BEFORE BUYING; CAN SUIT YOU.
I have honest clerks to wait on you.
H. C. DECKER.
.1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell st.; clears $75
month; all new furniture; snap
48 rooms; north of Market St.; fine.. $1200
76 rooms: select; transient; corner 3500
18 rooms; rent $30 : ; 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 1150
.10 rooms; all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON as
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF HO! BE
• F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
fL W. ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for B. C. DECKER).
A— Kredo & Co 22Vi Geary «t.
Money Advanced on .All Bouse*
f.3 rooms; bent corner on 6th tW)O
48 rooms; good, location for business 2000
i- Bins: fine corner; clears $100 1100
U Doms; good corner; transient Sf-0
11 rooms; cost $1500; a snap at 750
10 rooms; nice house; clears $40 550
A— s6oo; 23 rooms;, monthly receipts $115; rent
_J4.'; Rood furniture. Kredo & Co., 22& Geary.
A— JCOO; 37 rooms: centrally located; clears $150
__month; snap. KREDO A.- CO.. __ Geary st.
$1100; M rooms; fine corner; clears $150; $500
cash, balance time. Kredo _ Co., 22V4 Geary.
A— $1000; boarding; 16 elegantly furnished rooms;
' no rent; $600 cash, balance time. Kredo & Co.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175 18 rooms; fine $550
_ r00m5.... 250 20 room*; *nap....i. 600
37 rooms 700 60 rooms 1250
.National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
JUST completed lodging house of 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor; southeast corner of
Sixth and Shipley sta.
TO .. II _ at "-r ,r nlshe<l iodKing house, 70 rooms,
Call office Cge ° f buyln central. Box 556.
i ■I.<;i.\(;-ii( „ ,20 ™°™*- on Second
st. Call at. 81 N «t. ; no agents.
FOR BALE--Furnltur.- 9 rooms;' quiet, clean,
always full; no agents. 313% O'Farrell st.
12 DOUBLE and elngle hardwo»d beds, springs
and mattresses; clean; $5 each. Box 886. Call.
I^ BOARDING - HOTJSH of 10 room*. 628
__Bl T STrESS CHANCES.
wmwm
_PheS^bulWing '
■tiipiiiiii
iHum
'KJ^w Wlth llvin * rooms established
be -nfd^t between Bhops and factories; must
cnlv jm « ™ nC^ on » Mount of sickness; rent
kpt st month - M. LESS & CO., 765 Mar-
' B fa^?™ NTR L saloon : most prosperous in-
£«.« t f I wn of State; county seat; leading busi-
nesß In be st . possible location; satisfactory
proof furnished: nothing in this line can
come, near It. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
**?°~?r ORI ? ER Grocery and bar in fine locality;
cash register and safe; here is a place that
Is worth $1000. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
$200— SALOON^ few doors from Market; large
stock; owner selling account retiring from
_ business. Apply M. LESS & CO., 766 Market.
SALOON and lunch house, 9 furnished
rooms, among factories downtown; furniture
included. M. LESS A C0., : 765 Market.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market st. ; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
ILKE & TJNFUct. 906 Market st.
$2000— HOTEL in this city; established many
years; occupied and patronized by mechanics
and clearing above $150 per month; 34 nicely
furnished rooms; dining hall and good pay-
ing bar; rent $75. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st.
-A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$450— SALOON, cigar stand and 7 furnished
rooms; good buslnesss location; side entrance.
. Mclaughlin. & co., 777 Market st.
$325— RESTAURANT; bargain to-day; account
departure for Europe. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777. Market Bt.
CIGAR stand on Market St., satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st. ~ ■>■;'
$1000 — SALOON in prosperous country town;
retiring cause of sale. McLXUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
$1800— SALOON on Market St. McLAUGHLLN
& CO., 777 Market St.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
A— ssooo; DRUG store across the bay; elegantly
fitted and well stocked; receipts $1200 month-
ly; no competition. KREDO & CO., 22*4 Geary.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, laundry
office; $16 daily; must sell. KREDO & CO..
22H Geary st.
$700; GROCERY and bar; fine corner; West-
ern Addition; value in stock; $20 daily; snap
for man and wife. KREDO & CO., p 22Vi Geary.
A— sl3oo; ROAD house, near city; 20 furnished
rooms; 36 acres; highly Improved; $1000 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary st.
A— WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
PAYING delicacy store. : 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex., 7 Grant ave.
WE have a purchaser for one-half interest in
a paying business. National Agency, 7 Grant.
FAMILY liquor store and bar for sale; good
location; new fixtures: doing a paying busi-
ness. Royal Eagle Distilleries Co., 112 Taylor.
PARTNER with small amount of money; great
opportunity for right party. Call from 11 to
2 at 111 Eddy St., room 6.
FOR. — Barber shop, on -account of other
business. 227 Second st., Montgomery Hotel.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar; good busi-
ness. Filbert and Laguna sts.
NOTICE is hereby given that the partnership
heretofere existing between M. LESS and
C. M. THOMSON, under the firm name of
M. LESS & CO., was on October 20, 1898, '
dissolved, and that C. M. THOMSON Is no
longer connected with said firm, or with said
M. LESS.
$225 IF sold at once; saloon close to Market St.,
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place' has . a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG, SOS Market st.
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of good businesses for sale. EITEL.
1016 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; fine location; reason-
able rent; clears $150 per month. PAUL
D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor, Mills bldg.
BAKERY— OId. established: good business: good
location: excellent chance for right party.
Apply 6W. cor. Mason and Chestnut sts.
FOR SALE; — restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Box 1304. Call.
FOR SALE— First-class grocery and bar at a
sacrifice; owner leaving city; make offer.
Inquire at 641 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— Master Stevedores'to pay off their
men in place nicely fitted up for the pur-
pose. Apply 23 East st.
SHOE shop for sale cheap. 1315 Mission street.
PARTNER; man or lady cashier; will
clear $100 a month and board. 605 Clay st.
UNITED STATES laundry route, horse and
new wagon. Apply 1059 Howard st.
GROCERY and store, 8358 Howard St.; must
be sold on account of sickness. . . .'
FOR SALE— A . good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wieland Brewery.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, station-
ery cigars and notions; 3 living rooms; deliv-
ery wagon if wanted; best bargain ever of-
fered. Call 1004 Polk St.; no agents; rent $15.
COOPER shop, horse and wagon. 310 Fremont
St., S. F. Inquire 529 Broadway, Oakland.
SHOEMAKING business for sale. 638 Market
St., in basement. ■
AT a Sacrifice— One of the best located res-
taurants in Oakland; has been run by the
present owners for nine years; .clears $250 per
month; first-class trade; owners retiring on
account of other business in S. . F. For par-
• ticulars M. L. WURXS. 17th and Bdwy, Okld.
GOOD butcher business at a low figure;. excel-
lent location: a good tenant wanted: nrst-
- class Inducements to right man. Apply to
A. R. D. Jr., 1457 Webster St., Alameda.
COFFEE, tea and spice, solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale Bt. '■ ■
$150— COFFEE and restaurant: not' far from
city. For particulars inquire at Call office.
A bargain If wold at once.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24' Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
' per week and month. ■_
tv<?trUCTlON— Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin etc. THE MISSEff LANE. 3941 Twenty-
fourth St., near Sanchez.
TTKTVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. Fel-
low in^Mathematics, U. C. 7407 S. Atnerton.
nr^Channlng way.Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, rnln-
£,» m /.|.h survey, assay, archlt.; day& eve.;
l«f.' 1864 VAN NAILLEN. 933 Market.
mm¥~a"nnTs^MONTAOUE TURNER vocal
lnrtractlon_____ct. na__al_n e thod_3o_Bush.
igHf^^__l______^^!
"^^V.g M^ h ffian B^^-h e
— "attorneys at law. £
~rrrr^r~7MT~^>n~~aTrieg:al matters. J.B.
EVANS. U McAllister -t.. next Hlbernla
_ T^rt_w~ and Collection Office; advice free.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market t room 7.
r E PETERS, attorney ana counselor-at-law,
C 4C I Montgomery rt.. room 18- .
sf___g_|ggs_i g_aa~
TrvvtciF7ree" r^o charge unless successful. W.
A w £a vintfQN *»■ > I>irk<tt ■_*•
~r, . BICYCLES.
" TYPEWRITERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. I
AN elegant 12-room and bath residence; all
sunny; fine view. 1914 Clay st.. near Frank-
lin. SPECK & CO.
BAY-WINDOW house of 6 sunny rooms, suit-
able for 2 families, $13. 30 Sllver__
BRODERICK, 1515, near Sutter— 7 eunny
rooms; bath; basement; laundry; large yard;
water.
GOOD 4-room house, $8. 1023 Cypress st., be-
tween 25th and 2Gth, Capp and Howard.
HICKORY ave., 182, near Gough St.— 3 large
sunny rooms; nice yard; hall; rent $8.
20- MARY, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 SO. I
OLIVE ave., 113, near corner of Polk and
Ellis; $25; 7 rooms and bath.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house. 14 to IS rooms;
cheap for caeh. Address box 1390. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A^CO3SY~?-room, bath; nice yard; cottage; $12.
At SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market Bt.
SUNNY cottage, 5 large rooms; large yard and
stable: cheap rent. 726 Willow ave., off Bu-
chanan st.
2 COTTAGES, 5 rooms, sunny side; rent $11.
Apply 2100 Greenwich st., corner Webster.
2 COTTAGES, 3 and 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
Apply 2643 Bryant ave., near Twenty-fifth st.
$6— SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms; 21 Roscoe Bt., off
Crescent ave. Apply at 64 Silver, off Third.
$15— 6-ROOM cottace; bath; basement and
yard. 8417 Clay Bt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE flats, 3 and 4 rooms, near Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, $10. At SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
A — FOUR rooms nice clean flat, near Mason
and Kills sts., $15. At SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market St.
CHOICE sunny flats, 6 rooms; 2 sunny cot-
tages. 4 rotmis; modern imp.; thoroughly ren-
ovated. 2506 Howard st.. bet. 24th and 25th.
CLAYTON, 572. south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DYKEMAN place, off Mason st., near O'Far-
rell— Nice flats, 4 rooms, $15; downtown.
FOLSOM, 937— Upper flat 5 rooms; $12; key sec-
ond floor. Inquire at 921 Howard st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1138, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAYES. 33!»— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
sci.ptions and ads taken.
LLOYD, 26A and 258, between Scott and De-
vlsadero— Two flats; $15 and $19. Apply 800
Halght st.
LOVELY lower flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard; rea-
sonable. 3570 Seventeenth st.
ON sunny side Cedar ave., off Larkln St., be-
tween Post and Geary; nice cozy flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent very reasonable. Ai-ply
at 929 Sutter st., near Hyde.
RENT reduced to $12 each; 536A Sixth St.; 1
flats, E rooms, bath; 4 rooms; hall; mantle;
folding doors; large yards.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY upper flat; 4 rooms, bath; $10. 620
Noe st.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $10.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of 6 rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
TO Let— 2 small flats of 6 rooms. Apply 542
Halght st.
TURK, 1505-1509, near Steiner— Nice flats; 6 and
6 rooms and bath; $1S and $15.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$15 — LOWER flat, 5 rooms; porcelain bath and
basement; $ISj top Sat, C rooms; porcelain
bath and basement. 16 Oumbfrlnnd St.. off
Guerrero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
2 NEW gunny modern fiats, 4 rooms, bath,
each; 613Vs Grove st. and 1421 Hayes st. ; $15
each.
$B— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
ave., near Twenty-fifth st.
$10— LOWFR flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ave.
I J-ROOM flat, with bath; $22 60, 5-room
top flat. 125 Ash ave., bet. Polk, Van Ness.
McAllister and- Fulton.
$14— SHIPLEY, 287, near Sixth— Flat of S rooms
and bath.
$17 — UPPER flat. 6 rooms. 18 John St., near
Powell, between Juckson and Pacific.
$17— SIX rooms and bath; —ater free. 171S
Lf_venworth ft. : sunny rooms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $11 per month; suitable for
3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second sts.
AT Polk, 522 — Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dow suites: gas or wood; $12 to $15.
EDDY, 628—3 elegantly furnisned sunny hkpg.
rooms; parlor floor; modern; private: ref.
EDDY, 915— Furnished or unfurnished connect-
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; prl.
ELLIS, 532— Four sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4.
ELLIS, 639. corner Larkin— Sunny alcove; gas
stove; other rooms; $12 up.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished, housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kithoen, $20; also 3, $12; single, $5 and $6.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant sunny back parlor;
suites, double, single; privilege light house-
keeping; reasonable.
GEARY. 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all neces-
saries.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
front rooms, first floor; also housekeeping.
HOWARD, Sos'i— funny furnished back and
front rooms; hot and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 1068 — Newly furnished punny rooms,
single or en suite; also rooms for hskplng.
JKPSIE, 439. between Fifth and Sixth— 3 sunny
connecting rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; $14.
T.AHKTH place, 5, below Bay. off Mason— A
pleasant furnished room for light housekeep-
ing; rent $4; lady preferred.
LEAVENWORTH, 1222—3 connecting rooms
for housekeeping; yard, gas, grate; unfur-
nished or partly furnished; reasonable: refs.
MINNA, 4.'9, near Sixth— l-argf nii-ely fur-
nished front room; light housekeeping.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
ruHp; gas; water; $12; single.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms; separate entrance; $10.
OCTAVIA. 155— Beautiful parlors; $12; or two
unfurnished rooms; cheap.
POLK. 60S, near Eddy— 3 or 4 unfurnished sun-
ny hkpK. rooms: private family; fine location.
PROPPECT pi.. 128, off Cal., bet. Powell and
Stockton— Room A kitchen, complete, $7; pri.
SEVENTH, 262— Large sunny housekpg rooms;
complete; private house; large yard; $10 & |9.
SEVENTH, 305—2 large sunny rooms, complete
for hkpg; running water; reas.; prl. German.
SIXTH. 4?o— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also others.
TAYLOR, 238 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
THE Piedmont, 119A Sixth St.— » or t rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— 2 or 8 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping^
WASHINGTON, So2— Housekeeping rooms; all
convenances; running water.
$15—3 NICE rooms, complete for housekeeping;
private family. Apply at 11 S8 Noe st.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 62 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk. $1 to $2 50; day 26c to SOc.
ARLINGTON House, IS7 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 1049 A Market — Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences: reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
CLEVELAND, 12, oft Seventh, below Folsom—
Kitchen and bedroom unfurn; sink, porch; $5.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $8. «10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Nice sunny rooms; cheap and good;
also for housekeeping^
GEARY. 14A— Neatly furnished pleasant rooms;
week or month; $6 to $10 per months
GEARi' 402— Juat opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY 406 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GLOB_ House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 917A— Large sunny room;
one or two persons.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor.. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HOWARD, S74— Sunny furnished rooms; cheap;
and one inside room.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and sigle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
LEAVENWORTH, 510— Two large sunny front
furnished rooms; rent reasonably
LITTLE PALACE, 23 and 25 Third St.— Snow-
white rooms, white gaslights, $2 to $4 week.
MARKET, 1007^4— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
MINNA, 571B — Nice sunny room, suitable for
1 or 2; everything clean; $6.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Nfwly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 759— Three nice sunny rooms; house-
keeping or single.
OCTAVIA, 155— Handsome sunny parlors; $12
to $14.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 427— Sunny furnished single
rooms, $10 up; private house. Mrs. J. King.
O'FARRELL, 553— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms; single or double.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, li>2, near Howard iQlrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 144— Newly furnished house; single or
en suite; also 3 elegant housekeeping rooms.
SHOTWELL, 121— Sunny furnished front room
and bath; $3 50 per month.
TAYLOR. 1100— Elegantly furnUhed suite for 1
or 2 gentlemen; Bingle rooms.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St.. opp. Oough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 132, corner Jones— Two large nicely
furnished sunny rooms.
TURK, 305— Furnished hall bedroom. $5; also
front parlor, furnished or unfurnished, to suit.
VALENCIA, 295—2 sunny corner rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; water, bath, etc.
VAN NESS, 400 — Elegant sunny double parlors,
unfurnished: furnish for permanent parties
ROOMS AND BOARD.
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike: terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-328 Grant ave.—
Rooms SOc up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board. $40 up; single, $20 up.
LADY, with piano, will give lessons In return
for room. Address box BS2, Call office.
O'FARRELL, T42— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking: $20 up.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Sunny furnlphed suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
STORES TO LET.
COR. ptore. 2>22 Mission; 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2538 Mission st.
BRIGHT and light: 7 City Hall sq.. cor. Mar-
ket st.; suitable for any business; rent $15.
LARGE ptore with living rooms and stable;
No. 1 grocery and bar; low rent, $20. NW.
corner of Douglass and Elizabeth sts.
$15— NICE little store; 226 Ellis st. Apply next
door to Jeweler.
OFFICES TO LET.
I MMA BPRECKELS building. 927 Market St. ;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $1J 56
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 218.
STABLES TO LET.
T' 1 let Stable, with wagon room. 1118 Harri-
pon st.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall ;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $6. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invaliilß, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; bablt-s adopted; travelers treated 1 no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
st;; pills. $1: very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant ave., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In onp day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $."; travelers helped instantly:
consult free: confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French' pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2 60. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. ISfi Second at.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the came price;
it is thin as paper; full set of teeth, $5;
crowns, $3; fillings, SOc up; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed: extracting free when plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR-
LORS, corner Market and Mason ats. En-
trance 8 Maeon st. ; phone South 781.
A FCLL set of teeth, $»; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
!SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold. $1 up: silver, 25c
up; bridges : plates repaired; all work paln-
leFs and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved brldgo work or teeth with-
out platp, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell »t.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $." up; fillings, 2f>c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR LTIDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st^
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1-^2O MfirkPt st.
LOST.
LOST— On Tuesday night' last from 92J Illinois
St., Potrero, a rough haired, yellow
slut, heavy In pup. Reward will be given
to any person giving such information as will
lead to Its recovery. Apply at 922 Illinois st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Bociety of San Francisco, In the
name of AUGUSTUS F. GODDARD, No. 185-
1222. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EMMA MALEDON, No. 187-1528. The
finder will pleass return to bank.
CERTIFICATE No. 284 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad.
Issued to A. G. RT'SB, has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. Q. RUS3. 201 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'B Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to 5. W7
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnptock & Lubin's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
STORAGE.
PIERCE -RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Com-
pany. Office 401 Post St., corner Powell; t«I.
Main 5713. ,
PERSONALS.
THERE Is plenty of room at LEDERER'S
Hair Dressing Establishment, no crowding;
22 artists to dress your hair in the most cor-
rect form, any, style costs 25c only.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the best Hair Tonic,
should be used as daily hair wash, 35c bot-
tle, 11l Stockton st. __.
GEORGE MAYERLE. expert optician, German
Optical Institute, 1071% Market st., near Sev-
enth; formerly 28 Third st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment, $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th.. Oakld.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, -capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
233 TAYLOR— GRAY, dressmaking; la-
dies' suits reasonable; dresses made, over;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rms. 14-15.
££. CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism: all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses ail diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. FORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 50c;
gents $1; palm & clair.; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told with cards. 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hu»-'
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
M'IRITUALIS3I.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, 'medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate .and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton St.
THE Witches Own Dream Book, 178 pages of
dreams and what they mean. Sent by mall
on receipt of 2.V. Address S. HALL, 1203
Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St., room 3.
MRS. SEELEY FLOWER test meeting. 1133
Mission St.; tests to all, 10c.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 ami |
$.>. > per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. j
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2$ and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR $250 we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered in this city: guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building; terms to
suit the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 560 Hayes st.
BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
erlng, Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. .769 Market St.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,'
Brlggs an- other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310, 312 Post St.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
$60 UPRIGHT piano; good tune; fgr sale on I
$5 Installments. 1115 Post St.
$90 Elegant Emerson piano: bnrgain. Schmltz,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank. ,
AN elegant Stelnway, upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness ave.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights. $73 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Ft. ; ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every desoription at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
' harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade . Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers, j
ONE carload of good work and driving horses;
cheap. J. FORRESTER. 426 Valencia st.
JUST arrived — 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
. Ing horses. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— Every Sunday ' for several weeks,
twelve two and fouT-horse coaches and dri-
vers. Box 539, Call office.
COUNTRY leather top Landau, 6-passenger
wagonette, physician's coupe and ■ falling |
front Brougham second hand, cheap. 500
Golden Gate ave. .
DELIVERY wagon for sale cheap for cash.-
Apply Devlßadero-st. stables, near McAllister.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. ' Lie-
. bold Harness Co.. 211 Lnrlcln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE 18-bore Damascus breech loading shot-
gun for $35: made by Henry Skinner, Eng-
land's famous private maker. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant ave. ■ • • •'
LUNCH counter; 22 stools: French range and
broiler; must sell. 6 Leldesdorff st.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand- machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN," 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
' linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new: and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth. " •-'
SECOND-HAND lumber, all kinds: also bldg
being torn down Townsend and 2d; lumber
cheap; firewood. J. B. FRENCH, Valencia
and Fifteenth st. '• "-." '■-■■;■
4% HORSE-POWER gas engine good as new
for sale cheap at 31-33 Park ave. ■:■ -_■'
HALF-HORSE gas engine; dynamo; cheap.
1025 McAllister st. '
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy, dynamos. 2d hand. White, 516 Mission
LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for sale
cheap at 42 Main st. ..
SAFES New and second hand; cheaper than
•ver. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second' hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
'. CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. *
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating 'Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.'
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; tel. East 126. . '...: : '.;.".....
ADVANCE* Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
,- tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1950—15 ELIZABETH St., 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence, consist-
ing of 6 rooms and bath; positive bargain;
inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms .to suit. F., A.
McNALLY & CO.. 19 Montgomery St.
$2500— 5-ROOM and bath cottage. .1606 Castro St..
between 25th' and 2t!th; $500 cash, balance $25
monthly; houses built to suit purchasers on
20th St., near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
4148 Twenty-fifth st.
$1300— FOR sale very cheap; lot 25x100 on Four-
teenth st.,. near corner of Folsom. Apply
GrORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1709
Market st. ?S. \ '
$72.",0— CORNER residence. 10 rooms; bath; cen-
. trally located. Box 1079, Call office.
NEW ' 4-room ' cottage, etc. Sunset Dis-
trict. ■ ' • ■ . . - -•>--.«.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TO lease — 15-acre Improved ranch near Hay-
wards; elegant 8-room house, furnished. A.
M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
DO you want a home very cheap? ' Look! ! !
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth St., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9-room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot; 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $SOO cash; balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East Seventeenth at. R, P.
SAXE. ' ' '
FOR sale In Oakland — New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; So minutes from San Fran-
cisco; ' monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway. .'.
OAKLAND HOUSES. ; . .
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms: stove and porcelain bath; water and
ach man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at S4O Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway. '
HOTEL TO RENT, UNFURNISHED.
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
UNFURNISHED housekeeping ; apartments,
with .' carpets: Trgr.onahle. 1229 ' Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. BCHEIi-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh *»t. Hw him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park at.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders. 1500 Park t., .Alameda. Cal. .
berkeley real ESTATE.
THE CREAM OF BERKELEY. .
We are about to build 3 9-room modern co-
lonial homes, 1 block south of university, on
large lots; terms to suit; also elegant house
Just completed in same locality; plate glass
windows, porcelain bath, etc.
$1100— 8-room house at Golden Gate; large
lot; 1 block of station; easy terms.
M. L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms: lot 100x135: only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley.
MONEY TO LOAN. #
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do -not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
frlendsnip: do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; nj delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., roc ms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alamedi, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to. 1022 Mission at., above
. Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at th? . low* st rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
I ADVANCES on furniture or pianos .without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
BORROW from the- cut rate loan office, 22 Ma-
son st., opposite Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 323 Montgomery st.
___________________
ggwnro MACHTunes.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented*
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
_— ______________
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN' the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. . . Amanda J. Fennell, plaintiff,
vs. . Gerald M. Fennell, ; defendant. Action
: brought in the Superior Court, City and
' County of San Francisco, State -/of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed in said City
and County of Kan j Francisco. In' the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court. 1 .
The People' of the State of California send
greeting to Gerald M. Fennell, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear" in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
. plaintiff in the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
and to ' answer the complaint filed therein
within ten days (exclusive of the day of
service) after the service on you of this
summons, If served within this county; or.
1 if served elsewhere, within thirty days.
1 The said action is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving the
bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff and del endant, upon the ground of
defendant's, desertion of plaintiff and also on
the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
"for general relief, as will more fully appear
.in the complaint on file, to which special ref-
•' erence is hereby made. • . •
All of which will more fully appear In the
1 complaint on ri;e herein to which you are
hereby referred.
And you arc h.-reby notified that If you fall
to appear" and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to. the court for the relief therein demanded.
GlVen under my hand and seal of said
Superior Court a* the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 28th day
of September, in the year of our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. •
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
~^IRTHS"— MARBIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication -orflces and be
Indorsed with th* name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
* BORN.
LUTZEN— In this city, October 23, 1593. to the
. wife of O. A. Lutzen, a daughter.
NEWMAN— In this city, to the wife of M.
Newman, a daughter.
™~ DIED.
■ Brady, Catherine E. Lafferty, James
Brooks, Michael McGonlgle. Ellen
Barrie. Peter ; Michel/ Sophie
, Balny, Cesarlni! F. Mylo. Lydia
Conde, George it. Morehouse. .Le Grand
Clark, Fred 9. Powers. Catherine
• Donovan, John Perkins, Sarah J.
Dumas. Lucien Reeves, .Miss H. :
Foss, William t ■'■ . . Rlvas, Jose .
Fiske. Dr. Edward Sapertine. Giovanni
'Hill. Miss Mary E. Stout. Mary E.
Hutchlnson. John J. Tourtillotte, Kleta S.
■ Keeley. Julia . Whltcomb. Reuel K.
Keenan, Anna . Waldron. John T.
Kinnear. Grade Weyland. ■ Henry ■
White, Martha A. .
BRADY— this, city, October .22, 1898, - Cath-
erine E.,' belovisd wife of .Robert E. Brady,
• mother of Ella E., Robbie, Kittle and Tom-
mie Brady, daughter of Mrs. Mary Bird, and
sister of Mrs. William T. Gosland. Mrs. Wil-
liam H. Murphy, Mrs. William H. Malcomb
and Thomas Bird. "a native of Victoria,. Aus-
tralia, aged 37,.j ears and 5 months. -VI. ,-";- -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 619 Grove street, thence to Sacred'
Heart Church, on Fell street, between Web-
ster . and Flllmore, where ; a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
BROOKS— In this city. October 23. 1898.
Michael, beloved eon of Ann and the late Wil-
liam Brooks, and brother of William, Peter, '
Frank, Joseph and Christopher Brooks. Mrs. .
J. Duffy and Mrs. H. Griffin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years 2 months and 10
day3.
BARRIE— In this city, October 23, IS9B. at 1:10
a. m., Peter Barrie, a native of Dundee.
Scotland, aged 54 years. . . •
BALNY— In this city, October 23, IS9B, Cesarine
Francoiee Rainy, a native of France, aged 79
years and 3 days. :
CONDE— this city, October 22, IS9S, ~ George
M. Conde, a native of Schenectady, N. Y.,
1 aged 72 years. . . • *
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at i
o'clock, from his late residence, 2118 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CLARK— Preston. Sonoma County, October
22, 1898. Fred S. Clark, brother of S. P. B.
Clark and Mrs. Laura E. Young of Ea'st
Pittston, Me., aged 54 years 9 months and 26
days. - ■ . . ■ , . ;
DONOVAN— In this city, October 21, IS9S. John,
beloved husband of Hannah Donovan, and
brother of Mrs. Hannah Twomey of San
Jose, a native of Aughadown. County Cork,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & { Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DUMAS— this city, October 22. IS9S, Luclen.
beloved husband of Amelia Dumas, a native
of Poitiers, France, aged 64 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, JBO6 Howard street, near Fourteenth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FOSS— In the City and County Hospital. Octo-
ber 23, I&38, William Fobs, a native of Ger-
many, aged 28 years. ' •'
FISKE— services of the late Doctor
Edward S. Fiske of Hospital Corps, Company
L, First California Volunteers, will take
place this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
pavilion at Masonic Cemetery. Friends are
respectfully invited.
HlLL— Entered into rest In this city, October
22, IS9B, Miss Mary Elizabeth Hill, a native
of New York City. (New York City papers
please copy.) Remains at the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 26 Mint avenue.
. tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 26 Mint avenue,
thence. to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
near Twenty-fourth, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
HUTCHINSON— In Fruitvale, Alameda Coun-
ty, October 23, 1898. John Jennings Hutchin-
son, dearly beloved father of Mrs. R. L.
Charles, Mrs. M. V. Gurnett, Mrs. It. Teia-
pleman and William F. Hutchlnson, a native
of Sheffield, England, aged 73 years and 13
days. ,
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. ' ' "
KEELEY— In this city, October 22, 1898. Julia,
beloved sister of Mary Keeley, and niece of
Maggie Monaghan, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 29 years and 20 days. .
!E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her "soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment • Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KEENAN— In this city, October 21, 1593. Anna,
wife of Patrick Keenan, and dearly beloved
mother of Ella, Annie, Arthur. Edward and
Ethel Keenan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 11 months and 18 days.
ICrThe funeral will take place this day
■ (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Marys Ca-
thedral, where a solemn requiem mass . will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing- •at above hour. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KINNEAR— In this city, October 21. 1898. Grade,
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Alice Nelson,
and sister of May Kinnear, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 15 years 2 months and 3 days. .
{CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6B Valparaiso street, off Mason, near
Filbert. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAFFERTY— this city, October 23. 1898.
James, beloved son of Mary and the late
Owen Lafforty, and brother of Daniel. Alex-
ander, May and Lizzie Lafferty, Mrs. George
McDonald and Mrs. Walter McCoy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
McGONIGLE— In this city, October 5?. 1898.
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Neil McGonigle.
and devoted mother of Mrs. J. Albert Reed
and Mrs. Bernard Ward, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 66 years.
in?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 41 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please emit flowers.
MICHEL— In this city, October 22. 1898, Sophie
Michel, beloved mother of ! Mrs. William
Mooser and Henry Michel, and grandmother
of Joseph H. Charles E.. Louis H., William
Jr. and Albert Mooser and Mrs. E. de St.
Germain, a native of Marseilles, 'France,
aged 78 years and 6 months.
E?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9:45
. o'clock, from the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. William Mooser, 2519 . Pierce street,
thence to Notre Dame Church, !on Bush
street, near Stockton, where services will be
held, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
MYLO— In this city, October 22, 1898, Lydia, be-
loved wife of Daniel Mylo, mother of Joseph
C. Connolly, and daughter of the late John
and Bridget A. O'Connor, a native of New
' York City, aged 34 year3 8 months and 10
days. - . . . : .
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 227 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOREHOUSE— this city, October 22, 1898,
Le Grand, beloved -husband of : Clara More-
house, and father of Frank and Morono
Morehoupe, a native of Connecticut, aged 83
years and 6 days. (Alameda papers please
copy.)
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
2 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from .his late resi-
dence. 397 Fell street. Interment I. O. O.
. F. Cemetery.
POWERS— this city, October 22. 1898, Cath-
erine, relict of the late John Powers, and
■ beloved mother of Annie E., Mary I. and
John H. Powers, a native of Ireland, aged 65
• years. • . : • . ■
. . (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
'fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1202 Union street, corner of Hyde,
thence to St. Brigid's Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of- her
soul, commencing - at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount: Calvary Cemetery. - -. -
PERKINS— In Oakland, October 22, .1898,- Sarah
J., beloved wife of G. M. Perkins, and mother
of George B. Perkins, a native of New York
State, aged 52 years 9 months and 10 days.
REEVES— In this city, October 22, 1898, Miss
Henrietta Reeves, a native of England, aged
3S years 1 month and 28 days.
RIVAS— In this city. October 21, 1893, Jose Rl-
vas. a native of Mexico, aged 38 years.
SAPERTINE— the City and County Hospi-
tal, October — , IS9B, Giovanni Sapertlne.. :
STOUT— In this city, October 23, IS9B, Mary E.,
beloved wife of Milton W. Stout, and mother
of Lulu E., Milton A., Forrest E., Delilah I.
and Worrel E. Stout, a native of Boston,
. Mass., aged 41 years and 11 months. „ -.
TOURTILLOTTE— In Santa Rosa, October 23,
1898, K'.eta S. Tourtillotte, daughter of th»
' late Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Shackleford.'aged- 23
years. • ■ ' • • ■ '■ . .
lC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WHITCOMB— In this city, October 23, 1893.
Reuel Klmball, beloved husband of Sarah J.
•Whltcomb, and father of Mrs. E. W. Eusttce.
a native of Maine, aged 65 years 11 months
and 4 days. ' -
IGTRemalna at the parlors of the Golden
: Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 ' Mission
■ street, near Twenty-first. Notice- of funeral
hereafter.
WALDRON— this city. October 23, JS9B, John
T., beloved husband of Mary Waldron. a na-
1 tive of England, aged 50 years 5 months and
14 days. ' ;•••: '
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to B'nal'B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy
street, where the services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock sharp, under the aus-
pices of Crockett Lodge No.- 139, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery. .;...' .--.
WEYAND— In this *ity, October 21, 1898,
Henry, beloved son of Peter Weyand of La
Salle, 111., a native of St. Ingbert. Germany,
aged 32 vears 5 months and 6 days. ■ '-
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the funeral par-
' lors of H. F. Maasp, - 917 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of. his
soul, commencing .at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross" Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Branch No. 22.
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association of : the
■ United States and Canada, are hereby ordered
to assemble ■ this day (Monday), at S o'clock
sharp, at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass,
917 Mission street, to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother. Henry Weyand. • Ey
order '- ■ ■ P. J. DIEZ. President.
•-• M. McDERMOTT, Secretary. ' •■ . '•
WHITE— In this city. October 23. i- 9R. Martha
- A White, beloved mother of Amanda Glbbs
and C. R. White, a native of Illinois, aged 69
, years 2 months and 25 days. : '.-? •-y.v.
—a— rupmnMrTTT—"— *— *"= "' '— ■ — —
§ McAVOY & GALLAGHER. 1
hJMcAVOY GALLAGHER. I .
ERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUIERJ
1 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lineoln Schosl. ;, I
I Telephone. South 83. ' 1
■■—— ■—■—■——— i^— "^—— ■
. H. B. McAVOY. Manager.-. . ■ .-^.|
McAVO Y <fc CO.. ' -■■ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM I
' 1235 Market St., between Bth and Bth- j
Telephone, 6outh247^^^^^^^
■ ■ " ""' '"
910
MYSTERY OF A
PAWN TICKET.
An Oakland Woman Thought to Have
Plunged Into the Bay From the
Ferry-Boat Piedmont.
THERE was no rift In the clouds
that hung over the bay when
the Piedmont left the Oakland
mole at 11:43 Saturday night, on
her last trip to this city.
TA'hat wind there was came from
the south; and it was raining- stead
ily — it was. In short, what seafaring
men would- call a dirty night.
It is believed that among- the few
passengers on board was a Mrs.
M. Miller, formerly of 363 Prospect
avenue, Oakland, and it is surmised
that her body is now tossing- to and\
fro on the dark waters of the
bay.
About five minutes before the
Piedmont touched the wharf on this
side, two soldiers on board heard a
cry for help, which they reported
to the police, and in the ladies' toi
let room, on the port side, just
abaft the paddhwneel. was found
a lady's hat, a small handkerchief
and a pocketbook. The hat was of
black velvet, with a wide brim,
BRUTAL CRIME
OF A JEALOUS
WAGON-MAKER
Fiendishly Assaults
His Wife.
USED A WOODEN SLIPPER
THE UNFORTUNATE WOMAN IS
LIKELY TO DIE,
Ernest Kilian, in a Moment of Rage,
Almost Beats His Bet
ter Half to
Death.
In a moment of frenzy caused by drink
Ernest Kilian, a wagon maker, employed
by Warren & Malley. contractors, last
night almost beat his wife, Annie, to
death with a wooden slipper.
The Kilians live at 123 Eighth street.
Yesterday was Kilian's birthday and In
order to celebrate the occasion he had a
kegr of beer sent to his House. Both he
and his wife partook largely of the foam
ing beverage, until they were almost help
less from its effects.
to the statement of the
woman she staggered into her bedroom
and fell on the bed. A few minutes later
Kllian appeared and asked her to have
another drink.
Without waiting for a reply Kilian !
picked up the wooden slipper and repeat- I
edly struck his helpless victim. Her '
screams attracted the attention of one of !
the inmates of the house, who quickly
summoned Police Officers Flynn and
O'Dea. When they entered the room
they found Kilian and his wife in bed.
She presented a sickening spectacle.
Her face was beaten into an almost un
recognizable mass, and a deep exit In her
heaa showed that her skull was frac
tured. Her body was devoid of clothing.
After hearing from her lips that her
husband was responsible for her condi
tion the officers promptly placed Kilian
under arrest. His unfortunate wife was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
an examination disclosed that she was
fatally injured.
To Dr. Bunneil, who treated her, she
said her husband was jealous of her and
frequently threatened to kill her.
"We were married about eight years
ago," she feebly remarked, "and, al
though I was a faithful wife to him, he
seemed to think that I did not love him.
"I have two children by a former hus
band, and for some reason Kilian has al
ways had an aversion for them. He
wanted me to get rid of them, and be
cause I refused, he treated me most
shamefully. Being anxious to celebrate
his birthday, he ordered a keg of beer
and Invited a number of friends to attend
the festivities. After they had left I
went to my room and laid down on tha
bed. A few minutes later he staggered
Into the room, and •with an oath, pro
ceeded to beat me with a wooden slipper.
I pleaded with him not to kill me. but,
despite my entreaties, he continued to
assault me.
"As I was losing consciousness two
police officers appeared and saved me
from being murdered outright. I want
to die and hope that my injuries will
prove fatal. *My second marriage ha»
been a. failure, and rather than live with
shaping at the back almost to a
point, and was surmounted on the
left side by a large bunch of black
and white ostrich feathers.
The handkerchief was small and
plain, and bore no distinguishing
mark. There was nothing in the
pocketbook, which was black, but
a pawnticket numbered 11.904, show-
Ing that on Saturday Mrs. Miller had
borrowed $1 25 on a plain gold ring
of the Baldwin Jewelry Company,
948 Market street, this city.
The clerk at the latter establish
ment remembers the loan distinctly,
and says that it was made at about
6 o'clock Saturday afternoon the
lady giving the name and address
of Mrs. M. Miller, 363 Prospect ave
nue, Oakland. He describes her as
being perhaps 32 years of ago, of
good general appearance, and weigh
ing about 150 pounds. She was well
gloved, and wore a light, fawn
tolored sack.
There was nothing, he says, in her
appearance to Indicate a troubled
condition of mind. Oakland police
officers observed a woman on the
train connecting with the Piedmont
apparently much cast down. On the
sill of the toilet room window marks
of shoes were found, leading to the
assumption that Mrs. Miller, if she
it was. jumped from the sill into
the water. Captain Jones of the
Piedmont is under the impression
that the unfortunate woman made
the passage to Oakland with him
on the 9 p. m. trip.
my present husband again I would pre
fer to be buried under six feet of earth."
Kilian, when locked up in the City
Prison, showed traces of having been oh
a protracted spree. In a maudlin voice
he denied that no had beaten his wife and
asserted that she had been injured by
falling against the bed in the room.
The slipper which Kflian used on his
wife was found in the room. It was be
spattered with blood. The officers took
possession of it and subsequently booked
it as evidence against the prisoner.
Broke His Wife's Arm.
At a late hour last night Margaret Ray
had some trouble with her husband at
their home, 121 Fourth street, and called
him a bum. Her husband, taking excep
tion to the epithet, struck her on the eye.
knocking her down. In the row which en
sued her left arm was fractured. The in
jured woman was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where her arm was treated by
Dr. Bonnell. The husband has not yet
been arrested.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
Death of a Pioneer.
Le Grande Morehouse, a pioneer of
California, died at his residence, 357 Fell
street, on Saturday, October 22. He was
born in Connecticut in ISI6. moved to New
York during boyhood, and came to this
State by way of Panama in 1852. He at
first engaged in mining in the interior of
the State, but soon returned to San
Francisco, where he conducted a commis
sion business on Clay street, and has in
vested considerable money in property
throughout California. He leaves a
widow and two children. His funeral will
tako place at 1 p. m. to-day from his lesl
dence. The remains will be interred in
I.- O. O. F. Cemetery.
Sacred Heart Church Fair.
The Sacred Heart Church fair at Ar
mory Hall, Page and Gough streets, will
close to-morrow evening. Articles at the
booths will be raffled or sold without re
serve. For th£ lest two weeks a decided
success has been achieved. The parish
ioners who have not yet put in an ap
pearance at the fair are expected to-mor
row evening. The new church is a
reality and has now to be paid for by the
fair. Every article will go for whatever
can be obtained for it at sale without
reserve.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
Nearpass— l hope the minister didn't re
fer to the creditors the deceased left
Bennet— He merely said that his loss
would be felt wherever he was known —
Puck.
TWO FATAL FALLS
DOWN STAIRWAYS
The falling of two men down different stairways resulted In fractured
skulls for both. One of the men died shortly after his accident, and the
other Is unconscious and the doctors attending him have no hopes for his
recovery.
Eugene Guy, 59 years of age, a glovemaker by occupation, returned
to his home at 441 O'Farrell street about 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
while ascending the stairs to his room, missed his footing and fell. The
noise of the fall awoke his wife, who Immediately summoned Dr. Wefea
burg, but before the physician arrived, the man had died without regain
ing consciousness. The back of his head had struck on a step, resulting in
fracture of the skull.
The Becond accident was to Salvator Pelici, who returned yesterday on
the schooner Buelah from Alaska, where he has been engaged In fishing for
the past six months. Pelici, as soon as he reached shore, went to No. 5
Greenwich street to visit some friends. As he went up the steps he
slipped and fell to the bottom of the stairs. He was taken in an uncon
scious condition to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon
found that he had sustained a fractured cheek bone and skull. His In
juries were dressed, but up to a late hour he had not recovered conscious
ness, and the physicians think he has little chance of living. Pelici is a
married man. His wife and a young child reside on a farm, near Black
Diamond Point, In Sacramento County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1398.
ADMITS THAT
HE MURDERED
JULIA KEELEY
Dan O'Shea Says He
Fired the Shot.
SEVERAL WITNESSES FOUND
WHO HEARD HIM CONFESS TO
THE SHOOTING.
Sister of th» Dead Girl Arrives From
San Joee and Is Almost
Prostrated With,
Grief.
Tortured with remorse, Daniel O'Shea,
the steamboat fireman, who ruthlessly
murdered Miss Julia Keeiey, his sweet
| heart, last Saturday night, presents &
miserable spectacle as ne sits cowering
in a cell at the City Prison.
For a time yesterday O'Shea clung to
the story he originally told about Mlbs
Keeiey going to his room, 1126 Howard
street, Saturday evening about 7 o'clock,
and the two having a lovers' quarrel, dur
ing which the girl seized his revolver that
was lying on the bureau and attempted
to use it; that he grappled with her, and
during the struggle the weapon was dis
charged three times. Finally, however,
the murderer seemed to realize that it
was useless to attempt to deny his guilt
any lunger, and to Detectives T. L. Ryan
and E. M. Owens he admitted that he had
killed the girl without provocation. Af
ter that, O'Shea lapsed into silence and
refused to answer any further questions.
Miss Mary Keeiey, sister of the dead
girl, came up from San Jose yesterday
and was almost prostrated with grief.
She remained by the side of the lifeless
body all day and could not be comforted.
Detectives Kyan and Owens were busy
on the case ail day and gathered much
valuable evidence against O'Shea. The
officers made careful measurements of the
room in which the tragedy occurred, the
hallway at 1126 Howard street, and found
several important witnesses.
Mrs. Margaret Monahan. aunt of the
murdered girl, in whose lodging house the
shooting occurred, made a statement to
them. She said that about 7:30 o'clock
Saturday evening she heard a noise in
O'Shea's room, and going to the door de
manded admittance. O'Shea opened the
door and said: "I have committed mur
der and I want to go and give myself
up." He turned down the gas so Mrs.
Monahan could not see what had occurred
within. She went inside and turned up
the gas and saw her niece lying on the
bed. At the same time O'Shea ran down
stairs. In a short time he returned with
a policeman and Mrs. Monahan heard
him say to the officer: "I have killed
her." The two then carried the body
downstairs into the lower hallway, and
the patrol wagon was summoned.
Miss Mary Barry, a roomer In Mrs.
Monahan's house, also heard the -poise in
O'Shea's room and heard O'Shea call
"Maggie," three timesr Then she heard
three pistol shots and she hastened to
O'Shea s room. O'Shea ran downstairs
and soon returned in company with a
policeman, to whom he remarked: "I shot
her," and handed the officer a pistol.
Miss Rose Cutberk, another roomer In
the house, heard the shots and saw
O'Shea come out of his room and run
downstairs. As he did so she heard him
say: "I have committed murder and they
will put a rope around my neck for it.
I made a pood job of It. I am sorry I
didn't kill myself."
Miss Cutberk's mother says she too
heard O'Shea admit that he killed the
girl.
Andrew Fritz, a drug clerk employed a
few doors from the scene of the murder,
said that between 7 and 8 o'clock Saturday
night O'Shea rushed into the store and
said he wanted to telephone for the
patrol, as a murder had been committed
at 1126 Howard street.
These witnesses, with the letters O'Shea
wrote before the shooting, will make it
almost impossible for him to escape pun
ishment for his crime.
At the Baldwin Hotel, where Miss
Keeiey /was employed, all the attaches
speak In highest terms of her.
ANTI-FRAUD SPIRITUALISTS.
Meeting in Scottish Hall, at Which
Fake Mediums Are Denounced.
An anti-fraud spiritualist meeting was
held in Scottish Hall yesterday afternoon.
There were about 300 people present, the
majority being ladies. Bishop Garrison
presided.
Several speakers, among them Mrs.
Dunham, Mrs. Drynan, Mrs. Huesmann,
Mrs. Ellis and R. S. Stitts, addressed the
m.-eting denouncing fake mediums and
urging the State board to appoint an in
vestigating committee to thoroughly sift
the matter and expose the tricksters and
frauds who were, it was alleged, numer
ous in this city. Mrs. Drynan and Mrs.
Heusmann were particularly bitter in
their denunciation of fakers.
Bishop Garrison and President Norton
of the State board had an altercation the
previous Sunday, during which Garrison
charged Norton with calling him a vile
name. Norton was In the hall yester
day afternoon and wanted the privilege
of being heard, but he was told to hire
a hall for himself. Some unpleasant things
were said about the State board which
roused Norton's Ire.
Estate of Mark Strouse.
The family of the late Mark Strouse re
turn heartfelt thanks to his friends and
the public for the generous patronage and
kindly consideration extended him during
his eighteen years of business life In this
city.
We invite and hope to merit and receive
a continuance of that patronage and good
will, and give assurance that the excel
lent service and good reputation for
which the Bay City Market has so long
been famous will be maintained.
* EMILIE STROUSE.
Thrown From a Car.
Henry Sneath, secretary of the Jersey
Farm Company, was thrown from a
Howard-stret car shortly after 6 o'clock
last evening, as the car was turning the
corner at East and Howard streets. He
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, where
hla injuries were found to consist of
lacerated wounds of the face, his tongue
nearly bit In two and concussion of the
STRUCK A LIVE WIRE.
Narrow Escape From Electrocution of
Policeman Patrick McGee,
POLICE OFFICER PAT McGEE of the Cewtral division nearly lost his
life at an early hour yesterday morning by coming in contact with a
live wire. While patroling his beat McGee discovered a broken elec
tric wire at Turk and Taylor streets. One end was stretched across the
street, making it extremely dangerous for any one to pass by.
Fearing that some belated citizen would become entangled In the deadly
wire, McGee, who, prior to his appointment on the police force worked as
an electrician, started to remove it. Taking his club in his hand he touched
the wire, intending to cast it into the street. With an agonizing shriek
McGee Immediately dropped his club and staggered back several feet. A
citizen who was watching his efforts to remove the wire siezed him. pre
venting him from falling.
The shock was so severe that it was some time before the policeman
was able to speak. With the assistance of a friend he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. He complained of severe pains in the left leg, and
also the right arm. Subsequently he was removed to his home, where he Is
still confined, unable to do police duty.
In telling his experience McGee said: "I noticed a crowd standing 1 at
Turk and Taylor streets, and, thinking something had happened, I re
paired to the scene. I saw the piece of wire stretched across the side
walk and at once realized that it was charged with electricity.
"After cautioning the crowd against getting too near the wire, I
started to remove it so that some belated citizen would not run afoul of
It. One of the crowd Informed me that the electric light company had
been notified of the dangerous wire, but, being an electrician and
anxious to prevent an accident, I determined to cast it into the street.
"After taking out my club I touched it to the wire and received the
shock from which I am Btill suffering. It seemed to paralyze my
muscles, and for a moment I thought it was all off with me. I was ren
dered speechless, and if my life depended upon it I could not move my
tongue. The force of the shock threw me back several feet, and as I was
about to fall a citizen seized me by the arm and helped me up. I still feel
sore about the legs and arms, and from present indications it will be some
time before I am able to do police duty."
McGee is one of the most popular men In the department, and his es
cape from instant death was a source of extreme gratification to his
fellow officers.
OLYMPIANS
ESTABLISH NEW
CYCLING MARKS
Fuller and Bozio Are
the Heroes.
SPEEDY RIDING AT FLMHURST
MAJORITY OF RECOitDS UP TO
FIVE MILES REDUCED.
Owing to the Absence of Multicycle
Machines Only Unpaced Trials
Were Made— The New
Figures.
George P. Fuller and 13. A. Bozio
both added priory to the Olympic Club
Wheelmen yesterday. They continued at
Elmhurst track their assaults upon the
cycling record table and established
some notable figures, especially at the
distances under one mile, which work
was especially delegated to Mr. Fuller.
The Olympians had arranged to send
Fuller for all track records from one to
five miles, but the record breaker, after
a glance at the pacing talent present, de
clined to try for any distance above the
mile. At this juncture Bozio arrived, and
hearing of Fuller's decision, announced
his readiness to go for the longer marks,
although he had undergone no prepara
tion for the severe trial.
Fuller was first upon the track. He
rode a fast half-mile behind a triplet
machine, manned by George Kroetz. Ed
die Kragness and \V. L. Loos. The tim
ers were remiss in their duties and failed
to properly record the performance. Ful
ler next tried to lower the record for the
same distance without assistance from
pacemakers. In this he succeeded admir
ably, capturing en route the TTne-thlrd
mile record. His time for the one-third
mile was :36 3-5 and for the half :57 4-5.
The former cpast record for the half
mile stod at 1:04 2-5, while the one-third
mile was :38 3-5. held by Hardy Downing
of San Jose.
Ivan Treadwell, Bay City Wheelmen,
tried for several records, but was un
successful.
Bozio was the last to "go against the
clock." He looked far from being fit, his
outward appearance not indicating his
ability to go over a long distance of
ground. He decided to try for the rec
ords up to five miles. He started quick
ly, covering the first half mile in 1:01 1-5,
a pace the spectators thought too fast to
be maintained.
He slowed down a trifle before the end
of the first mile, but after that main
tained a steady swing until five miles had
been ridden. His record figures were:
One mile, 2:101-5; two miles, 4:28 1-5; three
miles, 6:53; four miles, 9:18 3-5, and five
miles, 11:42 3-6. The officials in charge of
the trials follows:
Franklin P. Bull, referee and starter;
Herbert D. Clark, C. C. Williams and
Irving C. Orth. judges; Clarence N. Rav
iln, W. A. Terrill and I. Silverberg,
timers.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Webster Davis, Assistant Secretary of
J. D. Coughlln, a cattleman of Oregon,
is at the Lick.
A. N. Butts, a mining man of Angels,
Is at the Occidental.
J. J. Campbell, editor of the Gazette of
Gait, is at the Grand.
P. Kerwin, a mining man of Virginia
City, New, is at the Palace.
S. Herbert Cox, a mining man of Lon
don, is a guest at the Palace,
the Interior, arrived in this city yester
day morning and is at the Palace.
H. A. Jastro, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Bakersfleld, is a guest at
the Grand.
H. C. Pfister, the well-known business
man of San Jose, accompanied by his. wife,
is at the Grand.
O. Y. Woodward, a rancher of Staien
Island, acompanied by his wife, is regis
tered at the Grand.
Charles E. Gross. William Smythe and
F. S. Rensome and wife of New York are
registered at the Grand.
Martin Priest of London and A. Elgaen
tine of Germany arrived yesterday on ti e
San Juan and are guests at the Occiuen
tal.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, Miss
Annie Brimmer, a niece of Mrs. Spreck
els, and A. B. Spreckels left .for the East
in Claus Spreckels' new special car Sat
urday evening.
Charles G. Stachelberg of New York,
one of the largest tobacconists in Amer
ica, arrived from the East yesterday and
will remain In this city for a few weeks.
He is accompanied by his wife.
HER HUSBAND WAS JEALOUS.
Toney Burns, a Carpenter, Beaten
With a Club, Choked and
Kicked Out of the House.
Toney Burns, a carpenter, living at Fif
teenth avenue and San Bruno road,
walked into the Receiving Hospital yes
terday, morning. His head was covered
with blood, his eyes were swollen and
blackened and hiß face and neck were
scratched and bruised.
Dr. Bunnell found twelve wounds in his"
scalp, but they were not serious. There
were old scars on his scalp, showing that
he had beelT in trouble before.
Burns said his landlord was jealous of
him and his wife and when he got home
late Saturday night he wa-s talking to
the landlord s wife when the husband at
tacked him with a club, and after beat
ing and choking him until he was tired
of the exercise kicked him out of the
house. He stopped with a friend at
Fourth and Howard struts until vester
day morning, and then he called at the
He will swear out a warrant this morn
ing for the arrest of his landlord. He re
fused to give his name as he wanted to
surprise film with the warrant. eu to
PRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY in rpum.
Immensely improved. Superbly illustrated Price
cut to 10 cents. Buy a copy to-day. Edition
limited.
. The Heinrichs Becitals.
The fourth of the series of Heinrlch
recitals will take place at the Sherman
& Clay Hall this , evening, when a new
programme will be -presented. This morn-
Ing at 11 o'clock . the first lof a series Si
talks to students, with musical illustra
tions, will be inaugurated, at the -Bam*
nalL
ADVEBTISEMEITi.'SL
BLANKETS,
BEDSPREADS,
_JOMFORTERS!
Special Values This Week !
3 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, all pure wool, * bed
size $3.75 Pair
5 cases EXTRA SIZE WHITE BLANKETS, made from
Australian wool $6.00 Pair
4 cases FULL-SIZE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, both
white and colored, all hemmed. . . .$2,00 Each
2 cases EXTRA QUALITY ENGLISH MARSEILLES
BEDSPREADS (white only), very handsome da-
signs. $3#50 Each
15 dozen EXTRA SIZE PRINTED SILKOLINE COM-
FORTERS, pure snowflake filling . ,$1,50 Each
10 dozen FINE FRENCH PRINTED SATEEN COM-
FORTERS, white cotton filling. . .$3.50 Each
EXTRA SPECIAL!
5 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, full size, SLIGHTLY
IMPERFECT, manufactured by the Golden Gate
Woolen Mills —
F^rice, $4.50 F^alr.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
dozen 8-4xB-4 REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE
COVERS, new colorings and heavy fringes —
$2.50 Each.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CD. v
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— square 40C
That price and our reputation will sell
lots of butter.
Coff ee-Pashaßlend ( can b95)27^cb 95 )27^c
regularly 35c lb, roast or ground.
A first class coffee. ; , LS"£SS : , :
Whiskey— and Irish DC L
reglyfi.so 12 year old $1.25
7'7 ' $1.75 Highland Liqueur 1.35
" $1 ' Highland Club 85c
" $1 KiilyCroy 85c
We know no better Scotch and Irish
whiskies. . ...
• AsparagUS tips— reg'ly tin lOC
A novelty for salads, but of course you
must have good oil, like the Sierra
'" Mad re.
Mustard— reg'ly 20c bottle I '
Mustard is necessary to bring out the
best flavor of some meats. French
Booth's Old Tom 90c
regularly $1.
An old, well known brand.
Orange bitters— Field's 90c
regularly $i.
Give a delightful taste to most mixed -
drinks.
Toilet soap-reg'iy 50c doz 37^ C
Made in America. Big cakes-big value
Dates— lOC
regularly 15c lb.
Very healthy as well as pleasant to eat.
Bran ,. bags— the bath 20C
regularly 25c. . • . ;
For soften ing and perfuming the water.
Odors violet, lavender, verveine.
Olives— whole, ripe ' (gal 70c) 2OC
regularly 25c quart
Ripe olives are so well liked now the
demand can hardly be. supplied.
Smoking tobacco (2 tins 35) 20c
regularly 25c tin, four ounces. .
Bird's eye, Sun cured North Carolina ;
and Virginia tobacco.
Imported cigars arrived : .
upmanns, High Life, Commercial
all sizes from 10c up.
Buy by the box. >
El Reposo, Rothschilds
box of 50 •; $4
New goods in
California stuffed prunes -■••'- ■'
California stuffed apricots J. ":
California raisins l
. LiOwney's , candles
Sweet older
Catalogue free. " Send or ask for tt. _> ■ _ .
Time of year for laying; In winter supplies. 'We;
make wholesale prices on big: orders. •'•'. ,
~ Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted not t
later than Wednesday. ■ . •. . ' > . ',
433 Pin* 115 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
»©75 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
H unjon's Headache and IndigestlonCure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure : every form of . Headache In 1
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves - and build \up the sys-
tem. -It , should | be lin \ every horns | and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drue-
flats. 25 cures, 26c.
,:;, :;T NOTICE ! ■
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE O9
. California. Sacramento. Octoher 12. 18*8.
In accordance with the . provisions of Section
3668 of the Political Code, notice la hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Dunlicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the . assessments
upon the property of each of the - following-
na&ied associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
the year 1898. to wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company. Central
Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Califor-
■• nia Railroad Company. Northern - Railway
Company, South r« rifle Coast Railroad Com-
. pany, .Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company.
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ra.iroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway.
Company, Nevada County .Narrow Gaugo
Railroad Company, Carson and Colorado
' Railroad Company. Nevada-Call fornla-Oregca
Railway Company, Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way Company, . Alameda and San Joaquin
Railroad Company. Oualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada Railroad
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
" fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County taxes on all personal
property, and one-ha.lf of the State and
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and payable- and will t • delinquent on
the last Monday in November next, at six
' o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the Stat*
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five
per cent will be added to amount . thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April next, at six o wock p. m., an
additional five per cent will be added to to*
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real uroperty will be due and
payable after the first Monday In Janu-
ary next, and will be delinquent on th*
last Monday in April next ;at six o'clock
p. m.. and unless paid to . the • Stat*
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five
iter cent will be added to the amount thereof.
• E. P. COIXJAN. State Controller.
Beware ' of Imitations
ajorfe^i
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, A9MT», NEW YOMC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOfI
Z TK ' PALACE ™ p S
ZGRAIVDtLQIMiM§
A BAM PKAHCISCO, 0
TT Connected by a covered passageway. ft
V 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. 0
0 ; KOTI THE PRICKS: O
_ European Plan. fl. oo per day and upward n
9 American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward
£ , Correspondence Solicited. • Q
0 JTOKX 0: SIHKPA?RICK, Kaaaftr. q
QJQ O O O 6 O O a qcqoocq