no_textVOLUME LXXXIII.-XO. 145.
PRESIDENT CALLS FOR MEN
THE GUNS OF MORRO OPEN FIRE,
THE SPANISH SHIPS ARE COMING
The Cruiser New York, After a Lively Chase, Captures the Spanish Steamer Pedro.
QUOTAS OF THE
SEVERAL STATES
ARE DETERMINED
How the Army of the United States
Will Be Put on a War
Footing.
GOVERNMENT SEIZES CABLE
AND ESTABLISHES CENSORSHIP,
KEY WEST, Fla., April 23. — The following notice was
ported in the cable office here this afternoon:
" Under instructions from Washington, su
pervision of the cable lines has been assumed by
the Government. Government business will be
given preference on all sides."
It is said that al! dispatches filed at Key West hereafter
will be subjected to censorship by a Government officer, and
that all reference to the movements of vessels and other
information about war plans will be rigorously excluded.
NEW YOBS, April 23.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
president JmcKinley's proclamation
calling for 125,000 volunteers, with
the proposed increase of the regular
army to 6i,000 men, will give to the
chief executive an arm*- of 186,000.
Of this force 20,000 -are now at
Chickamauga, New Orleans, Mobile
and Tampa. These troops are regu
lars, available at a moment's notice
to be transferred to Cuba.
While it is the purpose of the JTar
Department to secure only National
Guardsmen as far as possible un
der the first call 'for volunteers, the
States where there are no national
guards, or where the number falls
below the quota stated in the call,
will be expected to supply volunteers
regardless of their lack of organiza
tion. In fact, this murt be done un
der the law. On the basis of to-day's
call for 125,000 men the various
States and Territories, including the
District of Columbia, will be called
upon to supply each the following
number of volunteers:
Alabama 2. 500
Arkansas 2,750
California 2,238
Colorado 1.2Q.S
Connecticut 1,607
Delaware 341
Florida 750
Georgia 3; i; 4
Idaho 231
Illinois 6,608
Indiana '. 4,402
lowa 3 —i->
Kansas 2,77$
Kentucky " 3,405
"iM;-na lOIQ
Maine "" 1,526
Maryland *" i, Q42
Massachusetts .. 474 7
Michigan 2368
Minnesota ;;;■;;; 2 '8 ;4
Mississippi # 2257
Missouri -'/,.
>r 0.41 '
Montana .. ...........'. z?a
Nebraska...;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; »j2
Nevada r*B
New Hampshire . . .'.7.7.7.7. '.'."" 75 •>
New Jersey '_ 2 06-
New York ;;;;;; 12 , ,3, 3
North Carolina 2,564
The San Francisco Call
MARTIAL LAW
AT PORTO RICO.
Copyright, ISPS, hy James Cordon nennett.
ST. THOMAS, West Indies,
April 23.— 1 am informed by the
Herald's correspondent in San
Juan, Porto Rico, that martial
law has been proclaimed
thrmighout the island. This step
was made necessary hy reason
of revolutionary uprisings all
over the island. These disor
ders assumed such proportions
that officials in the islands found
it necessary to take radical meas
ures to prevent them spreading
further.
An open credit has been es
tablished at the Colonial Bank.
North Dakota , 6 ,
Ohio 7,234
Oregon 820
Pennsylvania ............ .....' ' io,-6c
: Rhode Island \lo\ l 0
1 South Dakota ............ 1 8"o
' South Carolina ................. '747
Tennessee ■ ]'[\ 3OtX)
i Sr;::::::::::::::::;::::;;;; 4.229
Utah 425
Vermont , 0 ,.
Virginia 2Q13
Washington 1 178
j West Virginia j'^gg
i Wisconsin .......... , ~..
Wyoming 23 ,
Arizona 871
District of Columbia ] 44Q
New Mexico ; ,, 0
Oklahoma •'.-; \ \ ,
The bill for reorganization of the
army, which passed the House to
day, and which will be considered in
the Senate .on Monday, will more
than double the strength of the regu
lars. •
The volunteer forces will for the
most' part be ready for transporta
tion to gulf ports within two weeks.
Requisition will be made upon the
Governors of States to supply their ,
quotas by the President through the
War Department on Monday morn
ing. The quotas are determined .' oy
t.ViA TAlntivo nnTininHnn /vf ♦>»«» Pi.i
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE PRESIDENT
ISSUES A CALL
FOR VOLUNTEERS
One Hundred and Twenty-Five
Thousand Men Wanted to Up
hold Old Glory.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The President to-day issued the following
proclamation calling for 125,000 troops to serve for two years:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES— A PROCLAMATION.
WHEREAS, By an Act of Congress entitled "An act to provide for the
increasing of the military establishment of the United States in time of war,
and for other purposes," approved April 22, 1898, the President was author
ized in order to raise a volunteer army to issue his proclamation calling for
volunteers to serve in the army of the United States.
How, therefore, I, William McKinley, President of the United States, by
virtue of power vested in me by the Constitution and by-laws, and deem
ing sufficient occasion to exist, have thought fit to call for, and hereby do
call for, volunteers to the aggregate number of 125,000 in order to carry
into effect the purpose of the said resolution, the same to be apportioned as
far as practicable among the several States and Territories and the District
of Columbia according to population, and to serve for two years unless
sooner discharged. The details for this object will bo immediately commu
nicated to the proper authorities through the War Department.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the
seal of the United States to be affixed.
Done at Washington, this twenty-third day of April, 1898, and of the in
dependence of the United States the ons hundred and twenty-second.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
By the President: JOHN SHERMAN, Secretary of State.
according to the census of 1890. The
largest iillotment will be to New
York State, which will be required to
furnish 11,000 men. The Governors
are given power to designate the
regiments of the present National
Guards to be called out and the loca
tion in which other organizations are
to be recruited. Each Governor will
also have entire charge of enlisting
and recruiting his quota.
As soon as recruits are mustered
into the national service they will be
sent to a rendezvous which has been
selected in each State and will be or
ganized and their company and regi
mental officers appointed by the Gov
ernor, and will then be turned over
to the Secretary of War. He will, un
der the supervision of the President,
combine them into brigades and di
visions and select their general and
staff officers. In many States volun
teer troops will be at their rendez
vous and ready to be assigned to
their ultimate destination within a
week from fie time they are called
i out. In other States, where dis
tances are greater and methods of
traveling slower, it may be a month
before the Governors report their al-
J lotments ready for the front.
The volunteer and regular troops
will be assembled together in the
South when the regular army shall
have been recruited up to its full
lawful strength and the militia shall
have been completely organized and
equipped. Four army corps will then
be formed, and these corps will be
divided into divisions and brigades
formed of regular and volunteer regi
ments.
It is understood that there will be
one regular and two volunteer regi
ments to a brigade. The maximum
; strength of an army corps so formed
SHERMAN
TO RESIGN
ON MONDAY.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The
Post will say to-morrow that
the resignation of Hon. John
Sherman as Secretary of State
will be placed in the hands of
the President Monday.
would be about 35,000 men. The
commanders of these corps will nave
the rank of major-general of volun
teers or of regulars. There are at
present, besides Major-Gsneral Miles,
who commands the army, two officers
who hold major - generals' commis
sions in the regular army establish
ment. These are General Westley
Merritt, commanding the Depart
ment of the East, who will not be re
lieved, as it is thought his present
command is the most important one
to which he could be assigned, and
General John H. Brook*, now com
\ mander of the regular division in
i camp at Chickamauga. Gsneral Brooke
i will probably be assigned to the
i command of the First Volunteer
| Army Corps. The senior brigadiers
of the regular army, who w ni fe e
given the rank of major-general of
volunteers, arc Generals Coppinger,
Wade and Shafter, commanding di
visions of the regular army at points
of concentration on the field. Briga
dier-General Otis will be given a
command with a provisional estab
lishment when he complettr his tour
of court-martial duty. Several colonels
Continued on Second Pujul.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON
SENDS HIS PRIZES
INTO KEY WEST
Torpedo-Boats From Cape Verde Will
Head Off the Oregon or Attack
American Cities.
Government Has Seized the Cable From the
Front, and All Messages to the Press Are
Subjected to Strict Censorship.
ON THE FLAGSHIP NEW YORK, OEF HAVANA, April
23, 2 p. m. — The castle guns opened on the fighting squadron at 1 1
o'clock last night. About ten shots were fired in the direction of the
ships. None took effect, and none were returned.
This is the first act of war on the part of Spain.
LONDON, April 23.— 1t is reported here on reliable authority that a
; portion of the Spanish fleet which has been anchored at St. Vincent,
Cape Verde Islands, has sailed. Us destination is not known. It is re
garded as possible that it may have started to intercept the battleship
Oregon and the gunboat Marietta, which are now on their way to Key
West from the Pacific Ocean.
Some persons at Cape Vincent believe that an attack on American
seaports is contemplated.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The Herald's Washington correspondent tel
egraphs: No confirmation, can be obtained in Washington of the report
that the Spanish ships have left St. Vincent. That it is true is consid
ered highly probable, in view of the fact that official information which
has reached the authorities during the last few days is to the effect that
the fires in the furnaces of the ships have been banked and that they have
been ready to proceed to sea the moment orders were received from
Madrid.
In the absence of official information the authorities will not say
what action they will take, but it was suggested that the departure of
the cruisers Minneapolis and Columbia from Hampton Roads might be
for the purpose of obtaining accurate information concerning the where
abouts of the Spanish vessels. As to why these two cruisers were
sent to sea to-night, or as to their destination, the officials will say
nothing.
KEY WEST, April 23.— *
The Spanish schooner Ma- *
thilde, captured by the torpe- ;*
do-boat Porter, was towed #
into port by the steamer *
Dauntless this afternoon. *
******************
THREE PRIZES
ARE TAKEN IN
A SINGLE DAY
The Fleet Off the Coast of
Cuba Is Making the Block
ade an Actuality.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, April 23.— Two
more prizes have been taken by
Captain Sampson's fleet under
the guns of Morro Castle. The
Spanish steamship Pedro, loaded
with rice, iron and beer, was the
vessel captured last night, just
as she was leaving Havana har
bor to go to Santiago de Cuba.
She was loading when Captain
Bonet learned that the fleet had
been sighted. He feared that
Havana was to be bombarded,
and started out to sea.
He was not quick enough.
The men on the flagship
New York sighted him
SEW EDITION
REVENUE CUTTER
CHASING A SPANISH
SHIP IN THE GULF
NEW YORK, April 23.— A Washington dispatch to the
Herald says: Administration officials are hopeful to-night
that another prize has been taken by the naval forces
of the United S;ates.
Secretary Gage received to-night a telegram from
the Collector of Customs in Mobile, Ala., stating that
the revenue cutter Winona was, at the time the dis
patch was sent, in charge of the Spanish steamer
Sacumina.
The Sacumina entered Mobile this afternoon, but
learning of the condition of affairs between the United
States and Spain suddenly put to sea, with the Winona
steaming after her. The Winona is not a very fast
vessel, and while authorities have not, up to a late
hour to-night, learned that she has succeeded in captur
ing the Spanish steamer, they believe she will finally
bring her to.
going at full speed and
gave chase.
The Spaniard showed no signs
PIUCE FIVE CEXTS.
of stopping and the New York
sent several shots after her.
These were from the ship's lighter
£uns, They were ineffective2
HOW SPANIARDS
MADE A VERY
BAD MISTAKE
Although Thjey Intercepted and
Held BacK the Americar) Ulti
matum, They Blundered.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bpnnett.
MADRID, April 23.— Last week some very sharp and quick work
was done between the Spanish foreign officers and* the American
Minister. The American ultimatum, sent to General Woodford as an
open telegram and not in cipher, reached Madrid on Wednesday night
at 11 o'clock. It was held at the foreign office until nearly 3 o'clock
Thursday morning. In the meantime the Spanish Government pre
pared the note breaking off diplomatic relations and refusing to re
ceive further communications from the American Government. This
Spanish note was handed to General Woodford on Thursday morning
at 7 o'clock. He spent most of the preceding night at the British
Embassy, arranging for the transfer of American interests. As soon
as he received the Spanish note he observed that Spain had made
the serious mistake of a declaration that war, evident or open, al
ready existed between the two nations because of the passage of the
Joint resolution of Congress and its approval by the President. Spain
had thus declared hostilities. General . Woodford promptly accepted
the Spanish decision. He did not present the ultimatum, but instead
addressed to the Spanish Government a note accepting the situation
and rinsed his legation and turned its care over to the British Em
bassy. He immediately telegraphed his Government at Washington
that war existed by declaration of Spain, and thus the American
squadron was enabled to sail from Key West Friday to blockade
Havana many hours before it could have been effected had Spain re
ceived the ultimatum, and secured the delay fixed in its time limit.
Then the New York let go a
shot across the bo.v of the fleeing
merchantman, which came to a
standstill. The chase coverec
ten miles.
A prize crew of twelve mer
from the New York, officered by
Lieutenant E. E. Capehart, En
sign Brumby and Engineer Wal
ter Ball, was put aboard the
captured Pedro and she then came
to Key West under her owr
steam and without escort. The
quarantine flag is now flying frorr
both the Pedro and the Span is t;
steamer Buena Ventura, which
was brought in yesterday by
the gunboat Nashville. The
Buena Ventura this morning is
badly listed. Three Governmeni
tugs are working to pull her intc
deep water. United States ma
rines are now pacing the decks
of both captured steamers, but
the Spanish flag still floats from
the jackstaff of the Pedro. She
came in at half-past 6 o'clock
this morning, and was watched
by large crowds from Key West
docks as she went to her anchor
age.
Captain Bonet is in no mood tc
talk to-day. Her seems to take
matters philosophically. "These
Yankees are getting rather hot it
seems to me," was his caustic
comment as he leaned over the
rail and spoke to the Herald-Call
man who ran alongside in a steamer.
The third prize belongs to the
Ericsson. It was captured at
dawn to-day close to the harbor.
It was a small fishing schooner.
Lieutenant Usher, in command of
the Ericsson, caught sight of the
little vessel trying, to beat out of
the harbor to the open sea. The
Ericsson soon headed her off, and
not being provided with any spare
men to act as a prize crew Lieuten
ant Usher simply ordered the
schooner to run on ahead of him.
In this way he chased her along
until he could turn her over to the
tender mercies of the cruiser Cin
cinnati. The Ericsson's officers
then resumed their duties without
waiting to learn what disposition
was made of their prize.
A prize crew had just been put
aboard the Pedro from the flagship
when the torpedo-boat Foote which
was scoutin-g ran up and reported
that a large steamship had been
sighted seven miles away, appar
ently bound out of Havana, and
showing no colors. The New York
soon overhauled the stranger and
boarded her. She was found to be
the German steamship Amrum
bound from Havana. Her papers
were all right and she was per
mitted to go after being informed
that Havana was under blockade.
The German is a ship of 500
tons, Captain Schmrull. She had
been in Havana harbor with cattle
from Tampico. Hearing of the ar
rival of the United States fleet off
Havana, Captain Schmrull, nor anx
ious to be bottled up in the harbor,
ran out and was overhauled by our
fleet. The Amrum put into Key
West early this morning and is now
waiting orders by cable.
The Pedro is owned by the Nav
igation Company of Bilbao, is of
1628 tons net register, is about
330 feet long, has over 38 feet
beam and draws 28 feet of water.
She was built at Newcastle in
18S3 an< 3 has on board a crew of
thirty-six men.
Speaking of the two prizes now
lying at this port, Lieutenant Com
mander Lyon of the Dolphin, who
is now the senior officer here, ex
plained why the Spanish flag still
flies from the Pedro while the Buena
Ventura shows no colors. The
captain of the Pedro flew his col
ors during the entire time of the
pursuit by the New York and re
fused to haul them down.
Technically these prizes do not
become the property of our Gov
ernment until a prize commission
has passed upon the captures and
adjudicated the claim. In the
meantime it is customary to permit
the flag of .the country from which
the capture is made to fly as usual.
The officers and crew are at liberty
to leave the Spanish ships and
come ashore provided they are not
stopped by quarantine regulations.
They have already expressed a
preference, however, to remain
aboard their captured vessels.
Captain Bonet and his men of tne
Pedro evidently think the Cubans
of Key West are a very blood
thirsty lot of patriots and do not
care to trust themselves to their
tender mercies ashore.
Lieutenant Commander Lyon
is in consultation with the United
States District Attorney relative
to the appointment of a prize
commission.
QUOTAS OF THE
SEVERAL STATES
ARE DETERMINED
Continued from First Page.
ana lieutenants have been recom
mended to the President by the Sec
retary of War and by the Governors
if the States for appointment, as
brigadier - generals of volunteers
rhey are Colonel Carpenter, Fifth
Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Davis
Fourth Infantry; Colonel Lawtot
md Major Garlington of the in
spector-general's corps; Lieutenant
colonels Wagner and McArthur oi
:he adjutant's corps and Lieutenant-
Colonel Ludlow of the Corps of En
gineers.
The Governors of many of the
States have already requested per
mission of the War Department to
jive command of the first regiment
:o be raised in their respective States
:o the captains or lieutenants of the
regular army who have been asso
ciated-with the National Guard as
nstriirfo-rc
BURN
: PRESIDENT'S PICTURE
Copyright, IR9S. by James Gordon Bennett
VALENCIA, April 23.— Unl- '
versity students publicly burned
here to-day the last portrait of
President McKinley to be found
in Valencia, the whole available
supply of the Presidents pic
tures being used up In a pre
vious auto-da-fe. Afterward they
invaded the Bank of Spain and
turned into an unpatriotic crowd
of money-changers, who, regard
less of the country's honcr and
credit, were anxiously waiting to
change their bank notes into
specie.
The fortifications of the Bale
aric Islands have been quietly
but rapidly strengthened. Guns
and stores and drafts of troops
to reinforce the garrison have
been dispatched from here and
Barcelona during the last few
days.
TTTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
DINGLEY'S WAR
REVENUE BILL
Will Raise About One
Hundred Million
Dollars.
Provision Made for a Popular
Loan by the Issuance of
Bonds.
Democrats May Oppose the Measure
Because They Were Not
Consulted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 23.
Chairman Dingiey of the Ways and
Means Committee this afternoon intro
duced in the House the war revenue
measure which the Republican mem
bers of the Ways and Means Commit
tee have prepared. It is the intention
of Chairnrfin Dingiey to press the bill
on Monday, and he hopes to have it
through the House before adjourning
on Tuesday.
It is probable that this programme
will meet with opposition from the
Democrats, who have not been con
sulted in its preparation and who will
not have an opportunity to see it until
it is presented to the full committee
on Monday morning at 10 o'clock. They
are inclined to think that they have
been most unfairly treated. As it is
distinctly a war measure, in which they
are expected to acquiesce without op
position, they believe they should have
been consulted in its preparation. The
Democrats have already decided to of
fer an income tax amendment.
Chairman Dingley estimates that the
measure, as framed, will raise between
$90,000,000 and $100,000,000. Tea and
coffee, railroad tickets and petroleum,
all of which were considered at differ
ent times as subjects for taxation, are
not touched in the bill. The revenue
tQ.be derived is distributed as follows:
Fermented liquors, $35,000,000; tobacco,
$15^.000,000; cigars, $5,000,000; tobacco li
censes, $5,000,000; stamp tax on docu
ments, telegrams, etc., $30,000,000; ton
nage tax, $2,500,000.
The amount to be raised by the
stamp tax on wines, mineral water,
chewing gum, etc., has not been esti
mated.
Certificates of deposit in bank or trust
companies, 2 cents lor sums not exceed
ing $10u; 5 cents above- that amount. Cer
tificates of other descriptions, 1U cents;
charter contracts for ship, vessel or
steamer which dots not exceed iiuo tons,
$4; or between 3i'O and 6uo tons, $6; ex
ceeding 000 tons, $10; raemoraimum of sale
of goods, stocks, bonds, real estate or
property of any kind issued by brokers,
10 cents; conveyances when the considera
tion exceeds $luo and does not exceed $500,
50 cents; between $SUO and $10ou, $1; be
tween $1000 and $2500, (2; between $s(wu and
$10,000, $10; between $10,000 and $20,000, $20;
for each additional $lu,OoO. $10.
Telegraphic messages, except press dis
patches, 1 cent on messages below the
charge of 20 cents and 3 cents where the
charge is above 2o cents.
On the entry of goods of custom-houses
for consumption, not exceeding $100 in
value, 25 cents; between $100 and $i»uo. 40
cents; exceeding $500, $1; entry for with
drawal of goods from bonded warehouses,
50 cents.
Life insurance policies, not including ac
cident policies, for $luiX>, 20 cents ;. marine
and lire insurance, 25 cents; leases for a
period not exceeding three years, 50
cents; exceeding that period $1.
Clearance papers for a cargo destined
for a foreign port, if the tonnage of the
ship does not exceed 300 tons. $1; between
oW and 600 tons, &i; exceeding 600 tons. $5.
Mortgages not exceeding *600, 50 cents;
between $500 and $lwO, $1; between $1000
and $2500, $2; between $2500 and $5000, $5;
between $5000 and $10,ih*), $10; between
$10,000 and $20,000, $15; for each additional
$10,000. $10.
Passage ticket for foreign port, if less
than $30, $1; exceeding $30, $0.
Power of attorney, 25 cents; power of
attorney to convey real estate or rent or
lease the same, $1; probate of will or let
ters of administration where the estate
does not exceed $2500, 50 cents; between
$2500 and $5000, $1; between $5000 and $20,
000, $2; between $20,000 and $50,000, $5; be
tween $50,000 and $100,000, $10; between
$100,000 and $150,000, $20. and for each ad
ditional $50,000, $10. Protest against any
note, check, acceptance, etc., 25 cents;
warehouse receipts for goods, merchan
dise, etc., held in storage, 25 cents.
The bill also imposes a system of ton
nage taxes of 8 cents per ton, not to ex
ceed 96 cents per ton per year, upon all
vessels from foreign ports, and from the
receipts from these duties $750,000 is ap
propriated for the marine hospital ser
vice.
It is also provided that In addition to
the quantity of tobacco and snuff in
packages, now authorized by the law,
there may be a package of smoking to
bacco containing one and three-fourths
ounces; and in addition to the number
now authorized by law In packages of
cigarettes there may be a package con
taining eight and sixteen cigarettes each
The loan provisions of the bill are as
follows:
"The Secretary of the Treasury is here
by authorized to borrow on the credit of
thevUnited States a sum of $500.000 000. or
so much thereof as may be necessary
and to prepare and issue therefor at not
less than par coupon or registered bonds
ot the United States in such form as he
may prescribe, and in denominations of
$60, or some multiple of that sum, re
deemable In coin at the pleasure of the
United States after ten years from the
date of their issue and payable twenty
years from such date, and bearing inter
est payable quarterly in coin, at the rate
of 3 per cent per annum; and the bonds
herein authorized shall be exempt from
ah taxes or duties of the United States
as well as from taxation in any form by
or under State, municipal or local author
ity; provided, that the bonds authorized
by this section shall be first offered as a
popular loan under such regulations to
be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury as will Rive opportunity to the
citizens of the United States to partici
pate in the subscriptions to such loans;
and a sum not exceeding one-half of 1
per cent of the amount of the bords
herein authorized is hereby appropriated
to pay the expense of preparing, adver
tising, issuing and disposing of the same.
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to borrow from time to time,
at the market rate of interest, not exceed
ing 3 per cent per annum, such sum or
sums as. In his judgment, may be neces
sary to meet public expenditures, and to
Issue therefor certificates of indebtedness
in such form as he may prescribe and in ;
denominations of $50 or some multiple of
that sum, and each certificate so issued
shall be payable with the interest accrued
thereon at such time, not exceeding one
year from the date of its issue, as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe;
providing, that the amount of such certifi
cates outstanding shall at no time exceed
one hundred million dollars; and the pro
visions of existing law respecting coun
terfeiting and other fraudulent practices
are hereby extended to the bonds and
certificates of indebtedness authorized by
this act." i
SPAIN WILL NOT ISSUE
LETTERS OF MARQUE.
MADRID, April 23.— The Gaceta to
morrow will publish a decree in sub
stance as follows:
First— The Government reserves liberty
as to the question of coal being contra
band of war.
Second— Spain will not Issue letters of
marque and will treat all vessels holding
letters of marque issuer! by America a.s
pirates and not as privateers. Spain will
utilize a number of merchantmen as aux
iliary warships and will exercise the right
of search, both by regular and auxiliary
| warships. 1
FATHER DORNEY
TO BE CHAPLAIN
OF THE IOWA
The Well-Known Catholic Priest
Has Secured a Commissioo
Fron) the Ur)ited States.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Father Maurice J. Dorney, pastor of St. Gab
riel's Roman Catholic Church, Chicago, to-day secured a commission
from the United States Government as chaplain, and will leave Mon
day to join the fighting men with Captain Robley D. Evans on the
battleship 10-.va in front of Havana. Father Dorney is widely known
throughout this country and Ireland. He is a particular friend of
Michael Davitt, the well-known Irish member of Parliament. Father
■ Dorney was the temporary chairman of the Philadelphia convention at
■ which the Irish National League of America was organized, and it was
' he who carried over to London and delivered to Mr. Labouchere and
Sir Charles Russell, now Lord Chief Justice of England, the original
letters written by Piggott. who proved the latter to have forged the
letters which he introduced in testimony at the Parnell trial. The let
ters carried by Father Dorney completely overthrew the London Times'
case against Parnell, and the day after their introduction Piggott ran
away to Spain, where a day or two later he committed suicide. The
letter thus delivered so timely had been for years in the possession of
Hon. Patrick Egan, who was the treasurer of the Land League in
Ireland, and who subsequently became a citizen TTf the United States
and served as our Minister to Chile under the administration of Presi- ■
dent Harrison. Mr. Egan discovered that the letters which he had ■
would completely overthrow the London Times' case and vindicate ■
Parnell. He hurried to Chicago and requested Alexander Sullivan, ■
formerly president of the Irish National League, to select some one ■
to bear the precious document in safety to London. Mr. Sullivan's ■
selection was Father Dorney. The result sh6\ved how well he esti- ■
mated the fidelity of the loyal priest who is now about to enter his -
country's service. Captain Evans was in command at Valparaiso dur- -
ing the exciting times when Minister Egan showed his mettle, and it ■
■ is thought one of the results of the friendship then formed is Father ■
Dorney's assignment at this time to Captain Evans* battleship, the -
lowa.
FRENCHMEN
ON THE WAR
Statesmen and "Warriors
Think Hostilities Will
Be Prolonged.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Eennett.
PARIS, April 23.— 0n the eve of hos
tilities between Spain and the United
! States I thought it desirable to obtain
! of persons especially qualified to speak
i opinions on certain probabilities likely
I to arise in naval warfare about to be
| gin or the part therein likely to be
■ taken by neutral powers and the con
; sequences Immediately arising as to
■ commercial relations between the Unit-
I ed States and certain great European
| ports. I have seen M. Lock'roy, for
| merly French Minister of Marine. He
! says: "The conflict is calculated to
! cause us all much consideration and
j even anxiety, I don't agree with those
j "who believe or affect to believe and who
I state in the newspapers that the game
j may be played out in a few weeks when
j once hostilities have begun.
"The United States has many eie
i ments of success, but one must not lose
i sight of the defensive resources of
; Spain, of her few vulnerable points, of
her legendary tenacity, her better or
i ganized, better equipped and bett-er
| trained army and navy; also her spe
| cial qualifications for guerrilla warfare,
j in which she has always been success
ful on land and which she will naturai
ly try to carry on at sea, and which
may be indefinitely prolonged."
"Do you then consider that privateer
ing can be carried on without interven
tion of neutral powers, or that they
would submit to the inconveniences in
volved in the right of search?"
"I believe that the auestion is ex
tremely complicated, and I consider
that some understanding should be
come to, but I don't see how Spain can
be prevented from using her best, If
not only means of defense without act
ing toward her with partiality equiva
lent almost to forcible intervention, and
to her detriment."
After seeing M. Lockroy, I consulted
several high officials In the French
navy. The prevailing opinion is that
American ships are better armed and
faster than Spanish ships, and in a
stand-up fight should have the' better
I of it, but they appear to hold a high
I opinion of the bravery and qualifica
tions of some of the Spanish sailors.
One admiral, a member of the high
council of the Marine Francaise, told
me that he witnessed the trials of the
Cristobal Colon at Genoa, and, like all
other officers present, was struck by
the combined skill and boldness with
which the Spanish captain sent to take
the vessel from Italy handled her.
"We saw him," he said, "enter the
harbor at a speed of eighteen knots,
and bring her to anchor without the
slightest hesitation and without a mis
take. There's a man who will be heard
of hereafter."
The captain In question is now the
rear-admiral. The crucial point, ac
cording to French sailors, is that of
the coal supply and munitions, and un
less Spain has taken such precautions
that loss by blockade of one or more
of her transports would have no ef
fect, the struggle may shortly become
hopeless and also a great distance from
the base of operations.
As to the political consequences of
war, I consulted an eminent foreign
diplomat, who said: "I consider that
the campaign which the United States
have just entered on is a particularly
serious event in their history. They risk
the loss of part of the advantage de
rived during half a century from the
curse of the military systems which
devour old Europe. They propound to
the old continent problems which jus
tify the remark attributed to the Ger
man Emperor: 'After the yellow
specter are we about to be confronted
by the Yankee specter?'
"In any case, this campaign, with the
facts and negotiations that preceded
it, furnish indications of a state of
feeling and tendencies calculated to
cause uneasiness on this Bide of the
ocean."
ASKS FOR SIX-INCH
DISAPPEARING GUNS.
Mayor of Santa Barbara Makes a
Modest Appeal to Governor
Budd.
SACRAMENTO, April 23.— The fol
lowing telegram from the Mayor of
Santa Barbara was received to-day at
the Governor's office:
Hon. James H. Budd: In view of Santa
Barbara's defenseless condition, your
permission for the organization of home
guards is hereby requested. Can you
supply us with two five or six inch dis
appearing guns or other ordnance and
250 stands of arms? This arrangement
would protect us from privateers— home
guards to support State militia here.
Please answer forthwith, Btating condi
tions and particulars.
EDMUND BURKE, MayoT. '
DAY LIKELY TO
BE ADVANCED
Almost Certain to Be Of-
fered the Portfolio of
State.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
NEW YORK, April 23.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: When
President McKinley left the White
House this afternoon to take a drive
with Vice President Hobart he showed
no traces of the mental ordea! through
which he is passing. His complexion
was clear, his eye fresh and bright, and
he greeted with a complacent smile
those who stood near the entrance and
saluted with uncovered head. His
step is firm, his voice strong and steady
and he says he is enjoying perfect
health. The physical pressure upon
him has been ...tense recently, but his
regular habits and his quiet repose
when he retires for the night account
for his excellent condition.
There has been much speculation of
an unofficial nature in and about the
White House, departments, hotels and
capitol relative to Cabinet changes.
Who Secretary Sherman's successor
will be is a matter of considerable spec
ulation, but Assistant Secretary Day, I
am positively assured, will be offered
the important office, although it is not
definitely settled that he will accept .t.
There is talk of transferring Charles
Emory Smith from the Postoffice De
partment to the Department of State.
It is also suggested that Attorney-Gen
eral Griggs should be given a state
portfolio. The names of Senator Da
vis of Minneapolis, former Senator
George F. Edmunds of Vermont, and
John W. Foster of Ohio are also men
tioned in connection with the place.
Those close to the President posi
tively decline to discuss the subject, as
they have no desire to wound the feel
ings of Secretary Sherman or antici
pate such action as may be necessary
in the near future. Mr. Sherman's
friends assert that the Secretary has
for some time seriously considered the
matter of retiring from active public
life, but, like many other men who
have figured long and successfully on
the national stage, he cannot make up
his mind when to say farewell to the
scenes of his brightest efforts.
TO BRIGADES
OF TROOPERS
Organization of Regiments
at Chickamauga Is
Completed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 23.—
The organization into brigades of all
the cavalry regiments of the United
States army centered at Chickamauga
Park is now complete. The following
general order was issued to-day by
Major General Brooke:
Camp George H. Thomas,
Chiokamaugra Park, Ga., April 23, 1898.
General field orders No. 4.
The cavalry of this command is org.ir
ized as follows:
Cavalry division— Colonel A. K. Arnold,
First Cavalry, commanding.
First lirigade— First Cavalry, Second
Cavalry. Tenth Cavalry.
Second Brigade— Third Cavalry, Sixth
Cavalry. Ninth Cavalry.
The light artillery and infantry will be
brigaded in a later order. By com
mand of GENERAL. BROOKE.
Three thousand regular troops are
now encamped at Chickamauga, the
number to-day having been almost
doubled. The soldiers arrived so fast
that it was difficult to handle them
promptly, hardly an hour of the day
passing without two or more long train
loads coming in. The work of unload
ing the trains at the park was rendered
doubly difficult by rain, which fell at
intervals all day. On this account all
drills were suspended until Monday.
After that time, however, army life
will begin in earnest. It is expected
that by that time nearly all the regu
lar troops to be located at Chicka
mauga will have arrived. The Seventh
Infantry from Fort Logan, Colo., which
was reported as having arrived, will
not be in until to-morrow morning.
Miners Have Perished.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 23.— A
fire at 11:30 o'clock to-night burned the
shafthouse of the Londonderry mine on
Ironclad Hill. J. "W. Foster, W. H. Pine
and a man named Jones are in the shaft
and are supposed to have perished.
ALARMED BY
THE WARSHIPS
Spaniards of Havana Now
Gaze Upon the Ameri
can Squadron.
Volunteers, Marines and Reg
ulars Seize Arms and Hasten
to Their Stations.
Those at the Cuban Capita] Now
Fully Realize That the Blockade
Has Beg^n.
Copyright, 1898, by Georgo Grantham Bain.
HAVANA, April 23.— Three cannon
shots re-echoed through the city at
6:30 last evening. It was the alarm
signal previously agreed upon to notify
people of the approach of the Ameri
can squadron. Red flags were hoisted
at Morro Castle and at the fortress of
Cabana. Trumpets were heard sum
moning the troops. Volunteers, ma
rines and regulars seized their arms
and hastened to occupy their respective
stations.
Instead of showing signs of alarm,
the people seemed wild with enthusi
asm. Civilians who had not been called
on to join the defending forces armed
themselves and hastened to join the
troops. Shopkeepers spontaneously
closed their doors, while their clerks
and waiters from the cafes ran to help
defend the city and the honor of the
nation.
The American squadron was dis
cerned almost within range of the har
bor batteries. Seven ships of war were
all that could be seen from shore. Or
ders were given to extinguish the lights
of Morro Castle. Captain-General
Blanco inspected the batteries and is
sued instructions for the night, and
then returned to the palace to dine.
His dinner was interrupted by calls
from generals of the army, leaders in
the colonial cabinet, irrespective of
party, and others of the leading citi
zens of Havana.
Throughout the city order generally
prevailed. A new battalion of volun
teers was quickly formed, being made
up entirely of natives of Barcelona.
Patriotic demonstrations of various
kinds were seen on all sides. A throng
of men, women and children, number
ing perhaps 80,000 assembled on the
wharves, shouting defiance to the Am
ericans.
"Their cannon may shoot," was the
cry, "but here Spaniards stand an im
passable wall."
Marquis Arguelles called, at the Pal
ace to-day and offered $2,000,000 to the
Captain General to use as he saw fit.
Many society women called at the Pal
ace and tendered their services to nurse
the sick and wounded. All of them
wore on their arms badges of national
colors. General Blanco, who was filled
with emotion at their patriotic offers,
thanked them, and said he was dis
posed to accept their services. An or
der has been issued forbidding the
sailing of vessels along the coast and
to neighboring islands.
PRESIDIO REGULARS
ARRIVE AT YUMA.
General Shafter and His Staff Are
Not Far Behind the In
fantry Train.
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— General
Shafter, with his aide de camp, Lieu
tenant Noble, arrived in this city this
morning on the regular passenger over
the Southern Pacific Railway, and left
for New Orleans at 8:15 on the regular
east-bound train. At 10 o'clock the re
mainder of the staff arrived, and at
10:30 departed on the Sunset limited.
The three train loads of troops which
passed through early this morning ar
rived at Yuma at 11 o'clock.
SPANISH BATTLE-SHIP
BURNED IN EFFIGY.
Lads of San Rafael Illustrate Their
Wish the Enemy's
Navy.
SAN RAFAEL, April 23.— San Rafael
was thrown into excitement to-night
by a multitude of lights flashing along
the streets and the shrill whoops and
yells, of a large crowd of boys. The
youngsters carried an imitation of a
battleship, draped in the Spanish col
ors. This was hooted and yelled at
until the Spanish navy was burned in
effigy on Fourth and B streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Am Sound
As a dollar, but only a little while ago
I was an intense sufferer. After ty-
phoid I had an abscess on my side,
which did not break for six months,
and then it became a running sore
so that it caused me intense suffering
all the time. I was told I could only
be cured by an operation, as four
pieces of bone had come from the
sore. - Before submitting to the sur-
geon I decided to take Hood's Sar-
saparilla. I knew there was a de-
cided change for the better when I
had taken three bottles, and when I
had taken the fourth the sore had
healed. I was. soon restored to per-
fect health, which I have enjoyed
ever since. - I value Hood's Sarsapa- '
rilla. ;W. H. HEFFNER. Alvira, Pa.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1: six for $5.
Hnf»ri'« Pillc act harmoniously with
" uuu a » '""Hood's Sarsaparilla, 25c.
WHY F>fW «p»
$1.75 or &2, v \fv>
When you can gat a better light ' • — '"^Ss '
COMPLETE FOR 75c #j|^
Atth« '/j (WSJ X --
METEOR INC ANDES- '/t^X
" ; CENT GASL.IGHT CO., ' (Vl\\
1300 Market st., corner £ji
~~: McAllister. --;• - , ■. Hr. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RETAIL
b HOUSE
Shirts and Men's
Furnishing Goods
In the United States.
6 Stores and Factory,
Largest Stock,
Reliable Goods,
k Popular Prices.
Reliable Goods,
Popular Prices.
ram
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Los Angeles and Sacramento.
QUESTIONS ANSWERED.
There are a great many afflicted people In
California who are ailing, but who have not yet
sought relief at the hands of th« ENGLISH
AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS. 731
MARKET ST. . ,
- Many, if not all of these suffering mortals
are at a loss to know how these great doctor?
are able to perform that which teems beyond
the skill of man to accomplish.
Incorporated for $250,000.
CATARRH CURED FOR &S.OO.
To begin with, the staff of the ENGLISH
AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS is
composed of five regularly graduated physi-
cians and- surgeons — doctors who iiave had long
years of successful practice in hospitals and *
families before taking: up the all-important-
work of the Specialists.' --•. •■■■ ? -.'" ,-■-
These, doctors have at their command the
latest improved and most modern apparatus,
appliances and remedies,' and have all their
prescriptions filled by a careful and compe-
tent druggist in their own laboratory.
But best of all. th *c doctors are the doctors
that cure — no matter how oftjn ethers may
have failed.
Book sent free to those that cannot call.
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 market Street.
Hours, 8-5. Evenings, 7-S. Sundays, 9-11.
Druiiist CATARRH
for & generous _
1O CENT Sli^/^i***®
TRIAL SIZE. .■ygUgSl
ELY'S f^ll&flSl
CREAM BALM g* JWM
contains no cocaine, mer-H^fcr**^ -<-TM
cury or any other Injurious WB%j§^^'Sofcj&£Bi
It 'opens and cleans the ry^-^T°^|
Nasal Passages, Allays
Pain and Inflammation, pfi 1 T\> lIP IPI
Heals and Protects the I 111 111(1 HI- A I
M £Ser the Senses of bULUlntltfl I)
Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed Gives
relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail;
Trial St*«. 10c. at Druggists or by mail
ELY BROTHERS, 06 Warren St.. . New York.
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THURSDAY, APRIL 28 - - at 12 M. sharp
TUBE, NEAR MARKET ; SENT $175.
65x137:6—116 Turk, near Market St.: 46 rooms
now at greatly reduced rent; pays $175; part
of lot unimproved; less' than 2 blocks from
Market in 2 directions.
CHOICE STEINER-STREET LOT. ';. ;
25x100— E. line of Steiner, 125 feet N. of Oak;
street accepted; fine view, and fashionable lo-
cality.
FIRST AYE.; NEW FLATS ; RENT $35.
85x107— Ist aye.; N of Sacramento; two
sunny modern flats; Ist aye. is a Boulevard;
sold only on account of departure.
26 LAUREL and 19 GUT PLACE, Off Ist ; Rent $30
60x160— Minus L of 25x30, off Ist. bet. Folsom
and Harrison, fronting 50 feet on Laurel placo
and 25 feet on Guy place; front and rear house.
DOLORES-STREET CORNER PROPERTY.
25:11x95— N. W. cor. Dolores and 22d; store
and dwelling; streets In good condition; Mis-
sion st. Electric branch cars pass.; f-'
THREE LOTS, BOTCE. S. OF POINT LOBOS.
75x120— E. line of Boyce st., 275 feet south of
Pt. Lobos aye., as . a whole, or . three lot»,
each 25x120; Boyce st. runs oil Pt. Lobos ■ ava.
four blocks east of Ist aye. • ', '
THREE LOTS, EUREKA, S. OF 20th. ■
25x130 each— lots west line of Eureka.-
commencing' loo feet south of 20th; street ac-
cepted. Take Castro st. cable.
BUILDING LOTS, 17th, E. OF EUREKA. •
62:6x75— 5. line of 17th, commencing 125 feet
east of Eureka; street accepted; patent side-
walk.
3021 PINE ; RENTS $25. ' ' -".-••
31xS7-S. line of Pine. 91:5 feet E. of Central
aye.; front and rear house.
22d, NEAR UNION IRON WORKS ; RENT $12.
25x75—415 22d S. line of 22d, E. of Michigan-
close to. the - Union Iron Works. ilxu -" 1Ban '
| ___
Pit f*|^ e «ter'« En Uih Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal PILLS
HX^V . Original and Only Genuine- A
/"<( ffiSi Sin E> - .* 1 7* r JL reU » ble - L»»'tS Mk J£\.
■|%9B*]iH&vm ra Brand in Red Tnd Enaluh />ia- j6?V\
C^*^ i! C^ir'"' i Brand in Kcd and Gold cieullioVVSy
4& KrT' 01 " 1 >eal#d witb W»»ribboa. TakoVßr
I T I "JyaPQ other. Refuse dangerous mbttiiu- >r
IL. ' 1n\ ion * andimitationt - AiDrngsi»t», or§ena4»
1m •jf »J ttamps for partlcal»«, te»Omonl»Ij »ol
_V^^ f9 Keller for Ladle*," <n later, br retnra
mat by tU Loqi DruggUU. PHILAUA^y?
i RPTTQUT7C FOR barbers, BAK-
JJUU OXIJuO erH ' bootblacks, bath*
houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, , laundries, paper-
hangers,- printers, ! painters, shoe factories
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento StINCREASES
NUMBER OF
REGULARS
Passage by the House of
the Bill to Reorganize
the Army.
Maximum Strength of the Four
Arms to Be 61,010, and Extra
Officers to Be Retired
After the War.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
"Washington, April 23.
The House to-day passed the army
reorganization bll lat the urgent request
of the President and Secretary of War,
but the Senate did not remain In session
as was expected, and the bill will not
go to the President until next week.
Some fear was expressed on the Demo
cratic side that the bill might Increase
the regular army In time of peace, but
an amendment prepared by Bailey
which removed all doubt on this score
■was accepted by Hull, and the bill
passed by a unanimous vote.
The bill reorganizes the army Into the
three hattalion formation, and author
izes the twenty-live regiments of the
infantry arm of the service to be re
cruited up to a total of 31,800 enlisted
ir.<-n. It authorizes the recruitment of
the ten regiments of the cavalry arm
of the service to a total of 12.000enllsted
men, the sf-ven regiments of the artil
lery arm of the service to 16,457 men.
and the engineer hattalion of five com
panies up to 752 enlisted men, includ
ing two ii'.n-coinmissioned officers,
h makes a total for these four
arm* of the service, when at maximum
'■'10.
Th <>f officers provided for
in the bill :>:: >: First, twenty-five ma
jors, as provided in the first section of
:. These majors are to be a per
manent addition to the command offi-
Ci-rs of the regular army.
Second, 150 commissioned officers to
:e f.,r the two infantry com
panies in the third battalion for each
of the twenty-five regiments of in
fantry.
Third, eighty-four second lieutenants, j
being one for each of the eighty-four j
batteries of artillery when recruited to '
a war strength. The second lieutenants ;
are only to be added in the discretion !
of the President, but assuming that the ;
extra lieutenant is necessary and will ■
■mmissloned for each battery of j
artillery, it is a t<ual of commissioned
■ the present number j
authorized by law of 269. Of this num
ber, as abi ted, twenty-five are I
majors for the permanent second bat
talion, and the other 236 officers, it is
provided in the last section of the bill, :
shall, on ill' conclusion of hostilities,!
■ her absorbed by filling any vacan
existing in the other companies of j
the service op by an honorable dis- j
qjiarge, which may be deemed neces- j
sary to reduce the commissioned offi
cers of the army to the number now
provided for by the first section of this
act.
The House met at in o'clock, and Hull
immediately called up the army bill. The
bill has been materially modified since it I
recommitted by thi* House a fort- j
night ago. The following important pro
viso was offered by the committee as an
amendment: "Provided, that in the
event of a call by the President for either
volunteers or the militia of the country
the President Is authorized to accept the
of the troops or the various
and Territories, including the
District of Columbia, as organized under
the laws of the States and Territories,
including the District of Columbia."
It was decided to limit the general de
bate to half an hour. Hull briefly ex
; i some of the features of the bill,
lie said the infantry force of the army
us at present organized was not efficient
In time of war with only fifty privates. ,
It placed but twenty-five men to each
ny In the fighting line and made i
army, which cost on a peace i
footing J23.000.U00 per annum, merely or-;
namental. The number of privates In I
each company had been placed in the bill j
Ehty-four to conform -with the or
ganization of the National Guard in the!
rity of the States.
Hull said that it was the rurpose of the j
general army to effect a landing in Cuba'
nt the earliest possible moment. It would |
take six weeks or two months to erjuip
the volunteer army. The United States 1
was doing what no other country on !
earth would dare do— lt was going into j
war without provision for a land force,
ress made no provision for war until
war was at hand. The volunteer army
would be organized whtK- war existed.
Our experts on coast defenses said It
would be absolutely impossible to place
volunteer forces upon the coast defenses
within three months, owing to the com*
plicated character of the new machinery
on the sl( ge guns. This made the in
crease in the regular army artillery
force Imperative.
Hull was besieged by questions as to
the manner In which the reduction of the
army would take plrv-e when hostilities
:. and he explained that the officers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ THE OWL
DRUG CO.
*^MgM CUT-RATE
Tf||w DRUGGISTS,
jm 1128 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PACIFIC COAST DEPOT FOR
FINE TOILET PREPARATIONS!
I>abiache Face Powder, 50c size 30c
Sheffield's li'-ntrifr"-.-. :■-„• hize '1.,,-
Arnica Tooth Soap, 2."c size .....15c
Java Face Powder, 60c size !!..!35c
Lundtx rg I'erfnme In bulk, per ounce.!!!
Pozzoni's Face Powder, 60c size !!!!30c
Bwan'a Down, '.'.'.■■ size "lOc
Cnmelllno. 50c size "" " V,,.
Dickey's Fleur •■ his. EOc size !!!!""r>c
Lourten' Cucumber Cream 2'ic
Woodbury Facial Soap. 23c Blze '{-.
Churchill's Antiseptic Skin Soap, 25c size 15c
4711 Hnsiu 15c cuke. 2 tor'&c
I^-ila Montpz Cream, Toe size (■-,„
Malvlna Cream, 50c size !!!_'! ""t>c
Kspey's Cream, 25c size '.'.'.'."'
Bozodont, 75c size .."" '"soc
Hinds' Honey and Almond Cream, 50c 's'l'ze!'.40c
Headquarters for All Foreign and
Domestic
PERFUMES,
of the skeleton regiments would b« ab
sorbed by promotion.
Underwood (D.) of Alabama vigorously
opposed the measure, which, he declared,
could not possibly pass save under the
stress of war pressure.
Hay (D.) <>f Virginia, who warmly ad
vocated the bill, denied that the purpose
oi the bill was to give West Point offi
cers commands which they would other
wise not obtain.
Cox (L».t of Tennessee, a member of the
committee, supported the bill, which he
said would make the army efficient in
time of war.
Marshall (Ft.) of Illinois, also a member
of the committee, said that In justice to
the War Department and to the regular
army, he would state that the former bill.
which provided for Infantry companies
of 260 men. met the approval of neither.
The bill did not provide vie mode and
method of mustering out the supernu
merary officers when hostilities ceased.
Additional legislation would be required
to accomplish this or possibly the bill
could be construed as conferring this au
thority on the President.
Hull Bald there could be no doubt about
the construction of the law. The super
numeraries would be mustered out when
the war ceased.
Bailey suiu he thought it was not a
very high compliment to the army to be
told that the inefficiency of the army on
the eve of war was admitted. After thirty
years of peace it seemed to him that the
plans of the army to meet an emergency
should have been perfected. It was
strange that an obsolete formation should
have been retained all these years. What
he v.-;is particularly insistent about was
that the supernumerary ofiicers and men
should be mustered out when the war
closed.
Dockery (D.) of Missouri pressed the
same point. Hull finaly agreed to offer
an amendment which would make the
language acceptable to Bailey.
Lacey (R.) of lowa offered an amend
ment providing that "during time of ac
tual war promotions for gallantry In the
field may be made for any vacancies in
any grade in the army without examina
tion and without regard to seniority."
Lacey made a speech in support of his
amendment, which aroused enthusiastic
applause. The provision of the bill, he
said, would make promotions depend
upon seniority and technical skill. Such
officers as Ouster and Sheridan, if the
war should develop such, would be handi
capped. Fighting ability should be re
warded, not ability to pass examinations
Lacey's statement that General Forrest
one of the most clashing Confederate of
ficers, could hardly read and write
brought a storm of protests from the
Confederate veterans.
Handy (D.) of Delaware supported the
amendment. Handy offered an amend
ment to the amendment, providing that
the President should be authorized to pro
mote enlisted men to the rank of second
lieutenants for gallantry in action
Savers (D.) of Texas vigorously op
posed both amendments. He declared
that, if adopted, they would open the
way for favoritism and the exercise of
political influence.
Both amendments were voted down
without division. Then, at 11:55 a m
without completing the consideration of
the bill, the House took a recess to attend
the funeral of Senator Walthall.
The House reconvened after Senator
Ualthalls funeral at 12:50 p. m., and re
sumed the consideration of the army re
organization bill.
Settle (I).) of Kentucky offered an
amendment, providing that the provision
authorizing the President to accept quotas
of troops of the States as organized by
the laws of such States shall not "take
away from the Governors of the respect
ive States their rights to determine how
the quota of the States may be furnished
whether from the organized militia or vol
unteers.
The amendment was defeated An
amendment offered by Bailey was adopt
ed which provided that the army at the
end- of the war should be reduced to a
peace basis by the "transfer in the same
arm of the service or honorable discharge I
under such regulations as the Secretary !
or uar may establish," of supernumerary
commissioned officers and men.
The amendment removed practically all
the Democratic opposition to the bill
Kind (D.) of Utah offered an amendment
which was rejected, which provides O-ui
the act should expire by limitation at the
end of two years. Without further
amendment the bill was passed without
The remainder of the day after 2
o clock, jvas devoted to eulogies on the life
and public services of the late Senator
Earle of South Carolina, and as a further
mark of respect the House at 4:45 p m
HAWAII WILL
NOT BE SEIZED
Denial of the Story That
Our Flag Will Be
Hoisted.
Minister Sewall and President
Dole Say That It Is
Absurd.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, April 23.-Accordlng
to advices brought here to-day on the
steamer Warrlmoo from Honolulu, the
sensational story that the American
Bag was to be hoisted over Honolulu
is without foundation. The Hawaiian
Gazette, the offlcir. Government orgtLn,
undpr date of April 15, publishes denials
by United States Minister Sewall, Ad
miral Miller and President Dole,' who
say the story is absurd.
NEW YORK. April 23.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: i if
ficials of the administration deny thai
steps have been taken Lo raise the
American flag over the Hawaiian Isl
ands as a war measure, but they will
not deny that something of the kind
is under consideration. Must members
of the Senate Committee on For tign
Relations have discussed the matter
among themselves and have -dividu
ally talked it over with the President.
They are not unanimous •-■> support of
adopting this means of annexing the
island. Senator Davis, it is under
stood, is heartily in favor of raisins
the flae r.ow as a war measure, but
some of his associates do not believe
it will be a wise thing to fio
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
REPORTED CAPTURE OF THE
AMERICAN LINER CITY OF
PARIS BY SPANIARDS
Sensational Story of the Seizure Cannot Be Con=
firmed===The Minneapolis and Columbus Are
Sent to Convoy the Steamship.
LONDON, April 23.— The afternoon papers In this city have received dispatches from Belfast saying that trust
worthy news has been received there to the effect that the American liner Paris has been captured off the Irish
coast by a Spanish cruiser. It Is believed, however, that the reports of the capture of the Paris are simply repe
titions of yesterday evening's reports, which have since been found to be untrue.
FALMOUTH, Eng., April 23.— The American line steamer Paris, chartered by the United States Government,
which the Spaniards are trying to capture, passed the Lizard yesterday evening, and should now be well on her
way west.
NEW YORK, April 23.— When asked about the possibility of the capture of the American liner Paris, which
has just sailed for New York, Clement A. Griscomb Jr., manager of the office of the American line, laughed at the
idea. "There is not a vessel in the Spanish navy which can steam within two knots of the Paris' speed," he said.
"If the day is clear a vessel can be sighted twenty miles away. If there is any doubt of the vessel's nationality
it is hardly likely that the Paris will try to make it out. Of course a careful lookout will be kept for Spanish vessels,
but we do not expect any will be sighted which will give her any trouble." The American line steamer Paris has
not returned to Southampton. The only information obtainable is that she passed the Lizard yesterday evening.
OLD POINT COMFORT, Va., April 23.— The Columbia and Minneapolis have put to sea. It was at first sup
posed they were to convey to Key West the Panther, which arrived this evening with 800 marines from the New-
York navy-yard. The Panther, however, did not leave with the big cruisers, which sailed at 11 o'clock, and it is
now believed they have gone to convey the Paris to New York. Commodore Schley received a cipher dispatch to
night, and immediately sent orders to the cruisers Minneapolis and Columbia.
HAS AMERICAN
SHIP SHENANDOAH
BEEN SEIZED?
Owners of the Vessel, Which
Left San Francisco With a
Cargo of Wheat, Do Not
Believe It Is Taken.
LONDON, April 23.— 1t is reported here that the Spaniards have
captured the American ship Shenandoah, Captain Murphy, which left
San Francisco on January 5 for Liverpool. She is a four-masted vessel
of 3256 tons register and owned by Arthur Sewall & Co. of Bath, Me.
BATH, Me., April 23.— The members of the firm of Arthur Sewall
& Co., owners of the Shenandoah, which Is reported captured by the
Spanish on a voyage from San Francisco to Liverpool, refuse to credit
the story that she has been taken, and expect soon to receive news of
her safe arrival at Liverpool, where she is now due. The Shenandoah
is loaded with wheat and a general cargo.
NEW YORK, April 23.— G. V. Dearborn, agent for the American
ship Shenandoah, said that he had heard from trustworthy sources
that it was not his ship, but the British ship Shenandoah from Newport
News, April 13, for Liverpool, that had been boarded and examined by
the Spaniards. The American ship, he said, should be due in Liver
pool to-day or to-morrow at the latest.
FORMING AN
ARMY CORPS
Evidence That Regulars
Willat Once Be Moved
Upon Cuba.
Volunteers Just Called For to
Be Left Behind Until Well
Equipped,
Formal Order for the Creation of
Great Divisions of Troops Issued
by the War Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 23.
The formation of a grand army corps
in the Department of the South, with
headquarters at the three Gulf ports,
is an evidence that the Government is
to move upon Cuba at once with the
troops of the regular army, leaving the
volunteers just called for to be discip
lined and worked into shape for fu
ture use in the campaign. The for
mal order for the creation of this grand
army division, issued at the War De
partment at the close of office hours,
was as follows:
Headquarters of the Army,
Aduitant-General's Office,
Washington, D. C, April 23.
General Order No. .
By direction of the Secretary of War
the following orders of the President are
published for the information and guid
ance of all concerned:
1. The United States troops assembled
in the -Chickamauga National Park will
form an encampment to be known as
Camp George H. Thomas, and will consti
tute, temporarily, an army corps, under
the command of Major-General John R.
Brooke. The corps will consist of one di
vision of cavalry, one division of infan
try and one brigade of light artillery.
The cavalry and infantry divisions will
each be composed of not more than three
brigades, consisting of three or more regi
ments each. The artillery brigade will be
composed of two battalions, each com
prising live batteries. The corps com
mander will assign the senior officers
present for duty with each arm to com
mand <<i divisions and brigades.
2. The infantry regiments concentrated
at New Orlans, L,a.: Mobile, Ala., and
Tampa, Fla., are constituted divisions un
der the command of Brigadier-General
William n. Shatter, Brigadier-General
John I'npningcr and Brin.idier-C.eneral
James i\ wade, respectively. The division
commanders will form their divisions
into brigades and assign the senior offi
cers present for duty to command them.
By command of Major-Genera] Miles
H. C CORBIN, Adjutant-General.
The people of the District of Columbia
will see B great many of the soldiers at
the beginning of next week. By direction
of the President, the entire National
Guard of the District, lSoo strong, has
been ordered Into camp Monday morning
at Soldiers' Home, under the command of
Brigadier-General Harris.
SAGASTA SAYS IT WAS
AN ACT OF PIRACY.
He Believes England Will Protest
Against the Seizure of the
Buena Ventura.
MADRID, April 23.— Senor Sagasta,
the Premier, in an interview to-day de
scribed the seizure of the Buena Ven
tura as an act of piracy in that it oc
curred prior to a declaration of war,
and expressed the belief that Great
Britain would also protest against the
seizure.
The Queen Recent has reiterated her
confidence in Premier Sagasta and
therefore the fear of a Ministerial crisis
has been averted.
Try our SI Eveclasses. 710 Market & 11 Gftarr.
FLAG RAISED
OVER HALLECK
Patriotic Demonstration at
the Old Fort Near
Monterey.
Principal Speakers Men Who
Were Subjects of Spain in
the Past.
Advise Spanish-Americans to Fight
for the Honor of This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, April 23.— T0-day for
the first time since California became
a State the stars and stripes floated
over old Fort Halleck, and the flag was
saluted by a cannon that is a relic of
the Mexican War. The ceremony of
flag raising was under the auspices of
the Monterey Naval Reserve and was
attended by circumstances wholly un
like any likely to occur on a similar
occasion during the present trouble
with Spain. Francis Doud, who un
furled the flag, and Thomas P. Bralee,
who fired the salute, are both Mexican
War veterans, having taken part in
Sloat's occupation of Monterey in 1846.
Rev. Dr. Peck, who offered prayer, is
an octogenarian.
The principal orations were deliv
ered by Spaniards and herein lay the
uniqueness of the event. Rev. Father
Ramon M. Mestres spoke first, his ad
dress being short, well chosen and in
tensely American. He said that as a
priest he gave his prayers, and as a
man he would give his life, if needed,
for the success or honor of the Ameri
can flag. Father Mestres is Spanish.
an ex-officer in the Spanish army, but
a naturalized American.
Jacob R. Leese, a Spanish-American
resident of Monterey, addressed his fel
lows in the Spanish language, showing
great patriotism and zeal for America.
The exercises closed with a formal
call for volunteers, to which twenty
young men immediately responded.
RANDSBURG, April 21.— 0n receipt
of the news that the squadron had been
ordered to move to Cuba, church bells
and fire bells were rung. Several mem
bers of the Miners' Union came run
ning down Butte avenue with their
handsome national colors. Stopping in
front of The Call headquarters, three
times three cheers were given for Old
Glory. Thirteen sticks of dynamite
were touched off as a salute. Business
and professional men, miners and mine
owners then formed themselves into an
impromptu parade. The most notice
able act during the excitement was the
ringing of the fire bell by a Spanish-
American— Thomas R. Rivera.
STOCKTON, April 23.— Companies A
and B, of the National Guard, are
practically filled to the limit, most of
the men being at the armory waiting
orders. A has a few choice places left
open for picked men, and some have
been held open in B. More than 100
persons have enlisted in these two com
panies for the war, and a large num
ber of others have been turned away.
About half of each company consists
of well-drilled men; the other half is
composed of persons who either have
never drilled at all or had drilled very
little.
CARSON, April 23.— T0-day, after the
news was received that the President
had called for 125,000 volunteers. Gov
ernor Sadler immediately instructed
Senator Stewart by wire to offer to the
President a battalion of 500 troops.
The apportionment alloted to the State
according to population would be only
110. The State Militia is to be brought
up to 450, which is a higher percentage
to the population than in any other
State of the Union.
SANTA ROSA, April 23.— At a largely
attended meeting of Grangers this af
ternoon a resolution was passed offer
ing the services of Grange women to
serve as nurses in case they are need
ed. The resolution was forwarded to
the Red Cross Society in New York
OAKDALE, April 23. — Fourteen
young men left this evening for Mo
desto to be sworn into the National
Guard company there. The citizens of
this place have provided conveyances.
The local brass band accompanied
them.
SAUSALITO, April 23.— Uncl« Sam
has evidently decided that affairs with
Spain have reached such a point that
great expedition is necessary in build
ing fortifications. An order of some
kind has recently been received by
those superintending the work of erect
ing fortifications at Lime Point. Al
though its text has been kept a secret
but an inkling- of its intent may be
gathered from the effect. Colonel Su
ter came over to-day and viewed the
progress of the work. On Monday morn
ing an additional force of one hundred
men will be put at work. Lieutenant
Dekime has 300 men ungaged under
Foreman Samuel Patch at the present
time. The excavations are all finished
and simultaneously with placing the
additional force of 100 men at work
concreting for the batteries will begin.
GRASS VALLEY, April 23.— Rev. E.
R. Willis, pastor of the Methodist Epis
copal Church here, telegraphed to Gov
ernor Budd volunteering his services as
chaplain. He has traveled all around
the world and knows the brutal charac
ter of the Spanish and is anxious to go
to war, either to minister to the sick
or dying or to fight for his country.
Four brothers of Dr. Willis performed
gallant service during the Civil War,
and had he been old enough at that
time he would have gone with them.
SPANISH STRATEGY.
Map of trje Brazilian Atlantic showing the possi
ble movements of tfye Spanish fleet fron) Cape
Verde Islands to intercept trje Oregon and rjer
consorts, tr;e Marietta and Nicrjteroy, or) thjeir
way north;.
SCENE OF
THE FIRST
SEA FIGHT
Where the Spanish Fleet
From Cape Verde Isl=
ands May Arrive.
One Naval Officer Believes thfc
Enemy's Ships Will Over
haul the Oregon and
Marietta.
SAILS TO OVERHAUL
BATTLESHIP OREGON.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Ben-
BUENOS AYRES, April 23.—
The Spanish torpedo-boat Teme
rario started for Montevideo at
10 o'clock this morning. Three
thousand Spaniards witnessed
the start and cheered the vessel
and her crew.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 23.
A startling explanation was offered
to-day by a naval officer of what may
be the "Spanish surprise" as to where
the first naval battle will take place.
"All guesses appear to have been over
looked," said he, "except the most like
ly one, and one, too, that any seafaring
man will readily recognize as most
probable.
"By looking at the map you will see
that the northeast extremity of South
America is the nearest point to the
Cape Verde Islands; in fact, only five
days' sailing distance therefrom. Rio
de Janeiro, Brazil, is nearly the same
distance from this extreme point as
is the Cape Verde Islands.
"The battleship Oregon, the gunboat
Marietta, the Brazilian cruiser Nicthe
roy, lately purchased by the United
States, will have to round this extreme
point of the South American continent
en route to join the Key West squadron.
"There is no doubt that the prom
ised surprise is this: The Spanish fleet
will arrive in the path of the Oregon
and her sister ships about the time the
latter are due off the point of land
named, destroy them, and then sail
northward to attack Sampson's fleet.
"The business of that Spanish tor
pedo boat at Montevideo is not to at-
tack the Oregon, but to keep posted as
to the time the Oregon passes north
ward, and in turn Inform th«
Spanish at Cape Verde, so that they
can time their departure. The Oregon
will probably not stop until she reachea
Rio de Janeiro, where she will coal, and
from there, with the Marietta and Nic
theroy, proceed northward.
"As the whole Spanish fleet will un
doubtedly come to American waters.
they are evidently planning to effect
this coup en route, and as the Oregon
would be no match for the fleet, Amer
ica would lose the first naval engage
ment."
CUTTER PERRY
A PATRIOT SHIP
Will Be Fitted Out With
Six-Pound Guns and
Armor.
Designed for Service in Pro
tecting Shipping on This
Coast.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 23.— The United
States revenue cutter Perry, which is
now at anchor in Seattle Harbor, will
be immediately fitted out as a war ves
sel. She will be supplied with six 6
pounders and two additional 1-pound
ers. It will also be necessary to pro-
tect her boilers and machinery with as
heavy armor as she can carry. The
changes on the cutter will likely be
made at San Francisco.
The Perry has been transferred by
the Treasury Department to the Navy
Department. To-day Captain W. C.
Kilgore arrived here from Washington
to assume command of the Perry. As
soon as the work can be done the cut
ter will be put into shape to drive out
Spanish buccaneers who may visit the
Sound, and to do efficient service in
protecting American coast shipping
from any attacks by the Spanish.
Captain Phillips, who has been in
command of the Perry for some time,
has been ordered east to Savannah, Ga.
There he will take command of the
United States ship Boutwell, to per
form patrol duty along the Atlantic
coast. The Boutwell is an armored
fighting ship, and the service in which
Captain Phillips will be engaged is
similar to that in which Captain Kil
gore has embarked.
Captain Kilgore's coming was some
what unexpected by Captain Phillips,
and the latter was in ignorance of the
fact that the cutter had been trans
ferred to the Navy Department ten days
ago. Captain Kilgore has not yet re
ceived his orders from the Secretary
of the Navy, but it is known that the
Perry is to be assigned to duty on
Puget Sound and the northwest coast.
The St. Louis Arrives.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The Ameri
can Line steamer St. Louis arrived
from Southampton. The St. Louis saw
no warships. The Government will
take possession of the St. Louia to
morrow.
Go to the Balston, 783 Market,
For a good 25c French dinner, with wine. •
34
DUBLIN'S NEW
SOCIAL EVENT
First Production of a Play
Called "The Transit
of Venus."
While Rehearsing Signor Lam
belet Has a Close Call in
an Accident.
J. J. Clancy, Tho Call's Spacat Corrs-
Bpondent in Irelt-nd, Sends an In
teresting Review of Affairs.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN, April 9.— Parliament hav
ing ris'-n for the Easter recess and po!i- j
ticians being weary the business of so
cial life predominates here as elsewhere
this week. Moreover, we are to witness
in Dublin to-night a social event very,
rare Indei d .11 these days in the Irish
capital, ihe first production, namely, of
a new play by a well-known author and
a rising composer. Dublin, in the days \
of its prim< — that is, when it was the '
Feat of an Irish Parliament — was a fa- j
vorlte home for all votaries of tho !
Stage. Some of the most famous actors
and actresses of the so-called British j
flrst made their reputations here; j
Handel lived and worked here for some
years and up to a short time ago the
organ which he used was still in the
in Secies street which he inhabi
and it may bo added that a dra- j
matic or musical reputation made in
Dublin then was a passport to immedi
uccess in England. But since ISOO
ull the wealth and fashion of the coun- j
try have steadily gone in the wake of |
the Parliament to London, and the |
drain has proved fatal to intellectual
as well as material progress in Dublin
and in Ireland. Up to about twenty
five years ago indeed the old Theater
Royal— a fine, spacious building con
structed for better times — used to at
tract in the season some first-rate ar- |
lists in opera, in the regular drama and j
in comedy, and the Gaiety Theater, the
Theater Royal having been burned
down, has since then discharged the
same function, while the Queen's Thea
ter—a house of rather modest propor
haa catered more especially to
the liking for melodrama. But we have
no longer a native school of dramatic!
or operatic artists; those who come to
us May with us usually only for a week j
or two; and scarcely any one thinks of j
bringing out here a new work.
Things, however, appear to be now I
looking up. Last December the caw
Theater Royal opened its doors to the '
pub le, and It Is one of the finest houses
of its kind in the three kingdoms. It
Btands vn the very site of the old one
and was. until ii was recently trans- :
formed, known as the Leinster Hail,
which was itself built some fifteen
years ago and was the scene of many
a famous meeting, including the meet-
Ing at which so many leading politi-
Iged themselves in November, :
to stand by the leadership of Par-
Dell. The persons to whose enterprise
this new theater owes its existence are
not Irish. Mr. Manlllot is of French
extraction and Mr. Morell is an Eng
lishman, but they could not have set
about the work they have undertaken
more enthusiastically if they were Dub- ,
lin men born.
They have absolutely lavished money i
on the d< 1 oration of the place, and they
have now had tho courage to invite the 1
authors of a new pi^ ■<>, who would nat- j
urally make trial first of a place like !
London, to bring It out in th.eir thea- j
ter and thus obtain for it an Irish bap
tism. The event has attracted a good
deal of interest, of course, in Dublin.,
where all the preparations for it have
taken place, including not merely the 1
: trsals, but the painting of the;
Bcenery and the making of the dresses!
and costumes. Apropos of the re- ;
hearsals i may mention before I go;
further thai an accident which has a j
comic aspect, but might easily have '
had a serious aspect, befell thr>
composer, iiifinor Napoleon Lam
belet, as he was "conducting" !
a few days ago. A structure war
raised over the orchestra on which was
placed a piano and a seat for Signor
Lambelet. It appears to have been
rather a frail one; at any rate the en
ergy displayed by tho composer-con- !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
A Positive Cure lor Dyspepsia.
This may read as though we were
putting it a little strong because it is
generally thought by the majority of
people that Dyspepsia in its chronic
form is Incurable, or practically so.
But we have long since shown that
Dyspepsia is curable, nor is it such a
difficult matter as it lirst appears.
The trouble with Dyspeptics is that
they are continually dieting, starving
themselves, or going to opposite ex-
tremes or else deluging the already
ovei burdened stomach with "bitters,"
"after dinner pills," etc.. which invaria-
bly increase the difficulty even if in
■ome cases they do give a slight tem-
porary relief. Such treatment of the
Btomach simply makes matters worse.
What the stomach wants is a rest.
Now how can the stomach become
rested, recuperated and at the same
time the body nourished and sustained?
This is the great secret and this is
also the Becret of the uniform success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. This
1b a comparatively new remedy, but its
success and popularity leave no doubt
as to its merits.
The tablets will digest the food any-
way, regardless of condition of stom-
ach.
The sufferer from dyspepsia, accord-
Ing to directions, is to eat an abund-
ance of good, wholesome food and use
the tablets before and after each meal
and the result will be that the food
will be digested no matter how bad
your dyspepsia may be, because as be-
fore stated, the tablets will digest the
food even If the stomach is wholly
inactive. To illustrate our meaning
plainly, if you take 1800 grains of meat,
eggs or ordinary food and place it in a
temperature of 9S degrees, and put with
it nne of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
it will digest the meat or eggs almost
ns perfectly as if the meat was en-
closed within the stomach.
The stomach may be ever so weak
yet these tablets will perform the work
of digestion and the body and brain
will be properly nourished and at the
same time a radical, lasting cure of
dyspepsia will be made, because the
much abused stomach will be given, to
Borne extent, a much needed rest. Your
druggist will tell you that of the many
remedies adverted to cure dyspepsia
none of them has given so complete
n:,>l general satisfaction as Stuart'a
Dyspepsia Tablets and not least in im-
portance in these hard times is the fact
that they are also the cheapest and
give the most good for the least
money.
A little book on cause and cure of
stomach trouble sent free by address-
Ing Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
FIRST TRAIN
RIDE SHATTERS
THEIR REASON
Members of an flr^ansas Family
Become Temporarily Ir)sar)e
Through Fright.
PORTLAND, Or., April 23.— The passengers on the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation flier, just as it was approaching Ontario, Or., yester
day, were excited by the actions of an Arkansas family, the members
of which the unusual train life had evidently driven mad. The family
consisted of a mother and ftve children, and all seemed to share in a
sort of nervous terror, moar.ind and crying and sobbing on one an
other's shoulders.
When within twenty miles of Ontario, and -while the train was
moving at express speed, the 20-year-old son raised a window and
leaped headforemost to the ground. Luckily the momentum of the
train caused him to turn a complete somersault and he fell on his feet.
The instant he alighted he raced off like a wild man and disappeared
In the woods.
Before she could be restrained the 12-year-o-ld sister of the youth
rushed to the rear platform and jumped from the train.
The train was stopped and a vaquero mounted on a speedy horse
overtook and lassoed the boy, who was then handcuffed. 'When the
boy and his sister, who was also unhurt, were taken to the train, the
whole family raised such a terrible commotion that the passengers all
left the car, leaving the unfortunates to be guarded by the train men.
It was learned afterward that the name of the family was Janney.
They came from Arkansas, where they had lived far away from a rail
road line, and the excitement and fatigue of their first railroad journey
proved too much of a strain for their minds to bear.
ductor at a particular stage of the
performance brought the structure, the
piano, and Slgr.or Lambelet all to
gether into the pit beneath. If signor
had come under the piano he might
have been killed; as it was he merely
fell into and crashed through the big
lum, from -whose ruins he soon
lerged harmless, except for the mo
intary effects of the shock which he
The new piece is called "The Transit
Venus." From what I can hear of
It differs from the musical comedy
hlch we have been accustomed to for
me time past) in that its structure
=ombles that of comic opera more
arly than it does that type of play
which has come to be associated with
musical comedy, that is to say. "The
Transit of Venus" has a consistent
! plot and the music is constructed with
; some regard to "unity." latter day mu
sical plays being generally compounds
of poor tunes, poorer choruses and still
poorer dialogue strung together indis
| criminately and resembling a variety
, entertainment.
The music is said to be very bright
and beautiful, and some who have
heard it during the last few days say
that It is really pood comic opera. The
composer, notwithstanding bis French
name, is a Greek, whr-se productions
have won him great praise in his own
land, and only quite recently Pigrnor
Lambelet was awarded a special decor
ation by the Khedive of Egypt for
music which he wrote for some na
tlonai celebration in that country. He ;
is, I may add, a young man of very
handsome appearance, his features i
having the beauty of the Greek and
the vivacity or brightness r:f the
French. He is to conduct the first per
formance to-night. The "book," or
libretto, is by Mr. Tanner, the author
of several of the most amusing and
successful burlesques and comedies
seen on the English stage for some
time, "The Circus Girl," for instance,
"The Ballet Girl," "In Town," and
other pieces, all of which were pro
duced first in London, and the first of
which has now been running in Lon
don for more than a year. The scene
is laid in the Austrian Tyrol, and the
time is the present day. Of course,
the choice of the Austrian Tyrol gives
an opportunity for making the cos
tumes at once picturesque and true to
the reality, and this opportunity has
not been neglected. The play, as it is
the fashion now, consists of two acts,
but the second act is divided into two
scenes, and the whole is said to go well.
It is fully expected that a big success
will be achieved, and if it were for
nothing else than to reward the enter
prise of the owners of the new theater,
it is to be hoped that that expectation
will be fully realized.
I understand that the holidays are
bringing an unusually large number of
visitors to Ireland for Easter. Even
many fashionable folk are this year
coming to Ireland from England in
stead of gcring to the Continent. This,
no doubt, is the result of the efforts
made in the course of the last couple
of years to popularize Ireland as a
tourist resort. Truth to tell, though
the natural attractions of se% - eral parts
fif the country are almost -if not quite
unsurpassed in Europe, there used not
to be much inducement offered to the
tourist in the shape of comfortable
means of travel and good hotel accom
modation.
But this can be said no longer with
truth. Some of the most picturesque
parts of the western highlands, which
were inaccessible except to hardy and
enthusiastic lovers of natural beauty,
are now traversed by railways by
means of which it is possible to reach
one's destination in almost aay direc
tion from Dublin in the course of a sin
gle day or in even less time. The
Shannon is now navigated by commo
dious steamers throughout the greater
part of its majestic course. First-class
modern hotels, supplied with all the
newest conveniences of civilization,
have sprung up in all directions, par
ticularly in the region of the Kerry
Lakes, and wherever those luxurious
halting places do not adjoin a railway
station car and coach services of an
efficient kind afford an easy means of
communication with the outer world.
Under these circumstances it is na
turally hoped that, whon the facts are
made known in America and England,
Ireland will at last begin to share in
the Pactolus stream of tourist traffic
which has hitherto set almost entirely
in the direction of France, Italy and
Switzerland; and certainly it will not
be amiss If it should so happen.
Apropos of touring in Ireland, it may
be interesting to mention that the
Giant's Causeway— a spot which must
be known to most students of geog
raphy, whether they arc Irish or not —
is now railed off from the general puu
lic and that admission to it can be ob
tained only by the payment of an on
trance fee of sixpence a head — reduood
on Sundays to half that amount. T'lifi
is a new departure brought about by
the action of a syndicate which som*
time ago purchased the Causeway and
thereupon determined to close it to the
cublic except on the terms of an ad
mission fee being paid by every visitor.
In my last letter I think I said a good
deal about the late Sir John Arnott of
Cork. The latest news about him is
that he died even a more wealthy man
than was generally supposed. He left
behind him at least a million pounds
sterling In personalty, in addition to
real property of considerable amount.
His will shows that he entertained to
the end a genuine sympathy with those
who assisted him to realize this fine
fortune. One of his principal sources
of income was his newspaper, the Irish
Times. To the manager of that pa
per he left a very considerable legacy,
and he has done a similar good turn
by the chief men in the management
of his other business concerns. On the
whole, he "cut up well," as the some
what brutal phrase goes, and it is only
a pity that he did not live longer to
enjoy the fruits of his active and be
nevolent life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 189 S.
NEVADA CITY
TO ENTERTAIN
Native Sons and Daugh
ters to Convene on
Monday.
Will Be Met at Colfax by a Com
mittee With a Special
Train.
Programme for tho Week of Their
Stay Includes Many Pleasur
able Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 23.— 0n Mon
day morning the twenty-first annual
session of the Native Sons of the
Golden West will convene in Odd Fel
lows' Hall in this city for a five days'
meeting. Delegates to the number of
250 will arrive at 5 o'clock to-morrow
evening. The reception committee from
Hydraulic Parlor will go down to Col
fax with a band to escort them into
this county from Placer, over the nar
row-gauge railroad.
When the train arrived here Hy
draulic Parlor of Native Sons and Com
pany C, National Guard of California,
will be drawn up in line to formally
■welcome the visitors. A procession will
be formed and march through some of
the principal streets, carriages being
provided for the ladies with the dele
gates. When the line of march Is con
cluded at the Plaza the delegates will
be escorted to their hotels.
The programme for the week in
cludes a public reception on Monday
night, a visit to North Bloomfield mine,
on Tuesday, a parade on Wednesday
morning and a ball in the evening, a
visit to the quartz mine on Thursday
afternoon and a reception by Native
Daughters of Laurel Parlor in the
evenine. a banquet on Friday night.
It will be the liveliest week the Grand
Parlor has ever encountered.
The city is even more beautifully
decorated than for the Grand Army en
campment just closed. Yesterday and
to-day thousands of Native Sons' flags
and emblems have been added to the
display, together with eighteen mam
moth oil paintings of pioneer scenes.
Additions have also been made to the
electrical designs put up a week ago,
and there will be much to see and hear
all the week.
HANNA ACCUSED
BY DEMOCRATS
Conflicting Reports of the
Bribery Investigating
Committee.
Hearsay Testimony Said to Have Been
Admitted by His Political
FO8!.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 23.— A ma
jority of the Senate committee to-day
reported that evidence showed a con
spiracy to elect M. A. Hanna United
States Senator by bribery, and that the
attempt by General Boyce to bribe
Representative Otis was known to
Rathbone, Dick, Hanna and other
workers in M. A. Hanna's interest at
Columbus.
Senator Garfield's minority report
says Otis and his attorney, T. C. Camp
bell, testify that Boyce disclaimed to
them connection with Hanna's Colum
bus workers, but that he (Boyce) was
sent, out by Nevr York parties, whose
identity he refused to disclose. Tne
testimony of Otis and Campbell, Mr.
Garfield says. Is all that was given in
accordance with the rules of evidence
in the courts of Ohio, which the com
mittee agreed to follow, but later the
majority of the committee admitted
hearsay testimony with a view of con
necting Mr. Hanna with the alleged
crime if possible.
Both the majority and minority re
ports review the testimony at great
length. The two reports were quickly
disposed of by the Senate. By a strict
party vote the minority report wafl re
jected and the majority report adopted.
Indian Commits Suicide.
REDDING. April 23.— Charley P. Wal
ker, an Indian, committed suicide in the
County Jail at an early hour this morn
ing by hanging himself to the cross bar
of a window. He was charged with the
murder of an Indian boy called Suchle
who was recently beaten to death at the
rancheria near Balrd, the United States
fishery reservation.
Held on Suspicion.
Emile Leonard, a one-armed man, was
arrested by Detectives Wren and Gibson
at an early hour this morning. He is sus
pected of being the man, who held up a
Japanese near Inglesjde last Tuesday
night.
THE EUROPEAN
PRESS ANGRY
Berlin Newspapers Now
Say Very Harsh Things
About America.
"Insolence" of Uncle Sam Will
Not Prevent Germans
Being Neutral.
Some of the London Journals Begin
to Grow Surly and Snarl at
This Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BEJtLIN, April 23.— With singular
unanimity the German press of every
class is condemning the United States
for the course taken toward Spain. All
the German papers impute to the
United States selfish and base motives
and praise the attitude of Spain, in con
trast with "the undignified course
which the United States is pursuing."
The most rabid of all the German pa
pers in this regard Is the Tageblatt,
which usually has been friendly to
ward American aspirations. The deep
interest taken by the German public
in the matter Is shown by the fact
that practically the entire space of the
newspapers is given up to news rela
tive to the Hispano-American struggle.
Everything emanating from Washing
ton is discussed in hostile temper or
sarcastically commented upon, while
pro-Spanish statements are indorsed
and applauded.
The semi-official newspapers, if not
favorable to the United States, are at
least more cautious. They steadily
point out why Germany (.ught to and
will maintain the strictest neutrality,
laying stress, among the reasons they
advance for such a position, upon the
fact that trillions of Germans, born in
the United States, heartiiy side with
their adopted country in the present
quarrel with Spain.
The organ of Prince Bismarck, the
Hamburger Nachrichten insists that
Germany must follow the policy which
will be the most useful to her own in
terests. "I* is wholly indifferent
to Germans," says the newspaper,
"whether Cuba remains a Spanish col
ony or becomes, an American independ
ent republic. But German-American in
terests must be watched and attention
must be paid to the feelings of Ger
man'- In the United States.
The Nachrichten, however, charac
terizes the action of the United States
as "an insolent piece of presumption
against the rest of the world, an un
justifiable outrage, quite analogous to
the interference by Greece in Crete."
Concluding, the Nachrichten says:
"But German theoretic opposition to
Monroeism can only be practically en
forced when German Interests are di
rectly concerned, which is not now the
case. Therefore the Nachrichten
counsels the strictest neutrality. say-
Ing: "It must be left to Spain indi
vidually to resent American insolence."
Other semi-official German newspa
pers, looking to the future Insist upon
the Importance of Germany's doing
nothing to incur the lasting enemlty
of either of the opponents.
The Schlesische Zeitung emphasizes
this opinion in saying: "There are mil
lions of Germans in the United States
who love their old home, but feel in
this matter the same as the other citi
zens of the United States."
The Vorwaerts concludes a long ar
ticle upon the war betwen Spain and
the United States by saying: "The ene
mies are too unequal to admit of any
supposition but that the war will end
in the utter exhaustion of Spain. To
Spain's loss, however, there will be no
corresponding gain to the United
States. Thus the war, no matter how
it ends, means a great disaster, and
even the dollar-crazy Americans will
hardly be able to call it 'good busi
ness.' "
Commercial men, particularly ship
pers and exporters, regard the war as
favorable to German interests. The
Russian Ambassador at Berlin, Count
yon Soten-Saoken, in an interview
with a correspondent, which presum
ably voiced the of his Govern
ment, said: "It must be recognized
that tbp Madrid Cabinet throughout
has maintained a perfectly correct,
peaceable and dignified attitude, while
the Government of the United States
has been behaving in a manner which
cannot be approved of by believers in
either justice or peace. This is the
common impression in Russia, even in
official circles. After the recent be
havior of the United States, the con
clusion is inevitable that might is go
ing before right in the Cuban ques
tion. So far as I know, Russia, like
Germany, will preserve a strict neu
trality."
GREAT INTEREST TAKEN
BY THE ENGLISH.
But the Press of London Is Begin-
ning to Follow the L ad of
German Cousins.
LONDON, April 23.— The Interest
taken by the public at large in the war
between the United States and Spain
could hardly be exceeded if Great Brit
ain herself were engaged in it. No
other topic is discussed, though hourly
editions of the newspapers are eagerly
bought, and the wildest stories are rife.
On the delivery carts 01 some of the
newspapers are displayed the Stars and
Stripes and the Union Jack, side by
side.
The St. James Gazette, continuing In
the same anti-American strain as for
several days past, says: "The blockade
will clearly not be effective. It is of
the kind which the United States prom
ised it would not endeavor to enforce,
and which no one Is bound to respect."
The paper foresees general interna
tional trouble on the subject and urges
the British Government to send Vice-
Admiral Sir John Fisher, commanding
the "West Indian and North Atlantic
squadron, on a tour of Inspection of the
Cuban coast, to report to Avhat degree
he finds the blockade in existence.
Both the St. James Gazette and Daily
News continue to print letters, the
general tendency of which is to show
that the British public does not sym
pathize with the United States.
The Daily News prints a letter say
ing that that paper, as well as the
Times, the Spectator and other papers
of the same standing, are out of touch
with the real public sentiment, "in re
gard to the present high-handed pro
ceedings of the Americans."
The Saturday Review is teeming with
insults to the United States, which, it
says, is "socially sordid to the last
degree, its courts and civil institutions
are corrupt and it has shown the world
the depth of public depravity into
which civilization is capable of de
scending." As to the reason why the
English ruling classes really "sympa
thize with Spain," the Saturday Review
says: "It is a question of manners.
We are all disgusted with those raw,
blatant Americans, who scour Europe
in search of their self-respect and can
not conduct a mere legal cause with
decency." ,
DEATH CLAIMS
JUDCE SPENCER
San Jose Mourns the i_oss
of a Prominent
Citizen.
Occupied Many Positions of
Trust in County and
State.
Was a Trustee of Stanford University
end a Director of the Central
Pacific Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— Judge Francis
E. Spencer, a prominent resident of this
city and one of the best known lawyers
in the State, died this evening after an
illness of a month.
Judge Spencer was born in Tironde
roga, N. V., in 1534. His parents shortly
afterward removed to Illinois, and he
was educated in the public schools of
Joliet. He came to California at the
age of 18 with his parents and settled
in San Jose. Young Spencer tried
sheep raising and farming, and then
turned his attention to medicine, h's
father being a prominent physicia.i.
This did not suit him and he to)k up
the study of law. and was admitted to
practice by the Supreme Court in I>sß.
He appeared in prominent causes all
over the State. He was District Attor
ney in 1861 and City Attorney in 18G3.
In I^7l he represented his district in the
State Assembly. Subsequently he wan
Judge of the Superior Court for two
years.
Judge Spencer was a close friend of
the late Senator Stanford. He \va3 n
trustee of Stanford University and rep
resented the Stanford estate as director
of the Central Pacific Railroad. He de
livered the address at the opening of
Stanford University. A couple of weeks
ago he was elected a member of the
appointing board under the new char
ter. A widow and two children survive
him.
YOELL DIVORCE SUIT
HAS BEEN COMPROMISED.
Husband and Wife Will Separate
After an Equal Division of
Property.
SAN JOSE. April 23.— The divorce suit
recently brought by Emily C. Toell
against J. Alexander Yoell. the capital
ist, has been compromised. According
to the stipulation iiled in the County
Clerk's office to-day, the Yoells will sepa
rate, and the property, valued at nearly
$500,000, will be divided equally between
them. In the complaint Mrs. Yoell
charged her husband with extreme and
continued cruelty extending over a pe
riod of thirty-four years. A similar suit
for divorce was filed about a year ago
and subsequently dismissed.
Outlaw Jones Dead.
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— Tolbert
Jones, who was shot by Wells-Fargo
Messenger Mott while holding up a
Santa Fe train near Ore Grande last
week, died to-night in the county jail.
Stockton-Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. April 23.— The riders of
the Stockton Roarl Club and Terminal
City "Wheelmen's Club are here to-night
If that is true to which class do you belong ? What is your state to-day ? Are you full of big
confidence in your own powers ? Or are you afraid that you are weaker than even you fear you are ?
Jjst think the matter over. Why is it that you do not sleep at night ? Why do you awake unre-
freshed? Why do you tremble? To all these questions there is but one answer. It is because you
are at best only a half man. There is no single one of nature's functions that you can perform satis-
factorily. You cannot even walk without fear. Day by day you get weaker, because your system is
being depleted. And you have got to stop that unless you wish to become thoroughly exhausted. You
must make up to nature in some way for the manner in which you have abused her gifts. Luckily for
you that is possible. Thousands of men suffer as you do through follies. And many thousands have
been cured of the ills that come from excesses. One thing there is in the world, and one thing only,
that permanently rejuvenates men. That is "Hudyan," the great remedio-treatment of the Hudsoniari
doctors. It has cured 20,000- people. It will cure you. Write and ask about it and you will at once get
free circulars and testimonials showing you what it has done and can do, and at the same time ask for
free medical advice, no matter what ails you. It is the best in the world.
!■■■ ■,■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■itmm,
■ MEDICAL ADVICE IS FREE.
T CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS ARE FREE t
;..-■-■-■-■_■-■-■-._■-■-._. ■■-■-■-■_B_ BB _ BB _ BB _ I
"Hudyan" will reproduce in you the manly feeling that you had when you were a youth It will
send the blood bounding and coursing through your system in away that will make life again worth living,
and you will feel full confidence in your vital powers and enjoy nature's gifts in a great and a grand way!
TAINT of the blood is shown by scaly skin, by small pimples and copper-colored spots on the
body, by lumps in the throat, by thinning hair and eyebrows. "30-Day Blood Cure" drives all blood
poison clean out of the system. It acts as promptly in tertiary cases as in primary or secondary.
Ask for free "30-Day Blood Cure circulars. They will be gladly sent you. The cure is permanent, too.
~ HUDSON MEDICAIT INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAIN FRANCISCO.
ARE YOU A GREAT MAN ?
OR ARE YOU A WEAKLING?
i 83 82 82 82 88 $ SS 82 88 88 SS 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 88 82 88 82 82 82 8: 5282 88 88 82 88 £ 82 82 SS 88 88
S3 88
88 rrr\a 88
■ At Less Thftfl s
ss - , . a
I 2 Price == = = f
S3 23
88 88
88 88
88 gj
i Dfpss fioodsH
188I 88 «
88
I Monday, April 25th, we will place on «
! sale 465 Fine Dress Patterns, comprising «
I this Season's Latest Styles in Silk and Wool |
| Grenadines, Silk and Wool Cheviots, French g
I Novelty Suitings of the finest textures, at §
a less than one-half their actual value. This g
i| great offering at this immense discount is ss
g most opportune, being made on the »
I threshold of the spring season. g
| — vmm g
I NOTE THE FOLLOWING: i
88 • • SI
« 230 High Novelty Suits, this . J^J2L CH ~°X »
Js season's latest styles, that ©7 Kit ss
ss were $25, $22.50, $20, $18- «J) I *CIU «
SS *5
S3 S3
88 235 Fine Novelty Suits, this ™J£ CH C JL a
Is season's styles, that were (P Cl iljTl I
ss $16.00, $15.00, $13.50— dJc/il/U ss
88 . . . S3
88 «• V
88 :,:!: -V-- ========== ; SS
| °* .^^^i^ 88
88 " 88
82 88 88 88 83 83 88 Si 82 82 o. v 83 88 88 82 82 88 88 82 : 82 82 82 82 82 83 82 82 8282 82 82 82 82 83 82
preparatory to starting on the 100-mile
relay race at 11 a. m. to-morrow. The
route is from here to Stockton and re
turn. The trophy has been twice won by
the Capital City wheelmen, and if they
are victorious to-morrow the trophy be
comes their property. The Teleyo" -win
be about eight miles each.BLUE AND
GOLD WINS
THE MEET
Stanford Easily De
feated on the Track
and Field.
Broughton of California
Makes a Record in the
Broad Jump.
Morgan, the Hurdler, Does
Speedy Work Over the
Sticks.
STANFORD NOWMOURNING
Smith From P«lo Alto Surpricei th«
Talent In the Events of Yes
terday.
Th© sixth annual Intercollegiate field
day has come and gone, and the same
expressions are seen on the same :
The men from Palo Alto look unhappy
ad, their drooping countenances
being a very picture of disappointment
pened misery. Creeping out of ih-'ir
wintry discontent, the result of the au
tumnal football u;ime, California's ad
herenta arc shouting in joy and youthful
exuberance, for they were the "doctors,"
and the medicine they prescribed for their
- was m the form of a score which
A majority of 50 points makes a soul
; ■ ■- vii tory for the winners and quite
affair for th.- conquered. Tho
can!!: . defeat, but no such
::•• ever entered the fertile
mind of ;i Stanford student. Ju.st as tho
Is, so unilateral a contest was
ty. Th. flaming red shirt sel
■ pc, offering few op
. those cardlnal-bi decked
..■■l enthusiasts to shout
a catarrnal state. But in
itions were re
■ ;.• n In the 100-j aru race both
and Broughton tinished in advance
the Palo Alto Idol, a thousand
I canes made the air
with the blue and gold bacillus.
Many were the 01 1 asions (or California
. and if noise and persistent
riterion by which to meas
tnount of haplness that fills the
human breast, there were at least 2i>oO
ators in the Olympic Club grounds
rday afternoon who might very hon
■sered the oft-put Question
of 1 'logeni s.
Drum, now a sophomore In the Unlver-
Fiiy of California, was the star whose
athletic radiance bedimmed all others.
Las) year he was a hero, for then lie had
not been tested, and his victories were of
the kind that are called sensations. Tins
n he is just us strong and fleet of
: ■ when in condition, but he no longer
a to work for a reputation, but mere
lj to sustain it. Repeating his perform
. go bue won the 100, 22U and
ith comparative ease. Brunton,
ounts for the
d not Drum a
rub li »r the 22 Idealizing
W0 after two
rew. It was ; .::
that Drum, w.-.k and well nigh
sted, ran on his grit and finished
firsj after a 1 on the stretch.
: his str« ngth, and hardly
. •• broken the tape when he fell into
the arms of Al Lean, limp and faint. The
b lack of strength is an attack
c l.t:i'. whose hold is still upon the
["he din mat followed this
sted some time, and It was
stormy i.la-H of emotion that
mi • pt over the ground.
Out of fourteen events Stanford won
I but throe first places and tied California
for first honors In two field events. The I
best performances of the cardinals were j
the hurdles, in which Morgan showed
his mottle. in the 220 hurdles Morgan
covered the distance in 26 2-5 seconds,
making a new intercollegiate record. The
high hurdles were also won by Morgan
in 16 1-5 seconds, fast time considering
the slowness of the track and the fact
that he was not pushed to win.
Mi.;. wore a complete suit of red,
at:d his vigorous style, coupled with his
success, won him the favor of the Stan
ford throng.
Two or three performances were note- i
worthy. Broughton established an Inter
colleglate record in the broad jump, leap- .
lrig a distance of 22 feet 10 inches. Both
Morgan of Stanford and Hoffman of
California cleared the stick in the high
jump at a height of 5 feet iO\^ inches, es
taDlishlng a new college record also. The
mile run. won by Smith of Stanford in
4 minutes 38 2-5 seconds, is a new college '
record, and as Mr. Smith was Ignored by
his fellow students as a possible winner
the surprise was doubly satisfactory to
the cardinal contingent. Smith, in a 1a 1
pretty race, leading from the start, ran
to win, and Carrol, the choice of the !
talent apostles, strive as he would, was j
not able to overtake the winged feet of
the Stanford runner.
Following is the order of events:
100-yard dasOi— Drum. C, first; Hroushton,
C. econd; Urunton, S., third. Time, 10 2-5
Bocnnds.
One-mile run — Smith. S., first: Carrol, C., I
second; Williams, 8., third. Time, 4:3S 2-5.
One-mil* walk— Walsh and Westerfeld, both !
of California, tied for first place; Lousley, S.,
thin! Time, 7:59.
120-yard hurdle* Morgan, 8., first; Daw9on.
C. second; Culver. S., third. Time, 16 1-3
seconds.
220-yard dash— Drum, C, first; Woolsey, C.,
second; Brunton, 8., third. Time, 23 2-o sec- !
onils.
SSO-yard run— Carpenter, C, first; Smith. 8., ,
Becond; Carrol, C, third. Time, 2 minutes 3<
seconds.
120-yard hurdles— Morgan, P., first: Woolsey. |
C, second; Dawson, C, third. Time, 26 2-5 I
seconds:
440-yard run— Drum, C. first: Hinz, C, sec
ond: Dlggles, 8., third. Time. 53 1-6 seconds.
IUkU Jump— Morgan, 8., and Hoffman, C. i
tied at fi feet lOVi inches; Miller. C, third.
Shot put Grelsberg, :: « feet 5 inches; Wool-
Bey. SS feet S inches; Peck, 8! feet iV-j inches.
j'ole -vault— man, C, first: Mumma. C,
and.Doyd, S., tied for second and third. Height. I
10 feet 64 Inches.
Broad Broughton. C, 22 feet 10 inches:
Culver, 21 feet 6Vi Inches; Dozler, 20 feet s'^
Inches.
Jl.irrmier throw — Ouiberson, C, 127 feet;
Gr-1.-lx-rg, C. 123 feet; Fickert. S., 113 feet.
BERKELEY WINS DEBATE.
In the evening the annual debate was
held In the Metropolitan Temple. It was
the last in a series of fiv<\ of which each
■ has won two. The question was:
"Resolved, That the systt-m of unre
stricted production of prison madegoodi
fir sale in the open market on the pub
lic account is preferable, aa a system of
•i management, to that which is In
or* ration In the State of New York."
The New York system Is that of pro
duction of goods by convict labor for
In public institutions only. The Cal
ifornia, consisting ot Harry A. Over
etr.et, Arthur J. Dannebaum and George
Clark, upheld the affirmative, while A
H Morrison, S. <;. Bailie and James
Ferguson o( Stanford took the negative
The Judges were William M. PTerson
Justice Garoutte and General N P
Chlpman.
The debate was very spirited and show
ed much careful study on both sides but
Berkeley seemed to have the run of luck
yesterday, and after a short time of sus
pense the Judges decided in favor of the
affirmative. i
Advances made on furniture .and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE^EMPORTUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | ' THE EMPORIUM. t__^5 HE EMPORrD ' :M[ -
t¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥i
Matchless Bargains
in Dry Goods Section.
Selected specials from half a dozen depart-
ments—the newest, brightest, best of goods— low
priced for the last week of April's sensational sale.
The Silks and Japanese Crepe are for Monday only.
$1.25 Silks 95c.
Beautiful Striped Taffeta Silks, 25 inches
wide — heavy quality — silk — different width
stripes in all the newest color effects, including
navy, turquoise, reds, fawns, olives and emeralds,
actually worth $1.25 a yard. To be on AF r
sale Monday for one day only at. . . . -?3G
Positively none sold to the trade, and
only 1 5 yards will be sold to each cus-
tomer.
H-Q-H ' ■ — B -H-H-B-B-B-B-tai-B-B-B-n
I B-H-H-B-B-B-H-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-aJ.
BI I H
■T . Amoskeag Standard Apron it.
17 Check Ginghams — per -3 I r B n
IT yard .v32.V "i
■' Bleached Twilled Cotton B
■ i Crash — 16 inches wide— \~ 1 7
iT per yard *2** ?■
' B ?Fl
H h Washable Percales — all new ■
HBH B colors and designs — the K^ H 7
7.; latest effects— per yard... B ".
■7 !■
i H-H-^-D-B-H-H-B-ES-ia-n-B-B-B-B I
■-B-88-B-B-B-B-li-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
Japanese Crepes 15c.
For One Day Only.
Japanese Crepes — prettiest and most
durable material tor summer costumes — /f^
a full and complete assortment of stripes ( n,r lfM^3 \F\
and plain colors from which to select— \f. £ |h£G\
regularly 20c yard. OnMondavgc' (bKG?<S WX"*\
on |y ;. IDC |£WH_M^.'.l
Egyptian Cotton Underwear. /^ffl'Jp
3:0 dozen of an extra fine quality of /r\»\
Ladies' Combed Egyptian Cotton Vests /•^••y^cjh
and Drawers — colors are ecru and white sy^iif
— ve«>ts high neck, long sleeves; high \/<*>*- j.\
neck, short sleeves; low neck and no S>=^-d>
sleeves, and low neck and one- quarter = ~2Q
sleeves— drawers in knee and ankle cs— -23—
lengths— in ordinary and extra large
siz-s. These garments are superior in quality, style and
finish to any ever off-red in this city at our record-
breaking price of *>^J±>
Matchless Hosiery
Bargains.
Wviws\\ 350 dozen Ladies' Imported Fine
].Aw<9(Uy) Gauee Cotton Hose— hign-spliced heels
\^A\ /ov and double toes— Hermsdorf dyes— black
A_Y and dark tan shades. On special sale
ur^\ Monday and while the lot lasts tn r
/' wL per pair lOC
V\ \\^ Motions — Dress Linings —
o^\r\S, Trimmings.
\ ' ■A-.^-'—r^ 750 only— Curling Irons, like picture — ■
;;^^ I j\ small, me- ~_ —^____^
j2^»^: di v m or /j^ '— '
large size — long as the -3 TT° =as^gL ___ _
quantity lasts, each «J** ln
Large Black Cube Pins-
best quality— 100 count— special price c
White and Smoked Pearl Buttons — good Quality — {» _
size 16, 18, 20, 22 and 24 lines — soecial price per dozen DC
40 pieces of Black Moire Taff Skirt Lining— 25 cl-
inches wide — special while the lot lasts per yard DC
Pearl Dress Slides, \»ith steel pom's j
jffj^Z ~yfo in white sna 'l and smoked — round shap c
V»vII_ — -^5? 'or 5c and 7c each; oval shape,
*^—j^Z—--^ like picture 10c, 15c and -^"C
Jet Gimp Trimming— % inches wide— with nail t(\
heads — per yard lUC
Jet Garnitures, in latest designs-
butterfly — each and up- Ci 'JK %>. jg
ward «pl»^D eps. jsL*
— Jabots — Fronts. j|p|!||^
All the latest novelties in Liberte zJ&sM^isw
Silk Jabots, Fron's and Scarfs— the f/h}fsS\W
newest thing in puffs and in solid fa #iW
and fancy colorings at $1, 75c and DUC l^^
58 dozen Wash Net Scarfs 2j^ /£fM
yards long — with lace ends— in white or e^'sSl
cream— value 50c each— on M§
sale Monday and while they last 3c? IkT
at JJt \J)
Jouvin Gloves 90c Pair.
A few hundred pairs only of —
Ladies' Jouvin 3-clasp Kid Gloves in all staple colors
and Ladies' 4-button KiJ Gloves in pearl, butter and white
only — regularly sold a* 51.50 and $1.25 per pair— ir f\f\
we have your size while this lot lasts price will be... "UC
Some Charming
V Parasols.
\ Ladies' Coach in.? Parasols— change-
\ able silks in garnet, navy, red, green,
\V tan and gray — paragon frames— pretty '
.■ Vv handles to match the silk. tf><* <*>>
"A. Each q>^./D
Mp^i> Ladies' Coaching Parasols, in Levan-
&&\-3 tine silk — v«rticle stripes, in cardinal,
>\^ A navy, new green, tans, modes, grays,
\\ VI paragon frames, novelty han- <£ 3 p»/\
N^l dies. Each CI)J.3U
\i V^ew Parasols, in Plaids, Baya-
% deres, 'Stripes, Checks — chiffon trim-
y, vied also large assortment of Car-
\ riage Parasols at low prices.
Matchless Bargains —
Curtains — Portieres.
A complete clearance of all odd pairs— small lots—
slightly soihd sample Curtains— half pairs of Portieres—
one-pair lots, and Couch Covers. A general clean-up at
about half price to make room for new stock.
$5 Nottingham Curtains, .3^ yards 'long, 54 inches
wide: •'• $ 2.50
54 Nottingham Curtains. 354 yards long 2.00
$20 Irish Point Curtains, y,. 2 yards long.. io.co
1 10 Irish Point Curtains 314 yards long 5.00
$12 Brussels Point Curtains. 3^ yards long, 52
inches wide 7.00
56 Brussels Point Curtains, 314 yards long, 52 inches
wide 4.25
$5 Portieres Tapestry, 3 yards and 50 inches 3.50
£6 Portieres Tapestry, 3 yards and 50 inches.. 4.00
£7 Portieres Tapestry, 3 yards i nd 50 inches 5.00
Ruffled Muslin Curtains, $1.50 per pair, just the thing
for chambers.
Ori ntal Stripes — Upholstery— Goods by .yard— All
short lengths — To close about half price.
Send name and address
to Mail Order Dep't for
our booklet, "What Will
Be Worn," just issued.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Matchless Bargains for April's
Last Week,
Every price quoted on this page is a record-breaker. We
are not addicted to extravagant statements in our advertisements.
What is promised is given, so that when we say V Matchless
Bargains" we mean offerings that cannot be matched. We mean
that equally as low prices on equally as good merchandise have never
been quoted in San Francisco. The quantities of each line are large,
but as fast as one article is sold out it will be replaced by others
fully as good.
%*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥ ¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*4X
* The Very Best French Mixed Candy — the $oc kind ?
* that we sell regularly for yst a pound — special for K^> *
t two days— Monday and Tuesday only at.... £ryJV> ♦
x ************ ** ************* * * ************* A** A****** A****** * A x
Matchless Bargains-
Muslin Underwear.
More bargains than ever and even
better bargains to open the second week
of the Burns Stock Sale at 50c on the
dollar. Remember, this is not a soiled,
out-of-style bankrupt stock — but new,
clean, liberally cut, handsomely trimmed
. garments, made of the best muslins and
cambrics for fine trade.
White / Soft Finished Fine Muslin Skirts— l4-inch
c , . I flounce, with tmcroiJery edge on ruffle— 9Q r
Skirts, I umbrella style A^c
choice ! Fine Cambric Skirts, cut full— 9Q r
of 3 » French flounce and ruffle..... AZfC
lines / Soft nished Heavy Muslin Skirts— very
I wide and full— 9-inch hem— price wouldn't 9Q r
at 29c. 1 buy the muslin • jZ^JL
Good 75c Gowns of fine soft fin-
ished muslin— 2 rows of insertion— cam- Jt
brie ruffle on neck, yoke and pa. JwggL
sleeves 3X)C §&%
Fine $1 Gowns of best muslin— 4 f$ »
rows of insertion — pearl buttons — neck, .b- v
yoke and sleeves edged with em- fif\ c fJB J?^x
broidery— sizes \3\3V, .OO.sV^C \
New styles of $1.25 Gowns— trim- /'Sj'-~a \\
mcd elaborately with Medici lace on [li'lff 1f 1! yi\
n.-ck, yoke and sleeves— exact 7= r 1 M)\\ "if/
copy of the S3 gowns— for * J^ l'*\ \\ ( \J/J/
A $1.25 Gown of fine soft muslin, IfXJ J I j^|l
with 4 rows insertion, lawn ruffl. 1 on ml ' & ljl>'
neck, yoke, shoulders and cuffs— r ' 1 ' ' : *
only * Jt
Fine 50c Corset Covers, with tucks and Insertion and
embroidery edge— V shape — trimmed back and -)c f
front : • J^
High Neck Corset Cover of Cambric, with sleeves-
neck edged with embroidery — for shirt-waist wear — is-
only » •"• aJI
Extra Wide Drawers— deep hemstitched ruffle r
of cambric — yoke band— value 50c— lor XvJC
Extra Wide Cambric Drawers — deep ruffle edeed
with embroidery— yoke band— value for 60c— for
'Pique Coats for Children .: fl>3 Eft
;. 51.95, $2.25, 0>3.3U
Marseilles Cloaks— the best kinds only— «tic f\(\
...from $4.50 to v>I3.UU
Second floor front—
Fourth-street side.
Matchless Bargains
In Millinery.
300 Ladies' and Children's 75c Straw Shapes at sc.
250 Ladies' and Children's fi Straw Shapes at 10c.
350 Ladies' and Children's 51.50 Straw Shapes— colors
red, white, blue and brown, at 25c.
324 Large Picnic Hats— Java straw— nothing to equal
them at the price, 25c.
12:0 50c Beauty Roses— Red, Tea and Natural, 18c.
Millinery Department-
Second floor front. .
M, Matchless Bargains
f*f in Ladies' Garments.
J^d^~. Large assortment or $1, $1.25 and
/^VwTm $1.50 Lawn » Percale and Dimity Shirt
(v f- \\ l\ / Waists— all sizes— about 2600 in m
X/I H 1/ the lot— record-breaking price JVC
I""* A Ml'// $1-75 Fancy Cloth ,-v
V^vUilLvl Lined Waist— sizes 32, ij£B
V<^<AJ 34, 36— record- no Xjjrf
/XA \} breaking price... 7OC ya^Vs^^
W \j f4 New Fancy Stripe )&ZJE[j!f~*)
Heavy Silk Waist— An,, "aT(
lined— all sizes— colors— &j jr \s¥H<ty
record-breaking price *]>.£♦ /J TyjVX\
$1 and $1.25 New Percale Wrappers lit \
—lined waist— all sizes— record- 70 \\\. \\
breaking price —• •• 'JC ) /\\
$1.50 Black Figured \ % y \\
jl^z Mohair Separate Skirt / \j> \\
op\ — lined and bound — yl I ' \\
yiaA record-breaking 70 // / \ \-\
Lti%rfA price - /7C / j;H
mrm*A and 55 Silk Fin- (J |. I <^P
liS^imA lshed F'g ured Bril1 " <J->^
A/ 1 c i A ia n tine— separate
U+MJtrV& skirts— perfectly made-record- *-\ qq
/f |f| Pi l',l\ breaking price $1.70
IHH iF?%li |Ja\ 56.50 Black Brocaded Silk Skirt— well
*\^ : }AiikLl~ made and.linei — record-break- CO o/r
ing price ...$0.70
This new All-wool Tailor Dress— tan *l
mixtures— jacket ' silk lined— percaline ff*sl
lined skirt — all sizes— regular- <j-q -1 p- &a - ;
ly $12. 50-record-breaking price •4'/. /D
Assorted lot of Crash and Grass /^ss^\
Cloth Dresses— blazers, Eton and fly . f*K ™|, tl $
front j ickets — regular V| / 'llMr
/3 -r^>. price ?3-25i $3-5o and \.h W\:
54— record- breaking >>*~^*\
Jsm) price.......... S3- 5° and PV\
U— record-breaking >~>^
Apa
VrT This new All-wool I'l X\
/2-^O-c\ Cloth Jacket — tan, / A . \\
(4 nT ? .navy or black — all / y . \\\ .
M ' I sizes — silk faced — reg- / ? »\
\\ A / ular price 55- 50— rec- / \\
/C )\ C/-5//ord-breaking d> a at L
Gsy\\ Iw// price 4>4.4C> '
L IN This All-wcol Tan Covert Jacket— silk
\¥/M\ faced— regular value $9.50— &-~j ar-
. ' •" w I. record-breaking price... ............... 4>/»4-CJ
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
Matchless Bargains
Silver-Plated Ware.
"Rogers & Bros." and "Rogers'" silver-plated
ware are frequently quoted and sold by unscrupu-
lous dealers as the
C^*^. JsPk celebrated brands
of "1847" Rogers
matchable prices
Bros., or the"Star"
brand, "Rogers & Bros. or "Rogers," as the
case may be. Compare our prices with those
elsewhere for the same brands and you will
quickly see the difference.
"1847" Rogers Bros.— A 1.
Teaspoons, plain patterns, set of 6, 90c.
Tablespoons or Forks, plain patterns, set of six, SI.BO.
Teaspoons, fancy patterns, set of 6, $1.05.
Tablespoons or Forks, fancy patterns, set of 6, $2.10.
"Star Brand," T{oger & Bros, or Rogers.
Teaspoons, plain patterns, set of 6, 75c.
Tablespoons or Forks, plain patterns, set of 6, $1.50.
Teaspoons, fancy patterns, set of 6, 80c.
Tablespoons or Forks, fancy patterns, set of 6, $1.60.
1847 Roger Bros. After- Dinner Coffee Spoons, fancy
patterns, set of 6, 85c.
Star Brand Roger & Bros. 12-dwt Plated Knives,
set of 6, $1.35.
1847 Roger Bros. 12-dwt. Plated Knives, set of 6, $1.60.
Russell's White Handle Knives, set of 6, $1.05.
Russell's Cocobolo Handle Carvers, per pair, 70c.
Quadruple Plate
Quadruple Phte i|~!\s??V
Cake Basket, $1.90. J N^li/
. Quadruple Plate
Berry Dish, pink bowl, $2.25.
Jewelry Department —
Main floor — near elevators.
Matchless Bargains
in House Furnishings.
There are from 5 to 120 dozen each of these wondrously
low-priced household necessities. They go on sale Monday
and Tuesday. As soon as an article is sold out an equally
as good bargain will take its place.
r*^ 20c Wire Soap Racks... .........9c
>ffjl p ™Q\ %Jt Wire Sponge Racks, will hold very
jiffll U> T Xlmlß ' arc:e s ' ze sponge, each 14c
fit feni fill lFluiln' Porcelain Tea Tile Stands, in wire
1 Si if I I 1 lill frames, each ~ 10c
uIE/iXw Tin Cake Cutters .
\l\3Q22!S&^ fancy shapes, reeu- ft
larly sceach, doz. 25c j
Cookey Cutters, fancy shapes, 10 IV
sizes in a box, per box 28c \|jS
Iron Lemon Squeezers, like picture, '\)
with Porcelain bowl, each 15c lp=^
Two-Blade Mincing
E Knives, like picture, v? 7
ff jfl blades can be removed for sharpening,
\y JI each '. 14c
\S^^^y Large Size Tin and Wood Vegetable
Jfc|3^>f Grater 10c .
compete,p etc, as W
can be fas- „ fir) l(r\
ten ed to any Oil 11 . 1 ' IL}
table, regularly $r.25 each, \}t-r TTV
while they last 65c J iJlp^^-S^N
Fancy Piano Duster, colored (if |J|li "^'■V
feathers, gilt handle, each..2sc <C^3>> Pt^»
tTin Coffee j '
Tin Coffee
Pot, with patent strainer —
6-pt. size.. .45c 2-pt. size. ..30c
Wood Mustard Spoons, per doz 20c
English Lemonade Straws, par bundle
of 400 .• 10c
Double-pointed Emery Stones, each 10c
Aicooo. stoves, like picture, with .^g^^y
adjustable wick, folding handle, always '.Px^™
sold at $1.25 each, whi.e those on hand <Mr^=^3
1a5t..... 85c . SBJS-X
Alcohol Stoves, wrought iron, burns /^J pasin
without a wick, regularly 75c each, for rsal-Sj^^^
this sale 35c \^===^W^^
: Stove Brushes, regularly 15c each. ..9c ' ;•:>-■
- . ■ Fiber Wash Basins, light, durable,
f?**~~ -~^P cleanly, won't break nor chip—
V^ %Mf 12-inch White Fiber Wash Basin. ..l5 C
X^l^J^" 13-inch White Fiber Wash Basin. ..2o c
===s^ 15-inch White.Fiber Wash Basin. ..30 c
Wood Coat Hangers, each........ ..;.3 C
Farina or Rice Boiler, planished tin, '-KyyT£ :
with white porcelain bowls, black --^^'^j.cCfc^
enamel handles, 2-pt. size.... 38c '^'^^-J^T^iv'
3-pt. 5ize. ..... 51c 4-pt. size... 69c IIEB-Hv
iofnch Galvanized ■ Iron Wash H*^^^)
8a5in5.......... 5c / —^^
\ 1 1 j-^ - inch Galvanized Iron
I] Wasn "8a5in5............. .....6c
/I 13-inch Galvanized Iron Wash
. // Basins 8c
// Fruit Presses and Potato Mnsh-
JA ers, like picture ......25c
C*~\J*\ 4-quart Retinned Saucepans,
■ | gr^iM each '— "■ '• .•..........:-. -He
=^^Sis^*Jy' 1 • pint Retinned Saucepans,
£^ -3 each...- 3c
'; 1 Japanned Dust Pans, each. ..3c
• «!&gBgj^>3l 7-inch Tin Milk Pans, each.. 3c
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
Matchless Bargains
In Fancy Ribbons.
A wholesale Millinery Importer's en-
tire stock of Fancy Ribbons, 11,000 yards,
on sale Monday, 9 A. M., and while they
last — in Bargain Section.
About half price for *^
60 different styles of ■111 f^K
beautiful millinery and ' lift fe* 39" fs%
neck ribbons — plaids, fflk4^3s£K*M$ { ' 1
check.-.Bayadere Stripes, W\Wwmtl
Ombres and Jacquards— B « \ T// !t JMjij
rich fabrics and colorings pjnj \M\fh)ljs'%
imported for the fine mil- JSgE \M^-t# I
linery trade. Come Mon- ERR rtv Y\ r
day early; there are only *« § [ft \\ i\\ I
11,000 yards. || l'(j \ |A\ I
2500 yards 3,^ and 4 inch | I / ///v \\\ I
Fancy Ribbons— choice color- BS ./ 'ij \ \\\ \\
ngs and styles, as above— all V* % 11 - 9'
pure silk, record-breaking price, 15c.
7500 yards of 3^ and 4 Inch Fancy Ribbons, all pure
silk, new styles and colorings, record-breaking price, 18c.
3600 yards Fancy Ribbons, all widths from 3^ to 5
Inches; all styles and colorings; values from 40c to 60c
yard ; your choice for 25c.
2200 yards Fancy Ribbons, all widths from 3^ to 6
Inches; styles are exquisite and quality perfection, values
50c to 75c, will be 35c.
New Bargain Section-*
Rear of Rotunda.
Matchless Bargains in
Men's Furnishings.
We have bought five cases Men's '"A
Wool Merino Natural Gray Socks — they C- '
are full finished, seamless, double heel and >i>'}>^»^
toe— regular 20c socks. On sale pi _ /OfiinfV
special Monday and while they last. «^»2^ /I \ i I/- f \
We think we have the very best /^--^HrS-iTVjI
Unlaundered Shirt in America. It is made S /^rffTzri p^
of Wamsutta Muslin and 2200 linen bosom I / 'Jj' r ~\ \
(warranted). The bosom is set — three- w * -*
ply and lined with heavy duck. It is double front and back
and gathered yoke. All seams are double stitched. In
short, is a perfect snirt. We realize that good unlaun-
- ered shirts are sold as low as 45c. We have them. This
article, however, does not come into competition with that
quality. We class it with the very best $1 laun- fim~
dered shirt on the market Our matchless price is.. O3C
The 25c Neckwear Sale continues — the bal-
ance of the great purchase has been brought
down from our stock rooms — patterns and quali-
ties are just as choice as those offered last week
— come Monday for first pick — 50c and 75c *~im
Neckwear for J,C)C
Matchless Bargains
in Popular Books.
The leading Books of the year, "Quo Vadis, " author-
ized, complete and illustrated edition, bound in cloth, Cf| r
published at $1.00 — special this week — for OUC
. "With Fire and Sword"— an Ms-
&^rr-rzj^~3 >i torical novel of Poland and Russia, 1648
«L™ nor /I to l6 5 « by the author of "Quo Vadis, '
I mo \j&<J com P lete ' authorized edition, published
' iwoßD'* s^f// a ? I-°I -°° — special this week only — prr|r»
•* ■*d}*y/j f0r...... 3UC
i l'"X'^K,/Z^f 500 volumes of recent copyrighted
1 Vr/7 Novels by such authors as Barr, Craw-
I * f/f/ifj&^K, ford ' Crockett, Davis, Eugene Field,
(1 ■ //////fWWi Ford, Harraden, Hobbes. Madaren,Wolf,
' v/fr.S&y Zangwill, etc., published at Si.oo, $1.25
U *"""• »'-"»«•' I and $1.50 — special this week— fa
■ only _ „.., OUC
2500 Paper Novels by leading authors, mostly copy-
righted, good paper, clear print, regular price 25c and |/\_
50c special this week only IUC
Rani & McNally's Popular Atlas of the World— size
11^x14—159 pages, bound, in cloth, regular price no
$1. 75— special this week— only „ cfOC
Matchless Bargains
In Spring Hats.
All the blocks and colors in stiff and soft hats that
fare going to be popular during the sum-
mer months.
The Dunlap, Knox and Youman
blocks, in 53.50 grade, at the spe- dj'yoo
cial Emporium price of - 4>ZI
Men's Fedora Hats, the latest styles
and colors, in three different grades, ex-
tra value at the Emporium — price Qp-
$2.35, 5i. 35 and /DC
Children's Hats in many new, pret-
tty styles at lowest prices.
Children's Sailors, 75c qual- rr\
ity, for - OUC
Children's Golf Caps, 50c ~\pr
quality lor ZOC
Boys' Fedora Hats, in the same good quality as /r
the men's.-.. • ~ OOC
Hat Department— elevator, main floor.
Matchless Bargains
in Toilet Articles.
Roger & Gallet Violet de Panne Extract— bottle 65c
La Blache Face Powder— box 25c
Camelline ("Wakelee's")— bottle 30c
Dorm's Rouge, No. 18— box 15c
Packer's Tar Soap — cake 14c
Pears' Transparent Soap — cake.. 10c
Cuticura Soap — cake I2i^c
Gosnell's Cherry Tooth Paste— bottle 25c
Scheffiild Dentifrice— tube He
Woodr>ury Facial Soap — cake. 15c
Fel's Co.— all of their 3 tor 25c Soaps— 3-cake box for. 15c
Our 15c Imported Tooth Brushes 7c
Our ioc Horn Combs 5c
Our 35c Cloth brushes — "large siz:" - 17c
Matchless Garments
Are Famous "Stuttgarter."
We are sole agents in San Francisco for the
"Stuttgarter" Normal Sanitary Underwear 'for
men, women and children.
These. goods have the unqualified indorsement
of many world-renowned physicians and of all
persons who have ever worn them. They are
unequaled for comfort, health, wear and finish.
Th: Stuttgarter people have placed on the market this
season for the first tiro: a remarkable value in summer
weight underwear for men, which has the same sanitary
virtues that are found in the more expensive grades. The
price per garment, for shirts from 34 to 44 and for «t| j-/\
drawers 28 to 42, i 5...:...-..... • vJJI.JU
We carry a complete line of Union Suits for men.
5
None of these ad-
vertised goods sold
to dealers.6
SUNDAY APRIL 24. 1808
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F«
Telephone Main IS6S.
"EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Steventon Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO~CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is j
served by carriers in tl)ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week Ey rnc ll $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE :_: _ 908 Broadway
JNEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building ;
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfifte House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetta Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. |
open until 9:30 o'clock- 587 Hayes street, open until i
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 930
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- |
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh '
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open :
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana !
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger In New York.;
Columbia— "Dp lmonl co 'a :it ti "
■ rnla— " Trilby."
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventure* of Miss Brown"
The Diamond Breaker."
llvoli - ■'Slnbad the Sailor."
at m- Vaudeville
Sherman, 1  B i'.i.oina Schramm, Tuesday, April 2ti.
Sherman, Clay Sal] Concert Friday evening, Aprl. 29.
(M<i Fellows' Ha Ooocert Thursday evening, April2s».
Native Sons' Hall, Mason street— Lecture, to-night
• - /...... Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy Btreeta, Specialties.
Suit"" I>::thH —Swimming.
ElCamno Music dancing boating, fisli !ng\ every Sunday,
Central Park -Baseball to-day.
Becreatlon I'.irs Baseball to-day.
Coursing— lnglealde Coursing Park.
Coursing At L* 11:011 Coursing Park.
Pacific Coaat Jockej Cluo, Lnglesule -Raops to-morrow.
AUCTION SALtS.
Jiy N. E. Clark— Monday, April 25, Turkish Rupa, at 106
Grant STenne ;i: -' o'clock.
By Yon Khein k Co- -Thuradajr, April 28, Baal Estate, at 6-i6
y.irk.'i sir.'i-:. at TJ uVlm'k.
AS TO INDECENT JOURNALISM.
THE Examiner lias long been indecent. Only of
late has it become so proud of its infamy as to
call attention to it by rocket and bomb. Only
since the war with Spain has it employed a band to
play its Rogue's March to the nickel of the incredu
lous.
It is with no feeling of envy The Call declares the
Examiner a disgrace to the profession of journalism.
No such feeling would be possible, for this paper has
every facility for receiving and presenting news from
the front. But The Call takes pride in printing the
truth, and when it prints rumors will label them as
such and let them go for what they may be worth. It
is not always possible at this distance from the scene
of conflict to weigh each word. It is possible to dis
tinguish between the palpable fake and the actual
news.
The Examiner yesterday published a series of
things it was pleased to term "extras." Aside from
the information contained in regular editions of all
morning papers, these "extras" declared that the
lowa had been fired on from Morro Castle. The in
formation was false, and the Examiner was aware of
the fact. It said in large type that the Paris had been
taken.' It said this knowing it to be a lie. It de
clared the American flag to be riving over Hawaii.
This was a fiction, based on nothing. It set forth the
capture of the "Bilbao," meaning the Pedro, the cir
cumstance having already been detailed. It an
nounced the taking of the Shenandoah — a mere ru
mor which had been made again and again, and each
time denied. And these were the pretexts on which
it assumed to issue an "extra." 1
There is such a thing as enterprise; there is such
a thipg as theft. In its anxiety to achieve enterprise
the Examiner has drifted naturally into theft. It has
even imported from New York a man trained under
Hearst to bilk the public. The importation has his
confidence game in full and noisy blast, but suckers
are few. Soapy Smith worked the town while on his
way to the Klondike. The Hearstlings, scattering
their bogus "extras" about, will deceive nobody
but their employer. They will swear the "extras"
Into their circulation .and he will believe them, being
what is known as a "'good thing." But as to fooling
the people, they have reached the limit. Yesterday
the Examiner announced that if during the day there
had been an important naval engagement rockets
would be fired from its building. There was no im
portant naval engagement, but the rockets were fired.
Cannot the police, headed by that valiant foe of
crime. Captain Lees, reach these bunko men?
There is nothing particular to fear from the pres
ence of Spanish spies in the South. If they can send
to Spain any news not first gathered and published
by the yellow correspondents they will be obliged to
be up early in the morning. Indeed the correspond
ents arc bound to scoop them, for the news they send
is frequently derived from a wealth ot imagination
such as a practical spy would wholly lack.
Announcement that Sherman intends to leave the
Cabinet is made again. If correct, it may be said that
his intentions, as a gentleman's should be. are hon
orable. With all regard for the distinguished ser
vices of Sherman, there can be no reasonable doubt
that the conditions of the present require a younger
man at the post of active diplomacy.
There was once a habit of designating a specimen
of decay as "rotten as a dead fish." Times have
changed. It will be necessary to substitute the Board
of School Directors for the fish, or the statement will
lack of desired emphasis.
An evening paper goes so far as to threaten to
drive the Spanish out of Spain. This may be taken
as an intimation that it intends to send a consignment
of its justly celebrated "extras" abroad.
When the Spanish bombard San Francisco it is
hoped they will bear in mind that several Cogswell
fountains are still permitted to stand. If they will
knock these out much could be forgiven.
It is said that the mission of the Spaniards who
went to talk armistice to the Cubans was a complete
failure. However, it must be regarded as fairly suc
cessful. The Spaniards were not shot.
Any Indian who outbreaks just now should be shot
on the spot, with particular reference to the spot
being a vital one.
Blanco is said to have donned his full uniform. It
is too bad Sampson's squadron cannot be warned
and turn back before too late.
THE POWER OF A SILENT PEOPLE.
A/I EN old enough to remember our Civil War
/ \ recall the grim silence that fell upon the
North when serious work came in sight.
True, there were tears without sobs, silent salutes
and a feeling that could not find expression in noise,
but must be uttered in action. When Americans are
profoundly impressed the grizzled souls of the
Roundheads thump in their ribs and they waste no
breath in shouting. When the troops left this city
the school children, to whom it was a spectacle, made
noisy demonstration, but their elders, with thoughtful
faces, gave the approval of Anglo-Saxon silence, and
in set faces and hands clinched let the onlooker read
the rising of a determination to lift the burden of re
sponsibility and carry it to the end.
In great contrast is the noisy roar of Spain. From
Madrid to the provinces heads are hot and throats
hoarse with shouting. The mob attacks effigies and
emblems with a venomous vigor that might better be
reserved for the contacts of war.
The Spanish Minister took his passports, retired
from Washington and crossed the frontier with none
other than the polite attention which traveling gen
tlemen in this country get f.om other traveling gen
tlemen, and in the quiet enjoyment of the luxury and
pleasure which American railways furnish their
patrons. The American Minister left Madrid and
proceeded to the frontier through a shower of stones
and was compelled to leave his berth to defend from
capture his secretary, who was about to be arrested
because nis name was Moreno. Nothing can be more
childish than all this sound and fury. As Spain
stands to-day, judged by her conduct, Don Quixote
should be at the head of her armies, with a wash
basin on his head for the helmet of Mambrino and
his lance in tilt at a row of windmills, while his faith
ful squire, Sancho Panza, chews garlic by his side
and carries love-letters to the Lady del Toboso.
Spain lives and shouts in the past, tries to fatten
her lean ribs on glories that have faded. America
lives in the future and keeps step in the long march
toward it, breaks silence only with the word of com
mand, the roar of guns and the shriek of flying shells.
It is not an agreeable task to discharge the duty
we have assumed. It is no less than the destruction
of a power that has outlived its defensive energies and
retains only the spirit of misgovernment and the
power of bad example. Spain is like a man who has
failed in all legitimate lines and, refusing to accept
fate with philosophy, become predatory, violent and
lawless. The law has to put its hand upon him and
subject him to those restraints which are required by
the good order of the community. This task has fal
len to us, and we enter upon it in the spirit which be
comes a people commissioned to "end the pretensions
of a decayed personality among the nations.
As we read the signs now set in the American hori
zon our people feel their strength, know their duty
and will hasten its performance, and then the plow
will turn the furrow again, men will go back to mill
and shop, and Europe will have the way pointed out
to her to shut her eyes to the balance of power and
to consider only the balance of justice in dealing with
Turkey, that problem which protects wickedness,
promotes slatighter, disfigures frontiers and practices
murder.
THE TREASURY AND THE CHARTER.
THE efforts of a morning contemporary to make
it appear that Treasurer Widber would not now
be a defaulter if the new charter were in force
is in strict accordance with the campaign of obfusca
tion which is accompanying the advocacy of that
measure. Nothing can be more absurd than the
claim that the system of accounts proposed by the
new charter will prevent defalcations in the Treasury.
No system can guard against negligence. If an eye
is not kept upon the Treasurer under the new charter,
as the most casual reader of the instrument may as
certain, he can embezzle the money of the taxpayers
with as much impunity as Widber has embezzled it
under the consolidation act.
As a matter of fact, however, the Treasury espion
age now provided by law is superior to that found in
the proposed charter. The monthly count of money
by the Mayor, Auditor and Superior Judge is abol
ished by the new instrument, and in its stead the
charter makers have substituted a system of state
ments. The Treasurer is required to make a monthly
statement of cash in his hands, and all officials who
deal with him are required to do likewise. If these
do not balance the Auditor is directed to prick up his
ears.
The "joint custody safe," it is true, brings the
Auditor into more intimate relations with the Trea
surer, but all this practically amounts to is to compel
the Auditor to open and close the Treasurer's safe
every day. The new charter, in fact, says in terms
that the Auditor "shall have no control over them
(the funds) except to open and close the safe in con
junction with the Treasurer, when requested to do
so in his official capacity, and shall not be held re
sponsible on his official bond for any shortage which
may occur in the Treasury." This is weaker than the
present law. Both the Mayor and Auditor are now
responsible for overlooking deficits in the Treasury.
The consolidation act provides that once a month
the Mayor, Auditor and Superior Judge shall "see"
and count the money in the Treasury. Had this been
done in the case of Widber that individual would not
row be in jail. No system of checks or accounts
can be substituted for ocular evidence in supervising
the Treasurer's books. If the new charter had been
in force Widber's defalcation would not have been
discovered so long as a sufficient amount of coin re
mained in the vault to pay current expenses. Surely
the Auditor would never discover a deficit by merely
opening and closing the "joint custody safe." The
fact, therefore, that the proposed charter abolishes
the monthly count of the Mayor, Auditor and Su
perior Judge is a good reason for opposing it, even if
special provision were not made by section 3 of chap
ter 3 of article IV for keeping money in bags with
tags upon them. Under Treasurer Widber's system
this would facilitate embezzlement. Lead pipe and
wagon washers under the new charter would do un
limited duty in these bags for coin.
THE VOLUNTEER ARMY.
BY its terms the volunteer army act is designed to
be not an emergency measure merely, but a
part of the permanent legislation of the coun
try. Its object is to provide not only for this, but
for any future contingency in which the United States
Government will have need of a larger and stronger
military force than that of the regular army. As such
it is a new step in the evolution of the nation, and in
its consequences may prove to be one of the most
important that has been taken in recent years.
By the new law the National Government will deal
directly with the people in raising any army it de
sires, and will not have to act through the medium
of the States, as in former years. In bygone wars the
need of same such power was strongly felt. In 1812
THE SAJN iffIAyCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 24, 1898.
the conduct of the campaign for the defense of the
northern frontier was seriously handicapped by the
refusal of the Governors of several of the New Eng
land States to send any troops outside their borders.
This so far weakened our strength that we were not
only unable to successfully invade Canada, but ac
tually suffered the capture of Detroit.
The evil of the situation was recognized at that
time, but the State sovereignty spirit was too strong
in all parts of the Union to permit of a remedy. Even
as late as 1861 the call for volunteers had to be made
through the State Governors, and, as is well known,
the Governors of several of the States refused to re
spond, just as had been done fifty years before. The
Civil War. however, settled the issue of State sov
ereignty, both as a legal principle and as a popular
sentiment. There would be no failure on the part of
any Governor to furnish volunteers for the present
war, but none the less Congress does not wait upon
them to do so. The volunteer armies of the present
and the future will be provided for by Congress and
called for by the President. They will be armies of
the nation, and not a combination of State troops
acting together.
It is to be noted, however, that the new law does
not wholly eliminate the States and their governments
from consideration. It provides that when a volun
teer army is called for the men received into the
service shall be taken as far as practicable from the
several States and Territories in proportion to their
population- It is further provided that all company
and regimental officers shall be appointed by the Gov
ernors of the States in which such organizations are
raised. These provisions are survivals of the old
Federal spirit and will help to make the new law ac
ceptable to the people, if any help should be needed.
It remains to be seen by actual test of war how the
divided authority in the appointment of officers will
work. If any friction should result it is easy to fore
see that an amendment would soon be made taking
away the appointing power from the Governors and
placing the whole volunteer force, like the regular
army, under the exclusive control of the national
authorities. Nor would there be any widespread op
position among the people. We have made a nation
in fact, and the laws will sooner or later have to fit
the fact.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS REBUKED.
THE full decision of Judge Belcher in the case of
Samuel C. Irving vs. the Harbor Commission
ers is published in another column. Every word
of it is worth reading. By it the commission is re
buked in terms most scathing. Yet there is in the re
buke no sign of aught but the product of a judicial
mind, devoid of prejudice and stating the simple
facts.
It is seldom that the mere rendering of a decision
involves the excoriation of any party to an action.
It is possible that both parties may have been in
spired by the belief that the contention set up would
be sustained by the law. If the Harbor Commissioners
entertained any such idea it has been rudely dispelled.
If President Colnon had a thought that he was re
garded as an angel of light a great flood of intelli
gence has been poured in upon him.
So complete is the statement from the bench, such
an absolute overthrow of the contentions set up by
the Harbor Commissioners, that an extended epitome
of it would be useless when the article appears in its
entirety. In brief, it is shown that the Commission
ers rejected bids for the simple purpose of giving
their pets a chance, and the court does not mince the
truth— on the contrary, setting it forth in plain terms.
It is shown that the advice of Special Counsel Strat
ton was not only wrong, but that the special counsel
had in law no warrant for his existence. It is shown
that the Commissioners rejected bids as "too high,"
and having eliminated the bidders objectionable to
themselves, accepted bids as high as the original.
Judge Belcher declares that the grossest favoritism
is apparent. The rejection of the bids, among which
was that of the plaintiff, is described as being en
tirely without warrant in law, as being arbitrary,
capricious and in bad faith. These conclusions do
not surprise. Yet it is gratifying to have them set
forth with such clarity, and from a source which can
not be accused of bias.
The character of the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners begins to be plainer. The Call, in its capacity
of a public journal, has endeavored to make it clear.
Doubtless the Belcher decision will be of material
assistance to the Grand Jury. One who is faithless
in little things will be equally faithless in great things.
A body capable of cheating the State in the paraffin
ing of a lot of piles would not hesitate to cheat it in
the construction of a depot worth many thousands.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE CONVENTION.
BY authority of the National Republican League
convention of 1897, and under the direction of
the California State League, a convention of
delegates from all Republican clubs in California has
been called to meet in this city for the purpose of dis
cussing plans and making preparations for the work
of the coming campaign. The work to be performed
is an important one, and Republican organizations
throughout the State should make preparations to
take part in it.
The terms of the call open a way for representation
for all genuine Republican club organizations of the
State. It provides that each Republican club in Cali
fornia, including those of the American Republican
College League, shall be entitled to one delegate at
large and one delegate additional for every twenty
five members upon its rolls. Organizations of Re
publican Veterans are especially invited to participate.
No club shall be entitled to representation in the
State League convention unless it has been organ
ized and in existence at least ten days prior to the
date of the convention. No person shall be counted
for representation in more than one club.
Under these terms the convention will be large
enough to be thoroughly representative of the Re
publicanism of the State, and the work accomplished
by it will be felt in the campaign which is rapidly ap
proaching. Every young and active Republican
should associate himself with some club and help to
increase the representation which his section of the
party will have at the convention.
The campaign this year is to be one of critical im
portance. There are to be elected a Governor, mem
bers of Congress and members of the Legislature,
who in turn will elect a United States Senator. It
is not going to be an easy victory for Republican
ism, for the Democrats have now the governorship,
and with their Populist allies have four out of the
seven members of Congress. To win a sweeping vic
tory there will be needed hard work and prompt
work. The clubs have done and are doing great
things in the way of perfecting the organization
needed to accomplish success on election day, and all
Republicans should cordially co-operate with them
in the effort to make the coming convention one of
the most inspiring and effective political gatherings
in the history of the commonwealth.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A friend suggests that I try to engi
neer this modest department for one
week without abusing anybody. I fear
from this that he has a misconception
of the motives which underlie the be
nign criticism he terms "abuse." I do
not write harshly from any love of say
ing aught in malice or to wound. But
there is not always necessity for ex
tolling virtue, it is known to be good,
whereas it is a plain duty to expose
the ill which assumes the garb of vir
tue and parades annoylngly.
The poetry received this week will
never reach the public if I can help it.
I say this out of regard for the pub
lic, which Is having trouble enough.
There could not well have been a
thing more shameless than the New
York Journal's offer to a minister to
write up the "Tenderloin," save the
preacher's acceptance. A minister who
would leave his regular calling to wan
der among scenes of debauchery al
ready known to exist, repeatedly ex
ploited, and revelations concerning
which could serve no purpose of de
cency, stamps himself by that act as
grossly perverted, vile of instinct and
fitted to be a denizen of the haunts
of sin instead of a paid spectator. Ac
cording to contemporaries of the Jour
nal the minister who thus thrust him
self into temptation found there con
genial company at his natural level.
He did not work a reformation, but he
is now a subject for reform. Hearst
is probably proud of this feat. He
can delegate somebody to write up the
minister, and thus his continual per
formance show proceed without inter
ruption. But Ido not think the fall
of this minister a notable episode. It
was not attended by an impressive
plunk. He had such a short distance
to fall.
• * •
Not having any knowledge of naval
affairs I can discuss them with the
same freedom now being employed by
a lot of correspondents who are in the
same fix. The difference is that they
do not seem to have grasped the truth
patent enough to everybody else. They
cherish a delusion that their informa
tion is complete, their conclusions flaw
less. I concede that my information
may be all wrong, and my conclusions
knocked into a cocked hat at the first
engagement. It does not seem to me
that the fear of torpedo-boats sinking
our battle-ships rests on any basis of
fact or reason. It is true that these
little boats under certain conditions
can do serious damage, but conditions
in a sudden fight are not made to order.
Provided the water be calm, the battle
ship's searchlamp thoughtfully extin
guished to save the wear on the elec
tric wire, the crew asleep, the lookout
below playing craps, the torpedo-boat
will be a formidable enemy. But until
the torpedo-boat shall acquire the
knack of keeping afloat when there is a
breeze, and can get itself enveloped in
invisible paint, its principal part in the
tragedies of war will be in taking a
short course to the bottom of the deep
blue sea. This belief is far from offi
cial, and it is subject to amendment. I
can amend it when necessary. This for
the benefit of friends who might try
to do it for me.
Of course every composing-room is
governed by a certain set of rules, but
when in time of war I write "God of
battles" there is going to be a capital
G or trouble.
It is a strange circumstance that the
arrest of Treasurer Widber should be
the occasion of expressions of sym
pathy for him. There never before
came under my observation a case of
larceny so mean and low. Widber had
been chosen to a position of trust, at
tached to which there is an income suf
ficient to permit a life of reasonable
luxury, an income several times
greater than most men ever hope to
attain. Yet he turned thief because
the instinct was in him. He betrayed
the public and his friends because to
do so was more natural than for him to
be honest. The affair is worse than
merely criminal. It is disgusting and
repellant. There is an instinctive re
spect for the courage of the bandit, but
disregard for the sneak thief is com
plete. Widber did not have even the
intelligence to so use his booty as to
make it yield a scant return in pleas
ures of themselves decent. He sought
companionship from wnich a scalawag
with some vague shadow of remaining
self-respect would have shrunk as de
basing and distasteful. He bet on the
races without having the thrill of see
ing the horses run. Now he complains
that friends have deserted him. It is
to be fervently hoped that Widber'a
punishment shall be speedy and ade
quate. He deserves a life sentence for
the crime itself, and forty years extra
for having the nerve to reproach those
to whom he proved traitor.
California would feel a thrill of pride
to see Governor Budd go to the front.
If with his fire helmet, a hand grenade,
a speaking trumpet and an ax the ex
ecutive did not succeed in cooling th«
seething .blood of Spain, then, indeed,
would the world know the affair to
be serious. Standing on the Florida
coast with the trumpet alone, he would
be able to give the troops at Havana
an impression of impending calamity
and failing to take to the woods, their
fates would be on their own heads.
He would cross over and brandishing
his ax herd them into Morro Castls,
where he would lay the law down to
them. The only disadvantage under
these circumstances would arise from
the fact that the speaking trumpet has
been but indifferently trained in Span
ish, though when it spouts English
walls totter and strong men turn pale.
But were the Dons discreet enough to
fly to the hills they would be tolera*
bly safe. The trails there are under
stood not to be adapted to the use of
the b-uckboard.
The love of country is as instinctive
as the love of home. Probably those
of us whose minds do not go back
clearly to a time when peace had van
ished, and the land was riven with
strife, have not realized until now how
much of this feeling is in each indi
vidual, how we revere the flag, how
affection would go out to the soldiers
marching away to defend it. It had
not been my privilege to witness the
departure of the artillery, but I looked
upon the infantry filing by toward war.
Each man of those grave-faced sol
diers seemed more than a friend. On
the instant he became a brother.
Women tried, to cheer him, and, their
By HENRY JAMES.
voices broke in tears. They sought to
speak a final message to him, and could
only press a flower into his hand. They
wished him godspeed and could not say
it. And yet they had been strangers,
moving in different walks of life. At
last they stood on a common plan.?.
The shadow of the stars and stripes
was over all; in every mind, one
thought. There could not have been a
sight more beautiful than the scene on
Van Ness avenue as the First filed by.
Children were there, thousands of
them. They did not laugh as children
are wont, but seemed to realize the
solemnity of the event. It was not
music and brightness wholly. There
was an undertone of sorrow, and the
little ones, not able to understand, yet
took their tone from it. Along the
avenue was a double line of color. Ban
ners were waving in countless hands,
ribbons decorated the old and young,
while flowers were in such profusion
that the air was perfume. The infantry
approached with steady tramp, tramp,
tramp, there was the sound of drums,
and over the dual lines of color rolled
a wave of life and motion as across a
field a mimic billow is driven by the
breeze. Even the babes stood on tip
toe and trebled their enthusiasm, greet
ing the sc-ldiers with smiles, gazing at
them, almost wondering and looking
after them as long as the troop, like
one great living thing, could be seen
undulating down the thoroughfare.
There was then a mist before more
than the eyes of the children. What
ever the future may bring to these sol
diers, the memory of their last hours
in this city by the western sea must be
with them to take from hardship and
even from death a measure of bitter
ness. From an alien shore it must be
they will send back to San Francisco
a kindly thought, for when the people
turned out to say to them, "God bless
you," it was more than a farewell; it
was a benediction and a prayer. So
have the boys in blue been treated in
every place. If some poet inspired by
the spirit of patriotism which possesses
this great land were to give form to
the sentiments causing the present
pulsebeats of emotion he would sing a
sweeter and mightier song of war than
has ever thrilled the human heart.
It is not a pleasing task to call at
tention to a brutal and untimely dis
play made recently by the Examiner.
One night during the week the build
ing in which that sheet is fabricated
was wreathed in red fire, bombs ex
ploded from the roof and rockets
whizzed into the sky, while a barfd
played lively airs. There was every
sign of jubilation. The pretext was
that war had become certain. The real
reason was that the scarlet woman of
journalism had once more bedecked
herself with gauds and obtruded upon
decency. As the painted creature of
the street thrusts herself into notice, so
does her journalistic prototype, each
unabashed in the presence of rebuke.
The certainty of war is nothing over
which to rejoice. War is at best a
dread calamity. It means, that men
will take up arms and bear them to
death. It means suffering, mutilation,
broken hearts, sorrows that never heal.
It means that homes will be given over
to desolation, that poverty will come
into the house of plenty. War may
be necessary to uphold the national
honor, but whatever its cause, and
whatever its outcome, the better na
ture shrinks from it, and pity gives
way to tears. Only a heartless and
sordid concern, dead to the impulse
now stirring the minds of the -people,
would take advantage of the oppor
tunity to paint its character red
against the black shadow of an ap
proaching tragedy, and with sounding
bombs attract notice to its own degra
dation.
The hope that the war with Spain
will be an "incident" culminating in
complete surrender of the Dons does
not seem to have a foundation so far
as lay observers have been able to dis
cover. There is no doubt the Spanish
are convinced that the only purpose of
this country in interfering with Cuba
is to take the island and keep it. It
is natural for them to think it. They
are not subject to the same emotions
as may arouse a civilized people. Their
own career has been one of bloody
conquest and bloody efforts to retain
that which violence had won. They
have never acted on a humane im
pulse, never having experienced one.
But they will fight as long as they
have aught to fight with or for. The
Latin temperament does not readily
submit. It is the temperament which
impels the dying soldier to bite at the
heel of the triumphant enemy who
steps across him. There seems noth-
ing unreasonable in supposing the
Spanish shrewd enough to keep out of
the way as long as possible, and while
American ships guard Cuban waters
_______ ADYEBTISEMENTS.
PEPPER PODS! 7
We do not expect great things these times. What makes our business a
big success is that we keep the things people use all the time and sell them
at prices folks want to pay and can pay readily. The things quoted below
are a fair sample of the many thousand bargains we are offering every day
in the week, except Sunday. Many of the closing lots will go out In a day
or two. Come while they last. • •
SHOES— CLOSING. OTHER BARGAINS.
Sizes 2>4, 3, 3>i, Ladles' Fine Low Shoes 25c Competition Ham, fair quality 80
Sizes 4to 8, Ladies' Cloth Buskins 25c White'Befns"? * °, n ' ' ft 1 " 8 * tins '-"'""-"--""25o
Sizes 2. 3, 4. 5, Big Boys' $2 Oxfords 50c Handle Baskets'^ to carryings""
Sizes sto VA, Men's $2 50 Oxfords 75c e , ep Yellow Dishes on bargain table*. '."'."."."iso
Sizes sto 6%, Boys' *2 50 Button Shoes 96c * 88 ° UP ««•■_^baixata table.. ..^.So
Sizes sto 10, Men's »3 Button 5h0e5. ......Jl 37 I\CI If ITV f A¥TVTr<l* '
Sizes Ito V£; Girls' Canvas 5h0e5...... 60c - UILILALi LUlllNltK.
Sizes 13, 1. Girls' Fine Kid 8utt0n.. .:..... 50c Pressed Veal. Hamburger Mett™,^
Size 4, Ladiofl' *2 Kid Shoes, samples .85c Truffle Sausage. Berlin Mettwursr
Sizes to 7. Ladies' Button Shoes „? U £°? S £ s , a 4a 4? a » e - Sliced Tongue,
Sizes 2*. 3, Ladies' $2 50 Shoes, SlZ^ USTpS??"-^ . Bologna. Sausage'
SUes 1, 1%, Girls' Jl 50 Tan Shoes ...'....'... .750 ' fC? f f
Sizes 1 to 4. Infants' Fancy 5h0e5............250 k^iubi c , -»»ri, ;,:./;
Trade orders solicited on above. *° v t-mokea Salmon, Sca]»Hi Men-in<r
Trade orders solicited on above. Smoked Halibut! Mackerel!
Smoked Finnan Haddies Codfish, Shredded,
C^H F-r.r 7 Cp :: • ■•:
FOR kIONHIKF Sierra Cream, SwS
I Ull l\.LlmllllV.L. Clubhouse. Limbiirfrer •
a Klondike Portable House. 12x16. now.... $25 Eastern Cream, Mild California. '
A Klondike Portable House, 12x16, now.... $25 n/t •
A Portable Boat, »10 elsewhere, now $5 JHlSCellaneOUS,
A Folding Rocker. ,12 50 kind. Si : ' : ;il 50 f^^U^' gSSS^SS.^ " '
Yukon Trail Sleds, were $6. now • $3 Honey Bread, • Saratoga Chips ' •
Silk Underwear for Lad or Gentlemen^ F^Ca*^ "/. F^t°CracW - .
laJtolle fi vnn° Ur PP t laCe convenient ' clean, light, comfortable and everybody
order li^?Z , BerVe you ' If you fear a crowd ..In -the evening leave
: clate your tr,,? 0 ™ S- or telephone it. and all will ■be ready. .We appre-
nart T ade o n ™ ni l6aV6 ° thing Undone to secure " and keep it. or a
aLT S U MITH ' S CASH STORE, 25-27 Market street, near the ferry.
take desperate chance of approaching
some of our seaports. If they do thia
they court certain death, but so strong
is the war feeling in Spain that the
army might as well die in futile fight
as lo go home beaten, there to be de
spised and plunged straightway into a
domestic struggle as bitter as any with
a foreign foe.
* * *
Several persons have asked why I do
not notice a certain anonymous assail
ant who is achieving great delight by
his weakly attacks upon me. The rea
son is plain. While controversy with
a gentleman of intelligence may be
seemly and mutually beneficial, I have
no time nor words to waste on a fool.
• * •
Even the San Quentin convicts want
to enlist. It is not surprising that they
j should, and while a longing for liberty
may be a principal motive, it is fair to
suppose that many a convict retains
' an interest in the country whose laws
I he has transgressed. . It does not seem
I to me, however, that convicts as sol
! diers would be regarded as fitting com
| rades by others in the ranks. Such an
emergency might arise as to make
their services necessary, but it has not
arisen yet, and there are no indications
of it. However, there is a parole sys
tem in this State which permits the
release on certain conditions of well
behaved prisoners. It might be proper
[ to extend the operation of this some-
I what. A man who is willing to shoul
i der a musket and take his chances in,
Cuba could be of greater service In this
way than while eating his head oft in
the penitentiary.
• • •
The first and only good act of th«
School Board so far as the public has
[ been permitted to know was in grant
ing holidays to the pupils on the days
the soldiers started away. In token
that this white spot in their records is
appreciated I hope the penitentiary
terms likely to be meted out among
them will be somewhat short of life.
• • •
One of the rumors which had the
honor to be conspicuously printed Sat
urday morning was of a running fight
between a gunboat and a monitor, the
latter being in the capacity of a pur
suer. Each craft had a "bone in Its
teeth." I hope the correspondent who
sent the story will get a bone in his
throat and quit the business. The mon
itor is not constructed so as to chase a
gunboat. As well might a wheelbar
row set out in wild and thrilling ef
fort to overtake a bicycle. The moni
tor has uses, but it does not enter
speed contests.
• • * ■
Compliments to the evening papers
and a humble suggestion that if they
were to use smaller type they would
have room for more lies. The stories
they print now are for the most part
: ridiculous. .They take a rumor which
has about it nothing of probability and
flare it up as truth. The result is that
people are 'losing confidence in the
evening papers, a circumstance sad to
contemplate.
• • *
I read with regret that Editor Orth
Stein of Atlanta, who was recently as
| saulted by Judge Berry, is recovering.
The pleasure of Berry's acquaintance
is not mine, but the pang- of knowing
Stein has left an indelible scar. If
Berry had good cause for making the
assault, a matter concerning which
there can be no reasonable doubt, there
can be no justification for his having
made it in a manner so mild that the
assaulted could, by any craft of the
doctor, get over it. Stein is everything,
that is bad and nothing that is good.
He has been guilty of stealing a shirt
and guilty of shooting a man in the
back. Yet he has never been in jail
long at a time and he has never been
hanged. It happens that he is as bril
liant as unscrupulous, and yet I have
expected for years to hear that he had
received a life sentence or been sent
to the gallows. One fate or the other
awaits him, unless some valiant Judge
Berry shall intervene with a club.
=====
FORTUNE FAVORS THE BRAVE.
One of the extraordinary features of
the present war prospect has been tha
remarkable flow of gold to this country.
Since the blowing up of the Maine in
Havana harbor on February 15, when war
became really imminent, the gold imports
have reached the enormous sum of $61,
675.000. This, too, in spite of the Govern
ment purchases of ships and war material
abroad, which were paid for in gold.—
Philadelphia Times.
. ♦ .
BRUSHING UP ON GEOGRAPHY.
There is a great class in geography Just
at the present time. It consists of the
American people. They are making a
specialty of the West Indies and giving
attention to some other localities. What
ever the evils consequent upon th«
present difficulties, there will be more
geographical knowledge in the country
than ever Cleveland Plain Dealer.
:» ♦ .
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy Bt. •
■ ♦ ■
, Treat your friends to Townsend's Cal.
glace fruits, 50c lb in fire-etched boxes. •
« ♦ .
* Giving up business: fine eyeglasses;
specs; 33 Fourth (also Sundays); former
ly Kast shop. ■ •
■ ♦ «
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 11M2. •THE WHOLE STATE REPRESENTED
THE order calling the National
Guard of California into active ser
vice was not signed by the Gov
ernor yesterday. The plans have
been somewhat modified since
last Thursday evening, and the
guard as .1 divisional organiza
tion may not be put in the field.
Governor Budd and General Merriam,
U. S. A., commanding the Department
of California, exchanged views Friday
night. The concentration of troops at
Chattanooga, which leaves a slender
garrison at the Presidio, was noted.
General Merriam regards the force of
regulars now 011 duty at the Presidio as
ample for the present.
Governor Budd estimated yesterday
that it would cost the State $300,000 to
maintain the National Guard in active
service for thirty days, and he does not
feel justified in authorizing this expense
in view of the uncertainty regarding the
number of troops that may be called for
from California under the proclamation
of the President.
The dispatches from Washington
KEEPING
A SHARP
LOOKOUT
Vigilance Maintained
Day and Night at
Fort Point.
Soldiers of the Gallant
Third Artillery Man
the Batteries.
The Monterey, Stationed In the
Harbor, Is Ready for
Action.
PRESIDIO POST EXCHANGE.
Signalmen Ordered to Report to Gen
eral Brooke at Camp George
H. Thomas.
The Post Exchange at the Presidio
has been discontinued by order of Lieu
tenant Colonel Morris, Fourth United
Spates Cavalry, commanding the post.
The exchange was a place where enlist
ed men could purchase beer and cigars
•without the trouble of leaving the res
ervation f"r such refreshment.
Colonel M. P. Miller, headquarters,
band and Battery G of the Third Ar
tillery, will probably leave Angel Island
to-morrow and take station at the Pre
sidio.
The three batteries of the Third Artil
lery now on duty at the Presidio are
engaged at the guns of the Fort Point
fortifications. The works are manned
day and night and a constant outlook
Is maintained.
Colonel Morris, the post commander,
recognizes that it is the unexpected
that happens and so vigilance Is main
tained to prevent surprise. It is not
known that there is a Spanish cruiser
or privateer within 1000 miles of this
harbor, yet the possibility of a bold
cruiser making a dash in this direction
ounted.
past thirty days the for
of this harbor have been ma
dly strengthened with the particu
■ i bringing quite a number
of rapid-fire guns to bear on any dar
ing privateer that should attempt to
inside. The Call knows where
these rapid-fire guns are stationed, but
governed by the v ish<-s of the military
authorities does not <i'-signate the loca
tion ot th<> guns. It is understood at
the Presidio that there is a naval pa
trol outside, but the range of the pa
trol is not given. There, is no question
that the Monterey, commanded by
Lieutenant Commander James W. Car
line, one of the ablest and bravest of
: in the navy, is in the harbor
■ to repel any invr. der.
Major Edwan] B. Mosley, surgf-Dn
t'liited States army, has been relieved
fmm duty at Benicia Barracks and or
dered to proceed to this city for tem
porary duty as assistant to Lieutenant
Colonel John V. D. Middleton, chief sur
geon Department of California, in the
dutif"? <>f attending surgeon at depart
ment headquarters and attending the
Bi< k at Fort Mason during the absence
iptain Charles M. Gandy, assistant
surgeon, who accompanied the troops
•ttanooga.
Official orders were received yester
day at department headquarters from
Washington assigning Colonel George
If. Benton, inspector general United
States army, to the Department of the
L,akes, hoadquarters at Chicago, and
assigning Lieutenant Colonel Henry \Y.
Lawtnn, inspector general's depart
ment, to the Department of California.
Colonel Lawton will join General Shaf
ter In New Orleans.
Second Lieutenant William S. Mc-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MmmmMmmm
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
. Consultation— FßEE.
\ <\^tls OT/fflfi I) f Beware of fraudulent offers. We feive
v <&V* m" A/ jr*ff 9* no c ' iroITIOS to ' n d uce you to come to our
WMs. VsWL»>^J -l!k^ office. Our only offer: Best work at low-
Hk est prices. No students employed.
V *j , Y#i I%V',4M^^~^^r FULL SET OF TEETH f0r....^ %i 50 up
** * — VZy', s//"'Jli- / %Br^ . '■ gold crowns, 22k 3bo up
• — ~li& i'?/dffi*6Pi~~*. ■ "' BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3 50 up
■fcw^rw-k Hp ki^-vSyi*J Tuie SILVER FILLING 25c up
"WE DO S|?f AC^JITIIB - GOLD FILLING J . 75c up
4t^''WtMVJvS k ""^VW CLEANING ■ TEETH 50c up
Fo ViPil^l^ 9M^* A Physician Always in Attendance.
SS Wf # \% i x . . a ed SKILLED OPERATORS.
TCCTUW'A M FILLED-- LADY ATTENDANT.
FFPTHI^^% la CROWN ED LAUYAUENUANI,
I LL I 1 1 yffi§ -, & Bridsewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. DR. T. E. STRONQ.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 0 to 2 p. m.
were carefully studied at headquarters
yesterday. The announcement by wire
that the President would call for 125,000
men gave the military authorities an op
portunity to approximate the number
to be furnished by California. It is ex
pected that the State's quota will be
2300.
The statement coming from Major-
General Miles, U. S. A., that volunteers
will go into camp in their own States for
thirty days before leaving for the Gulf
coast, engaged the earnest attention of
Governor Budd. After reading this
telegram the Governor remarked: "This
plan for holding troops in their respec
tive States for thirty days will give me
time to make a careful selection of
officers."
When asked what point or points he
would designate for the State troops
to go into camp the Governor replied:
"I think San Francisco will be the point
designated. The troops may go into
camp at the Presidio."
The Governor is still of the mind that
Sacramento, Los Angeles, San Diego.
Nair, Battery G. Third Artillery, who
has been on temporary duty at the Pre
sidio for several weeks past engraved
in mounting puns at Fort Point ar.i
Fort Baker, has been relieved from
further duty at the latter post and
will transfer the property pertaining to
that station, for which he is account
able, to the officer designated by the
commanding officer at Fort Baker.
Pursuant to telegraphic instructions
I received yesterday from the War De
partment Sergeants Fred C. Flagg and
James O'Brien, Signal Corps, will pro
: ceed without delay to Cnickamauga
i Park and there report to Major General
John R. Brooke, United States army,
for duty under Captain William A.
Glassfor'd, Signal Corps. They will
leave for the South to-night.
By direction of the Assistant Secre
tary of War, Wagoner William J.
Varnes, Battery I, Third Artillery, Pra-
Bldio, will be discharged from the ser
vice of the "nited States.
THE GUARD READY.
Activity at Headquarters, i
Troops Awaiting Orders
for Active Service.
To all intents and purposes the Na
tional Guard of the State of California
is resting upon its arms. Governor Budd,
as commander-in-chief, is ready at a
moment's notice to send the necessary
orders flashing over the wires that will
call the Guard into active service. From
the Governor to the lowest private every
i man is ready and anxious to answer the
call to support and uphold the honor of
•■Old Glory." The expectation that orders
might be received at any hour from
Washington, D. G., calling upon the Gov
! ernor to furnish his pro rata of iroops
from the National Guard, as provided
for under the army volunteer bill, drew
to the adjutant general's headquarters at
an early hour many of the officers of the
Governor's staff and the National Guard.
Captain Carrlnpton, V. S. A., Colonel
' Burgin, Captain William Elliot of San
Rafael, General Warfield and Major Mc-
Carthy were among the first officers to
arrive at headquarters.
The Governor arrived shortly before
noon and was immediately closeted with
Adjutant General Barrett, Captain Car
rington and others of the officers pres
ent. Among those who hold conferences
with the Governor was the newly ap
pointed Treasurer, W. S. Green.
The Governor, upon his arrival, stated
that ho had issued no orders, but was
Bimply awaiting for instructions from the
War JDepartment at Washington before
■ doing so. His entire time yesterday was
i-.insumed in the consideration of mili
i tary matters demanding his attention.
There was some doubt expressed yester
day as to whether California could fur
i nish her auota of men provided for in
the army volunteer bill. Regarding this
Adjutant General Barrett said: "The
Slate can easily furnish from the Na
tional Guard any and all demands that
will be made upon it."
A report was circulated yesterday
morning that the National Guard had
been ordered out, but such was not the
case. The regiments of the National
tJuard sire always practically upon wait
ing orders. Acting under orders from
Governor Budd, Adjutant-General Bar-,
rett ordered a telephone to be placed in
his private office for the use of the Gov
ernor. This was done for a purpose. The
Chief Executive deems it advisable to
keep all orders that he may transmit over
the telephone strictly private. Formerly
he has been forced to transmit all mes
sages over the telephone in his ante
chamber where his officers are assembled.
Governor Budd very wisely determined to
keep all military business entirely private
until he shall see fit to give it out.
Captain Carrington, U. S. A., has been
besieged by callers and received many
applications from persons desiring to en
list. He says that he has no authority in
the matter. The Government will recog
nize the National Guard aft an organiza
tion, and all volunteers desiring to see
service will have to enlist with the va
rious sub-organizations composing the
National Guard.
<"aptain c'arrington was one of the busi
est officers at headquarters yesterday.
He was frequently called into conferences
by the Governor.
The Governor was absent from head
quarters for some time in the evening,
bring in attendance at the Zeta Psi ban
quet given at the California. Many of
, the officers left temporarily for much
noedfd rest. The adjutant-general,
however, true to his military training of
the "sixties." remained on duty. Colonel
Philip 1.. Bush of the Governor's staff
was with the adjutant general during the
1 evening. The latter officer gave out to
, the press the statement that no orders
had been promulgated during the day by
the Governor or himself. It is probable,
! however, that some minor instructions
may have been issued, but nothing of
any importance was done by the execu
tive. Yesterday was a day of eager and
anxious waiting. The adjutant general
does not anticipate that orders will be
received from the War Department be
fore to-morrow, but of course this is not
certain, and to-day will entail upon the
, officers further hours of watching and
waiting for the momentarily expected
word of command.
In event of the cavalry being ordered
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
Fresno, Stockton and other large cities
of California where National Guard or
ganizations are maintained, should have
equal opportunity with San Francisco
and Oakland for representation in the
first two regiments of volunteers to be
mustered into the United States service
from California. On this point the Gov
ernor said: "I shall make an effort to
give representation .to all parts of the
State. „ Since it appears now that the
troops will remain in camp here for
thirty days before going to the front,
I will probably have time to consider
this subject in all its bearings. If troops
were expected to move immediately I
might adopt the plan of sending two
regiments as now organized and offi
cered."
The act of Congress authorizing the
President to call volunteers into the
service of the United States gives the
Governor the right to appoint and com
mission all officers below the rank of
brigadier general. The colonels, lieu
tenant colonels, majors, captains and
lieutenants commissioned by Governor
from the Presidio it seems to be the pre
vailing impression among the officers
that the First Infantry of this city will
be detailed to fill thoir place. It was ex
pected during the earlier part of the day
that the Governor would go to Sacramen
to in the afternoon, but his excellency,
appreciating the serious nature of the
present situation, and knowing that it is
best for him to be here in person when
orders come, did not go, and he will
probably remain here until definite news
has been received from the War Depart
ment.
THE SAFETY OF
THE GRAIN FLEET
Some Apprehension as to
What Course Spain
Will Pursue.
With the reported seizure of th« Shen
andoah comes the fear of the grain men
that the wheat-laden vessels bound from
this port to England may fare badly at
the hands of Spain; but the fact that of
the whole fleet the Shenandoah is the only
American vessel has allayed the excite
ment to some extent
The Shenandoah was the first of the
grain fleet to leave this year. She sailed
January 5, under Captain Murphy, with
a cargo of 103,717 centals of wheat and
1725 centals of barley, shipped by Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. She headed a list of forty
vessels, all carrying Californian wheat
and all bound for England. But in the
other thirty-nine there is not another
American bottom. They are mostly Brit
ish, with a few French and one Italian.
It is the policy of the United States
that goods belonging to the enemy, not
contraband and under a neutral flag, shall
be exempt from seizure on the seas. This
would include just such shipments as are
being made in the other ships of the
fleet; but it remains to be seen whether
or not Spain will take the same view. She
may assert the right to capture all
American goods under any circum
stances, no matter under what flag they
are being carried, although, of course,
she could not touch the ship unless it were
under the American flag. That is priva
teering, and so long as the goods shipped
are not sold by their American owner to
the foreign consignee they may bo con
sidered a fair prize, but all the merchants
have to do will be to sell before ship
ment, and then the seizure of such a
cargo by Spain will cause all kinds of
trouble. So far, Spain has not announced
what she will seize and what she will let
alone, but she cannot prey upon any but
what Is strictly American, or she will
have more than the United States to
fight. Europe cannot afford to allow
Spain to destroy the trade she enjoys
with this country.
SONG OF THE MAINE.
Little Emma Baettge Tells
in Rhymeo? the Havana
Tragedy,
The tales of war have seized upon the
soul of little Emma Baettge, the 13
year-old daughter of one of the men of
the Monterey, and she has poured out
her childish patriotism In two
dozen lines of poetry, of which trr men
of the monitor are as proud as If it had
helped them to capture a ship. Each
man has a copy, and every one Is able
to repeat the stanzas from memory,
and the proud father keeps the original
for exhibition on state occasions only.
The tragic end of the Maine is the
theme of the song of. the youthful
poetess, and the fires of enthusiasm
glow from every word and phrase. The
verses are as follows:
THE BATTLE-SHIP MAINE.
Into tha harbor of Havana
One winter's day there came
One of Uncle Sam's white squadron.
The battle-Fhip Maine.
And as she dropped her anchor
In that quiet little bay.
She came with the Intention
Of a very peaceful stay.
But one night as she lay peacefully
Underneath the southern moon,
A torpedo came and sent the ship
And sailors to their doom,
little did they think that night
When the bugle sounded taps
And they took down their hammock*,
That that would be the last.
This cruel wrong must be avenged,
V.ell fight with heart and fame
To make those cruel Spaniards pay
For the lives on the battle-ship Maine.
Now all of you who have left a heart
To give to war and whirl,
Go fight, and you will have tha prayer*
Of a little American girl.
TORPEDOES
FOR SAN DIEGO
San Diego harbor Is to bewell protected.
Yesterday the lighthouse tender Madrono
came over from Goat Island and went
alongside the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's steamer Bonita, and the work
of transferring twenty-five torpedoes and
all the necessary anchors and electrical
appliances was soon completed. The
Bonita then proceeded to sea. She will
discharge her dangerous cargo at Ballast
Point, and in twenty-four hours from that
time the torpedoes will be in position and
ren/iy to welcome any Spanish cruiser
that may seek to enter San Diego harbor.
DARE TO THE FRONT.
Son of the United States
Appraiser Joins the
First Infantry.
Starr Dare, son of John T. Dare, the
I'nited States Appraiser, is one of the
young Americans who has shown his
true colors when he thought the country
needed soldiers. On last Tuesday he went
to the Presidio, and without saying a
word to his parents presented himself to
the recruiting officer, and inside of three
hours he passed all the necessary exam
inations and took tne oath to support Old
Glory through all trials and tribulations.
When he returned home and informed
his mother of what he had done she, as
a matter of course, burst out crying, but
it was only for a brief spell. Her patri
otic blood got the better of her motherly
feeling, she fondly kissed her boy and
gave him her blessing.
On the return of Mr. Dara to his homo
Budd will hold their commissioned rank
in the United States volunteer service..
It is well settled that officers for ac
tive service in the field will be selected
with regard to their fitness to command,
but it does not follow that the wishes
of the men to be commanued will have
no weight in the selection.
Early Monday morning the Governor
will doubtless receive from Washington
the official call for volunteers. Imme
diately upon its receipt steps will be
taken to place two regiments of infantry
in the field.
Last evening Governor Budd received
a message by wire from the Mayor of
Santa Barbara. The Governor is asked
to procure immediately for the defense
of Santa Barbara two ten-inch breech
loading rifled guns, and also obtain dis
appearing carriages on which to mount
the guns. The application received im
mediate consideration. As it will re
quire at least three months' time to pre
pare emplacements and put in position
guns o f this pattern, the Governor may
mi tiie meantime send to Santa Barbara
a section of field artillery to repel the
Spanish invader.
in the evening he was apprised of the
act of his son. He simply said "Good,"
and added: "When I joined the army
during the late rebellion I joined a State
regiment, and merely did police duty
whore there was no powder burned or
honors earned. If a man wants to be a
soldier let him go at it in earnest; no half
way measures."
With these encouraging words from his
father, and with his mother's blessing,
young Dare marched out of San Fran
cisco inside of twenty-four hours after
he enlisted with his regiment, bound for
Cuba or any other place on earth where
I'ncle Sam may need his services. This
is grit of the right sort in one of San
Francisco's native sons; but blood will
tell every time.
MUST DO OUR DUTY.
Should Shoulder a Mus
ket or Care for the
Wounded.
Now that the war has materialized
into a serious and terrible reality, it
behooves every American to do for his
country all that lies in his or her pow
er, not only in shouldering a musket
and marching bravely to the front, but
also in giving consideration for the
care of the sick and wounded of our
army.
I therefore consider the immediate
formation of the sanitary commission
and a Red Cross Society an imperative
necessity, and I will do my utmost to
further the noble work inaugurated by
The Call. It is a movement in which
all humanity is seriously interested.
The work of the sanitary commission
and Red Cross Society will do much to
relieve the horrors of the war by min
istering to the wounded on the field
and caring for the sick in the tempo
rary military hospitals.
As the seat of operation of our land
forces will necessarily be in a country
known to breed dreadful fevers, it is
reasonable to expect that many of our
army will be infected, and for these we
must provide ample supplies and
means for their care. This nan best be
done thn.mgh the medium u£ the sani
tary commission, while the members of
the Red Cross Society will nurse the
men back to health again.
The members of the Red Cross So
ciety are honored and respected by
friend and foe alike in all parts of the
civilized world, and the noble work
done by them in the past is paged in
history.
I say again the immediate formation
of the sanitary commission and a Red
Cross Society is an imperative neces
sity. DR. T. A. ROTTANZI.
IRISH WOMEN
ORGANIZE
Last night at the residence of Mrs. J.
Farrell, 327 Franklin street, a meeting of
Irish women was held for the purpose
of organizing an Irish women's auxlli.-iry
to the regiment of Irish volunteers now
enrolling. Mrs. J. Farrell, who presided,
stated the object of the society to be to
aid in every way in the equipment of the
Irish volunteers and to organize a corps
of Irish women to go to the front 3R
nurses. Her statement that the heart of
every Irish woman, remembering the
wrongs of her own land, bleeds for poor
suffering Cuba, was greeted with loud
applause.
Oflicors of the society were elected ns
follows: President, Mrs. J. Farrell; vice
president. Miss Maggie Murtagh; treas
urer. Miss Sarah J. Donnelly; secretary,
Miss Annie Skelly; executive committee—
Mrs. Dr. Kilemede, Mrs. Dr. George £.gan
and Miss Annie Farrell.
A further meeting will be held next
Monday evening at the residence of Miss
Annie Skelly, 34 Rausch street.
Will Do Its Share.
The Epworth League can be relied
upon to do its full share of relief work
as well as to furnis"h its quota of men
for the field. We believe right and
freedom should prevail, and that under
Christian enlightenment and courage
it must do so. Good citizenship is one
of the league's tenets, and we are
ready to meet its fullest responsibili
ties. L- J- NORTON,
Member Board of Control, Epworth
League.
WOMEN IN THE
HOSPITALS
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Surgeon Gen
eral of the Army Sternberg says the re
port that women nurses would not be
sent to Cuba is true. General Sternberg
says that Cuba is no place for women,
especially during the dread yellow fever
sf* *^s o n
"It may be," paid Tie, "that after the
rainy season and hot summer months
have passed women nurses will be em
ployed in the hospital work, but certainly
not in the field."
Sued for Medical Services.
Dr. Peter A. Kearny has commenced
suit against T. F. Bell to recover $15,000
claimed to be due for medical services
rendered within the past four years.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal..
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for sale by
all druggists. •
Walthali's Memory Honored.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The Capitol
was draped in mourning to-day. Flags
on the great marble pile were half-mast
and throughout the Senaae wing of the
magnificent structure evidences of grief
and sadness were at every hand. At noon
the Senate was called to order to pay
tribute of respect to Hon. Edward Cary
Walthall. late Senator from MlssissiDpt.
who died Thursday afternoon.
The remains of Senator Walthall were
lying in state in the marble room of the
Senate until 9 o'clock to-day when they
were placed In the Senate chamber in
the area in front of the Vice-President's
desk. The funeral ceremonies were im
pressive.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE NEW STORE OF ]
i
Wcmstock I übin & f o
T T WliULUvllj l^lilVlll %A \s\J9 ;
Will open its doors at 10 o'clock A. M. ]
next Monday, April 25. We shall offer. j
Complete Lines of • - *
Wash Fabrics, Blankets and Flannels; Hosiery, ]
Gloves and Underwear; Ribbons, Laces and Fancy l
Goods ; Ladies' Skirts and Shirt Waists Millinery, i
Men's Furnishings ; Jewelry, Plated Ware, Sta- ]
tionery, Toys, Books and Household Wares ; \
Trunks, Valises and Leather Goods ; Lace Curtains ]
and Upholstery Goods. Vi
3
]
HOW the New BYB V studying the wants of the public. i\
Qe^r^ Will Win By masterin^ the market as buyers. |]
,Z>LUiC win win By strict attention t0 detail ;
Its SUCCeSS : By experience, energy and fair dealing. |j
= IST j
Favoritism will be shown to no one. Discounts will
not be allowed to some at the expense of others. All j
will be placed on ' the same footing. This business will i
be conducted on the basis of equity. \
The aim will be to make the New Store a pleasant, 3:
convenient and profitable shopping center of the highest m
service to the trading public. !
:-y-.y; ;■ . :
■ ' I-- ;
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.,
... i
MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS, j
SAN FRANCISCO. i
NO SPANISH SHIPS
IN FRISCO BAY
Significant Inquiry of Collector
Jackson by Secretary
Gage.
None of That Brand of Vessels Have
Been Seen Here for Many
Years.
The United States Government does not
propose to let any Spanish vessels slip
in or out of the harbor of San Francisco
without being captured, and yester
day took the precautionary measures
toward that end by telegraphing the fol
lowing to Collector of the Port Jackson:
Collector of Customs. San Francisco, Cal.:
The President has proclaimed blockade of ports
on north coast of Cuba, from Cardenas to
Bahia Honda, also of Clenfuegos on south
const Issue written notices as instructed on
?nth in«it Wire department immediately names
of Spanish vessels, If any. in your district.
L. J. GAGE. Secretary of the Treasury.
The "instructions of 20th instant" have
not yet been received, they being prob
ably on the way by mail.
There is no Spanish vessel in port at
the present time, and there has not been
one for years. Four or five years ago a
Spanish ship came in here for a car&°
of wheat. Prior to that time the Mar
ciuts de Campos' line of steamers was
running between this port and Panama
and way stations on the Mexican and
Central American coasts. The line did
not pay and was discontinued about
eight or ten years ago. The steamer
Bristol well-known at this port, was one
of the De Campos line, and was named
the Costa Rica.
There are no Spanish ships on the way
here so far as can be learned, and none
are expected, except probably a cruiser
or two to gather a crop of blue eggs at
the Farallon Islands.
HENRY M. HERVEY DEAD.
Was One of the First Santa Clara
Valley Orchardists.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— Henry M. Hervey,
a pioneer of this valley, died at his home
in the Willows yesterday afternoon. He
was a native of New York and eighty
three years of age.
The deceased crossed the plain p- by ox
team in 1849, and in 1852 settled near this
city He purchased land in the illows
and was one of the first to plant an or
chard in that district. His wife died two
years ago, shortly after the fifty-eighth
anniversay of their marriage. Four chil
dren survive him— Mrs. Lena White Mrs.
Rose Stratton, Professor W. R. Hervey
and Dr. C. H. Hervey. The funeral will
be held to-morrow.
Death of a Gonzales Native.
SALINAS, April 23.— Nicholas Alviso.
one of the oldest native sons of Monterey
County, died near Gonzales yesterday
evening. He was born at Nativldad, near
Salinas, S6 years ago, and went to Gon
zales in the seventies. He spent most of
his life on the back of an old horse, when
not asleep, rarely ever being seen on
foot, but the infirmities of age laid hands
on him. and he turned the old charger
loose. The animal died two weeks ago,
aged 29 years. Alviso was in moderate
circumstances.
Epidemic of Election Contests.
SALINAS, April 23.— Following the foot
steps of Franeee in his mayoralty contest,
F. H. Lang, defeated lor Councilman in
the First Ward by J. A. G. Adcock by a
majority of 22 votes, brings suit to have
Adcock ousted, alleging that the election
was null and void because the polls closed
at 5 o'clock instead of at sundown. The
trial has been set for May 4.
Will Not Flood Union Island.
STOCKTON, April 23.— The project of
flooding Union Island on account of the
drouth has been abandoned. The main
obstacle was the excessive amount of
damages claimed by those who have
grain patches. Besides, it was feared
that there would not be enough water
to cover the entire island, as the river is
likely to fall at any time. Miller & Lux
are moving much stock to the island on
barges.
SAN RAFAEL TO HAVE
NO ROSE FESTIVAL
The Projected Carnival Deemed Un
seemly While the Nation Is
Engaged in War.
SAN RAFAEL, April 23.— A1l over town
the gaunt skeletons of what were intend
ed for triumphal arches rear their mel
ancholy height toward the heavens, grim
monuments to failure on the very eve of
success. For Providence, aided and abet
ted by the Ladies' Auxiliary- League, has
decided that in these tempestuous times
of war a rose festival would be an anom
aly. The festival is postponed until the
spring of ISO 9. or until such time as the
citizens of San Rafael may determine.
Yesterday the ladies met and the fol
lowing resolution, offered by Mrs. A. W.
Foster, was adopted unanimously:
"Whereas, As our country is at war it
would be unbecoming to go on with a
carnival of flowers or any other kind of
rejoicing; therefore be it
"Resolved, xhat we suggest the post
ponement of the festival indefinitely."
There were objections on the part of
some citizens, but in the end the ladies
carried the day.
Conflagration at Bedlands.
REDLANDS, April 23.— Fire on Olive
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I)RIMEIESS"CURir
How One Woman Rescued Her Husband
From the Wretched Life He Led,
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MARVELOUS HOME
REMEDY MAILED FREE TO ALL WHO
WRITE FOR IT.
Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutelu
and Secretlu Curing the Patient in a Short
Time Without His Knowledge,
There Is a cure for Drunkenness that has
shed a radiance into thousand? of hitherto des-
olate firesides. It does Its work so silently and
Ftealthlly that while the devoted wife, sister
or daughter looks on, the drunkard is reclaim-
ed even against his will and without his
knowledge or co-operation. The discoverer of
this grand remedy. Dr. Haines, will send a
sample of the remedy to all who will write
for It. Enough of the remedy Is mailed free
to show how It is used in tea, coffee or food
and that it will cure the dreaded habit quietly
and permanently.
The effort of a devoted wife In Mt. Airy.
N. C, that Bayed her husband from the terrors
of alcohol Is well worth recording. She se-
cured a remody 'known as Golden Specific, a
powder to be mixed with coffee or food and
this Fhf> secretly and faithfully gave to her
husband. In a short time a wonderful change
overcame him and she wrote to Dr. Hainea
as follows:
"I feel it my duty to thank you and to
thank God for Inspiring some one with the
knowledge to cure that awful habit of drink-
ing. I am glad to say to-night that my hus-
band has not touched any whisky of no kind
since the week I got that Golden New Life
(as it should be called) for It gives new life to
anyone. It has worked wonderfully, I am glad
to say that my husband has made profession
of religion since that time so you may know
that he Is a new man. I can't thank you as
I desire, I feel that I owe you many thanks
and also to Ood for leading me to get It be-
cause we have had many a dolja/, where we
avenue this afternoon destroyed barns
SS3SF T^^rs^M \ft
SniTedXt^ri SSeS." 8""™8 ""™
School Trustees Organized.
SAN JOSE, April 23.-The School Trus
tees of the various school districts of Ban
ta Clara County met at the Courthouse
to-day to form a county organization such
as exists in various parts of the State. A
good representation was present. W. H.
B. Trantham of Los Gatos was elected
chairman and H. C. Briggs of "Willow
Glen secretary. A general discussion of
the matter was entered into. A commit
tee on permanent organization was ap
pointed and an adjournment taken sub
ject to the call of the chair.
Fighting Forest Fires.
REDLANDS. April 23.— Assistant Forest
ry Agent S. C. Newhall left to-day wlthi
a gang of men to fight forest fires in
Waterman Canyon, near Arrow Head.
Death in Sonoma Valley.
SONOMA, April 23.— Mrs. Sarah A.
Champlin, a pioneer of Sonoma Valley,
died at the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. S. J. Agnew, this afternoon. Mrs.
Champlin came to the valley in 1856, and
is well known throughout the county. Sha
leaves, besides numerous grandchildren,
two daughters and a son, Mrs. S. J. Ag
new and A. W. Champlin of this valley
and Mrs. Pressey of Washington. Inter
ment will be made in Petaluma on Mon
day.
would not had cents, since that time. I ga^»
it to him secretly for a while, then I told him
of It so now I don't mind letting my name be
published. 1 am going to recommend it far and
near, so with many thanks I close. Respect-
fully, AMANDA CARTKR."
And such cures as these remain so perma-
nently, even the worst cases where the habit
seems to have blotted out the last remaining
spark of self-respect. There are thousands of
women who would make almost any sacrlfic*
to throttle the rum demon.
Tears and prayers are of no use. Pleading,
pledges, loss of social or business positions are
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute deprav-
ity. This famous remedy. Golden Specific, dis-
covered by Dr. Haines, has reunited thousand*
of scattered families, it has saved thousands
of men to social and business prominence and
public respect; ha-s guided many a young man
into the right road to fortune; has saved the
father, the brother, the son and in many cases
the wife and daughter, too. Such a Godsend
to the fireside should be known to everyone
Dr. Haines Is not a philanthropist in his own
estimation, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of. Upon
application to Dr. J. \V. Haines, 216 Glenn
building. Cincinnati, 0., he will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you. securely sealed
In a plain wrapper: also full directions how to
use it books and testimonials and everything
needed to aid you in saving those near and
dear to you from a life of degradation and ul-
timate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a trlai to-4ay. It will brighten Ua*
real of your life.
78
COURSING AT
TWO PARKS
Favorites Won Money
Yesterday Over Short-
End ers.
Lissak Upset the Talent When
He Lowered the Colors
of EcLipse.
The Saplings Ran Very Well
After Str ing and Faat
Hares.
Owing to the large crowd that wit
nessed the horse races at Ingleside and
other counter attractions, the gathering
of sportsmen at Union Coursing Park
yesterday was not altogether as large
as usual; but the lovers of the sport who
remain< <l away from the park missed a
splendid afternoon's coursing.
DR. PIERCES MEDICINES.
BY FORCE OF ARMS!
POOR UNHAPPY CUBA
When a man with a deadly weapon
in his grasp says "Halt!" it means
something. When a mighty nation
equipped with all the munitions and
armaments of war says "Halt!" it
means more; but it means most of all
when all-powerful and benignant Na-
ture raises her invincible forces to
phield and protect the sick and suffer-
ing.
Poor, wretched, unhappy Cuba is not
m f^-J'jA
Wore to be pitied nor in greater need
of help than the ten thousand ailing,
miserable, discouraged Americans to
whom these words are addressed. But
there is a mighty power of nature con-
cealed yet ever active and forceful in
that wonderful "Golden Medical Dis-
covery." which has saved a hundred
thousand Americans from a worse
death than shooting or starvation; a
death by slow, lingering, wearing, wast-
ing, inexorable disease.
"How has this been done?" Was it
a miracle? Was it an accident, that
men who seemed to be slowly yet sure-
ly dying of wasting lung affections, j
and women with broken-down nervous ;
systems and wrecked and shattered i
frames, apparently beyond the reach of j
help, were restored to activity and
strength?"
No, it was not a miracle except as
nature herself is miraculous when her
forces are guided and brought to bear
by one who has studied them through
a long life-time of experience, and
learned to interpret hermarvelousman-
lfestations and adapt them to human
reeds. Dr. Pierce, the discoverer of
this unparalleled medicine, has been for
thirty years a graduate physician and
educated specialist in diseases of the
nutritive system. It was the result of
careful, patient, scientific research, and
no haphazard finding, that this extra-
ordinary "Discovery" was brought to
light, f"r the benefit and rescue of
mankind.
What does it do? How does it do
It? Let the first question be answered
by the facts. Let those speak who
ki.ow.
Think of a man, father of a family,
with work to do in this world; full of
hone and courage and ambition, sud-
denly discovering that the health on
which he had depended as the basis of
all his hopes : id achievements in life,
Is beginning to desert him and leave
him a weakened, powerless, inefficient
creature, Incapable of going forth like
a man to his daily toil, bound down
and faster.' d as it were by chains of
disease that cannot be shaken off.
This man is an actual character. Let
him tell hi own story:
Mr. John Brooks of Boylston, "Wor-
cester County, Mass. (Sawyer's Mills),
writes: "I feel it my duty now to write
to you to tell you of the great benefit I
have received. About a year ago I was
taken with a bad cc-ld which settled on
my lungs. The doctors said I was in
consumption and could not get well. I
took Emulsion of Cod Liver Oil and it
did me no good. After taking it four
months I heard of your 'Golden Med-
ical Discovery' and wrote to you for ad-
vlcf* I have taken your medicine and
Very seldom have better hares been
seen running for life and liberty in the
lead of fast hounds, and a feature of
the day was the pleasure stamped on the
faces of the ladies when a same little
representative of the great sand dunes
of Fresno baffled its pursuers by making
the escape at the far end of the beauti
ful coursing field.
In the course between Pretender and
Premier the last named dog sold at 1 to 6,
but succeeded in making a no course.
Pretender got the run up and turn, then
Premier got in for a turn and a kill. In
the run-off Pretender won a fairly easy
victory.
In the third course the talent met with
Its first upset. Lissak, a 1 to 2 shot, de
feated Eclipse rather havidily. True, t.e
hare favored Lissak after •■'* first turn,
but the old dog ran very strong and won
a clean course. "
Favorites won coin for those who
played long odds until the fourteenth
course, when The Turk, a short-ender.
disposed of the fast Eclipse in a sharp
and hotly contested course. s
Grazer, who was well played on the
short end, lowered the colors of Sports
man in a race that was won by a very
small margin. , , . i .
Some wild bets were made during the
day. Flying Buck was played with a high
hand by some of his admirers, wno
stacked up twenty b;g dollars to win a
lone hog.
Terrona. one of the prospective win
ners of the stake, was backed very
strongly. Some of those "he can't loose
gamblers put up $25 to win $1. but they
were right, nevertheless, in their calcula-
The following is the order in which the
first run-down of the stake terminated:
Metallic beat Van Kirk: Prot^nder ln>at Pre
mier- Lissak beat X linse. Sylvia boat Olen-
V; n Needa beat Handy Andy: Firm
Friend beat False Flatterer; Santa Alicia beat
lessle Maid; Mystery beat Count Monte Cristo;
I >..ttie !»Mt Brown Kasrle: Decorator beat
a Tom; Royal Buck beat Uncle Sam: Van
DR. PIERCES MEDICINES.
it saved my life. 1 felt so sick when I
wrote to you that I thought I would not
live the winter through. In the morn-
Ing I raised an awful lot and would spit
all the time and had pains in my chest.
My bowels would not move more than
once or twice a week; my strength was
nearly gone; I could not do a whole
day's work. Now, my bowels are regu-
lar every day and I feel no more pain in
my chest. Feel a great deal stronger.
I am working hard every day, driving a
team in the woods, and I owe my t". anks
to Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. I know it saved my life. I cannot
praise it enoueh. I am proud to tell
my friends what cured me."
When a man's liver is out of order he
is ripe for almost any disease that hap-
' pens along. His entire constitution is
in a state of receptivity an 1 is ready
for coi-.taelon < f any description. The
"Golden Medical Discovery" is the best
of all known live** lnvigorators. It will
| put the laziest of livers on a lope in no
| time. It makes your liver lively and
your blood pure. It is the best of
S spring medicines.
"It affords me pleasure to testify to
the remarkable curative power of Dr.
Pierced Golden Medical Discovery,"
writes Mr. Frank A. Startz of Fayette-
ville, Fayette County, Texas. "I was
severely afflicted with trouble in my
lungs, spitting up blood, and was so
weak I was unable to continue my
work. I tried several remedies which
gave me no relief, and I had com-
menced to think there was no hope for
me. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery was recommended to me, so I
tried it and began to improve at once,
and was soon able to resume work. I
consider it a wonderful medicine. You
are at liberty to use my name if you
desire."
Think of a woman who longs to be a
source of help and encouragement to
her husband and children; who feels
that her usefulness in life, her power
for good, her attractiveness, in fact,
her very womanliness itself depends
upon a cheerful, capable, healthful con-
st itu;.- n. finding all these things grad-
ually "bbing away; and she a nervous,
frotful. worn-out, despairing wreck of
what should be a happy woman.
This picture is indeed a true portrait;
bphold it painted in the colors of actual
life by the woman herself, who suf-
fered:
"1 write to let you know the great j
benefit I have received from your mcdi- i
i cine and the self-treatment at home j
which you advised for my case," writes !
; Mrs. W. M. Satterly, of Richford, Tioga i
Co., N. V., (P. O. Box 40). "When I
first wrote to you I was completely dis-
couraged. Was in pain all the time. i
i could not lie in bed on account of se- !
i vere, sharp, cutting pains in my back j
and right hip. Had pain all through !
• the lower part of my body, and my i
elbows hurt me so much I could scarce- i
■ly lift my baby. My skin was dry, j
harsh and scaly, arid hung lik^ sacks '
on my arms. My husband called the i
doctor, and he said it was weakness, !
and my age. His medicine did me no j
good. I kept getting worse and weaker. |
It seemod I should go crazy. One day j
I picked up a paper and saw your ad-
vertißement My husband had' no faith
In your medicines; he said that per- i
; sons who gave the testimonials wert- |
all so far away, but I wrote to you and !
received advice. I have taken Dr
Pierces Colden Medical Discovery and ;
\ his 'Favorite Prescription' and 'Pleas- !
i ant Pellets," and also the 'Demulcent i
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
Knapp beat Jlmmie Hope: Rocklln Belle beat
Rattler; The Turk beat Camilla: Flying Buck
beat Crystal: Mercy May beat I Wonder;
Grazer beat Sportsman: Black Pattl beat Lady
Gay; Miramonte beat For Liberty: Alma beat
Tornado: Bad Shot beat Hettie M. : Douglas
beat Handliall; Sweet Lips beat Tod S'loun;
Mountain Beauty beat Governor Markham:
White Chief beat Van Cloie: Joy Bells beat
Little Weasel; Obadiah beat Juliet; Terrona
boat Little Pete.
The winners of to-day In the first course will
probably be: Metallic, Lissak, Firm Friend,
Santa Alicia. Decorator, Royal Buck. Rock
lin nelle. Flying Buck, Mercy May, Mira
monte. Douglas, Mountain Beauty, White
Chief and Terrona.
By a glance at the programme, readers
will note that Flying Buck will meet
Grazier and Mercy May will meet Black
Patti. This change of affairs results in
the fact that Flying Buck and Mercy
May are both the property of E. V. Sul
livan, and will be consequently guarded.
Although Lissak is chosen to defeat Syl
via, the race should be very close, but
Lissak's performance on yesterday was
truly good. Another close race should
result when Van Needa and Firm Friend
meet in the slips, but with a good hare
the last named dog should win.
Possibly the hottest race of the day will
be witnessed when Sweet Lips and Moun
tain Beauty meet. If a good slip is made
it will be either dog's race until game
is killed.
On form, one of the three named dogs
should win the stake, viz: Firm Friend,
Flying Buck or Mountain Beauty.
In the consolation stake Rest Assured beat
Miss Grizzle: Motto beat Standard Bearer;
P.»tronius beat Joker: Lalla R.-vohk beat Golden
Russet • Royal Flush beat Regular Army, and
Flush beat St. Patrick.
INGLESIDE.
One of the largest Saturday crowds of
the season saw some good work done by
fleet hounds at Ingleside Coursing Park
I DR. PIERCES MEDICINES.
and Diuretic Infusion' (prescribed for
me by Dr. Pierce) and now I am com-
fortable and can do a fair day's work."
"Over a year ago I asked your ad-
vice, also sent for the 'Common Sense
Medical Adviser,' " writes Mrs. James
Fagen of Stiles, Oconto County, Wis.
"I followed the directions you
gave, also bought two bottles of Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. In less
than a week after I commenced your
treatment and took your invaluable
"Prescription, 1 I was almost well. There
was such a change! My nervousness
was leaving me. I slept soundly all
night, something I had not done for
over seven years. I was almost in
despair when I commenced taking Dr.
Pierces 'Prescription.' I would get so
nervous on retiring, my nerves would
Jump and twitch. I would change my
position in bed a dozen different ways
to obtain five minutes' rest, but never
a moment's rest for me. I worked hard
all day, but was sick, fretful and felt
miserably all the time. I would have
such melancholy spells and then was
ever so much worse. I worried over
nothing; in fact, everything seemed to
bother me. If I should write to-day
what I have suffered in silence no liv-
ing person would believe me, for it
seems no woman could stand such mis-
ery and still bear children. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is a boon to wo-
man."
These are but few out of many
thousands. And now, how is it that
after countless other remedies and doc-
tors beyond naming for number, have
unitedly failed, this unexampled "Dis-
covery" reaches and masters such ap-
parently hopeless diseases?
Because it goes, straight as an ar-
row, to its mark, directly to those
points In the nutritive system where
life itself begins. Because it has the
peculiar property of giving digestive
power to the stomach, purifying ca-
pacity to the liver, blood-making force
to the assimilative glands, flesh-mak-
ing, tissue-building, muscle-hardening,
strength to every organ In the entire
physical economy.
It is the natural, reasonable obvi-
ous result of Nature herself working
along her own chosen channels, yet
guided by trained, scientific intelli-
gence. Doctor Pierce has a born faith
in Nature which few physicians have.
His education, his life-long experience
and profound study have taught him
what few physicians ever learn, that
Nature herself stands ready with the
remedy for every ill, and the man who
intelligently combines these forces will
accomplish what can never be achieved
by man alone.
It was this faith, this Intelligence,
this combination of Nature with sci-
ence; of therapeutics with brains — that
resulted in the most remarkable "Med-
ical Discovery" which ever blessed
mankind.
This same elemental genius, rising
superior to mere stereotyped profes-
sionalism, has guided its possessor to
discover and achieve in the field of
medicine more, it is safe to say, than
any other one physician of modern
times. "That man is one of the best
men In the world," President Garfleld
once said, speaking of Dr. Pierce, with
whose great work the President was
acquainted. "And he is at the head of
one of the best medical institutions in
the world," added the President.
Hardly any one at all conversant
with medical affairs needs to be told
that the Invalids' Hotel .and Surgical
Institute, of Buffalo, N. V.. is the
grandest model sanitarium of this
country. Dr. Pierce has been its chief
consulting physician for over thirty
years. He is surrounded by a staff of
nineteen eminent specialists, each fore-
most in his particular field of practice,
and comes into consultation daily over
the most obstinate chronic cases of
every description, either of patients
staying at the Institute or under treat-
ment by mail.
Any sick or invalid person in any
part of the United States may obtain
advice by mail absolutely free ofcharge
by simply writing to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. V., a plain statement of the
case. All letters are preserved in the
most inviolable confidence and never
published, except by the writer's spe-
cial wish and permission. Careful pro-
fessional advice will be sent without
charge, and suggestions for sensible
self-treatment will be given in any case
where that is practicable.
"I wish to express my sincere thanks
to you and your co-workers," writes
Mr. A. D. Weller of Pensacola, Escam-
bia Co., Fla., Box 544. "I have, since
receiving your dicgnosis of my case, as
stomach trouble and liver complaint,
taken eight bottles of the 'Golien Medi-
cal Discovery,' and must say that I am
transformed from a walking shadow
(as my friends called me) to perfect
health. I value your remedies very
highly and take pleasure in recom-
mending them to any and all who suf-
fer as I did. Four monl s ago I did
not think to be in shape to assist our
'Uncle Samuel,' in case of hostilities,
but thanks to you, I am ready for the
'Dagos.' "
The great illustrated medical library,
in one-thousand page volume, entitled
"The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser." compiled and edited by Dr.
Pierce in the course of his professional
experience, will be sent free in paper
covers, for 21 one-cent stamps, to pay
the cost of mailing only. Or in heavier,
handsomer cloth binding for 31 stamps.
It is the most complete, sensible and
practical medical work for popular
reading ever published, and has had a
greater sale than any medical work in
any language. Over 730,000 copies
were sold at $1 50 each. The profit on
this sale was sufficient to make Dr.
Pierce feel warranted in issuing a free
edition. Only one copy will be sent to
one family, and every family in this
country ought to have it in their
library."
yesterday. The splendid weather of the
past few days was probably an important
factor in the case, but the card which had
been drawn for the run-down was made
up of some of the best dog flesh on this or
any other coast.
The long odds book is a hard game, as
many winners of yesterday's courses
look to have more than even chances for
the money when the final is declared to
day. Patria seems to rule favorite in the
book, 2Va being offered to win, with no
place money. But there are others in the
race who may fool the wise ones. Mialmo
is stiil on deck in splendid form, and the
races heretofore run by the fleet one may
account for a point or two in the finals
to-day. Connemara is also looking well,
as is Gladiator.
Some new arrangements for slipping
hares have been made and now it is nec
essary that they and the hounds pass
the grand stand when starting. The hares
are placed at a disadvantage, as they
ali start for the old escapes, out as they
have been changed to the tar end of the
field and to the left of the former place
very few escaped, but it is thought they
will find the place of refuge atter they
have been turned out a day or two for ex
ercise.
Jimmy Anthony's Statesman ran a
clever course in the sapling stake, but
went down to Hether Dell. The form
players had everything their own way, as
but two or three short-enders took the
money. T. J. Cronln's Trinket was the
"fooler" of the day, and for a time sold
on the short end, but a rumor soon spread
that the hound, although from the coun
try, was a world beater, and in conse
quence the money went that way. The
ties to-day will without doubt prove a
surprise to some, and it is believed a
short-ender will win the money for the
final.
Following are the runs:
B. Dougherty's Heather Dell beat Jimmy
Anthony's Statesman; T. Cooney's Steam B
beat J. Murnanes Flashing Lass; Lynch &
Manor's Liberty beat J. Murnane's Black Bess;
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M beat J. Sheas
Hathbone; T. Cooney's Kerry Gow beat J.
Quane's Thad Stevens; T. McHughs Matchless
beat T. Cooney'a Report; J. J. EdruonJ's Morn
ing Glory beat Dillon & Reilly's Getaway; J.
Quane's Marietta beat W. Perry's Campania;'
Dillon &. Rellly's Revolver beat H. Murray's
Torpedo; T. J. Cronln's Trinket beat J. Shea's
loung- America.
In the all-age stake J. Dean's Mialmo beat
w. Dalton's Sinaloa; M. Kerrigan's Lady
Blanche beat C. Sullivan's Junction Maid; D.
Hooper's Koo Lawn beat T. Mahoney's Trink;
S. Hansens L. S. Conley beat J. Baddeley's
Lady Hopp; Deckelrr.an & Panario'B Pet Klrby
a bye; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle beat P. J.
Rush's Van Needa; Lynch and Maher's Mystic
Maid beat \Y. Perry's Jennie Dean; M. Micha-
Uk s Fireball beat Lynch & Maher's Dakota;
Deckelman & Panario's Glen Chloe beat W.
gyan'« Sweet Music; J. Shea's Firenza beat
P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy; Lowe & Thompson's
Patria beat Owen Malley's Silver Jim; J. J.
tdmond's Move On a bye; J. Dean's Gladiator
beat T. P. O'Dowd's Fashion Plate; E. Camp
bell's BendaJong beat J. Alexander's Snap; A.
J- Byrne's Seminole beat Deckelman & Pa
nario's Glen Roy.
J. Dean's Connemara beat J. Anthony's Tul
lamoro; J. Byrne's Nelly B beat Cronln & Mc
n.inaM's Dottie Dimple; L. Rusohln's Do Me
beit J. Quano's Vigilant: J. J. Edmond's For
get beat G. Sears' Majestic; E. W. Duffy's
B R boat Lynch & Maher's Lurline: T. But
ler's Pußie beat D. Roche's Pacific Queen;
W Ryan's Sle-nal beat O. Wallace's Fair View,
O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat J. Moscinl's
Oleln; Larkey & Rock's Hercules ran a bye.
One Spot being absent; T. J. Cronin's Ten
Cut beat T. Cooney's Right Bower; Connell
Bros.' Senorita beat E. C. Jones" Gaslight.
The likeliest performers for their in
itial runs to-day at Ingleslde appear to
be as follows:
Sapling Ftake— Steam B, Liberty, Lottie M
Morning Glory, Trinket.
All-age stake— Vlralma. Koolawn, Pet Kirby
Mystic Maid, Firenzi, Patria. Gladiator. Sem
inole. Nelly B, Forget, Susie, Log Boy, Sen
orita.
SOUGHT FRIENDS
AND FOUND DEATH
Helen Stack's Body Discovered
Floating in the Bay Near
Belvedere.
She Hired a Boat to Row From
Tiburon and Was Never Again
Seen Alive.
When the 1:10 boat from San Francisco
arrived at the Tiburon slip yesterday aft
ernoon it carried among its passengers
a young, happy girl, who, full of pleas
urable anticipations, had gone over to
make one of a jolly party of picnickers.
Ere the boat started on its return to the
city this same happy girl had become a
bit of derelict humanity drifting hither
and thither on the waters of the bay, an
Inanimate plaything for the sport of each
eddy, that, circling around it with a rip
ple uf cruel laughter, went whirling on its
way.
As Pamby de Salle, the owner of the !
San Kranscisco boat house at Tiburon, I
was sitting on his float yesterday he was
approached by a young lady whom he
recognized as Helen Stack, the 20-year-old
daughter of J. T. Stack, formerly mana
ger of the G. W. Clark Paper Company.
Miss Stack informed De Salle that she
wished to hire a boat with accommoda
tions for four people, as sne was going
over to Belvedere to meet some friends
with whom she intended to picnic. De
Salle furnished the boat, and after watch
ing Miss Stack depart returned to his
work, paying no more attention to the
boat or its occupant, as he knew Miss
Stack and was aware that she could not
only manage a pair of oars like an ex
pert but was an accomplished swimmer
as well.
About three-quarters of an hour after
ward chancing to look over toward Bel
vedere Point, De Salle saw the boat float
ing around witnout any person in it, and
thinking that it had been moored on the
Belvedere shore and had broken loose he
called William Fishbone, a neighboring
boatman, and the two started over to
gether to get it.
Upon arriving alongside the boat they
found It empty and with one oar missing.
Looking around to see If they could ciiri
cover the oar they saw the body of Miss
Stack floating lace downward on the
water about a hundred yards from the
boat and about fin-- yards from the miss
ing oar, which was between the body and
the boat.
They at once took the body out of the
water, and hastening to the shore t.ied
by every known means to resuscitate it.
but it was no use— life had been too long
extinct.
Coroner Eden of San Rafael was tele
phoned to, and coming down on the next
train he notiiled the girl's parents, who
live at the corner of Durant and Bowdltch
avenues In Berkeley, and took the body
to San Rafael to await their arrival.
\\ hen picked up the boat and body
were both about 300 yards off Belvedere
Point. A curious circumstance was that
though Miss Stack was very well known
in Belvedere and Tiburon, her family
having once resided at the former place,
no one could be found with whom she
had engaged to go rowing or picnicking,
nor could- any one be found who even
expected to receive a call from her. Even
her family did not know she was on the
Maun County shore until notified of her
death, as when she left home they sup
posed she was merely bent on a shopping
tour in the city.
When the boat was found It was In
perfect order, right side up, and there
was not a drop of water in its bottom.
SAN RAFAEL. April 23.— J. T. Stack,
father of Miss Helena Stack, who was
drowned this afternoon in the bay near
Tiburon, came up from that point on
the late train this evening. He was ac
companied by Joseph O'Connor, principal
of the Horace Mann Grammar School,
and Mr. McGovern. The whole party at
once went to the Morgue, where tne re
mains of the dead girl lay. The ap
pearance of the distracted father was
touching in the extreme. His hands
trembled, his face was blanched and pale
and his lips quivered, and as he stood by
the bier the tears poured from his eyes
while he uttered broken expressions of
endearment.
Speaking for the grief-striken father.
Principal O'Connor inquired when the
remains could be taken away, and was
informed that this could probably be
done to-morrow morning as soon as a
jury could be impaneled and an inquest
held. The party then returned to the
broad-gauge depot, but learning that the
last train had departed they decided to
remain here for the inquest
Sermon by Father Wyman.
Rev. Father Wyman, superior«sbf the
Paulists, will preach in St. Francis
Church, Vallejo street, this evening at
vespers. The members of the Gentlemen's
Sodality of the parish will be present to
hear the eloquent speaker.
PATRIOTISM AT
RECREATION PARK
Stirring Musio and Flag Rais
ing Creates Much
Enthusiam.
Oaklands and Stocktons Play
Snappy Game In a Worthy
Causa.
The spark of enthusiasm that smolders
in the breast of the American was fanned
Into a flame of patriotic enthusiasm when
the stirring strains of the Third United
States Artillery band were carried by the
gentle breeze over the Recreation
grounds, at Eighth and Harrison streets,
yesterday.
Seated In the grand stand was a fair
gathering of men, women and children,
and as the tuneful marcnes were being
played their cheeks became suffused with
a warm flush of patriotic ardor. The
conclusion of each piece brought forth
a burst of enthusiasm which lasted many
minutes. The raising of the flag in cen
ter field was a fitting climax to the oc
casion.
It was a matter of regret that there
were so many counter attractions yes
terday, as it affected the attendance at
tie park. In view of the worthy object
that was to be attained, a larger gatner
l ing was looked for. At any rate, a neat
sum will be forthcoming to the families
or the brave boys of the First Regiment,
who have gone to the front in their coun
try s defense.
The spectators were treated to an ex
cellent exhitiitiun of the national game,
fatockton and Oakland were the contend
ing teams, and tor an hour and thirty
live minutes played the snappiest kind
of ball.
Oakland took the lead In run getting
and continued piling up runs to tne end
of the contest, while the Stockton team,
try as it would, could not land a tally
until the sixth inning. In their last time
at bat, they managed to break the spell
that hung over them throughout the
game X and five runs were adaed, saving
them from a bad defeat.
The Athenians had an easy time In
landing on Feige's curves, and it was only I
the good work of Rice In center field that j
saved him. The latter went after every- |
thing that came into his territory, and
that of the outfielders, and by fast run
ning managed to retire many safe hits.
Billings and White were afflicted with
a very bad case of fumbles, which cost
the Stocktons dear. Selna proved himself
a tower of strength to his team, both
at bat and In the Held.
That "Infant Prodigy," Lou Hardy,
seems to become younger at each suc
ceeding game. The way he went after
an impossible fly and gathered it in would
have astounded any of his old-time
friends, who think Lou Is getting old. At
the bat he Is a gem. Out of three times
up, he landed on the sphere for a double
and two long singles at times when they
were most needed. When Peters had
hurt his already sore finger, Lou took his
place behind the bat, and reminded old
timers of the days when he caught for
the Haverlys.
Lange, another old-timer, covered him
self with glory by accepting six difficult
chances without an error. One of his
plays, a Jerry Denny pick-up, earned
him a great ovation. Moskiman pitched
a fine game up to the time Peters was
hurt. He seemed to mi^s him, and be- !
came nervous, and the Stocktons landed
on him for keeps. For eight innings but
three hits were gotten off his delivery,
and only two men were given their base
on balls.
Following Is the score:
Stocktons— AB. R. H. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b 3 - 1 0 11 1 0
Billings, s s 5 0 10 0 4 3
Smith, 2 b 4 0 115 3 0
C. Peters, c 3 10 0 0 11
Sheehan, 1. f 3 10 0 2 0 0'
White, 3 b 4 12 0 13 3,
Rice. c. f 3 110 4 0 0
Stewart, r. f 3 1 0 0 0 0 1
Keige, p 3 0 0 0 14 0
Totals 31 6 6 1 24 16 7
Oaklands— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, 1 b 3 2 0 0 14 0 2
O'Neill, 2 b 4 0 10 4 4 2
Lange, 3 b 5 1 0 1 0 6 0'
Hardie, r. t. and c. 3 2 3 1 3 0 0;
Shea, 1. f 4 2 1 1 1 0 0 1
Mosklmon, p 5 0 0 0 0 3 0
Schmeer, s. s 5 1 l o 1 3 0
Dean, c. f 3 10 0 10 0
W. Peters, c & r.f.. 4 1 1 0 3 1 0;
Total 36 10 7 3 27 17 4
RUNS BY INNINGS. '
Stocktons 0 00001005—6
Base hits 0 0010110 3—6
Oaklands 3 2 13 0 0 0 1 •— lO
Base hits 2 10 3 0 0 0 1 • 7
Three-base hits — Smith. Two-base hits—
O'Neil, Hardy. Selna, W. Peters. Shea. Sac
rifice hits— O'N'eil. Base on errors— Stocktons I
3, Oaklands 7. Bases on balls— Stocktons 4, i
Oaklands 5. Le.L on bases— Stocktons 5 Oak- !
lands 9. Struck out— By Moskimon 2. Hit by
pitcher— Selna, O'Neil, Peters. Double plays—
Mosklmon to O'Neil to Donovan; Billings to
Smith to Selna; O'Neil to Donovan. Passed
balls— By C. lvters 2, Hardie 1. Time of game-
One hour and 30 minutes. Umpires— Smith and
Lung. Official scorer— Laury.
CENTRAL PARK.
Santa Cruz had a veritable tapioca yes
terday with the lately strengthened V?an
Francisco aggregation. For nine innings
the "Beachcombers" toyed with Manner
Coffroth's "colts," rolling up in that time
eighteen tallies. Had not "Southpaw"
Daubenbis' sight failed him at the begin
ning of the game, it would have oeen
barely possible for the losing team to
make a showing. Five men were handed
free passages to first, and the same num
ber, assisted by a lone hit and a rotund
error, marched across the plate, with
thoughts of easy victory. They were
doomed to disappointment, however, for
Daubenbis oiled his "southpaw," cleared
the "cobwebs" from his eyes and pitched
in splendid form.
Little Charley Drews, the clever back
stop for San Francisco, was compelled to
quit early In the game. While trying to
put "auburn-haired" "Bill" Devereux out
at the plate both players collided, and
Drews had his shoulder badly wrenched
as for Devereux he was unhurt.
Charley Sweeney of old-time fame held
down the initial bag for San Francisco in
clever style and made jome timely hit*.
Kelly at third won the hearts of the
spectators by running from his position
to the players' bench and nailing a dim
cult foul fly. It Is needless to say that
he got an ovation. Stulz also distin
guished himself by making some one
handed pickups and retiring the runner.
Santa Cruz played its usual good Hold
ing game. Besides being strong batters
the team shows itself to advantage on
the bases.
The following score tells what has been
omitted:
San Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Kelly, 3 b 4 110 10' i
Reilly, 2 b 6 1 0 1 2 5 o
Watrous, r. f 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
Sweeney, 1 b 5 0 2 0 8 0 0
Mclntyre, c. f 5 2 0 2 3 0 1
Stulz, ss 4 1112 4 1
Kroghan. 1. f 5 110 12 1
Drews, c 3 0 0 0 9 1 0
Johnson, p 4 0 110 3 1
Perrine, p 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 38 7 7 5 27 15 5
Santa Cruz— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hopkins, 1. f 3 112 2 0 1
Devereux, 3 b 6 1 1 2 1 3 0
Williams, ss 5 3 4 3 14 2
Streib, c. f 6 3 2. 0 3 0 1
McGrath, r. f 6 3 4 3 1 0 0
Fitzgerald, lb 6 2 2 0 9 0 0
C. Daubenbis, o 6 3 3 16 2 0
E. Daubenbis. p 4 1 3 2 1 0 1
Arellanes, 2 b 5 1 1 0 5 2 0
Totals 47 IS 21 13 27 11 "5
Runs by Innings.
Santa Cmz 2 13 0 0 0 9 1 2— IS
liase hits 3 2 4 0 10 8 1 2—21
San Francisco 5 01000010—7
Base hits 1 12001020—7
Summary: Runs responsible for— Daubenbis
3, Johnson 9. Perrine 2. Three-base hit— Streib.
Two-base hits— Watrous. Kroghan. McGrath.
Strpib, C. Daubenbis 2. E. Daubenbis, Arel
lanes. First base on errors— San Francisco 5.
Santa Cruz 2. First base on called balls— San
Francisco 7. Santa Cruz 5. Left on bases —
San Francisco 12, Santa Crur 7. Struck out —
Hy Daubenbis 3. by Johnson fi. by Perrine 1.
Hit by pitcher— Perrtne. Double plays—Krog
han to Stulz to Sweeney: Johnson to Stulz to
Sweeney. Time o£ game — 2:10. Umpire — O'Con
nell.
For the Orphanage.
The members of the Histrionic Society
of Trinity School who have been playing
for the benefit of the Maria Kip Orphan
age are receiving congratulations for the
successful manner in which they con
ducted the affair. Augustin Daly's pretty
little comedy, "7—20—8," was chosen, and
the Bush-street Theater has been crowded
at each performance.
Advances made on furniture d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-W23 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^_____^
AUCTION PRICES! BANKRUPT GOODS!
Our prices during this Great Easter Bankrupt Sale appea
to thrifty and economical buyers. Thousands of pleased
customers have taken advantage of this great clothing oppor-
tunity, and now the last week is left for you or your friends to
get in one of our Suits or Overcoats at auction prices. Re-
member, this sale lasts this week only— our doors will positively
close upon it April 30th at 11 p. m. The star attraction, though,
will be the placing upon sale of the entire line of Odds and
Ends— all sizes, and embracing checks, plaids and plain effects —
Men's Perfect- Business Suits, fit and finish equal to
any $9 or $10 suit in all Frisco, but for this week, and only
this week, until sold out
YOUR CHOICE OF SUITS.
Men's Elegant Wearing Stylish j Men's and Young Men's Fines 1
Appearing Business and Dress ! Dress Suits - artistically made and fin"
Sits, Chevies, Tweeds and E.g. SS^S^&SJiS!^!
lish Homespuns — Wool Materials—
$4.50 Worth I Worth $9.50
3>**.OU $1000 $1750 cpcJ.OU
Hat Special Extraordinary — For the last week of the Bankrupt Goods
at auction prices all our Men's Finest $1.50 and $2 Derbys and Fedoras,
including the latest creations in new spring shades —
Bankrupt (PA f\f\ Bankrupt
Price - " <pI.UU - - Price
Over 500 Elegantly Selected Children's and Little Boys' School and
Dress Suits, ages 4 to 14 years, superbly braided, stylishly designed, each
and every garment guaranteed to be worth $3 to $3£o. Last Week Price
HERE ARE BANKRUPT PRICES ON FURNISHINGS:
Men's Spring Weight Underwear, Children's Blouse Waists, spring
three different shades, OF- patterns, all new up-to- Ofl^
worth 50c juDxj date goods, worth 50c. . jQSjC
Men's Genuine Maco Yarn Half Boys' and Children's Stylish Straw
Hose, guaranteed fast AOp Hats, over 1000 different All r\
black, worth 25c pair. .. I \J\j kinds, worth 35c lOC
Men's Golf and Percale Shirts, Boys' and Children's Spring Style
pretty patterns, designed A {T^ Bicyc'e Leggins, in spien- OETVk
to sell for $1 '-tOKj did shades, worth 50c ... £dOC
- - - - MAIL ORDERS FILLED. - - - -
THERALDWIN
"ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST"
Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers,
924-930 Market St.
■■ ■ . " ■WILL HOIST THE RED CROSS FLAG TO-MORROW
GOD'S ANGEL ON THE BATTLE-FIELD.
The Red Cross Society Seeks to Do Away With All
the Barbarities of War.
Miss Clara Barton, the Organizer and Director ot the League.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Miss Clara Barton, president of the Red Cross Society, arrived from New-
York this morning, and to The Call correspondent expressed hearty gratification and approval of the
purpose of the people of San Francisco to organize a sar.itary commission for relief work on the field. Miss
Barton said there was ample reason and opportunity for relief work in Cuba now, and In the near
future especially would this be the case upon the occupation of Cuba by United States troops. When
asked if her consent was necessary to organize a sanitary commission for this purpose Miss Barton re
plied:
"The Red Cross Society has no monopoly of charity. The organizing: of such a commission and the
relief work It would accomplish would be gladly welcomed and appreciated by the Red Cross Society and
by the lovers of humanity everywhere. The work of the proposed organization would In no way conflict
with the operations of our society. On the contrary, at the scene of our common efforts there would be
the most cordial co-operation. Let me suggest to the San Francisco people through The Call (as a friend
ly precaution) that their commission be organized under the name of the Red Cross Society. Possible legal
complications will thus be avoided, in view of the legal recognition of the Red Cross Society in the coun
tries of the world.
"Present my greetings to The Call and the patriotic and humane poople of San Francisco and assure
them of my best wishes for the success of the work they shall undertake." f
Mips Barton expressed her belief that notwithstanding the report that Secretary Alger and the sur
geon-general had decided not to employ women in the field or hospital service in Cuba they would sooner or
later yield to a popular demand that they be admitted to work in a sphere of usefulness for which they are
so peculiarly fitted.
TO-MORROW at 9:30 o'clock the '
committee that has been called
by Governor Budd will meet at
the California Hotel and perfect
organization of the Sanitary Com
mission and the Red Cross League of
California. Major-General Barrett Is
sued the invitations to the ladies and
gentlemen who were selected to serve j
on the organizing committee to as-
Bemble and launch the society. Those
who were asked to serve on the com
mittee were:
Mrs. John F. Merrill, I 732 Wash
Ington street.
Mrs. Louis Sloss, 1500 Van Ness
avenue.
Mrs. J. C. Clark, I 101 Creen st.
Mrs. Willard B. Harrington, 1118
Sacramento street.
Rabbi J. Voorsanger, Temple Em
manu-EI.
Rev. Dr. Foute, rector of Crace
Church.
Rev. Father Wyman, Paullst
Fathers.
William S. Ba/nes, District Attor
ney.
p. Crowley, ex-Chief of Police,
I 629 Sacramento street.
Surgeon - General Hopkins, Na
tional Guard of California.
Dr. John Callwey, Sanitary Corps,
N. C. C.
Dr. W. D. McCarthy, I I I Eddy
street, Sanitary Corps, N. C. C.
Dr. C. F. Hanson, Sanitary Corps,
N. C. C.
Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebblns, pastor
First Unitarian Church.
Charles L. Barrington, president
School Board. ____^_«_—
FOOD COFFEE.
MAY TOUCH YOU.
A Way to Drink in the Divine Sen-
sation.
When you read this article think
about yourself and not some one else. !
The journal 'Life and Health" says, ,
"Among the more common evil eli'ects
•which result from the use of tea or
coffee are dyspepsia, nervousness, Sn-
Bomnia, hea'uhe (especially sick
headache), bil iousness, palpitation of
the heart, abnormal action of the liver
aril constipation." Does n common
sense appeal to you to leave off the
drugs (tea and coffee) and again drink
In the Divine sensation of perfect,
bounding health?
Hard to quit?
Have Postum Food Coffee served in
place of the regular and in 10 days
you will find coming back the old feel-
Ing of strength and phvs.cal peace
that makes life worth the living.
This liquid food is made of selected
parts of the cereals that go directly to
rebuild the broken down nerve centers
In brain and all through the human
body, making a strong heart and
Btomach, steady nerves and t'^ar com-
plexion.
Packages at grocers 15 & 25 centa.
William Alvord, Bank of California
R. J. Tobin, Hibernia Bank.
There Is work already cut out for the
organization. The volunteers that will
be called out from California will re
quire much In the way of medical
equipment. Ambulances for use on the
field will be wanted at once. There will
also be needed many cases of surgical
instruments for use In the field, and
others for the equipment of the hospi
tals that will have to be established
when the soldiers get to the front.
There will be a thousand and one other
things that will be required for th •
care and comfort of the sick and
wounded, and no one but those for
whom the brave boys went to the front
to fight can supply them. The medical
department of the army supplies and
supplies liberally the actual necessaries
of the hospitals, but it does not give
the many delicacies and strength giv
ing foods that only those who have
been ill know how to appreciate. Then
as the war goes on and the sick and
wounded increase more nurses will be
required, and they will have to be fur
nished and supported. Organization
cannot be made too quickly, and when
it is done let the whole State stand
ready to do its share and more of the
humanitarian work. That can only be
done by an organization so complete
that it can respond for all that is called
for at a moment's notice.
The managers of the Orpheum have
been the first to help the proposed or
ganization in a practical way. A mati
nee performance will be given at the
order of the Red Cross League of Cali
fornia, and any one who knows the
Orpheum knows what that means.
INDORSE THE CAUSE.
The Epworth League Will
Hoist the Red Cross
Flag.
The members of the Epworth League,
both local and visiting, are patriotic
as well as zealous in the cause of
Christ. They have taken great inter
est in The Call's movement regarding
the Red Cross Society and to a man
are willing to indorse any movement
which will benefit the organization and
are even willing to send men to the
front if the necessity presents itself.
To-night at the grand rally or mass
meeting in the Metropolitan Temple,
when the closing exercises of the con
ference will be held, the matter of the
Ked Cross League will be taken up and
In all probability a committee formed
to carry on the work of strengthening
the relief organization.
Rev. Dr. W. \V. Case, presiding elder
of the San Francisco district, stated
last evening that the work under way
was a splendid undertaking and a thor
ough organization should at once be
completed. "It has always been suc
cessful," he said, "and there is no rea
'. hy all should not lend their aid to
the good work."
Charles H. Jacob, chairman of the
Reception Committee, gives his hearty
approval to the work and is of the opin
ion £hat over one-half of the members
present in the city would be willing to
join hands with those who have taken
up the work.
Individually and collectively those
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
_________ ADVERTISEMENTS. ______._.__._._ _....,..- _„.
PRIDE OF THE AMERICAN NAVY.
The battleship "Oregon" is one of the best fighters in the American navy. She is manned
by a crew which is capable of doing credit to the ship, and when the conflict is at its height the
gallant lads on the "Oregon" can be depended upon to fight. There is not a man among them who
will weaken in the heat of battle, for they are men prepared to wage war with anything human.
During the recent visit of the ship to this port the strong appearance of the men was remarked by
thousands. They are men of nerve, full of the strength and vigor of manhood.
On board the "Oregon" there are over fifty men who have in their possession Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt, the grand nerve-builder. Here is a recent letter from one of them: "San Francisco,
March 2, 1898. Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: I received your Belt the first part of last month, with
Electric Suspensory. I have worn it as directed and am pleased to say that its effect is grand. I
now have all my natural strength. Yours truly, Will H. Goddard, U. S. S. 'Oregon.'
Over 10,000 men have been restored to manhood by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It fills
the body with life and vim. It restores all the healthy vigor of youth, removing the effects of
exposure, excesses, etc. If you need it send for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men,"
with full information about it, free.
*• •
C 2! A "NTT^TT'TSirr TPT TT*^*^ 1 I Ilj ~rs~>t /"-n^~"N 632 market street, $5000 reward
K>^_iT2k-4_N _i— / XLJJL r*» i I I>■ iV vJ_ X\lV-/ Vm/V^i Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco Will be paid tor one of
Office hours— a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at LO3 Angeles. Cal., 204% South Broadway; Portland, these Belts which fails
Or., 263 "Washington St.; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st. ; Dallas, Tex., 255 Main St. ' > to generate a current •of
NOTE— no mistake in the number— 632 Market Bt. • . Electricity.
* H- lr
THE ORPHEUM FLIES THE RED CROSS FLAG.
who have banded together In behalf of
religious teachings are of the opinion
that when the matter is laid before
them this evening at the grand closing
exercises, enthusiasm will be broueht
to such a pitch that many will at once
start to aid the work and carry on a
humanitarian movement which will
tend to alleviate those who may be
w<^- " " while fighting for the coun
try and her honor. At any rate they
state that the flag should be upheld
and those who defend her should re
ceive the attention of men and women
alike.
Hopeful Sign of the Time.
The growth of humanitarian senti
ment in the world Is a hopeful sign
of the time. Nothing but words of the
highest praise can be given. AH the
civilized world unites In commending
the Red Cross League. The Christian
church, particularly, will give it warm
est support. If war must come, let
us alleviate its horrors as much as pos
sible. The Epworth League wishes
Red Cross work God speed and will
render heartiest co-operation, and have,
no doubt, many workers at the front.
E. P. DENNETT,
President Conference Epworth League.
Hope the Work Will Go On.
Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D., said: "I be
lieve in the mercy side of conflict and
heartily indorse any movement to carry
on the work. I would be glad to assist
in any definite organization and hope
the good work will go on which may al
leviate the sufferings of those who may
fall at the country's call."
A RED CROSS SOCIETY.
BERKELEY, April 23.— At the resi
dence of Colonel Greenleaf on Bancroft
way a Red Cross Society was formed.
Mrs. Colonel Greenleaf was elected
president and Mrs. George B. Hatch
secretary. The society was organized
for the purpose of sending nurses to
the front and preparing bandages for
the wounded soldiers. They will meet
again to-morrow and complete ar
rangements for their work.
ADVERTISEMENTS. * '" ;
H*+++f+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Continued :
I Success
I Of Our Monster +
E COMBINATION SALE! *
► +
*" The astonishingly low +
* prices at which we are sell- ♦
I ing GOOD SHOES have £
y had the desired effect, and
y crowds of purchasers are
with us from opening till +
►• closing. ~ +
I OUR GREAT LEADER :
► 0"^ F 3^ Ladies very
h 3 "^B 1 finest quality +
y Mm B &J O Paris Kid
y. Lace Shoes, +
y PER PAIR, genuine welt- +
► Ed sewed soles, stitched +
h edges, medium heavy soles +
t- but soft and easy, latest +
H style coin toe, patent "♦"■
*■ leather tips. The most com- "♦"
fort able shoe made. We "*"
have them in every size ~\
. and width.
: 1241 Pairs Ladies' Shoes :
: at $2.00, :
i^or f7ii? week we offer our
. 07^^ make of Ladies' Extra .
Quality Paris Kid Button +
+ and Lace Shoes, cloth or +
+ kid tops, patent leather +
f- tips, square and pointed +
♦- toes. At the above price >
♦■ for this week only. ■¥
I A Great Bargain for the :
: Youngsters. Fancy ♦
: Tan Lace Shoes. :
4- Extra quality Tan Kid Lace Shoes, +
fancy vesting tops or kid tops, coin
♦■ toes and patent leather tips; spring ■♦•
i heels: a
*" Sizes 6 to 8 $100 " "
♦- Sizes SV4 to 11 115 -4.
Sizes 111-4 to 2 160
: menTshoes. :
4. This week we offer MM pairs extra ->•
quality Black and Tan Calf Lace
■?■ Shoes, latest style coin toes, welted "♦"
sewed soles, - +
: For $3,00 Per Pair. ;
: A Great Bargain. :
♦■ >
i_ Send for our Combination Sale Price »
♦" List. Mall Orders Filled Promptly. "*"
- Nfi AN RRflS x
I liULflll UllUJi ♦
*" Phelan Building. *
I 812-814 Market St. ♦
♦" SAN FRANCISCO. "♦"
♦- ■¥
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
—
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL
election to be held Thursday, May 26,
IS9S (submitting the new charter to a vote of
[he qualified electors), will -commence at the
>£nee of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
Hall," on April 26, ISDS, and continue thence
:ill May 10, inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
" First — All persona not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second — All persona who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third— All native male citizens not registered
md all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
iry 25, ISSS, and are otherwise qualified accord-
Ing to law.
All qualified electors who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
ipectlve "Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Comml»-
iloners. W. J. BIGOT.
Registrar of Voter*.
000000000000000000
I*"? PALACE *•*?§
ICRAND » OTELS %
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
JT Connected by a rovered passageway. "
0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O AIL UXDKtt O>'B MAJ?AGXiIS-TC O
O NOTE THE PRICE 3: O
n European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward -*
w American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *»
(5 Correspondence Solicited- O
O JOHN C. KIRSPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE" :
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
at wHkH A HOR.MAL EYE should CLEARLY
OISTINGWSH LETTER 5 /B<fAtf iHCH UOHG.
CALL and HAVE yoilß EYES TESTED
Si* FREE ef CHARGE. -fir
642 MARKET ST.
OHDtR CHRONICLE BUILDING.
fm j m M CURED while
Stncture^H-
Dr. Cuter* GKAX-3OLVEXT Bonnes »ill di>lodg«, distrt
asd forerer remove I'irthrxl STRICTURE in IS days. Bougie*
diisoWe la three bean, coricc while 70a sleep. Core* Gl«t
and Rnlarcr<l Prostm-. NmHi ucatlse turn.
ST. JAMES ASS'K, Dept. i, BOND HILL, O.
Weak. Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA BITTEB3. CTHH
great Mexican Kemedy; give* hejut* %a 4
•ueagtb to the stzuaj vrs»o*.
910
THE EMPOBITJM. THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM.
K**¥¥¥¥¥y¥¥¥¥¥*+*¥¥+¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥%
W
See our large six-column Advertisement on page 5.
I Supplementary List of Matchless
I Bargains for April's Last Week.
% Matchless Bargains
J in Best Groceries.
* These four Matchless Specials for Monday, fiies-
1 * day and Wednesday only— and your money cheerfully
* refunded without question if you are. not satisfied
J with the goods when you hare tried them. Prompt
> delivery by special grocery wagons. Order by
•♦ grocery telephone — South $9.
* Cooper's Olive Oil, large size bottles 80c
J 10-lb. sacks Yellow or White Cornmeal 21c
* Eagle Table Fruits— Peaches, Pears and
jk Apricots — 3 cans for 25c
* Sun-Cured Japan Tea — one of the purest
Sk teas and best values in our stock —
* regularly 44c lb., for 32c
t Matchless Every-Day Prices.
£ Emporium Flour— "There | Instantaneous Tapioca,
,* Is none better"— $1.25 , pkg i°c
> Fancy California Shelled Hecker's Farina, pkg 10c
* Almonds, lb 25c Gluten pTrina, pkg 10c
* Splendor— "The Magic Pearl or Flake Tapioca, lb 4c
* Cleaner"— 3 for 25c Sago, lb •*- 4c
T Pure California Olive Oil. j Fancy Japan Rice, lb 6c
£ large bottles 60c Best Carolina Rice, Ib 8c
A, Pure California Olive Oil, Columbus Standard Table
* small .............. 30c Fruit, "except berries,"
*> Cooper's California Olive ' F a , c
* Oil, large bottles 08c D \ "f""' cV"TV
* Cooper's California Olive Palmetto Fancy Standard
* Oil, small bottle 45c Table Frult ' 3 canS 5 ° C
'? Bazaar or Star Oil, 5 gal- 5-lb. sacks Golden Rule
2 ion cans 90c Salt, each 3c
*. Emporium Elaine or Ex. 10-ib. sacks Golden Rule
■». Star Oil, 5-gal. cans 51.20 Salt, each - 8c
* Eastern Rolled Oats— 5-lb. sacks Emporium Eng-
* "choice goods"— lb 3c lish Salt, each 10c
* Cream Flake Oats, the 10-lb. sacks Emporium
* best, lb 4c English Salt, each 20c
*
* Matchless Bargains
* in Stationery.
,S» k ream 120 sheets of 5-lb. Stock Note Paper for 12c
* 250 Envelopes — 5 or 6 inch size— nigh cvt — for 18c
* Ink Writing Tablet, note or letter size— heavy paper for..7c
* Paper and Envelopes — 50 pieces in 4 superfine
J stock 8c I
J Your choice from any of our Steel Pens — per dozen 7c
t Extra Special.
£ 400 boxes Whiting's 60-lb. Extra Heavy
» Writing Paper — 50 pieces in box — ruled or in
* plain — this week until sold — per box lOw
* _
*
J Matchless Bargains
J Fine Furniture.
% Monday and while the lot lasts.
* jj^l^^l l^^^l 6of these
> ■._ „ , ~^ y ' ' •- l.'i "w-Jm\ really swell,
* sr^- *? (/i hardwood, an-
* ___^____l___E : —^j ' tique finished,
» i^ T7^"=^s ?^[^^A 3 piece Bed-
* L^ ~^t^ —^S?^ room suits — i
* hi. 1 " '^"'t£ll3f- • '-^ ' bed hand
* SO sss=^i carved in pleas-
* lUJw^-Jj ing design —
* bureau with large French Plate glass,
£ something out of the ordinary for this
J price suits— style exactly like M__
J picture — only vt>l4-.73
* Also a few Mexican /£^T'S> %
* Mahogany Tabourettes like
* picture — rich in color, £/ J""£*
* strongly made — would be "^I)?AJ
* cheap at $1.50 each — re- ''^■i'lKl
* duced to 'IA rw\
I $1.00 II!jl P
* Nowhere Else Such
* Carpet Bargains.
,^ Best Tapestry Brussels, including Stinson's, Smith's
* and Stanford's makes, made and lined — regular <f- r
<* $1 yard goods — this week /OC j
* Body Brussels, regular $1.3; yard kind lined nc r
T and laid this week for zJDK. '
Moquette Rugs — soft pile— the $3 kind — <£i qe !
£, size 27x54 inches— this week m>l» i -» i
I The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar I
HAYNES' TESTIMONY.
District Attorney Snook Says It Has
Always Been Consistent.
OAKUND, April 23.— District Attorney
Bnook says there is no foundation in fact
for the published stories that H. V. Her
bert, the detective for his office, in any
way Influenced the evidence of Mr.
Haynes of Berkeley, at whose house
Btacey Rogers recently shot Edgar ilal
eey.
"When the transcript of th« testimony |
at the preliminary examination of Rogers
la written up," said Mr. Snook to-day,
"I think it will be found that Mr. Haynes'
testimony as given at the Coroner's In- I
quest, his statement made to the Sheriff :
:ind Mr. Herbert and his testimony he- ]
fore Judge Lawrence agree. There may |
ADVERTISEMENTS. r
%L^^kZ\^ El EPTDIP DEI TO
Jp^pllk fcLtU I nib DEL I o
»j^2r \>/'l V* \ y^yMy^m th" .°. od thInRS » Properly made, but some of
s^l^p!!>iinm^Xif / • _J-~g*&>/Q the tl ' lnes whlch nre sril 'l as "electric b^ftv-
;NM«*i?lSlp^^<^^ig^^ at hl B h I' rlcPß by unprlnclpiod ouarks " ro
1^ actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
-**7?V^P®li4s^4|l^^^ZL a . EOod ljf ; u - 0I "- t0 la -"- a reasonable l°n K »h o*
■ //)<\t^^^y^y^\ Ul ? ie> amda m d fln T v w »th Electricity from t he
/ N V^l^/V>- . 77V\ eoleB of your feet to the top of your henVi
•', 1 - ■' l_Jy \-r— " x you MUST have "Dr. Pierces' "for it i.^.*
•*--j )U-»— BEST and Is warranted to be exactly as represented
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to nn -this ""»'«
?*/^>- newspaper. Sen.l for our Free Book. No. 2. It gives Drlceii*
''I"ITI "IT lor' ySeiff aboUt lt ° r CaU at ° fflCe and c "- lne C e o O il S ;
BUT BE BUSS YOU
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest "PAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the
Pierce Electric Co.! 620 Market St..
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, 8. F.
■BATTLE OFFlCE— Sullivan block, 712 First aye., Seattle, Wub.
Matchless Bargains— j
Our $12.75 Men's Suits, j
There were just 600 in the lot — as- ;
sortment — ten p
or a dozen suits &t^TJ /^ '
of a kind / '^LJ*' )*«| -',
made of all- x'^^fT
wool cheviots, /\i A¥mK^\
tweeds and/^ l\ /) V4--K/
worsteds-best O^r i LJ&} ">, y
quality Italian \\ } N^^j J I
cloth linings — /j/l%^t ii JS Pa /
hand- made '^rl2r 12 jl [J If/ /
buttonholes — 'lllL^/hi, \Tn\
silk sewed col- 'l/f//|//// I IV
lars, put on by ; / //// \\\ I \ ...
hand— they are / // / [( ||| jli I '])
cut in the sack /// / ii '
style — 3 or 4 / // I I
buttons — the // If
most conveni- /I &
ent and com- vi^*
fortable shape .
for business — the styles are the new ones
for summer — a merchant tailor could not !
turn you out as good a suit for less than \
$2s. They were actually made to sell at ;
$13.^0, $is.oo and $16.00. !
This is a carefully considered, truthful I
description of the — no inflation of ;
value, and money will be refunded with- !
out question if when you take them home !
you or your friends are in any way dis- ;
satisfied with them. Your <£!'"> TC? '
choice for Cpi_^./3;
_____ _______ ,
Matchless Shoe *
Values This Week. ;
I _•-'» 200 pairs Ladies' Fine Hand-
jig] A^ J/^3-) Hsl\ Turned Vici Kid Oxford Ties— *
pS/j |'V^/j^^^r f\S>/' black, with opera toes and
Iy\ / IA I IA 1 1 • I common-sense heels — many of 1
V x / '|o \rV V^/ them are marked $2 and $2. — JJ
\/ \^j^ V/ V^7 aye been added to our sale of ■,
■^fy v \fe/ Oxfords which began last 1
week. These all marked while QO "i
they last at the uniform price of "OC rpj 1
A Youth's (young man's) Dress Shoe, try J 'i
made of vici kid, in both black and JJy I Jj
chocolate colors, new Cornell toe, ex- J3?__ > Jl «
tension soles, a swell shoe for boys from JsP/Ti^/! 1
Bto 12 years of age. Would be ex- y^l^jrt^ ' *
cellent value at 52, our price, 35? x'xv^'^^ 1
I 1 to 2 M*l««JvJ C \jp*r 1
i
1
__
Wall Paper, Paints 5
and Window Shades. 3
Great reductions in Wall Papers, especially In the 1
finer grades of Embossed and Heavy Gilt Papers. We i
carry the largest and most complete stock of Wall Paper _
to be found on the Pacific Coast. It is especially selected 3
from eight of the principal factories of the National Wall 2
Paper Company, and we sell our Wall Paper at factory 4
prices. <<
, Wall Papers. Genera! Reduction in All *
White Blanks from 3J^c to Paints. 4
714 c per single roll. Emporium Prepared Paint, 1
Gilts from 5c per single ma <le by John Lucas, <
roll upward. has been reduced from J
Ingrains, 9c per single roll. 2
Lincrusta, isci 5 c per yard Window Shades. J
and upward, according to 3*7 feet Felts at 15c each. 4
q ua li ty 3x7 feet Mounted Opaque A
iillli ass** 1
dealers in the West. 3„ . foot Han 5 d 5 . Ma(Je 4
Samples mailed free to Opaqie, made to order, 4
out-of-town customers. each 65c 4
bf minor points on which at the later tes^
timony he had refreshed his memory, but
his story has been the same all through.
Mr. Herbert certainly exercised no influ
ence over the witness Haynes."
East Oakland Choral Society.
OAKLAND. April 23.— The East Oak
land Choral Society gave Its Initial con
cert, Friday evening. April 22, In the
Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church.
The auditorium was well filled by an
appreciative audience and the affair was
a decided success.
The soloists. Miss M. Ebeling, Miss E.
D. Brown, W. J. Oakes, C. W. Eetts and
E. '!'. M. Eckort, were very warmly re
ceived and heartily encored, while the
Cornet solo by Professor O. J. Lercher
was very enthusiastically applauded. The
trio, mandolin. guitar and piano, by Miss
■\YilHon, Mr. Racus and Mr. Frazier, was
rendered In very good style. Albert Ber
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
ger played an Instrumental solo, and re
ceived a very flattering' encore.
The choruses were all rendered in ex
cellent taste and Bhowed careful train
ing. The closing number being "Colum
bia, the Gem of the Ocean," the solo
being taken in unison by the ladles, and
the entire audience rising and Joining in
the chorus. Small American flags were
waved in the last verse by the ladles
and gentlemen in tho chorus, and when
the number was finished, Rev. J. Tref
fern called for three cheers, which were
given with a great burst of patriotism.
Wife Follows Her Husband.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Mrs. Mary Alice
Maloon, one of the charter members of
the First Baptist Church of this city, died
last evening at the age of seventy-six. She
was the widow of the late Benjamin Ma
loon, who died two months ago. She and
Mr. Maloon came to this city in 1853, and
have resided here ever since. She leaves
a family of six grown children. These
are: B. F., S. 8., Henry, George E. and
Charles H. Maloon and Mrs. Ida Clark.
The funeral will be held to-morrow, when
the same singers will sing the same songs
they rendered at the funeral of her hus
band, and the same minister, Rev. C. H.
Ilobart, will officiate.
Dead in His Bed.
OAKLAND, April 23.— For the past three
days Joseph Hoffman, a widower, living
alone at 956 Campbell street, has been
missing. When last seen he was in a sa
loon, but made no complaint of fetsrtng
poorly. This morning a neighbor. Con
Sheehan, decided to investigate and forced
an entrance to the house. On entering
the bedroom Hoffman was found in his
bed dead. From all appearances Hoffman
must have dted the nicht he was last
seen. It is believed that death resulted
from heart trouble. The deceased was a
native of Germany, fifty-five years of age.
Mr. Foot? Improving.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Attorney W. W.
Footo, who has been seriously 111, was
sufficiently recovered this afternoon to
leave his home and take a short outing.
His complete recovery is now regarded as
certain.
School Summer Vacation.
OAKLAND, April 23.— The public schools
close June 3 for seven weeks. The High
School fund is sufficient to pay the nec
essary expenses till then, while the
Grammar School fund will have a good
sized balance.
"HOW WILL I
EVER FOLLOW"
The Motto Which Is Being
Carried Out by the
Epworth League.
Second Day's Session Proves
as Successful as the
Opening.
It Is Proposed to Hold Another
Annual Convention and Crowds
Are Expected.
The second day's session of the Epworth
League in the Howard-street Church was
a repetition, so far as success is con
cerned, of the opening day. From early
morn until late at night the prettily deco
rated place of worship was crowded to
the doors and patriotic speeches, which
were interminKled with relicious bless
ings, were again heard.
It is hard for an outsider to determine
who receives the most attenion from the
audience, as each speaker is greeted with
a round of applause. The morning ser
vice opened with song, led by O. E. Holte.
followed by expression of thanks to the
Almighty by many present for religious
blessings. Robert Husband, musical di
rector, presided at the organ and many
hymns were sung under his direction.
The first paper of the morning was read
by Mrs. Inez Randolph on "Our Interme
diates." The subject was also discussed
by members of the convention. President
Dennett was of the opinion that the great
trouble often experienced with young peo
ple was the fact that an attempt was
often made to stuff an adult's religion
down a youngster's throat.
Mrs. Etta B. Lloyd spoke on "The Ju
niors and the Church," and was followed
by Rev. E. L. Thompson, who gs>.ve his
views regarding "Some Difficulties and
Some Dangers of Our League." This sub
ject was also discussed by many of the
members of the society, who were fol
lowed by Miss Frances Healy on the sub
ject, "Mercy and Help." Professor Hunt
spoke strongly against indiscriminate
charity, and Dr. Bartley thought the or
phan asylums needed considerable atten
tion.
1 "The Social Department" was deftly
handled by Miss Kate Ames prior to a
meeting of the various districts to elect
oflicers for the coming year. A commit
tee was appointed to endeavor to have
the next meeting of the board of control
held in this city. Then the election of of
licers was held. In the San Francisco
district C. B. Perkins was elected pres
ident; Miss Libby Gumming, first vice
president; George Erhart, second vice
president; Miss Fanny Johnson, third
vice-president; E. C. Hurlburt, corrs
sponding secretary; R. J. Coyne, treas
urer; Mrs. Nellie Hanson, superintendent
of junior work; Miss E. J. Dorrin, super
intendent of intermediate work.
In the Napa district B. Hutchinson was
elected president; Harriet Mcc, secretary;
Mary L. Dickson, first vice-president;
Miss Carrie Williams, second vice-presi
dent; Miss Alice M. Humphreys, third
vice-president; Miss Laura Bell, fourth
vice-president. In the Oakland district
W. H. Young was elected president; L.
L. Dennett, first vice-president; W. C.
Mayne, secretary and treasurer.
The treasurer's report of the league
was received and ordered inscribed in the
permanent records. The continuance of
the statistics system was recommended to
the district cabinet. Professor Hunt, Dr.
Beard and Rev. Mr. Cole were appointed
to form a directory of statistics. A sec
ond annual conference will be held next
year, and an invitation has been received
from Santa Cruz for the district conven
tion of 1599, which has been accepted.
The deficits in the fund for the past two
years have been made up and the organ
ization is now on a good financial basis.
The second conference on junior work
was held by Mrs. Buck, and in the after
noon the members visited Golden Gate
Park and other places of amusement.
In the evening interesting addresses
were delivered by President E. McCllsh on
"The Intellectual Life of Leaguers" and
by Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D., on "The Spir
itual Life of Leaguers."
Sunrise prayer meetings will be held
this mornip and in the evening the con
vention will be closed with a mass meet
ing at the Metropolitan Temple.
The Week's Amusements.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Oakland Park,
formerly Blairs Park, will be formally
opened on Sunday with a gTand concert
and exhibition of trained animals. It is
now under the management of fho Oak
land Transit Company.
"A Stranger in New York!" one of
Hoyt's latest comedies, will be the at
traction at tho Mncdonough Theater on
Monday and Tuesday evenings.
Clarence T. Arper, formerly of Arper
Brothers of this city, will play a week at
the Oakland Theater in the farcical ex
travagranza, "A Wild-goose c.iase."
The Soheel symphony orchestra will un
doubtedly have a crowded house "Wednes
day evening at the Maodonough Theater.
It Is a prime favorite with lovers of good
music
Appomattox Post, W. R. C, No. 5, will
give an entertainment and dance on
Tuesday evening in Lorin Hall.
A. R. Carrington, the "drummer boy,"
a survivor of -the battle of Shiloh, will
give a unique entertainment in the Audi
torium of the Y. M. C. A. building on
Thursday and Friday evenings apd Satur
day afternoon, assisted by Jean de Chau
venet, a violinist.
Stone Was Released.
OAKLAND, April 23.-The charge
against A. L. Stone, for failure to keep
Broadway In repair at the erosslne of
Thirteenth street, was dismissed by
Judge Allen this morning, as the place
had been fixed. Tn rendering his derision
Judge Alien snid the railway officials
should not have been brought into court.
He believed that the other two compa
nies usinE the street should have been
made equal defendants.
Seconds the Commission.
BERKELEY, April 23.-Rev. D. J
Pierce pastor of the Baptist Church,
heartily agrees with Rev. Dr. Coyle that
it Is the duty of ministers not to foment
strife, but to pour oil on the troubled
waters. Since all cannot fight, it is the
duty of those who do not. to engage in
works of peace and mercy. This can
be accomplished by nursing the sick and
wounded, regardless of race. To effect
this more thoroughly a sanitary commis
sion should be formed, and In conjunc
tion with the Red Cross great good could
be accomplished. This should be the true
Christian spirit and should be mani
fested by all followers of Christ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
31 \^\!^"^ JHP a Has been declared pT
t§ ty?^ on ig^ prices for g"
«<| <^~^f^%llV first -class dental
*3? Jvffif Jw'\\v^ 55 Pull Set of Teeth forJsooup BBte>»
y^ // ■/ jy \ M v. N ( , cliar^e for Extracting: Ktor
2— 3 ■■ 4*t if Teeth when plates are ordered. Br^
3 OpennntlllOPM. Sundays 10 to 1 ,. G. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. W
J VAN VROOM ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, &
MARKET. AND SIXTH— PHONE JESSIE 1695.
TRUST FUNDS
ALSO SUFFER
Exact Amount of Wid
ber's Defalcations Is
$117,083 79.
Commissioners Finish the Task
of Counting the Money
in the Vault.
Christian Rels Elected by the Super
visors to Fill the Office of
Treasurer.
Fund. Amount.
Public Administrator $ 25,838.24
Collateral Inheritance 14,634.56
Cenerai Cash 75,996.50
Police Relief and Pension 1,163.00
Board of Health 1.137.00
Total $1 18,769.30
Credits.
Less 5 Per Cent on Collateral Inherit
ance $769.56
Surplus Cenerai Cash 360.95
Cash Belonging to W. J. Heney 555. OO
1,685.5 1
Total Defalcation $1 17,083.79
Ex-Treasurer Widber robbed the city
of $117,083 79, barring a few cents or
dollars, more or less, for errors and
omissions. The commission, including
Mayor Phelan, Auditor Broderick and
Judge Troutt, together with Chief
Lees, Chief Deputy de la Montanya
and a representative of the Surety
Company that is on Widber's bond,
concluded the work of counting the
money in the Treasurer's vaults at 5
o'clock last evening, with the result
given above.
While the police pension fund suffers
to the extent of nearly $1200, the school
teachers' annuity and retirement fund
remains intact. This is a special fund
raised by deducting a certain amount
from the salaries of the teachers each
month, and is in the custody of a spe
cial commission, consisting of the
Mayor, Treasurer and Superintendent
of Schools, the Treasurer being cus
todian of the funds, keeping them in
his own name. Friday night, after the
investigators had failed to find but
$6295 credited to this fund, Mayor Phe
lan visited Widber in the County Jail
and ascertained that the money was
intact, $4000 being deposited in the
Hlbernia Bank and $618 in the German
Bank. Widber gave Phelan an order
for these two deposits, and yesterday
morning the Mayor recovered the
money.
Secretary Godchaux of the Board of
Health is not so fortunate. He had
$1137 belonging to the Board of Health
deposited in the Treasurer's vault un
der his own name, and Widber has
made away with all of it. The ex-
Treasurer, however, says he considers
it a debt of honor and will make it good
to Godchaux.
The Board of Supervisors met again
yesterday morning and elected Chris
tian Reis Treasurer. Mayor Phelan
presided, and Supervisors Devany,
Haskins, Sheehan, Dodge, Lackmann,
Morton, Britt, Smith and Rivers were
in attendance. The Mayor ordered a
ballot on Reis and Martin, the two
candidates, and it resulted, as on the
preceding evening, six for Reis and
three for Martin, Lackmann, Morton
and Smith, the three Republican mem
bers, voting for Martin.
Sheehan moved that a recess of fif
teen minutes be taken, but the Mayor
suggested that another ballot be taken
before recess.
Before the vote Supervisor Lackmann
made the following statement:
"I find the members of the board are
unwilling to admit the force of my ar
gument that a Republican should be
elected to succeed a Republican. The
result being then a foregone conclusion
I do not feel that I ought to stand in
the way of an election, and therefore
having done my duty as a Republican,
I will change my vote in favor of Mr.
Reis."
The roll was then called and Lack
mann voted with the six Democrats,
giving Reis the seven votes necessary
to elect. Morton moved to make Reis'
election unanimous, which was done.
Later in the day the new Treasurer
took the oath of office and then watch
ed the count of the money in the vault.
An agent of the same surety company
that is on Wldber's bond asked Mr.
Reis to appoint his company as his
bondsman. Mr. Reis promptly re
plied:
"I will <3o so with great pleasure if
Mr. Widber's bond is made good
promptly." Reis will not file his bond
until Monday.
Full-Course French Dinner,
With hottle of gooA claret, for 25c at th« Rals
ton. 783 Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. - " .^__-__^. : _ ,__,__,_
Braces Body and Brain.
( A 1 A fljißfJ
C ®CA DU pili'll
ir/ii r/i S francs la bou^iil 1 1 1 :
; 'V%>, : lil !
- |. tfio^variHalill I
-Pa n I H !!! i i Vmsm
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN. "
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility, Malaria, Wasting Diseases and La Grippe. '
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH.
SPECIAL OFFER— all who write mentioning the SAN FRANCISCO
CALL we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM-
PERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
distinguished personages. IMB
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— Hospital St.
i . .' :
I havp a friend, in fact he is my brother-in-law, who is the outside
man for a New York crockery warehouse, a sort of salesman, purchas-
ing agent, collector and what not. He used to suffer from a catarrh
of the stomach. When he woke in the morning there would be a
gripping, a contraction, a tightness of the stomach, whic<h, he said,
seemed to be clogged with a slimy, phlegm-like substance. Carlsbad
salts always did him some good, but now he uses a Ripans Ta-bule. He
only takes one when occasion requires, just one now and then. When
this man, his name is Scalding, was asked to describe the effect of the
Tabule on him, he Mid : " Why, it brightens me up. It has an effect
like dry air; mnkes me feel something as I used to of a spring morning
when the air was crisp but tempered with sunshine. I don't H#iow
how they produce such .m effect, but that is the way they work with m*."
SDR. II ALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Emissions. Impotency. Varlcocele,
Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, &; gruar-
inteed to cure. AddressHALL'S MEDICALIX-
BTITI'TE, Suo Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 Vi Market st.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WONG WOO,
T^f CHINESE TEA AND HERB
pP 0 SANITARIUM,
• jFV»^ 776 CLAY ST., San Francisco, Otl. :
|g*jBp?IPEJWJ All diseases cured exclusive.
fPjt ■ ■•fW ly by Chinese herbs, over 300« .
'•■•.., varieties bein^ used. ADVICE
FREK. Hours, <J:SO to 11 a - m - Ito 3 and 7to
v p. m.
\A/. X. HESS,
: NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW ■ '
I Tenth Floor. Koom 1015, Clam Spreck»l» Bid*.
j ' _ IJt Telephone Brown 93L -
j _ Residence. 821 California street, below Pow.ll, '
ban c ranclsco. , ~RENO PROVED A
SWELL JUMPER
Had the Steeplechase
Stake Up His Sleeve
From the Start.
Briar Sweet Outfootsd May W
and Rubicon in Fast
Time.
Ed Corrigan Lost Hurly Burly Out of
• Selling R»5e — Five Favor
ites First.
The special attraction offered race
goers to Ingleside track yesterday was
the California steeplechase worth $700
to the winning horse, over the full
course. It was not a very exhilarat
ing affair, for Reno, ridden by f^or.^e
Cophran, took the head at the start, j
and fencing like a deer, never gave his !
backers fear fur discomfiture, winning '■
cleverly at the end from Governor
Budd, and reducing the record for the !
distance fifteen seconds. There wer«i
but three other starters — Silverado, Es- j
perance and Our Climate — and they
were a ragged assortment. The latter
took the obstacles in clumsy fashion,
finally coming to grief at the final
jump. The winner was backed from !
2 to 1 to even money.
The layers of prices hit up agnin^t
the sharpest crowd of visitors that
have assembled at the track in a cou
ple of moons. Five of six favorites
led their fields out, and the majority
rowd had their checks strung
that way. Lena, the one outsider to i
win, with post odds of 15 to 1 chalked
about her, was not overlooked either.
Cromwell, the place horse in the same
v> as also heavily backed all three
at long odds.
The last race of the day was the
"class" number of the card, Briar i
t, May \V, Rubicon and Morinel ,
ting in a seven-furlong jaunt. Briar
with Clawson in the saddle, i
: a 1 to - favorite, receded to 6 |
to 5, " i en the bipr coin forced her odds |
Ito 5. She led from the start, j
and ri'i i-'n out at the end, downed the
weakly ridden May W, a scant length
in l:26Vi, equaling the track record.
Rubicon was third, but a neck away.
In the opening four-furlong dash for ]
two-year-olds, the Ingleside record for
th> distance was reduced from :49 to
4y4 y: * by Toluca, the S to 5 favorite, rid
y Piggott. The filly did not
win. though, without an argument, for
I'anac", a daughter of Imp. Creighton.
had Piggott hard at work through the
stretch, and was only beaten out half
a length. Sweet Cakes was third.
Another event for two-years followed
over Jour and a half furlongs. The
Burns & Waterhouse pair. Obsidian
and Polka, ruled favorites in the bet
ting at 7 to 5, with Ach and Santello
the next most fancied. Obsidian, with
Johnny Woods up, made the running
and at the wire downed Ach three
lengths in :85%. Master Lee, asoto 1
sh"!. took show honors in a drive.
Hurly Burly, with but ninety-seven
pounds in th<- saddle, looked the best of
the eight starters In the six-furlong sell- ;
ing spiiru. and after opening in the j
• 6 to r. was hammered down
to 4t" 5. She experienced little dif
flculty In maintaining the front posi- '■
ti>'ii and w.>n handily from Chihuahua,
a 15 to 1 shot with Woods up. The
oth^r eni : • ived very groggy:
looking r ■
Miller >■<: Hlazer's chestnut horse. San
Marco, was a pronounced favorite for
th" mile-selling run, but Clayton man
to get him away back in th«
bunch and at the finish was unplaced.
1. chi ess led until nearing the stretch,
where Mclntyre, on the 15 to 1 shot,
assumed command and ridden
finished a length in front of Cromwell,
another outsider.
TRACK NOTES.
■\Vh<-n next she appears Hurly Burly
>n in the colors of Sam Hildreth.
irrigan had the fast daughter of
red In the third race, to be sold
for $500 and when she won, Hildreth bid
her up to $2000. at which figure the Master
<:' Hawthorne quit Chihuahua, which is
trained by Frank Taylor and finished sec
ond, was then claimed and will hereafter
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEARANCE SALE
—OF—
2nd=Hand
BICYCLES!
ALL MAKES!
ALL SIZES!
ALL PRICES!
FROM $10.00 UP
Send for descriptive list.
Wheels sent by express on approval.
LEAVITf & BILL
303 LARKIN STREET,
coe. McAllister, b. t.
<ft* s FA ". c o
sKßtk
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forma
WKITE If you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FBEK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. "Guide
to Health," free.
. F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-149th day of the
" Winter Meeting. Saturday, April 23, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
Q4O FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old fillies; purse, $350.
£77 Toluca li
(9K) Canace 1(
936 Sweet Cakes 1(
(SSX) Banewor 1<
(936) Buena Ventura ....1(
924 Ann Page 11
VIS Amoltopec 1(
4
2
0
6
1
3
7
12%
3 h
2 4
4 1
6 2
63
1 4
2 2
3 h
:4 V,
5 3
6 2
7
1 %
2 3
3 h
4 3
6 2
6 3
7
gott
wson
Wilson....
>rpe
6-5
4
10
9-5
6
25
50
8-5
3
30
7
60
200
es
>s
Miller....
Time, :4854- Winner, W. M. Murray's eh. t. by Nomad-Sweet,
three driving.
Good start.
Won first
Q/IQ SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; t
U^l?* $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Vim. Mm. %m.
'eight.
ir.
.—i . 1
933 Obsidian 103
933 Ach 112
... Master Lee 110)
Br<s Faversham 103
924 Rey Hooker 103
936 Santello 112|
922 Polka 110
... Baby King 110
7
6
1
2
3
4
•
1 4
3 Mi
6 h
6 1
4 2
7
2 1/
1 4
\i
6 Ms
6 2
4 li
7
2 %
1 '2
2 4
5 1
4 4
3 h
7
6 H
1 3
2 h
3 h
4 h
5 3
6 5
7
Woods
6-5
3
15
4
10
3
•
7-5
3
10
15
15
6-2
*
Clayton
G. Wilson....
! Claw son
Enos
H^nnes-sy ....
Thorpe
Plggott
•Coupled with Obsidian. ••Coupled with Faversham.
Time, :.V'i. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Imp. Stromboll-Clara L.
Ftart except Baby King.
Good
950.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
771 Hurly Burly, 3.... 97
9u7 Chihuahua, 3 99
931 San Mateo, 4 110
917 Montallade, 6 109
'■17 Sly. 4 105
9!9 Za'mar 11, 4 107
582 Midas, 6 114
537 Queen Blazes, 3 97
2
7
4
3
1
8
5
8
'.'.'.
2 1
1 4
3 1
II
4 h
6 h
8 4
9
2 2
1 h
8 2K
4 IVi
5 2
6 3
7 1
8
1 h
2 4
3 4
4 1
6 2
6 4
7 2
8
1 H
2 2
3 h
4 3
6 4
6 8
7 3
8
Clawson
Woods
Hennessy ....
Plggott
6-5
7
3
3
4
15
20
100
4-5
12
7
5
5
40
100
100
Thorpe
[Miller
Glover
Holmes
Time, l:l4*i. Winner. E. Corrlgan's eh. f. by Riley-Helterskelter.
first three driving.
Good start.
Won
QSI FOURTH California Steeplechase;
t/Olt ward; purse, $1000.
full course; three- year-olds and up-
ind.'V. 11 rses.
Weight St.
694 Reno, a. 154 1 1 15 1 15 1 15 1 10 11
932 Governor Budd, 8.. 1441 2 2 3 2 15 2 20 2 30 2 20
611 Silverado, a 154 6 4 1 6 3 2 3 2 3 1
522 Esperance, a 13S; 4 3 25 8 10 4 5 4 4
(932) Our Climate. 5 154 [ 3 6 4 3 »
• Fell.
Time. 7:40. Winner, L. H. Ezell's eh. g. by Jumbo-Sooner. <
three driving. x
Cnchran . .
1 Cairns
Higgins ...
Myers
■Doane
Good start.
n nrnran
Cairns
Higgins
Myers
Doane
2 1
4 5
.... 3 8
2 2
.... 5-2 10
Won first
2
4
3
2
5-2
1
5
S
10
OKO FIFTH RACE-One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
(923) Lena. 4 1OS;
934 Cromwell, 6 115
931 Imp. Mistral 11. 4. .111
924 San Marco. 5 11.")'
957 Twinkle Twlnk, 4... 106
623 Wawona, a 112*
929 Fortuna, a 110 i
765 O' Fleet!, 6 112!
943 Attlcus. 4 1081
940 Loch Ness, 4 Ill]
1
3
5
6
I 7
10
' 5
S
! 9
ii_
_i
6 14
6 2
2 2
7 2
8 h
10
4 'i
3 h
9 4
1 2
5 1
3 1
1 h
6 2
9 3
10
7 2V4
4 1
8 3
24
2 H
3 H
1 ft
4 2
Si*
n l
6 4
5 M
10
8 2
1 1
2 h
3 3
4 2
5 1
6 2
7 1
S 1
9 10
10
Mclntyre
McDonald ...
Hennessy ....
Clayton
Onuin
Clawson
Macklln
6 15
S 10
5 4
1 7-10
12 25
10 25
15 50
4 12
50 100
8 30
[Thorpe
|Oarrigan
[Plggott
Time. 1:424. Winner, Roland & Nichols' eh. f. by Apache-Rill. Good start Won first
three driving.
QffO SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horses.
(756) Friar Sweet, 3
941 Hay W, 4
(935) Rubicon, a :
(934) Morinel. 3
4
2
1
3
1 1
2 1
3 2
4
1 EH
3 VA
2 IVi
4
1 2
3 3
2 1
4
1 IVi
33
2 h
4
1 1
2 n
3 8
4
Clawson
Gouln
Plggott
Woods
1-2
2
3
4
7-2
5
5
Time. 1:26H- Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. f. by imp. Sir Modred-Sweet Brier
Good start. Won all out. "•
race in the Corrigan colors. The gelding
was entered to be sold for $500.
With a trifle better piece of luck at the
outset Cromwell would undoubtedly have
come very close to winning:. He was
sandwiched between two of the other en
tries until afte.r the first turn was
rounded.
The way Reno shouldered his 154 pounds
was a revelation. In the past the geld- j
ing was never partial to weight, and some !
were inclined to view the Performance !
with distrust. The weight was probably j
up. though.
Now that Obsidian has scored, the I
Stromboli youngster may run up to his j
work. In the past he has been a noto
rious "morning glory."
Garnet Ferguson undoubtedly has a
money-getter in Master I,ee, a full brother
to St." Lee. The youngster made a remark
ably good showing the first time out, fin
lshing a bang-up third at odds of 50 to 1. i
SUDDEN DEATH OF A BANKER.
Jackson MacNeill Succumbs to an
Attack of Pneumonia Recently
Contracted.
Jackson MacNeill, who has been con
nected with the London and San Fran
cisco Bank of this city for over thirty
years, died Friday afternoon at his
residence, 2^5 San Jose avenue; Last
Tuesday Mr. MacNeill went to his home
suffering from pneumonia, and finally the
heart was affected.
The deceased leaves a widow, throe
daughters, Rao. Emily and Mrs. F. 11.
Shanks, as well as a son, Louis. A large
circle of friends and acquaintances will
be shocked to hear of his sudden death.
He was 62 years of age and a native of
Boston. The father of the deceased was
one of the founders of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad, which was one of the lirsc
American railways. For many years he
has been connected with business enter
prises and was well known for his hon
orable career. The funeral will be hold
from the late residence to St. John's
Church this afternoon. The interment
will be in Cypress Lawn Cemetery. James
Rolph. Theodore Krauss, A. L. Black,
Otto Arnold. George Frier, W. Terry. i\
W. Russell and J. L. Craig will carry tho
remains to the grave.
DON'T WANT THE ZOO.
Lick-Wilmerding Improvement Club
Prefers Better Streets and School
Accommdations.
At a meeting of the Lick-Wilmerding
Improvement Club Friday a resolution
was Introduced by George W. Center. In
which it was set forth that the members
of the club, as also all taxpayers opposed
to the appropriation of the public funds
for the purpose of buying a tract of land
for a zoo at this time should be present
at the Supervisors' chambers next Mon
day to protest against the purchase of the
contemplated site.
The resolution was unanimously
adopted.
Official information from the Board of
Health was read, in which it was an
nounced that the swamps lying between
Channel, Kansas, Utah and Sixteenth
streets had been condemned and must be
Oiled in, in order to make tho locality
sanitary.
The Utah street grade was once more
discussed, and a committee, consisting of
J. M. Torren, J. E. Kip, F. W. Hillens, M.
Stewart, Q. Quast, W. W. Renall and G.
F. Lyons, was appointed to represent its
condition to the Supervisors.
MASKED MEN AT WORK.
Rob and Beat Japanese Nurserymen
in a Lonely Place Near Ingle-
side Coursing Park.
Last Thursday evening two masked
men with pistols in their hands entered
a Japanese nursery owned by I. Kayo and
P. Torri, at 146 Herald avenue, near the
Ingleside Coursing Park, and robbed them
of $18 and a nickel watch. The men were
ordered to throw up their hands, but Y.
Vta, who was In the building, did not
understand English, and in consequence
failed to obey the command. He was
severely beaten for his ignorance.
The three Japanese wt-re walked Into
a rear room, and while the taller of tho
two robbers kept them covered the other
went through them. After they left they
locked the door from the outside. The
police were given a good description of
the two guilty parties and hope to have
them In custody soon.
Precita Valley Club.
The bad sanitary condition of Precita
Valley, owing to the defects of its sewer
age was the theme of discussion at the
club meeting Frday night.
President Stephen A. Byrne of the Im
orovement club is lying ill with tynhoid
malaria superinduced by the miasmatic
Influence of the Potrero-avonue sewer,
which empties into the siviirap between
Twenty-second and Army streets.
A meeting of the property-owners in
terested in the cutting through of Fol-
Bom street will be held on next Wednes
day at which steps will be taken to fix
upon a scale of assessments for that pur
pose.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Verein Concordia Election.
The following officers of the Vereln
Concordia were last night elected and
Installed: President, Paul Bail; vice
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
present \\ieland Klose; recording sec
retary Herbert Jaeger; financial secre
tary . < onrad Wuesterfeld; surgeon. Dr.
Franklin F. Lord; teacher of singing
Professor 8. Blumi sentry. W. II Smith
trustees—F. Finnen, Joe Piperling, Peter
Mink, Edward Wrede and Richard Kai
was cd. inslallation a choice repast
FIVE FAVORITES WIN.
Talent at Memphis Has Sport With
the Bookmakers.
MEMPHIS, April 23.— Fiveof the talent'splck
won at Montgomery Park to-day, while Nicho
las, a strong second choice, landed the third
race handily by a length.
Five furlong— Leo Planter won, Chimura
second. Clarence B third. Time, 1:05>4.
One mile, celling— Hen Frost won, Sidonian
second, Jane third. Time. 1:46.
Five furlongs, selling— Nicholas won, Sedan
second, Al Lone third. Time, ,:M%
Four furlongs, selling— Fox Chaser won, Leo
Stratus second, Irene F third. Time, :53^4.
One mile, selling- Remp won, Crockett sec
ond. Swing third. Time, 1:45.
Cotton steeplechase, full c-ourse— Captain
Piersal won, Bob Neely second. My Luck
third. Time, 5:47.
CINCINNATI, April 23— Results at Newport:
Seven furlongs, selling — Hoffman won. Loy
alty second. Bill Dawdy third. Time. 1:30%.
Four furlongs, selling— Lucy Blazes won,
Bedlque second. Ed Tlpton third. Time, :50»4.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Rockwr.nd
won. Kingstone second. Friar John third.
Time. 2:14.
1 tae mile— Eddie Burke won, Panchlta sec
ond. Horace third. Time, 1:44%.
Six furlongs, selling— Mazeppa won, Albert
second, Marita third. Time, 1:17.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Meddler
won. Allie Belle second. Bertha Nell third.
Time. 1:24.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— Results: Six fur
longs—Varus won, Knight of the Garter sec
ond. Ixmgaere third. Time, 1:17.
F"tir furlongs — Fillgrane won, Caoutchouc
second. Counsellor Wernberg third. Time. :51Vi.
Handicap, one mile— Thomas Cat won. Ban
nock second, Don't Care third. Time, I:4SK.
Four and a half furlongs — General Martgary
won, Specialist second. Tyrant third. Time,
Uennlngs steeplechase, handicap, about two
and a half miles— Decapod won, Jack Pot sec
ond, Marsian third. Time, 6:22.
A GODSEND TO HUMANITY,
Ohioan Invents a Device That Is a Sure Cure for All Nervous Diseases, Rheumatism, Weakness
and All Forms of Constitutional Sickness. Those Who Have Used It Declare
It to Be the Most Remarkable Invigorant Ever Produced for
Man, Woman or Child,
A quick-witted individual from Toledo,
Ohio, has patented and placed on the mar-
ket a bath cabinet that will be of great
Interest to the sick and debilitated. It is
a sealed compartment in which one com-
fortably rests on a chair and, with only the
head outside, may have all the invigorat-
ing, cleansing and purifying effects of the
most luxurious Turkish bath, with none
of its dangers. inconveniences or enervat-
ing influences.
BPiKst».xHffis3|ay
■Unit WtfS v \ L~^^KiSH^E9fULtiK^b^fl|
SHOWING CABINET IN USE.
A well-known physician in Hudson,
Mich., C. H. Colbath, M. D.. gave up his
practice to sell these bath cabinets, feel-
ing that they were to a very large extent
all that his patients need have to get well.
Another physician of Ligonier, Ind., Dr.
F. W. Black, has followed Dr. Colbath's
example, and he, too, devotes all his time
to-selling the bath cabinets.- Many re-
markable letters have been written to the
inventors from, those who have used the
cabinet, one of which, referring to
INFLAMMATORY RHEUMATISM
will be interesting to those "who suffer
with this dreaded ■• malady.
. Miss Nellie B. Hewitt, Caneadea, Alle-
gany County, N. V., writes: . "My mother
was prostrated with inflammatory rheu-
matism when your cabinet came one week
WAS A BATTLE
OF PITCHERS
Orioles Down the Bean-
Eaters in a Close
Contest.
The Winning Run Scored by ]
Kelly's Hit In the Ninth
Inning.
New York Defeats Philadelphia and
Washington Loses to
Brooklyn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE, April 23.— Nichols and
McJames had a pitchers" battle to-day,
and the 3555 spectators were treated to
one of the fastest games seen here for a
long time. The fielding behind both
twirlers was for the most part of the
hair-raising order. Stohl, Long and Lowe
for the visitors, and Jennings, McGraw
and Demontreyvllle for the Orioles, par
ticularly distinguished themselves in the
field. Quinn was sent to the bat for
McJames in the ninth. Nichols Intention
ally gave him his base, and the troubles
of the latter began. A single and a hit
batsman tilled the corners, and Nichols
was clearly rattled. Kelly landed on a
straight and sent the two winning runs
home amid the greatest enthusiasm.
Score:
R. H. E.
Baltlmores 3 7 2
Bostons 2 8 3
Batteries— Me.lames and Clarke; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— New York
succeeded In winning the closing game of
the series by better all-around work.
Doheny was hit hard in the first inning,
after which he settled down and kept the
hits well separated. New York hit Dona
hue very hard in the first inning, and in
the second inning he was retired In favor
of Dunkle. The fielding of Gleason and
Davis was the feature of the game. At
tendance 10,2."i6. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia^ 9 13 4
New Yorks 14 14 3
Batteries— Donahue, Dunkle. Murphy and
McFarland; Doheny and Warner. Umpires—
Bnyder and Curry.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The Senators
had every prospect of winning to-day up
to the sixth inning-, when six hits for
eight bases gave the victory to the visi
tors. Attendance 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Washlngtons 8 11 1
Brooklyns 9 14 4
Batteries— Meroer and MeGulre: Payne and
Ryan. Umpires— Emslie and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, April 23.— N0 game: rain.
PITTSBUKG, April23.—Cincinnati-Pitts
burg game postponed; rain.
ST. LOUIS, April 23.— St. Louis-Cleve
land game postponed; wet grounds.
LOUISVILLE, April 23.—Louisville-Chi
cago game postponed; rain.
California League Game.
The two leaders, San Francisco and
Oakland, will flight it out at Rec-rea
Park, to-day, for the California League
championship. Game will be called at
2:15 o'clock. The Market Street Company
will run a free car from Kighth and
Market to the grounds as usual. Fol
lowing Is the make-up of the teams:
San Francisco Position. Oakland.
Wheeler Pitcher Russell
Stroecker Catcher Peters
Murphy First base Donovan
Kruß Becond base O'Netl
Trenbelth Thinl base Lanpe
Kelly Shortstop Schmeer
Hearty Left Held Shea
Monahan Center field Dean
Lee Right fl.-ld Hardle
■\Vhalen Substitute Moskiman
Pacific States League.
The Oaklands and San Franciscos, of
the Pacific States League, will put the
following- men in the field at Central Park
to-day, to struggle for the pennant:
San Francisco Position. Oakland.
Drews Catcher Hammond
Johnson or Pitcher Krug
Perrlne
Sweeney.." First base Gollnsky
Riley Second base Ward
Kelly Third base Brockhoff
Stulz ....Shortstop Kagan
Kroghan Left field Croll
Mclntyre Center field Pyne
■\Valtrous Rijjht field Dunieavey
French. Dinner, 25c,
"With bottle of good wine, at the Ralston, 753
Market street. •
Again Heavily Fined.
W. A. Shepard, the employment agent,
appeared for sentence yesterday morning
before Judge Campbell on the charge of
ago. To-day she is around the house, the
swellings in her hand and arm gone, and
is getting perfectly well. Our doctor was
very much astonished, and says he will
recommend the cabinet." Quite a number
of others write in a similar strain, and
there seems to be no doubt but what the
long-sought-for means of curing rheuma-
tism, Bright's disease and all urinary af-
fections has been found. Others write of
various benefits, one of the principal ones
referring to the bath cabinet as
A FLESH REDUCER.
It Is Important to note that the Inven-
tors of the cabinet guarantee that flesh
will be reduced at the rate of five pounds
per week if the baths are taken regularly.
That is, of course, a good scientific reason
why the cabinet accomplishes the fact of
reducing flesh, and those points are well
brought out in a very instructive little
book Issued by the inventors. As a means
to
CURE SKIN DISEASES
the cabinet Is unquestionably the finest
thing in the world. People who have been
testing patent medicines, spring tonics
and blood purifiers should got into a va-
por bath cabinet, and it won't be long be-
fore they have a .skin as smooth, clear
and glossy as the most fastidious could
desire. The great feature of this bath
cabinet is the fact that it opens the sev-
eral million pores all over the body, stim-
ulates the sweat glands and thus all the
impure salts, acids and moisture in the
system are liberated in a natural manner
instead of overworking the lungs, kidneys,
bladder and the liver. Attached to the
bath, If desired, is a
COMPLEXION STEAMER
In which the face may be given the same
vapor treatment as the body. This pro-
duces the most wonderfully brilliant re-
sults and will undoubtedly be popular
with the ladies. Whatever will hasten
perspiration, everyone knows will prove a
benefit. Turkish baths, massage, hot
drinks, stimulants and hot foot baths,
with quinine doses internally, are all
known to the majority of people as bene-
ficial, but the best of these methods be-
comes crude and insignificant when com-
pared with the convenient and marvelous-
ly curative power of the cabinet bath as
referred to above. The cabinet is known
as the
NEW IMPROVED THERMAL
VAPOR
Bath Cabinet and was patented in Octo-
ber, 1896, by Mollenkopp & McCreary, To-
ledo, 0., who are Its sole manufacturers.
A pleasant feature of the cabinet is that
it is so constructed that it may be folded
procuring $3 from Ben Welnzopflen by
trick, fraud and device. The Judge sen
tenced him to pay a fine of $250, with the
alternative of six months in the County
Jail. Shepard's attorney gave notice of
appeal. In a previous case he was fined
a similar amount, and the case is now on
appeal. There is another case pending
against him before Judge Low.
Civil Service Examination.
The United Civil Service Commissioners
have issued their instructions for exam
ination in the Mint Department. The fol
lowing local board has been appointed to
conduct the examination in this city:
Colonel H. P. Bush, chairman: Henry
Mahler, secretary, and C. H. Sherman.
The examination for adjusters for the
United States Mint will be held on Satur
day. May 7. at 9 o'clock a. m. Applica
tions must be filed with the secretary at
the United States Mint not later than Fri
day, April 20. after which time none will
be received. Blank applications can be ob
tained from the secretary of the board at
the Mint.
Special attention is called to the fact
that the applications should not be for
warded to Washington.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
■PRlj^^ wL Mm B isi JBS >CV
"Seventy-seven" having proved
to be a perfect Cure fop
Coughs, Colfls anflGrip
It behooves you to try l>r. Humph.
reys' Specific* for other maladies.
They are the perfection of cure for
Rheumatism and Lumbago, for Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Weak Stomach,
for Infants' Diseases, Croup and
Whooping Cough, and for Female Com-
plaints they are true medical treasures.
Specific .Tin u :il to be found at
Druggists or sent free, tells all.
Specifics at all Druggists, or sent pre-
paid on receipt of price, 25c.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
A MAGICAL enD UCH
TREATMENT hUH MLNI
Lost vitality, Nervous or Sexual Weak-
ness positively and permanently cured.
The STATE MEDICAL COMPANY is an
incorporated company with a capital of
$250,000 with which to make good their
claims. Competent, regular physicians,
every one of them specialists in their
line. We ask no money in advance; de-
posit it with your banker to be paid to
us when you are cured— not before. Our
charges are reasonable and you obtain a
permanent cure or we forfeit $100 if we
fail. Write for valuable information and
positive proofs of our assertions.
THE STATE MEDICAL COMPANY,
Suite 903 Ramge Blk. Omaha, Neb.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
YARD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Beale Street.
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
BY POPULAR DEMAND.
CAPTAIN CARDONO
In His African Lion Hunt.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL.
Performances at 2. 4 and 8:15 p. m.
Admission to grounds, theater and Zoo, 10c.
Children, Sundays and holidays, 10c.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
><fS3VOEWF.Y,STRONG &Co.^?gV
V- i)
VflS^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^SS^
flat in small space and put behind a door
out of the way. People building houses
may thus dispense with the costly bath
room, as the bath cabinet can be used in
any room in the house. For the sick room
its advantages are at once apparent. The
cabinet Is air-tight and water-proof, so
that the vapor cannot posibly escape into
the room. The cabinet is amply large
enough to comfortably hold an adult.
There have been so-called bath cabinets
on the market for years, and have sold
not on their merits, but because there was
an urgent demand for such a bath. The
New Improved Cabinet, made by the To-
ledo firm, is the only practical article of
the kind, is strongly and handsomely
made, and its manufacturers
GUARANTEE RESULTS.
They assert, positively, and their state-
ments are backed up by an array of testi-
mony from persons of. influence in their
respective towns, that their cabinet will
cure nervous debility, clear the skin, pu-
rify the blood, cure rheumatism (they of-
fer $50 reward for a case that can not be
relieved), cure women's troubles, night
Bweats, insomnia, and all diseases of the
nerves and blood. It
WILL CURE A HARD COLD
with one bath, and for such a purpose it
Is really a house.hold necessity. It is, of
course, 'the finest and most luxurioua and
beneficial bath imaginable, but its real
value lies In its marvelous power to draw
out of the system the impurities that
cause disease and for this reason is really
a godsend to humanity.
HOW TO GET ONE.
Readers who are sick or suffering from
any of the diseases referred to above
s'tould have one of the remarkable cabi-
nets. The price is wonderfully low. Space
will not permit of a detailed description of
the cabinet, but it will bear out the most
exacting demand for practicability and
curative properties. Write to Mollenkopp
& McCreary, 384, 356 and 3SB Summit street,
Toledo, Ohio, and ask them to send you
their pamphlets and circulars describing
thdr Improved Thermal Vapor Bath Cab-
inet. The regular price of the cabinet is
$5, and it would be difficult indeed to im-
agine where one could invest that amount
of money in anything else that can prom-
ise so much real genuine health, vigor and
robust strength. Write to-day for full in-
formation, or, better still, order a cabinet.
You won't be disappointed, as the makers
guarantee everything they ship. Their
references are the Toledo Savings Bank &
Trust Co., any express company, Mercan-
tile Agencies or any business firm in To-
ledo. Do not fall to send for booklet, as it
will prove very interesting reading.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
)0000000000000000 00000000000000000000
> o
CITY OF iffll PARIS 5
» DRY GOODS CO. !
> o
I ARRIVAL OF |
J o
Inew goodsi!
3 , o
I Will Be Shown !
I MONDAY - - - - APRIL » I
> ©
» EMPIRE GOWNS, revers and embroidered insertion, made of best ©
> material 75 C each Q
> SLEEPING ROBES, plaited and hemstitched rolling collar 90c each O
5 EMPIRE GOWNS, wide collar, hem finish, neck and sleeves trimmed O
3 with insertion • $1 25 each Q
> CAMBRIC GOWNS, in Empire and other late effects, in variety of Q
3 designs, trimmed with very tine embroidery $1 50 each q
3 FINE CAMBRIC DRAWERS, made with deep hem and tucks; also . ft
full line of Cambric drawers, embroidered 50c each !f
5 FINER CAMBRIC DRAWERS, trimmed with new designs in em- i X
* broidery 75c each °
* LADIES' CHEMISE, with embroidered yoke, on best muslin 50c each ©
* CAMBRIC CHEMISE, corded trimmings, very neat 50c each °
LADIES' CHEMISE, of round and square effects, trimmed with lace °
* and embroidery, ranging downward from $2 50 to 75c each ©
3 SKIRT CHEMISE, in lawn and nainsook, lace and embroidered O
* trimmings, ranging downward from $5 to $1 50 o
I MUSLIN UMBRELLA SKIR.TS, trimmed with fine wide embroid- r>
3 cry, from 55 down to $1 50 each X
> FINE LAWN SKIRTS, lace and embroidered trimmings, best quality, n
5 $7, and running as low as $2 50 each
3 CORSET COVERS, made of fine cambric, trimmed with' lace em- 2
j broidery, fr .r*s2 SO down to 50 each O
5 LADIES' WASH WRAPPERS, made of lawn and Gingham, fine °
fitting, with exuu. WiaZTi 01 skirt, %i, down to $1 ■_ each O
SHIRT WAISTS, Gingham, Cheviot and Cambric, in plaid and O
' striped effects $3. $2 50, $2 St 75, $1 50 and $1 25 each O
jj PIQUE SHIRT WAISTS, plaid and fancy piques, from $4 to $2 O
* FINE LAWN APRONS, trimmed with lace and embroidery ranging O
3 in prices from $1 25 to 50c each ©
* MISSES' GOWNS, made of fine muslin, with trimmed yokes of fine ©
> embroidery, from $1 50 to - - each O
3 : MISSES' DRAWERS, in fine muslin, made with hem and tucks and ©
> embroidered trimmings, beginning at $1 50 and ending at.... each Q
> O
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
! SE. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F., i
} UNION SQUARE. °
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO.
)OQOOOOOOOOQOOOOQOOOOQ OOOOOOOQ 00.00000
Directory or
(IMimKlm) ALASKA-YUKON
«VI^F ■ TRANSPORTATION CO.
fmygl Avf^S^^ "*" "' Dis P aten tlie Clipper Phip
±ifl\ V --X^oiiSk. rufus E. wood
f\J/L \^fcft§«fflSKKsra MAY 10 IS9B - for ST MICHAEL, connectins
5 It^»A vgr^ TNJgit^Sa with our line of river steamers for DAWSON.
J», '/' '^^ « <i3si?«3B Secure your passage an.l freight space imme>-
\ I Iff y \^^^Mmj dlately for the first trip up the river, as it ia
vL^^^^^^^^^ctJ^^ We will nave some freight space left for St.
///I^WJE^^KHHiBMi Apply' at 3 STEUART St., Pan Francisco, Cal.
///if^^Sßr V^iSvfißH BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
7/ I v v^W/ :^^^ owing to tack of food: larger and Just as rich
If! . \j "^^T"» as Klondike: produced about $5,000,000; 1500*
/'/ \4JfLtif • ; '?^./'A 10 ° feet: our new modern Fteamer, Alice
I itrJ^f . \ ft*- stops there gcin< to Dawson City; our
/ f/'/y book free, j Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
/' " -. . Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
ALASKA !
GREAT NORTHERN STEAMSHIP CO.
"WILL DIS PATCH FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship RUTH,
On or about June 1, 1898. Will proceed directly without stopping at inter-
mediate points, and arrive at Sound as soon as any vessel leaving earlier.
LARGEST AIND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE.
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state rooms, bath rooms, etc.
Freight insured at lowest rates.
Fare, including 3000 pounds baggage and PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK
RIVER, in light-draught steamboat drawing one foot, light, to head of navi-
gation, about 250 miles, $200.
EXCURSION RATES.
Round trip from San Francisco, with 500 pounds baggage, with privilege
of stopping about 60 days, $250; or return on any of our ships during the
summer of 1899. Best of Accommodation— Stanch and Safe.
Close inspection invited. Full Information call or address,
J. G. McCALL, General Agent.
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry, San Francisco.
r KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
tljk ' ALASKA.
J& BARK MERMAID
Sf o^! LEAVES MAY Ist.
f^oejjy. PASSAGE $200
\(rlj)] Space allowed for 1% tons bag- i
JpfeS~y*^ tmgr ?-?t <ach passenger. .
eg^*^^ Office 26 California st I
s~^S—~~- HENRY L. BORDEN. Gen.-Mgr.
~^ CAPT. WICKS.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleda, . rctlc dotes, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits, |
Eteam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with .
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 71S Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361. -v
q visit DR. JORDAN'S *««t
«JL Museum of Anatomy
I Prll. IC6I limiT BT^rt. 6ti* 7th, S. F. CaL
■T* I The of lv kind In Ifct World.
$$JL\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
H***'lf a ConiaH»:len free. Writ* for Book
A j phl| °sop h y of Marriage.
GAS i ENGINES. ,_
UNION GAS ENGINE GO,
339 HOWARD STREET.
j GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. *' B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. They
i keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
Ft. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
f^rifSSSßSßs^ifl Big Ois a. non-po!sonon#
■ r4BHßP*"*lhhsfl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
LTIiEeT^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
&S£r in 1 to s fliy».^| Whites, unnatural di»-
Mm^W Ontrantf'-'l fj charges, or anT infiamma-
Jffl>S noi to luictur*. tion, irritation or ulcera-
||* TPreTenta con'.tglon. tion of mucous mem-
|f7SITHEEv»NS CHEmritfio. brands. Non-oetringrnt.
'MfiEkoiNOINNATI.O HI Sold *>* DrnnliU,
»6» C. s. a \HI or sent in plain wrapper,
.^■fflKhw J^P^M by exprens prepaid, for
vOttBfy\^H $. l -°°' or 3 bottle, 12.73.
•^^BS*'V » Circuiar sint on ra«Mtt.
■ ' i ■ ■ .■•-■. - -..._■
1112
«AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night Ir the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:SO o'clock.
til Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open a '1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. '
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
:r.£6 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
utreets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 surer St.. between Kearny and !
GnuU aye At li a. ..... Christian Science ,
Bible lessons; subject. •■Forgiveness *t ;
Taught by Jesus.- Sunday-school for children
at the same hour. "Science and Health
study Thursday, at Bp. ™. All are welcome.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
H. E. Co ke, rector: Rev. 11. S. Hanson, as-
sistant. Services every Sunday at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. •m. Holy communion first and
third Sundays at 11; other Sundays at . :30.
Litany, Wednesday and Friday at .ll a. m.
In the chapel. Evening prayer and address
Friday, at 4:; p. m. Sunday-school at 8.30-
a. in.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts., Rev. George C. Adams, D. IX. ;
easti r- Morning service, 11 a. m.. Rev. M. ,
]1 Whlttlesey, D. D.. of New Haven. Conn.,
will preach. Evening service, < :30 i clock;
•sermon by the pastor; theme. "Consider the
Lilies " Sunday-school and Bible classes at
12 46 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:30 p. m. Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and choir master. I
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near Webster-Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev F. B. Cherlngton, D. D., pastor, will ;
preach morning and evening, morning sub-
ject. "Approving Things That Are Excel-
lent." Evening subject. "Working With the
Grain of Things." The public cordially In-
vited. .
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts.. Rev. Samuel B.
Cryor D ]» pastor-Major G. K. Hilton, i
the evangelist, will preach In the moHilng.
at 11 and In the evening at . :..O He « ■ II ai Iso
-. to men i nly at :: p. m. In the > church
and to the Christian Endeavom at B:so p. m.
He will Bpeak to the children In the Sundw-
schoo at 9:~ a. m. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day evening. All invited and welcomed. |
SIMPSON Memorial Church, corner i:.i> >■* and j
michanan sts.-Rev. John Stephen,. i;a»t£r.
S^^"cSuc^^^%&
superintended: At 6p. : m.. ,I;>,', 1; >, ' , '"■ L*a«ue
nnd evening Bervice combined, to be address-
ed by Pn.feUir R. D. Hunt of the University :
of the Pac :. . Miss Mary L. Dickson of
Petaluma and other delegates to the Ep-
worth League Convention. The public cor-
dially Invited to all the services.
HOWARD-ST. Methodist Episcopal Church,
the Strangers' Sabbath Home. 643 Howard
st between Sec. nd and Third. 2 blocks from
Palace Hotel.— John A. B. Wilson. D.D., pas- |
tor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m.
Morning subject. "The Recovery of Borders—
The Privilege of Young Christians" ; even-
ing "A Helping Hand to Christ." Special
services ■: song by chorus. Boys' Brigade
choirs and prominent soloists. The new sacred
f-ung soloist. Miss Emma McCommck, will
slug Tours' "A Crown of Glory." A cordial i
welcome iwalte you. Seats free. .
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner 1
Twenty-first and Capo sts.— Rev. .1. N.
Beard, D.D., pastor. Sunrise prayer meeting
at 6:30 a. m. Preaching at 11 a. m. by Rev.
W. C. Evans of Stockton; subject. "How
Lovely Are the Messengers" (from St. Paul).
Solo by Richard Moyle. Sunday-school at
12:45 p. m. At 6:30 the congregation will
unite with the leagues in a service at which
there will be addresses by visiting ministers
and lay workers of the convention.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, Post st.,
near Steiner— W. C. Jenkins, pastor. Morn-
Ing subject, "A Great Man Fallen." Even-
ing, baptism will be administered.
ASSOCIATION Hall. Mason and Ellis sts.—
Interesting service for men only this (Sun-
day) afturnoon at 3 o'clock. Chalk talk by
A. DeMuth and brief address by the Rev. J.
P.. Orr. All young men welcome. Next Tues-
day evening Fred Emerson Brooks, the popu-
lar poet and humorist of California, will give
an entertainment at the Association Audi-
torium, the programme Including some of his
choicest original poems.
CATHOLIC Apostolic Church. Native Sons'
Rail Subject. "Our Lord's Coming." Sunday,
8 p. m. James B. Davenport, evangelist.
Admission free.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor— Subject, "Unity of Good." Ser-
vices. 11 a. m.. Yosemite Hall, N. S. G. W.
building. Mason St., between Geary and Post.
Sunday-school and Bible class, 10 a. m. All
are cordially invited to attend.
METROPOLITAN Evangelistic ser-
vices -,t 3 o'clock, preaching by the Rev. P.
B. Morgan. Everybody Invited. Seats free.
THE Theosophlcal Society of "Universal Broih-
erhood," 818 Market Lecture to-night, i
"What the World Most Needs," by Miss A.
Bryce. Subject Tuesday night, "The Heart
Doctrine." The International Brotherhood j
League meets every Saturday night; Its ob- j
ject is "To help men and women to realize
the nobility of their calling and their true j
position In life." ]
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening n» 8 o'clock In Fra- ,
ternal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To- !
night, "Practical Theosophy," by W. J. Wal-
ters. Good music; everybody welcome. Lotus
circle for children In same building at 2:30.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists: Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister;
Sunday, April 24; song service; 7:30;. Mrs. R. |
S. Lillle, speaker; subject. "Is War Neces-
sary in Order to Evolve a Higher Spiritual ,
Civilization?" Admission 10 cents.
A— The gifted medium. Katie Heussmann's.
grand test meetings, beginning May 1 at ill
I-arkin st.: sittings daily; cymbal circles
Friday evenings; 2.'.< v 115 Franklin st.
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE will hold a
meeting in San Francisco Wednesday even- j
Ing at 8 o'clock. Occidental Hall, corner Lar-
kin and McAllister sts.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market,
11 free: 2-8 ;>. m., 10c; Mrs. Sealey-Vlchers,
Dr. Carpenter, Huff, Wednesday, 8 p. m.
335 McAllister.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall.
Washington St., 8 o'clock sharp. Special
service. Mmc Florence Montague will occupy
the platform.
A TEST developing circle. 2 p. m.: 8 p. m. test
meeting, 10c. 33T. McAllister St.; R. A. Stltt,
Nlta, Meakln, Hargrave, Buttler, Evens.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH— Watch next Sun-
day's Call for meeting place In San Fran-
cisco; office, Brunswick Hotel, Oakland.
C. V MILLER'S materializing seance: 8 p. m.:
50 cts.: Wed., 12 o'clock. Mother Sadie, ma-
terializing Reance; 409 Leavenworth st.
FREE Thought— Mr. Sawklna lectures this
evening at S on "Peter and the Rooster." 909
Market St.
FREE spiritual test meeting to-night: 8 p. m. ;
• Forester's Hall, 20 Eddy st. Professor Gee.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c: 605 McAllister st.; fine music.
C. MAYO Steers, 1124 Oak; circles Tuesday 8
p. m. ; Thursday 2 p. m.; readings $1.
TEST meeting this evening nt 111 Larkin st. ;
10c. Mrs. Gllllngham and Dunham.
MRS. FAVRK. 1133 Mission si : spiritual test
meeting to-night; free; no collection.
MEETING NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' day— Grand annl-
versary picnic at Shell Mound 1 -
Park. TUESDAY. April 26. v^iSK^T' ,
Games, races, gate prizes, music ■"■''■'
and dancing. Visit the Patriarchs Militant
and Rebekahs. Come one. come all and have
a good time. Entire proceeds In aid of Or-
phans' Home at Gllroy. Admission 25c. Chil- j
dren under 12 years free.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 12, K. of P.. j«F
will hold a called meeting MONDAY j«>
EVENING, April 25, at 8 o'clock. cNS&*
A. F. WADE, C. C. -425ii3
THE twenty-ninth annual picnic and *
reunion of the Knights ot the Red if j.
Branch will be held at Shell Mound wyU
Park, Berkeley, on SUNDAY. May 1, HtJf
18SS. A most Interesting feature of the cele-
bration will be Irish jig and reel dancing,
for which liberal prizes will be given.
THE PRESIDENT.
PICNIC. St. Andrew's Society— The . C 7 >
annual St. Andrew's Society picnic 3V, JSiSj
will take place at Fairfax. HAT- <*VIW
VRDAY. May 7. I«9S. Round-trip *£3*t
tickets, adults, i.('c; children, 25c. Valuable
prizes for games. Music by Bennett's Band.
Boats leave ferry at 7. 9:30. 11 a. m.. 1:45 p.
m. Returning, trains leave at 4:45. 5:30 p. m.
J. S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.
THIRTY-SECOND" annual gathering . <> v.
and games or the Caledonian Club 3Si €mv/)
at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley. ■&TL£t
SATURDAY, May 28. , *"*
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec.
CHIEFS and members of Arapahoe Z&CTfffcfc.
Tribe No. 76, are notified to attend -*=SeJj£?
the funeral of our late brother, <W3?l*?
E. H. JOHNSTON, at Red Men's building.
820 Post St.. SUNDAY. April 24, at 1:30 p. m.
One dollar fine for non-attendance. • By order
• of J. W. O'NEILL, Sachem.
Attest W. L. TIEBNEX. C. of R.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 80 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
con. 1 any, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
day May 2, IMS. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. April 26. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OFFICE of the High Court of the Independent
Order Of Foresters, Los Angeles. April 21, !
X&s*B. — To all whom it may concern: As a
matter of information to all the members
of the Independent Order of Foresters, and to
all who may be contemplating Joining the
order, I am pleaped to say, the laws of the I.
O: F. In no way jeopardize the good standing 1
of a member should lie Join the military
■ service of his own country; and having as j
the I O. F. has a magnificent reserve fund
>f nearly three milllonsof dollars, every cent
of It will be available to pay death claims 1
to the widows and orphans of any of its
members who may die in defense of "Old
Glory." Respectfully In L. B. and C.
G. A. McELFRESH, High Chief Ranger.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
AMERICAN Battalion: Independent military
organisation. For membership apply at head- >
quarters, 927 Market st., room 609. GEO. W. j
JOHNSON, acting major.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION^
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. BSSO.
MISS R. DUVAL, just from the East; expert
chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3,
223 Poet st.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. HIS Market St., rm. 8.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1. 843
Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
20S O'Farrell St., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market s^ room 14.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and :
vapor baths. Room 10, 211 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st.; 2d floor.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
I'OBt St., room 10, second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2.
ALVINS HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
bath*. ISM Turk and HIS Market, mis. 15-16.
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cab'^et baths. 116 Taylor st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper. Box i
. 1727. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as 1
housekeeper; Is a good seamstress; will care '
for invalid; no objection to children. 6 Thir-
teenth st., near Harrison.
YOUNG lady would like a position to do light
upstairs work; Is also competent to sive !
piano and painting lessons. Address MISS
S. IV, 4 Walnut aye., off Larkin. San Fran.
GERMAN experienced lady would like a posi-
tion at general housework and plain cook-
Ing in small family or for widower. Call all
day, 11 Bernlce st., bet. 12th and 13th.
LADY of experience in hotel work, position as
housekeeper"; could manage; summer resort
preferred; best references. Box 1722, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to help to do light
housework: has no ineumbrance; no ads an- i
swered. 452 Eighth St., rear.
GOOD cook and manager for boarding-house,
hotel or Institution; city or country. Box
1716. Call office. j
WOMAN wants situation to do general house- \
work; city or country; wages $12. 264% Te-
hama st.
WANTED, by a competent woman, work by
the day; washing or ironing or houseclean- ;
ing; $1 '0 a day. Apply 1910 Steiner St., or
send portal.
HOUSEWORK by a young woman witn 2 boys
en a ranch; good housekeeper and cook. Box
1673, Call Office.
YOUNG woman wishes plain housework; wages
$15. Call 1020 Howard St.; references.
FIRST-CLASS American cook; ' would do
washing: no objection to ranch; good baker;
$10 to $12. Call 12-.' Third st.
LADY desires position as companion or to as-
sist in family for good home; speaks French
and German fluently; also musical; best ref-
erences. Box 1702, Call office.
AMERICAN woman, middle aged, wants a
position to do house or chamber work. Call
on MRS. A. P., S2l Mission st.
LADY wishes to make herself generally useful
In family for good home and moderate sal-
ary: speaks French. German and English;
good musician. Box 1669. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place to do up-
stairs work In a nice private family; Is a
good sewer. Please call at 31 Lafayette St..
between Howard and Mission, and between
Eleventh and Twelfth.
YOUNG Eastern woman, with child aged 6,
wants position as housekeeper. 615 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to take
entire charge of an infant or children; city I
references. Please call at 542 Howard st.
POSITION wanted as workin- housekeeper;
city or country. 211 Fourth St.. room 61.
AN experienced ""dressmaker desires work by
the day. Address 525 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with good references ;
wishes a place in a nice private family to do i
upstairs work, or would take charge of small
country hotel: is also an experienced nurse.
Call 1202 Mission st.
WIDOW wants gentleman's washing or would
keep house. Call or address 1317V4 Mission.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; gSod !
plain cook. 109 Grove st.
ELDERLY woman wants family sewing and
mending one day every week. If permanent;
useful In light work; terms low. 3020 Twenty-
sixth St., near Alabama.
GERMAN girl wants situation for housework
and cooking; reference. Call Monday, 112
William st.
FIRST-CLASS dress 1 and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city
or country. Address box 1749, Call office.
YOUNG German woman desires position, up-
stairs work or light housework: good seam-
stress and dressmaker. Call at 811V4 Bry-
ant St., store.
NEAT young girl. 16. would like place to take
care of baby and assist In light housework; I
must be in Mission. Address E. L., 2526 '
Mission st.
NURSE, hospital experience, would take 1
charge of an Invalid: terms reasonable. Call I
or address Nurse, 310 Sixth aye.
HOUSEWORK by competent woman; good
cook and baker; no objection to country. Call 1
or address MRS. G., 313 Seventh St., in store.
YOUNG German woman would. like position as
housekeeper. Call at 811V4 Bryant st., store.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework. 628 Bryant st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work. Apply 1135 Florida st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a place as
housekeeper; good cook and experienced. Ad- I
dress Housekeeper, P. O. box 110, Redwood
City. Cal.
YOUNG neat woman, good cook and seam-
stress, handy at any work, wants position;
speaks French and English; city or country.
131 Third st.
GOOD reliable woman wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country: no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WHITE. 15 Hyde St.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place to do gen-
eral housework In American family. 414
Folsom st.
WANTED— position • good, competent girl
for housework d corking; wages, from $20
to $25. Call at 647 'Jay St., nr. Leavenworth.
WANTED — Washing, ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day: good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN. 15 Minna st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of 10
years' experience: good references. Address
8.. box 1, Call office. Oakland.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ad? and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help-
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm'!: Office; choice
help: tel. Grant 5' Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- St.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes posi-
tion as coachman; good driver and handy
around place; city or country. Box 1718, Call.
FIRST-CLAS6 California cheese maker wants
a situation, or will take charge of dairy
Addre»s 1. . G., box 1726, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a chance to do mission
work: has had some experience. Address box
1717, Call office.
YOUNG fnan desires position as grocery clerk;
experienced; speaks German; best- of refer-
ence: will not work in " store with saloon
attached. Box yO3. Call office.
YOUNG man with knowledge In freehand and
mechanical drawing, wishes position In this
line of work. Box 1751. Call office. , .
COACHMAN, a Dane, competent, reliable ex-
pert driver, good gardener and milker, wishes
employment: excellent city references. Ad-
dress box l£oo. Call office. - - ""
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
SITUATION'S W ANTED— Continued.
GARDENER, first-class, wants situation; un-
derstands care of horses and can milk cow;
look more for good home than high wages;
good references. Address O. P., box 1772, Call.
FIRST-CLASS plumber and fitter wants work;
city or country. Bo* 1707, CaJl office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter ln a fac-
tory or Institution or taking small contracts
or jobs; needs to work. Address A. D., 1050
Howard St.
POSITION wanted by a first-class electrician;
competent to do any kind of installment or
repair work. Box 1713, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes first-class sit-
uation: posted on all the arts. Address box
C. F., Oakland.
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class, quick
workman, temperate young man, best ref-
erences, with good outfit and tools, will
work cheap; city or country. Box l? 01. Call
office.
STRONG, steady, sober German-American
young man wishes a situation ln some furni-
ture house; can do packing, finishing and set
■ un chairs or any kind 01 work; city refer-
ences. Address box 1744, Call office.
GARDENER, understands greenhouses, propa-
gating of plants, vegetable growing, can milk
and take care of horses, wants position; ref-
erences. Gardener, box 1735, Call office.
HOTEL clerk, bartender and solicitor. Address
box 1745. Call office.
BARTENDER, North German, 24; lunch cook
for saloon. 207 Montgomery aye., room 56.
ENGINEER and machinist competent to erect
new or repair old plants, understands saving
fuel and other expenses; S years with one
company; good references; steady and sober.
Address S.. room 17, 2S Clay st.
COACHMAN and gardener wants position on
private place; thoroughly understands the
care of horses, cows, garden, etc. ; good ref-
erences from private places. Address box
1737. Call office.
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience ln hard
candy and creams wishes situation ln whole-
sale or retail house. Box 1751, Call office.
ROBUST young boy desires to learn black-
sinithing; Is quite handy: small salary ex-
pected. Box 1761, Call office.
YOUNG man, strong and willing to work.
wishes employment; machine shop preferred.
Address box 1736, Call office.
HUSTLER; record as a Collector; first-class
solicitor; enn make business; best of city
reference. Address A. 8.. box 1755, Call.
ON ranch by married man; has been foreman;
good blacksmith, carpenter, harness-maker;
understands orcharding and vineyardlng;
wife good cook; references. 1119 Mission, r. 10.
YOUNG man. v years' experience ln office of
large manufacturing concern, wants position
on ranch or mine. Box 1767. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn general black-
smith trade. Address 2420 Mission St.; tele-
phone Blue 441.
JAPANESE wants position as good cook and
housework; city or country- Address C.
OYAGATA. 4Z.\ Stevenson St., S. F.
A CUTTER and tailor with long experience
desires situation; can furnish references; will
also work on bench. Address box 1801, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener by young Dane; un-
derstands care of horses; can milk, run gaso-
line engine; sober and Industrious; 4 years'
reference from last place. A. J., 434 Jessie.
BY young married man. Job as engineer or fire-
man: 6 years' experience; understands care of
dynamo. Box 3171, Call office.
COOK, good on pastry, desires position; bach-
elors or small boarding house; wages moder-
ate. H. ANDERSON. 1312 Green st.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
work? or superintendent: 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 13 to do any-
thing. Address ls^j Geneva st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and hanks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 5306, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook; man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellnr and general
work. Address box 3207. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment ln sausage
factory or pork packing; good experience;
references. Address box 3280. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 ThlnTst.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $150 to $S
week; convenient -nd respectable: fre« 'bus
and taggage to and from fer -y.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, must make salads, $25; wait-
ress, Fresno, $6 week; 4 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; waitress, city, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, $20; chambermaid, $15; res-
taurant waitress, $6; 5 restaurant waitresses,
jr.. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
INSTITUTION cook, $20, call early; German
girl, CallstOga, $20; Alameda, $2"; Napa, $20;
10 housegirls, city. $20 to $25; 2.') housegirls,
city, 515 to $21; nurseglrl, $20; lroners, $1 to
$1 50 day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., KM Geary.
BWEDISH or German second girl, country, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WTITRESS; springs: fare paid: see party here
between 9 and 10 Monday. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT Protestant cook and do some housework,
CO washing. American family, country town,
$2">, see lady here Monday morning, 9:30.
MURRAY & READY', 634-531, Clay st.
TWO lahelers for factory; >oung nurseglrl,
housework girls and others. • MURRA7 S:
READY. 634-636 clay st.
SALESLADY, children's underwear depart-
ment; cluak and suit saleslady; cloak figure.
313 Isu?h st.
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition; ref-
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladles' Exchange,
New management, 313 Bush st.
SALESLADIES, copyists, clerks find pleasant
and agreeable matrons. Commercial Depart-
I ment, 313 Bush sL
WANTED— GirI 13 or 14 years. Call Monday
morning after 9 o'clock, 544 Third St., near
lirannan.
LADIES to make bandages at home for large
surgical house; earn $10 weekly; enclose ad-
dressed stamped envelope for reply. MARSH-
ALL CO., ;,06 Fulton st.. Brooklyn, N. Y.
TEACHERS, business women, nurses, can find
employment with good pay to travel or fill
offices for wholesale houses. 553, Parrot bldg.
GOOD girl for cigar-store. 25 East St., near
Clay.
GIRL for housework and cooking; small fam-
ily; wages US. 3529 Twenty-first st., between
C>Btro and NToe; take Castro-st cars.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1622 Bush st.
TWO waitresses wanted at Model Restaurant,
763 Market St.; call early.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; family
j of three; wages $15. l."30 Grove st.
GERMAN girl for second work and assist with
children; references. I6OS Fell st.
OPERATORS on caps, hats and muslin under-
wi ur; steady work all the year. 547 Market.
GOOD operator or finisher on coats. 107 Fifth
St., room 1.
GOOD waist trimmer and finisher wanted.
MRS. M. G. ALLEN, 776 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI for % second work; wages $15
Apply to 1368 Webster st.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl (German-speaking preferred) for
light housework. 6;' l McAllister st.
YOUNG girl to do light work and go to school.
i2f.Vfc Natoma st.
COME come, come: be your own dressmaker
and milliner and learn dressmaking and mil-
linery- at the largest and best school; Mc-
Dowel] system of dresscutting received diplo-
mas and gold medals In Europe and America.
We thoroughly teach every part of dress-
making and millinery; easy payments; pat-
terns cut, 21c up; hats trimmed fress; all are
Invited. McDowell Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School, 103 Post ft.
WANTED— SIIker on gloves; automatic ma-
chine. F. G. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
NEAT young girl to assist in. housework. 2705
Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers ladles' tailor Jackets.
A. KAHN. 142 Geary St.
YOUNG girl to assist ln small family, $15. 417
Powell st.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1C79 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch wfflce of The Call. Subscrip-
tion? nnd want ads taken.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
St.: monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN drc-psmaklng and millinery; position*
free: patterns ?sc. McDOWF.LI.'S. 103 Po«t.
HELP AY ANTED— MALIi.
SHAMI^dOEBTTor "springs r^calPeariy! (T~R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED- To-day (Sunday), blacksmith, $1 50
a day and found: harness-maker, $1 50 a day
and found, for a railroad camp; office open
11 o'clock. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
15 TEAMSTERS, city work; 2-horse teams,
$1 ',:, a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FOREMAN for a box factory. C R. HANSEN
& CO.. 1(M Qeary st. j
_HELP WANTED— Continued^
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
dishwasher, $2U; cook and helper, country,
$75; cook for a mining boarding-house, $45;
third cook, restaurant, $50; fourth cook, $35;
cook, boarding-house, city, $3o; cook, small
restaurant, near city, $35 to $4U; baker, small
country hotel, $35; bakers helper, $15 arid
board; oysterman and waiter, restaurant, $3J;
cook for a ranch, $20 and fare advanced; 2
waiters, country, institution, $30; waiter,
plain boarding-house, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
50 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters for railroad
work; regular wages. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
HOSTLER, city, $40; man about place, $15; 10
woodchoppers. $1 25 a cord. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st.
DUMP boss for a railroad outfit, $3 a day. C.
__H»_HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
BLACKSMITH for a railroad camp, $1 50 a
day and board; harness-maker for a camp,
$1 60 a day and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
YES MONDAY -WE WANT
7 Cooks 6 Walters
3 Dishwashers —2 Bakers
2 Ironers ■ 2 Ironers
1 Harness Maker 2 Can Seamers
10 Farm Hands 20 Woodchoppe.rs
36 Tie Makers 10 Laborers
Cheese Maker — 2 Milkers
2 Blacksmiths for mines— — 1 Tool Sharpener
Butter Maker- 2 Choremen
The above named positions range in wages
from $15 to $?o per month and found. Come
and see us. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents G34 and 536 Clay st.
Telephone Main 5548.
TO WAR TO WAR- TO WAR
Employers of Help
Many thousands now employed. May b« some
in your employ will be called to fight for
our common country. Their position* must
be filled. MURRAY & READY, the Leading
Employment Agents, are ready to supply you
with first-class help free of charge. Please
remember, we sent (17,000) seventeen thous-
and men to different positions in California
during the year 1897. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Acents. 634 and 638
_Clay st^ Telephone Main 6848.
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters find paying, steady positions.
313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent. $20 per
week at commencement; quick advancement;
new corporation business. 313 Bush st.
CROCKERY Ftore clerk; retail shoe clerk; tea.
coffee and spice traveler. 313 Bush St.
OYSTER opener; lunch counter clerk; tinner;
; waiters; cooks. 313 Bush st.
ISS MEMBERS give written indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Experienced traveling salesman;
permanent position to right party; must have
clean record and give bond. Box 814. Chicago.
WORK at home furnished people of either sex
at good wages. For full information address
LABADIE ART CO., Kalamazoo, Mich.
TWO more men on a proposition that la
making money for those now handling It.
Good commission or part salary and part
commission: must have gilt-edged references.
Address box 1621, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man; small wages and found.
701 Willow aye., near Buchanan st.
APPRENTICE for blacksmith shop; with lit-
tle <-xp<Ttt>i.ce preferred. Ml 3 Harrison st.
DISHWASHER; man or woman. 604 Third st.
BOOK compositors wanted. PERNAU BROS..
543 Clay st.
WANTED— Man of good appearance to take
_j>rders. Call bet. 11 and 1 to-day. 464 Eddy.
LATHERS wanted. Apply at new building,
corner Laguna and Fulton Fts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
nient. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 625.
25 MEN to work on the water; good wages.
HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; must write a good
longhand. Box 1740. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale. 9CSU Howard st.
RE< HI/ITS wanted (or the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 21 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, T.eno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c or |75e we-k. 10.1 New Montgomery-
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
BAKBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
PUCHB, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SU, Eighth st
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c ar.d 250 per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 2 f O rooms, 2."c a night; reading room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROBEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
nltrht: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 16c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY A-me House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. 3r>c. 359 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 10fi-Branch office of The Call.
Puliycrli tlons and nds taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS-JKX) weekly and expenses guaran-
teed Eood men to sell Arctic Refrigerating
Machines for cooling refrigerators: guaran-
teed 7;> per cent cheaper than ice; indestruct-
ible, everlasting; every owner of a refrigera-
tor buys them, as the saving of ice In one
month more than pays for machine; have
over 5000 in use; 1000 testimonials from lead-
Ing merchants of the U. S. ; greatest monop-
oly ever offered agents; no competition; ex-
clusive territory assigned good salesmen;
write to-day and secure your territory before
it Is taken. ARCTIC REFRIGERATING
CO., Cincinnati, O.
AGENTS outfit free; no capital needed; expe-
rience not necessary; exclusive territory; our
own make of safes, desks and bicycles; sell
at sight: city or country; new agents actu-
ally getting rich so can you; 1 agent, 1 day,
cleared $04, and first month $472. BAKER
_safk co.. Chicago, in.. Pept s-6.
AGENTS for Maine memorial souvenir; quick
seller: sample and terms Be. HA RING &
GEYER, 31S Broadway, New York.
LADIES and gentlemen to canvass perfume.
Call iii 323 " Farrell St.. from 6 to 8 p. m.
OUR lady agents are delighted with the new
goods; sales beat record; more agents wanted;
no men. D. W. ROBERTS, 609 Sacramento.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country In War": all about Cuba.
Spain. Maine disaster, armies, navies and
coast defenses of United States, Spain and
all nations; over .100 pages, magnificently
illustrated: one agent sold S9 In one day.
others making $30 per day; most liberal
terms guaranteed; 20 days credit: price low;
freight paid: handsome outfit free: send 12
2-rent stamps to pay postage. Educational
Union. 324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
AGENT'S outfit free; new agent one day made
$M selling our 'Safe-Desk." Baker Safe Co.,
Chicago, 111., Department S.
W A NTEf >~ Canvassers for coaj oil. Apply F.
B. Joyce Oil Co.. Seventh and King sts.
LADY or gentleman; salary and commission.
Apply 13G Ellis st.. bet 1 and 2.
PARTNERS AVANTED.
PARTNER with small capital In wine and
liquor business. Call 81S Valencia st.
LADY partner In large' dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor »t.
ROOMS AVANTED.
YOUNG lady desires single furnished room in
private family; state rent. Box 1723. Call,
ROOMS AJTD ROARD AY ANTED.
WANTED — Home with private family by young
gentleman of means who can afford to pay
for comforts; rooming-house will not answer.
Address American, box 1742, Call Office.
GENTLEMAN of quiet habits desires sunny
room near Van Ness or Pacific aye. Address
R. 8., box 1734, Call Office.
WANTED— Good home for child of seven; San
Rafael pyf.-rr.-d. Box 1706. CaJI office.
AY ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A good three-quarter folding bed;
will exchange bed or other furniture for it.
627 Vi Fulton st.
WANTED— Ladles' and gents' bicycles. aX
dress Seventh and Market sts.
SHOT GUN, 12 gauge; aUo~rcvo7ver, 38: sec-
ond hand. H., box 9. Call office, Oakland.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery at.
PA W N BROKER-Old gold, silver, cant-oft
1 clothln* bought. Add. COLEMAN. 11 Third, ,
PERSONALS.
I HEREBY state that I am not married and
have 'never been married; that the advertise-
ment stating that a son has been born to
me is a malicious Joke.
CLAY H. POWELL.
LADY with commercial experience, leaving
San Francisco May 1 for East and Europe,
will take commissions for business houses or
private parties; best references. Bo* 1700,
Call office. •
LEARN to hypnotize: greatest wonder of the
age; hours of fun; we teach the quickest and
best method on earth; you can make the weak
as strong as a lion or the bully as timid as a
child; cures disease or bad habits; causes
others to "come" to you. love and obey you;
every wish gratified; I guarantee success.
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE. 402 Geary st.
HUSINESS PERSONALS.
FAMILY going to mountains to camp 6 mos.
wants lady or family to Join them; best ref-
erences furnished and expected. H., box 9.
Call office, Oakland.
THE unprecedented success of my additional
balconies may force more Improvements;
hairdressing, 25c; good switches. $1; best,
finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long. $5;
I open Sundays from 9 to 12. 'G. LEDERER
111 .Stockton st.
j ■ ,
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at HOLLER'S, 8 Sixth st.; also
children's dresses; free; minettes, 50c per doz.
MONDAY and Tuesday free Instructions for
home treatment for old sores, pimples, piles
and eczema. Room 554 Parrott building.
QL'INONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
THE Ladles' Barber-shop has removed from
352 Third st. to 316 Third.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails:
trial. 10c. MRS. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly 919
Broadway, moved to 1155 Washington St.,
Oakland; new stock stationery and notions.
FLESH reduced, natural process: lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S.. box 1754, Call.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trlcal water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant ay.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d st.. Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC liehts In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Bt.. nr Market; 200 rooms,
isc to $1 50 pc- night: $1 50 to IS per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
StTIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and <th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, styTlßh~dresses"
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present i
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar- |
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with <
special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms |
25 and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 1346 Market, rooms 1
and 2 — The wonderful trance medium can be
consulted on all the affairs of life; can read
your thoughts: tell Just what you want to
know; removes evil influence; locates buried
treasures; If in bad luck she will change it
for you; letters promptly answered: enclose
stamp: ladles 50 cents.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1: palm, and elairv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.,
room 10.
MICE. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 2"c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23*4 Sixth,- rm. 6.
CLAIRVOYANT and card reader; Indies or
gentlemen, 23c. 424 Tehama «t.. near Fifth.
MME. SYBIT.LE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2 ic: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
GYPSY- life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 2.'c; G., 50o: no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRP. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never fails: advice: lelp. 929 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call. Sent -to any address in the United j
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage j
fn-e. .;:....-.'.: :
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN. me^iurnT~sltttngg |
daily. 320 McAllister st.
MME. JAY. palmist f6Vi Geary St., room 11;
hours 2 to 9 p. m.
CAL. Hall. Oakland, Clay and Eleventh. MME.
YOUNG'S meeting to-night; 10c: boy orator.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
2.12 Stockton st. old No. 218.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123 M. Sixth St., room 14. '
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. .
HYPNOTISM
SAN FRANCISCO College Suggestive Thera-
peutics: diseases, habits; competent teachers
MRS. DR. TURMAN. Pres. 217 Larkin St.
C,AL. Institute, 4024 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
LODGIIVv. HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22V4
Geary Et.
110 rooms; safe investment; clears $250... 54500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price. ■
$300; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
$250—28 ROOMS; transient; biggest snap ever
offered; clears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22H
Geary st. - ; y. >
DON'T miss It; 14-room house, near Powell St.;
clears $50; price $350; part cash. See WIN-
STON & CO., 646 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms; Sutter st. : offices: payments... 450
22 rooms: central: Al investment; 0n1y... 850
24 rooms; rent $60; corner: fine — 1200
29 rooms; rent 165; very good 450
28 rooms; rent $35; investigate this — ... 350
32 rooms; rent $100: clears $100 900
46 ROOMS; sunny c0rner...........: $1500
18 rooms: corner house; new and g00d.... 1800 i
17-room house; rent $35: clears $S0 3.'0
38- room house; clears $100; $300 cash 1000
7-room flat; .sunny corner 225
40-room house; clears $150; must 5e11...... 3000
10-room house; new and good: Ellis at.'..'. 850
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
OLD established boarding house, 22 rooms;
partly furnished; rent low; on San Bruno
aye., near Nebraska st. Apply GENERAL J.
H. DICKINSON, Mills building. \
FOR SALE, $2000 — 63-room lodging-house, full
and paying must be sold on account of de-
parture; take part trade. Box 2300, Call.
FOR fine garden loam inquire at GEO. HAN-
ERKSEN, 510 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth.
SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnished; all rent-
ed Al location; corner house; 2 entrances.
Apply at Call office.
FURNITURE AY ANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. :
INDIANA Auction Co. , Removed to '19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS. ■ blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work. who. are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Michael; leave May 1.
Apply The Gold Star Co.. Mills building, San
Francisco. . . -
WANTED— Reliable man to sell right to pat-
ent of portable folding boat; Just the thing
. for Klondike; patent applied for; good induce-
ment to right man. . Box 1672. ; Call office.
FOR Sale— Cheap: 2 tickets bark Northern
Light. Kotzebue Sound. 116 Berry st., nr. 3d.
GENUINE arctic fur. clothing; . heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
~~~~ - PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DO.. NELL, oltice and residence,
12M , Market; disease* of women a specialty;
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 18D2; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2107 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
BOOKKEEPINO and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 555 Market st.
1 VIOLIN mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth St.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French,
Spanish; now classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
j MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
I o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads tak"n.
LOST.
LOST or strayed from 178 Minna, black span-
iel bitch. Parties returning same will be lib-
erally rewarded, and no questions asked.
$5 REWARD— Lost, on southeast corner of
Pierce and McAllister sts., a p>"t black sheep;
answers to the name of Nigger. Above re-
ward will be paid any person returning him
to the above address.
LADY'S gold watch, engraved A. H., on Fol-
Bom St., below Fremont or Oakland ferry,
Monday. Return 310 Folsom st. ; reward.
LOST— April 20, pug dog. female: answers to
name Flossie. Return to 1106 Hyde; reward.
MUSICAL INSTIUMICNTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$s'per5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealprs, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lrrgest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prii-^s can not be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene j
Mora, at the Orpheum, prefer the Crown
piano. So will you If you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 218 Post st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$90; examine list of bargains -his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post St.
A FINK Chase Bros, and a Steinway cheap \
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building, i
FINE upright piano sacrificed for cash; any
reasonable offer entertained. 833 Castro st.
FINK large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
Bt., flat No. 1.
A (Jin i|i upright, v.tv cheap. !•" McAllister
St., next Hibernia Bank. SOHMITZ.
HORNUNG's new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low pricee on all pianos until May 1.
7. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7f° Market Bt.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; 12 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE rlanos; new scalp; lew Etyles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ;_nd new. H.
MUI.LER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads takpn.
IK KSES.
GOOD pasture can be had by Inquiring at
Nucleus Stables. 187-IS9 Stevenson st.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all j
kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium sale 3
yards, 220 Valencia St., T. P. NEVILE.
40 HORS.S for sale; also wagons, buggies, !
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys
for sale cheap. Horan's Yds.. 10th & Bryant.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. : auction every Tuesday.
AVAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments: 1 fine top und opeD
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNCH 29 feet long; Al model; oak top
strake; sugar pine deck and covered In; with
or without engine. Apply at 4 Falmouth Bt.,
7 to 9 p. m., or Lee's Boathouse, Long Bridge. [
A—siooA — $ioo "COLE" banjo, considered the finest
make; finished in the most elegant style; will
be slaughtered for $35. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FOR SALE cheap— Fine magical outfit com-
plete; will give full Instruction to buyer; no
experience necessary- Call after 7 p. m. or
Sundays. A. C. MONALA, 3237^ Sixteenth St.
FOR SALE— Counters, art-glass, sidewalk ele-
vator, granite steps, etc., at the Louvre,
corner Powell and Eddy sU^
FOR sale cheap, young fresh Jersey cow; yel-
low. Drug store, near 26th-st. hospital.
PHYSICIAN'S Harvard chair in leather, per-
fect. $25; cost $75. 424 Tehama. near Fifth.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above sixth.
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMTPT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163, Call office.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
$55— Upright piano: good condition; $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor. b2lts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per do* •
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc .
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
CARPE - CLEAnTnG^
CITY Steam Carpet caning Works; cleans,
mves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth Ft. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted - Ith poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
_^_ating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
McQueen, oi utevenson st. : tel. s. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanin?, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern -am Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL^ -net-Cleaning Co., 240 14th j
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
OB LARKlN— BranciTofflce of The Call; sub-
scilptions and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and tented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices ALEXANDER it CO., 110 Uontcomnt j
BU INESS CHANCES.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers'" ~?nL
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$3;.r>— Grocery and toar; fine cor.; living room*
$400— Home restaurant; finest; best paying
$325— Combination store; grocery: restaurant"
furnished flat. "-urant.
$500— Stationery, books, Call and laundT
office. *
$^',».hi — Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass
$21"0— Bookbindery ; best equipped on coast
$4;>oo— Steam laundry; plant and buildlngst-^
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$150 — Corner saloon: value in stock; dally re-
ceipts $15; a snap. KHEDO & CO.
i $6000— MEDICAL Mfg Inc.; 25, (XX) ■hares; par
! value $1; large salary for right man; value
| In stock. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary st.
$9(i— BAKERY and notions; good living rooms-
dally receipts .?3. KREDO >v o '., 2^ 2 Geary!
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; cleas $150. KREDO & CO., 22V 3 Geary.
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
$300 — Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON A CO., 777 Market.
FOR SALE— Good paying grocery; fresh stock;
fixtures, horse and wagon: doing a good castj
business; satisfactory reasons for selling;
price $800; or will sell by inventory: a good
investment. J. P. JOHNSTON & CO., 87J
Broadway, Oakland.
PARTNER in a good manufacturing business;
capital required, from $5000 to $10,000. full
amount to be invested in the business; every-
thing ready to operate; open to fullest inves-
tigation. Address Manufacturer, box 1719,
Call office.
SUCCESSFUL and long-established plumbing;
business offered for sale; good opportunity
for one or more parties; good reason for sell-
Ing and rnce asked is all In sight in up-to-
date stock; principals only need apply. Box
1712, Call.
$3000 WILL buy one of the beat-paying small
hotel and saloon businesses In ValleJo; owner
wishes to retire. Inquire of CHARLES
SEEMAN, 816 Kearny st. _
$400— Candy-store and Icecream parlor; 3 fur-
nished living-rooms: low rent; bona-nde bar-
gain; must be seen to be appreciated. Pacific
Exchange, ii9s Market Bt.
FOR SALE— Paying book and stationery In
prominent location downtown; low price and
partial payments if desired. Box 1714, Call.
FOR SALE— S2SO buys a first-class meat market
with cash regisfpr included; a bargain; owner
going to Alaska. Inquire 1110 Folsom St.
AN enterprising business man with $300 for *
cash business; only principals dealt withj
merits investigation. S. Jr.. 313 Bush st.
AN Interest in a good-paying Incorporated
beer-bottling company, having sole agency in
city. Inquire 1529 Mission st.
$100— NO offer refused; must sell immediately;
laundry route, horse, wagon, eto. Apply 2881
Sixteenth st.
COMPLETELY furnished beer garden and re-
sort to let. MRS. BROCKLEMAN. Lorln.
PAINT shop cheap; or ladders and staging
separate; established 40 years. 40 O'FarreH.
SHOE shop, good business. Including machine,
$40. 145 Second st. ; call to-day from 2 to 3.
YOUNG man with a little money for milk
business. 1024 Francisco St., near Larkin.
3 VALUABLE mother lode mining clßims fo#
sale or exchange. Suite 169, Grand Hotel.
FOR SALE— Millinery store; established fof
many years. Box 1730, Call Office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market st. . basement.
$475 — CORNER grocery and bar; side entr-ance;
a bargain; investigate. 619 Post st.
BARGAIN — Old corner grocery and bar; owner
going East. Box 1700, Call office.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest In the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Kirkwood, Cal.
$1200— IMPROVED placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
1288, Call office.
$150 Invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise: control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md.
$100— BRANCH bakery and notion store; 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bath room, stationary
w;i_shtubs; large yard; rent $12: party going
East; must sell this week. 2>2 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING parlor cheap; nets $100 month;
210 customers: sickness cause of selling. 10&j
Washington st.. box 2S.
GROCERY and bar, first-class location; must
be sold: a bargain. Apply P. J. KENNEDY.
20 Front st.
$150— BARBER shop; 2 chairs; paying; rent $12;
bargain. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st.
RARE chance for thorough hotel man or
woman with $1000. J., box f>. Call, Oakland.
$1000— FOR sale, saloon, restaurant and im-
provements; rooms for family: rent $15; lease
45 years. Apply 32:12 Mission st.
FRt'IT store, good trade, transfer corner, ror
sale. 2622 Mission st., cor. Twenty-second.
GOOD paying branch bakery. 448 Third st.
WANT to rent house and few acres; good lo-
cation for road house; may buy. Box 17S0,
Call office.
WANT saloon In or near Sausalito. Box 1720,
Cnll office.
GOOD paying restaurant at a bargain. 613
McAllister st.
FOR SALE— Bargain; shoe store; best chance
on earth to secure a good-paying business;
choice location 50 miles from San Francisco:
population 5000; clean etock; can be reduced
to $4000. Address box 3367, Call Office.
I FOR SALE— Country bakery; a great bargain;
worth $600; will be sold at your own price on
account of unexpected early departure; must
be sold before 26th of April. Inquire 625 Clay.
$600— RESTAURANT and 5-roomed flat, hand-
somely furnished; excellent business; Investi-
gate. Apply at Call office.
YOUR choice of 2 good-paying restaurants for
sale; reasonable; 511 or 1309 Castro st. Apply
611 Castro st.
$75— Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and
milk; good trade; cheap rent. 521 Howard st.
M-~nca
LANDS In trnplcal Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc. : large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 78 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
CORNER saloon;- central location; fine cash
business; with or without lodging-house;
rood reason for selling. Call 1019 Franklin
st.. Oakland.
PAYING saloon in North Beach district; sell-
ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
BEST-APFOINTKn restaurant in San Jose;
fine location: must be sold. Address S.. car*
of Call agency, San Jose.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St., city.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st.
C n ~"F'EK and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
MONTGOMERY. H7, co r . Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOit SALE.
FOR SALE— Furnished cottage of 6 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; cheap rent; no
agents. Apply 1412 Jackson, from 1 to 5 p. m.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale cheap. 136
Shipley st., minor Fifth.
FOR SALE — Furniture of small flat: 3 months
in use. including No. 7 Winthrop range, blua
flame oil stove, etc. Apply 105 South Park,
from 11 to 4 p. m.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge word
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set. $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to L
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branrh, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market BL. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent"
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teetti
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, J5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors. 819 Market. Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. R
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.CITY EAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ]
Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery st.
MISSION-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,000— Lot b5x160, running through to Minna
st., and old Improvements.
AN . ELEGANT MANSION.
California st. ; an elegant mansion
of 15 rooms and bath; beautitul grounds;
large lot, 53:9x137:6; the cream of Nob Hill.
CHEAP CORNER INVESTMENT.
115,000 -Rents $1500 per annum; 4 substantial
two-story and basement houses of S rooms
and bath each; corner on Pine St.; 87x82:6:
both streets accepted; houses always rented.
CREAM RESIDENCE DISTRICT OF THE
MISSION.
— Dolores Bt., the Van Ness aye of
th«» Mission; a fine 2-story, basement and
attic residence of 12 rooms and bath, laundry,
etc., furnace, library. liaid wood floors,
stable, driveway; very sunny; beautiful
grounds; w:6.\:«. to an alley.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$9000— An elegant residence of 12 rooms and ;
bath, laundry, etc:; chicken houses, aviary; |
large lot, 25x162:6; with an L 12:6x50 feet; j
Devlsadero st.
HYDE-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7500 — Two Ktores and Hat; new improve-
ments; 31x60; rents $61; street accepted.
A GOOD _. . ESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE
:.',,' AVENUE.
$6300— Two flats and cottage; 27:6x137:6; I
front part of lot vacant.
BUSINESS CORNER LoT.
$5750— Corner on Pevisadero St.; 34:6x110; ;
good lot for store and two flats.
a FIRST-CLASS INVESTMENT.
$5500 — Price greatly reduced: two elegant,
nearly new fut.s; very high basement, which j
could also bu converted into a flat at little
expor.se; present rents $47 50; 27:6x106:3; good
location in the Western Addition; Steiner st. i
A SACRIFICE AT NORTH BEACH.
$4250— Rents 545 per month; 4 flats; lot runs |
through to rear street; must be sold; this
price will be shaded.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— EASY
TERMS.
$3350— two-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc. ; very nice location
on Pine st.
... ,v>CE RESIDENCE LOT.
$3100—26x110; on drive to lark; Devisadero
street.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2£fO — Two flats of ■ rooms each; near sev-
eral lines of cars;' Green St.: 25xSS:6; rents
$264 per annum; always rented.
CHOICEST "RESIDENCE LOTS ON ASH-
BURY HEIGHTS.
$75 per foot— Lots- any size, 106:8 feet deep;
Ashbury St.
CHEAP BUILDiNG LOT.
$1300— Norfolk St.. near Eleventh and Fol-
som; street accepted.
MISSION 'BUILDING LOTS.
$35 per foot-Lots; any frontage, by a depth
of 115 feet, on Anity St.: only half a block
rrom Mission St.; all ready to build on;
these are Hie cheapest lots in San Francisco.
RICHMOND^ LOT—A SNAP.
$500--Oo I!"" ot street cars; 25x120: street
sewered and .macadamized; this is a pick-up.
Cal! and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ord? "' which, contains a list of properties for
F _e in, -11 I arts ot th" . C^ BSEN & co ..
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
.•.'■'■ 14 Montgomery st.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
o— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6: with house.
o— Market and Page; 55x120 to Rose aye.
$10 500— Cor Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$!,< 000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin- |
den aye. _."»...
$SooO— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 2<:6_110;
2 fiats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
' . i— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
jSjoo— Pacific, nr. Polk: 25x100.
| - - Cor . Bryant and Zoe; 17:8.
$5000— Howard, nr. 30th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$si«o— page. r.r. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
rooms and bath.
$4500— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms anil t'alh. marine view.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4,\X)— 24th. nr. York; 50x104.
$4000— Mason, nr. Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
l: rnnni!" an.l bath.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement; 25x120; cottage.
SH ,n)._\ aipaiaiso, nr. Mason; 28x60; improved.
Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x54:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
j^OO— Sargent St., nr. old San Jose road; 50x
1C0; cottage.
UNIMPROVED.
$2600— Stelner, nr. Oak; 2JXIOO.
-Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
tl2'V>— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th ; 25x125
$600 Union, nr. Webster: £7:6x77:6.
ott, nr. Washington, 25x115.
. 17th -and Capp; S2:»;.\110.- .. .
25x120; Boyce anil Rose aye. : 3 lots.
25x85; i3th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25xl'V>: Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x9i\
$850— in block B. Park Lane Tract.
$6*)— Plymouth, nr. Montana; xi lV >.
22:llx?o; Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
23x1f>7.6; Pierce, nr. Lombard: 2 lots.
Ashbury and 18th; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
$500 Eighth aye.. nr. L St.. S. S. F. : 120x100.
_________________
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
Tehama Ft., near Ist; brick building in Al
condition; 4 flats of 3 rooms each and base-
ment; lot 25x80; rented for $55 monthly; price
$4750.
PRICE 54250 — RENTS $45.
Fine flats on Killing st.. near 12th; all mod-
ern improvements; lot 23xS0; will always rent.
A RARE CHANCE.
Fine business corner on business street:
brings over 6 per cent net; steady tenants;
price $45,000. Call for particulars.
$8000— Fine modern residence with splendid
marine view; Octavla St., near Broadway; 10
rooms; lot 25x137:6.
SOME V_RY CHEAP L.iS.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
NEAR PARK HANDLE.
If AFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st
THOSE TWO NEW HOUSES
WE .SPOKE OF LAST
WEEK ARE SOLD.
Two very sensible families, seeing the
the chance they had been waiting for, and
waking up to the folly of Increasing the
landlord's pocket-book— paying rent year
in and year out and getting nothing in
return— are the satislled possessors of
these two comfortable little homes In the
Heyman Tract. 'We are building four
more cottages — to date and convenient
in every way — that can be had from $1250
to $2500 each on the terms of your usual
rent money. This way you get a home
for your rent money, while paying rent
gives you nothing. So here are four more
chances. Take Mlsslon-st. cars, transfer
to Twenty-second st. to Hoffman aye. and
ask for James Cotter, resident agent, who
will show you the houses. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery St., Owner, will
give all particulars.
ONE block of fine level land: 1 block from
electric road; suitable for chicken ranch or
dairy; at a bargain: $10 monthly. JACOB
HKYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and Twenty-third; fine
corner: all street work done; easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$60 AND upward— Building lots in all parts of
the city; close to car lines; $5 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
LOTS in Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
comery st.
$50 DOWN and $13 35 monthly will buy a new
four-room and bath cottage, with level lot:
convenient to cars: good neighborhood: five
already sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at:
$3100— Rent $27; 2%-story double flat on 10th
St., of 6 and 8 rooms each; lot 23x100.
$5750— Rent $t>o; 4 Hats on Geary st. ; lot 28x
125.
$6150— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
$25,000— Market St.: lot 25x125, with a 3-story
house, store and lodging.
$25.500 — A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well Improved; paying 8 per cent.
$3500 — A fine corner lot for grocery and dwell-
ing on Golden Gate aye.; 50x100.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28x100, with a 2-story house and stable, 3
blocks from new City Hall.
$4250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st.
$14,000 will buy 3 fine houses and lot 66x1«.*:«
on a very pi eminent street.
$16.'» A splend'd nearly now apartment
house; renting at $160 per month.
$il4oo for .1 oouble flat of 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$25.
$14,500 ■will buy a McAlllster-st. property, i
stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks tram Oi>y Hall.
$30,000 will buy _ business nr.pert/ thn. rents
at $260.
UNIMPMCVEMV
Two lots. 33x100 each, Tar Twe.i*y-foarth Ft.
and Potrero aye., at a low price.
$3100— Fine corner lot on l-illmo^e st.
$800— Noe st., near Thirtieth iyt .*!'! 6x75.
$2100— CHEAP modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
3755 Twenty-third st., near Chattanooga: easy
terms. Apply E. E. AUBRY & CO.. 2245 Mis-
sion at., between Eighteenth and Nln»teentn.
7-ROOM, two-story house; big lot: 72x122 feet;
bath, mantel, etc.; complete: $1500. Two-
room email house: big lot; $300. Two fine
building lots, $125 each. Also others; all
within 6 minutes' walk from Fruitvale Sta-
tion. D. PRATT, Fruitvale Station. THE
VcCARTHY COMPANY.
CITY HE -L ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents;
established 1S58; 626 Market Bt.
Several business Investments, from $40,000 to j
$60,000, In downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
$7500— McAllister St., near Fillmore; two
large flats; paying good income; lot, 25x100.
$5200— Rents $540: Rausch St., near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$5000— Washington Ft., near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 2SxI2S.
Must be sold: two fine fiats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; i
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
Three flats, inside of Larkin St.. nr. Geary:
new; latest improvements; good-size lot: cen- I
trally located; rents $110 per month, paying j
over S per cent net; price $12,500.
$4000— Fifth St.. near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street; two houses.
$4500— Bush St.. near Devlsadero; 7 rooms
j and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderick; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good income; lot
25x52.
$3." oo— Rents $36 per month; Clementina st., j
near Third; lot 25xS0.
$2500— Shipley St., near Fourth; large house:
! lot 25x75.
$3000— Cottage and let." 21st St.. near Castro; j
| 5 rooms and bath; 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$l?Co— Merrltt St., near Market; 4 rooms and
bath; lot 25x80:3.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
; and bath and rear house; lot.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haignt and Octavia sts., one
I block off Market; 87:6x100; offered low; one-
[ half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
Ets.; 27:6x107:7.
Near corner Leaven worth and Sacramento;
37:Gx75:11; elegant location for fiats; $2500.
Corner Lombard and OBtavta: 46:6x100.
$27i0— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:5x127:8.
$1750— Union, near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
JK'UO— 7th aye., near J; 25x120.
jiooo — York st., near 22d; lot 25x100.
$?00— California st., nr. 12th ay?. ; 25x100.
$Soo— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
I ROBERT J. MERCER & SON,
41 Bargains." near Montgomery.
Bargains.
$10, Pacific Heights; elegant view; good
lot 27:6x137:6; fine sunny residence of 12
rooms and bath; cement bulkhead and foun-
dations; bay-windows and street accepted.
JSOOO — Sacrifice; corner Ridley and Steven-
son sts., near Market; both streets accepted;
large lot: 37:6sbO;' 6 tine flats; rents $96.
$SOO0 — Fine corner lot; Laguna and Pine
sts.: 47:6x80; must be sold.
$3900 Just reduced; very cheap: Natoma
St., near Sixth; two houses; rents $38.
WAR prices; new 5-room cottage, worth $1600,
for $1390; $590 cash, balance easy. THE MC-
CARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
"BIG fish gobble little fish"— Little fish has 15
good lots; heap cheap for $500 each; little fish
wants money to buy "hash," so he no die
and go to hell; will Fell the whole or part,
$100 each; then little fish eat. live, go to
"Klondike." dig money, be big fish and no go I
to hell; investigate them. THISTLETON, 272
Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
GREAT reduction in prices of homes or vacant
lots; 4, 5 and 6-room model cottages. Apply
441 Central aye., Alameda, or J. E. DAMON,
602 Market st. , r
NEARLY completed; 6 modern 2-story houses;
beautiful marine view; lots 27:6i@U0: 6 and 8
rooms; $3600 and $3^00; cash or installments.
Leavenworth. near Lombard.
! $2900 — COTTAGE of 8 rooms and bath. 2320
Bryant st.
FOR SALE cheap— Complete set of real estate
block books up to date. Inquire at 224 Mont-
gomery.
VERY cheap lots; ready for building: An-
derson St., near school on Bernal Heights. I
j McEWEN BROTHERS, US Montgomery st. j
$2SOO— CENTRAL corner near crossing of nar- j
row and broad gauge, Oakland. Address 2422 :
Polk St., San Francisco.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Beit Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near !
Mlssion-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to 1850: graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 month! v.
. --. SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400. $450 to JSOO; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down: $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage In
Richmond and Sunset Heights: easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
_______ _„
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. . close to electric road.
$5000— Gcod corner for store; must be sold;
let .c2:4x60. c 2:4x60 feet. - ;
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st. : panhandle or park.
Choice building lots north of park.
Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x96 feet. _J
NICE home $?00: several fine level building j
lots. $125 up. Red Flag, Six-Mile Station, San |
Bruno road. Howard-st. cars.
COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements: terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison St.. bet. j
21st and 22d. i
$2«OO— ELEGANT home, southwest corner Cali-
fornia st. and Third aye.: 5 rooms: bath:
stable: large basement; 2 frontages of 30
feet each: easy terms: greatest bargain in
Richmond: call and see it.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Pall. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 M, postage
free
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Me-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no ' commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount to loan on city real estate at 6%
and 7 per cent. ROBERT J. MERCER &
SON. 412 Pine st.
WANTED— To buy second-hand pianos for
cash. 136 Ellis st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 323 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commis. : low Interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WASTED.
$500 WANTED— by stock Jewelry; all
new: six times the value; also regulator,
watches and clocks for sale. Address "Urg-
ent." box 1752. Call office.
WANTED— S2O,OOO; first-class security; real
estate. Address box 1721, Call ofllce.
WANTED— borrow $2600 on good security.
Address 607 Sansome st.
_ iJiANOIAL.
LOANS .on real estate, bonds, etc. lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
If WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
«5 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Bub-
»crlptlon» and want -da taken.
larkspur real ESTATE.
"^^
Villa lots ar>4 acreage: easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., _2 Market st
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 18HS.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PROBATE SALE— ~
$2550— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of
Hayes and Clayton sts.; 25x106:3; very close
to Park Panhandle.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
__________
A SNAP-
BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE.
IN WESTERN ADDITION.
— Goou cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on
Jackson st., near Broderick; lot 25x127; bank
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
LARGE LOT.
$3000— Two lots, each 25x100. and cood new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X St., near Ninth aye.; splendid view
of Park and the Golden Gate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' 10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES-ST. RESIDENCE.
$SOO cash, balance monthly Installments;
handsome new house; contains 7 rooms and
bath; every convenience; extra large corner lot;
plenty "of room for store and fiats; corner.
BALDWIN & lIOWELL,
• ' 10 Montgomery st.
ONLY $750! ONLY $750!
Cottage of 4 rooms and basement: Holly
Park; not far from the Mission-st. cars. Think i
of it! $750 for house, and lot! Why pay rent?
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
| PAYS NEARLY 8 PER CENT.
129,000 — May be less; handsome new 4-story I
and basement building; store and lodging house
above; on prominent down-town street, close to
Eddy and Taylor.
$5750— Rent $63 50; all rented; we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
improvements; large lot; not far from the cor-
ner of California and Mason Bts.; call at once
for particulars.
$6500 Rent $510 per annum; new, handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes St.; short walk
from Market; large lot.
McAllister st., near Franklin; 3-story
building, containing stores and fiats above;
rents $105; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. WORKINGMEN!
CHEAPEST HOME LOTS IN THE CITY.
$325— Terms $25 cash, balance $10 monthly:
only 5 lots left; Nebraska, Vermont, Nineteenth '
and Twentieth sts.; electric cars on Sixteenth i
st. ; only a short walk to Union Iron Works and j
the manufacturing and warehouse districts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SNAP— ~~
$7500— A great bargain; splendid business [
corner in the best part of the Mission; lot 30x
90; Improvements consist of store and 4 rooms j
in rear thereof; flat above of 7 rooms: also 2-
story house of 6 rooms and bath; all improve-
ments in splendid condition; rent $63.
BALDWIN <t HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HAYES-ST. COTTAGE.
$4350 Hayes st., near Laguna; nice cottage
of 6 rooms and bath: lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
! David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
For exchange — acres of Russian River
I bottom land, near Ukiah; 32 acres in prunes,
8 acres in pears, 25 acres in alfalfa: good
house and improvements; all stock and tools
and farming implements on the place. A
profitable income place.
TO LEASE.
THE CELEBRATED
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Completely furnished and equipped.
IN CAPAY VALLEY
. IN CAPAY VALLEY
IN CAPAY VALLEY
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section,
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Capay Valley, in Yolo County, lies |
north of the famous Vaca Valley, and post- ;
| sesses the same characteristics of that great j
; fruit section. We offer in this valley and '
vicinity lands belonging to the Bank of '
Woodland at less that the foreclosure price; j
prices range from $2 25 an acre for grazing
land to $40 an acre for the best fruit land-
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE !
PON'T MISS THIS CHANCE i
Call or send for the catalogue and price
list of these lands.
McAFEE BROTHERS i
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
! PASTURE lands for sale or rent: reclaimed
j and unreclaimed: rent 10c per acre and up-
ward : for sale, $2 an acre and upward. Me- j
j AFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., S. F. j
J $2300— 1n the Santa Cruz Mountains; finely im- I
proved vineyard -home; 35 acres: will' ex-
change for larger place. McAFEE BROS.
A VINEYARD AND SUBURBAN HOME,
With a good income; 50 acres; nearly all in J
full-bearing vines; half a mile from Warm
Springs, Alameda County; Improvements first :
class; price only $11,000. McAFEE BROS.
A— PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR
A splendid investment; finely Improved
ranch property in Alameda County; price ■
$150,000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
A— OWNER WISHES TO EXCHANGE.
A finely Improved ranch of 480 acres, near !
Llvermore, for town property; 20 acres In ]
full-bearing orchard, balance grain and pas- j
ture land; price reduced to $20 per acre. Mc-
AFEE BROTHERS. ,
________________ „_
A— IN SUBDIVISIONS!
AT ASSESSED VALUE!
A grand opportunity — 5000 acres of the es-
tate of Sarah Blake, deceased, lying on the
Merced River; for sale as above; the land is J
! well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables and j
alfalfa; in plats of 35 acres and upward, at
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre: send for
descriptive map. McAFEE BROTHERS, 108
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
________________ "
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
63S Market st., San Francisco.
j SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; In
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil; plenty of
water; this property immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San !
Francisco; suitable for small home farms;
price below all former quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated in the foothills . west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath, etc.; fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco.
' $1400 — Choice Income property In Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
$2500 — ACRES, black loam; 5-room hard-fin-
ished house; barn and chicken house; 15
minutes' walk from postofflce; will trade for
house In Western Addition or Mission of San
Francisco. YOUNG & BINACHI, Petaluma.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in the State: plenty
feed: 1000 acres; on the coast; near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
— 40 ACRES, level, all fenced. Lake County;
nice house 7 rooms, barn, orchard In bear-
ing, spring water; near town: fine home;
given away, on account of death of owner.
C. F. MOQRE, 935 Market St., room 4.
$5 down, $5 monthly, no lnterest.no taxes, for fine
10-acre tracts of excellent fruit land near Auburn
Placer Co., $15, $20 and $25 per acre; over 750
acres sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery.
1 NICE ranch, good for summer boarders, at $25
■ per acre. Apply IS2O Bay St., Alameda.
| 60 ACRES, Contra Costa County; all in choice
fruit and bearing; will sell on very easy
terms; must be seen to be appreciated; will
•subdivide if required; age of trees 3 to 5
years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles
from S. P. de.Dot; 2 hours' ride from San
Francisco. Address G. S., Brentwood P. O.
COUNTRY property for sale— l6o acres; 110 in
orchard; 80 In full bearing: beat varieties;
prunes, pears, peaches, olives, apricots- Pla-
cer County, 3 miles from -Folsom: house
barn, outbuildings, etc. ; fruit-dryer and with
cellar; pumping plants; this property cost
$35,000; can be bought now for $12,000; owner
must sell: this year's crop estimated from
$2000 to $3000: part cash; would exchange J
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway/Oakland. '.;
WRITE for list; ifood land. $10 and $20 an aero.
M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. CaL
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, poatag*
f r««. •-■:■■■. ■ ■ - - "
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSE and large lot In Napa City, clear, for
; city property. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
FINE grain ranch for city property; house in
Alameda for small ranch: Lake County ranch
for city property; San Francisco improved for
business or ranch. Apply IS2O Bay st., Ala-
meda. ■ ". - :' - .
$1800 — LOT 25x125, with house of 6 rooms: brick
foundation; high basement; street graded and
sewered; In San Francisco; exchange for 1 to
3 acres of improved land with house of 5
or 6 rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
ain View. Address box 1764, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, ■: rented;
i.. repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth sC ,;---.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$450 WILL buy a 3-room cottage, with lot 60s
125, in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elmhurst
Station, on the line of the S. P. R. R. ; 45 |
minutes from S. F. ; electric cars close by; $25 j
down. 55 monthly: your rent money will buy
this home in a short time. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
IN North Oakland, just completed, two modern
5-room cottages, with large lots, south front-
age, and everything new and -first-class;
cheap for cash, or will make terms to suit
with the right parties. Call or address M.
L. WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway.
160-ACRE ranch: stock, tools: bay county;
$2100. E. E. BUNCE, SOS Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.
$75 LOT, worth $150. in the Alle- dale Settle-
ment. East Oakland; $5 cash. $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you; payment as rent; all rtreets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best: call or send for circu-
lar, 45"> Seventh st., cor. Broadway. -Jakland;
carrigc free. H. V.. JONES, Owner.
COMPLETE chicken rnnch In Fruitvale, now :
ready for the business. It is the best sec-
tion In the State for chicken raising; rent $3
per month, or will sell at a bargain and on j
[ terms to suit buyer. H. Z. JONES. Owner, I
455 Seventh st.. cor. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND^
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house is
Choice sunny S-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. mvi Broadway.
I ™" mmm ~ •^-^— —^ mmm 7"~ T TT^*— ~* — *~ ■■"■ »»— — — — »—
OAKLAND ROOMS.
PLEASANT rooms: one of the most desirable |
homes in Oakland; near narrow gauge sta-
tion. 1425 Franklin st.
FURNISHED rooms for rent In Abrahamson
bids. SE. cor.l3th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
1 BAY-WINDOW rutte: stab, dentist's office;
i also complete housekn? r: is. 806 Broadway.
! TRANSIENT rooms. 50c to $1 night: also by
the month. E2l Market. 14 block from station.
i OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
: FIFTEENTH. 615— Sunny furnished flat; three
hkpg ms; bath: central; grounds; $20: adults.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur-
nished; with or without board. NW. corner
10th aye. and 11th St., E. Oakland, nr. station.
SUNNY rooms; good home board: reasonable;
no children. 1020 Adeline st., Oakld, nr. train.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth St.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms. j
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management: entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan: the table is a special feature; meals
from 15c up; special rates by the week or !
month. W. H. BUEHLER & CO.. Proprle-
tors. lift. Washington st. Tel. Main 163. I
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap '
this week. SCHELLHAAS 1 old store, 40S ;
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
; SPECIAL NOTICE. "
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
' $1200, $1700, $1800. « "30. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on ■ market for non-payment
of Installments, and they -re now offered at a :
' great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain j
: 4. 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date; i
alrr -♦ new, and located near schools and sta- ■
i tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite '■
' Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Eay-Pt. station. Alameda, and 628 Market at., j
San Francisco. Open days and holidays. j
j $1600— FINE house. 6 rooms and bath; In fine i
I order; nice flower garden and chicken yard; i
i near second station, narrow gauge: $20 down,
balance $15 a month. Apply at 413 Dupont
St., after 4 p. m.
] $750— 50x?70: modern coty_B 5 rooms, near
' schoolhouse. ;.'; .' . -.;• .'.. '
i $l?00-Sacriflre: corner lot 35x140; good bouse of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
| JISOO— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
j bath: n<*s»r Chestnut station.
j *?Sso— $150 cash: $25 per month: lot 40x160: only
. 2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
J3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
: 42x1E0: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MORE AT. & CO.. UK Park nt ■
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
I FOR RENT— Furnished or unfurnished: 1 or 2
years; new house; 7 large sunny rooms: all ]
latest Improvements: large lawn: nice neigh- I
borhood; near Enclnal station. 1373 Weber st.
NICE 6-room cottage: line location; rent $17;
also neatly furnished office on Park St., $5.
J. H. YOUNG. 12-13 Park st. %
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j . „ .._..
ATTENTION! people who are looking to lo-
cate in the college, town — story-and- j
half cottage on the best NW. cor. south of !
U. C, and 1 block east of Telegraph aye.; j
house in perfect order; nearly new; hand '•
frescoed and electric fixtures throughout: one
of the choicest small houses in Berkeley.
Write or call on M. L. WURTS, 17 Broad-
way, Wurts block.
Also elegant lot north of the U. C. ; fine
view; "Scenic Tract"; make an offer. M. L.
WURTS. ■
I ONLY $300 down will buy a fine modern almost
new cottage of 7 rooms, bath, stable, etc:
balance monthly payments: only four, min-
utes' walk to station; see it. JAS. S. NAI- !
SMITH, 404 Ninth St., Oakland.
MUST be sold; 6 lots, each 25x125; sewered and
all ready for building: only $150 each: also a
comfortable 4-room cottage; lot 40x130; street
work done: close to cars; only $800; a snap.
O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center at., Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Near university, house of 8 rooms:
large lot: will be «old very reasonably If
pold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 2",8 Fourth, corner Folsom. ?..-.-
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H?~A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale. Station. 1 •
$800— acres In bearing fruit; all fenced;
fine location: excellent view; owner going
to Europe; will make a quick sale.
Reduced from $1S5O; modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; 8-foot basement, all
floored: stable, chicken houses; fine well and
force pump; lot 50x100; near station.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; fine
artesian well and force pump; lot 50x146.
$Coo— House of 4 rooms and basement: fruit
trees; lot 35x115; only 1 block from Fruitvale
aye. ; terms $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
$1650— New 1%-story cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; fine mantel, reception hall; rooms beau-
tifully tinted and frescoed; sanitary plumb-
ing; lot 50x125; street work and sewerage all
done. .
$1300— House of 5 rooms and bath; barn,
chicken house: fruit trees; lot 100x105; all
fenced; near station.
Choice corner: lot 100x125; fine location-
cost owner I '"'*: must be sold.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
GO to Fruitvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station; easy rental terms; 4
R and 6 rooms: also lots $100 up: _. Pratt
Frultvale. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The W,-«klv
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. • - ■■■■■ -■ ■:■■■■ •
', PROPOSALS.
TO BUILDERS— SeaIed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common
Schools in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation on WEDNESDAY. April 27. IS3S. at
3:30 o'clock p. m., for repairing the brick
chimneys, pediments, etc., in the Girls' High
School building on Scott and Geary streets,
in conformity with the specifications to be
Been at the office of T. J. Welsh, architect
of said board, room 95, Flood building. .
Each bid must be acoompanied by a certi-
fied check in the sum of two ■ hundred and
■ fifty (250) dollars, made payable to the order i
of the Secretary of the Board of Education,
conditioned that if the proposal • be accepted
and the contract awarded, and if the bidder
shall fail or neglect to ■ •— sute a written
agreement and give the bond required with-
in six . days after the award is made, then
and in that case the said check shall be for-
feited to the Board of Education. :
;. . The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids," as the public good may require. '
The party to whom this contract Is awarded j
will be required, prior to or at the time of ]
execution of the ; contract, .to pay the cost
. of advertising. .-. . .
CHARLES W. WELCH, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
. ~W. , W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market :sC
HOUSES TO LET.
ALABAMA, 1119, near Twenty-fourth— Lower ;
flat, 4 rooms and bath : $14.
ALL OVER TOWN ■" ■ • ,
Ycu see houses to rent by BALDWIN & j
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BUCHANAN, 2711— Charming residence; fine ]
marine view; garden; 9 rooms and bath.
Apply to A. J. K|CH, UJ Montgomery st.
CENTRAL aye.. Sl4, between McAllister st.
and Golden Gate aye. — House of 12 rooms; .
stables and chicken houses; rent $20; newly
renovated.
CLARA, 126— House, bath: large bam, 7-stall
stable; covered yard: together or separate. ]
ELEGANT 8-ro6m houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE «fc REMMEL. 62S Market st.
GOUGH, 406, ne_r Hayes— 6 sunny rooms; bath
and yard.
LAGUNA, 1715 — House of S rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest Improvements: $30.
NATOMA. 2.52, near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern: rent cheap.
724 Broderick St.. near McAllister.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, near Hampshire— 6
rooms; yard; rent $16.
7 H.M.. bath; new: or will sell: $200 cash; bal.
$18 mo. THE: MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
J2« 50—15 OAK st., near Market; S rooms and
hath.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms: piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises.
C 35 Guerrero st.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
$25— HOUSE in Berkeley, comfortably furnish-
ed; piano, bath and all improvements; very
handy to station. Address box 1760, Call.
$100 A MONTH, furnished, 10 rooms and bath.
810 Taylor st. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1310— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
COLLINS, 111, near Geary— sll; bay-window
cottage; nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
FAIR OAKS, 127— Sunny 4-room cottage; gas,
bath, wash trays, garden.
NO Cast! Han roses'. Cottage, 7 rooms; palms.
Southwest cor. Union and Larkin sts.
SUNNY cottage of 4 room; furnished complete
for housekeeping, for 5 .or 6 months; rent
cheap to desirable party. 3911 Twenty-third
St., near Sanchez; inquire on premises.
SUNNY cottages of 4 s.nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap : 1576 15th St., near Dolores.
FL.<».TS TO LET.
A— We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent,
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A RA.RELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. butter and
Scott: 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
CAPP, 920, near Twenty-fourth— 4 sunny
rooms and bath. ___
CHEAPEST flat in city: 11 Fulton St., near
Larkin; lower flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent
reduced from $25 to $22 50; open to-day for
inspection. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20; Capp st.. bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT, 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
FLAT, 7 nice rooms and bath; rent low, $20.
, 411 Oak st.
FOLSOM Three rooms and bath; rent
very cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
GEARY, — Top bay-window flat, 5 rooms
and bath, $15. ,
lIAIGHT, 792, corner Scott — A sunny modern
new flat, 7 rooms and bath.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
33 Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NEW flat of 7 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements. 3435 20th st., near Capp.
NICE Funny flat, 6 rooms and bath: stable for
2 horses; rent reasonable. . Cor. Twenty-fifth
and Bryant sts.
NINETEENTH, S9S4, corner Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
OAK, 331B— Modern sunny flat, 7 rooms; rent
reduced.
PAGE, 1614— order; 5 rooms, etc.; near
Park; sun all day.
PEARL, 27. off Market, near Valencia— Upper
flat of 3 sunny rooms In rear, $8. .
PINE, 1228, near Hyde— Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath: rant $IS. ! :
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free. '■
POST, Sunny upper ' flat of 6 rooms and
bath. ■
SCOTT, 1330, cor. O'Farrell — 5 rooms, wood
mantel, porcelain bath.
SEE at once that corner flat, Leavenworth and
Jackson sts.; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; newly
tinted and painted; also upper flat, 1219 Jack-
son st.; lowest rent in the city. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
STEVENSON, 733— Flat. ' 7 sunny rooms and
bath. Including 2 kitchens; rent $16.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, in good order; 1289 Fol-
som St.. near Ninth; rent cheap; also store
and 3 rooms, yard and celler; rent $12; 1287
Folsom st. -
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
5 LARGE sunny rooms, bath, basement and
yard, with all possible modern conveniences;
new; completed in few days. 743 Castro St.,
corner Liberty, near Twentieth.
$10— CHEAPEST rent In city; 6 sunny rooms
and bath. 837 Alabama st. _^
$12— NICE sunny flat for email family; bay
view; 3 rooms, bath, porch, basement, back
garden; water free; 111 Cherry st. Apply 112
Golden Gate aye. ___
$18 SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, enamel bath and
sink' all modem improvements: with room
for horse and wagon; $20. Apply 141 Chat-
.' tanooga Bt.. next door.
$20—2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 6 choice
rooms; porcelain bathe, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
$22 50— Modern R-room flat. 127 Ash aye., off Van
Ness, near McAllister.
$25— SUNNY modern flat, 7 rooms, bath. 825
Hayes at.
$25 AND $22—2 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms;
separate yards. Key 1.119 Broadway.
' » NISHKD FLATS. .. . ~
BUSH. 12051*— rent, furnished flat of 4
room s and bath. -
818 GROVE, bet. Webster and Fillmore—
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
! given and required.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms, bath, piano, tele-
phone, basement, yard: "elegant." 715 Taylor.
$55— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce St.. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without p-.mlt from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
DOLORES™ llOO^Large sunny unfurnished
rooms; low rent; cars pass the door.
EDDY, 604— Large sunny bay-window parlor
with kitchen; also single rooms. ■
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rocms; upper flat; $10. ■
FIFTH, 314 — 2 sunny front housekeeping rooms:
stove; closet; bath; private; $10: also front
bay-window room and kitchen; complete; $12.
FIFTH, 325—3 furnished housekeeping, $13;
double, $7 to $8; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath. $22.
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 60 a week.
FOLSOM, 646— Nice large front suite, complete,
for housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
FOLSOM, 853—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, unconnected; cheap. v
FOLSOM, 1133—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; nice yard. :
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month^; private family.
GEARY, 1812^—3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15. ■■:'■--■■■ '-
! GEARY, 111—2 nice front housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms. ■ ■ .■>:•■£•••<
GOLDEN i GATE aye., 622—3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
i HAIGHT, 220—3 or 4 furnished rooms for house-
, keeping. . , ' ;.. ; , ; : : . ■■•■'- .:■
: HAVES, — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms; cheap.'
HAVES, 433— housekeeping, 2 sunny rooms
and bath, $9. ■■:.'
HYDE, 129 — Sunny front suite, ■ suitable for
; , dressmaker; rent reasonable; or light hskpg.
1 LARKIN I—Newly1 — Newly furnished- housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room. ■ .-,: :
LEAVENWORTH, "„ 811, near Sutter— 4 sunny
rooms, furnished, yard, bath, $16. - ; ■ r
MINNA, 281, '.corner Fourth— Front furnished,
:. •"■ housekeeping, cheap; also double and single.
MINNA, 643—2 nicely furnished ; httju'-k^pLog
'•rooms.. — '■■■!/'
HOUSEKEEPIXG ROOMS— Continued
MARKET, 102S— Parlor, bedroom and kitchen.
furnished complete, $12; part rent taken in i
board.
MISSION. Sl7— Furnished rooms for housekeep- ;
ing or single rooms.
MISSION, S2l— slo; large sunny suite, complete
for housekeeping.
MISSION. ?23U— Completely furnished sunny j
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath; quiet.
NATOMA. 70L corner Eighth— 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $7.
NATOMA, ?17— Front room for housekeeping $4.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
room or single; lislu housekeeping, *.'.
O'FARRELL. 431— Sunny suite of rooms, fur- ;
nished for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 773 — 2 or 3 unfurnished housekpg
rooms; private family; bath; gas; ch»"rip.
PINE, 70CH— Fine large sunny bay window I
rooms; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
POINT LOBOS aye., ISI9. corner Eighth— Fur- i
nished or unfurnished rooms; very reasonable, j
POLK, Co7— Front sunny furnished rooms; j
large and small, housekeeping: $4 & upward, j
POLK, 1502—2 or 3 furnished housekeep- j
Ing rooms; upper flat. |
SEVENTH. 211—2 unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent $t^
SIXTEENTH, 2009, corner Mission— Furnished '■
front room with grate; use of kitchen and j
yard; rent $8.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 6U. near Pine— Floors of S unfur-
nlshfd, and suite 3 furnished: garden.
SUTTER, 2G2o— Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath, yard. „
TEHAMA, 740— Housekeeping room to let, suit-
able for a small family; also furnished rooms.
TENTH, 123. near Market— Nice, large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 136. corner Minna— Nice sunny house-
keeping rooms; grate and running water;
rent reasonable.
THIRD, 840 — Sunny room: complete for house-
kpng, $6 mo. ; front room for 2 gents. $6 mo.
THIRTEENTH~4O°>~near Valencia^ unfur-
nished roome, 'oath and yard, $10.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms.
UNION, 722— Furnished and unfurnished rooms
to let. ■
VALENCIA. 1175— Furni-hed sunnyfront rooms;
bay window; housekpg; convenient; bath.
VAN NESS, 1410 — Furnished parlor floor, com-
plete for housekeeping; bath, $25.
$7 MONTH— Bed, sitting room, kitchen, nicely
furnished. Box 1704. Call ni'fipp.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St. Trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-claii
in every rebpect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BIRCH AYE., 23— -Suite fumirhed rooms, $12;
unfurnished, $10; bath, grate; call forenoon.
BOHEMIA, 23D Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 621— Large sunny bay-window suite;
separate kitchen: bath; second floor; $18; bay-
window front room, $10; also large sunny
unfurnished room. $5.
CARLOS place, 4, off O'Farrell, above Powell-
Sunny furnished rooms, $4 and $5.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $S and $16 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1: week. $2 to $6: families.
EIGHTH, 111—3 furnished rooms to let; gen-
„ tlemen.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 £0 to $S week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nished rooms.
FRANKLIN, 1427, Oakland, Cal.— Sunny rooms
near narrow gauge; home cooking; private
family; references.
FULTON. 3, opp. City Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and p_a.
GEARY, 530 — Two sunny basement rooms un-
furnished, housekeeping or business. $3.
GEARY, 55f — Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $3 month up.
GEARY. 622— Large sunny bay-window room;
also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 733 — Private; bright suite and 1 single
room; newly furnished.
HANCOCK HOUSE. "SI Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784V 2 , nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; conveniences; $1 a week.
HAVES. 423— Nice sunny furnished room and
bath, $5; private family.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms:
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD. S2l— Lovely front room. $3 week;
also rooms from $1 up; reading room.
HYDE, 609; Sutter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
IVY aye., 126V4, near Van Ness— Nice furnished
room for gent!eman :
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate; auiet family; $14 a month.
LANGTON. 15%—8 neat sunny furnished rooms,
single: reasonable.
MASON, is (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, singlf by the week. $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: b.-iths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
McALLISTER. 835—1 sunny room; suitable for
1 or 2; rent $7.
MINNA, 269—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny yard.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 n. week.
MISSION, 1165— Large front room for light
housekeeping, $8 per month.
OAK, 231—1 unfurnished room.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Bunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 211, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 424—2 or 3 comfortably furnish-
ed sunny rooms to let; reasonable; private
family.
O'FARRELL, 770— Furnished rooms; single or
en suite.
POLK. 601— Sunny corner suite; fine location
for physician or dentist.
POLK 17— Front bay-window rooms, $8 and
$10; single. $1.
POST, 426— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class in every respect.
PROSPECT place, 123— Two double front rooms,
$6 and $S; single room $4; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. USA — Sunny furnished front rooms to
rent; over Jewelry store. _______
SIXTH, 136 — Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms; $1 per week up.
SIXTEENTH. 2003, corner Mission— Furnished
front room for one or two gentlemen.
STEVENSON. 253. between Third and Fourth-
Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors.
STEVENSON, 642, bet. 7th and Bth— Furnished
front room for 1 or 2; housekeeping if de-
sired; bath; central.
SUTTER, 407—2 single rooms, $5 each.
SUTTER, 715-717-719; Hy*e, 609--Furnished and
unfurnished: choice and sunny; reasonable.
SUTTER, 1111 — Clean, comfortable rooms; sin-
gle, suiteß, also housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 1 516— Large handsomely lurnlshed
sunny suite of parlors; rent reasonable.
TAYLOR, 407 — To ifet. two large, sunny front
rooms: furnished.
VAN NESS. 417— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, suitable for 1 or 2; private family.
WALLER, 731— iArge front bay-window room.
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room; closet;
bath; private, 314 Fifth st.
$4 A MONTH, sitting and bedroom: sunny;
nicely furnished; gentlemen. Box 1732, Call.
STORES TO LET.
TO Let— Store, 226 Ellis St.; rent $15.
NINTH, 500— Large corner store; good fixture*,
rooms and stable; cheap.
PART of store on or near Market st. Box
1768, Call office.
TO LET—The Silver State restaurant, with
fixtures, II and IS M*son st.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
EDDY. Wanted, young lady to room and
board; private family; reasonable.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house: new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton.
FOLSOM. 511— SwedlFh private" boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. *33 (The Mizpah)— A qin>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and ea
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO hotel, Oakland— Up to the times:
large sunny suites from $12: single rooms
from $6; board optional: handy to all trains.
GUERRERO, Lovely room for 2; private
family; piano; also single room.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish: $36 a month up.
HYDE,' 925— Nice sunny rooms; good board;
pretty grounds; select location. MRS.
BROTHERTON.
PINE. Sl3. near Powell— Sunny room, with
board; Spanish family.
SOUTH PARK, Good table joard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rates. Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
SUTTER, 112S— Sunny unite; single rooms: first,
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evana.
TURK, Furnished rooms, with board;
reasonable: week or month; chicken dinner
Sundays, 2."c.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms!
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.'
WANTED, by a German widow, a child tn *
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad- ,
dress bo.x 1728. Call Office. ___^
WANTED— Child to board. 842 Harrison st. •
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10. 1034
McAllister st.
WIDOW would like two children to board.
61 Clara Bt.
YOUNG mother wishes 1 or 2 children to mind.
Call or address 1109 Alabama st.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; 4
mother's care; references. 2344 Sixth St.;
WANTED— Children to board; terms reasona* j
■ Me: good home. 136 Sycamore. Ocean View. ■
MEDICAL. >
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles #
true friends of all Invalids, men and women ..
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- i
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dlsgraca. .
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, j
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home, .
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-;
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59-
McAllister St.; pills. $2. ' ■ ' " .;
<■ ■■
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed!
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- ■
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ■
fects' taken In time it also acts as a pre- -
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free, bf :
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER 8R05.,. 3!
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home in confinement: cure $5: pills $1; every
case guaranteed: consultation free and con-
fidential : hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 20S Turk Ft., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femala
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYFR. 226 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ladies, near
or far. consult free, only doctor who use*
Echenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
Flclan: safe. sure, reliable '-lire for all irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: best skill: low fees: pills. $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc . whatever the causa
may be; treatment by mall, or call at Pr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail: at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
SURE cure, when others fall: no medicine of
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never falls; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at
office, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; priea
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay at.: send
?c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
express, C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. ■
LADIES— Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
STORAGE.
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
1 Mission st.. at ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rate;— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances ' made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Sailed— La Bourgogne, New York.
LlVERPOOL— Arrived— Etruria, New York.
Sailed— Lucania, New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed— Noordland, New York.
BREMEN— Sailed— Patria, Hamburg: Cam-
pania Liverpool; Mohawk, London; Amster-
dam. ' Rotterdam. , Arrived— Louis. South-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
George Winslow and Mary C. T. Pratt. 40-65.
Hans P. Hansen and Emma Brostedt, 29-27.
Edward F. Glasson and Mary McManus. 22-2 L
Frank W. Paine and Eugenic Handy, 31-18.
Artami Glustl and Susie Delf rate, 24-11.
John M. C_varly and Agnea G. McNally. 25-*
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
CLEMO— In Forbestown. April 19, 1898. to tha
wife of Tom Clemo, a daughter.
CONNELLY— 23. 1898, to the wife of Pat-
rick Connelly, a son.
DONLEAVY-Aprll IS, 1898, to the wife of M.
F. Donleavy, a daughter.
GALVIN— In this city, April 21, 1898, to tha
wife of E. J. Galvin, a daughter.
LINDSAY— In this city, April 17, 1898, to the
wife of W. R. Lindsay, a son.
MARSHALL— this city, April 13. 1898, to tha
wife of J. H. Marshall, late of the Com-
mercial Hotel, Merced, a son.
SMITH— In this city. April 13. ,1898. to the wlfa
of James A. Smith, a daughter.
WALLACE— April 10. 1838. to the wife of
Charles Wallace, a daughter.
WRIGHT— In Chico, April 17, IS9B. to the wlfa
• of C. A. Wright, a son.
YOUNG— Near Modesto, April 18. 1898. to tha
- wife of Schroder Young, a son.
~~~ , MARRIED.
BAILEY— WATSON— this city. April 18, 1898,
by the Rev. C. E. Locke. D.D.. Frank Bailey
and Edith A. Watson, both of San Francisco.
BOGGS— HILL— In this city. April 11. 1898. by
the Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D.. Frank Bogg«
' and Jessie Hill, both of San Francisco.
COOMBES— GRANDE— In this city. April
16. 1898. by the Rev. C. E. Locke. D.D., Sam-
- uel A. Coombes and Llllie M. Le Grande,
both of Baden, Cal.
DUCK-RACKLIFFE— In this city. April 17,
IS9B. by the Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D.. Abrarn
W. Duck and and Martha M. Rackliffe. both
of Oakland. Cal. -
DYSON— BROWN— In this city. April 14. 1898.
by the Rev. C. E. Locke, D.. James Dyson
and Mary Brown, both of San Francisco.
CONTRERAS— In Modesto, April
1 18. 1898, by J. J. Townes. J. P.. Isador Holt-
" ze'r and Marie Contreras.
HOWE— In this city, April 19. 1898,
by the Rev C. E. . Locke, D.D.. William F.
<4 Howe and , Charlotta B. Cassie, both of Saa
. Francisco. ■'-.■
McGUIRE— In this city, . April 20, 1898,
by the Rev. Father M. D. Connolly, Thomas
* ; H. McGuire and Katherlne E. Ney.
— — TT" DIED.
. Abrahams, Louis Maloon. Mary A.
' Bauer. Christian Massat. Leontine
- Bensen. Ole . Miller, Henry
Blester, Louise . Mortensen, Jens R
Brennan. Mary . • Murphy. Bridget ■
• Cook. Jane Qulgley, Hugh
de la Cruz, ' Margaret ' Roux, Julia E.
Duncan, Mrs. E. F. Schlichtmann. H.
Dunn. Mrs. Eliza J. Smith, James C.
Eaten, — nale M, Stonton. K*thtri_>
1314
Frank, r>r. Moses Svilovich. Antonio
Froide. Charles Thime. Carrie O.
Gllley. *-the! M. Tipping, William
Hoge, Earl P. Tuggy, Mar ( ory R.
Holmberg. Frank Ty Hee
Johnston. Ebert Van 'elt. William
Ludovici. Frederick Welsh. Patrick
MacNeJll, Jackson
ABRAHAMS— In this city, April 21. 1898. Louis
Abrahams, beloved father of Mrs. D. Eisner
of Chlco. Mrs. J. L. Graf. Mrs. J. A. Herz-
berg and Mrs. Charles Cooper of New lorlc.
and Abe, Mose, Joe, Harry. Blanche and
Rose Abrahams, a native of Kalish, Poland,
aged 64 years 2 months and 9 days.
[CTFriends are respectfully i. vited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday) at .
o'clock .from his late reside.cc, MS Mc-
Allister street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 3:30 train from Third and
Townsend streets. i
I. O. O. Magnolia Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. F.:
The funeral detail will meet to-morrow (.Mon-
day), at I o'clock, in our- ■room to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. L.
Abrahams. SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
BAUER— In East Oakland. April 22. IS9S,
Christian Bauer, father of Flora E.. Louise
R. and George C. Bauer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years a months and 19 flays.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite 1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from /.1011 Lutheran
Church, corner Twelfth and Myrtle streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
BENSEN— In this city. April 22. 898. Ole. be-
loved husband of Odine Bensen, and father
of Bertha, Gunhild and Olaf Btnsen. a na-
tive of Norway, aged 3S years S months and
16 days.
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 40 Lundy Lane, thence to Our Savior
Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran Church,
Howard street, between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth, where funeral sen-Ices will be held,
commencing at 3:30 o'clock. Interment I. O.
0. F. Cemetery-
BIESTER— this city, April 22, 1898, Louise,
dearly beloved wife of William Blester,
mother of Elsie and Fred W. Blester, and
Bister of Mrs. A. Rupinsky, and Emll Wteger,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 36 years
7 months and 13 days.
EJ-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1122 Leavenworth street, corner of
Sacramento. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BRENNAN— In this city, April 23, 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Michael Brennan,
mother of Stephen, Michael and Alice Bren-
nan, daughter of Stephen Peters, and sister
of John Peters, Mrs. J. W. Ryan and Mrs.
H. McMenamin, a native of the parish of
Thurles. County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 33
years 9 months and 2.", days.
E3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs J. W. Ryan. .1623 Nine-
teenth street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Nineteenth
and Guerrero streets.
COOK— In this city. April 23. 1898, Jane Cook,
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Ambrose, and
srandmother of Florence, Arthur E." Harriet
. and Isabel Ambrose, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 84 years.
DE LA CRT'?:- In this City, April 22. ISPS. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Mariano de la Cruz,
mother of John and Julius i.ocht. daughter
of Elizabeth and the late Andrew Gugpls-
berger, and sister of Jacob. William. Charles,
Annie and Minnie Gugelsberger and Mrs.
Lizzie Wlnkler, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years.
(TTFrlpnils and acniial"tanr»<> are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, troni her late resi-
dence, 5 Reed place, off Green street, be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUNCAN— Modesto, April 17. 1898, Mrs.
Elizabeth F. Duncan, a native of Missouri,
nee' Cl years 1 month and IS days.
DUNN— In this city, April 23. IS9B, Mrs. Eliza
Jane, beloved wife Of the late Daniel Dunn, :
a native of Albany, N. V.. aged 74 years and
5 months
[^Friends and acquaintances are respec»- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from ihe residence :
of her friend. Mrs. Fuller. 2730' i Mission j
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EATON— In this city. April 22. 1898. Annie
Mary, daughter of William R. and Annie
Eaton, a native of San Francisco, aired 10
months.
CTThe. funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi- ;
dence of the parents, 110 De Long avenue.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
FRANK— this city, April 21, 1898, Dr.
Moses Frank, a native of Germany, aged 63 |
years. .- j
FTFrip-.flo P n^ ncqi-ia'ntancpa arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment New
Palem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train.
FROIDE— In this city, April 22. 1898. Charles,
beloved husband of Augusta Froide, and
father of Aber Froide, a native of Sweden,
aged 31 years 4 months and C days.
(TFriTKls ami acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 train
from Third and Townsend streets.
National brotherhood of electri-
cal Workers — Officers and members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of Brother
Charles Frolde this day (Sunday), at 10:15
o'clock, from the Darlors of Halsted & Co.,
946 Mission street.
WILLIAM BAItSTOWE. Pres.
A. WHITFIELD. Sec.
' GILLEY— In this city, April 23, 1898. at the
residence of her parents. SCO Church street,
Ethel Marguerite, only daughter of Frank A.
and Mary Gilley, aged 12 years 7 months and
9 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Monday), at 3 o'clock, from Trinity Pres-
byterian Church, corner Twenty-third and
Capp street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by elf Ctrl c funeral car.
HOGE— In Ceres, April 18, 1898, Earl Peter
Hoge, a native of West Virginia, aired .64
years 8 months and IS days.
HOLMBERG— In this city, April 22. 1898,
Frank, beloved son of the late George and
Catherine Holmberg, a natl-e of San Fran-
clbco.
(CT Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Interment pri-
vate
JOHNSTON— In Chllcont Pass. Alaska, April |
8. 1898. Ebert. beloved husband of Cath- |
erine Johnston, and brother of Arthur John- I
Eton, a native of Minnesota, aged 3"i years.
A member of Harmony ..-clpe No. 9. A. O.
V. W., and Arapahoe Tribe No. 76. Imp. O.
R. M.
(L? 1 Frier and acquaintances and members
of th" Rbove-nwmed l^dgts are respect-
fully Invited to at.^nd the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Red Men's
Hall. 320 Post street. Interment I. O. O. F. i
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the I
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis- ■
sion street, near Twenty-first. i
A. O. U. W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. XT I
W. : Brethren will assemble at Rod Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, at 2 o'clock, this day :
(Sunday), to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, Ebert R. Johnston.
W. V. FRANCIS. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
I.UDOVICI— In this city. April 21. IS9S. Fred-
erick Woldemar. beloved son of the late Louis '■
Ludovici, a native of Trier. Germany, aged
57 years. (New York Herald. London Times
and Cologne Gazette please copy.)
(I^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., lIS Geary i
street. Interment private.
•HacNEILL— In this city. April 22. 1898, Jack- '
son, beloved husband of Sarah B. MacNeill
and father of Mrs. F. H. Shanks and Rlc.
Emily, Lewis and the late Charles D. Mac-
Nell!, a native of Boston, aged 02 years
(New York, Chicago and St. Louis papers
please copy
(L^ Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from .-:. John a
Church. Fifteenth street and Julian avenue. !
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec- i
eric car. Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MALOON— In Oakland, April 22, 1898 Mary ■
Alice, wife of the late lie:, amin Maloon. '
and mother of B. F.. 8. 8., Henry. George E I
and Charles H. Maloon and ■ Mrs. Ida A
Clark, a native of Boston, aged 75 years 10
months and 14 days.
MASSAT— In the City and County Hospital :
April 23, IS^S, L^ontine Massat. a native of
France, ascd 56 years.
MILLER— In this city. April 23. 189 S. Henry '
Miller, a native of Germany, aged <S years
MORTENSEN— this city, April 20. IS*. Jens
P. Mortemien, brother of Peder Murtensen
Mrs. Christiana Wulff and Mrs. Christine
Kellrup. a native of Denmark, cged 73 years
6 months and 5 days.
ETFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(.Sunday), at 2 o'clock, trom his late resi-
dence, WXJ Third htreet. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, April 23. IS9S. Bridget,
beloved wile of the late James Murphy, and
aunt of James Quigley and Mrs. Julia Levy,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, -ii Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing «t 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUIGLEY— In this city, April 22, 1893, Hugh
Quigley, beloved brother of Edward Quis-
ley. a native of the parish of Roslca, County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 60 years.
|7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 'j:2u o'clock, from i.ie par lorn
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment. Holy Cress Cemetery.
ROUX— In this city, April 21. 1298, at uer resi-
dence, 1003 Montgomery avenue, Julia E.,
beloved wife of Frank Roux, mother of
Florence H. Roux. daughter of Rich-
ard and the late Mary Gantner, sister of
Mamie, Josle and Charles. Gantner and Mrs.
P. Stange, and daughter-ln-.aw of Mrs. li.
Cost, and Sister-in-law of Mrs. O. A. Lutzen
and Mrs. J. Seward, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years 11 months and 12 days.
Cs"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at ii o'clock, irom her late. resi-
dence. 1003 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BCHXJCHTMANN— this city, April 22, ISSS.
Henrietta, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
and Albertlna Schlichtmann. and sister of
Eda Schlichtmann, a native of San }• ran-
cisco a>;ed 1 year 2 months and IS days.
TTFrierdt and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
cSunoay) at J o'clock, trom her parents
residence L' 347 Twentieth street, corner of
■well. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
SMITH— In Danville. Contra Costa County,
\i ril 23 ISPS. James C. beloved son of Law-
rence and Hannah Smith, a native of ban
Mateo County, aged S(i years 2 months and 4
STANTON-In Vallejo. April 22, ISP". Kath-
beloved wife of John P. Stanton. and
daughter Of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Cunningham,
a native of Vallejo, <'al.
SVILOVICH— In this city, April :2. IS9S. An-
tonlo. relict of the late Hannah Svilovich, a
native of Austria, aged 63 years.
C rFriendf. and Bcqnmntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1-- lock, from the parlura
of Gantner >v- Guntss Undertaking Company,
S and 10 City Hall square, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, neur Twen-
ty-fourth, for services, commencing at 1
o f clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
THIME— In this city. April 23. 1898, Carrie Ora,
beloved daughter of Joseph and Carrie Thime.
and Bister of Hilda and Joseph Thime, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 months and II
TIPPING— In Eastland. Cal., April 23, 1898,
William beloved husband of Rosa D. Tip-
ping (nee Jewel), a native of England, aged
TUGGY— In Alameda, April 23. 1898, Marjory
Ramona. beloved daughter of Hannah and
Henry Tugsy. a native of Alameda. Cal.,
at'cd 2 years 3 months and 20 days.
Z "'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence. 881 Oak street, Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
TV HEE- In the City and County Hospital.
April 3J, ISOS, Ty Hee, a native of China, aged
24 years.
VAX PELT— In this city, April 23, 1893. Wil-
liam W. beloved son of W. B. and Georgia
H Van Pelt, and brother of Neamata Ver-
mont and Issella H. Van Pelt, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years 7 months and 11
days.
WEL^H— In the City and County Hospital.
April ?.°i. IS9S. Patrick Welsh, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUKEHAL DIRECTORS it EMBALMER3
20 fIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sohool.
Telephone,SmithBl
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAL.MEKS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St.. San
Francisco. Telephone So. 158.
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. cSpaciuus chapel for ih« usi
cf our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
BEAK ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adolph and Clara Mack to Collls P. Hunting
ton lot on W line of Ruchanan stre«t. 33:6 S
of Clay. S 32:2< 4 by \V K>7:6: $1.
Margaret Morgan to Rose E. Morgan. lot on
NY. corner of Buchanan street and Hickory
avenue, also 120 S of Fell street, X 25 by W 55,
quitclaim deed; $.".
John .".n«1 liridget Golden to John Bnigge, lot
on E line of H'.rike !>treet, 225:4 N of Point
Lob 16 avenue, N 25 by E 116:11U; $10.
James and HonOra Hojjan (by Wallace A.
Wise, trustee) to Lucius L. Solomons, 1712 d
366, lot on N"\V corner of Washington and
Cherry streets, N 60:4, \V 71:6. S 60:10, E
79 : 2 ; .
Margaret Smith (by B. P. Oliver, commls
sloner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
loi on E line of Mission street, 125 S of Nine
teenth, S 31:5 by 122 :C; $6473.
Builders' Contracts.
Anton C. Johnson (owner) with Charles Lun
berg (contractor), architect T. Patterson Ross, '
brick and carpenter work, plumbing, painting
and plastering for a 1-story and basement cot
tage on N line of Lombard street, 260:10^ W of
Gough, 25 by 137:6; 11300. ,
Mahony Bros, (contractors) with Judson i
Manufacturing Company (sub-contractors), j
architect F. S. Van Trees, cast Iron work for i
additional story on Murphy, Grant & Co.'s
building on NE corner of Bush and Sansome
streets, 137:6 by 137:6; {3233.
Maude L. Bertschmann and Blanche B. Mor- ■
ton by attorney (owners) with W. L. Holman j
(contractor), architect Oscar Haupt, removing i
old elevator and replacing same by direct act- j
Ing electric passenger elevator In building at i
62$ Sutler street; $1525.
Same with F. A. Jennings (contractor), archi- j
tect same. Interior and outside painting, var
nishing, papering, plastering, carpenter work,
etc., for same, same; SI7OS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E M Pa.sher, X V A Frier. N V
R Hichmott, Oakland Mrs Ropers, Spittle
L H Raymond, N V Mrs Cobb & d. S .lese
A L Reale, lacison H W Helsa N V
M E Harris, Oakkril F Kraft. Chicago
J Sanborn, Oakland W Lamrock. Upyote
E if Stone. Oakli.ii J Johnson & w', Idaho
F XX>Ca, Fresno G Gray, Chicago
A R Wilber. N V S Sanaholt. Centerville
S J Sachs, N V .1 B \\ hite L Ang
T Graf. N V W D Davis Goat Isl
C Ramson, Cal J L Cross, Boston
W I ■ Smith, Cal F C Black. S Jose
E Kaufmann, At Louis JP Thompson, USS Cor-
S Glnsburg, St Lo'j'.s I win
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Bchierberg, St Ix>uis:G Corbett& w. Boston
(i Peterson, Sacto F Moses, Boston
1" W l>eihl. Cal U L Davis. Boston
H Wlbur, Uklah Miss Hopwood, Boston
J Mi Gulrk, Tenii Miss McDougaJ, Boston
C M Benson. Cal J Lorelle, Madera
M Olsen, Suisun J Krouse & w, StKn
C Blackwell, Sonora M Young, Boston
B J Schultz, Phoenix Mrs Skelton, Sacto
F Lamb, Reno F Cawley, Stockton
A Magee, Kansas City
GRAND HOTEL.
n Sprague, Cal C P Bailey, 8 Jose
Mr? Sprague, Cal jE Reaves, Stanford
J Hooker, Stockton . Miss McCormlck. Cal
J I>evendorf, S Jose T Gabula, Salinas
H Emory, Chicago L Spltzer, S Jose
\v Green, Colusa M Besse, S Cruz
A B Frenzel, N V I F Mattlson, R Cruz
Mrs Penman. NY H H Prlngle, S Cruz
Mrs W I nans, Petalum L V Young, S Cruz
Mrs Hrainerd, Peta C «'uss:n, S Cruz
Mrs M Parsons, NY J c Clark, S Cruz
<; T Connor, Ventura Mrs H Hampson, L A
J Thompson, Sacto ,11 Jackson, Humboldt
H Edward*, S Jose T Williams. Cal
VV Mitchell, Stanford J E Carter, Plymouth
c Giddings, Cal iR W Casey, Chicago
c T Hell, Stockton JF L Coombs, Napa
W hauler, s Rafael C Hayward, Redwood
\v Blasingame, Cal I> Stanford, Redwood
R Hopkins, Seattle |E S Butte, Redwood
Mrs Wennell, Cal IJ James. Palo Alto
F tSabllch, Los Ang IG Radcllff, Watsonvle
W Vanil, Los Ang ,E J Harris. Salinas
Mrs BarstOW, Xapa I A B Howland, Pa
M C Longley, Ky S Line. Vlsalla
J H .Ulster. S Barbara J Gray, S Clara
J Well, Sanger IG Athsmund, S Jo«e
H Flint, Sanger W Alnsley, Bacto
B (onion, Mont |JV Douglass, Sacto
W liarker, Or J N Welch. Pa
II McWoble, Stocktn fW Crabb, Oakvllle
C Woatherwax, Cal IG Gutman, Tulare
.1 B Wright. Seattle G Thomas, Ventura
S Austin, Cal H Little. Fort Bragg
D Buchanan, Mont 'G Well. Petaluma
S Ooldwater. Seattle lL R Bean, S Jose
C Gllmore, Chicago |B Edwards, Cal
A Arnold. S Rosa ;.T L Putman. L A
W s Davis. S Rosa Mrs J Naunia. N Mcx
Mrs Poffenberger, Cal G G Leslie, Cal
Miss Gibson, Cal ,E Loomls, Cal
Mlna I'offenberKer.Cal J Bunkor. Uklah
G W Gibson, Cal R Veal, Martinez
PALACE HOTEL.
C H Colburn, Nev |L Keating, Chgo
W A Otto, Chicago |H II Pitcher. Llvermre
E S Babcock, Cal ,J W Minturn, Mlnturn
A 1> Levy, NTN T V Mrs G chambers, Cal
J Shepard. Chicago W B Harvey. S Diego
15 F Schurmier, St P F Robblns. S Diego
VV '; piayfair, Vancvr G c Bobbins. S Diego
W H Windsor, Eng F II Harris O. w, Cal
A 1: Windsor, Ens W B Bladcwell, N V
.1 B Kennedy, Edenbrg Miss Blackwell, N V
i. Rogers, Salinas Mrs H G Huhbani, Con
.Mr- fjrr, Scotland Miss Copeland, Conn
Miss 1 'rr. Scotland M'ss Russell & m, Con
Mis Rlpsay, India S Kussell Jr. Conn
.1 W I>^e. O c Hntchtns, Boston
Mrs 3 W Lee, O F A Schneider, Stanfd
Miss GD Lee, O I) F Warnock. Chgo
Mr= T-: P Buckinham, F Price. ch>?o
Vacaville .1 W Perkins. Ind
, G 11 McAneny, Cal 3 T Boag, Chgo
; v \j Bteadman. vt E s Kinney Wash
Miss F M Fisher. Vt Q Hyn-.cn, N V
i C Ccbb, Denver E F Claypool « w, Ind
.1 J li. .ley. N V jMrs J F Rust. O
C Ivlwards, Stanford Mies Rust O
P II Johnson. Cal 1.1 F Rust Jr O
Mrs c M Johnson. Cal ill Polio);. N V
N '!' Smith. San Carlos \Y s Campbell. Pa
H Stephens & w, Mich Mrs F Pins?re<- Mich
Mlas Colburn, Mich Ij A Culbertfon. Chgo
Miss Whiting. Mich N C Lloyd & w. Chgo
P S Johnson & w, Co] .1 Wootten Stanford
KS de Golyer, L Ang a C Soper Jr, Stanford
: Mrs S M White. Eagle Miss M Adams. Stanfd
i W R Walker, Chgo G Kreihn, Stanford
Mrs G Fisher. Chgo H B Lathrop. Stanford
I Mi.-s C Fisher, Chgo o F Cooper Belmont
■ R G Brown, Bodie W Jarchow, Pa
111 Tapke, Cincinnati II Pomeroy, Stanford
: E L Corbin, Stanford C C Perkins. Stanford
A B West. Stafford J M Leszynsky N V
I> W Dickerson, Mich iR D Robbins Suisun
X W Knapp, N V IG T Schurmier. St P
H V Cooke. St Louis jilrs L Bartlett. Vt
H F Barrett. N Y^
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVKD
Saturday. April 23.
Pehr Glen, Jorgensen, 6 days irom Colum
bia River.
Sehr Queen, Edward3on, 9 days from Port
Lvllow.
Bchr Repent. Olsen, 25 days from Honolulu.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 3 days from Fort
Bragg-
SPOKEN.
April 21— Lat 31 12 N, long 124 W, Bx sealing
schr Ainoka, with 420 seal Ekins.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
HARD LUCK OF
A THIRD MITE
Brought News From the
Shipwrecked Whalers
in the Arctic.
Had to Endure Hardships and
Surmount Many Dan
gers to Do So.
And Now the Owners of His Vessel
Refuse to Pay Back th^ Moneys
Ho Expended.
Mate George F. Tilton, who traveled
nearly 4000 miles through ice and snow,
braving all the dangers of an arctic
winter In order to bring news from the
whalers imprisoned off Point Barrow,
has been refused assistance by the
owners of his vessel.
When the brave whaleman left Point
Barrow he carried the following letter
with him:
POINT BARROW, October 12, 1897.
To Whom it May Concern: The bearer,
George F. Tilton, is on his way to Sltka to get
relief for the shipwrecked crews of the whale
ships at Point Barrow. Will you all kindly
help him along on his way?
W. P. S. PORTER,
Master Steam Whaler Jessie H. Freeman.
A. C. SHERMAN.
Master Steam Whaler Orca.
M. V. B. MILLARD,
Master Steam Whaler Belvedere.
In order to get here Tilton spent
nearly $500 of his own money and now
he is compelled to borrow from his
friends in order to pay his board bills.
Tickey and Kunana, the two Indians
who accompanied the daring imvigator
from Point Hope, have been cared for
by Llebes & Co., from whose station
they were taken, and they will be sent
home on the schooner Bonanza. The
firm will take the chances about get
ting paid for its trouble by the Gov
ernment.
Tilton was third mate of the steam
whaler Belvedere, and when he arrived
here he went to her owners, Lewis, An
derson & Co., for money. They re
fused point blank to give him a cent
and referred him to the Government
authorities. The Collector of the Port
and others to whom he applied told
him to pet his money from his owners
and then for Lewis, Anderson & Co. to
put in a claim against the Government.
In this way the matter was tied up all
around. Finally the firm advanced Til
ton $50 on his I. O. U., but since that
their purse strings have been pulled
fast although the unfortunate whale
man is still on the Belvedere's crew list
as third mate and the fact that he was
sent out on the perilous trip by his cap
tain is not denied.
Fifth Mate Charles Walker of the
Orca was sent out in precisely the
same manner as Tilton, and the man
ner in which he was treated by the
Steam Whaling Company speaks for
itself. As soon as the company heard
that he had reached a railroad station
Edwin L. Griffith, manager of the con
cern, arranged with the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad Company to provide him
with transportation and $100 cash for
incidental expenses. The two Indians
who came with Tilton have also been
well supplied with clothing and pres
ents to take home with them, but by
Mr. Griffith, not Lewis, Anderson &
Co.
Tilton Is determined to get back at
least the money he has expended,' but,
as the matter now stands, after risk
ing his life again and again and eroing
through perils and surmounting dan- ;
gers that would have killed a less reso
lute man in order to bring- out news
from the frozen whalers, it looks as
though he would have to go into court
to gret it.
Louis Abrahams, one of the best
known clothiers on the water front, ■
died at the Lane Hospital last Friday. '
The deceased had been In poor health
for over a year, and about six months l
ago he went under an operation. It was
only partially successful, and a few j
weeks ago he had to submit to another
one. He never rallied from the effects ;
of the shock to his system. Louis
Abrahams came to California In the
fifties, and about 1860 opened a tailor- j
shop on East street. In 1863 he moved I
to Clay street, near East, and his store i
Is still there. He was 64 years of age,
a native of Poland, and leaves ten chll- j
dren, all grown up.
The American ship Reaper arrived
from Philadelphia yesterday In the
smart time of 132 days. The barkentlne
City of Papeete took thirty-nine days
to come from Tahiti and the s hooner
Robert Searles twenty-four days to j
come from Honolulu. All three vessels
had uneventful voyages.
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS.
Dr. E. B. Mosley, U. S. A.. Is a guest
at the Occidental.
Fred Dodd, a large fruit man of Fresno,
is a guest at the Baldwin.
E. S. Kinney, a wealthy business man
of Spokane, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. L. G. Npsmith of San Jose
are staying at the California.
E. D. and F. L. Moores of New York
are registered at the Occidental.
Mark R. Plaisted, a Riverside newspa
per man, Is staying at the California.
Rev. R. A. Rosanquet is registered at
the Occidental from British Columbia.
F. Salichi, a well-known capitalist of
L.cs Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
F. and J. C Robbins and W. B. Harvey
of San Diego are all registered at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Wood have come
up from their home in Stanford, and are
at the California.
L. A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara, is at the Grand, as is also Milton
Bresse, Sheriff, of Santa Cruz.
J. Weil and H. K. Funk, two prominent
business men of Sanger', are at the Grand
on a short business trip to the city.
E. F. Claypool, a wealthy resident of
Indianapolis, is at the Palace with his
wife. They are out to the coast on pleas
ure bent.
"I see that the
Spaniards are
talking of fitting
out privateers,"
said the weather
beaten one, with
the tumbler of
rum punch before
AN
EXCITING
OCEAN RACE
him, as the Ancient Mariner Club as
sc-mbled yesterday at their old place.
"Well, they may fit out and be d to
thrm. The first thing that will happen
will be one of their vessels, half man-o'
war and half merchantman, will run up
ngainst some old hooker filled with old
shell backs from Maine or Massachusetts,
and it's a toss whether the privateer gets
the hooker or the hooker gets the priva
teer.
"You remember old Captain Samuelß of
the Dreadnought? Well, it's an old yarn,
of course, but's a good one of how he met
or rather didn't meet the Alabama. The
Dreadnought was ploughing along one
fine morning, not thinking of anything in
particular, when away down on the hori
zon comes the smoke of a steamer. Sam
uels saw It, but paid no particular atten
tion to it until one of his officers sug
gested that it might be a Confederate pri-
vateer and the whole ship's company
would be captured. 'It may be a priva
teer, as you say,' answered Samuels, 'but
before she captures this ship's company
she will have to capture the port to which
we are bound, for the old Dreadnought is
going to get there first!"
"Sure enough, the vessel proved to be
the Alabama, and as soon as she got
within signaling; distance she ordered
Samuels to heave to. Just about that time
a rattling breeze sprang up, and the an
swer she received was conveyed by every
stitch of canvas on the Dreadnought
which was spread at once, while old Sam
uels, taking the wheel himself, put his
vessel full and by and let her go for all
she was worth. The chase that ensued
was a dandy. It was steam and sail
against an old-time Yankee clipper, com
manded by an okl-tlme sail-carrying Yan
kee captain and manned by an old-time
crew. Every stitch that the sticks could
stand was stretched to the breeze, and
there it was left until it blew out of the
bolt ropes, when the watch would spring
aloft and bend another sail. The Ala
bama kept firing at intervals, but the sea
whs so rough that all the shots went
wild, only one or two of the closest pass
ing through the Dreadnought's upper
sails. It was a fair race with no favor,
and it was kept up all day. When the
evening closed in the Alabama was hull
down, and when the morning sun arose
and shone on the stars and stripes it was
the only flag that cou)<i be seen in the
whole expanse of ocean."
HIGH JINKS FOR NATIVES.
Delegates to the Grand Parlor Enter
tained by Stanford No. 76.
The ante-Grand Parlor high jinks, given
last night by Stanford Parlor No. 76.
Native Sons of the Golden West, who are
on their way to Nevada City, where the
grand body will meet next Monday, and
to members of local parlors, was the
most successful of these functions that
Stanford gives yearly.
The banquet hall where the Jinks was
held was decorated with a profusion of
American flags, and here and there was
observed a Bear flag. The audience,
numbering nearly 800, was patriotic in
the extreme, as was evinced when, in
response to the invitation of Henry S.
Martin, the chairman of the evening,
}r,s} l 2 open lne J' nks all should sing
Ihe Star Spangled Banner."
Lnder the direction of the following
named committee of arangements, H. S.
Martin, J. J. McCarthy, E. L. Head. Ed
J. Casey, W. A. Deane and G. D. Phillips
there was rendered a choice programme
of music, song and story, rendered by J.
Cathcart, W. Nielson, W. J. O'Brien, W.
AY. Finney, Messrs. Queen and Patton,
Richard I. Whalen. the Golden Gate
Quartet, Messrs. Williams and Walker.
Charles Bates. Rhys Thomas. J. J. Raf
faol, Bob Mitchell, "Julius Kahn and Wil
liam Holdridge.
Julius Kahn spoke of Abraham Lincoln
and aroused the audience to a high pitch
of patriotic enthusiasm. During the even
ing, between numbers, the audience sang
a number of soul-stirring patriotic songs.
The parlor furnished pipes and tobacco
and refreshments.
The delegates from Santa Lucia Parlor
at Salinas will make an effort to secure
the next Grand Parlor session for that
city, and to that end have had printed
for distribution to the delegates a hand
some souvenir descriptive of Salinas and
vicinity, illustrated with ha!f-tone pic
tures, including a view of what the peo
ple of that city nre justly proud of. the
greatest beot sugar factory in the world
now being built by Claus Spreckels.
NO CONSOLIDATION.
California League Magnates Reject
the Proposition of the Pacific
States People.
Th« board of directors of the California
League held a meeting last night to con
sider a proposition from the Pacific States
League directors looking to the consolida
tion of the two leagues. Briefly, the plan
suggested includfd the closing of Recre
ation Park and playing all local games at
Central Park. President Bert and his
associates were willing to concede to the
California people the control of the play
ers, and make-ap of the teams. In other
words, all the teams of the California
League, except Sacramento, would remain
intact.
After listening to the plan the Califor
nia magnates unanimously refused to
enter into negotiations. They held that
whilp with two leagues neither would
mako much money, they were entirely
satisfied with their patronage so far. As
for playing at Central Park, the propo
sition would not be listened to a minute,
for at Recreation Park there is ample
room for the fielders, while the other
grounds are much too small to admit of
anything like clean playing. After some
talk It was decided that the California
League will continue Its Independent
course.
SHARKEY HAS RECOVERED.
The Strain Is Not as Serious as Was
First Thought.
The accident which befell Tom Sharkey
on Saturday, April 18, seems not to be of
such a serious nature as was at first
imagined. Sharkey in lifting a bale of
hay broke a small blood vessel. Soon
after the accident he began work, which
aggravated the lesion and forced the
strong man to lay off.
For the last two days Sharkey has gone
through with his regular training in sys
tematic manner. Yesterday he ran eight
miles, worked with the bap and went at
his sparring partners in old fashion. On
Monday the aspiring pugilist whose new
mark is Jeffries will leave \ allejo for
this city. He will go at once upon his
arrival here to the Seal Rocks Kouso.
where he will be installed until he meets
the Los Angeles hercules In the ring on
May C.
Dr. Turner has examined Sharkey and
he pronounces him sound from toe to
crown.
TO REGISTER VOTERS.
Preparations for the Special Charter
Election on May 26.
Registration for the special charter elec
tion, to be held on May 26, will commence
Tuesday, April 26, at the office of the Reg
istrar, and will continue until May 10.
Those who are entitled to register are:
All those not registered at the last elec
tion, but who were entitled to do so; all
persons who have moved since their last
registration; all citizens not registered
and all naturalized citizens who were nat
uralized prior to February 2C, IS!W. All
those who were registered at the last
general or special election and who still
reside within their special election pre
cincts will be allowed to vote without ad
ditional registration.
A Heavy Foreclosure Suit.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Soci
ety commenced suit yesterday against
W. F. McNutt and Jacob A. Johnson to
foreclose a $35,000 mortgage on a piece of
property on California street, near
Franklin.
ADVEBTISEMiSNTS.
THE KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND TRADING COMPANI
WILL DISPATCH THE FAST BAILING BARK
J. A. FALKENBURG on May 10, 1898, direct to
KOTZEBUE SOUND.
FARE— lncluding Meals while on passage and Ten Days after arrival — $200
The company will furnish a large and commodious house, to be erected as soon as
landed, for the accommodation of passengers and their freight, until they can establish
themselves. A small steamer will be taken to tow boats up the rivers. Also a number of
! light draft boats will be taken for prospecting.
Mr. J. A. Kalston. who has beon In this section for over two years and is thoroughly
conversant with the country, natives and their language, will have charge of the expedition.
This vessel will remain at Kotzebue 60 days, so that anyone wishing to return can do
so. Accommodations for l<so passengers.
3000 n>s freight or baggnge allowed each person. A deposit of $50 will be required of each
person on engaging passsige and booking for same. Guarantee ship will 6ail on the above
date. Passongf-i-s, with their freight or baggage, will be taken up the river to Gold Fields
in ship's Boat free of charge
Gold Fields only FOUR DAYS' BOATING from ship's landing; only ONE DAY'S
Absolutely no obstacles to Immediate working of mines.
Accommodations are being rapidly taken. Tliose desiring to insure passage should apply
without delay.
Address all communications to A. H. HERRIMAN, 201 Front St., General Manager, San
Francisco, Cal.
LYNDE & HOUGH COMP--NY, 40 California St., General Agents and Ticket Office, San
Francisco.
MELBA'S LUCIA.
The largest crowd In the history of the
California Theater crushed and* stilled to
hear Melba last night. The opera was
Donizetti's lugubrious "urn-pa" master
piece, "Lucia"; but that did not matter.
As at the two previous performances, the
attraction was Melba and only Melba,
The short Melba season will not be
memorable for the operas it has given
us. "The Barber" and "Traviata" are
familiar enough, but the Intimacy of
"Lucia" long since has been voted posi
tively indecent. To be wholly interest
ing now "Lucia" would have to be given
by nothing short of an all-star cast. We
all know that in the Melba cast Melba is
the only star, and that when Donizetti
wrote this once-upon-a-time wonder he
had in mind a tenor as well as a soprano.
You cannot ignore the tenor in "Lucia."
Last night the voice and gestures of
M. Salignac were loosened upon the
larded opportunities of Edpardo, and the
result was neither sweet sound nor felic
itous pictures. Salignao sang in a misfit
bunch of keys and acted unlike any
creature of God with which I am ac
quainted. He was a roaring, ripping
failure by all the canons of acting and
blunderbusses of song; and it was in
spite of Salignac and through the valiant
work of Melba. Camponari and Carbone
that even the famous old sextet— which
sings itself, so to say— was not complete
ly spoiled.
It is only the sextet and the "mad
scene" that keep "Lucia" alive, and al
though the earlier scenes brought forth
the usual Melba applause it was her sing
ing of the mad song that alone was bril
liantly memorable In the performance.
In ray opinion this was the most perfect
exhibition of vocal art that she has yet
given us.
On the instant It became a tradition, a
great artistic fact that will be treasured
for life by those who heard it. In limpid
purity of tone, in crystal articulation, in
delicate temperamental poise, In flowing
gradations of color, In fragility, compact
ness, brilliancy, spontaneity and truth—
In all the qualities that go to make up a
perfect rendition of this remarkable ex
hibition piece, it found the superlative of
Melba. ASriTON STEVENS.
INTERCOLLEGIATE TENNIS.
The Annual Championship Matches
Won by California.
In three straight matches California
won the annual tennis championship from
Stanford yesterday morning at the Cali
fornia Tennis Club. Stanford was repre
sented by Picher and Schneider in singles
and doubles, California by Sumner Hardy
and Stone in singles and Hardy and Selby
in doubles.
The first match was between Sumner
Hardy and Picher, both champions of
their respective colleges. Hardy started
out as if he were going to devour his op
ponent, but soon became careless. Picher
won the first game, but Hardy took the
second. Game by game they alternated
until it was five all. Then Hardy. un
willing to allow the set to draw out to an
interminable length, ended it by win
ning the next two games.
The second set was won in much the
same fashion. Hardy played easy ball
until Picher had won five games, making
it a deuce set. Then the former cham
pion of the coast took a full breath of air
and the work began. The two necessary
sets were .soon won and with them the
match. Score 6—4,6 — 4, 7—5.7 — 5.
Stone, called all sorts of hard names by
the band of Stanford students present,
won his first set from Schneider, 6—l. The
second set, with four games to his favor
to his opponent's one, looked just as easy
for him. but Schneider, whose brow ran
far back to the cerebellum, was a sur
prise, and the second set went to the man
from Palo Alto. The third set was a long
one, which Stone finally won, 7—5.7 — 5. Score
6—l, 6—B, 7-5.
The doubles between Hardy and Selby
and Picher and Schneider was an easy
victory for the California men. Two
straight sets tell the tale, 7—5, 6 — t
FOB, PURE FOOD.
Conference Between the Board of
Health and Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association.
A conferenc* was held yesterday between
members of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association and the Board of
Health to discuss proposed amendments
to the pure food law. Assistant District
Attorney Dunne said that as the law
stood now convictions were almost im
gossible. Professor Rising, chemist of the
_tate University, announced that during
his visit to the East and Europe, on
which he starts to-day, he will thorough
ly investigate the manufacture of gas and
the true reason for the expulsion of
American fruits from foreign countries.
Chief Food Inspector Dockery. Mi.
Kerr and others discussed the legislation
necessary to ston the manufacture and
exportation of bogus brandy. Dock«ry
presented a plan by which a standard of
purity could be established for different
kinds of condensed milk and cream now
being manufactured in this city. The
meeting adjourned without any' definite
action being taken.
BOURDON BURIAL.
The Annual Celebration by the
Freshmen Class of California.
On Monday evening, April 25, the fresh
men of the University of California will
cremate Bourdon and Minto and heap ex
ecration upon all those who have rubbed
the freshman fur the wrong way. The
programme which will take place upon
the campus at Berkeley is as follows::
Ordo orationum— ld quod est. Pontifex
Maximus. Carolus D Cobbius; Lauda
tio, Piersius; Damimtio, Fifhero; Glorifi
catlo, Southardax; Vltaperatlo, Tullius;
Solarplexus, Sehwartzius; crematio; Pre
ces, Butleron; Chorea Victorialls.
Vetoed by the Mayor.
Mayor Phelan filed with the Supervisors
yesterday a message vetoing the resolu
tions awarding the contract for laying
stone sidewalks on Sacramento street, be
tween Octavia and Laguna. to Gray
Bros., and for curbing Scott street, be
tween Fulton and Hayes, and Hayes
street, between Scott and Pierce, to J. J.
Dowling. Also the authorization to pay
the Edison Light and Power Company
$869 9ii from the general fund for lighting
the City Hall with electricity during
March.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
■ ♦ ■
Pattern-Makers' Ball.
The twelfth annual ball of the Pattern
makers' Association, which was held In
the Alcazar building last night, was a
splendid success, both from a s&cial and
financial standpoint. The hall was crowd
ed to its utmost capacity with merry
couples, who tripped to the music until
the midnight bell announced the opening
of the Sabbath. The committee tnat r,o
successfully managed the affair was com
posed of John Hill, Arthur J. Raymond,
C. M. Henderson, J. Smith, William
O'Connell and J. Sandberg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No furniture feature in years has attracted so much attention.
No such values — no such variety in real chic up-to-date furniturfc
The added attractions for this event are matchless.
95c for $1 50 tahourette — oak or mahogany finish.
82.9 i for $o 75 cobbler seat rocker — mahogany finish or oal
84.95 for $7 25 rockers— oak and new malachite.
86.95 for $11 75 oak book case with glass doors.
81 0 5O for $14 75 combination book case, handsomely carved, polished.
810 75 for $15 75 couch— full spring edge; any color corduroy.
84 95 for $8 50 parlor arm chair — siting seat; any color.
87.95 for $14 50 odd parlor divan— full spring seat; hand polished.
821.95 for $33 75 parlor suit, 3 pieces— very handsomely Inlaid.
87.95 for $13 75 solid oak extension table; 8 feet; extra heavy lesa.
811.95 for $16 00 sideboard, with plate glass; drawer lined.
81 25 for $2 25 solid oak leather seat dining-room chair.
82.95 for $5 00 metal bed— brass trimmings.
87.00 for $11 00 metal bed— extension foot rail.
CARPETS, LINOLEUM, RUGS, CURTAINS.
NOTE — We want you to just see the difference in price between our
Furniture and Carpets and those offered by some of our high-prico credit
stores. A comparison will show at once WHERE YOU GET BARGAINS.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PIIYSICJAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately' relieved; rates $10 to $1S
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
j. A. HAYS, Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs: hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages: terms $10 to «12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor, Hopland, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure-
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery: boating and bathing free:
$8 to $14 per week: round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pier
turesque scenery: mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves-
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation: nature's game preserve; beautiful !
scenery; purest i r: coldest water; good shoot- I
ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own i
garden; unexcelled table; home comforts L. I
B. FRASIER, • Sanhedrin P. O.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
• HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors,
Larkspur, Marin County, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; .campers' return tickets
$2 50. • Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal. ._ . .
LONG D
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Bend for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON,
Napa. Cal. ._ ; . . .
JOHANNISBERG;
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and : swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to • .'
r JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa, Cal.
warn mm
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and Sl5 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
C 1C 1 if i OOP HOT SPRINGS, Sonomi Co.
.NRA IMA Only iV hours from s - p - and
VI\nUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain, scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLAPS
SERVICE; morning and ■ afternoon stages:
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon,
ferry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGKEW. Prop.
•A.2STGKW"I2SFS,
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 10('x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwln, Napa County, Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKB COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per week;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntinr on property. For particulars ".-rite XV.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad. Lake County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postoffice
In hotel: rates, $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CAH-
F.NTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing,' , boating, swimming: table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpals Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
MENLO Park residence to rent, furnished, for
the summer or for a year; consistes of 17
rooms, 5 baths, cottage, stables, cow houses,
chicken houses, green houses, vegetable gar-
dens, fruit trees, flowers. larse oaks, • etc.,
etc. : gas. with electric lighting In house and
grounds; horses, carriages, cows, etc.. etc.,
go with.the place; a beautiful • home and in
perfect condition; rent for summer, $600 per
month ; for 1 year, much less, to be nego-
tiated. For further particulars apply to
JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate A-ent, 420
Montgomery st.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. r Terms, $5 per week. Address W.
CRANDELL, Santa Cruz.
COMFORTABLY furnished house, 9 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; barn and
horses if desired; 45 minutes' from San Fran-
' Cisco; safe from bombardment. Box 1733, Call.CAMERON TELLS
ANOTHER TALE
Answers the Complaint
of His "Wife for a
Divorce.
A. Railroad Ride That Will
Figure in the Trial of
the Case.
The Parties Were Once Separated
but Remarried and Again
Disagree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
808 Broadway, April 23.
J. F. Cameron, who has been sued by
his wife for divorce, filed a cross-com
plaint to-day which shows that their
various marital experiences have not been
without alleged faults on both skies. Mrs.
Cameron charged her husband with
cruelty, drunkenness and other incidental
shortcomings.
In his cross complaint Mr. Cameron
tells a lurid story. He alleges that he is
one of the kindest and tenderest of hus
bands and parents and that while not a
total abstainer he is a very temperate
and on the whole a sober man. lie posi
tively denies all the Impeachments of his
wife and having disposed of all her
charges he proceeds to tell of his own
grievances.
The most sensational chapter in Mr.
Cameron's tale relates to a railroad trip
across the continent, which he says was
taken by his wife at the beginning of the
year. He tells of various incidents that
occurred on the trip' and how on one
occasion it became necessary for the at
tendants of the sleeper to order Mrs.
'Cameron to be more decorous. On this
journey Mrs. Cameron did not come
alone, and her husband alleges that a cer
tain gentleman of her acquaintance was
partly responsible for the necessity of in
terference by the car attendants.
The troubles of the Camerons extend
over many years. They were married and
divorced and married again. In the in
terval, however, Mrs. Cameron legally
became Mrs. Foster for a brief period.
While enjoying this name Mr. Cameron,
who had not seen his divorced wife for
years, came from Canada and asrain made
her acquaintance. At his suggestion, it is
said, Foster was got out of the way by
another divorce, and the remarriage to
Cameron took place.
It Is this second marriage of the parties
which Mrs. Cameron is anxious to rifct
. and which her husband is appar
ently just as anxious to sever, though
h<-- prefers the decree in his favor
to letting his wife have it. He also makes
the allegation that Mrs. Cameron is not
bo well fitted to look after the interests of
a 1 ii 111•1 11•1 1 • girl B y< ars of age as is her father.
COMPLICATED CONTRACT.
Entangled Property of the Late Mar-
tin Foye in -Court.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Katherina Diehl I
has Bled an answer in the suit of the j
Home Security and .. Loan. Association |
of - Alameda County against the Union !
National Bank et al. to foreclose on a
mortgage. It shows the most tangled ar
rangement of agreements, mortgages and i
counter-mortgages ever heard in this
county. It is all over a house and lot on
the corner of Ninth avenue and East
Tenth street, which was the property of
Martin Foye.
In 1593 Dr. and tors. J. A. Saunders
bought the house and lot. on which Foye
owed $500, and reed to pay $1000 for an
entrance fee to St. Joseph's Hospital in
San ran cisco for Foye and give him $10
Tier month during his, life. Saundera
mortgaged it for $1800, paid the J6OO due ,
and thf $1000 for Foye's admittance to the
hospital, and paid some other bills for 1
Foye. On March 23, 1893, Saunders in
dorsed Foye's note for $o»j. On June 23
the bank notified Saunders that it must be -
paid. He paid the amount, but asked the
bank to keep me note and try to col-:
lc-ct it.
On N 25, 1595, the agreement be-:
re and Foye was caaceled ;
and tent made. The property
wns returned to Foye with the $300 mort- ;
I Baundi ra was to pay Foye $300'
cash. To raise this Saunders "mortgaged i
West Oakland property. On Jan
3aunders learned that the
v • • was still unpaid, lying in the bank.
>k it and attempted to collect it
when : perty was foreclosed on.
The loan association filed foreclosure
; sb on the East Oakland home,!
which ; i.i'i been transferred to Kathe- .
rina Diehl, a nurse, and the balance of |
ye, who is dead, is in the !
the Administrator.
A HINT TO THE CHOIR.
Members Who Are Late Will Not Be
Protected.
OAKLAND, April 23. — Rev. Marshall
Law has issued a notice to his choir that
he intends should be read between as
veil as on the lines. The rector Is anxious
that he choir shall be on time, and the
following carefully worded notice has
been issued:
The rector suggests busmen promptitude In
the ginning of all our church services, com
mencing this Sunday, therefore every service
■will begin sharply at the appointed hoar The
morning service will open at 11 o'clock, not
five or t<Ti minutes afterward. Th- evening
service at 7:30, not five or ten minutes, or more,
later. A little laxity In the matter of prompt
beginnings due to a volunteer choir, has grown
Into an unpleasant delay which la not satis
factory to anybody. We will, therefore, begin
the service with such members of the choir as
may lie ready, and those who come later can
Vest and come into the choir chancel at th<»
rlose of musical numbers or during natural
breaks In the service. If the congregation no
tices some coming In after jhe service has be
j^in It is not to be assumed that they are In
tentionally late, for a number of the choir are
quite at the mercy of an erratic Sunday street
rar service, and they cannot always count upon
being In time even though they leave their
homes in ample time. But those present will
begin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
yrara against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful foliy. premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves ut home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
'come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In ali»casos. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Uuilding. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will b" complied with. The institute
sirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample vrill en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
prop-r remedies are employed. The In-
Ktitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully pealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
Hnl-i#rassment or publicity. Readers ar«
requested to write without delay.
TO WED FOR A
NOBLE PURPOSE
Curious Invitations Sent
Out for a Spiritualistic
Ceremony.
The Union of Mary P. Talman
and M. H. Morse to Be Im
pressively Consecrated.
Many Such Marriages Have Recsntly
Been Solemnized In the City
of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. April 23.
Invitations to the wedding of Miss Mary
P. Talman and Mason H. Morse have been
sent out to numerous friends, and the
peculiar wording of the cards has pro
voked much comment and curiosity.
The invitation is as follows:
0 The ceremony to consecrate the O
O union of Mary P. Talman and Ma- 0
O son H. Morse for grander and no- 0
O. bier fulfillment or' the work to O
0 which they have already conse- 0
O crated their lives will be solemnized 0
Bat noon, on Wednesday. 2Tt li day 0
of April, 1898. at the residence of 0
0 Dr. L. L. Matthews, Dimond, Up- Q
0 per Fruit vale. 0
0 We believe in the bountiful sup- 0
0 ply promised, as we need it, and 0
0 also in your love and cood will. 8
0 Therefore we kindly a-sk that no p
g tokens be offered. 8
At home Wednesdays, Dimond, 0
0 Upper Fruitvale. 0
The ceremony is to he what is known
as a "spiritual" wedding. It is. In many
respects, the sajne as in ordinary wed
dings, but there are some vows introduced
into the ceremony not commonly used.
All the civil and legal requirements are
followed, hut it is made an important
feature in the compact that the good of
' the work to which husband and wife are
consecrated shall be paramount to all
1 n nor considerations. There have been
several marriages on these lines In this
city and a Home of Truth has been
organized and In active operation for
some time on those principles.
THtTA RHO'S DANCE.
An Enjoyable Affair Given by the ,
Club at Unity Hail.
BERKELEY, April 23.— An enjoyable
: hop was given by the Theta Rho Club
' at Unity Hall last evening. The hall was I
' tastefully decorated with flowers and I
' light refreshments were served.
The officers and members of the club,
who received many congratulations on tne j
; success of the pleasant affair, are:
Officers— Miss Laura Cohn, president; i
I Miss Ethel Preble, vice-president; Miss
Eva Bramlet, secretary and treasurer, j
Members— Misses Laura Cohn, Carol
! Cohn, Ethel Preble, Amy Flagg, Eva
Bramlet., Dora Bramlet, Louise Davis,
| Helen Hill. May McCoy.
The ladies present were: Misses Laura j
> Cohn, Carol Cohn, Belle Case. Hazel !
' Jewett, Annie McCleave, Edna Wyckoff, i
, Edith Huddart, Ruby Morse. Edith !
Thatcher, Edith Chamberlain, Edda Ry- \
der, Edith Husted, Kate Watson, Louise i
j Davis. Ethel Preble. Helen Hill. Eva
; Bramlet, I'ora Bramlet, Amy Flagg,
Gertrude Hanscome, Nellie Vance", Lua
Fraser, Mabel Whitney, Laura Sleeper, i
i Agnes • Forg4e,- Edna Potwin, Marcia
! Ardley.. Helen Grover, June Chappell, !
Carrie Morse, Elsie .Nutting, Elsie Can- i
rit-ld.
The gentlemen present were: Herbert
Kreiss, Hewett Davenport, George Wil
helm, Harry Ardley, Harold Cummings,
Tyrrel Hamlin, J. Mery. Ciarence L>akin r
Ray Simonds, Clarence Dicktnson, U.
liodgkinson, Bartlett Thane, \V alter
Reea, Chester Stanley, J. Brock, Charles
Finn, Kred Morris, Fred Berger, Dick
llazetine, Challen Parker. Mark White,
Charles Wilson. A. Woolsey, Kthan Scott,
Minot Scott, Paul Henry, Kdivard Woods,
Cecil IU-'d. Brian Bell, Ralph Wardwell,
Charles Dozier, Romney Masters, Fred
Armstrong.
Berkeley Republican Club.
BERKELEY, April 23.— The Young
Men's Republican Club met last night
a.nd reorganized. The club is to be known
as the Young Men's Republican Club of
Berkeley. The following officers were
elected and committees appointed: Pres
ident, C. D. Malony; first vice-president,
W. Carey; second vice-president, F.
Lockyer; treasurer, E. Florence; secre
tary, C. A. Gregory; tinancial secretary,
Henry Ried; sergeants at arms. G. E.
Parker and P. McKerms; executive com
mittee, A. Vollmer, I. C. Thompson,
George Parker, C. L. Tabor, Leo Rodgers,
W. Carey, H. L. Tlsdale, F. Carter, F.
Dowd, J. Hamilton, George Phillip?. J.
F. McNamara and E. Florence; cam
paign committee, H. Reed, J. Kenny, J.
D. Kay, M. Greig. C. Orcutt. C. J. Newell
and W. Davis; finance committee, W.
Carey, F. Nugent and A. Larsen.
Dr. Jordan on Happiness.
BERKELEY. April 23.— Dr. David Starr
Jordan, president of Stanford University,
will lecture to-morow evening at 7:30
o'clock, at Stiles Hall, on "The Quest for
Unearned Happiness." The lecture is the
last of a series given under the auspices
of the Berkeley Unitarian Society.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. April 23.— This after
noon fire partly destroyed the home of
W. H. Bmythe on Ferndale avenue, at
the head of Dwight way. Damage be
tween $100 and $200; fully Insured.
The new reservoir at tha Stale Uni-
Vrrslly, which was completed a f-hort
time ago, is now half filled with water.
The senior class in the department of
decorative and industriaJ art of the Uni
versity of California will give an informal
reception and exhibit in the new East
Hall, U. C. grounds, Berkeley, Wednes
day, April 27, from 3 to ti o'clock.
THEY ARE ENLISTING.
Company G Rapidly Obtaining Its
Full Complement of Men.
ALAMEDA, April 23.— The proppect that
the State Militia will sooYi be called on
for active service has filled the members
of Company G of the Fifth Regiment,
which is made up of Alameda boys, with
enthusiasm. Yesterday a call was issued
for enough volunteers to fill the company
to its full complement, and before the
armory closed in the evening twenty-nine
men had put their names on the muster
roll. To-day others have followed, and it
is expected that by to-night the full num
ber will have been obtained. One young
man (William Renfro) came on hia wheel
from Palo Alto to put his name on Com
pany G's roster, he having been a former
member. He gave up a trip to Alaska
for the purpose of going to war with his
old comrades. Many of those now joining
are men who have served one enlistment
and are ready to take another. Whenever
Governor Budd gives the word Company
G will be ready to march.
Excited by a Cuban Flag.
ALAMEDA, April 2H.— ln order to show
his patriotism and love <>f freedom, City
Attorney E. K. Taylor had a Cuban flag
made, and yesterday raised it on a polu
at his residence in this city. It floated
all day without molestation, but toward
evening an excited man saw it and, think
ing it was the Spanish banner, lie started
to make a fuss about it. He wanted the
flag to come down at once, and it took
Mr. Taylor some time to convince him of
the real character of the emblem, in or
der to prevent further trouble. Mr. Taylor
has hung the flag in ths window of' his
office at the City Hail, with an American
banner by its side.
Captain of the Shenandoah.
ALAMEDA, April 23.— Captain James
Murphy of the Shenandoah, reported to
have been captured by the Spaniards, al
though having his residence in Bath,
Me., has near relatives in Alameda. His
mother and two sisters reside here, the
mother and one sister, Mrs. Russell, at
1125 Morton street, and- his other sister,
Mrs. Captain Clapp, on Clinton avenue.
They are greatly exercised over the re
ported capture.
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
KNIGHTS PARADE
ON THE AVENUE
An Imposing Spectacle
Presented by Califor
nia Templars.
Golden Gate Commandery's
Drill Corps Makes a Good
Showing.
Entertainment of the Grand Body
at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
There was a magnificent example of
trained marching and maneuvering by
the Grand Commandery of California,
Knights Templar, on Van Ness avenue
yesterday afternoon.
The scene was an inspiring example
of drill and fraternal ties, the plumed
knights and their black steeds present
ing a picture long to be remembered.
All along the line of march Van Ness
avenue was crowded with eager spec
tators, women and children predomi
nating everywhere.
Available view points were occupied
long before the knights assembled,
though they were at their places
promptly at 2:30, as advertised. As
the afternoon ripened the great throng
of spectators had reached its climax,
and just before the shadows began to
grow perceptibly on the hilltops the
drilled i..en in beautiful uniforms were
executing the movements that showed
them to be in thorough training.
The several commanderies formed on
the east side of Van Ness avenue in
the following order, the right resting on
McAllister street and extending on the I
avenue southward. California Com- j
mandery No. 1, to the number of eighty- I
one, mounted on black horses, except
ing Sir J. P. Fraser, the eminent com
mander, who was mounted on a white j
charger. The knights were attired in ;
full regalia of black and silver with
chapeau and flowing white plumes; a
company of the Grand Commandery,
with the American flag and the beau
seant, the battle flag of the Templars.
This was under command of Eminent
Sir F. W. Miller, grand captain-gene
ral; then the Oakland Commandery,
under command of Sir W. Frank
Pierce: also members of other com
| manderies, which did not turn out as
distinct bodies. There were several
: commanderies that had been assigned
! positions in the second battalion which
! did not take part in the parade. After
1 that was the third battalion, made up
; wholly of Gulden Gate Commandery,
'■ ninety-three rank and file, in four com
panies, under command of Eminent Sir
Jonathan M. Peel, and then were four
carriages containing aged and past
i grand officers. All of the Knights, cx
i cept those of California Commandery,
were afoot and wore black suits and
i chapeau with white plumes, but did
not wear mantles.
At half-past 2 o'clock the comman
deries fell into line and moved north
ward on the order to move being given
i by the signal officers, who gracefully
! waved their flags, each officer respond
i ing after the first signal was given. The
I commander and staff took up a posi
tic-n on the west side of the avenue
while the several bodies passed by, and
1 when the head of the procession
i reached Washington street there was
; a halt, and the commanderies were
! formed in regimental front, after which
I they were inspected by Eminent Sir
John F. Merrill. R. E. Sir Frank V.
Sumner and R. E. Sir G. D. Metcalf,
; who rode down the line and then back
i at the rear.
The inspection over the boay exe
cuted several plain movements and
formed for the counter march, being
led by the following officers: Eminent
Sir John F. Merrill, grand generalissi
mo; R. E. Sir Frank W. Sumner, past
grand commander, chief of staff; Sir
Knight Curtis G. Kenyon, surgeon; Sir
Knights William McDonald. Edward R.
S. Swain, A. W. Burrell and George S.
Andres, staff; Sir Knights H. Westphal,
TV. R. Jost, R. S. Palashi, J. D. Max
well, Edward J. Vogel and M. Ryan,
signal officers.
California Commandery. with four
mounted buglers at the head, Bennett's
band preceding the grand commandery,
and the other knights; then the First
Regiment band, which led the four
companies of Golden Gate Command
ery, after which came the veterans. At
Pine street the errand generalissimo and
staff turned out on the west side of the
avenue and he was tendered a review.
The Knights marched to Sutter street,
where, after countermarching again,
they were dismissed.
The templar drill «rhd reception ten
dered to the Grand Commandery
Knights Templar of California by Gol
den Gate Commandery and its drill
corps at Mechanics' Pavilion last night
was largely attended. The programme
was interesting throughout and the
drill exhibition was loudly cheered. The
following is the programme in detail:
Military concert. First Infantry Regi
ment band, N. G. C. Charles H. Cas
sasa, lender; concert by Cassasa's Band,
C. H. Cassasa, director; overture, "Fest,"
Leutener; gems from "Robin Hood." De
Koven; waltz. "Ever or Never," Wald
teufel; medley, selection, introducing the
latest popular songs, arranged by Cas
sasa; march, "Stars and Stripes," Sousa;
the march of battalion, under command
of Jonathan M, Peel, eminent command
er, passing in review before R. E. Sir
George D. Metcalf. grand commander of
California; exhibition drill, by the First
Commandery or drill corps of the com
mandery, under command of William Ed
wards, past commander; guard mount,
four details, adjutant, CharlOH L. Field,
past commander; new officer of the day,
George D. Clark, past commander: ser
geant major, William C. Stroud; old offi
cer of the day, A. B. Yon Wcfelsburg,
past commander, officer of the guard,
Robert McMillan; in command of guard
details, J. R. Aitken, S. J. Hendy. J. G.
Spauldfng and William E. Lutz; forma
tion of battalion, under command of
Frank William Sumner, past grand com
mander of California; review, tendered to
Jonathan M. Peel, eminent commander of
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16; dress
parade, to William Edwards, past com
mander and commandant of the drill
corps; dancing. \* : rf-
The following is the organization of
the battalion of Golden Gate Command
ery No. 16, Knights Templar, which
had charge of the entertainment:
In command, Jonathan M. Peel, eminent
commander. ■ • • '
Adjutant, Charles L. .bield, past com
mander. -,
Staff— Charles L. Patton, generalissimo;
J. C. Campbell, captain general; Robert
Ash. prelate; James H. Hatch, past com
mander; Frank J. French, past command
er; A. G. Booth, past commander; C. G.
Young, past commander; Joseph K. Firth,
past commander.
Sergeant major: William C. Stroud. .-
First commandery— inwards,
past commander, captain general; J. R.
Titkcn. senior warden; Robert McMillan,
junior warden.
Second commandery-^Charles IT. Mur
phy, past commander, captain general
James G. Spauldlng." ' senior warden;
Charles P. Overtop., junior warden.
Standard guard, Christian Hell wig,
sword bearer.
In command of Pavilion and guard
Franklin Dalton. past commander. ■
Band, First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C.
■%■ .—. — :—: — ■ ■' ■ ; - ' ' *■"
THE LADIES DRILL.
A Patriotic Corps Reflectinpf Credit on
the Ccmmanderios.
Last evening the Asylum of Califor
nia Commandery No. 1, Knights Ter
n was the scene of a most enjoyable
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
immanuel Baptist. Twenty-third and
lett streets.
Rev. J. O. Gibson
■Sermon by the pastor. Evening
and prayers.
Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Wood* -
n Square Baptist, Post street,
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
Morning— Sermon and divine service.
Seamen's Institute. 9 Mission
Paulist Fathers
Evening— Sermon and
t. Boniface, Golden
Jones street.
Gate
avenue
Franciscan Fathers
►'espers
and sermon,
benediction.
Evening-
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
"The Lnve of God for Us."
—"Is Hell Fire a Material Fire?"
t. James,
streets.
Twenty-third and
Father Lynch
Morning— High
and sermon.
mass.
Evening— Vespers
Lady of Guadalupe, Broadway,
son street.
Father Santandreu
mass.
Evening-
'espers and
Mary's, California and Dupont
Paullat Fathers
Morning— Sermon
Vespers.
and
mass.
Evening—
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth and
streets.
Father Cummlngs
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
and O'Farrell street.
Ness
Father Prenderßast, V. G
[orning — Sermon by Father Hannlgan.
Evening— Vespers, benediction and a ser-
mon by Father Dempsey.
St. Brendan's Hall, Fremont and
son streets.
St. Vincent dt Paul Society
p. m.— Second general meeting of the so-
ciety.
St. Brendan's,
streets. .
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
[orning— The celebration of high mass and
a sermon. Evening— Vespers and bene-
diction of the blensed sacrament.
■, -, , , _ ,
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near
fourth.
Secular Clergy
and mass. * p. m. — Oon-
ilng— Vespers and bene-
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
?— High mass and sermon,
'espers and benediction.
Even-
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near
Father Gray
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Father Browne
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers and benediction.
St. Joseph's, Tenth and Howard streets.
Father Scanlan f
Morning— High mass. Evening— Vespers
and benediction of the blessed sacrament.
St. Peter and Paul's. Filbert and
streets.
Saleslan Fathers
Morning— Sermon and high mass.
Ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
Bt. Dominic's. Steiner
Bush streets.
Father Pius
[orning— Mats, Christian doctrine and ser-
mon.
St. Brlgld's, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
an 4 mass. Evening— Ves-
pers.
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy streets.
Father McGinty
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany
Croke streets.
Saleslan Fathers
mass and sermon. Evening
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street.
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
Morning — Celebration of mass, sermon and
meeting of the Sanctuary Society.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. Father
Childs. Evening — Benediction, vespers
and a sermon.
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devlsadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
[orning — "Personal Preaching, Hearing
and Acting." Evening — "Life as Taught
by the Man of Galilee."
Bethany Congregational. Bartlett
near Twenty-fifth.
Rev. W. C. Pond
by the pastor. Evening
religious instruction.
— Sermon
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
lornlng— "Fight the Good Fight of
Faith." Evening— "Who Shall Prepare
Himself for the Battle?"
First Congregational,
streets.
Post and
Rev. G. C. Adams
Morning — Sermon. Evening— Sermon
religious instruction.
and
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
ermon hy Dr. Thomas Fletcher.
"The Brotherhood of Nations."
Plymouth Congregational, Poet street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Divine service.
Evening
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
Morning — "A Glorious Church."
—"A Patriotic Nation."
Evening
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
'Daniel in the Lion's Den."
-Sermon by Rev. N. H. Whittle-
sew Haven.
sey of
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market.
Rev. J. Emery
Morning — Sermon.
Instruction.
Evening— Sermon and
Grace Church,
streets.
California and
Rev. W. Foute
Morning— Sermon and Instruction,
ing — Sermon.
Even-
St. Luke's Episcopal, Van Ness avenue
Clay street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
and
divine
services.
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
[orning — Communion service.
Sermon by the pastor.
Evening —
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
! Morning — Sermon on the war.
Sermon and prayer.
Evening-
Bethel African M. E., Powell street,
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
and devotion.
Evening —
California Street Methodist Episcopal,
ifornia and Stolner streets.
Rev. J. W. Phelps
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Instruction and sermon.
Evening
Central
Sixth.
Methodist,
street.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning — Religious instruction.
I The Spanish-American waT.
Evening —
Epworth M. E. Church. Twenty-sixth
Church streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning — Sermon and catethetical Instruc-
tion. Evening— Sermon.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
First M. E. Church, Powell and Wl
ton streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
[orning— Sermon and religious Instruction.
Evening — Free public service.
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
\ Evening— Bible study.
First Christian Church.
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— "She Hath Done What She
Could." Evening— "The Spirit of War."
Howard Street M. E., Howard street,
Second.
Rev. J. B. Wilson
divine service.
Evening— Prayer
and
Japanese M. E.. 1329 Pine street.
Mary E. Bowen,
Evening— Praise service.
Potrero M.
streets.
E..
Tennessee
and
Rev. D. W. Chllson
Morning— Sermon,
instruction.
Evening— Prayer
and
Richmond M. E., Fifth avenue, near
Lobos avenue.
Rev. H. X. Pearce
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
lorning — Sermon by Rev. Dr. McClish.
6 p. m. — Addresses by Miss Mary Dick-
Bon, Professor Hunt and L. J. Norton.
Trinity M. E. Church, Sixteenth,
and Noe streets.
Rev. H.W. Peck
and instruction.
Evening
—sermon.
Mill* I JswHUSSaSBi :■■'•; ;i< -•- ~ - . V
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— Prayer and Instruction. After-
noon — Christian doctrine. Evening — Ser-
mon and prayer.
. ,: . , . .
First I'nitpd Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Rev. M. M. Gibson
:-rs,-<
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlil
[ornlnp— Sermon by S. S. Cryor. Evening
— "China As It Is To-day."
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth a'
and Railroad avenue.
Rev. H. N. Bevler
mention by the pastor,
n and prayer.
Even-
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster
Page streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morning — Close of evangelistic meetings.
Afternoon— Address to young men. Even-
ing—Sermon by Major Hilton.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and Ba-
ker streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
by Rev. Alex. Carson.
War With Spain."
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
W. E. Dugan
of the Church." Even-
i-Amerlcan War."
ing— "The
St. Paul's, California street, near Stelner.
W. W. Rellly
jMorninjr— "The Resurrection and Its Con-
sequences." Evening— Monthly musical
festival.
First Unitarian,
streets.
Franklin
and
%
Rev. H. Stebblns
school and divine ser-
rhere will be no evening
vice. E
service.
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. A. J. Wells
ife's Silent Partner." Evening
ef In Public Office."
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
ter street.
The P!bl<*. Science and Health, with Key
to the Scriptures
Mornmg— Sermon by one of the frater-
nity. Evening — Prayer.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ,
Market street.
C. A. Parkin
Evening—Bermon.
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street.
Major Evans :
Of BOUIB.
Metropolitan Temple,
Market.
Fifth street.
Rev. I. B. Morgan
singing and sermon by
Rev.
Native Sons' Hall, Mason street, near
M. Davenport
"Our Lord's Second Coming."
C. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
Rev. A. DeMuth
p. m.— Chalk talk.
gathering. The occasion convening the
sir knights and their ladies was a prac
tice drill given by the young ladies of
the drill corps, who are to give an en
tertainment at Mechanics' Pavilion
during the progress of the festival in
aid of the Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home.
The young ladies showed great pro
ficiency in their drill and will un
doubtedly delight the vast throngs
which will gather in the Pavilion as
they have been trained and thoroughly
drilled by an expert in the person of
Past Commander Reuben P. Hurlbut
of California Commandery, under
whose tuition and command California
Commandery Drill Corps achieved dis
tinction by invariably carrying off the
honors when competing with other
Templar drills of the State. After the
evening's drill refreshments provided by
the young ladies were served, during
which brief addresses were delivered
by several eloquent knights. Before
the delights of the evening were over
Commandant Hurlbut became the re
cipient of a token of appreciation from
the young ladies of the corps whom he
had brought to a wonderful degree of
proficiency in the tactics.
The presentation was a perfect sur
prise to the commandant, who could
hardly find words to express his thanks.
Sir John Tonningsen ably assisted the
ladies by officiating as master of cere
monies. The uniform of the Ladies'
Drill Corps is an artistic creation, and
will charm all who may be favored by
seeing the coming drill at the Pavilion.
Instead of miniature rifles, bejeweled
swords or polished foils, the young
ladies drill with American flags, pre
sented by J. M. Litchfield, which
they handle with consummate ability.
These young ladies are pronounced
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAUE YOUR
ajrrTll Filled or n
ILL 1 1 1 Extracted mm
WITHOUT PAIN Miffl
AND SAVE HALF ON YOUR DENTIST BILL.
' Experienced Graduate Dentists in Every Department.
: %P ' FREE I FREE ! FREE ! :
To-morrow, Monday. April : 25, and "Wednesday, 27th, all patients who call at oar par-
lors and set an estimate on their dental work will be entitled to (1) Gold Filling Free.
Teeth Extracted Without Pain ! No Gas ! No Chloroform I \-' :
/; OPEN EVENINGS. SUNDAYS TILL 2.
t. s. higgins, D.D.S. | Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
927 MARKET STREET.
Over CaSe Zinkand. Fifth Floor-Elevator. .
Americans and ready to serve thoir
country in any capacity for whioi they
are fitted. They stand ready to re
spond to every call of duty, and will
vie with their brothers in proving
fealty to the stars and stripes which
they love. The company did not break
up until midnight.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~ £ '
FREETRIALTOr
ANY HONEST MAN
THE FOREMOST MEDICAL COMPANY H
THE WORLD IN THE CURE OF WEAK
MEN MAKES THIS OFFER. ,
HAPPY nARRIAOE, HEALTH. ENERGY AND
LONG LIFE.
In all the world today— all the history o*
the world— no doctor or institution has treated
and restored so many men as has the fainea
ERIE MEDICAL COMPANY, of Buffalo, N. Y. .
VM •~ " '^^
This Is due to the fact that the company con-
■ trols some inventions and discoveries which rmv*
j no equal in the whole realm of medical science. .
So much deception has been practised in adver-
tising that this grand old company now makes a
startling offer.
They will send their magically effective appli-
ance and a month's course of restorative remedies
; positively on trial, without expense, to any re-
liable man.
AW a dollar need be paid until results are hurwn to
I and acknowledged by the patient. '< ■-, * \,\,-
The Erie Medical Company's Appliance and
1 Remedies have been talked of and written about
till every man has heard of them. '
The highest medical authorities in the world
i have lately commended them.
They possess marvelous power to vitalize, de-
| velop. restore and sustain. -r T.- -
They create vigor, healthy tissue, new life.
They stop drains that gap the energy.
They cure all effects of evil habits, excesses,
overwork.
: They give full strength, development and tone
to every portion and organ of the body.
Failure impossible; age no barrier.
This " Trial Without Expense " offer Is limited
, to a short time, and application must be made at
once. " " ... ■ ■;-, ■-.:
No C.O.D. scheme nor deception : no exposure— ■
a clean business proposition by n. company of high
financial and professional standing.
Write to the ERIE MEDICAL COMPANY. Bo*.
; talo. N. V.. and refer to their offer in this paper.
ffci£i£NESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
UKLS4Ir il '" ilJlnt ' y- *""" IJ * V ? S II'LK'I'UUE Cushion!
i ■»■•«■■ help when all else fails, as classes help «re«.
! Self-adjintinjr. No Pain. "Whirrs hrtml. Sencito CBCC
r. iiiwoiia. H5« ir«n>.,\.V.. for 'look and I'roofs IIIEC
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
| kg. Steamers leave Broadway
fi^^^^ wharf, San Francisco:
KGsSs?!Sftw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HKPK^Sha^ April 1, 6, 11. 16, 21 - 26, May 1,
KkHnml transfer at Seattle.
B|^3UrJ_^l For Alaskan ports (from
mHB^^HmI Folsom-Btreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
i^HtSi^ai April 27. May IS, June 5. 26.
July IT, transfer at Portland,
' For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
Bend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New ■\Vhateom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1. 6.
11 16 21 26 May 1, and every fifth day there-
after," connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. >.. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C P li v
For Eureka (Ilumboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
April 2. 8, 14. 20, 26. May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. _,
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
i Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23. 27.
May I,- and every fourth day thereafter _■
For San Diego. Hopping only at Port Har..
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5. 9, 13. 17. 21. 23. 29. May 3, ana
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Majrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 13,
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE $12 First Class Including Bert*
rAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April 18. 27
Columbia April Tl, 30
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. 'WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
, TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP. AND THE CON-
TINENT. ; «
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA, SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL, Under BELGIAN, and BRITISH
FLAGS. ■
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio. Pennsylvania. Illinois. Indi-
ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
in the trans-Atlantic sen-ice of. the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 21.
8. P. Pennsylvania, June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fi?-t of new and
modern steamers and barges on the . Yukon
River, through to Dawson City an.l Interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
• Or any of its Agencies.- ''"-■"■■'■
fH»aMI« B- m. Special party
ikflniL fr HONOLULU only,
*J"«»S"W Wednesday. May 4. I
y™^__^ p. m. Special party
J "The* S. S. MARIPOSA
Q)lwllllJlliU 1 - galls via Honolulu and
/RmPifll?U» Auckland for Sydney
VWIIIpJi«r Wednesday. May IS, at
2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
French Line to Havre. . .
Company's Pier' (new) 42 North
Rfver. foot of Morton st. Travelers *gC|Bfjj>
by this line avoid both transit by**™^
English railway and the discomfort or crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, |160;
second clans, $116. ' , ' , „„
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE.. May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ....May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. May 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, .Jew York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
; FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 ft. n>., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays ......1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission - Dock, Pier 1.
Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOSGATOS and SANTA GF.U2
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and passengers
Fare between San Francisco and Alvtdo. 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 NorUi
First street. San Jose.
1516
WATER-FRONT
PIRACY GETS
HARD BLOWS
Judge Belcher Excoriates the Har=
bor Commissioners in the
Irving Case.
The Plaintiff Wins, While the Defendants
Are Directly Charged With Favorit
ism and Gross Disregard
of Law.
The Harbor Commissioners have received their first official
blow. The decision of Judge Belcher rendered yesterday declares
that they have conducted their department without regard to law;
that they have rejected bids for no other reason than to give con
tracts to their pets; that they had no right to employ the "special
counsel,'' under whose advice they claimed to be acting, and that the
advice they received was not sound. It accuses them directly of bad
faith and gross favoritism. In the action brought by Samuel C. Irv
ing against the Harbor Commissioners the latter are kno:ked out at
every point, there never having been a more complete victory than
that achieved by Irving. The attention of the Grand Jury will
doubtless be drawn anew to the fact that it has been weighing the
deeds and character of the commission.
Judge E. A. Belcher of the Superior
bench has rendered a decision in the
case of Samuel C. Irving against the
Harbor Commissioners. The decision
is bo complete a triumph for Irving and
for the public, that it is ; rinted in
full. It includes, as merely incidental,
a scathing arraignment of the Com
missioners, particularly of the presi
dent, Mr. Colnon. The methods by
which the Commissioners have sought
by a total disregard of law to favor
their pets ie detailed with no mincing
of words. So lucid and logical is the
entire decision that It will be of inter
est to every citizen. The decision fol
lows:
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. De
partment No. 7.
Injunction. No. 62,571.
SAMUEL C. IRVING, Plaintiff,
vs.
THE STATE BOARD OF HARBOR COM
MISSIONERS. Defendant,
and
THE PARAFFINE PAINT CO., Plaintiff.
vs.
THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOR COM
MISSIONERS. Defendant.
Mandamus. No. 62,572.
JUDGE W. B. COPE and MATT I. SULLI
VAN. ESQ., for the Plaintiff.
FREDERICK S. BTRATTON, ESQ.. Special 1
Counsel for the Defendant.
OPINION.
The first of the actions above entitled
is brought by the plaintiff as a citizen i
and taxpayer to restrain the defendant
from opening bids under the third set of
specifications, so called, and from award- ;
ing any contract thereon; and from
awarding any contract for treating piles j
for the repair of Green street wharf to
any pen other than the Parafnne I
Paint Company, the lowest bidder under I
all of the methods Bet forth in the second
Hi-i of specifications; and to restrain the
defendant for one year from giving the i
work of treating piles on the water from
to any save the Paraftlne Paint Company,
the lowest bidder for that work. The
second of. the actions is mandamus to !
compel the defendant to award the con
tract for treating the piles to be used in I
the repairs of Green street wharf, and as
well the contract for treating all piles
that may be ordered by the defend- ;
ant for use on the water front
of San Francisco for one year .to
the Parafline Paint Company, the lowest,
bidder under all methods named in the
specifications.
Full Consideration Given.
Nearly two months were consumed in
the trial. The cases were tried together;
that is to say, It was stipulated that the '■
evidence in the one should apply in the
other so far as applicable, and they were I
presented by counsel in the most careful
and conscientious manner— the argument
alone consuming nearly six days. I re
gret that the time at my disposal from
other pressing duties renders it impossi
ble for me to present and elaborate my
views in extenso, as I could wish, and as
the questions Involved and the fine and
painstaking efforts of counsel deserve.
However, as the Hoard of State Harbor
Commissioners is a public body, and as
all of the moneys expended by It are pub
lic moneys, and as the public have an in
terest and a right to be interested in all
that the board does. I have thought it my
*uty, even though briefly, to express my
•pinion in writing.
The San Francisco Board of State Har
bor Commissioners is a subordinate
municipal body for public purposes.
Under its possession and control are cer
tain portions of the bay of San Fran
cisco, with the Improvements, rights, priv
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED BY
About eight years ago I got sore hands. It
commenced with a burning sensation on my
fingers. When I rubbed them you could nee
little white pimples on the skin, and I felt
like twisting my lingers out of their sockets.
I had high fever and cold chills, and nights
I had to walk the floor until I fell asleep. I
got tho Ccticura Resolvent and Cctioura.
Boa p. The nails hardened up and peeled off,
and I don't believe there is one of the first
nails loft on my hands which are now cured.
CASPER DIETSCHLER,
Feb. 22, "JB. Pembroke, Genesee Co., N. Y.
Two dollars' worth of Ccticuka Remedies
cured meof Salt Jlheumof twenty year »' stand-
Ing. My hands and fingers broke out in red,
watery blisters with terrible Itching, then a
seal) would form, which would peel off and
come in great cracks, the blood running out.
My nails grew out wrinkled 1 ike a cow's horns,
but now they are growing nice and smooth.
B. R. MILLER, Robertsualc, Pa.
I was obliged to keep the first three fingers
of my little boy's hand done up all tho time,
us it was a raw sore, beginning to extend
flown toward the palm. We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
time. A gentleman recommended Ccticcha.
Remedies. I purchased Cpticcka Soap,
Cuticttiia (ointment) and Cuticura Resol-
vent, put aside what I had been using, and
began with them. Well! they cured thai band.
Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 29,*98. 161 Bronson Are., Rochester, N. T.
Bold the world. Pottm D»ro i»t> Cicm.
r* w.. Boi tea. " Uow to ii»re Beautiful iUadt," Xim.
llfges, easements nnd appurtenances con
nected therewith, commonly known and
designated as tho "water front." The
Income of the board is wholly derivable
from the water front, to-wlt, from dock
age, wharfage, tolls, rents and cranage,
and not from general tuxes. Such in
come amounts to the sum of $50,000 or
$60.00(1 each month, that is to say, the
income of the board is between $600,000
and $700,000 per annum. This vast sum
Is wholly expended in each year.
What Might Be.
Properly husbanded It probably is ade
quate to bring about a result suggested
by counsel in argument, that is to say,
to provide "for the construction of all
water front improvements in permanent
form, etc., so that the Legislature, within
a comparatively short term of years,
might declare San Francisco a "free
port" like Liverpool, No d.,ubt that is
legislative intendment, though somewhat
dimly expressed. The language (Sec. 2524,
Political Code), gives the Mayor of San
] rancisco and the commissioners power
to modify rates of dockage and wharf
age until such and such a revenue shall \
be produced, and then provides that
"when Buch modification has been made,
me collection of tolls must be abolished
and the toll collectors discharged." No
great powers of prophesy are required to
forecast the effect of such a declaration
upon the industries of California and tho
commerce of San Francisco.
On the 16th of November, ISP7, the San
Francisco Board of State Harbor Com
missioners determined that it was neces
sary to have M 7 piles treated for repairs
of Green-street wharf; and further deter
mined that it was necessary to have a
sup] ly of piles treated for use on the
water front in other work during the
then ensuing year, and specifications were
prepared accordingly and published in
viting competitive bidding, all as required
by law. Several bids came In, pursuant
to the notice, and on the 24th of the same
month the board met to consider them,
but having been restrained by an order
of court from opening the bids, the board,
by mesne recesses, continued the matter
until the 14th day of December, when the
injunction was removed and the bids
opened.
The Lowest Bid.
The bids were in form and were ac
companied by certified checks, as re
quired by law. The bid of the Parafflne
I'aint Company was the lowest bid upon
all of the methods named, and it was
not alone that, but it was the lowest price
for which the work could be done. As
to that there was no conflict in the evi
dence. The board discussed the bids
without acting upon them, and took a I
recess in the matter until the day follow- 1
ing. Upon the day following the board j
further discussed the bids without acting
upon them, and took another recess in
the matter until the following day— the
16th. On that day Mr. Stratton, the spe
cial counsel, who had been requested to
advise the board with respect to the
bids, sent in a written opinion wherein
he advised the. board that it had lost
jurisdiction by not opening the bids on
the day named in the advertised notice.
He further advised that the specifications
be changed. Afterward, on the same day,
the board rejected all of the bids. With
respect to that action the Commission
ers testified that the bids were rejected
because of the advice of the special coun
sel—the action of the board practically
being that of two of the Commissioners,
the third, whose term was about to ex
pire and who was in the political minor
ity, concurring as a matter of form in
the action of his associates.
As to Special Counsel.
The action of the board in employing
special counsel and In rejecting the bids,
and the action of the special counsel were
both dwelt upon at length in evidence and
in argument. First, it was said by coun
sel for plaintiff that the board had no ]
authority to employ special counsel at j
the public expense. With respect to that
matter section 2521 of the Political Code
provides that the board shall appoint an
attorney who shall hold his office for the
term or four years, and section 2052 pro
vides that he shall receive from the State
a salary of J2OO per month ($2400 per an
num). Section 2053 further provides that
"the Attorney General of the State must
frive such lega. advice and render such
egal services as may from time to time
be required of him by the Commissioners
In connection with their duties without
further compensation." These provisions
of the general law indicate a clear legis
lative intention to give the Commission
ers a capable attorney of their own
choice at an adequate salary (it being re
membered that the service is not exclu
sive), and to further give them the bene
fit of the Attorney General's advice when
required. I think the maxim, expressio
unlus est excluslo alterlus, is a^ilicable.
The provisions that the board shall have
its own attorney (and at all of the times I
mentioned the board has had a very ca- i
pable attorney— Mr. Tirey L. Ford), and j
the requirement that the Attorney Gen
eral shall give advice when required,
which it is provided shall be "without ]
further compensation." satisfactorily in- I
dicate a legislative intention to limit the
public expenditure for legal services in
that behalf to the sum of $2400 per an
num. It follows that the Commissioners i
have no right to employ special counsel.
Mr. Stratton's Affiliations.
Concerning Mr. Stratton's connection
with the board and certain parties who
were dealing with the board. I feel bound >
to say that I cannot follow the plaintiff's
counsel. If Mr. Stratton made a mistake
touching the disposition of his legal serv
ices to the board and certain other par
ties I think the mistake was an honest
mistake. As to the advice given by him
to the board on the day the bids were re
jected, while I do not" agree that it was
sound. I entertain no doubt that it was
sincerely given. I do not think it neces
sary to say anything further upon the
subject.
The good faith of the members of the j
board In rejecting the bids is Quite a
different matter.
In referring to the members of the
board, I feel that in justice to all it
should be said that both evidence and
argument was aimed particularly at the
president, or as he was sometimes called,
the executive member of the board.. At
•t"> Him tha tcts comdalned of were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
committed, the term of one of the mem
tert? of the board was . about to empire
and he was in the political minority as
i well, and for both reasons he contented
himself with concurring In the action of
the others. The third member took his
seat in 1897, after the course of dealing
criticized in these cases was Instituted,
and while he has devoted. much time and
attention to the business of the board he
seems to have deferred In the matters
under, consideration to the maturer ex
perience of the executive member and to
what he supposed were established meth
ods.
The Commissioners' Favorites
The Commissioners had been advised
by their special counsel not to open the
bide at all, but to return them unopened,
as In counsel's opinion they had no au
thority to open them.- They disregarded
the advice and opened the bids. The
Commissioners had three favorites in par
ticular, and the evidence makes it fairly
inferable that they were of opinion that
no one would be able to underbid one
of these favorites In the matter of treat
• • __™ _^_^____^ I
Ing piles by the creosote method. At the
opening of the bids it was disclosed that
the favorite was not the lowest bidder.
That fact furnished a reason for the re
jection of all the bids. The Commission
ers had rejected bids before.
In the Healey case they rejected the
bids upon the ground that they were
"too high" and advertised again, and
having thus got rid of "objectionable bid
ders," to adopt the phrase of counsel,
awarded the contract to ..rby Laydon,
one of the pets of the board at the same
sum he had offered in the bids previously
rejected because "too high." At the pre
vlous bidding Darby Laydon was not
the lowest bidder. One explanation of the
Darby Laydon award was that If the
second bids had been rejected the Com
missioners would have been obliged to gc
into the open market and purchase at a
price not less than 10 per cent below the
lowest bid. But the statute will not bear
any such interpretation, and the Commis
sinners had never been advised that li
would. . If. the board found that bids were
JUDGE EDWARD A. BELCHER.
"too high" It was their duty to reject
them and readvertlse as many times as |
they should determine that the bids were !
"too high"— the design of the law being ;
to secure to the public the advantage of j
free and open competition, and thus pro
cure the public work to be done at a fair
price. The Intention was to make it im
possible for bidders to combine to keep
prices up, and to inhibit favoritism on
the part of the Commissioners.
The Law Violated.
That the excellent purpose of the law
has been disregarded or frustrated the
record in these cases leaves no room for
doubt. It is unfortunate and regrettable
in the extreme that any criticism of the
Harbor Commissioners should be neces
sary, but it Is my duty to declare that
the facts and circumstances in evidence
show the grossest favoritism upon their
part — a plain and evident intention to
give the entire business of the water
front to three favorites, viz.. Darby
Laydon & Co., the Slade Lumber Com
pany and the San Francisco Timber Pre
serving Company.
Practically the entire business of the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany for the last year and a half has
been with the Harbor Commission.
For the Commissioners It was urged
that they had a right to act arbitrarily
and capriciously if they chose to do so,
and Anderson vs. Public Schools, 122 Mo.
; 67 was cited as authority; but I cannot
accept the authority as In point. The
Commissioners are public officers. They
are paid by the public large salaries for
the performance of purely public duties —
salaries sufficient to enable them to give
their exclusive attention to the public
business. It is the duty of every public
i officer to discharge his trust with unvary-
I ing, straightforward conscientiousness,
1 and in so doing there is no room for fa
voritism or arbitrary or capricious action.
Opening of the Bids.
The Commissioners were advised by
their special counsel that they had lost
jurisdiction by not opening the bids upon
the day named in the notice. I am unable
to join in that conclusion. The Commis
sioners could not open the bids on that
day because the court had enjoined the
very act: but they retained their juris
diction of the matter by taking specific
public recesses from day to day until they'
could open the bids. The intention of the
statute in providing for the opening of the
bids on the day named in the notice is
to give the bidders an opportunity to be
present. That purpose is fulfilled if upon
that day the matter 1b continued to , an
other day certain.
If this were not 80, and the statute
were to be construed as mandatory, and
the board held to be without jurisdiction
after the day named In the notice, then
the State would indeed become a prey
to the pirates of the water front; for
nothing- would be easier than for some
one in the conspiracy to enjoin the board
at any time and thus oust it of jurisdic
tion, and so on ad infmltum till honest
biduers were driven off and the con
spiracy consummated. To so construe
the statute would be to rob it of its
force. There is no more reason for hold
ing that the board had lost jurisdiction
in this case, the matter having been
specifically continued to another day
certain, than there would be for holding
that a court in which an insolvency pro
ceeding is pending would lose jurisdic
tion by continuing a meeting of creditors
to another day certain.
An Omission in Bad Faith.
It was sa.d as another reason for re
jecting the bids that the specifications
were to be changed, but the changes ad
vised by the special counsel did not af
fect the previous set of specifications (the
set which had just been opened) in any
substantial or material manner or par
ticular; and the changes made by the
Commissioners (the third set of specifi
cations) did not affect the previous set of
specifications in any material or substan
tial manner, save to omit the treatment
of the year's supply of piles— an omission
which I have no hesitation in declaring
to have been in bad faith and made In the
interest of one of the favorites. I enter
tain no doubt tnat the rejection of the
lids was entirely without warrant In law,
and that the action of the Commissioners
is indefensible upon any ground.
The repairs of Green street wharf
found to be necessary remained to be
made, and the year's supnly of piles re
mained to bo treated, and the findiner in
respect to both matters still stands, and
ob a matter of fact the work must be
done. The measures referred to are pro
tective measures, and it is the duty of the
board to protect the State's property. To
talk about discretion to proceed with the
work or not in such a case is Idle. The
Commissioners would find themselves In
a grave Bituation if they were to refuse
to perform their clear duty. The law re
quires that the board shall advertise for
bids upon any work that exceeds $3000.
The piles to be used in the Green street
wharf are confessedly in excess of the
limitation; and the treatment of the
year's supply of piles is In excess also. In
emergency matters, within certain limi
tations, the board need not advertise, but
the board has no right to consider the
treatment of the year's supply of piles as
an emergency matter.. The public are en
titled to the benefit of the competition
procured by the invitation to all bidders
presented through a public advertisement.
Capacity of the Plaintiff.
It was said that the injunction could
not stand, anyhow, because the plaintiff
had no capacity, merely as a citizen, to
pros. cute the action; but in Santa Rosa ,
Lighting Company vs. Woodward, 50 Pac.
Rep., 1031, the court says: "It is not es
sential in an application in a proper case
designed to compel compliance with stat
ute law that the plaintiff must show ac
tual pecuniary interest."
Under the mandamus proceedings the
relator seeks to require the board to
award to it the contracts under the sec
ond set of specifications (the set opened
by the board) as being 'lie lowest bidder
thereunder and entitloti to the award.
The statute provides that the award shall
be to the "lowest bidder" and not the
"lowest .responsible bidder," as provided
in some of the States.
The responsibility, however, of the plaln
tiff in this case is beyond cavil. The
phrase "lowest bidder" seems to have
been designedly employed, because after
ward in the same section, in providing for
the leasing of premises on the water front
for the purpose of marine railways and
drydocks, the phrase "highest responsible
bidder" is employed, thus demonstrating,
in my estimation, that the omission of the
word "responsible" after the word "low
est" and before the word "bidder" was in
tentional.
Yet the Bids Were Rejected.
In this case the board had determined
that certain work wns necessary to be
done. Afterward, and pursuant to that
determination, specifications were pre
pared and published, and In due season
bids accompanied by certified checks came
In, all as required by law. Subsequently
the bids were opened and the plaintiff
was found to be the lowest bidder— more
than that, the plaintiff's hid was the low
est sum for which the work could be done.
The bi<]« were all rejected.
All authorities agree that the discretion
of a public officer, in a proper case, can
not be controlled: but where one has been
denied a right which it was the plain
legal duty of the officer to grant and
which he had no proper discretion to re
fuse, mandamus is the remedy. In thi3
State it is provided (Sec. 10S6, C. C. P.)
that "the writ of mandate must be issued
in all cases where there is not a plain,
speedy and adequate remedy in the ordi
nary course of law. It must be issued
upon affidavit on the application of the
party beneficially interested." The ques
tion, then, is whether the board had a
discretion to reject the bids, and, second,
i whether the plaintiff under the statute
I can be said to be beneficially interested.
Touching the rejection of the bids, there
is no doubt whatever that if there had
! been a fair exercise of discretion, as that
: the order had been rescinded and a re
] determination reached not to do tbe work
at all, or if it had been determined to
change the plans in material respects,
the board would have possessed plenary
power; but this was not such a case.
Arbitrary and Capricious.
The rejection of the bids was arbitrary
and capricious and in bad faith— was a
mere subterfuge to favor another. In
Santa Rosa Lighting Company vs. Wood
ward, 50 Pac. Rep., 1025, the plaintiff al
ready had a contract for lighting tha
streets of the city up to the Lrst day of
August, 1594. On July 3, 1894, th.c City
Council resolved to enter into a contract
for thite years from August 1, 1894, with
another to light the streets.
The formal written contract not having
been signed the Council on July 31 made
a temporary arrangement for such lights
as might be renuired. On November 17.
1 (; 94. the Council rescinded its action of
July. On May 14, 1595. a motion to shut
off the street lights was defeated. Since
July 31 ism, the Council had been audit
ing bills under the temporary arrange
ment—the effect being that the Council
had been making day to day contracts to
light the streets. Held that the proceed
ings showed that the Council had de
termined to light the streets, and in re
fusing to advertise for bids and in making
day to day contracts under the "tempo
rary arrangement" they were evading the
law, and mandamus was the proper rem
edy.
With respect to the plaintiff's beneficial
interest it was argued on the one side
that the lowest bidder merely has no
beneficial interest within the meaning of
the statute and i? not entitled to the writ;
on the other, that where the lowest bid
der has done all that is required of him to
be done, has lodged a certified check sub
ject to forfeiture and exposed his busi
ness to the public by the opening of the
bids in open board, he may L>e said to
have earned the contract.
In Keller vs. Hewitt ClO9 Cal., 146) the
relator had applied to the Boar# of Edu
cation for a teacher's certificate, and had
been examined and found entitled thereto.
Notwithstanding that finding, however,
the board arbitrarily refused to issue the
certificate. Held that the relator was
entitled to a writ of mandate to com
pel the board to perform its duty.
The Board Evading the Law.
Both of those cases are on all fours
with the case at bar. In the one it had
been determined that something should be
done, it was necessary that it should be
done, and it remained undone and the de
fendant was evading the law; in the other
the relator had done all that was required
of him to he done and was entitled to the
thing he demanded. The same conditions
obtain here: the board have determined
that certain work is necessary to be done,
and, in fact, it is necessary to be done,
and it remains undone and the board are
evading the law; and the relator has done
all that Is required at his hands, and his
bid Is the lowest bid and the lowest price
for which the work can be done, and he
is entitled to the contract.
These conclusions are decisive of both
cases. It Is therefore ordered in the one
case that the temporary restraining order
be made perpetual, and in the other that a
writ of mandate issue as prayed for.
E. A. BELCHER, Judge.
April 23, IS9S.
MORE PLANS FOR
FESTAL BOOTHS
A Hanging Garden the Latest
Idea Being Worked
Up.
Sales of Flowers Steadily Growing
end Promising Golden
Returns.
The plans for the proposed hanging
flower garden and restaurant for the fete
at the Mechanics' Pavilion a couple of
w*>oi;s to come tn behalf of the Masonic
Widows' and Orphans' Home are now
complete, and the designer vowed yes
terday that his idea was not only a feasi
ble one but was certain to prove an ex
tremely attractive feature of the fair. It
is proposed to serve light refreshments
in a bower composed entirely of flowers,
palms and ferns. There will be no risk
whatever, and the idea of viewing the
merry scene below amid such charming
surroundings is certainly a pleasing one.
Healdsburg sent yesterday nearly half
a carload of mountain lilies, a large num
ber of which were disposed of early yes
terday at the floral depot, 16 Post street.
Mrs. W. Frank Pierce, who has general
supervision of the ladies who are work
ing in the interests of the festival, said
yesterday that they were meeting \ith
great success in their endeavor to induce
the merchants of the city, restaurateurs
and others to take flowers regularly from
the depot. The Baldwin Hotel, the Cafe
Zlnkand, Mas.key' 6, Goldstein & Conn,
Waller Bros, and many others are al
ready daily patrons 01 the floral depot.
Berkeley has undertaken to send all the
flowers the committee can possibly dis
pose of on Tuesdays and Fridays, and on
Wednesdays and Thursdays San Rafael
will see to It that there is aii ample sup
ply. All the money spent at 16 Post street
goes directly to the festival fund, for the
flowers are all donateu and there is no
charge for arrangement or delivery.
The latest addition to the booths pro
posed is one where the creations of the
leading milliners of the city and coast !
wIU be on exhibition. It is promised that i
there will ue a voting contest in connec
tion with this booth, which will enable
the visitors at the Pavilion to determine
which is the most artistic confection.
The idea has been taken hold of enthusi
astically in the city and this will doubt
less be one of the most interesting of the
thirty or forty interesting booths.
On the opening night there will be a
chorus of a thousand children's voices,
the glees being Callfornian and national,
and later during- the festival there will be
a children's kazoo band. A chorus of 100
male voices is also promised, which will
be heard on three or four different occa
sions.
French Dinner To-Day, 25c.
All the good thlng-p. Including a bottle of
good claret, at the Kalston, 783 Market. •
FRACTURED SKULLS.
Two Men Seriously Injured Waile
at Work Yesteray.
F. A. Bradford, employed in Studeba
ker's store on Tenth and Market streets.
met with a serious accident yesterday
afternoon. He was on a large elevator,
lowering a new watering cart, when the
elevator tipped slightly over and the cart
struck him on the head. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital in an uncon
scious condition, and Dr. Bunnell found
that he was suffering from a fracture of
the lower jaw, Internal Injuries and a
possible fracture of the skull.
Frank Louie, a laborer in tne employ of
Warren & iualley at the cut on Polk
and Lombard streets, while at work yes
terday afternoon had his skull badly
fractured. A rock fell from above where
he was excavating and struck him on the
head. He was taken to the .receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon, and Dr.
Thompson expressed the opinion that his
chances of recovery were doubtful.
Want the Sewers Flushed.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Point Lobos Improvement Club
on Friday a resolution wan adopted re-
ADVERTISEMENT?.
4ESw TYQ QfYPT^T?
. ftM^^Wmi- GUARANTEES to cure every case
■|«?^^^l he accepts or REFUND THE
ql&^yip^gj MONEY, for the prices quoted be-
.llrunSslSE^ low, .including all medicines:
Catarrh .......$2O 00 1 Piles .......$2O 00 Kidney Diseases $20 00
Rheumatism 20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
Neuralgia ;....... 20 00 I Pkin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis .. , 30 00
'Sciatica 20 00 Diabetes ......: :...... 25 00 j Varlcocele 20 00
Fistula .........' ........20 00 Ulcers (chronic) ...\ 40 00 ' Stricture 30 00
A5thma'.'....:.:....'........ 2.100 Bladder , Diseases 20 00 Rupture :..... 40 00
-Gravel 20 00 | Bronchitis.: 20 00; Loss of Manhood .... 20 00
Consumption Ist stage... 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits ...*...... SO 00 I Gonorrhoea 10 00
Tape Worm :. 20 00 i Diseases of Liver 20 00 I Gleet 15 00
Dropsy '............... 30 00 1 Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00: . Frostatlc ' Diseases ;. ..:... 2000
Dyspepsia 15 00 I Salt Rheum ....... :... 25 00 Tumors; ' $50 to $200
Deafness : •• 80 00 ! Bright' s Disease ' 40 00 ! Cancer $75 to $250
I If incurable you will be told so, thus saving you time and money.
T MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. 'Diseased and "Weak from early lnaiscretlon and excess
In life : readily restored by the Neutralizing System. DISK ASKS OF WOMEN treated, by. an
entirely new and painless method. Those unable to call Inclose history and stamp for reply.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE
■ ; Hours 10 to 12 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7toB P. M. ; • Sundays 10 to 12 A. M. ■
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR j ST., ■JSSEETfc-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* GOODS!
We have just opened our
last shipment for this season
of HIGH NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS GOODS, and will ex-
hibit this week the choicest
variety of FRENCH and ENG-
LISH NOVELTlESevershown
in this city.
In the assortment will be SILK and
WOOL MATLASSE, FIGURED PIREOLAS,
CREPE CHEVIOTS, SILK and MOHAIR
FIGURED POPLINS, FIGURED MOHAIR
BENGALINES, SILK BAYADERE GRENA-
DINES and FIGURED CANVAS ETAMINES.
The above goods are on exhibition in our
show windows, and our customers are asked to
take advantage of this special offering of Ele-
gant Black Fabrics.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
nuesting the Board of Health to have the
sewers in the Richmond District flushed
with salt water from the mains of the
Olvmplc Salt Water Company; also re
questing the Board of Education to place
the schools in the district in a sanitary
condition or otherwise have them closed.
Alaska Cut Rates— First steamer direct
to Dawson leaves May 3. Few berths left.
Apply 46 Market street. San Francisco. •
ALL ABOUT A NICKEL.
Edward Cordes, a Butcher, Arrested
for B ating a Druggist and
His Mother.
Edward Cordes, a butcher living on
Twenty-fourth street, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a charge of battery.
He was released on bail.
The complaining witness Is Fred G.
Lindsey, a druggist In the store of Dr.
Hughes on Twenty-fourth street. He
states that people usi:;g the telephone in
the store had been putting plugs in the
receiver instead of nickels, and Dr.
Hughes Instructed him to personally see
that nickels were always put in. Yester
day morning Cordes called at the store
to use the telephone, and Lindsey asked
him for his nickel. Cordes refused to
produce it and struck Lindsey, knocking
him down. Lindsey jumped to his feet
and Cordes again struck him. Lindsey s
mother, who happened to be in the store
at the time, interfered to protect her son,
and Cordes also struck her.
Lindsey, as soon us he fot rid or the
infuriated butcher, went to Judge Joa
chimsen's court and swore out a warrant
for his arrest.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; w»
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. G & 7.
Fenders on Cars.
When the case of H. E. Huntingdon,
president of the Market-street Railway
Company, charged with violating an or
dinance by not providihg cars with proper
fenders, was called In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning the attorneys tor
the defendant raised the point that to per
mit evidence to be taken as to accidents
in the past would be an invasion of his
constitutional rights, as the ordinance un
der which he had been arrested had been
repealed by the recent ordinance. A long
argument followed and the Judge re
served his decision till Tuesday.
Fearless Reaches Port.
The tugboat Fearless, recently sold to
the Government, reached this port last
evening from Dutch Harbor. Captain
Clem Randall left that port on the 12th
Inst. In a bllndins snowstorm, and made
the run to Seattle in twelve days. Con
siderable rough weather waa encountered
and some distance north of Yaquina the
vessel met with a strong southeaster
■which lasted for twenty-four hours. The
run from Seattle was made in seventy
hours, which is but little longer than the
usual time.
' 88 SS !S 88 22 88 88 88 88 S2 ZS 88 ?8 ?8 SS 88 n
CASH OR LITTLE- AT-A-TIME. *3
•o . .. - n 1 S8
gg j jf|i|( )w- SEND FOR 28
a-/ I ■•flf/JtJf BOOKLET B
§ J^^Q "About Furniture" si
S I 23 * 51 *^ IT'S FREE. "
g Ladies' Desks. »
88 A Lady's Dcsk —
28 . Mahogany op birch — c«
28 Next week— s4.2s. c»
88 ■ 8
28 Before buying a dcsk — see our o«
•3 stock and get our prices. You'll save o»
S3 money if you do. ROLLER-TOP *°
S8 DESKS from $12.50 upward. »
SS «
g J. NOON AN, |
£ 1017-1023 Mission Street, m
£ Above Sixth. ~j
•° Phone South 14. Open Evening!.
!o?SBBSSBSSBSSSSSoSo?S3SBo?B2BBB2
jg^> FOR
TL i FINE TAILORING
MM& PERFECT FIT. BEST OF
fSPSI 5%^ WORKMANSHIP, at
W'Wf w 25 per cent Less than Other
ll - Tailors Charge, Go to
Iff JOE POHEIM
/ |s| All woo! Suitt to & I*) ,„ &nr
Iran Order from 4>lZ t0 ,J>33
lit Pants fron> ... $4 to $1 0
•J^v~~^&& 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St., -
1 1 1 0 and 1112 Market St. San Francisco.
POSITIVELY
TheXast Week.
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH 01 IP 0
PERSIAN Bill Up
B. H. PAUL'S entire stock, before his depart-
ure to Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT I P. M.,
At 106-10S Grant av<?., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
■ ' - ■ : N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
DR.MCNULTY.
T R^L7''i? : J' L OTVN AND RELIABLE OLtl
niJ^Ji f " rur " PrlvatP,NerToUB.Bioodaiid Skin
MMM of ,"°"" / - Manly Power restore.!. Over
*!!» M'xpe'euce. Send for Book, free, fatlenti
Sanv-a^V"?^ • "rms reasonable. Honr».9toB
tia^r'rVl ' 0to 1 " ll eVes. Sundays, 10 to 12. ConsulU-
tloufree and sacredly confidential. Cull oraddxesa
Ml/ P. ROSCOE IIeXVLTT, M. »., ,
B«3* ficaraj Btrcvt. San tVamci*c«« i «JL
■ " " T~ — TTHE CALL Sunday Edition
THE LATEST NAVAL WONDERS FOR DESTROYING BATTLE-SHIPS
INVENTOR HOLLANDS PROPOSED NEW SEMI-SUBMERGED TORPEDO BOAT.
This new mari r will be protected by being sunk four feet under the surface of the water. The small exposed portion will he surrounded with
[mentor Elolland declares that such a vessel will be practically irresistible and invulnerable because she will combine all
boat and a torpedo l-<.at destroyer, arid can also be used as a destroyer of torpedo boat destroyers.
INVENTOR HOLLAND'S TWO NEW SEA FIGHTING
MONSTERS, THE SUBMARINE TORPEDO BOAT AND THE
SEMI-SUBMARINE TORPEDO BOAT.
INVENTOR HOLLAND has • just
ith another ma
■ a
submerged torped
6 up and
y in an interchange
[uip
rr.r-nt and make-up is, therefore,
what difi"
This i I >s not
wholly disappear vi
the water, but is only semi-s
Just enough for what is consid
Bafety in a fierce sea :\ ght.
In both I . Mr. Holland's idea
■ ction
to g ■ striking distance of an
y's ship. In tii ■ submarine boat
tms : making an
attack from beneath the water, v.
rh^ i.s safe, becau In- 1
semi-submerged t . edo-boat part of
the vessel is protected by being sunk
four feet under the water. The small
exposed portion is surrounded with ar
mor at least as heavy as that on the
armored cruisers of the present day.
President TV. H. Jacques of the Hol
land Torpedo-boat Company describes
the new semi-submerged torpedo-boat
as follows:
"We all know how difficult it Is to
adequately protect a ship with armor
even by a most careful distributii
weights. The semi-submerj
presents a type in which you can ar
mor BUch parts as are necessary.
armor, because you
have : to a minimum the parts
expo:-- ing submarine
qualii , lof a boat
that will do this, as you well know
there is ■ •• in exist
ence to-day that will meet these condi
tions.
"In such a craft you can get close
up to your ship and fire the torpedo
into her, while an ordinary torpedo-
THE SUBMARINE TORPEDO-BOAT BEGINNING THE DIVE.
I boal will bo pimply rlddied and sawed
: into pieces bj rapid-fire ammunition.
Further, ;i submerged armored torpedo
boal will be able to get so near her
target that by greatly reducing the
she will eliminate many ■
vantages of the present 1"! ;^ ranges
required '■■:■ the Whitehead torpedo.
Again, >• giving ;i well-dtecip
lined crew a chance to do something,
! for their quarters will be infinitely more
comfortable than those they at pres
eni occupy in the torpedo-boat. They
will have a feeling of Bafety which
they do not now enjoy, and they will
. know that they will land their tor
■ lose ci ough to blow up the shi?».
". y uch a craft may be compared with
:•■•: •■• automobile torpedo, one of suf
; size to carry a crew and yet
possessing not only similar automatic
i for controlling the position, but
ng them supplemented by direct
hanical ones under the direct con
j trol of the brain of man.
"Such a boat will be practically ir
resistible and invulnerable; will even
resist the attack of heavy ordnance,
and is a type that it will be impossible
: t«i avoid."
Inventor Holland proposes to build
of these all-around fighting sub
marine machines as follows: A vessel
220 feet long, 24 feet wide and draw*
U feet of water. Its displace
ment will be 1000 tons; the engines
will have 10.000 or 12,000 horsepower
and develop a speed of twenty-five
knots. The armored superstructure to
t the smokestacks and oompan
onway is to be between 30 and 40 feet
long and 10 feet wide in the middle, the
being made half round The arm-
Ist of four large rapid
fire guns of 10 or 12 pound caliber in
revolving turrets. The armor will be
••is heavy as the vessd can carry, but
not less than 12 inches. When light
the superstructure will be only 15
inches above water in the middle; in
action it will be covered by 4 feet of
water, and the guns will be but 5 feet
abeve the water line.
Such a boat as this combines all the
qualities of a torpedo-boat and a tor
pedo-boat destroyer, and can also be
as .i d( stroyer of torpedo-boal de
stroyers. Not only this, but it can
move fi ::.-'. Bsly right up within
torpedo range of ■■ line of batt le-shipj,
which can only train their rapid-fire
guns upon the Little craft, and the pro
jectiles from such guns will strikeharm
lessly upon the heavily armored super
structure, if they could hit so small
a target as the vessel exposes when in
action.
THE news which come? from New
York of the successful trials
made by the Holland submarine
boat has set men considering
Beriously the possibility of u;-inp
this terrible weapon of offense in the
war which now seems inevitable.
. Naval experts of course are divided
on the question, they always are when
ever any new instrument of destruc
tion is introduced. The more conserva
tive shake their heads gravely and
dwell on. the many limitations which
natural law imposes on submarine nav
igation; the younger and more enthu- I
siastic members of the profession make !
light of these difficulties and claim that
we have here a weapon which, in dead
ly effect, will outrival even the torpedo.
And we know from sad experience what
terrible destruction can be wrought by
even one torpedo or submarine mine.
As a matter of fact, we are all in the
dark as yet as to what may or may not
be accomplished by a submarine tor
pedo boat. We know little enough about
the behavior in real warfare of vessels
which maneuver on the surface, and it I
remains to be seen what those moving I
in the depths will achieve. All we know,
so far, is that the Holland boat has
proved herseif able to travel for several |
A LITTLE DEEPER.
miles under the water, to riso and sink
at the will of her operators, and to dis
charge a torpedo at a target. She pre
sents no target at which an e»emys
quick-firing puns can aim: sho is prac
tically Invulnerable, and naval science
has not yet devised a means of defense
against her attacks. So that if any
Spanish vessels come within her range
She may, under favorable circum
stances, revenge the loss of the Maine.
The Holland boat was tried at Perth
Amboy, N. J., last month, and sub
jected to four severe tests. While run
ning full speed she was submerged by
simply filling her tanks, reappearing
' gradually after traveling some distance
under water. In addition to her capa
city for submarine work, the Holland
can make a good tight on the surfajc .
! She can lire an aerial torpedo contain
ing 100 pounds of guivotton for a dis
tance of a mile. Also she is supplied
with three 18-inch Whitehead torpe
does, fired from a tube under water.
Further, there is a submarine gun at
the stern, designed to fire a projectile
five hundred yards through the water.
When on the surface she is propelled
by gasoline engines, when below elec
tric storage batteries do the work. Hor
izontal rudders regulate the depth to
which the boat is sunk, but to be kept
under water she must be constantly
moving. The boat is 55 feet long by 11
feet in diameter, and it is claimed that
she can run for fifty miles without
coming to the surface for breath.
So far, the Holland boat promises
well; but the main question is. Will the
conditions favorable for the use of a
submarine vessel ever occur in real
action?
That is the whole point. The world,
or at least that portion of it which is
looking anxiously forward to the
I Amerieo-Spanish conflict as^a means of
solving many unsolved problems in
naval construction, watches with in
terest for the first real trial of the boat.
A trial under merely peace conditions
does not count. The enemy must be at
anchor and at not too great a distance
ALL UNDER WATER; ONLY THE TIPS OP THE FUGS SHOWING.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
from the coast, the water must be com
paratively smooth and clear, the tor
pedo must be discharged with absolute
accuracy. The slightest breakdown in
the delicate machinery, the slightest
NEW SUBMARINE BOAT HOLLAND AS SHE APPEARS ON THE SURFACE OF THE WATER.
Sketched from a Photograph.
COMING UP AFTER THE DIVE.
mistake on the part of the officer In
command may spoil everything and
doom all on board to a terrible death.
i Continued on Page Twor.ty-alx:18
T try g eneral de^ 19 clearly
try for Bome«a
I out Spain just no o£ all
I evidenced at the » libra rie3
-*- the large cities ia* demands
have been so pestered placed all
of the P^ l V«nVto^our {dends> the
the books la^° here the people
enemy." on sh ,\ for themselves,
can Pic* them out^for « constitute 3
The kingdom of bP western
what might be «*£•» reac hes do^n
arm of Europe, fn^LJgm Africa. It
and almost touches nortjer^ three
ls a true peninsula, Medite rrane-
Sdes by the the Atlantic
an the Bay of Biscay a neck o£
Ocean, and b> of Gi^
land to France. TbeS of lt3
raltar, cut from the s^ com .
Bouthern extremity, com Mediterr a-
S* {f V^^roi-ned and g ax-
SS-V^S* Britain.
Spain Is a monarchy founded by the
union of the lio-uses of Aragon and Cas
tile during the fifteenth century. She
has been ruled intermittently by the
houses of Aragon, Bourbon, Savoy and
Hamburg for 400 years, except once
when Joseph Bonaparte was proclaim
e <j Kinp; by his brother, the Emperor
N:ifi>>lt j i>n and rmee when the country
was B republic, during 1873 and 1874.
The house of Bourbon are in power at
present, although its supremacy is op
THIS IS THE "HOODOO CENTURY" IN SPANISH HISTORY; DURING IT SHE HAS LOST NEARLY ALL HER VAST POSSESSIONS IN NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICA AND THE END IS NOT YET
THE present century ha 3 been the
most disastrous in Spanish history,
when the loss of the most precious
Jewels in her crown, her territorial
T-npst'ssions, are considered. The
chances are that the year 1900 will
see her stripped of ::11 her 'land outside
her ancient homestead lying betw.een,
posed by the CarHsts, who claim a
bar sinister interferes with the purity
of the descent. The present King is
Alfonso XIII, who, however, is but 12
years old, and whose mother, Maria
Christina, is the regent of the country.
The present constitution of Spain was
proclaimed in 1876. It proclaims the
government to be a constitutional mon
archy, the executive resting in the
King, the power to make laws "in the
cortes of the King." The cortes are
the Pyrenees and the seas, and which
she recovered from the Moors after
such a hard struggle before Columbus
(]i:-iipvered America in 1492. That dis
covery gave to her almost the whole of
South America and much of North
and Central America. Every island
of. th.c West Indies group pf any
THE SAN FftANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKTL 24, 1898.
WHAT SPAIN
HAS LOST
all TAfFDIW'O T**ll ZIT LI HI/ET
HMIKJCS I nAI tiivfy
■ ■■^^ifeSi-IPPEb FROM /k
importance floated her flag. For cen
tu>ies f.hf drained these couimi'js of
every bit of revenue, just as of late
years she has drained Cuba. In the
days of her might and glory she ruled
over some of the widest and richest
possessions in history. Then gradually
these possessions began to full away
from her, just as Cuba and the Phil
ippine Islands are breakup away to
day. Mostly these possessions were
lost by successful revolutions.
The present nineteenth century has
been the most disastrous in Spain's
eventful career, and in all the long
Btriiig of one hundred unlucky years
each of which could be relied upon for
support In time of war. Any Spaniard
above the age of 19 is liable to be
called upon to serve in the permanent
army for three years. From this part
of the army the soldier passes to the
actiw reserve lor three years' service,
and from thence to the sedentary re
serve for six years' service. By paying
1500 pesetas any one may escape serv
ice.
The colonial army requires every
able-bodied subject to serve eight years
in the various reserves. Thus most of
the King's subjec „ are militiamen, and
it is estimated that in time or need
Spain could easily mobilize an efficient
army of 1.083,595 men. The standing
arnv numbers about 70,000 men, al
though recent levies make thi . num
ber nearer 100,000. Spain's navy is like
wise capable.
Most of these ■ essels have a normal
speed of 20 knots and several, notably
the Viscaya and the Maria Teresa, ex
the decade between 1820 and 1830 was
the most unlucky to her. The year 1800
dawned for her with the loss of prac
tically the whole of the Mississippi val
ley. This great slice in North America
cut from the crown was followed by
the loss of smaller- strips of territory
in South America. Between IS2J and
W^f^ o *^ Ws%&s \1
ceed this rato. Spain also has a num
erous tleet of torpedo-boats and tor
pedo-boa, destroyers. Her fighting
navy is manned by 1002 officers, 9000
marines and 14.000 sailors, bes.-es about
1000 mechanicians of various kinds.
This is in fact the army, and this the
navy which will protect the beautiful
Spanish cities which have known less
change since the days of the Moors
than almost any other in Europe. Spain
is not after all, a modernized nation
in the sense that other nations are
modernized. Her people are governed
by the s- irit of Quixotism that caused
Isabella to pledge her jewels SO that
Columbus might start westward; that
caused Ferdinand and his consort to
move their throne chairs "r> to the very
walls of the Moorish strongholds that
the example might incite f.e chivalrous
bravery of their followers; that caused
the houses of Urna and De Leon to
pledge their estates that the Moors
mi^ht be driven >om the Alhambra.
1830 revolutions sputtered and exploded
all along the Pacific slope of the Andes
and with every explosion i T-tes like
Bolivia, Venezuela, Paraguay, Colom
bia, lUttKUay. Argentina, Chil*, Pe^u.
Guatemala and Mexico dropped off into
independent existence.
Some of them went by purchase, but
most of them by force of arms; In
either case Spain found herself too
weak to hold on.
The sixteenth century saw Spain the
richest, the most powerful and most
magnificent nation on the face of the
earth. The twentieth century is likely
to see her among the lowliest.
IEXCITING LIFE NOW
on the
TRAINING-SHIP MARION
Bods of the Naval Battalion Preparing
Themselves to Fight for Their
Country,
THE boys Of the Naval Battalion
are eager for war. And further
ihey are ready for it.
Most Of them are spending- all
their time on board of the old
Marion that is now tied up at
the Folsom-street wharf, and at any
lay some of them can bo
Qg the intricacies of the
drill. .\t;.l even at night lights can bf>
through the port hr>le3
of the Id v< ssel indicating plainly that
. board studying the art
of naval war.
Never in all the history of the naval
:' the State militia has there
• aestness shown by the
>ers. Ordinarily it is a good at
GROWING
OSTRICH FEATHERS
THE people of Los Angeles have
me so accustomed to the
that the largest and,
in fact, the only successful os
trich farms in America are
within a few minutes' ride of
the city that it does not impress them
more, and beyond mentioning the
farms casually to visiting friends, as a
means of passing a half day pleasant
ly, they seldom speak of them, and
many of the residents have actually
never visited them.
They are, however, a most interest
ing feature of this section for tourists,
B visit cannot fail to impress upon
ih- great courage and enterprise
it has tak.-n to get such an enormous
establishment into such a flourishing
condition, the business being such a
precarious one.
At first it was all risk and no com
pensation, but of late the percentage
of losa of eggs by breaking and young
birds by <!• ath has been greatly re
l, and after thirteen years Mr.
Edwin Cawston, the owner, can begin
liculate with some degree of
tainty what the profits will eventually
be. He has now 300 birds, being
plucked annually, and the value of the
feathers ranges from thirty to forty
per bird.
The farm at S.>uth Pasadena is ad
ibly arranged, both for the birds
rs. The entrance is
through the feather salesroom, where
the display is somewhat irresistible to
Hi-- ..man. If she with-
Is its temptations on the way to
is lost '>n tht; way out,
through it again on
The grounds of the farm are divided
Into a number of corrals, large and
• of the large ones there
over a hundred of the younger
i them over -iuhteen
1 the obliging attendant
them oranges until some of the
•■. at ;< time on thn
do n their long throats, and as
■ t larger than the
iry diameter <>f thf-ir throats, the
corruj ■ •' produced was >'xceed
iy. Anything they can get
their beaks is disp<s<<i of for
□ ;: gimlet was swallowed by
them s"ine time ago without any
:e.
j ung ones Been to be fairly
I, but they are not in the
i ol man or of anything thai
•h' ground, for they realize
the ; one weapon, the
large toe, with which they can deliver
a frightful kick forward and at from
three feet from the ground. As
they < an do no execution closo to the
ground, a mnal] dog is an object of
great fear, and one whic-h is trained
for the purpose was s Ot into the cor
ral to .iiiv.r them about Tiny tore
frantically round and round, at a paca
thai would try a good horse, and as
they held their heads very gracefully
and their feathers spread and ruifl- <1
with the wind, it was really a beauti
ful as well as strange sight, although
tendance if three-eighths of the mem
bers show up for drill. Now there 19
seldom a man absent and it can safely
be depended upon that his absence is
caused by sickness. The applications
for membership are now so great tho
officers cannot keep track of them. But
the complement of the ship is full and
no others can ioin n<> matter how eager
or desirable they may be.
"We don't expect to be sent to the
front." said one of the youngest mem
bers last drill night, "but we are ready
and willing to go."' And the way thia
sturdy young fellow emphasized his
words left no doubt as to his earnest
ness.
"You see," he went on, as he polished
Individually, when quiet, they are not
in the least attractive, even when in
full plumage.
Some of the birds became so much
excited that they executed a most pe
culiar waltz movement, whirling around
and around as if crazed, as 1 suppose
they were, temporarily. The fence
around the large corrals is quite high
and substantial, although they say it
is entirely unnecessary, for it would
be impossible to drive them over a
barrier a foot high — they do not seem
to be able to estimate heights, and if
positively forced to cross a board a
few Inches high they will leap wildly
into the air as far as possible; they
are so heavy, even when young, that
they cannot rise from the ground very
far. and the matured birds weigh over
two hundred and fifty pounds and
stand about seven feet high.
Another of the large corrals had a
large number of the brown young birds,
from six months down. It is very
easy to tell iheir age, as they grow
one foot a month for the first six
months.
The small corrals have each a pair of
the fully grown birds, and in one of
them the hen was setting on the nest,
which is simply a hole dug in the
ground by the male. He also does the
larger part of the setting, being on the
nest from 5 in the afternoon until 9
the next morning, and giving her a rest
of an hour at noon also. It has so far
been impossible to find a successful in
cubator, although they have experi
menter! with many and are about to tiy
a new on?. It would save even a
greater percentage of eggs than an or
dinary chicken incubator does, for in
addition to the fact that the birds will
lay a great many more if they do not
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SI T XDAY, APEIL 24, 1808.
the broech of one of the old CO-pound
ers, "we are not real men-o'-warsmen
in the technical sense of the word, but
I tell you the boys on board this old
craft can give pointers to a good many
men who have been at sea for years.
They are all completely wrapped up in.
naval study and are all full-blooded
Americans. We love our country and
we love our ship, and there ain't a man
among us who is afraid to fight.
"Of course this recent trouble has
kind of roused us up, but we have al
ways felt just as we do now. America
is our native land and we are ready to
fight any other nation who dares af
front us. Why, I really believe that if
word came to us that an enemy, in the
shape of some big ironclad, was coming
toward the Golden Q»te and there was
no other defense but this old wooden
ship every man aboard would glad
ly jump to his place and sail out
to fight. And even if he knew the
chances of his coming back were rather
slim."'
To see just what interest those young
men take in their work at the present
time it is only necessary to be down on
the dock any morning just before the
hour for beginning drill. You can even
go half an hour before the appointed
time and find them all there. And what
a multitude of employments they are
have to set on them, many of the
eggs are broken by the weight of the
ostriches.
All of the males in the smaller cor
r;ils (which have and require stronger
fences) are very fierce and dangerous,
roaring out angrily at the least dis
turbance. Some of them have worn
the feather completely off their breasts
in dashing at the fences in anger at
the teasing of visitors, and one of them
a short time ago, being enraged at an
other male bird which he could not
reach on account of the alley running
between their corrals, turned and at-
tacked his mate and killed her.
There were some rather pretty "lit
tle chicks" of six weeks, about the size
of a turkey, that were running around
in an alfalfa patch and picking up their
living, but. of course, it is not practii -
able to furnish ranges for the larger
ones, and they are fed chopped alfalfa,
beets, corn, etc., with sufficient gravel
to enable them to grind up the food
properly.
The plucking, which takes place once
in nine months, is a most alarming Dro
cess for the birds, as they are driven
into a pen and blindfolded while the
larger feathers are rut off and the
smaller ones which are "ripe" are
pently pulled out, but it is not in the
least painful. In fact, it is to the in
terest of the owner not to injure the
feather sockets, for if that is done the
feathers will never grow i_. again.
The body feathers are shed naturally
once each year, and picked up about
the corrals, and only the large wing
and tail feathers are removed by hand.
The slvrt feathers of ili>' fully grown
male bird are black, and the wing and
tail feathers white, but the poor hen
has to be satisfied with a dismal gray
all her life, :tnd her feathers are of a
much poorer grade also. All of the
females' feathers, and a large portion
of the males', are dyed, for all of the
very long ones are white, and the de
mand for black feathers is greater than
for white.
All of the black ones are also dyed
black, which gives them a very fine
color, much deeper than either white
or gray can be made. Every feather,
when ready for use, really consists of
from three to five feathers, carefully
spliced together, and in the case of ex
treme length, such as Knights Temp
lars' plumes, even more are used.
engaged !n. Some are cleaning and pol
ishing guns, some are practicing the
manual of arms, while others are en
gaged in study. A few can nearly al
ways be seen practicing in the rigging.
It is each one's plan to see hh f '\v quick
he can reach the main truck. And a
most exhilarating exercise this is.
Standing on the deck and drawing a
long breath the young seaman makes*
a run at the rigging and iumps about
five feet from the deck before he
touches it. Moving as rapidly and as
noiselessly as a monkey he seems to
slide up to the lower top. No "lub
ber's hole" for our naval reserve sailor.
He slides over the o-utside as easily as
if he were only a few feet from the '
deck. Standing on the top for a
brief instant he seizes the rigging and
commences to climb again. Up he goes,
passing one yard after another, until
he stands on the topgallant royal and
then commences to climb the mast. At
last he is on the main truck, where all
the world seems to swim beneath him.
But our seaman does not get dizzy.
He simply stays aloft as long as he
wishes and then begins the descent.
This takes less time than the ascent,
for he "slides" a goodly portion of the
way and the last stage of the journey
is made down one of the back stays.
It might seem as if such a bit of ex
NOBLE TITLES
IN LOWLY PLACES
GOING home one night very late,
or rather not very early, for it
was along in the "wee 'sma'
hours," I stopped into a cafe. The
man scrubbing out the place was
the only one about; even the barkeeper
was not in evidence. As he handed me
the bottle and glass he asked me:
"Will you take it neat?"
The "neat," the intonation and the
voice made me look again at the man.
He was tall and fair, but it must be
confessed, both ragged and unclean.
I am an Englishman myself, and
knew in an instant that that intonation
was liable to belong to but one class
o-n the other side, where either a man
is a "gentleman" or he is not. I drew
the man into conversation and asked
him however he came to be doing what
he was. Knowing me to be a country
man, he told me of himself.
It transpired that he was a Cam
bridge man, son of a man who had been
raised to the rank and title of baron
for his services to the Government.
"Yes, and I am the eldest son," he
said, "but I shall have drunk myself
out of the way I hope before my turn
comes to the name and the estate."
Over and again his father had paid
his debts and got him out of drunken
scrapes. Despite the entreaties of the
mother and sisters he was given his
passage money to America, with the
understanding that so long as he re
mained in America $50 a month would
be regularly paid to him, but if he re
mained in or retimed to England he
must shift for himself and by himself,
for his father would have nothing more
to do with him.
He came to San Francisco, changed
his name slightly, and once a month
for a few hours is a rich man. and pays
up the 50-cent and $1 loans which he is
so fortunate to secure during the other
twenty-nine days. For his bed and
food he scrub? out the second-class sa
loon where I found him.
His case is not the only one. Seldom
does it happen that the real "sprig"
divulges his identity; it is the "would
be" who boasts of his connections.
Pride of race and name is part of the
man, as much as eyes and ears, and
ercise would consume considerable
time, but such is not the case, for many
of the boys have been timed and it has
been ascertained that they have made
the trip in less than three minutes.
It is safe to say that few men in our
modern navy can duplicate the feat.
The naval reserve men are drilled in
every branch of work on shipboard.
They know how to splice rope in all of
the mysterious knots dear to the old
seaman's heart, and can handle sail to
perfection even in a gale.
In the ship drill each man is allowed
to do pretty much as he pleases, but in
the artillery and musket drill they are
handled in squads. The musket drill
is little different from that of the in
fantry of the regular army, but the
artillery is. of course, purely naval.
There are two kinds of artillery. The
big guns mounted on the ship and the
small rapid-fire guns that are used by
landing parties when taking a city.
In handling the big guns the Naval
Reserve boys are compelled to work
hard. The guns are heavy and so are
the ramrods and sponges as well as
the '"sham" loads of powder. This drill
never last long, but when it is over the
boys are pretty well warmed up.
The rapid-fire guns are, of course,
lighter to handle, but . the movement
must be quick, and as it is very in
tricate requires the closest attention.
In these drills the guns are sometimes
taken ashore and handled on the dock.
At such times the maneuvers make as
pretty a sight of the kind as it is pos
sible to imagine.
After all the drills for a certain day
are over the boys prepare to enjoy
themselves on shipboard. The cooks'
galley is opened and a big meal of sea
fare prepared. This is spread in the
cabin, where all are sure to partake
heartily. If the weather happens to
be the kind the boys want they lower
the ship's boat and go for a long sail.
But they never leave the ship as
long as there is any branch of the ser
vice they can practice on.
That's the reason they are ready and
willing to go to war.
DR. GEORGE KEARNEY of the
City Dispensary staff is a bache
lor. His interest in babies is there
fore purely professional and ab
stract. From a purely professional
standpoint he objects to the preva
lent custom of dressing babies — the way
thpy are dressed tlu>se fin de siecle days.
"Short babies were never made for long
clothes," he says, "and long clothes ought
not to be marie for short babies. These
Kate Greenaway girls, I believe they call
them, and these sailor boys, arc- very nice
to look at, but their quaint costumes vio
late the essential rules of health.
"Unhampered limbs are necessary to
the health of babies and small children.
Babies don't kick around just to be kick
ing. They do it instinctively just as they
laugh. Something is wrong when a baby
does not kick. Bright babies kick and
the more they kick the brighter they are.
"Kicking develops strength and pro
motes circulation. Sawing 'the air with
ihe legs exercises the stomach muscles
and all the other parts of the body. If
you go to a skilled physical instructor
he will put you on your back on a rub
ber mat and make you kick around like
you used to do in the nursery, that is,
provided you did not have a foolish mother
who swaddled you up in long clothes so
that you could not kick.
"Give a child plenty of leg room and It
will do the rest."
There are 2750 languages and dialects.
The world has about 200,000 postmasters.
All the land above sea level would not
fill up more than one-third of the Atlantic
Ocean.
when he cannot keep up his name de
cently he drops it.
Another man I knew, son of a Scotch
divine and a branch of one of the
proudest old families of Scotland, of
whom one of the peasants on the estate
said:
"The Queen did well to get her daugh
ter married to an Argyle."
Highly educated, polished, handsome
In the way young Scotchmen often are,
tall, slender, with the "bonnie blue
een," he had been sent out for the good
of the family. There had been a scan
dal, a woman's name mixed up in it.
He had a wife and two children, and
just simply went abroad. He receives
a monthly allowance, but makes a good
deal by writing. His curse is drink.
One day in a store a lady dropped *«.
parcel in front of him. He was more
than half seas over, but a casual ob
server would not have noticed it. He,
however, knew that if he stooped he
would have difficulty in regaining the
vertical.
"Will you pardon me, madam," ha
said, "but the doctor forbids my stoop
ing. Heart out of order."
Poor woman; she looked at him so
sympathetically, and was about to tel!
him of a sure cure, but he got out of the
way.
He will never return home, and hai
signed over everything to his son, a boy
of 6 years.
A certain German princeling, how
ever, is made on another model. He
gambled away his money and came out
here to get rid of his creditors. What
could he do to earn a living, for eat
and drink and sleep he must? It hap
pened that in the town on the other
side where he found a temporary asy
lum before sailing there was a doctor
with a large family. One son was in
the army and must have his allowance,
but no "dots" were to be had for the
daughters, who were thoroughly educa
ted musicians. It was really a godsend
to one of the doctor's girls when the
young man with the title proposed to
marry her and forego the "dot," saying
they would seek their fortunes together
in the haven across the sea.
They did, and the gratitude the girl
still feels t<~> him for marrying her
without a "dot" I suppose helps to keep
her happy while she supports him by
giving music lessons.
1920
CHARACTER TOLD IN THE SHAPE OF THE HAT THAT YOU WEAR
Here Are the Stones Told of a Number of Well-Known Men by the Little Machine That Reproduces the Shape of the Head Around the Equator of the Cranium.
ONLY four in every one hundred
heads of men prove to be well
balanced in form, and these four
are not perfectly balanced, but
lark symmetry in a slight decree,
bo that it is fair to state that ninety
nine heads out of every one hundred
are out of balance.
This means that Just thi proportion
of men have some eccentricities cor
respond in; c; to that portion of the brain
which is defective.
We are all endowed with two lobes
of brain, the right and left lobes, In
dicated by letters II and L in the il
lustrations. It is generally believed that
the lobes arc identical in size, surface,
curvatures nd indentures, but such is
not the case. Rarely do we find a
head that is balanced and where both
lobes are the same.
There is a machine invented for the
purpose i if reproducing the shape of the
head around the equator of the crani
um, as the dotted line shows in the first
illustration, an.l when *.hus applied the
results are astnnshing.
The straight dotted line through the
center of these charts made by the ma
chine is the line indicating the center
of the cranium, dividing the right and
left lobes, while the mark "X" shows
the forehead.
Crai.iologists claim that a man re
ceives the Ideas of others and impres
sions from the external world with the
left lobe of the brain, but originates
and forms ideas with the right.
Judging from th>- Buccess ;n life of
Mayor .T mes I>. Phelan, his head ought
to be perfectly alanced, but it is not so.
The left lobe "f his brain predominates,
consequently he learns quicker than he
can originate. His head is a lone; one,
show'.ig that h" makes calculations on
"futures" rath' r than the present.
One thing very marked in the forms
of heads is a certain mark or national
ity or race. Those of Irish extraction
invariably have square foreheads, in
dicating leadership. Mayor Phelan's
head shows this plainly.
Those of German extraction have a
larger posterior brain than forehead.
Showing that they enjoy pood food and
drink, and also a trait of generalship.
A Jewish head shows a large, round
ing forehead, well proportioned with
the bark of the head, straight on the
Bides, showing th"ir philosophical ten
dencies and their moral force.
Chris A. Buckley, J he Democratic
politician, has a head quite well bal
anced, ins large forehead shows his
mathematical methods of getting the
right man in the right place and gen
eralship in roundiiiL- up his forces.
Large development on the side of the
head Indicates tenacity with a love of
power and influence, leadership, with
ability to hold together the forces he
organizes. He is also 10-ig-headed and
builds bridges before he crosses
streams.
The head of Attorney W. W. Foote is
one of a different type, it Bhows Ger
man descent by th.- large posterior sur
face. The small forehead Indicates that
he wins by his tenacity and what is
more by his magnetic power which is
furnish-d by the large p..st,:i,, r brain.
This givs him a wonderful person
ality. The side of the head shows his
love for good viands and wine, and
should make him a -hall fellow well
met." He has a large brain surface
when considered as a whole, showing
him to be conscientious, with, a keen in
sight into hidden motives.
W. H. Alford of Visalia. the chair
man of the Democratic State Central
Committee, has a long head, and the
left lobe is the largest, indicating his
susceptibility to another's ideas while
the large bump directly back of the
left ear shows where his fighting qual
ities come in for their maintenance and
success.
Steve Sanguinetti's head shows at a
glance that, as a caterer, he has found
the vocation for which nature Inteqded
him. His well developed sides of the
head indicate his love of g 1 victuals
and wine and his desire that others
Should likewise enjoy the good things
of life.
Isador N. Choynski Is the father of
Choynski, of pugilistic fame, and also
an editor. His head is uncommonly
large and well balanced, showing by the
large forehead and straight sides the
philosophical tendencies of the Jewish
raoe and the force of moral convic
tions.
Rabbi M. 8. Levy's diagram is very
well proportioned. It shows a bump
on the right side, which indicates a
tenacity to the policy he once decides
upon and a continuity of purpose.
The head of Professor Bugene S. Bon
neli is of the long clasp, indicating sent
iment, taste and intellectual capacity
in keeping with the strains of har
mony which he is so capable of im
parting to vocal aspirants.
County Clerk C. F. Curry is also
•
troubled with a large left lobe of the
brain, indicating a greater receptivity
of thought.
In Judge Conlan's diagram the lobes
are almost evenly proportioned. The
square forehead marks his Irish de
scent.
His colleague, Police Judge James A.
Campbell, has a different class of head,
resembling that of a pear in form. The
sides of the back part of the head are
large, indicating athletic tendencies,
love of sport and "fair play" in an en
counter in the "manly art." It also
Indicates love of power and influence
and a desire to maintain the good opin
ion of his associates.
The head of \\\ s. Harn»s, the Dis
trict Attorney, is likewise a large one,
fairly well proportioned, well balanced,
philosophical and equal to much men
tal labor.
The outlines of the head of W. H. T.
Durrant were made in 1895. His head
is of the long class, square forehead,
the left lobe is largest and the large
development above the left ear indi
cates wantonness ami destructiveness
Induced by exterior suggestion, not
from any premeditation on his part,
but capable of such when force of sud
den circumstance makes it imperative.
This is so indicated because the right
side of the head is nearly straight.
E. C. OETSINGER.
A little fellow, talking to one of the
boys at the Decatur Methodist Or
phans' Home a short time ago, said:
"You boys seem so happy out here
I'd like to stay with you always, but
my folks are so healthy I'm afraid I
won't be an orphan for some time yet!"
—Atlanta Constitution.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APIUL 'J4, 1898.
DEALS IN PEOPLE'S BRAINS.
Major Pond of lecture fame relates some of his most interesting experiences with famous people during
the past twenty years.
IT is sometimes better to make |
mnnoy with other people's brains ,
than with your own. At least this
is Major Pond's experience. During
tho past twenty years the gallant
entrepreneur has been a wholesale
dealer in other people's brains, and the
successes he has met with would make
even a returned Klondiker's mouth
water. The gifted author, the social
>r political celebrity, has a marketable
value as a lecturer nowadays, and it
is Major Pond's business, by means of '■
the elaborate organization he has at
his command, to find an outlet for that
commodity.
"I only travel with big people," said
Major Pond during his recent visit
here, "men such as Marion Crawford,
whom I am now running. The small
fry of lecturers, of whom we have hun
dreds on our list, are supplied from our
bureau at New York. Any country
town which wants to enjoy a lecture
can choose whom it will to entertain
them, and we will supply the article
at a given . price, varying, of course,
according to quality.
"Yes, I consider Marion Crawford to
be the biggest lecture success of the
year. You see, he is such a good
spanker, and so many people have read
his books. A man like that don't want
any advertising; people just flock to
hear him wherever he goes. Yet,
strangely enough, Crawford's first tour
in the States four years ago was not
a success. He did not lecture then as
he doe,s now, but read extracts from
his books. Crawford is not a good
reader, and the thing did not go."
"Then you find lectures are more
successful than reading*?"
"Not always; it all depends on the
pors'in. There was Charles Dickens,
the greatest reader we ever had on the
platform. Then Mark Twain and James
Whitcomb Riley have both made great
successes reading from their own
books. And last year I took lan Mac
laren, the famous Scotch writer, "ii an
eight weeks' tour through the States.
He reads extracts from his own Kail
yard stories In the most delightful
way; it would make you weep to hear
him. Of course the Rev. John Wat
son, as a Presbyterian minister, is a
trained speaker, and his Scotch accent
is very slight, not strong enough to be
disagreeable. Maclaren is great busi
ness; at every place we had to turn
crowds away."
The major's estimate of the worth of
the author is based on a simple rule —
on his or her drawing power as a lee-
turer. Yet he insists that, besides be
ing famous as a writer, the author
must be able to speak or read well.
"I have never known but one in
stance," he said, "of a literary celebrity
succeeding on the platform unless he
really could lecture. And that was
Matthew Arnold. No one could hear a
word he spoke, yet the halls were al
ways full. People just went for the
Bake of seeing the great man. And. on
the other hand, it is very difficult for a
celebrity to attract audiences unless he
has already achieved literary fame.
Take the case of Peary, for Instance.
He is a famous Arctic explorer, his
name h;;s resounded all over the coun
try. Also he is a charming speaker;
yet he did not draw well, just because
he has not published a book about his
adventures. Xansen, who is not near
ly so good a speaker as Peary, attract
ed big audiences; his reputation was
made by his books.
"No, the report that Nansen's tour
■was a failure was all wrong. His sea
son \>as cut short simply because of a
disagreement with his managers. If I
had been running him I would have
brought him to this coast.
"My first big success, " went on the
major, growing reminiscent, "was Ann
Eliza Young, the apostate wife of
iJrifiham Young. That was in 1*73. i
took her East to Washington, and her
lectures created such a furor that in
forty-eight hours the anti-polygamy
law was passed. But the king of all
lecturers was the temperance orator,
John E. Oough, whom T managed fT
ten years before his death. His energy
waa marvelous, and altogether he de
livered 9600 addresses to an aggregate
audience cf mne million people.
"The Rev. Henry "Ward Beecher was
the greatest success I have ever trav
eled with. For thirteen years I took
him around, and we coven <1 over 300,000
miles in our Journeyings. The aggre
gate sum taken at his lectures amount
ed to a quarter of a million dollars.
Why, in this city, in 1878, he cleared
$16,000 for four lectures."
Major Pond is very fond of talking
of Beeeher. a fact which Is hardly to |
be wondered at when it is remembered i
that he has traveled farther with him
than with any living man. One of his
stories about the preacher's caustic wit
is good enough to bear repetition. They
were traveling once in a railway car,
and by strange contrast Robert Inger
■oUi the famous atheist, happened to
be among the passengers.
Beecher wrote. two words on the edge
of a newspaper, and then gave the
major a sly nudge.
"I have written Ingersoll's epitaph,"
he whispered. "Here it is: 'Robert
Burns.' "_
Another one of Major Pond's anec
dotes relates to the celebrated actress
Charlotte Cushman, whom he met long
before the days of managerial success.
The major was. but a call boy in a Si.
Louis theater when Charlotte Cushman
was at the zenith of her brilliant career.
Part of his duty was to carry the ac
tress' jewels to and from, the hotel.
On the last day of the engagement, he
fell ill. when Charlotte Cushman, with
kind thoughtfulness, hunted him up
and gave him a $20 gold piece.
"It was the first $20 gold piece I over
earned," says the major. "Long after
ward I met Cushman in Boston, and
gave Her $1000 for one entertainment.
"When I paid her, I told her it was the
interest on that gold piece." *■
■ Another of the major's favorite . lec
turers was Stanley,, whom he piloted
I during the season of 1890-91. "I gave
Stanley $110,000 for 110 lectures, and
made nearly as much money as he did.
So you can see what a great draw the
great African explorer was. Besides
which, he was a good speaker, his lec
1 tures averaged $2780 each. In this city
his first lecture brought in $3400, his
second $6200."
The- major has the monetary
value of every famous lecturer figured
out almost to a cent. He knows just
what it will pay him to give any one
for a tour. Beecher he paid $300 to
$1000 a lecture, dough from $250 to $500,
and "Wendell Phillips about th> same
price, Of later celebrities lan Mac
laren ranks 1 the highest. He received
a fixed sum of $500 a lecture, and Major
Pond would be Quite willing to renew
the contract on the same terms. An-
I thony Hope comes lower at $200 up
ward, and at one time Max O'Rell, the
French critic, commanded the same
; high terms.
■ Latterly there has been a slump
in Max O'Rell's value. "You see," ex
plained the major, "he has been lectur
. ing for three years now. and has passed
the zenith of his success. 1 would not
care to give more than from $100 to $200
for his lectures. In my opinion o • of
the most successful of Am ri-an au
thors on the platform would be W. D.
Howells. The trouble is that Howells
cannot be induced to lecture; . be ob
jects to the traveling.
HAVANA'S
LAST CIGAR
A special correspondent of The
Call tells how Cuba's magnificent
cigar trade has been completely
ruined by the present war.
HAVANA, April 21, IS9B.— For
nearly two years Cuba has not
raised enough tobacco to sup
ply the island. Tobacco planta-
tions, like the sugar fields. Ue in
ruins. For want of tobacco the cigar
factories of Havana are nearly all idle.
Factories which formerly employed 500
men now employ only fifty. Where
200 Cuban girls used to make a living
at rolling cigars, only twenty are now
at work. The industry is at the point
of death.
Who is responsible? First, Weyler;
second, the Cubans. The captain-gen
eral said: "Thou shalt not make ci
gars." The insurgents replied: "Then
we will destroy the crops."
From the palace in 1896 came the
famous decree forbidding the exporta
tion of Havana leaf tobacco. In the
field followed the burning of the crops
and stored tobacco by the Cubans. A
petition has been recently sent to Cap
tain-General Blanco, asking him to re
voke the decree of his predecessor. His
answer was an emphatic "No."
What actuated Weyler to forbid the
exportation of Havana tobacco? First,
the captain-general, always ready to
adopt stringent measures, believed in
good faith that manufacturers and
dealers in the United States would buy
up all the tobacco in Cuba, and conse
quently oblige all the factories in Ha
vana to close. In this his belief proved
well founded. America.n tobacco deal
ers hastened to buy up all the tobacco
they could get before the decree took
effect. And, of course, all the factor
ies in Havana put up their shutters.
Second, Weyler knew that the Cuban
cigarmakers in Tampa and Key West
each gave $1 a week from their wages
for the cause of Cuba Libre. To pro
hibit the export of tobacco, therefore,
would throw these Tampa and Key
West cigarmakers out of employment
and deprive the insurgents of that im
portant source of revenue. Conse
quently, in the Florida cigar towns
there were soon hundreds of idle, half
starving Cubans.
Third, Weyler was a gold grabber. Ho
loved to make money. He made it.
He was a millionaire when he left
Cuba. lam told that this famous to
bacco decree netted him a fortune.
Many so-called American tobacco
firms exported BeveraJ thousand bales
of tohacco in spite of General Weyler's
prohibitive decree, under the pretense
that it was the outcome of diplomatic
transactions between Washington and
Madrid. l»ut the real secret in the af
fair was that Weyler by charging com
mission on every bale exported gra
ciously gave permission for shipments
to be made. Thus Weyler made money
as he waged war.
The province or county of Vuelta
Abajo is, or rather was, Cuba's prin
cipal tobacco center. It might have
been called Cuba's Klondike. But to
day every tobacco plantation in Vuelta
Abajo is in ruins, abandoned. The di
rect cause of this wholesale destruction
was Weyler's tobacco decree. All the
farmers, farm hands, dealers and per
sons directly or indirectly engaged in
raising or dealing in tobacco had hith
erto been sacred to the insurgents; all
tobacco property was respected, in di
rect contrast to sugar plantations.
No sooner was Weyler's decree known
In Vuelta Abajo than the rebels
changed their tactics. The sacred plant
was attacked with fury. Over 400,000
bales of tobacco (approximating 40,000,-
000 pounds) were destroyed in 1896 and
1597 in Vuelta Abajo, and the war on
the weed continues to the present day.
In 1897 very little tobacco was gath
ered, representing not one-tenth of the
normal crop. Even this small percent
age was grown in the yards of houses
in well fortified villages; and in the
much-talked-abnut Zonas dt^ Cultiv..,
which were designed by General VWy
ler for the planting of vegetables for
the unfortunate reconcentradoa,
It will take at leant twenty years be
fore Vuelta Abajo can again be in as
flourishing condition as in January,
1896. Not even if the war should come
to an end could it regain its former
wealth in a shorter period. Whole vil
lages and towns have been destroyed,
and SO per cent of the population hag
perished. Even genuine autonomy
would not much benefit the tobacco
trade of Cuba, since Spain is under ?<>
many obligations to the Compania Gen
eral de Tabacos, a monopoly in that
country, from which the Government
derives an enormous revenue. Abso
lute independence alone can help mat
ters.
The condition of things in the cigar
factories of Havana could not be more
hopeless. Here is a statement made
by the head of the leading cigar fac
tory one year ago: "In the depart
ment devoted to the preparation of raw
tobacco we employ 500 men and 2"
men. Average daily production
pounds. In the cigar-making depart
ment we employ 200 men and 100 wo
men. Average daily output 1,000,000
cigars."
All the best Havana cigars are ex
ported. Havana itself must be con
tented with a second-rate smoke at a
first-rate price. Half the cigar stands,
formerly flourishing, are now boarded
up. Half of the cigar .stands still do
ing business are stocked, very meaerer
ly, with a genuine lot of poor cigars.
.Moreover, a leading New York cigar
manufacturer, now in Havana, tells me
that half the cigars sold here and in
the States as "clear Ilnvanas" are
made of Virginia tobacco. The raw ma
terial is sent direct from Virginia to
Porto Rico. At Porto Rico it is re
packed and shipped to Havana as na
tive Porto Rico tobacco. In Havana
native Porto Rico tobacco from Vir
ginia is made into cigars and sent back
to the States as "dear Havana*. '
The natives here are unanimous in
their opinion that the Cuban cigar in
dustry is doomed. Their opinion is
founded on the faots just given. It
looks entirely probable that in a few
months this city will have on exhibi
tion, draped in mourning, a curiosity
labeled "Havana's Last Cigrar."
GILSON WILLETS.GOING THE ROUNDS WITH THE CITY-MISSIONARY
THE city missionary and I alight
from the Ingleside car in the
dust of a genuine country road,
and make our way slowly
through turnstiles and along
footpaths to a broad and shaded ave
nue, which would !"■ beautiful were it
nol that one side >>f it is a. glacial
precipice of whitewashed wall— a bar
rier built by Bociety I tween adjudged
offenders against its laws and those
who have been fortunate enough not
to offend or to have escaped convic
tion.
To meet us comes loping a tall young
fellow, with a figure of an athlete, and
a fresh, smiling, well-featured face.
"We were on the lookout for you,
sir," he says, raising his battered hat
as he reaches us, and instantly reliev
ing Mr. Tubbs smarting hands and
aching arms of their load. And then,
as he strides on before us, I notice,
with a queer little shock at my heart,
that one leg of his dusty overalls is
bright blue ar.d the other a yellow
brown.
I came out here to City Prison No.
2 for the express purpose of seeing a
portion of Ban Francisco's prisoners,
and I know, now that I have noticed
his garb, that he is one of them, but
that frank face and those honest eyes
seem strangely out of place in such a
livery.
Before we reach the office I discover
that it is only the outside working bees
in this hive that wear these diversi
.i. aims. The others, no matter
what fashion of garment covers the up
per portion of their bodies— and they
range from the unobtrusive and insuf
:: undervest to the nattiest of top
wear trousers of wide black and
irish gray stripes, which, running
■ndicularly, give , the impression
that a universal characteristic of these
sinners against society is the possea
i abnormally long and slender
legs and a general Brownie-like per
sonality.
I have not been a guest oi the place
many minutes, however, before I con
that the unhandsome lower gar
ments are really a very good thins, for
a modest glance downward prevents me
from making mistakes embarrassing
both to myself and my new acquaint
ances, since, In the hou City
Prison No. 2 it would be difficult, if
Impossible, to distinguish the sheep
the goats were it not Tor th
that the goats are thus branded.
And this Is not at all uncompliment
ary to the sheep, mind you. It ;
that the officers and guards look like
.cis, but that the prisoners look
so confusingly iike honest men; and
most of them are, for that matter, for
these trusties, or "trustees " as they
call themselves, preferably with a large
emphasis on the final syllable, are se
lected from the better class of offenders
and have rarely done anything worse
than get into a contest with alcoholic
liquors, in which they were badly out
classed, or mildJy disturb the peace in
other ways.
I am tiLk<*n on the usual tour of In
spection and find everything clean and
well managed, though the grated win
dows and striped legs cast a gloom over
my spirits. I don't even care for tlu
excellent lunch, though the festal board
is bright with flowers and an ideally
• and attentive waiter stands be
hind my chair. The flowers were grown
in a prison garden, the sunshine that
brightens the room sifts in through i'.*.n
bars, and my waiter doesn't get any
wages and can't jump his job because
of a paucity of tips.
Lunch over we go out into the ro
tunda, the real prison portion of the
establishment, and after we have
1 at the the temporary
hospital, the cobbler and barber shops,
and all that, the obliging turnkey lets
us thiough the tall iron fence which
"f cells and their
corri I n the rest of th>- ;
and when he locks the door behind us
the real business of our visit begins.
A small stand minus one leg has been
>rth in the lower corridor by some
of the trusties, likewise a rickety chair
f ■■:• the especial use of "tne lady." A
pile topped by a second
hand brown Derby hat— a promised gift
to a prisoner whose "time-" is nearly at
an end— is placed on the impromptu
pulpit, which is tenderly supported at
or.o corner by a trusty's hand, and a
brief service begins.
Opposite and above us are rows of
i posed "f ;t wide-meshed lat
tice work of mm, though strong enough
to keep giants in, does not keen out a
single intrusive g : trusties.
guards or visitors. Against nearly
every one of these are lounging iigures
Of men and youths looking out at us.
with real interest, some with
mr-r-Iy idle curiosity, others with ag
gressively emphasized expressions of
amusement or ennui, and a few with
though quiet scorn.
Tt is noticeable that it is mainly the
younger ones who assume the attitude.-:
. nics and scoffers, and it is also
President Station of Princeton Discuss the Present and Era and Second-Class Men
PRINCETON, April 22, 1898.— 1n
the beginning of our conversa
tion, I quoted to Dr. Francis L.
Patton, president of Princeton
University, what a noted French
writer said recently — that he re
r ■ ting so much time on the
dead languages when he might have
• himself in German and
h i that he could appreciate
the literature of those languages.
Dr. Patton said that the study of
Greek and Latin was not alone valua
. II gave us of a
ue, but for the mental train
ing that it gave.
"What we remember of our studies
is not alone what has been of use to
'-.•■ said. "The study of Greek and
the faculties and trains
Every time a boy grasps
the meaning -if a complicated Latin
ence he has brought into activity
tighest Intellectual powers. When
ce racks his brain to find the
• ■ for a Greek word he re
and freshens his English vocab
ulary. J believe that Latin and Orenk
are not always taught in the most at
tractive way. lam not surprised that
a boy who .studies Greek or Latin with
a dictionary in his hands finds it cry
and uninteresting. If he were per
mit !-<i to go ahead and read the classic
works which he is studying his knowl
gramm&r would be acquired
gradually.
"It can be said in favor of the study
of Greek, too, that if one is seeking a
knowledge of grammar the Greek
jgranimar, is as. perfect an . examnla. ,»«
noticeable that at the sound of the
missionary's deep bass voice singing
"Loving Kindness" a respectful silence
settles down upon all within hearing
and continues, with few and quickly
frowned Interruptions, until the in
formal "talk," which constitutes the
rest <>f the service, and contains much
friendly advice and warning, and is on
the whole helpful and hopeful, is over.
Then comes the distribution of the
papers, ajid I learn as we make the
rounds of the cells what, in the esti
mation of the inmates of City Prison
No. 2, are, outside of mental pabulum,
the two greatest needs of imprisoned
humanity. They are stamped envel
opes and spectacles. From nearly
every cell comes a plea for the first,
and dozens of men beg for those aids
to vision with which, in a cheap but
apparently highly satisfactory form, I
find that the experienced missionary's
pockets fairly bristle.
"I want to write to my mother" —
"HE CURIOUS FACES OF THE PRISONERS APPEARED AT THE WICKETS TO THE CELLS AND THE MISSIONARY BEGAN HIS SERMON TO
THE STRANGE CONGREGATION.
that is the cry all up and down the
lines. "She doesn't know that lam in
here and she'll worry about me."
One, of mere original turn of mind
than his companions in detention, de
clares that it is his grandmother
whom he desires to apprise of his
whereabouts, but not a prisoner states
that he wishes t<> communicate with
his father or any male relative, or
a wife. I notice, however, that while
printed matter is distributed with im
partial genen.-sity. stamps and specta
cles are bestowed with nice discrimina
tion.
"A stamp will buy a cigarette," ex
plains the missionary, "and spectacles
are sound currency also. I have t<> be
careful." But knowing his work and
his men, I d<>ubt if he leaves unsup
plied a single prisoner who really needs
either.
The "hypo ward" is nearly full and
the row of wretched, tremulous, chalk- ;
faced creatures stretch out eager, in
sistent hands to us as we pass, and ad
dress us as "brother" and "sister" in i
ho will find. As to the man who said
that he has found his Latin and Greek
of less value that the modern lan
guages, I am sure if he were
ng the Romance languages —
French, Spanish and Italian— he
would find his Latin of great bene
fit, because these languages are de
rived from the Latin directly. But any
•if the modern languages be could pick
up In a comparatively short time, and
with the expenditure of little effort, if
he chose.
"The question of substituting the
study of the modern for the dead lan
guages is Btill In controversy, but I be
lieve that the movement la losing in-
Ste id of gaining strength."
Speaking of the amount of matter
studied which the mind stored up, Dr.
patton said that man's mind was like
ly t < « retain what was interesting to it
of what it studied or read.
"In reading Tennyson," he said, "I
may put by in my memory the lines
that I think are worth remembering.
The others I am willing to forget as
soon as I have read them."
"Speaking of Tennyson," I said, "is
it not remarkable that this generation
has not one great poet?"
"It is a fact," said Dr. Patton. "We
are left to choose between Williara
Watson, who poetizes on poetry, and
Rudyard Kipling. Not that I would be
little Mr. Kipling, for I think that if
he ever becomes serious, he may still
do something worthy. In tact, he has
done something recently which seems
to bear the mark of inspiration. Hi*
recessional was the literary feature of
the Queen's Jubilee. Thousands were
striving for something worthy of the
occasion, and Mr. Kipling seemed to do
without effort what all the others had
failed to accomplish.
".But, It ia not altogether surprising:
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 24, 1898.
the effort to impress on us the melan- i
choly fact that they are our spiritual
poor relations and thus have a genuine
claim uj.un our good offices.
Someway I shrink from that line of i
waving, claw-like digits, and retreating
proceed, after the manner of my kind,
to ask questions of a deferential trusty
concerning matters which are really
none of my affairs. He tells me briefly ;
—perhaps truly— of himself, then blazes '
into a sudden and fierce indignation
when I well-meaningly suggest that he
be circumspect in future and after the
law's present grasp on him is released
that he behave so uprightly as never
again to ten t ant a prison cell.
"What chance has a man got?" he
demands. "He gets run in here and
then when he gets out the police have !
their eyes on him and if he don't get |
work right away he gets run in again .
as a 'vag.' or else gets something worse '
blamed <>n to him. The police drive us \
to the jumping off place and that's the ;
gallows, ma'am!" |
I am glad that Brother Tubb beckons
me to rejoin him at this moment. Some
way, in the subdued light that fill, rs
in through the barred windows the
man's fare looked to me like that of a
hunted, wounded, helpless, but still fe
rocious animal, and such an animal,
however much one may pity it, is
neither pleasing nor desirable company.
I trot along obediently after my clergy
man thenceforth— l must needs trot in
order to make even a pretense of keep
ing up with his energetic footsteps—
and I see many things.
I am shown the regulation "points
of interest" exhibited to all visitors, I
Buppose, but nothing of it all has in' it
anything of brightness or beauty or up
liftingness, save and except that which
I see unbidden— the sturdy friendliness
Of the man who conies each week to
cheer and help, as far as In him lies,
these "shut-ins" of the law and the
grateful spirit in which, with few ex
ceptions, his good offices of speech and
deed are received.
I traverse the dark central corridors
and behold on either hand the "peep
that we lack a great poet. This Is an
age of second-class men. When Bis
marck and Gladstone have pas^ I
away, what really great man will be
left? The periods of greatness in lit
erature or statesmanship are recurrent.
The Elizabethan ago was a marked pe
riod; the early Victorian era gave us
many men great in statecraft and lit
erature. We have fallen on a barren
time now. Augustine Birrell phrased
it very well when he said that the only
men who had anything to say were sci
entists, and they did not know how
to say it; and the only men who knew
how to say anything were the literary
men, and they had nothing to say."
I asked Dr. Patton if he believed
there was a decadence in literary taste
caused by the enormous output of
trashy, commonplace books.
"There is no doubt of it," he said,
"though the taste for more seric-us
reading lias been fostered in a great
many ways, notably through the uni
versity extension movement. That the
ratio of readers of good literature has
changed for the worse I am not pre
pared to admit Of course the char
acter of serious literature has changed.
We have a more instructive literature
covering the range of philosophy, of
political economy, of the sciences. The
serious literature of to-day is much
more serious than that of the last gen
eration."
"Is it possible to lay out a course of
reading for any class of men, or for
men in general?"
"No. Every man must choose his
own mental diet. The library of a man
is the outward expression of himself.
I can imagine nothing more trying than
to set before a man even the most per
fect anthology ever cwnjplled. Think of.
holes" through which the guards, un
seen themselves, can at any time com
mand a full view of the interior of each
cell, and I am told that this despicable
arrangement is necessary to good pris
on discipline. Perhaps it is, I am only
an outsider and cannot be expected to
understand such matters, therefore I
do not argue the question; but I know
in my heart that it would not make me
better either in act or disposition to
look at or be looked at by my fellow
creatures in this way.
Later I see the prisoners form in line
and march down in Indian file to their
dinners and the sight reminds me of the
dreadful procession of Lourdes, only
these are all men or youths and their
deformities and diseases are of the
mind and not of the body. Each car
ries a tin cup and spoon, and finds
awaiting him on the desk-like tables
which make the long dining hall look
grotesquely like a school-room an ob
long tin pan of stew, three or four
potatoes as yet unjacketed and a small
loaf of bread.
"We can have more If we wish," I
am told confidently, and since this
seems to be considered a cause for con
gratulation I openly and decidedly ap
prove. : v^-f . •
Upstairs, as , we go out, ,we meet a
rather handsome young man with a
slight limp, who flushes at sight of me
and flushes more deeply still at the
missionary's rough but kindly meant
words. ' .
"All of the prisoners here,". he says,
sententiously, "are not criminals; some
of them are only fools. This is one of
the fools."
I make inquiries of the fool concern
ing the particular piece of folly which
made him an' unwilling boarder at the
city's expense, and shamed him with
the fashion of his lower garments, and
I learn that he is one of the "exam
ples" which gallant Judge Campbell
made for the benefit of men addicted
to the reprehensible practice of "sass
ing" feminine bicycle riders.
It is but a step across to the female
prison, and we find the females— quite
undertaking to read as a duty the full !
list of 'the best 100 books' prepared by
any one."
Recently Chauncey M. Depew said in
an interview which I had with him |
that he believed the college-trained !
man had an advantage in business over !
the man who was self-educated. I
asked Dr. Patton what his personal
observation on this subject taught him.
"The self-educated business man who
has been successful, not alone as a !
money-maker, but as a leader of men," j
he said, "is a man gifted with an ab- l
normally large brain. It is not always |
the good fortune of the sons of rich !
men to inherit that advantage of their
fathers— ln fact it is the exception. \
Therefore the ass .mption of some sue- !
cessful men that their sons will be :is
well prepared for business life without |
a college training is based on wrong |
premises. There is no doubt that col- '
lege training prepares a man for the i
big things of life better than any home !
training or plain business experience, j
all other things being equal. It gives
him a broader view and enables him to j
see the inter-relation of things— to un- ,
derstand that nothing stands by itself.
'1 can see only one drawback— l can
fancy the university man may object
to doing the ordinary duties which be
long to the apprenticeship of business I
life. I can imagine him being a little
'cocky' about beginning at the bottom
of the ladder. One of the humorous
papers expressed the idea better by a
cartoon than I can give it in words i
perhaps. It pictured two old gentlemen j
In conversation, one saying to the other i
that he had just taken his grandson i
into the business; and in reply to a
query as to how the arrangement
worked, he said: 'I seem to please
him.' "
I asked Dr. Patton, i£ a university..
a number of them — expecting us sealed
on three or four benches, in one of the
large cell-bordered rooms, before a
stand and two chairs deferentially
awaiting our arrival. They are mostly
middle aged and old women who have
elected to praise God in our company
this afternoon, at least they look so,
though there be not a few who have
neither gray hair nor many wrinkles.
There is one small person in a red
wrapper, and a cream-complexioned
little body weighted down with an ag
gressive black eye in the greenery
yallery stage, who might pass for
young in other surroundings, but here
they look almost as old as sin itself,
poor things!
Queer, isn't it? but nearly every in
dividual one of these daughters of Eve,
secluded though they are from the
admiring gaze of man, are either in the
bud or the full" bloom of frizzes, and
one of them has her locks twisted in
that abomination of abominations, a
"tea-pot handle," on the very top of
her imprisoned but still haughty head. !
Indeed, "art for art's sake" flourishes
here, or is it only an outward and visi
ble sign of woman's inborn desire to
outshine her sisters, that makes them
worry their locks when they might be j
giving them the rejuvenating rest I
which our Judges have decreed they
shall themselves experience?
There are twenty-five out of the sixty '
inmates who have chosen the better j
part to-day, and they listen with real
interest to the Bible reading and the '•
short discourse, and assist with more
or less tuneful voices in the singing of j
the hymns. Brother Tubb may talk,
perhaps, a little above their heads, but
it is plain that they like him heartily
and that his words and his manner give '
back to them a little of the self-respect, ;
the loss of which brought them here.
Just before the dose of the meeting
a woman brings in an enormous bou
quet and lays it with a courtesy on the
table before the missionary, and the en
tire congregation straightens up in its
seats as one woman and smilingly
unites with its representative in the be- 1
training helped a boy to "find himself"
more quickly than ho possibly could
while he remained under the restric
tions of home life.
"Undoubtedly," he answered. "We
can observe that in the contrast be
tween the home students — those who
live in Princeton and come here to
school — and the boys who come a thou
sand miles to live here during the
term."
I asked Dr. Patton what degree of
liberty should be allowed to a student
at college.
"The investment of the student with
the franchise of his manhood is a slow
process," he said. "Here at Princeton
we stand toward the student in th 3 po
sition of the parents or guardians at
Least we feel that to be our duty.
Therefore we keep careful watch and
ward over the young men who come to
us., and if we find them becoming ad
dicted to any vice we at once notify
those who have sent them here. Wo
want to know where the student sp- nds
his time and how he spends it. And it
is "in the possession of this knowledge
that we find ourselves able to main
tain the morale of the college itself.
"In his home the boy is surrounded
by walls of paterna/iism. When he
reaches college he finds he is compar
atively independent. The freshman
finds in his new independence an op
portunity sometimes to take a big
loaf, and often he finds too late that
he has lost his year. Perhaps this
teaches him a lesson and in the end is
a benefit, but we constantly strive
.against this in the first year, because
that is in a measure the crucial period,
the one in which the undergraduate
gains unhampered his first lesson in
the life of the world.
"I think it is not the province of the
college to do aught which would not
stowal of the offering. I am as noth
ing in comparison with Brother Tubb.
and not the smallest blossom falls to
my share, but there is one tenderly
sympathetic heart beating behind the
regulation blue and white calico, and it
is owned by a pleasant-faced woman
whom I have observed, out of the cor
ner cf my eye, surreptitiously eating
peppermint lozenges behind her hymn
book at intervals during the service.
To me she comes as soon as she can
decorously leave her seat and presses
two of those aromatic confections into
my grateful hand.
"You are more than welcome." she
says, beamingly, as I strive to express
my thanks.
Soon Kate Gallagher — "Kate, the
Window Smasher," Kate, whom long
suffering policemen freely call "Kate
the Cursed" — separates herself from
the eager group who are besieging their
generous visitor for the much-desir. >1
gifts of paper, stamps and "glasses,"
and adds herself to the two or three
who have gathered about my chair.
"Look at them beg," she says, hold
ing her still handsome sr.'nv-rrowned
he, id loftily high as she gives it a com
prehensive wave toward those of whom
she disapproves. "I'd rather steal
than beg, and I'd rather go without
than do either."
Two minutes later she corners the
good brother herself and makes a re
quisition for a dress waist, declaring
that because of certain acts of the ju
diciary she has been unjustly deprived
of two of these necessary adjuncts to
the feminine costume.
• 1 had two fine ones at the laundry
when I loft town," she states, "but
they are lost to me, and the one I
brought with me is gone to nothing.
When I leave off this thing," plucking
at the blue and white wrapper scorn
fully. "I have nothing but my skirt to
go back in, and I'll go back in it, mo,"
this threateningly, "unless something is
done to make up my loss to me."
I express a wish that pome of my
garments would fit her, and she folds
her arms majestically across her deep
encourage the broadening 1 of the mind,
the ability to grasp the affairs of life
in a large way, to consider the world
on a basis of wide scope. I think the
modern tendency is in the direction of
promoting: all these things, and it
seems to me there is no agent so pow
erful in this regard as the training
which one receives in college. It is
folly to say that college life is not ben
eficial to any one. This must be borne
in mind: It is not so much what we
learn in college as the training of the
mind that is received, the ability to
concentrate thought that is imparted.
It seems to me that nothing is more
Impossible than that the mind of a man
who has picked up his knowledge in a
desultory way shall be as valuable, as
resourceful, as the mind of the man
who has received the benefit of college
training.
"'This is the liberalism of student
life. In this way college equips a man
for whatever his life may be when he
goes into the world. Too many people
fail to distinguish between liberality
and uprightness and narrow-minded
ness. Broad-minded liberality is an
evidence of enlightened progress. "We
believe that in Princeton. We try to
impress II upon the minds of the un
dergraduates."
"Is the religious spirit among the
students strong?"
"Despite the assertions that are
some times made, my observation im
presses me with the fact that the un
dergraduate is no less religious than
he was. On the contrary lam inclined
to believe that the thoughts inspired
by a religious feeling and a tendency
toward the things that are of religion
and exist in every day life are more
pronounced. I should say that this is
largely because of tha atmosphere of
bosom and looks at me fmm head to
foot as if I had just occurred to her.
"You're far too little," she says, suc
cinctly at length.
Kate has a tine figure of her own,
barring it is a trifle too generous about
the waist, and a dress must be planned
on large lines to <!■> ber justice, but
she wins a vague "I'll see what I can
do" from her captive, and then re
leases him to accompany me on my
tour of sight-seeing through the buDd
lng.
I see it all from the kitchen to the
"dark cells," which are not dark, in
which refractory prisoners occasion
ally spend a few meditative hours.
"There are no very hard cases here,"
says the matron, "just drunks and
small offenders, and they behave pretty
well generally, but they will quarrel
among themselves, and then we have
to separate them, of course, and punish
the one who is to blame."
Some way the place, with this excep
tion, looks very little like a prison.
Blue and white wrappers have a cozlly
domestic appearance, and are often
worn in the most respectable of fami
ly circles, therefore they have not the
same depressing effect on my spirits
as the striped trousers have, and, be
sides, women adapt themselves to cir
cumstances better than their brothers.
"Some of them come back over and
over," says the matron, a trifle wear
iedly. "They seem to look upon it as
a home rather than a place of punish
ment, and the regular hours, the plain
but sufficient food, and the enforced
abstinence from liquor of all kinds are
really beneficial. It seems more like
a sanitarium to them than a discipli
nary establishment."
And really, why, since modern
thought recognizes that drunkenness
and crime are diseases, should it not
be so?
It is dark in the Broadway Jail, even
though the hand of the house painter
has tinted the walls of tho courts of a
light and heavenly blue. The bars are
heavy, the cell doors are of solid black
iron and the faces which peer at us
through the small oblong holes therein
are nearly all of them shadowed by an
xiety or foreboding. This is a place of
uncertainty, for here persons accused
of the graver crimes await their trials,
or being adjudged guilty take their de
partures for the grimmer prisons,
■where sentences are measured by terms
of years or by life-times.
Here, as elsewhere, the missionary's
coming meets with a warm welcome,
but here the coveted gift, outside of
reading matter, is not. spectacles, but
candles. Most of these men are young
— God pity them! — and their eyes are
good, but it grows dark early in the
box-like cells. "And when one cannot
sleep well," says one mournful-eyed
man. not so long since a successful
lawyer and politician, now accused of
embezzlement and transformed Into, a
human football to be I :bout
from court to court, '"the nights are
very long."
It reminds me of weird materializing
seance? to see these pallid hands — -all
the prisoners' hands seem to bo pallid
here — waving about in those dark
apertures where hands and faces may
not, In the nature of things, appear at
the same time. When the hands are
withdrawn and the faces take their
place the effect is ptill more unearthly,
for the human face, the eyes and nos*
and mouth, entirely separate and dis
tinct from hair and ears and neck, pre
sents a rather ghastly picture against
a background of midnight blackness.
Four little boys are playing in one
corridor, one of them a wee little fel
low with the merriest of blue eyes and
a Jolly dimpled smile. Ferocious burg
lars these, I am told, and I try to shrink
from them on principle, for heretofore
I have looked at burglars in almost the
same light as deliberate murderers,
since it generally requires only a trifle
of Interference 'with them when en
gaged in their professional capacity to
change them into the latter.
I can't summon up a shiver at the
sight of these small chaps, though, and
soon they gather about me and tell me,
in loud and interrupt,ive boy fashion,
their several stories. Naughty boys
they are by their own confessions, but
ah, the pity of it, that children such* as
these should be locked into the com
panionship of men accused, and many
uf them guilty, of shameful crimes,
learning to make of them their heroes,
their confidants and friends!
The missionary holds no service, save
one of good will, emphasized by an oc
casional handshake, here to-day, so
our visit is brief. Devine, the burg
lar, calls to us, however, as we are go
ing out
■Won't you say good-by to me?" h©
asks. "I've got ten years, and am going
up right away.' He laughs as he
speaks, but it is a laugh not pleasant
to hear.
"I was lucky." he declares, with a
swagger whin is directed straight at
me, "ten years isn't so long — I shall be
out again soon."
•The same old thing, probably," he
says lightly, and then his face clouds.
•What else Is there for a man like me?
A man who has done time once must
do time till he i
FLORENCE MATHESON.
the college. The environment of the
undergraduate at Princeton is natur
ally of that nature. Religious duties
are not forced upon them and nothing
is done to make the truths- of that na
ture disagreeable. The students all
pat her in one chapel and attend the
one service, and I am free to .say that
they form a very appreciable congre
gation. They arc young men of intel
ligence and they give evidence of it. I
think 1 have never seen the time in
. c life when the undergraduate
was of so high a standard morally and
physically as at pn -
"Is the physical development inter
fering with mental?"
"It should be borne in mind at all
times that the physical man should
develop at an equal pace with the
al. Therefore, I say I see noth
ing harmful In college athletics. As a
matter of fact, 1 believe athletics to be
of material benefit "to the college as
well as the student. In a way they
bring the institution more closely to
attention ol ■■ itlon
of boys — young men of from 18 to 22
are really b r all.
"What I mean to say is that the boy
of 12, 13 and 14, interested as all boys
are in football, baseball, rowing etc.,
takes a deep interest In the college
Bport, nnd as he grows older a desire
to be a participant in those sports
strengthens w ithin him. The result of
this is that, in addition to the desire to
secure the mental tages result
ing from collegiate. training, the- boy
gets a further bent in the direction of
college, through his Interest in ath
letics. In consequence the number of
students is materially increased, and I
attribute a very large increase in men
tal development to a primal interest
In college sports.
GEORGE GRAN TH AM BAIN.
2122
"NON-SUCCESS IN SINGING
IS LACK OF BRAINS"
Madame Mef&a Teffs Beginners How
She Succeeded on the Stage.
MISS BBNNET. a charming
English girl who travels with
Mine. Melba, received inc. We
pat down in the diva's private
parlor, which was one mass of
gorgeous flowers, tributes paid to Jlnio.
Melba's genius by the admiring audl
• that welcomed her on the first
night of her appearance in this city.
"Mine. Melba will be In In a mo
mom." said Miss Bennett "She is try
inc: a young lady's voice."
Through the partly open doorway
came the madame's voice: "Too much
practice, my dear, too much practice.
You are not Btrong enough physically
to work so hard. You will not gain
anything by spending so many hours
at the piano firing out your voice. You
must exercise more, eat regularly and
take plenty of beauty sleep. Now re
member— exercise — exercise— exercise —
no more Binging until those cheeks are
round and those eyes bright again. I
command you and you must obey. My
love to your mother."
There was the sound of a closing
door, and Mine. Melba swept into the
room.
"Nannie, dear." she paid to Miss Ben
net, after graciously welcoming me,
"stand guard ami if any one dares to
try to 8( me again to-day tell her it
is at the risk of her life," and madame
tried to look fierce, succeeded for a. sec
ond, nnd then laughed infectiously.
"I am so tired," she continued from
the cavernous depths of an immense
chair Into which Bhe sank. She looked
bo thi tughly fatigued that I was
about to sugg-est that I retreat. Before
I could put my th.niL.ius Into words
Riadatne had risen and was pacing the
room. Every trace of listlessness
was g : therein lies the charm
of Melba, She runs rhe entire gamut
of moods In a half hour's conversation,
and yet the changes from one phase to
another are bo subtle that there is none
( f the Irritation produced by people
whose emotions constantly well to the
surface and slop over.
"What can that child's mother be
thinking of?." she said, "the little girl
SKETCHED PICTURES IN ONE MINUTE
LAST week a party of men left
the Orpheum annex, walked down
O'Farrell street, up Grant avenue
and through Chinatown. Many a
party had gone over the same
route, but this 'one was of particu
lar Interest and there was a good-sized
"jack-pot" at stake on the result of the
trip.
Every few blocks the party stopped,
and then all interest centered In the cen
tral figure, who with brush and artist's
j..;j;cr hurriedly began to sketch, while
his companions craned their necks to
watch the results of his work. The artist
in question was Rudinoff, whose work at
the OBphouni has delighted thousands
during the past three weeks. The queer
proceedings of the party came about in
this wis< .
During the afternoon Fred Fowler,
treasurer of the Orpheum Company, to
gether with a number of the Orpheum
artis's and a few outsiders, were seated
in the annex. Conversation drifted to
matters theatrical and during the dis
cussion Rudinofl and hi? act came under
criticism. Some on<» classed him as a
"foreign fakir," which remark Xir. Fow
ler resented. Others joined in a**3 the
consensus of opinion Beemed to be that
Kudim.fr was not an artist; that his story
of having studied at the Academic Julieh
and hip story of his iiign birth were all
inventions for advertising purposes. It
wks claimed that the pictures which he
who was just in here," she added, in
explanatory tones. "When they were
in New York last year I told her moth
er that the girl had good timbre in her
voice, and the result is that they have
worked her day and night ever since.
Utter nonsense."
"How long did you study, Mme.
Melba?"
"1 studied under Marehesi just ten
months, and then appeared in Brussels
in 'Rigoletti. 1 That was ten years ago.
But while I have had in all only ten
months' instruction it has always been
constant study and personal applica
tion with me.
"To be able to sing divinely la not
enough. One must be able to act the
part. No one who has not been through
it can understand the difficulties.
"And again, when you have gained
success it is not any easier. You are
■■■••i\ on all sides. There are not
minutes enough in the day even to
glance at every man, woman and child
who begs only a moment's interview.
If I were to grant even half of them
my time would be completely consumed
by them.
"The strain of my work makes it im
perative that I shall take plenty of
rest. I have not had enough to-day,
and see, am I not a nervous wreck?"
Assuredly not if one is to judge from
outward appearances. For Mme. Melba,
with the long folds of her dressing
gown adding to her height and show
ing the outline of her beautiful figure,
her head thrown back, looked any
thing but a wreck.
"Oh", but I am," she repeated.
"Will you tell me why, Mme. Melba,
when there are so many with beauti
ful voices, so few ever reach the goal '
for which they sigh?"
"Lack of brains." answered Mme.
Melba without a moment's hesitation.
"There are many with beautiful voices,
but few with beautiful voices and
musica] intelligence, or in other words,
'brains.'
"For those who have the voice and
the brains there is no obstacle that
cannot be surmounted. Those who, de
spite their voices, nevr gain the lau
rels for which they strive cannot hold
any one else but themselves responsi
ble—neither ill luck, fate nor the stars.
The fault lies in themselves. Non-suc
cess for them is lack of brains; noth
ing else."
draws so deftly during his act on the
stage were only the result of study and
were a combination of set lines "which
any one could soon master. As Rudinoff
producer the same pictures nightly there
seemed to bo good reason for the state-
Tae argument waxed exciting, and one
after another offered to back h s opinion
with cash. Fred Fowler was the only
supporter of Rudinoflf and offered to put
up dollar for dollar in a pot against all
comers. At last there was $50 o D the
To decide the bet, Rudinoff was called
and asked to sketch street scenes off
hand, and the party set out.
"Dave" Babel of the party was to select
£« , first subject. Fred Fowler toe second
Rudhioff the third, Charles T. Ellis the"
f.-urth Ralph Fnedman the fifth, and so
on, and John Morrisey was official time-
At the corner of O'Farrrll street and
Grant avenue "Dave" Sabel halted the
party and pointed out big Jack Tilton
tho handsome Market-street policeman'
who was in the act of assisting a tailor
made girl In dodging the cable-cars
Brush and paper were in readiness, and
Rudinoff started in for his first sketcn
Time, one and a half minutes.
Those interested were willing to declare
Fowler the winner right there, but for
the fun of the thing the trip to Chinatown
was continued. Rudinoff got some excel
lent sketches in this unique quarter as
will be seen in the accompanying
sketches. &
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
OUT of the ORPHAN ASYLUM
and INTO the WORLD
Probl.-ms That the Children Who Are Raised in the nig Institutions
Uave to Contend With.
LAST week another little grlrl
found life"s path too rough and
tried to open the gate. out.
She had been brought up, or,
rather, had grown up, at an
orphan asylum. Did it prepare her
properly for the problem of life?
At the asylum are about 200 children,
boys and girls, from iy 2 to 14 years of
age. Governed by a board of managers
nominally, but really by a matron, it is
supported by the State, by the parents
of the children and by the institution.
The place is a little world by itself.
Even the language most of the little
ones use among themselves is so full
of localisms that a stranger might have
difficulty in grasping the child's idea.
For instance, "teany" means small;
"snordel" Is to cry"; "custard" is sick;
"nip" is to steal; "nitten" is to He, and
they require a word of their own;
"potty" is dirty, and so on through
scores of more words not down In the
dictionary.
A new family entered, four German
children from what must have been
a very happy home. The smallest, a
baby just beginning to walk, was under
the entrance age, but the circumstanoes
were too urgent for rules.
"Oh, what teany; I wish Bha has
spoos of her own. All the home's are
too ganty" — which construed, meant
that the baby was too email to wear
the institution clothing.
The four little strangers, of different
ages, were placed in the several de
partments, and began life over again,
each fur himself.
The children gathered around the
eldest boy and proceeded to get ac
quainted.
"Is your father dead?"
"No."
"Mine is. He was shot. Policeman
shot him* Mother dead?"
"Tes"— and the tears started in the
sensitive brown eyes.
"Say, what you doing- that for? It
don't do no good. How did she dip?
Sam's had fits and rolled on the floor
and lucked. Did yours do like that?"
"No; she just died, and said she
wished she could take the baby with
lier."
"Her that's here? L.ots better off.
No fun to be died. Father rich?"
"I don't know."
And so the young teasers continued
:ill the novelty wore off, and the little
"ellow submitted and cried his heart-
Uckness out till he really fell ill.
His younger brother, however, took
matters into his own hands and
thrashed a boy or two, and so became
a hero.
After a time th*>y nearly all become
contented and march in the long line
to chapel 'when the bell calls; they
kneel at another bell to say "Our Fa
ther," at another bell rise.
Sometimes it takes half a dozen at
tempts before the tall, stern woman
who presides is satisfied with the man
ner of kneeling and rising. Woe be to
the small boy ur girl whose heavy shoes
make noise enough to attract her sharp
car.
They form in line and march in and
out of the dining-room. So many
together makes silence the one thing
most carefully attended to. On Christ
mas and Thanksgiving they are al
lowed to talk during meals and they
are brilliant occasions in their way, but
children are not satisfied with love by
the wholesale. The dry cakes and
cheap toys brought on Friends' day
really mean something to them. There
is no other change In the weekly order
of fare and if you ask a little tot what
day of the week It is he will 6ay:
"We had puddin 1 ; it must be Wednes
day."
Friends' day is the greatest day in
the month fur the children. On that
occasion they wear their own clothes,
if they have any, instead of the uni
form, with clean fronts, and in the af
ternoon receive their friends. That
is, if they have any. Of many it is
only too true what the more fortunate
ones say:
"What's the use of putting a clean
apron on her? She has no friends."
Such a washing of faces and brush
ing and curling of hair, and every
available ribbon which can be bor
rowed or hired for some of "what my
friends bring me." And after all
the careful preparations, so many times
no one comes and then follows the lit
tle tragedy of waiting and watching
the others.
One charitable lady, who was Inter
ested in one of the little girls, sent her
word to bo ready and she would have
the child spend the holidays with her.
She sent 10 cents with directions for
the girl to have some powder and make
her teeth nice and clean. Little Mag
gie almost wore out her tooth brush,
went over all her little belongings over
and over and planned with the others
how she would not have to wear her
apron. Then she tried every ribbon
she could get on her short hair, promis
ing to write to all the girls. She is an
orphan and absolutely without a rela
tive in the world or a friend, except
this one lady.
School closed. Maggie could not
sleep that night with anticipation,
could not eat, and eat on the wood
window seat all day watching the gate.
The next day it began to occur to her
may be she would not go, and she put
away all her things and never spoke of
her disappointment, for she not only
was not sent for, but the charitable
lady had forgotten all about Maggie.
Many tableaux in real life form them
selves there.
Dr. John Nightingale Jr. is the regu
lar physician, so it goes without say
ing that the sanitary matters are the
best that can be made. The food is
usually good, notwithstanding the mo
notony, and the children are comforta
bly and exceedingly well clother and
housed. Those requiring special treat,
ment are taken to specialists and you
may have seen a long line of may be
twenty-five boys in brown uniform
going; to Dr. Montgomery. They are
the "soreheads." Ringworm is the
foundation of the trouble, which is not
dangerous to life, but is very contag
ious, and being^on the head is very.
very unpleasant. A very determined
effort was made to banish it. which, if
persevered in intelligently would have
been successful, but unfortunately the
vigilance ber-n relaxed.
On Sundays in fresh, neat uniforms
the older children march to the Church
of the Advent. The Rev. Mr. Emery
is much interested in them, seeing them
once a week at church, and they are
much interested in the services and
give the closest attention and the most
devout responses. Irreverence would
"LOOK UPON
THESE PICTURES"
THE portrait show at the Hopkins
Institute of Art is a success.
Ordinarily portraits are not very
attractive to a disinterested party,
and it always jars upon one's ar
tistic sensibilities to see them
hung in a drawing-room or even
In the living-room of a house where
they act with all the other pictures aa
a decorative motive.
It would seem that the portraits of a
household should belong exclusively to
the family, and not be open to the
scrutiny of all who are admitted. A
portrait is such a personal affair and
it satisfies in proportion as it repre
sents that particular phase of charac
ter by which the subject was known.
The thoughtless remarks of a casual
visitor— who may have known the sit
ter under different conditions — may un
settle an appreciative judgment of a
canvas and disturb the prospects for
its future enjoyment.
But while a few portraits looking
down from a wall may not create much
interest, a collection of portraits in
which there are examples of many
known and some famous artists is quite
another matter. To be able to study
the products of local artists of different
periods of time, to note wherein our
present coterie have progressed be
yond the group who preceded them or
have not as yet attained to the excel
lencies of the famous, is a rare oppor
tunity of which all who have any in
terest in art should avail themselves.
There are artists and there are paint
ers. Sometimes a great artist may
not be clever as a painter and a very
clever painter may not be much of an
artist. It may be said of the Fritz
August Kaulbach. who is the author of
the beautiful portrait of Miss Neu
stadter, that ho is much more of a
painter than his celebrated uncle, Wil
helm Yon Kaulbach, but not so great
an artist.
In the Denner, loaned by Mrs. de
Young, we find an illustration of un
usual painting. This artist is noted
for his exceedingly patient, toilsome
and accurate finish. He copies nature
with such scrupulous fidelity that every
undulation, every tint and even the
slightest down of the skin will bear in
spection through a microscope. He
makes a hair seem round and gives
perspective of the slightest wrinkle.
While this kind of painting may not
be high art there is a spirit of conscien
tious effort apparent that might well be
emulated by some of the artists of this
generation, and while the excellence of
a portrait is not to be estimated by the
realistic painting of a satin gown, of
the illusion that reveals an arm, or of
the point lace collar, all of which so
frequently holds the public eye, still
the subordinate parts of a canvas
should receive some consideration.
There is a wide difference between a
clever suggestion and a careless, im
perfect representation.
There are entirely too many heads
and hands emerging from hollow coats,
and the imagination of the spectator
is too frequently calle 7 upon to sup
ply deficiencies in the different appoint
ments of the picture.
The Boldini portrait of Miss Ethel
Crocker is receiving much attention,
especially from professionals. Inch by
inch the canvas is being dissected and
the general verdict Is "clever, very
clever."
The Romney canvas, which is doubt
less a good example of this celebrated
painter's work, is well worth serious
study. This artist was the successful
rival in portraiture of Sir Joshua Rey
nolds.
Two heads by Benjamin West and a
portrait of himself by Greuze have at
tracted considerable attention, while a
very pleasing study of a young woman
by Henry Inman has been generally
admired.
Two examples of the Rubens school
commend themselves to the student on
not wait till the next world for pun
ishment and he who will not sing is
made to sing.
Going to church is the only regular
opportunity to see the outside world
except for a dozen or so of the older
ones, who- ere in public schools, and for
those under eight or ten particularly
years come and go, but the gate in the
gray wall never opens for them. Each
department has its own portion of play
ground, the big boys gardens and
bunks, but the gTeater portion of the
enclosure is given up to the beautifully
kept Harden which makes such an at
tractive entrance to the visitor.
One girl of 13 years entered the in
stitution almost a baby. She was good
with children and is now kept as the
kindergarten assistant. As she was not
a public school girl she was to have a
momentous treat. She was to be al
lowed by very special permission to ac
company one of the attendants to Oak
land. Her delight and anticipation
were unbounded. She counted the
hours and wished Saturday would ever
come. Her ignorance of ordinary things
in the big world would be something
astonishing to a traveler.
"How do you expect the ferry can
carry you and Miss Brown over at the
same time?" said one of the girls,
quizzically.
"Well, she will have to go over first
and wait on the other side for me, I
suppose we both at o^ne time would
sink the boat."
Another girl said to her:
"Elsie, you will have to fill your
pocket with stones to throw at the
Chinamen."
"But I might hurt them."
"Well, all the managers do that, so
you will have to."
Another urchin "who had had experi
ence suggested:
"When you see a policeman you al
ways have to 'duck out" or he'll know
the uniform and take you up and put
you in the patrol wagon and bring you
home."
She went at last and was much dis
appointed when she came home be
cause "It was just like going to church.
Nothing awfully exciting happened."
in a few months more Elsie, an or
phan, with her own way to make in the
world, will begin the struggle. To such
a child the problem, "When I get out of
here," is the summum bonum of all
things. Can you fancy her position?
account of their rich coloring, while not
far from them are two very funny
portraits of women, dated 1600, which
testify very forcibly to the lack of dress
reform in those days.
Besides these mentioned there are
canvases signed by Hogarth, Sully
Gerard, Gilbert Stuart. ±»arbus, Leutze
and many others marked unknown, all
of which are well worth examining.
Portraits to the student are interest-
Ing from several points of view. Their
first mission is, of course, to truthfully
represent the sitter. . To get a like
ness as regards physical, appearance as
well as character is no easy matter.
Then painters are very apt to picture
their own characteristics in the can
vases, and logically so, for no one can
express more than he sees, and we are
told we generally see our own qualities
rellected in others. Some artists live
beautiful lives, have a state of being
that enables them to give a spiritual in
terpretation to everything they study.
On their canvases we find only the
higher attributes of human nature rep
resented; while others who do not live
on such a high plane of thought and
action generally portray only the phy
sical characteristics of their patrons.
The gu.'. between spiritual loveliness
and sensuous beauty is deep and wide,
and can only be bridged by that insight
which comes from high thinking and
right living.
The style of an artist is as individual
as his handwriting. Some painters are
versatile, but in all the varieties of
their work the intelligent eye detects
the same characteristis.
No one paints like Mr. Yates, ana
while there are such marked degrees of
merit in his different portraits, the rich
color, the vigorous handling indicate
the artist. While much of his work is
masterful, his portraits of Misses Sulli
van and Kittle are also beautiful.
And Mr. Vos' conception and treat
ment are entirely his own. His four
canvases, which have had a liberal
share of criticism, are, on account of
their picturescjue treatment and posi
tive color, very popular.
One can always recognize Mr.
Strong's conscientious and able work.
His seven canvases show not only some
She has never been Inside an ordinary
home, never sat at a family table,
never seen a private room, never been
in a common kitchen or seen an ordi
nary cooking stove. She has never
owned a bureau drawer, or a closet, or
a bed; never had a dress, or hat, or
garment of her own, but has always
worn a uniform, loaned and cared for
THE DIALOGUE OF THE SPIRITS.
(Copyright, IS9B, by S. S. McClure Co.)
SATS the Spirit of To-day to the Spirit of All Time.
"Have you seen my big machines?
My fire steeds, thunder-shuttlecocks, that dart from chime to chimes.
Hear the lyrics of their driving rods, the modern chant sublime— 1 '
Says the Spirit of To-day to the Spirit of All Time:
"Have you seen my big machines?"
"Hear the thunder of my mills," says the Spirit of To-day,
"Helir my harnessed rivers pant.
Men are jockeys with the lightnings, and they drive them where tney majrj
They are b; idlers of the cataracts that dare not say them nay,
And the rivers are their drudges." says the Spirit of To-day,
"Hear my harnessed rivers pant."
Says the Spirit of All Time to the Spirit of To-day:
"Haste and let your work go on.
Tap the fires of the under world to bake your bread, I say\
Belt the tides to sew your garments, hitch the suns to draw your sleigh."
Says the Spirit of All Time to the Spirit of To-day,
"Haste and let your work go on."
"But," says the Spirit of All Time to the Spirit of To-day,
"Tell us, how about your men?
Shall they, like live automatons, still drudge their lives away,
When the rivers, tides and lightnings join to help them on their way?"
Says the Spirit of All Time to the Spirit of To-day,
"Tell us, how about your men?
"Yes, harness every river above the cataract's brink.
And then unharness man.
To earth's reservoirs of fire let your giant shaftings sink,
And scourge your drudging thunderbolts— but give man time to think;
Throw your bridles on the rivers, curb them at the cataract's brink—
And then unharness man."
Says the Spirit of All Time: "In this climax of the years
Make no machine of man.
Your harnessed rivers panting are as lyrics in my ears,
And your jockeyed lightning's clatterings are as music of the spheres.
But 'tis well that you remember, in this climax of the years:
Muke no machine of man."
very excellent work, but some very
good likenesses.
Mr. Partington exhibits three num
bers that are very effectively rendered.
Mr. Keith's "old master" style is very
evident in his examples. His No. 15 has
been greatly admired by the profession.
Mrs. Ohittenden's very clever paste's
stood the. trying ordeal of being com
pared with their originals. Through
her excellent likenesses and her able
technique she bids fair to lead the pas
tel artists.
Mrs. Richardson's two canvases sug
gest but one regret. Why do we not
see mote from her brush? Her hand
ling of pigments is ideal and her color
most satisfying. Her work cannot help
but be an inspiration to all students.
Miss Brackenbury's style is quite
marked. It is dainty and delicate. She
is especially happy in catching a like
ness.
Miss Heyneman shows a very' good
portrait of her mother, and Bliss Helen
Hyde's portrait of Mrs. Binley has been
commended by the critics for some
clever technique. Miss Blanche Letch
er's portrait of Miss de Sedlijtzky re
ceived some very favorable commen
dation.
Mr. Greenbaum shows three interest
ing studies and Mr. Cadenasso proves
by the excellence of his single canvas
that he can do more than paint land-
scapes.
Mrs. Sleeth exhibits a most charming
lady in gray and Mrs. Wormaer, in
her portrait of herself, shows us a most
beautiful and well-painted picture.
Air. Kascher exhibits two ably
handled heads, while Mr. Fonda is rep
resented by four interesting canvases.
S. TV. Shaw proves by a canvas dated
ISSI that he is an art veteran. His lat
est canvas, that of Judge John Currey,
is very creditable.
Mr. and Mrs. McCloskey show two
very striking illustrations of realism
that have been quite generally appre
ciated, while near them is a large and
pleasing portrait of Mrs. William G.
Irwin of Honolulu, by Virgil Tojetti,
but probably the most popular work in
the entire exhibition is the pastel sym
phony in pink, the portrait of the beau
tiful Miss Gwin, by Clawson.
and mended by the Institution. She
would no more be able to take a car
and gc downtown and back in safety
than a little wild Indian just on! the
In a few months she will begin her
own struggle for an existence among
strangers.
HELEN GREY.
SAM WALTER FOSSHOW TO SUCCEED
AS A DETECTIVE
"You Must Have Nat
ural Aptitude, Ple
nty of Brains and an
Almost Inexhausti
ble Fund of Perse
verance. '
By Ex-Chief Thomas Byrnes.
TO become a successful detective
a young man must have, first of
all, natural aptitude; then,
plenty of brains, and last, but far
from least, an almost inexhausti
ble fund of perseverance. With
out all of these qualifications he may
grow to be a satisfactory or even an
excellent policeman, but he can never
hope to be a successful detector of
crime.
If a man is cut out for detective
work the fact will manifest itself at an
early age. I don't mean that every
young fellow who soaks his mind in
so-railed "detective" literature is a pre
ordained detective. Quite the reverse.
Nothing is so harmful to a good ca
reer in my chosen profession as an ac
quaintance with trashy works of this
character.
I remember that, when I was a lad,
my mental tendencies ran toward in
vestigation. Although I didn't know
it at the time, that was a good sign
for my future success. For instance,
the eggs of a neighbor of ours were
found smashed and destroyed at irreg
ular but frequent intervals. The
people of the district were divided as
to whether spiteful acquaintances or
the hens themselves were in the habit
of doing the smashing.
Now. I knew very well that the own
ers of those eggs were simple, honest
folk, without any enemies; and I also
felt sure that, although one or even two
of the hens might be unnatural par
ents, the entire feathered population of
that henhouse would not be likely to
develop a mania for egg destruction.
The puzzle bothered me, and for two
nights I slept in the loft, overlooking
the henhouse, on the lookout for a so
lution. The solution came, too. Late
on the second night a red Irish setter
c.f our own Jumped in through the open
window and proceeded to amuse him-
Ff-lf by chasing the hens hither and
thither, at the same t'me crushing all
the new laid eggs which happened to
be beneath his paws. I collared the
culprit in short order, and ever after
ward the henhouse window was board
ed up. That was my first piece of de
tective work.
As to a practical way by which to
Btart upon a detective career I am
Bomewhat in doubt. Perhaps the real
truth is that there is no royal road.
I myself began as an ordinary police
patrolman on December 10, 1863, but
it is a moot question whether routine
patrol work has its advantages. In
one sense it is a detriment, in another
a benefit. The man In uniform has
little chance of getting to know crim
inalsa particularly useful possession
for the detective. His brass buttons are
a warning sign; and all the thieves,
bunko men and the like give him a
wide berth.
On the other hand the patrolman's
life gives a young man habits of disci
pline and obedience. Then, too, a
lucky chance may give a patrolman
the opportunity of showing certain
talents which will win him a place on
the regular detective force. During my
incumbency of the detective force
chiefshlp it was my habit to keep a
sharp lookout for promising young pa
trolmen. If I learned of any such I
sent for them and gave them a month's
trial. During the month they had the
power and the time to show the sort
of stuff they were made of. I believe the
same custom is In vogue in the police
bodies of all big American and Euro
pean cities.
But let me caution the intending
detective to keep away from all fiction
professing to describe the pursuit.
Even the better class of literature of
this kind is harmful, because it is un
true. Take Conan Doyle's "Sherlock
Holmes." To a practical detective it
is absurd from start to finish. The
young man who fancies he could make
himself a detective by diligent study of
works such as those of Doyle, Gabo
riau or Dv Boisgoby is grievously
mistaken. 'The proper study of man
kind is man." The proper studies of
the detective are criminals and crime.
Amateur "sleuthing" is somewhat
dangerous, but if the amateur be a
brainy and discreet youngster he may
pick up many points in this way, and
eventually work himself into a suc
cessful position. I would not advise a
beginning in the offices of minor pri
vate "detective agencies." Such
"agencies" are frequently of a most
shady character, and, before he knows
it. the young aspirant may find himself
classed by the police as the associate
of criminals, instead of being regarded
as a criminal catcher.
An instance of this has just occurred
to me. Not long ago there was an
"off-color" private detective agency
doing business in New York. A youth
from the country joined it, confident
that he was going to make his reputa
tion thereby. A few days afterward
he was sent out on a mission, which
was nothing less than a scheme of
blackmailing. He was not a stupid
youth, and he paused awhile.
That pause was his salvation. In
the meantime the chiefs of that pre
cious "private detective agency" were
serving fourteen-year sentences for
felony. The lucky young man from
the country blessed his stars and has
since joined the police force. His was
a narrow escape.
Do not understand me as condemn
ing the bona fide detective agencies.
Some of them are no doubt good
schools for young detectives; although
as a rule they prefer old and experi
enced men in their ranks.
Supposing the young man to have
gotten his first start, either in the po
lice or in a first-class private agency,
he must then make up his mind that
hard work and plenty of it lies before
him. That is where the requisite of pa
tience comes in. "It's dogged a;; does it"
with the detective. No matter how
bright the young man is, no matter
what sort of genius he ha I for picking
up clews and doing the fine work of the
profession, if his nature is one of those
easily daunted by temporary setbacks,
then he had better get out of detective
work at once. The "easy things" don't
count— the jobs which any merely clev
er man may accomplish without ex
cessive labor. It is the hard case
which wins the lasting reward, and
shows the sterling quality of the young
detective.
You must excuse me bringing up my
own career, but you see. I know it best,
and can more readily select proofs and
evidences of what I am striving to tell
you from events in which I took per
sonal part. On dozens of different occa
sions when balked in a given direction,
I have forced myself to go back over
the ground again and yet again, until
finally after many such enueavors I
reached the goal I was in search of.
Professional criminals are resourceful
beings. They have to be. indeed; else
they could not thrive ever for a brief
space of time. Naturally they manage
to throw plenty of obstacles In the way
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
of the pursuing detective. He must ex
pect these obstacles; and if he cannot
surmount them, he must find a means
of getting around them.
As an example, let me give you one
of the many embarrassing murder
cases which I have sucessfully coped
■with. On November 2 1885, Antonio
Soloa, a Chinaman, whose real name
was Ching Ong, was brutally murdered
and mutilated in his little restaurant
at the corner of Wooster and Spring
streets. New York. The murder had
been done with the restaurant keeper's
own knife; and the most protracted
search of the place revealed no clew as
to the murderer's identity.
Soloa, or Chine Ong. had lived many
years in Cuba, where he exchanged his
Chinese patronymic for a Spanish one,
and learned to speak not only Spanish,
but also a little French and Italian. In
New York he set up a tiny basement
restaurant, and throve in a modest
way. •
It was an exceptionally puzzling
case. At first I fancied that the push
cart peddler Daly, who first discovered
the dead body, might have been the
murderer. Hut one Coughlin, a resi
dent of Wooster street, had seen Daly
from the time he entered the street to
the time he ran wildly up the China
man's stairs with the news that An
tonio Soloa had been killed. Coughlin's
evidence cleared Dalj.
I was disappointed, but I started off
on a new tack. The mutilations which
had been inflicted upon the boxly were
suggestive of the barbarous East. At
once the idea occurred to me that the
ugly work had been done by highbind
ers. The peculiar quiet with which the
crime had been carried out also pointed
toward a concerted plot of the dead
man's treacherous fellow Mongols.
I went around among the different
Chinese haunts, and had all the trains
leaving town watched for suspicious
Chinamen. But try as I would I could
not fasten the guilt upon any of Soloa's
countrymen. Many uf them came to
his restaurant; but not a single China
man had been seen in the neighborhood
on the day of the killing.
Next I sought zealously among So
loa's Cuban customers, but here, for
a time at least, my efforts were equally
fruitless. I did not despair. Once more
I began at the beginning — made a thor
ough research of the little underground
restaurant and instituted minute in
quiries as to the identity of every per
son who had passed along Wooster
and Spring streets on the day of the
murder.
At last I made a discovery. Some
children playing at the next corner had
seen a boy pass by the restaurant door
at about the time, according to medical
evidence, of the killing. I went after
that boy with all my energies. All the
shops in (he neighborhood, all the fac
tories and most of the private houses
were inquired at, until, in the long run,
I located the much-desired lad. He
turned out to be a nervous, timorous
child, George Mainz by name, office
boy to William Schimper, a nickel
plater.
For some time neither Mr. Schimper
nor myself could get much out of
George. But finally he broke down and
confessed all he knew. Sure enough,
as he had passed the corner of Wooster
and Spring streets that day he had seen
a little man answering the description
of Soloa quarreling with a tall, strong
mulatto. The mulatto had a knife in
his hand, and George had seen him
stick the knife into the other's breast.
Then both disappeared down stairs, and
the boy, terribly frightened, ran away.
He did not tell his employer, because he
was afraid that the mulatto would pur
sue and kill him.
Asked If there was anything remark
able about the mulatto besides his
color, the office boy replied that he had
"a terrible scar on his left cheek."
With this information I once more
turned my attention to the Cuban pa
trons of Soloa. After weeks of seeking,
1 found out the identity of the man
With the scar. He was a Cuban negro
named Augusto Rebella, and a member
of the secret society known as the "Ni
azzas." A photograph of the "Niazzas"
had been taken, and of this I secured a
copy. George Mainz went over the
faces one by one, and at last discovered
and identified that of Rebella.
Rebella's comrades In the secret so
ciety did all they could to shield him;
but eventually the murder was brought
home to him. At Los Dos Amigos cigar
fastory, in Washington street, where
he worked. I found that on November
2 he had only made 100 cigars, whereas
his average daily output had always
been 200. Moreover, he was known as
a regular patron of Antonio Soloa;
and George Mainz identified him on the
stand as the man he had seen stabbing
the < 'hinaman.
A detective must not know fear. He
must be prepared to go Into any and
every "dive," no matter how unsavory,
at the call pf duty. That he risks his life
twenty times a day must cut little fig
ure with him. Let him remember that
he does so in the public service, and
that, unless he does so, he is no true
detective.
I knew of a little police officer in
Pittsburg, Perm. His name is John
McTlghe. Ho is of slender build, and
little more than 4 feet 11 in height.
But he has the daring of a wildcat.
Some years ago McTighe saw two aus
picious looking persons on Smithfleld
street in the iron city. He pursued
them unostentatiously throughout the
day. and at length saw them enter a
bank, present a check and emerge with
funds. McTighe watched them until
they entered a nearby saloon. Then
he went into a drug store across the
way, whence he could keep an eye on
the saloon door, and called up Roger
O'Mara, then chief of detectives in
Pittsburg. O'Mara sent to the bank,
and a closer investigation developed
the fact that the check presented by
the two men was a clever forgery. This
news was communicated to McTighe,
who at once crossed the street to ar
rest the criminals.
Pie met them comin out of the sa
loon. They were both big powerful
men, but M^ Tithe was undaunted.
Without a word he tripped up the fore
most fellow, so that he tumbled face
forward across the floor. Then he
leaped at the next man's throat and by
sheer force of surprise bore him over.
Meanwhile criminal No. 1 had drawn a
revolver. McTighe dexterously kicked
it out of his hand and planted a stun
ning uppercut at the base of his chin.
Criminal No. 2 wt- by this time on his
feet and he went for I.lcTip-he tooth and
nail. But the gallant little detective
held on to the fellow's collar, despite
the blows which were showered upon
him. while he nlanted himself firmly
astride of the prostrate member of the
partnership. He had no means of blow
ing his police whistle, but, fortunately
for him, the crowd which had collected
attracted a passing policeman, who has
tened to the spot.
At first the officer did not recognize
McTighe, so bruised and battered was
he, but a few words put him in pos
session of the facts, and he lent a hand
in arresting the criminals. McTighe
had to go to an hospital, but he had the
comfort of knowing that he had done
his duty like a little man. To the young
detective I would say, "Be ready to do
as McTighe did when called upon, and
don't wait until you have to be told
your course of action, either.'
The young detective, to be really
successful, must be an all-around man.
Specialists are useful, indeed; but once
a specialist always a specialist in the
detective business. It is the all-around
man that rises.
It is a sine qua non that the aspir
ant must have a retentive memory for
faces. As soon as possible he ought
to begin studying the criminals he
comes across and the portraits in the
rogues' gallery. By that means he will
soon be able to spot a suspicious char
acter on sight. When he sees such
a person he ought to keep an eye on
I don't mean by this that a genuine
ly reformed criminal should be dogged
wherever he goes; but simply that a
suspected person, acting suspiciously,
ought to h? watched. That "preven
tion is bettor than a cure" has ever
been a pet maxim of mine, and by fol
lowing doubtful characters, detectives
may prevent crime.
Strict attention to business, implicit
obedience and absolute temperance—
these, too, the young detective must
possess, if he would excel.
From what I have said and from the
requirements I have laid down as ne
cessary, you will see that not one young
man in 100 has reason to seriously con
sider entering the detective field. To
that one young man, however, I trust
that my words may be of use and in
terest.
HIS JOKE WAS
ON HARRIGAN
NED HARRIGAN t^lls a good
story which may or may not be
new to his present day friends.
Once upon a time a certain
butcher in Truckee started a va
riety show and Ned and Dick Durand
went up there to play for him. Through
no fault of theirs the show was a fail
ure and the butcher shut up shop, fig
uratively and literally, leaving his as
sistants without a dime in their pock
ets.
So it came about one snowy night
the two stood together on a street cor
ner and mutually recognized the fact
that they were very hungry, together
with the accompanying fact that they
had nothing to barter for a meal. Be
sides the clothes which they wore, not
a superabundant quantity by any means,
they had only a dilapidated banjo on
which no one would advance them any
thing whatever, but at last Harrigan,
who was the bolder of the two, went
into a saloon and stated the case and
was rewarded by the gift of a dollar
from a generous gambler.
Coming out he found that Durand
was no longer alone, but that a tall fel
low in a long overcoat, who had been
hovering near them, when they were
discussing ways and means, was stand
ing talking with him.
"I've got enough for chops and pota
toes," he declared, joyously, and led
the way into a cheap restaurant,
Durand and his companion followed
and the three ate a hearty supper, the
odd one getting away with rather more
than his share of the provisions, and
made an excuse to disappear just as
the meal was over.
"Who was your friend?" asked Har
rigan. and Durand looked at him in as
tonishment.
"He was no friend of mine," he an
swered, "but I thought he was one of
yours."
LOST HIS WIFE
on the
WEDDING TRIP
A NEWLY married couple left Sa
vannah, Georgia, on their wed
ding tour, going first to New Or
leans and then to New York by
way of Chicago. The latter city
neither of them had ever visited before.
Their hatel, the selection of which had
been a matter of some discussion, as
they wanted the comforts and conven
iences of a large house, with all the
privacy of a smaller one, they had
finally decided to leave somewhat to
chance, so upon leaving the train, they
took a carriage to a house — the name
of which neither had heard before
— it having been recommended by
a fellow traveler as quiet and
first-class. Arriving there they found
a crowd about the clerk's desk,
and, after some delay, the bell-boy by
mistake took their bags, etc., and tell
ing them to follow conducted them to
rooms.
After seeing his wife comfortable,
Mr. Brown concluded to take a little
walk "to stretch his legs" before dining.
On going out he found it snowing, and,
the "Li" being a novelty, he took n car,
intending to go only a few blocks. Be
coming interested, he proceeded far
ther than he intended, left the car and
took one returning, but where to return
to he did not know. The name of his
hotel had left him completely.
He called a policeman and shame
facedly to.d him his story- The officer
said, "That is all right. What is your
name? What hour did your train ar
rive? The hotel register will tell us
everything. 'Hugo Brown, Savannah,
Ga.' That's all right."
'Hold on," said Brown. "By some
devilish error of the clerk or bellboy or
in my hurry to get settled I did not
register before I went to my room, in
tending to do so after I had seen my
wife comfortable, who, by the way, is
almost ill, and by this time must be
worried to death. I have been out three
hours and I told her I would return in
twenty minutes."
The policeman secured a list of
hotels and Brown was sure it was the
Normandie. As soon as he stepped into
the hotel h- discovered he was wrong.
They then tried the Netherlands, and
so on, Brown grasping vaguely at the
name of his hostelry and cursing him
self roundly.
In the meantime Mrs. Brown had be
come nearly distracted. She sent for
the clerk and demanded her husband at
his hands. The clerk, who immediately
thought he saw something wrong in
the omission to register, went to his
IT WAS EVERY MAN FOR HIMSELF NOW. PISTOLS CRACKED EVERY MOMENT
fIND THE AIR WAS FULL OF BULLETS.
superiors?. As Mrs. Brown seemed ill,
almost in hysterics, they called a phy
sician, who prescribed rest and a
trained nurse. When the next after
noon brought no news of her husband,
and nearly out of her mind, she, with
the help of some officious women of
the house, began to believe that her
husband had deserted her. She tele
graphed to her brother for funds and
to meet her in Chicago, paid her bills
and, with the trained nurse, started for
home.
In the meantime her husband had
traveled the city like a madman, and,
as they learned afterward, went up in
the elevator of the house she was just
leaving. Her brother, wild with anxi
ety, met her, and immediately asked for
Brown. Brown in the meantime had
in his despair telegraphed to his wife's
father asking: "Any news of Cora?
Wire Chicago." At the same time as
suring himself that she must have gone
home, as the only natural thing to do.
he started himself for Savannah.
In the meantime the brother had per
suaded Mrs. Brown to return to New
York, telling her that it was not possi
ble that her husband should have de
serted her. Filled with an anxiety he
carefully concealed from his sister, they
started for New York, as it was learned
afterward, leaving the station at the
same time Brown arrived. Reaching
New York they went immediately to
the Waldorf, where Simpson registered
himself and sister "in a big, round
hand."
He had no sooner gotten to his room
than the clerk appeared and ar.ked if
the Mrs. Brown registered this even
ing was the wife of the "lost Mr.
Brown," as they called him. Being told
that she was, the clerk said Mr. Brown
left for Savannah yesterday afternoon,
whereupon Mr. Simpson telegraphed
Brown at Savannah, "Cora with me;
return at once." He then told his sis
ter the state of affairs, and she insisted
upon starting that night, but being
very tired, and, as the time tables
could not be changed to suit her con
venience, she was obliged to wait until
the next day.
In the meantime a copy of the dis
patch, sent by Simpson, had been for
warded to Brown at Chicago, who, con
struing it to mean that he should re
turn to New York, immediately set out
upon his return. Arriving he was told
that Mr. Simpson and Mrs. Brown had
left for Savannah that morning. Then
he telegraphed to his father-in-law:
"Hold Cora till I come. Arrive Sat
urday evening train."
RAIDING SPANISH SLAVERS
ON THE AFRICAN COAST
Since the publication in The Call two
weeks ago of a story in reference to the
slave trade on the west coast of Africa
as carried on by the Spaniards, who
abused Old Glory in order to protect
themselves from English cruisers, nu
merous inquiries have been made as to
the part the United States took in the
affair. Did the United States Govern
ment make any attempt to assist the
British in putting down this nefarious
traffic?
"The United States rendered all the
assistance that could be expected of
her," Captain Jackson, the author of
the previous article, replied, when spo
ken to in reference to the matter. "But
the boys in blue were really more eager
to put down the traffic than the Gov
ernment officials. •
"But there was a time when an
American ship's crew really made one
of the blgg^-t captures that was made
while I was on duty on the west coast.
And I tell you we had to fight for it. I
say 'we' because it was a joint expedi
tion and I was one of the attacking
party in the small boat.
"The Marion had been cruising near
the mouth of the Congo and the ar*
rangement was that she was to leave
for a few days and then come back and
we would jointly undertake whatever
turned up in the meantime.
"During the Marion's absence we
cruised about the mouth of the river
and purposely allowed two ships flying
the American flag to go past us and
sail inland. We were almost positive
they were slavers, but managed to con
trol ourselves until the proper time.
"The fact that the Marion had sailed
away from the coast and that my ves
sel, the Antelope, had not molested
them, made the slavers bold and they
took little pains to conceal their iden
tity.
"When the Marion returned the two
slave ships had reached the height of
navigation on the Congo River and
were caught like rats in a trap. We had
received information that at least 2000
slaves were on hand ready to be loaded
on the two vessels and we wore all
sure of capturing big prize money. '
"Before making the attack on the
slavers the Marion and Antelope came
to anchor off Sharks Point just at the
entrance to the river, where the cap
tains of both vessels decided upon a
plan of operation.
"It was eventually agreed that the
Marion, being a sailing vessel, should
remain where she was and guard the
entrance to the river, while the Ante
lope, being a steamer of good speed,
should assume as much as possible the
appearance of an American vessel, pro
ceed up the river and capture the
slavers.
"When all was ready the stars and
stripes were hoisted over the Antelope
and Second Lieutenant Whiting of the
Marion was put in command. This
brave officer was the Rear-Admiral
Whiting who died a short time ago. A
fully equipped cutter and crew from
the Marion was detailed for service on
our vessel. Of course there was a good
deal of growling on the part of the
'boys' who had to remain behind. But
this was all made up later on.
"As we had been up the river many
times before our captain knew every
part of it. Consequently we made the
best part of the journey at night with
lights out, and fortunately had the
wind against us so the thumping of
our paddles did not aJarm the slavers.
When we reached a point where we
could see their lights we came to a
standstill and then sent lines ashore
and laid up for the night behind the
shelter of a point of land thickly cov
ered with palms and tropical vegeta
tion. This spot was known as Punta
de Lima.
"From where we were tied up we
could walk along the shore for a short
distance and get a plain view of the
slavers. Both were big three-masted
ships of at least 1000 tons each, which
in those days was a monster craft.
They made a beautiful picture as they
lay on the placid water in the silence
of the sultry tropic night. But when
we had listened a few moments we
found it was not all silence. The sound
of a guitar and dancing feet reached
our ears, mingled with ribald songs and
the clinking of glasses. Slavers always
had plenty of money and their side
boards were loaded down with the best
to be had. When all was looking well
with them wine flowed like water.
"Of course nothing could be done that
night, but what we had seen had satis
fled us that the slavers had not the
least idea of our presence.
"It was decided not to make the at
tack until we had seen something that
would be incriminati-g. We had not
long to wait. Before the sun was an
hour high next morning the slavers
had begun the work of loading.
"One part of the crew was sent
ashore to get the slaves out of the cor
rals, another took them out to the ships
in boats, and a third remained on board
to stow them away.
"From the first the air was filled with
the cries and lamentations of the poor
negroes. The slave drivers were not
affected, however, for they used the
whip on the slightest provocation, and
many a poor wretch was carried aboard
with his back dripping with blood. Here
he was thrust uown into the stifling
hold, and if he showed the slightest in#
subordinatian was put In chains.
"All this we could plainly see through
a glass from our sheltered position on
the opposite shore. Nothing more was
necessary. The attack would be mad«
at once.
"It so happened, however, that the
slaver's captain became suspicious of
something down our way. Possibly a
wreath of smoke attracted his atten
tion, or it may be that some one ashore
had seen us and carried the news to
him. At any rate the first thing we
knew a boat put out from one of the
ships and began pulling down to us.
"Lieutenant Whiting made up his
mind in an instant, and without wait
ing to launch the cutter, jumped into a
dingy, that was tied up near shore, and
called for volunteers. There was only
room for four, and I was one of them;
the other three were Americans.
"The wind was just right, and in less
than five minutes we had our sail up
and were skimming along to meet the
slavers. This sail kept the slavers from
seeing our uniforms, and they most
'ikely took us for a party of explorers
or detectives.
"When within hailing distance Lieu
tenant Whiting ordered the slavers to
lay to, but no attention was paid to
his command. He repeated it and was
answered by a pistol ball that fortu
nately flew wide of the mark.
" 'Fire,' he called to us, and the fight
commenced.
"There were ten Spaniards in th*»
other boat, and they were as hard look
ing a set of men as ever breathed. Mur
derer was written on every one of their
faces. But they couldn't shoot.
"Their first volley went by as harm
lessly as if it had never been fired at
all, while ours stretched two of their
men out in the bottom of the boat-
Two others were wounded.
"This scared the others and they
started to make an effort to escape.
But our sail was still full of wind and
we hove down on them until the two
boats bumped together.
"It was every man for himself now.
Pistols cracked every moment and the
air was full of bullets. But our op
ponents could shoot no better at closa
range than they could at long. Only
one of our men was hurt, but not
badly, while we rapidly thinned them
out. A young fellow in our boat shot
a villainous-looking fiend who was just
in the act of striking Lieutenant Whit
ing with a saber. His shot had the
effect of causing the man to fall over
board, where he struggled for a mo
ment and then sank from sight.
"I don't know how long the fight
lasted. It seemed like an hour, but
I guess it was not over live minutes.
I got a crack over the head with an
oar that nearly stunned me, but I soon
recovered and continued to shoot. The
air was full of powder smoke and our
boats were slippery with blood.
"One slaver, after being killed, fell
over into our boat and nearly capsized
it. We did not stop to throw him
overboard, but kept at the other fel
lows until six of them were, piled in a
heap in their boat.
"At this stage of the game the slaver
in charge threw up his hands and
begged for mercy. The other man who
was 'eft did the same.
"Just then I happened to look up th«
river and was horrified to see three
big ships' boats loaded with men armed
to the teeth coming toward us. It
looked as if it was all up with us now.
" 'Tie those men,' cried Lieutenant
Whiting, quick as a wink, and in a
moment both of our prisoners were
where they could do no mischief.
" "Now fire,' ordered the lieutenant,
and wewerefighting again. Bullets flew
like hail, but most of them either went
by harmlessly or struck the boat, which
was soon full of holes and began to fill
with water. We dropped one or two of
the slavers, but they would soon have
got the best of us if it had not been
for the unexpected.
"Just as the slavers were within a
hundred yards of us consternation sud
denly seized them. They dropped their
pistols and sprang to their oars. They
had forgotten all about fighting and
turned all attention to escape.
"Looking down the river I saw the
Antelope coming toward us, with the
stars and stripes at her gaff.
"A moment later I saw a puff of
white smoke at her side, and instantly
one of the escaping slave boats rose
out of the water, broke in two and fell
with a splash. The men in the other
two boats dropped their oars and held
up their hands.
"Of course, that ended the fight.
Small boats came out from the Ante
lope and picked up the men who had
been knocked out of the boat that was
struck by the shot. The others were
taken prisoners, and were soon in Irons,
carefully locked 'tween decks.
"By this time we had reached the
two slave ships anchored in the river,
but had no trouble about boarding 1
them. They were deserted by all but
the slaves between decks. These were
liberated and the captured ships put in
charge of prize crews and sent to head
quarters, where they were broken up.
' Although there was the best of evi
dence of piracy against the slavers, it
was decided not to hold them. Accord
ingly they were liberated with about
ten days' grub and water, on a lonely
coast, to make their way back to civili
zation as best they could.
"The prize money for the two slavers
v ar- divided equally between crews of
the Antelope and the Marion. It was
a good day's work, and nobody had
reason to regret the fact that an Amer
ican officer had commanded an English
ebip."
2324
ALASKA'S
HARVEST
OF GOLD
Icy Streams Beside Which
~~lt Will Be Gathered
During the Summer.
BY SAM WALL.
WITHOUT a map under one's
eye and a comprehensive
statement of the relation
ship to each other of the
ks in the Klondike and
Indian River mining divi
sions, one must have a very confused
notion of their location and relative
Importance, especially since the multi
plication of them and their names that
have followed the constant stampeding
and prospecting of this long winter.
In my published summary of the
probable output of the districts I did
not even refer to many creeks that are
now listed in Dawson as having big
dlities, and the claims upon
which are held at high figures. They
had no place in that story, because
they will not i'igure this year materially
in the output. However, in reviewing
the mining situation there, they should
not be overlooked. I shall here at
tempt t" give such a general view as
airy to the mind of the reader a
reasonably clear idea of the whole min
ing region and the development that
baa taken place during this season —
how it has grown under the influx of
"tei harcos."
At the close of the mining season of
last year — that is, after the wash up
ami at the time those men came "out"
Whose arrival in San rancisco, weight
ed down with gold, started that Klon
dike fever that has spread over the
:. the new goldfields meant Bo
nanza and El Dorado creeks — those
two. Now they mean almost every
tributary of the great Yukon River.
For fold has been found so often in
resj..nse to patient digging in so many
different places that expectation has
been raised with regard to all the vast
country, and dues not know where to
place the limit. This is true of the old
lamps as well as the new, on the
American as well as the British side
of the line. In reviewing the whole,
however, 1 shall speak of these dis
tricts separately and of that tirst
which holds tirst attention. The Klon- |
dike and Indian River divisions are '
practically one district, being only sep
1 by a low divide and having
Dawson for their source of supply.
Prospecting is now going on in the fol
lowing creeks in these districts, all of \
which are iisted in the mining ex
gt and brokers' offices, and claims
upon them are the subject of daily bar
ter, lluctuation in price, inquiry as to
the latest developments and general
ulatlon.
Bonanza and El Dorado are placed in
the list, of course, but they have gassed
out of the period of speculation. They !
are known from end to end to be rich, j
T< be sure, there are many claims on j
both that, for one reason or another, !
have not been worked. The one reason :
is that their owners were compelled to j
the country for lack of provisions, j
That reason will not exist next year,]
as every man going into the country ;
is now compelled to take provisions
with him, and, besides commercial
companies, new and old, are carrying
Quantities of provisions into the coun- |
try. both up and down the river. El
Dorado Creek will probably be worked
out next year. Bonanza Creek is good
for two or three years yet, as a steady
and tijg gold producer. The others will
only fairly enter the list of producers
next year. This is the list
KLONDIKE DIVISION.
Bonanza Creek.
Boulder * 'i eek.
Adams Creek.
Big and Little Skookum gulches.
El Dorado Creek.
Chief, Frank, Irish, Victoria and Gay
gulches, tributaries of El Dorado.
Bear < 'reek.
Quigley Creek.
Hunker Creek.
Gold Bottom Creek.
Last Chance Creek.
Leota Creek.
Alki Creek.
Too Much <;old Creek.
All Gold Creek.
Lucky Creek.
INI 'IAN RIVER DIVISION.
Dominion Creek.
Sulphur Creek.
Caribou » 're -k. tributary of Dominion.
Lyon Creek, tributary of Caribou.
Arkansaw Creek, tributary of Domin
ion.
Green Gulch, tributary of Sulphur.
Friday Gulch, tributary of Sulphur.
Quartz Creek.
Opbir Creek.
Ntae Mile Creek.
Eureka Creek.
There are besides these the follow
ing independent divisions, creeks that
empty into the Yukon, and that figure
on the bulletin boards in Dawson:
Henderson Creek, above Dawson.
Reindeer Creek, above Dawson.
Ensley Creek, above Dawson.
Baker Creek, above Dawson.
Montana ('reek, above Dawson.
Bryant Creeik, above Dawson.
Dion Crook, above Dawson.
Rosebud Creek, above Dawson.
Deadwood Creek, below Dawson.
Moose Hide Creek, below Dawson.
These are named somewhat in their
geographical order.
Standing upon "the Dome," the high
est point in the region of this district,
one can look down the valleys of Bo
nanza, El Dorado, Humboldt, Domin
ion, Sulphur and Gold Bottom creeks,
the principal creeks of the two divi
sions and of which most of the other
creeks named are tributaries. They
all have their rise in the hills about
this Dome, which seems to stand like
the center of a star of which these
creeks kad away to the five points.
This fact creates the belief that the
treasure box from which these creeks
have drawn their great riches is, or
was, hidden in the Dome Itself. It is
hardly necessary to say that the Dome
lifted Into the wintry clouds as it is, is
staked.
The trail leading from Dominion
Creek into Bonanza runs over the very
apex of this Dome and for twelve miles
follows the crest of the mountains
Passing over it on the Ist of March
last I planted my tripod on the sum
mit and took a series of photographs
comprehending a panorama of the re
markable view to be had there of the
snow-white land below, the jagged
points of the Rocky Mountains mark-
Ing the line of the horizon upon one
side and the valley of the great Yukon
upon the other.
In this vast region, that there lay
under the eye, could be noted the in
dentations that marked the course of
many creeks and gulches that have not
even been explored, much less pros
pected — this to answer the question so
often asked, "Has not everything been
taken up?" Nothing could express a
more absolute lack c-f understanding of
the vastness of this region than that
question.
This Klondike River, with which
everybody is so familiar now, is in fact
itself an unknown Quantity only a lit
tle above Hunker Creek. A party of
prospectors took a year's provisions
and went up the river last fail and
have not since be«?n heard from. They
will probably come down this summer,
whisper a few minutes to their friends,
caution them not to repeat what they
tell them and then another big stam
pede will take place. That is the way
most of the stampedes are started.
Somebody gets a tip, pledges eternal
secrecy, and in an hour the news has
spread over the entire camp. A stam
pede is as interesting to watch as is
;t volunteer fir*.? company getting Into
action. It generally takes place at
night that it may be the more thrilling
and picturesque. Every man engaged
in it is as mysterious as he may be
while laboring under great excitement.
He rushes into a restaurant, calls the
cook to une side and asks him to put
up a lunch for him "Quick:!" While
the lunch is being prepared he runs at
speed into the bunkh<>us.' n r cabin,
where his next friend may be asleep,
hauls him out of bed by the legs and
tells him that a stampede is o-n. and
unless he is willing to miss the chance
of his life to get up and come on. The
friend hurries into his clothes and joins
the scramble. Within a few minutes,
illy dressed and scantily provided
against the weather and against hun
ger, a hundred men will leave town all
at top Bpeed, going they scarcely know
where, following somebody, who may
lead them for days over mountains and
through Wildernesses that are hardly
marked by a trail. Once started they
go on regardless of the weather and
every other circumstance. These stam
pedes have brought prosperity to a
large hospital and have transferred to
many a doctor's name numbers of gold
claims.
One of the odd things that one en
counters in the big country is the state
of feeling existing between the old
timer and the "techarco" or new comer.
The old timer despises and sneers at i
the techarco and the techarco laughs !
or sneers at the old timer. Most of
the big claims are held by compara
tive new comers an* nearly all the
prospecting this winter has been done
by them. This, to be sure, may be ac- j
counted for by the fact that they great- ;
ly outnumber the old timers. Two
years ago the census of the two big !
commercial companies that supplied |
the inhabitants with food, and so had
the names on their books of almost
everybody from Fort Selkirk to St. j
Michael, placed the entire population i
of the Yukon Valley at 1500 people. In
those days outfits for that number
were brought in by the boats and the
company's agents apportioned out the [
supply. The whereabouts of every j
miner was known, and if he did not '
come in in the summer with the others j
his outfit was set apart for him until |
he did come. Old Jack McQuesten, for j
years agent for the A. C. Company at
Circle City and other camps along the
river, is almost revered by the old !
miners for the careful manner in which
he used to look after them. In those
days every man willing to work had
credit for a year's outfit and the money
in hand was not a condition at all. But
the rush of techarcos has changed the
old system and cash down and plenty
of it is now necessary in every trans
action. It is not such a great wonder
therefore that the old miner believes
himself to be very charitable in that
he tolerates the new comer at all, and
on the traU or in his own cabin extends
to him that hospitality that is a fixed
custom of the cheerless land— just as
It is among the Indians.
But what amuses the new comer with
regard to the old timer is the persist
ent refusal of the latter to believe ther«
is anything in any of the creeks, the
names and location of which he has
known so long. He has in years past
pushed his solitary canoe against the
rapid current of this and that stream,
has had stirring adventures and per
haps almost lost his life here or there
and, having dug a little under the
moss, passed unfavorable judgment
and retired. Here comes some inex
perienced youth, fresh from the orangp
groves of California, who stays a little
longer, digs a little deeper and gets an
ounce to the pan. The old timer is
disgusted, tries to think it is some ac
cident, a mere chance pocket, and re
mains deaf and blind and stubborn just
as long as he can in face of the per
sistent facts.
But it is true that these newcomers
also get discouraged, some of them too
early. They put down a hole to bed
rock, perhaps two or three, and, finding
nothing, give up the search often, when
the next comer, still having faith, put
ting down still another hole, finds rich
pay. This experience is repeated over
and over in the history of even El
Dorado and Bonanza creeks. Ihe min
ing and the wash up may be said to be
done but slovenly and carelessly at its
best. Only the richest dirt is taken
out and dirt that a few years ago
would be rated as very rich is now
thrown aside. Especially is this true
where the mine Is worked on lays. The
average lay agreement runs out July 1,
and the laymen will not waste time on
any but the richest dirt. It is safe to
say that fortunes will be taken out of
the ground upon a second working—af
ter the claims on most of these creeks
have been given up as exhausted. In
deed, extensive plans are now being
formed by practical, scientific miners
for the working over on an extensive
scale of the ground in El Dorado and
Bonanza creeks.
Following is a brief sketch of the
creeks and mining divisions of the
Yukon. .
BONANZA CREEK is a tributary of
Klondike River. The Klondike River
1b a small stream, and not navigable
except for canoes but a little distance.
The pay streak is wide and deep in
Bonanza, but its direction changes, and
It has given some of the claim-holders
considerable trouble in finding it. When
located, however, the reward has al
ways been rich. The greatest develop
ment has been made within the limits
of 43 above and 65 below. The greater
wealth ha 6 been taken out above dis
covery- There are long intervals be
low between the working claims that
remain idle and a long stretch above
also, principally for the reason stated.
There are isolated claims being worked
on the creek below, as far down as 80,
all paying well. The mines are being
THE SAN FBAKCIBUb CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
MAP OF THE KLONDIKE GOLD FIELDS.
prospected or opened up also as high
as BO above. Claim-owners who had
been compelled to go down the river
for provisions were returning to +hese
claims and beginning again their in
terrupted work at the end of winter.
On Blarcb 2, the day that I came over
from Dominion and Bonanza creeks,
the owner of the claim at McCormacka
Fork had just arrived and was relight
ing the fires in his long-neglected shaft.
Th.- notion that the g<-ld in Bonanza
comes from El Dorado is clearly an er
ror, as is shown by the fact that Bo
nanza, above El Dorado, is richer than
below. El Dorado comes into Bonanza
at 6 abirve discovery, and it is nearly
four miles further up that they keep
a watchman on the dump to see that
thlevefl do not carry away the dirt at
night. Bonanza is thirty miles in length
and the average depth of the bedrock
twenty feet.
BoULDER CREEK Is the first trib
utary mot with in the ascent of the
creek. Good prospects have been
found there, pans having been washed
out as rich as $8 50, with pay dirt about
four feet deep. The creek comes into
Bonanza at 37 below. Claim No. 1, at
the mouth, is very rich.
ADAMS CREEK comes next. It is
four miles long and fully located. Two
or three claims near the mouth are re
ported to be turning out well. No. 1
will be worked this summer. This is
th<- creek which is said to have attract
ed the initial party of old miners from
El Dorado Creek. They had gone up
Bonanza and were undecided whether
to prospect here or in El Dorado. They
decided by the toss of a penny. The
fall of the coin turned them away from
El Dorado to this creek.
THE SKOOKUMS— Big and Little
Skookum gulches are the wonder of
the camp. The rounded knoll or hill
]>. -tween these two gulches is covered
with bench claims. They are near dis
covery on Bonanza. They can be
worked during the summer, as they
are above the creek bottom. Some of
the lower claims have two pay streaks,
that of El Dorado as well as that of
Bonanza.
EL DORADO CREEK— This creek
has proved the most uniformly rich
of any in the district, especially from
34 to the mouth. Benches (that is the
hillsides) on both sides of this creek
have been found to pay wherever pros
pected. It has more sloping banks
than Bonanza. Much of El Dorado
may be worked in the summer, the bed
rock not being at a great depth.
CHIEF GULCH— Chief Gulch is
properly a continuation of El Dorado
Creek, hut the original locators fol
lowed the smaller branch. Prospectors
recently reported rich finds on this
gulch and a stampede followed which
resulted in its being staked well up into
the hills.
GAY GULCH comes into El Dorado
at No. 36. The claim at the mouth is
being worked and proves very rich.
FRENCH AND IRISH GULCHES—
These are small' tributaries of El Do
dorado. They are being prospected at
the mouth, but had not shown any
thing more than good prospects as
yet.
BEAR CRP:EK empties into the
Klondike a few miles above Bonanza.
It is considered by the old miner to
be the "worst looking" creek that has
so far been prospected, but it produces
the finest quality of gold. It is all
coarse and it runs in value as high us
$20 to the pan. It is quite deep to bed
rock, in places forty-five feet, owing
to slides. Every claim prospected so
far has proven rich. It is only about
five miles long and has been fully
staked of course. The sides of the creek
are precipitous and there is therefore
little chance for the bench claimant.
The creek is not worked much above
discovery, which Is two miles from the
mouth.
QUIGLEY CREEK— It Is a small
stream that has recently been located,
but so far remains unprospected. It
empties into the Klondike below Bear
Creek.
HUNKER CREEK— This is a very
considerable stream and is the next in
importance in this year's schedule of
gold producers to Bonanza and El Do
rado. It has given considerable trou
ble In locating its pay streak also. It
is in an advanced stage of develop
ment and has proven very rich. It is
very wide at the mouth and five miles
of its length from its confluence with
the Klondike is staked by the pugilist,
Frank Slavin, and others for mining
by hydraulic process. Slavin is at
Ottawa — or came out to go there— for
the purpose of securing governmental
sanction to his scheme. Discovery is
thirteen miles from the mouth. De
velopment d%vlndles from discovery up
ward and extends downward with some
intervals of Interruption to 74. There
are some quite rich bench claims along
the creek. There are a number of
small streams emptying Into Hunker
Creek that have not been prospected
or located.
GOLD BOTTOM CREEK is the
main tributary of Hunker. It comes
in at No. 28, below discovery. Develop
ment work is backward. The creek is
very cfooked and no doubt many
claims will miss the pay streak. Some
claims near the mouth are very rich.
LAST CHANCE CREEK— This is the
next tributary of importance to Hun
ker Creek. This is the first season it
has been worked. Several claims have
developed good prospects.
LEOTA CREEK— This is a small
stream recently located from which
some good prospects have been report
ed, but probably cannot be demon
strated this year.
TOO MUCH GOLD CREEK— This
empties into the Klondike above Hun
ker Creek. There has been little work
done, but the prospectors report uni
formly good returns. The original
name of the creek by whites was
Slate Creek, but Too Much Gold is said
Drawn by B. A. SEITZ — Dawson, N. W. T., 1898.
to be the English interpretation of the
Indian name. It is located from the
mouth to i>l at the forks ami to 15 on
the left and 8 on the right fork.
ALL GOLD CREEK flows into Flat
Creek or left branch of the Klondike.
Above the confluence with Lucky Creek
a soapstone bed rock is found which
seems to have failed to hold the gold
that is discovered here and there in
crevices.
LUCKY < 'KEEK is the principal trib
utary of All Gold, ami prospectors re
pori rich finds. The owner of No. 13
on this creek refused an offer of $16,000
a short time ago.
INDIAN CHEEK <>R INDIAN
RIVER MINING DIVISION — In
dian Creek or river Hows into
the Yukon from the same side
and same direction as does the
Klondike and its principal tribu
taries head up in the same hills as do
Bonanza, El Dorado and the other
creeKa named in the Klondike division.
The principal creeks are those:
DOMINION CREEK— This is the
larger branch of Sulphur Creek and
should properly have been the parent
stream, but in making up the record it
was set down as flowing into Sulphur
Creek. It heads on the other side of
the divide opposite the source of Hun
ker Creek. The first work on Do
minion was done this year. There are
two locations of discovery, about four
and a half miles apart and between
th' se the greatest prospecting or de
velopment work has been done and rich
prospects discovered. There are forty
six claims recorded between the two
and for lack of Bpace they overlap and
confusion and contests have resulted.
The rights of the claimants will be de
termined upon the right or priority of
the discoverer. On claims that have
been prospected as much as two ounces
to the pan have been washed and the
creek is expected to divide honors with
Bonanza next year. The creek is lo
cated from 27 above upper discovery
to -TS below lower, which means
thirty-seven miles. From 20 above up
per discovery to 30 below the value of
claims ranges from $2000 to $50,000, the
higher priced being between the twr»
discoveries.
CARIBOU CREEK is a tribu
tary of Dominion Creek, and takes
Its source on the Sulphur divide.
The eye prospector calls it "exception
ally tine-looking." It Is located from
its mouth to No. 41. The principal de
velopment work has been done on No.
21, where^lVi ounces were panned out
of three pans on February 22. Caribou
can be worked both summer and win
ter.
LYON CREEK is the left fork of
Caribou, and joins it at No. 16. There
have been twenty locations on it but
little development.
ARKANSAW CREEK joins Domin
ion at 14 below discovery t a-nd has only
recently boen located.
171 CREEK— This is a long creek,
which gets its name, for lack of a bet
ter, from the fact that it comes into
Dominion at claim No. 171. Rich pros
pects were said to have been struck
there. There was a constant succes
sion of stampedes into Dominion Creek
on its tributaries in February and
March because of the rich returns re
ported from that creek.
SULPHUR CREEK is staked
and recorded from 80 above and
to its continence with Dominion,
about 170 below discovery. Pay dirt
has been located from 38 above to 60
below. Some claims are preparing for
summer ground sluicing. From 40 above
to 50 below values run from $6000 to
$20,000, and a few about discovery rise
above the higher figure.
GREEN GULCH and FRIDAY
GULCH are small tributaries of Sul
phur, located hut not developed.
QUARTZ CREEK is the next import
ant tributary of Indian going toward
the Yukon. It is a very crc-oked
stream. No big returns have been
made from it. The pay is discovered to
lie under the hill.
OPHIR CHEEK is the next tribu
tary of Indian. No definite returns.
DIXON CREEK, about five miles
above Dawson, has been staked its full
length, but little is known of it.
NINE-MILE CREEK is one of the
newly located that comes under the 100
foot law. Locations on the creeks that
were recorded before the passage of
the new mining regulations, or any of
the tributaries of the same, are still
allowed the 500 feet that there ob
tained. Newly recorded creeks only ad
mit of 100 feet. Nine-mile takes its
source just opposite El Dorado. Pay
has been located at claim No. 40 above
discovery. From $1 38 to $3 50 to the
pan has been found.
BRYANT CREEK flows Into the Yu
kon ten miles above Dawson. It is as
yet an unknown quantity. The claims
are 500 feet wide, having been recorded
before the 100-foot regulation went into
effect.
MONTANA CREEK has its source
about opposite the rise of BigSkookum,
and flows into the Yukon about fifteen
miles above Dawson. It was the first
of the small, independent streams
flowing into the Yukon east of Daw
son to be staked. Claims are 500 feet
wide. It is staked for twelve miles, its
entire length.
EUREKA CREEK comes in from op
posite Sulphur and Dominion creeks,
and between the two. A number of
men are working on both forks, and fa
vorable reports are heard. Claims are
valued at from $500 to $5000.
BAKER CREEK joins the Yukon
about twenty miles above Daw
son. It takes its source across the di
vide about opposite Dawson. There is
some work going on. and a rich strike
is reported at 102 above Discovery.
EUSTERY CREEK enters the Yu
kon about eight miles below Indian
River, and twenty-five miles above
Dawson. It is a small stream, was
stampeded early in the winter, but lit
tle work has been done.
REINDEER CREEK empties into
the Yukon about forty miles above
Dawson and ten above Indian River.
Gold was found there shortly after the
100-foot regulation went into effect.
Good prospects are reported and the
creek is fully staked.
SIXTY-MILE RIVER empties into
the Yukon about fifty miles above
Dawson. About thirty men have been
working there for some two years,
sending out each season for provisions.
Little is known as to what they are
finding, but there is considerable spec
ulation about it.
HENDERSON CREEK empties into
the Yukon from the north, about fifty
miles above Dawson. It has been lo
cated from the mouth to the left fork
i Moose Horn Creek), to 140, and up the
right fork to 70. The locating was
principally done by the men who were
frozen in by the closing of the river,
while they were on their way to Daw
son. A large colony was stopped on
the Stewart River. Little is known
about Henderson Creek, as it has not
been much prospected. Its principal
tributaries are Golden Gate Creek,
Sixty Creek and North Fork. The
best pay has been developed at the
mouth of Sixty Creek. Henderson is
seventy-five miles long.
ROSEBUD CREEK flows into the
Yukon about sixty miles above Daw
son. It has been staked for its entire
length, and excellent prospects have
been reported from it.
STEWART RIVER— The Stewart
River country has been long spoken of
as rich in gold, but further than the
fact that the bars at its mouth have
yielded good wages to a few prospect
ors fur years, little is known of it to
this day. It empties into the Yukon
seventy-five miles above Dawson.
Much interest is felt in the results of
the prospecting now being done and
which will continue during this sum
mer. A townsite is located at the
mouth, and the Canadian Government
will establish a post there.
McQUESTEN CREEK enters the
Yukon from the same side about 100
miles above Dawson, anci has its rise
near the source of the Stewart. Plat
inum has been found in this river.
WHITE RIVER— The White River
empties into the Yukon from the west,
eighty-five miles abuve Dawson. A
party of fourteen men, headed by
Latham, Pond and Fairbanks, of San
Francisco, have been prospecting there
and report that they are well satisfied
with tneir finds. A big stampede took
place into this region in March. The
White River is a large stream and can
be navigated by small steamers.
810 AND LITTLE SALMON AND
WALSH CREEKS— Quite a colony of
people were frozen in at both the Big
and Little Salmon rivers, thirty-seven
miles apart and 300 miles above Daw
son and 290 from Dyea. Among them
were Major Walsh, Commissioner
(Governor) of the Northwest Territory,
and the newly appointed officials of !
the Territory. Some prospecting and
stampeding took place in the neigh
borhood by the colonists, and Walsh
('reek was named, staked and pros
pected somewhat. It was the one
creek talked about this side of Salmon
River. I was told that $2 10 had been
taken out of three pans in the gravel.
MOOSEHIDE— Going down the Yu
kon from Dawson the first creek in' the
mining: lists is Moosehide. It is a small
stream, coming into the big river Just
below the town. It was fully staked
early in the winter, but no finds worth
talking about are reported.
DEADWOOD CREEK is a little fur
ther down, about four miles from the
town. Two or three of the most re
markable stampedes of the early and
late winter took pla.ce there, and the
creek is staked all the way up on both
branches. Some big prospects were re- i
ported from the creek bottom and
gravel in the fall. Prospecting was
being carried on during the winter, a
shaft being sunk on discovery claim
just below the forks.
FORTY-MILE RIVER is about fifty
miles below or west of Dawson. It is
one of the oldest stations on the river,
and has a number of tributaries that
were formerly considered rich diggings,
especially Miller Creek, at one time the
richest diggings in the country. It is '
largely deserted now, but attention is
being redirected to them as with other
diggings on the American side.
BOUNDARY CREEK— A long stride
down stream is made from this point !
to Boundary Creek, at the line between :
British and American territory. Dls- ;
covery was recorded In February, and
a stampede followed that took up the ;
whole creek. The discoverers claim to
have found 3 to 9 cents on the rim rock
and IS cents to $1 30 in the gravel.
Prospectors declare this creek will
prove among the richest of the late
discoveries.
It is situated about eighty-five to
ninety miles below Dawson. The boun
dary line crosses the creek about a
quarter of a mile above its mouth, this
quarter-mile being in Canadian terri
tory. The balance of the creek is in
Alaska.
AMERICAN and MISSION CREEKS
— Mission Creek is twenty miles fur
ther down stream, and American Creek,
its largest tributary, has attracted one
of the greatest stampedes of the win
ter. A hundred men at least traveled
down there from Dawson to stake.
American Creek is not a new field.
Many claims were being worked at a
good profit, according to pre-Bonanza
estimates, but they were deserted when
the big finds were made on the Klon- '
dike. Some of these claims lapsed
through neglect, and it was to recover
them that the stampede was started
from Dawson. Others following took j
up the new ground until the whole
creek waa staked.
BOY PRODIGY
AS A
YOUNG MAN
Josef Hofmann Is
Still a Great Pian
ist but He Has
Other Ideas Now.
SHE task that conf -onts young
Jo3ef Hofmann, the pianist, is
by no means an easy one. Ten
years ago he was a musical
prodigy, the admiration and
envy of little girls in short pet
ticoats, and the darling of plump, good
natured mammas. Now he has no in
fantile glamour to wrap himself up in.
It is true that he is young still and very
small, but he wears long trousers and
speaks in a bass voice. He is a man,
and as a man he must stand or fall.
His late performance at the Metropoli
tan Opera House, New York, was pro
nounced a brilliant success and the
critics think that he will win all the
fame as a man that his infancy gave
such promise of.
As a lad he was the pet of the
women, but as a young man he has not
the personal attractions of Paderewski.
It is not that he is ill looking; quite the
contrary, but he is somewhat unstrik
ing; he has no glorious and wonderful
head of hair, no commanding figure,
not even that wild and fantastic man
ner that goes straight to the heart of
the young miss. Hofmann is short,
standing about 5 feet 4 inches and
weighing but 113 pounds. He has short
JOSEF HOFMANN AS HE APPEARS TO-DAY.
From a Recent Photograph.
hair, an unassuming manner, and when
in repose a plain, almost dull face.
Hofmann, however, is not always sol
emn and silent. Far from it. He is a
bright and fluent talker in many lan
guages and on many topics, and as he
is always deeply interested in what he
is talking about, it follows that those
who know him are surprised to hear
people criticizing the dullness of his
face.
In telling about his education the
other day he talked freely and fluently
of his life and ideas; he discussed ath
letics and automobillsm; he advanced
some sound opinions on musical sub
jects and also incidentally criticized the
New York system of street transit. He
did not mention the weather or say
how glad he was to get back in Ameri
ca, which is creditable, as showing him
to be a man of some originality.
Josef Hofmann is now 22 years of age,
though he looks considerably less. He
was born in Cracow, In Poland, and it
was there he received his early musical
education. Among his teachers was
Moszkowskl, with whom he studied for
two years.
His first appearance in public was at
the age of 5% years, when he played
at Warsaw. His parents, however.
CHARLEY RIVER AND COAL
CREEK are a day's journey farther
! down the Yukon and several stam
pedes took place there during the lat
ter part of the winter from Circle City
and Dawson, and reports of rich finds
| were received. Coal Creek has reeent
■ly been stampeded. It is ninety miles
above Circle City. The original pros
' pectors claim to have found 15 cents to
, the pan in gravel three feet from the
surface. A townsite was staked on
: the Yukon at the mouth of the creek.
THE BIRCH CREEK DIGGINGS,
which made Circle City the metropo
lis of the Yukon previous to the birth
lof Dawson, are big producers. They
1 comprise Mastodon, Independence,
Mammoth, Eagle, Porcupine, Miller,
! Harrison, Crooked and other creeks.
1 The mines pay from $10 to $50 a day
per man. This whole region is a vast
; gold field. Many claims were deserted
a year ago in the excitement following
the discoveries in the Northwest Terri
j tory, but all the mines have been tully
1 worked the past winter and a large j
1 output may be expected.
MINOOK CREEK— The 500 people
who wintered below Fort^ lu
kon concentrated at Rampart City, at
, the mouth of Mlnook Creek, and con
siderable prospecting was carried on.
Minook Creek is thirty miles long. It \
is not entirely new, but has been pros
pected for four years. The work of
this past winter, which will be shown
in the wash up, will demonstrate just
what there is at Minook. All kinds
■of big prospects are reported from
there.
THE TANANA RIVER is the dream
!of the prospector. It is a large stream
entering the Yukon from the south 400
| miles below Fort Yukon. It is navi
judged that this was rather an early
beginning, so after, a few concerts they
tnuk him out of the blaze of publicity,
and for two years he remained a pri
vate individual. At the age of 7 the
boy again appeared in the same city,
this time to the accompaniment of a
full orchestra. This second essay
proved him a wonder, and he was at
once called by the well-known in
sario Wolff to Berlin.
His performance at the German capi
tal attracted the notice of the whole
musical world, and the boy now re
ceived flattering offers from many
lands. For the next few years he trav
eled from country to country and city
to city, gathering big audiences wher
ever he went.
In London in particular his success
was conspicuous, though there were
many who prophesied that the boy
would go the way of all other prodigies
— to the grave, a madhouse or oblivion.
Those dismal prophecies, fortunately,
have been unfulfilled, and it only needs
a few moments' conversation with the
young man to convince one that the
prospect of their fulfillment is remote,
for Hofmann is as healthy and sane a
youth as ever was.
At the age of 11 Josef Hofmann made
his first voyage across the Atlantic. In
New York his success was immediate
and striking. He played eighteen times
in New York and twelve in Brooklyn,
and always to crowded and enthusias
tic houses. He also played in Boston
and Washington.
With his American tour. Hofmann's
career as an infant prodigy came to
an end. The first warning note was
sounded by the Gerry Society, who
declared that it was against the law
of the land for a boy of his age to
perform in public. The matter, how
ever, was squared up somehow, and he
continued to perform in spite of the
society's remonstrance.
However, it was not for long, for his
parents were here on time and heeded
the advice of doctors, who warned them
that if they continued to allow their
son to play in public he would never
be any use in after life. Hofmann then
was temporarily retired and so ended
the career of the infant prodigy.
It was seven years before Hofmann
again emerged from obscurity. In the
meantime he studied hard, not only
music, but physics, electricity and au
tomobilism. Automobolism, in particu
lar, is his hobby, and he is having con
structed for him in Berlin an automo
bile car, in which he intends to make
his journeys in the future.
gable for quite a distance and will be
invaded and explored by miners and
commercial men this summer.
THE KUYOTUK RIVER enters the
Yukon from the n^rth below Fort Yu
kon and is another field that is at
tracting iiiiiH-rs now that the many
small steamers coming into the big
river bring the prospect of provisions
that have heretofore been impossible
in these distant and inaccessible re
gions. Several parties are heading for
the Kuyotuk, and even beyond.
What does an exodus of 100.000 to the
Klondike mean to the business of the
country? I have figured it out on the
basis of cost and proportion as ascer
tained, and it is this: That each man of
them woqld average first and last an
expenditure of $600, making a grand to
tal of $60,000,000. The United States
railroads would get $5,000,000 of this;
Seattle merchants and hotel keepers,
for outfits and transient guests, $25,000,
000; the prospector's home town and
towns en route to Seattle and other Pa
cific Coast poihts, $5,000,000; ship com
panies, for transportation to Alaska,
$10,000,000, and for the transportation
of freight over passes and in Alaska,
$15,000,000.
This would represent only the actual
needs of the number of prospectors and
would cause a large increase In other
businesses directly connected with it.
It means that in 1898 $60,000,000 will be
spent in the starch for gold in the yel
low creeks, and in the same year not
more than one-fourth <>t' that amount
will be produced. But the output is
likely to come nearer the expenee as
each year goes by, and in a few years
to exceed it.— Review of Reviews.INDIAN SCHOOL AT CARSON, NEV.
IT takes .lust one visit to an Tndian
to convince one that Uncle Sam
I agree with the popular opin
■ tr> the only recognized process
t making over a bad Indian into a
good one.
T!i!s is his recipe, as translated Into
words from his deeds: "Catch your In
dian early: the earlier the better; when
■■,<! tender. At rive y. ,-. rs
old, or four, or even three, is the time to
• 1 clean thoroughly, thor-
oughly, thoroughly. Sec. .sou with the best
you have of elementary education and
you have of element
ary education and
simple mechanical
training. Then bake
slowly, conscientious
ly, for a dozen years,
about basting care
fully with healthy,
happy surrounding's.
Serve with a sauce
made up of good na
ture and humane
treatment. The re
sult may be recom
mended.
He allows $167 a
year for the mainte
nance and education
of every bronze-faced
boy or girl who will
leave the familiar,
loved discomforts of
the wickiup for the
neat Iron bedsteads,
the cozy sitting rooms
if the school; who
will forego the de
lights of broken vic
tuals and cast-off
clothes for the sim
ple .11 cooked food
and neat uniform.
There are . ISO real
Americans at the In
dian school at Car-
BRONZE-FACE ADONIS son o f both sexes,
ranging in age from
the baby of the school, who is three, to
youths of IS. 19 and 20. There are repre
sentatives of the Piutes. <> the ■ 10-
Bhones and of the Washoes, and to one
who knows only the blanket Indian of
small Western mining towns It's a pleas
ing shock and surprise to watch this red
faced colony and note its exemplary be
havior, the apparent ease with which it
has grown accustomed to the restraint
of the buttons and lands civilization has
decided upon, the various occupations it
pursues, the diligence with which it ap
plies Itself to English books and Ameri
can ideas— and above all, to hear it ex
pressing its opinions in good English with
the smallest and not in the least disagree
able accent.
Very human I found these boys and
girls at Carson, brimming with good na
ture, bubbling over in eood giggles, very
smallest and nut in the least disagree
• !lt.
sry human I found these boys and
» at Carson, brimming with good na
>, bubbling over with giggles, very
much a l'Americaine. These descendants
of Indian warriors are the most
amenable, the gentlest of pupils, their
teachers say. Rarely in some dark breast
there lurks the germ of rebellion, the
atavistic tendency which cries out against
law and order. But, as a rule, it is easier
to discipline Lo than his palefaced
brother. As for Mile. Lo, she's copper
colored sweetness personified. During
study hour he sits in school demure and
n>>at In her gray uniform with a red rib
bon bow at her throat and another tying
hor dusky braids; but when she isn't
Btudyirlg, when she's sewing or washing
dishes or making beds or helping li» the
kitchen she's attired in the female na
tional dress of shirt waist and skirt, and
she's merry and companionable and very
interesting. She plays basket-ball, like
other co-eds.
"And do you wear bloomers when you
play?" I asked a girl of about 14, who sat
hemstitching a handkerchief out in the
yard, the hot sun beating down upon her
uncovered head, with its shining black
hair.
"No, no," she answered, vehemently,
while a torrent of giggles went up from
her companions of all ages about her.
"Why not?" I asked.
But she shook her head and refused to
THREE LITTLE MAIDS FROM SCHOOL.
TERROR CREATED
BY MORGAN`S RAID
One Woman In Her Fright Whil« Try
Burled a Sack of Corn Instead of the
PERHAPS^ ln n0 location during
the Civil "War aid people display
ter terror than at Madison,
Indiana, when word came that
the raider Morgan with his band
to' as sweeping through the country,
nnd would undoubtedly make that
town his headquarters for a day or two
at least.
The citizens niarlo up their minds to
resist his encroachment, and welcomed
; ,s allies the panic-stricken country
people who flocked In from all quar
ters, believing thoy would be Bafer
than in their isolated homes; for with
the credulity of rural inexperience they,
had accepted floating rumors as actual
facts, and endowed Morgan with the
attributes of a demon; the more imagi
native boldly declaring that even
torture wa.» resorted to by him when
valuables demanded were not forth
coming'
In anticipation of the arrival of these
refugees long tables wore arranged in
the market place, and for hours before
the Mrst dilapidated, creaking mule
wagon, with its frightened load made
its appearance the housewives of Mad
ison had co-operated in preparing food
in quantity s sufficient for the needs of
hundreds, nor were their calculations
misplaced; the town was for many
days thronged with people flying from
the dreaded Morgan. Numbers had ta
CHANGING A BAD INDIAN INTO A GOOD ONE
enter Into a discussion of the bloomer
question. There are two sides to It— the
question, not the bloomers— in Mademoi
selle Lo s opinion. She is conventional
ity itself. Bloomers are shocking, mascu
line. Immodest, in her estimation. And
you could more easily persuade those
young women to forever forswear home
and kindred than to don the humiliating
ble, bifurcated garment.
And hor love for home, and her broth
er's, too, is not a thing to bo valued
lightly. Uncle Sam himself has had to
take this intense filial affection and re
gard for place into consideration. "Vis
its of pupils to their homes should be as
brief and as infrequent as possible," says
if his rules. These boys and girls
: outgrow their fondness for home.
It's the strongest feeling they have, prob
ably, now that civilization has robbed
them of the opportunities for excitement
and adventure the old. wild life held.
No matter what the degree of her learn
ing may be, no matter what she may
have acquired of white-face notions of
cleanliness and comfort, the Indian girl
clings to her early associations, when
her squaw mother, trudging out from the
nearest point on the railroad to the In
dian school, comes to visit Mademoiselle,
wrapped In the traditional blanket, a pur
ple handkerchief tied about her walnut,
wrinkled, cynical old face, her worn moc
casins dusty, her gnarled, knotted hands.
worn with scrubbing white women's
kitchens, grasping the staff that helps her
over the road, her patient bowed head
bearing still the burden of the papoose
basket, whore the youngest of the Los
Sles and stews and sleeps — she is re
ceived by her well-dressed, Intelligent
faced daughter with open arms, with the
fullest of welcomes, with a heart and lips
bubbling over with the love terms learned
in the old. familiar tongue which she, like
others, falls back upon whenever real
emotion seizes her.
Here's a lesson to you. Mademoiselle
Americalne of the Hoarding School, whose
little head is turned with crude, false no
tions of gentility, borrowed from your
narrow-headed, full-pursed schoolmate;
whom you envy and ape, and for whose
sake you are despised and humiliated by
the conditions from which you came. An
Indian tjirl can never be educated Into
disdain for her mother. She can never
!"■ taught to )).. supercilious and superior
and affected, and to belittle the filial love
and obedience she owes that mother.
The belle of the Indian school at ''ar
son is a young woman of about 17. Like
her sisters she clings to the out-of-date
bang straight across her forehead. But
her eyes are merry, her nose is not ill
shaped, her mouth is distinctly pretty,
and her teeth are a dentist's dream.
Ruby can Bew. She is as accomplished
in this line as a friend of hers is in the
culinary art. And anyone who has tasted
the kind of coffee she made for us to
drink would issue a diploma immediately.
The fame of Ruby's sewing has gone
abroad, so that in another Indian Bcnool
where a seamstress Is needed she has
been offered a position. Uncle Sam pays
his employes pretty well. Ruby might
receive a monthly salary In addition to
her board and her clothes that would
mean riches to the simple wants of an
Indian girl. But she doesn't dream of ac
:^ r . Why? Simply because she
::.'t retain the i>laee. She knows
that. The acceptance of the offered po
sition means living far from her mother,
far from Ormsby County, Nevada.
Every Tndian boy or gin who is capa
ble of earning any small sum of money is
itrfbutftT to the home budget. The
people whose lives have been spentamong
the younger generation of Indians will
out to you one instance after the
other •■( such unselfishness. Even the
small ones, at times, overcome their love
of sweets— for which no white-faced
spoiled darling has more desire— and re
frain from sending into town for the
candy a stray dime could buy.
Strange to say. it is the boys who adopt
the civilized dress and wear" it most eas
ily. The supposed female facility for
change of condition does ii"t manifest it
here. Among the girls at the In
dian school a graceful iigure. a pretty
pose, is rare. Mile. Lo has capped the
climax of her conventionality by embrac
ing — or rather by being embraced by— the
lng to Secrete the Family Silvorwar*
Family Plate. Z
ken nothing in their flight, but the
clothing upon their backs and the
1 horses or mules which had brought
them thither, and which were but an
I added tax upon the resources of the
• generous townspeople.
Realizing that they were among
friends and gauging the honesty of
chance acquaintances by their own,
many whose (lights had been more de
liberate told the story of hidden valua
\>'.' :■■, which they fancied were safer con
cealed upon the farm, to which they
would eventually return than in their
possession when making the journey to
j town where a turn of the road or dense
thicket might conceal a raider.
One woman, after exacting a prom
,l Ise of secrecy from a small audience of
females, and prefacing her revelation
| with the remark that she had inherited
a quantity of silver from her grand
mother, related that the news of Mor
gan's approach had been brought to
her in the night, and with the thought
of the necessity <.f llight had come that
Of the valued heirloein.
Her husband was absent on military
! duty and she was afraid to trust to the
honesty of the colored servants. So,
| gathering the silver in her apron, she
| went in search of a strong sack in
which it was deposited.
She procured a spade after having
| warned her eldest son, a boy of 13, and,
bidding him bring the sack from the
:u-: croom to a great tree which stood
| in the rear of some outbuildings.
The frightened and sleepy boy reach
ed the tree by the time she had scooped
I out a shallow hole, in which he placed
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 189 S.
Results Obtained ir\ Educating Lo at the Qo^errv
rr\er\t Jrair\ir\g School, Garsor\ JMe\A
corset. Perhaps It is this war between
two Inflexible materials— the Indian dis
position and the pattern-making corset
that prevents a harmonious result. But
young Lo is distinctly handsome in his
gray uniform with Its red trappings. He
holds himself so well. He is tall, his fig
ure is so straight and looks so strong.
Ills dark face, when It is not of the
broad, dull type, has a virile, serious air.
His black eyes are keen, and his square
set jaws make him look like a soldier.
The crack regiment of the army might
be formed here. If these young men can
light as well as they look.
♦J' How , many of you," I asked a group of
the older boys, sitting studying quietly
in a room, Just before their teacher en
tered—no trace of that suppressed wicked
excitement that pervades the Yankee
mice when the cat's away— "How many
wU°decTaredr ?O to fl S ht Spa" 1 « War
were declared?'
o«ihSS?i8 f " answered a flne-looklng lad
"So would I."
th«°^' OUI eveT hoy in the room . wlth
face "££? , On °*. one - whose round - dark
race was turned squarely upon his fel-
o O b^t S inatelv Wh Se ,, m Uth remained closed ,
COlint unnn Lncle Sam. you may not
count upon him. For some reason— fnr
the youth's intelligent face belles hia
character, unless there's good reason be
hind his determination— you have not
gained this Indian's good will. There's
a grudge against some one or something
American that mere clothes and food and
Bbelter will not cure. It would be Inter
esting to know just what Injustice or in
herited resentment or imagined wrong
makes this young fellow differ with his
mates.
These boys keep an eye upon the news
papers. They're well informed upon cur
rent events. Washington is their hero
at least it Is his name that comos from
most of thr-m In answer to a demand for
the greatest man that ever lived. Of
course, this may he school hoy prudence
or the youthful hypocrisy that seeks to
give the answer not in their own minds
but supposed to be in that of the diu-s
tioner. When the subject of woman
rrage was broached to those latter-day
savages nearly every boy in the room de
clared that If the thing lay with him his
sisters should vote. But when the ques
tion was put to the girls, conservative
demure Mademoiselle Lo en.-: down her
eyes, simpered and declined to commit
herself. No doubt she considers voting
quite as unladylike, fully as shocking as
the wearing of bloomers.
I?ut education and civilized surround
ings have hud their effect upon these In
dian maidens nevertheless. Only flfty of
the one hundred and fifty students' at the
school are girls. And the reason of this
Is not a feminine distaste for learning or
civilization, but the knowledge gained by
experience among the Washoes, the Bho
fhones and the Piutes that when a girl's
mind is enlarged by study, by living on
terms of equality with her brothers by
receiving the little attentions and a
greater or less degree of deference which
civilized man has decreed Is woman's
due, she is less and less inclined to act
out the part which her mother her
mothers mother and generations of red
women before her never dreamed of
evading, [n short, Mahala. civilized with
a good command of English, accustomed
to decent clothes proper food and just
treatment, objects : p being a drudge
Jim— llk<> all other Jims of all colors
and shades at various epochs of the
his burden, his mother covering it with
nervous haste and concealing the
loose soil with pieces <>f boards care
lessly arranged, after which they made
ready for departure, satisfied that their
silver at least was safe.
The woman had hardly received the
last congratulatory remark of her lis
teners upon her good judgment in this
way disposing of her property, when
one of her neighbors who had just
driven in dumped at her feet a corn
sack, which emitted a jingling sound,
and said to her astonishment:
"I noticed that you uns had left a
right smart lot of silver in your store
house for Morgan's men to melt up, so
I brung it along."
It appeared that this man, not know
ing of her departure, had stopped to
offer neighborly assistance to the "war
widow" and her children in their flight;
finding them already gone, and think
ing that they might have in their haste
left many needful things which he
could convey to them in his rwmy
farm wagon, he began searching and
came across the sack which contained
the silver.
The owner's curiosity to know what
she had really buried was not grati
fied until, on her return home, she dug
up a mouldy sack in which was a mass
of sprouting corn, of a choice variety,
which had been kept in the storeroom
for seed, and which the frightened boy
had seized in place of the sack contain
ing the silver.
Parties were at once organized to re
sist the marauders, and horses to con
vey the newly recruited men were in
demand. Many of the people could not
understand that the Government would
indemnify them for any loss of prop
erty furnished to protect the interests
of its citizens. Among this class was
an old German woman, whose business
talents and capabilities for holding her
own had long oeen a subject for local
remark.
This woman was the owner of a span
of fine gray horses which, with others,
were demanded for the use of the Gov
ernment Believing that her refusal to
deliver up the horses would be sufficient
to send from her door the officer who
made the demand, she informed him
that she could not sell or loan them
to "the Government or anybody else."
At this the order was given for the
horses to be led away, and she then
commanded her two sons to resist the
"robbers," which they attempted to do,
but were soon compelled to desist.
The mother, knowing that she at
leaßt would be safe from rough treat
ment, caught the animals by their
bridles and endeavored to lead them
world's history— finds his squaw not so
obedient, not so devoted, not so unques
tioningly simple and confiding. As a
gnat historian says, the advance in
learning breeds a pessimistic, inquiring
spirit. Buckle lauds this spirit, and to It
traces all the glory of modern science.
But Jim doesn't agree with Buckle, and
when Mahala, after leaving the Indian
school, pessimistically inquires of her
lord why the greater share of the work
is hers, and the greater profit Is his Jim
becomes disgusted at her want of proper
feeling, at her irreverent questioning of
precedent, at her Iconoclastic desire to
destroy the time-honored decrees of the
wickiup.
So when there's a question In old Lo's
mind as to which, the son or the daugh
ter, is to be yielded into Uncle Sam's
keeping for a decade or so, the wise old
Indian decides in favor of the boy.
People who have had years of experi
ence in teaching and training Indians de
clare that the Nevada Indians compare
very favorably in intelligence and docility
with those in the East. They rank the Pi
utes llrst. The Shoshones come next and
the Washoes last.
These copper-colored school boys and
girls seem altogether happy in their sur
roundings. The kindergarten, with its cir
cle of dark-faced babies, singing, playing
IN THE LAUNDRY.
games and mnrchlner. Is precisely like any
other, Bave thai the voices seem a bit un
familiar, not so shrill, more nasal, deeper
pitched; ami there Is a blight sluggishness
of action one doesn't notice In white chil
dren. I saw a group of girls chattering
and laughing in the washroom, oft one of
the dormitories models of neat, amaH,
white-bedded, Iron cleanliness— while they
washed those round brown faces of theirs
and combed the shining, straight black
hair. They looked like pretty human
brown birds. In ttie yard jiisi then young
].o was playing marbles. These boys have
good football and baseball teams. They
were beaten, though^ by the Carson boys
not long ago. When l asked one of the
beaten team for the reason he smiled sly
ly, and a younger boy volunteered the an
swer:
"Oh, they didn't dare half try. They
were 'frald of hurting the Carson boys."
Which Isn't complimentary, though It
may be true, so strong and well -developed
are the Indian athletes.
But it isn't all play for these young
Am. ■rivai. s. Their Industrial training is
not neglected, and all the work about the
school from running the engine to mak
ing the rag matting that covers the
stairs and halls Is done by Lo and his
Bister. There's a enriuus case here of a
boy who reads and writes backward;
who cvii read ordinary hand writing only
when it is held before a looking glass
and turned topsy-turvey as Alice saw it
done In looking-glass world. There's ge
nius, too here— John Howe, a Waahoe
Indian, who possesses a rare faculty of
making mechanical drawings. The loco
motive he drew from memory, after see-
Ing a train hut once or twice in his life,
is declared by mechanical engineers ab
solutely correct in i-\i-i-y di tail, so quick
and accurate are hie powers of observa
tion, so great is his love for everything
pertaining to machines of all kinds.
They have a natural taste for music
and drawing, but the great majority here
as elsewhere Is hopelessly commonplace.
The Indian mind seems unable to ad
vance beyond a certain point. When that
point is reached an insurmountable bar-
Pier intervenes and forbids further culti
vation. Cooks, maids, seamstresses, the
back to the stable, {it which the vol- j
unt< era, Blipping off the bridles, grasped !
the horses' manes and hurried them
away.
Still determined not to yield up her i
property, the unman, running after, 1
clutched the tails, preserving her huld j
as they were led up the street of the !
town, and above the laughter that met'
her at every side, rang her screams for I
help and her denunciations of the men |
she termed thieves, until at last she |
was forcibly led away.
The manner In which rumors origi- i
Date was also illustrated through a !
talkative youth visiting relatives in |
Madison at the time, and who expressed I
himself freely regarding the dreaded ;
Morgan, whom he professed to admire j
and declare was not as black as he was
painted.
The wrath of the excited populace
was naturally directed toward him and j
doubtless the high standing and known i
loyalty of his family was all that saved !
him from paying a severe penalty for
his rash speeches.
A woman, either wishing to avoid
trouble or seeing opportunity for a
practical joke, one night pinned a card
upon the door of the house at which
the young man was a guest, on which
was written a few words of advice re
garding h's departure from town by a
certain date. It had the effect of caus
ing him to stay in seclusion the fol
lowing day and make for home under
cover Of the next night's darkness.
The card with the line upon it was
found by some children, and this, cou
pled with his departure, gave rise to
the story that he had been seized while
In bed, and after severe castigation led
beyond the town limits and told never
to return under penalty of death.
ATE A MUD PIE
AND
NOW EATS CLAY
TEN years ago Irene Jones, at play
with other children In the
"branch" which ran by the door
of her cabin home in Southern
Arkansas, ate a mud pie. She is now
a confirmed clay-eater and is one of
Dr. Sutter's patients at the City Hos
pital.
She is 23 years old. She was 13 when
she first tasted clay. She has eaten it
regularly ever since.
In the South, among the colored peo
girls may become. Those red-brown fin
gers which have learned to write and to
sew so well are hopelessly incapable
when it comes to a question of running
a typewriter, even. For the boys, too,
<;is;iiiy lias ordained only subordinate
positions. With a few "exceptions, I
found a surprising lack of ambition
among them. They expect and are con
tent to become farm hands, laborers and
kitchen servants.
"It isn't worth while," declared a Car
sonite. "What's the use of spending all
that money on Indian girls and boys
who'd be happier and just as well off out
in the campoodies, where they all wind
up sooner or later? Tnere's many a
white orphan lacks the care. tho6e girls
and boys get over yonder. And I tell
you. nine out of ten of 'em anyway go
back to the old life as soon as they're
allowed to leave the school. What's the
use of teaching 'em to dress and act ana
talk like white folks when they take to
the blanket and the moccasin as soon aa
they get back to the wickiup?"
The school at Carson is too young yet
to answer this question. It hasn't yet
sent out a young generation to battle
against old habits and inherited tenden
cies toward savagery. It can point to
individual cases, instances of such excel
lence that one is tempted to idealize. But
enough time has not yet passed for the
gathering of statistics which will .show
what proportion of Indian boys and girls
"stay put."
Uncle Sam, however, intends that they
pie, clay-eaters are as common as
"dope" ciiin in St. Louis. Onve ac
quired the habit takes such a firm hold
on a person that it is next to impossi
ble to shake it off.
The strength of the habit does not
seem to depend so much on the effects
produced as upon the acidulous taste of
the lighter quality of clay found in the
South, which contains among other ele
ments silica and alum.
There is a belief that, as In the case
of Irene Jones, the habit originally had
its rise in the tasting by children of
make-believe pies made of the clay.
It is in this way at least that the
habit is acquired by white people in
the South. Of late years a great many
young ladies of good families have be
come slaves to the habit. The explana
tion given by them has always been
that while playing as children with col
ored girls of their own age, they were
induced to eat the mud pies and quickly
became addicted to the habit.
Irene Jones is suffering from inflam
matory rheumatism, and her condition,
is due, in large measure, it is) belleveu,
to her clay-eating propensities.
She came here a month ago from
Southern Arkansas and secured work
as a servant ; t 3923 Washington av
enue, i
The clay here Is not as good as the
Arkansas article, and she told the doc
tor she had not been eating It very reg
ularly.
The desire for clay does not come on
her at regular intervals.
"I eat it when I want it, and when I
don't want it I let it alone," she said.
WATER A CURE FOR INDIGESTION.
"We must give special attention to
the outside of the body as well as the
inside," writes Mrs. P. T. Rorer on
"What to Eat When You Harp Indiges
tion," in the March Ladies' Home Jour
nal. "The skin must be bathed every
morning with tepid water, followed by
a brisk rub. This is equally as important
as correct diet. A good rule is to use
water freely inside and out. At least
I two quarts of water daily should be
i taken: half a pint the first thing in the
! morning and the last thing at night, a
| cupful of warm water before each meal,
and the remaining quantity divided and
taken before meals."
The smallest perfect watch ever made
is owned by a Russian princess. >\lf was
first placed in an exquisite gold case, cov
ered with the most minute, but literally
perfect, Watteau scenes in enamel: then.
at the princess', desire, the works were
removed and placed inside a splendid dia
mond' scarcely two-fifths "of an inch in
diameter.
shall be temporary; they will become un
necessary, ho says, "when Indians shall
have attained full American citizenship,
and with it full and free entrance Into
the public school systems of the coun
GREAT DANGER ON
BIG WAR VESSELS
Accidents that have befallen war ships in times of peace when no one was
looking for any danger.
The capsizing of the Royal George is
probably the most disastrous accident
on record. It was the flagship of K^ar
Admiral Richard Kempenfeldt. The j
ship was anchored off Spithead at the
mouth of the Thames. A pipe below
the water line needed some repairs, and |
as It was so simple an affair the ship
was not docked. In order to get at the j
pipe the ship was "heeled," or listed to j
one side by running one broadside of j
guns from orie side over to the other, j
The Royal George was a line of battle- !
ship and the pride of the British navy \
and in full commission. All her offi- j
cers and men were on board, together |
with any number of their visiting
friends, to say nothing of a swarm of
trades people. Soon after she was |
"heeled" a stiff land breeze sprung up !
and the great ship capsized. Nearly
eight hundred people were drowned.
The battleship Eastern Monarch an- i
chored off Spithead on June 2, 1559. She j
had Just reached home port after a
voyage from India and had on board,
not only her own officers and crew, but
a great number of invalids from the
army and navy stationed in India. She I
had in all over 500 men and officers tm
board. Many had been absent from i
home for years. There was great re
joicing that night when the Eastern
Monarch anchored within sight of the
shores of old England. During the j
merriment a lamp was upset, and the j
ship burned to the water's edge, with
great loss of life.
A similar accident destroyed H. M. P.
Goliath on the night of December 22,
1575, just three days before Christmas.
She was a training ship, and had aboard
over 500 officers, men and boys, mostly j
boys. She had just returned from a ,
long cruise and lay in the Thames. The
bpys were anticipating the Christmas
festivities, and in their pranks upset a
try."
And it's treason to the spirit of Amer
ican institutions to believe that that time
will never come.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
lamp in the oil room. The ship was a
total loss, but this time the loss of life
was comparatively small.
The boys on the sailing frigate Eury
diee -were not so fortunate. She was
homeward bound from the Bermudas.
About 300 officers, men and boys were
on board, and she came up along the
Isle of Wight with every sail drawing
and her ports open, off Yentnor, the
famous watering place on the Isle of
Wight, tliv boya manned the rigging
and cheered and cheered to those on
the beach. A squall struck the old
frigate, over she went and nearly ev
ery person on board was drowned right
before the eyes of hundreds of persona
within hailing distance on shore.
Tf>n years before Ericsson built the
monitor Captain Cowper Cowles of the
P.ritish navy invented what he called
a turret-ship. It was not until some
years later that the I^ord High Ad
miral accepted the captain's plans and
ci-d. red a turret ship built. H. M. S.
tin was launched in ISB9 and
ed to be a "hoodooed'" ship from
the start. She was a full rigged iron
ship, armored and with steam as
an auxiliary power. High bulwarks
were int< nded to be let down, uncover
ing the two turrets when the ship was
cleared for action.
<>n September 7. IS7O, she was sailing
in tho Hay of Biscay. A squall sprung
up and Btruck the tophe&vy ship full
abeam. She "heeled" over and never
righted- Of the i'M persons on board
1 hteen were saved. When the
court martial sat to try some one for
negligence in losing the ship the only
n they could try was James May,
a gunner. Every other officer was lost.
The Victoria, with 700 persona
aboard, capsized in the Thames on
May '24, 1881, and over 3<>u were
drowned. In the merchantman serv
ice hundreds of ships and thousands of
lives have been lost right in port, when
th<> ship is supposed above all other
times to be safe. It is only a few days
ago that considerable wreckage was
done right here in San Francisco har
bor.
2526
SOCIETY
HE event of the past week was the J
T breakfast given at the Occidental j
Hotel on Tuesday last by Sequoia |
Parlor, Daughters of the American |
Revolution, in commemoration of j
the one hundred and twenty-third
anniversary of the Battle of Lex
ington. Fifty ladies seated them
selves at 12 o'clock at tables decorated
In blue and white ribbons (the colors of j
the society), and snowballs, white lilacs ;
and blue-eyes, arranged in Miss Mary ;
Bates' inimitable style. Besides these <
' decorations, the entire room was draped
in red, white and blue, the American flag
being conspicuously displayed at each
end and on both sides of the room. After
an elaborate menu had been discussed,
an address was made by Mrs. A. S. Hub- ,
bard, regent. The first toast on the pro
gramme, "The Day We Celebrate," was
responded to by Mrs. Virginia Knox
Maddox, State recent for California of j
the Daughters of the American Revolu- ,
tion. Mrs. George Law Smith, vice- (
regent of Sequoia Chapter, responded to |
"Our Ancestors." Mrs. C. W. Morres, \
corresponding secretary responded to
"The Mission of Our Society." Mrs.
Thomas Stealey, a lineal descendant in
the fifth generation from the mother of
Washington, spoke to the toast, "Mary,
the mother of the greatest hero and
patriot that adorns the annals of his- '
°"Our Children! The Glory and Strength
of America," was most happily responded
to by Mrs. C. T. Mills of Mills Seminary.
Mrs. Sciplo Craig, lirst historian of the
chapter, gave a stirring address on "Our
Flag." Letters of greeting were received
from various sources. The greetings of
the California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution were represented by
a magnificent palm, the emblem of vic
tory, beautifully decorated with silk flags,
resting in a handsome blue and white
jardiniere, the whole supported by a ma
hogany tabourette. This fraternal cour
: tesy on the part of the sons was received ;
with cheers by the ladies.
A most Interesting letter was read from
Mrs. Mary H. Turrill of Los Gatos, wife ;
of the late Judge Turrill. and grand
daughter of Samuel Holden Parson, a dis
tinguished major general of the Continen
tal army. The lady, who is 90 years of
age, gave many incidents connected with
the Revolutionary war, as related by her
Illustrious grandfather.
The banquet was brought to a close by
the singing of "America, and a benedic
tion pronounced by Mrs. C. T. Mills.
Mr. and Mrs. Willliam J. McCloskey
entertained at their Post street studio on j
Tuesday last with a tea. Frederick Pauld- ,
ing assisted in receiving the guests,
among whom were Mrs. J. Dorman Steele I
of New York, Mrs. Alexander Sharon and
Miss Sharon, Judge and Mrs. Davis Loud
erback, Mr. and Mrs. John Flournoy, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Goodall. Dr. and Mrs.
John C. Spencer, Mrs. Sewell Dolliver, I
Major Otis Pollock, U. S. A., and bliss
Pollock, Mr. and Mrs. William H. Awry,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Folsom, Mrs. Isidore
Burns. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Symmes,
Miss Symmes, Mrs. Susan Loosley, Bar
oness yon hiroeder, Miss Ayer, Mr. and
Mrs. Irving Moulton, Mrs: A. H. Wilson,
Mrs. J. Curtis, Mrs. H. C. Videau, Mrs.
" Henry L. Van Wyck. Mr. and Mrs.
George Folsom, Mrs. John T. Dare, Mrs.
H. D. Lombard, Miss Ripley, Miss Craft,
" Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. 11. B.
Berryman, Mrs. Campbell Macfarlane,
Mrs.* Holbrook Blinn, Mrs. William D. i
•„ Scurlock, Mrs. J. Campbell. Mi. and Mrs.
Valentine, Mrs. I. Samuels, Mrs. Rimber,
Mrs. R. Brown, Mrs. D. A. Campblieu, !
° Mrs. Reynolds, Dr. and Mrs. Cherington,
Charles Taylor of Philadelphia, Frank
Denllberne, William Lathrop McClure.
" On Thursday Mrs. Scale gave a very
elegant lncheon at the Occidental Hotel.
Covers were laid for thirty at a table ex
quisitely decorated with choice spring
blossoms.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Dr. William E. Gomm
Of Savannah, Ga., and Miss Adelaide
Theresa, eldest daughter of P. Cleary of j
the Ilibernia Bank, was solemnized on
Wednesday morning, April 20, in St.
Peter's Church, in the presence of a fash
ionable company, which thronged the
■acred edifice to the very doors.
Holders of the dainty cards which se- |
cured admission to the church began to
arrive a good half-hour before the ap
pointed time for th« nuptials, and found
the church handsomely decorated with
\ plants and foliage, stately palms giving
a garden-like appearance to the sanctu- j
ary, and waving frouds of Woodwardla i
fern standing sentinel over the aisles.
With commendable promptness the
bride and her attendants reached the '■
church at 10:30 o'clock and proceeded to ,
the altar In the following order: The
ushers. Messrs. Frank Francoeur. James !
Rossiter, Dr. Hugh Lagan, A. L. Hart Jr.,
Thomas Mac&uley and John Rossiter;
the bridesmaids. Miss Alice deary, Miss
Margaret O'Connor, Miss Catharine Law-
Ter and Miss Regina Clean.-; Master John '
Willard Hogan, bearing the wedding ring
• on a tiny silver salver; two little flower
girls, the Misses Irma Fraacoeur and
Marie Payne; the maid of honor, Miss
Eva Cleary; and lastly the bride, leaning
on her father's arm.
The groom, attended by his best man,
Frank C. Clean', awaited his bride*
coming in the sanctuary, and on receiving
her from her father led her to the
priediou, where the happy couple and
their immediate attendant's knelt during
the solemn ceremony, in which they
, plighted their troths.
: Immediately the merry sounds of the
wedding march ceased, and then, as the j
■ sacred strains of a grand mass rever
' berated through the church, a procession '
of acolytes and clergy, richly vested, en
• tered from the sacristy and began the
solemnization of the sacred office. The j
pastor. Rev. Father Casey, was cele
brant; Rev. Father .McDonald, deacon;
Rev. Father Lyon, sub-deacon; and. Rev. ',
Dr. Morrison master of ceremonies.
At the close of the nuptials the blessing
of the church was Imparted to the happy •
couple, who then left the church, fol
lowed by their bridal train and imme
diate relatives, and were driven to the
residence of the bride's parents, 2919
Howard street, where a splendid wedding
breakfast was served.
Dr. and Mrs. Gomm left In the after- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF gig PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
TUESDAY - - APRIL 26t.1i.
GRAND DISPLAY OF
PARISIAN MILLINERY !
We will show for the first time Hats designed especially for TAILOR-
MADE GOWNS, showing a variety of Imported Bonnets for Ladies
Who prefer them.
Now Carriage and Reception Hats will be exhibited, which will be worth
your CAREFUL ATTENTION. P www
"THE MELBA."
This hat, which has excited much attention. Is nearly Amber Color
draped over the face. The rim, garnitured with massive clusters of
small roses arranged in studied negligee, in color salmon pink, with
chiffon drapery of tho same tint, with a bridge of autumn leaves over
the back, and finish with roses and black velvet rosettes.
CITY OF PARIsinoITcOMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
AddreM country orders directly to the firm and they will receive imme-
diate attention.
noon for Los Angeles. From there they
will make an extended tour of the South
ami E;ist before returning to the coast.
Annie Peard. the charming daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Peard, was married
last Tuesday evening to Edward Z.
Bowen, who is well known in mercantile
' circles. The ceremony was performed by
Rev. Mr. Morelatid of St. Luke's Church,
atid Miss Lulu Peard officiated as brides
maid and J. G. Buchanan as groomsman.
The home of the bride at U2l Jones street,
; where the marriage took place, was
tastefully decorated for the occasion. The
< happy couple received a number of costly
i gifts. It is their intention to spend their
honeymoon amid the orange groves of
Los Angele,s and then take up a perma
nent residence In this city.
Among those present at the marriage
were: Mr. and Mrs. Henry Peard, Mr. :
and Mrs. James Robinson, Mrs. S. Ar
> thur, Mrs. F. G. Shyder, Misses Ktta and
Kay Michael. Miss Lulu Peard. Miss M.
C. Cassidy, Edward Bowen, J. G. Bu
; c-hanan, F. G. Bnyder, Stanley C. Arthur,
M. C. Sorrels, John Peard, Colonel James
Daley and Dave Qronosky.
! An Interesting wedding «>n Wednesday,
! the 13th inst.. was that of Miss Julia Mul
lin tn James Burton Pinkliam. The bride
! is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James
; Mullin of this city. The groom is busl
: noss manager nf The Living Church, . ••
jia|M r of the Episcopal church of Chi- i
c.iK" The wedding took place at the res
idence of Mr. Htnl Mrs. F. W. Pilsbry,
1»:«» Deming court, Chicago. Mrs. Pils- |
bry is a sister of the bride. Mr. and Mrs. j
( Pinkham are making a tour of the East- j
crn States, and upon their return will re- )
: side at the North Shore Hotel, Chicago.
jKevj're Er.gaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Carrie Pels to Dr. J. \V. Levy, both of
this city.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
j Bertha I. Ogg and D. W. Williams. Miss
| Ogg is the youngest daughter of Simon
! Ogg, the well-known mining man of Vlr
, glnia City, Nev. Mr. Williams is one of
! San Francisco's popular young men. The
wedding will take place in the near fu-
I ture.
The engagement i.*i announced of Miss
Alice Main, daughter of Mrs. Medora T.
Main, of 911 Oak strett, and Francisco
< I'lloa, grandson of the last President of
Central America when it consisted of the
five States which afterward divided and
established their own independence.
The engagement of H. W. Wideman
and Miss Amanda Belmont Is announced. :
Home QatKerirvgs.
Mr. and Mrs. James Irwin of Randolph
Btreet, Ocean View, gave a pleasant party
In honor of the fifth birthday of their lit
tle son, Elmer. The early part of the j
: afternoon and evening was spent by the
little ones In singing and dancing. They
then retired to the spacious dining-room
where they enjoyed a plentiful repast.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Stella Beardsley in her mother's
rooms at the Sherman House, 28 Eighth
street, last Tuesday evening. The even-
Ing was spent In games, after which re
freshments were served. Miss Beardsley
returns to her home in Nevada City in
a few days.
I Gondolieri were entertained by Miss
Rocca and Miss Fontana with a sheet and
pillow case party on Friday evening, April
15, at the latter's home.
A very pleasant birthday party was
given by Mr. and Mrs. John Gallaway to
their daughter, Sadie, at their residence,
543 Alvarado Btreet, April 16. The hous*
was artistically decorated with flowers
and evergreens. With line music, a pro
gramme of singing, dancing, games and
merry-making, the. evening was passed
most agreeably. At midnight the party
proceeded to the dining-room, where sup~
per was served. Those who were pres
ent were:
Miss Sadie Gallaway, Miss Eva Qulnn,
Miss Emma Con. if. Miss Viola Payne.
Miss Edith Staitlish, Miss Katie Ryan,
Miss Mac Beachnor, Miss Annie Kerri
gan, Miss Mac Hallahan, Miss ireneMnul
; ton. Miss Nnra Callane, Miss Katie Cal
\ lane. Miss Mac Smith, Miss Lizzie Jtogan,
Miss Fannie Barry, Miss Katie Clancy,
Miss Fannie Judson, Miss Minnie
Judson, Miss Katie Galvln, Miss
Lizzie Fitzpatrick, Miss Mac .Mi -
Queeny, Miss Bertha. Miller. Miss Alva
i Tobin, Miss Josie Fitzpatrick, Miss Jean
nette Ackerson. Miss Violet Gorman. Mrs.
J. Gallaway, Mrs. J. Gorman, Mrs. G.
Ackerson, Mrs. W. Quinn, Mrs. J Hobin,
Mrs. J. Barry, Mrs. J. Mitchell, H. Cole
man, M. Leonard, W. Young. J. Miller
W. Pabst, J. Nolan, T. Dugan. H. WTia
i len, B. Crawford, G. Gorman, J. Simpson
ID. Drady, E. Hogan, \V. Smith, T.
; Dougherty, A. Peterson. C. Barry, B.
! Minner, H. Owens, J. Hallahan, J." Fitz
gerald, A. Watts, J. Gallaway, w. Mitch
; ell, A. Nagle, John Gallaway, H. Lirk.
Mr. and Mrs. Kern gave an enjoyable
i outing and dinner party on last Sunday.
Among the participants were: Mr. and
Mrs. Kern, Mr. and Mrs. S. Goldstien,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Culm, Miss C. Miller
Miss A. Dyer, W. H. Conn, Miss F. Rowe,
Bliss L. Ward, Miss R. Silverstone, Miss
. L. Holiday.
Miss Agnes Sullivan was tendered a
surprise party, on Thursday evening last,
at her residence, 3*!S Twenty-sixth str
The affair was in honor of the lady's
birthday. Among those present were Mrs
J. J. Sullivan. Mrs. Fisher, the Misses I.
Carney, Agnes Sullivan, May Powers,
Nellie O'Donnell, Marguerite McDonald,
Maude Fisher, May Morse, Josephine
• 'nine. Florence Kiley. May O'Donnell,
Lillian Wicht, Annie McDonnell, Pansy
Fisher. Missis. Peter Donovan, Frank
Telfer, Tim O'Leary, Archie Rewig Wal
ter Fisher. Albert Lyman. Eugene Laha
nier. Joe Wienholz, Jack Gleason, William
• Commodore McKee, Richard Teller Cap
; tain M. Scanlon.
Miss Bessie Novinsky was the recipient
of a most enjoyable surprise party given
at her residence, 431 Sixth street last
1 Sunday evening. Dancing, singing, games
and recitations were the principal fea
tures of the evening, and at midnight an
■ elaborate supper was served.
Among those present were: Misses Bes
sie Novinsky. Birdie Jacbbi, Esther No
vinsky, Fanny Fink, Annie King, Adeline
Sies. Minnie Schoenfeld, Bertha Pineus
Mamie Pineus. Rose Adler, Annie Gold
man, Hattie Peters. Etta Rudv, Mrs
Weintraub, Lillie. Novinsky, Gertfe Gal
lick, Dora Novinskv. Minnie Monasch
: Rose Monasch, Max E. Llcht, Sam Ro-
I senberg, Rudolph Rosenberg, John Lef
THE SAN FRAISTCTSOO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, IKOfl.
kovltz, Louis Lefkovitz, Harry Buro
vich, Joe White, Dave Lewln, Louis Ru
bensteln, Harry Adler.
Wednesday evening at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Irving Graham, 1716 Vallejo
street, a party was given by Harry Gra
ham, assisted by his sister. Miss Jean, in
honor of Miss Julia Nixon and Robert
Nixon Jr. of Yreka ajid Miss Amy Key
wood of Berkeley. The spacious parlors
and halls were tastily decorated in flow
ers and wood wardler ferns. The evening
was pleasantly sp^nt in vocal and Instru
mental music, games and dancing. At
midnight the guests sat down to a boun
tiful repast.
On Thursday evening an entertainment
was given at Native Sons' Hall, Ma«on
street, by Young Ladies' Institute No. 1
for the benefit of the sick fund. The
feature of the entertainment was a fare*
entitled "The Two Advertisements." The
cast was: Helen Jordon, a stage-struck
girl. Miss Corlnne Fisk: Lucy, a maid.
Miss Anita Green; Clarlnda Hastings,
who enjoys making lords of creation
ridiculous, Miss Helen IHxon; Mr. Jordan,
Henry Left matin; Marcus Brass, a theat
rical agent. Penny Sheerin: George Jor
don. a lover. P. J. Whitchead. Miss Fisk
made the hit of Hie evening. W. W.
Wedem&a was to Have taken the part of
George Jordon. but was taken suddenly
111. and Mr. Whltehead took tl>e part.
Glub Parties.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Western Addition Literary' and Social
Club was held on Wednesday evening,
April 20. at Native Sons' Hall. A large
and fashionable audience witnessed the
following excellent programme:
overture, selected, orchestra; bass solo,
"In the Days of Old" (Celia Coony). J.
Wheaton Leonard; cello solo, selected. A.
W. Nielson; musical selection, Miss Nel
lie B. Waters; selection, "Ah. 'Tis a
Dream" (C. B. Hawley), Arcadian La
dies' Quartet— Miss Mac Cullen, first so
prano; Miss Florence Connor, first alto;
Miss Edith Hanks, second soprano; Miss
Jeanette Partridge, second alto. "Box of
Monkeys," a comedietta In two acts, by
Grace L. Furniss: Cast— Edward Ral
ston, a promising young American, half
owner of the Sierra gold mine, Harry de
Lasaux; Chauneey Oglethrope, his part
ner, second son of Lord Doncaster, A. VV.
Jones; Mrs. Ondego Jhones, an admirer
of rank. Miss Mac Capwell; Sierra Ben
galine. her niece, a prairie rose, Elsie A.
Duncan; Lady Guinevere Llandpoore, an
English primrose, daughter of Earl of
Paynaught, Mlbs Heltn Dumars.
Dancing, as usual, completed the even-
Ing's entertainment.
The Sans Souci Club gave a delightful
outing at Mill A'alley last Saturday.
After a pleasant ramble through the val
ley the members enjoyed a lunch, after
which the rest of the day was spent in
dancing. Among those present were:
Miss M. B. Conway and Miss B. E. Dur
kee. who acted as chaperones; Miss Etta
F. Sheehan, George W. Cunningham, Miss
Emma Niles, Miss Juanita Castillar, Otto
Illnz, Miss Bernice Beeney, James E.
Degan, Miss Eva P. Hart, Roy Jack, Miss
Alyse Hunt. Misa Esther W. Lambert,
Roscoe Westover, Miss Carol yne Waller,
Martin Merle, Miss Jo Brown and Percy
Meyer.
The next social meeting 1 of the Pacific
Coast Woman's Press Association will
take place on Monday, April 25, at 2:30
p. m., at Shasta Hall, Mason street, be
tween Post and Geary. Following is the
programme for the afternoon: Piano solo,
"Impromptu," by Schuloff, Miss Mira
Burnett; paper, "Basic Outlines of Scien
tific Physiognomy," Mrs. Stanton (illus
trated by charts;; vocal solos, Miss Par
ENERGETIC WOMEN
IN NEW ENTERPRISES
ROOM IN A BERKELEY PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY STARTED BY TWO ENERGETIC YOUNG WOMEN.
SO much Js being said and written about woman's
work nowadays that the bright, energetic woman is
ever on the alert for a satisfactory enterprise by
which she can earn her living and at the same time
develop her talents as a business woman. All wo
men may not be preachers, physicians, teachers or lawyers,
nor is the kitchen the only alternative. Almost any intel
ligent woman can, by looking about her, find some em
ployment that is at once profitable and interesting.
One girl, while staying at her father's cottage at
the sea shore, suddenly found herself face to fare with the
problem of supporting herself. Educated without a defi
nite object in view, the outlook— to her friends— seemed
discouraging to say the least. But being a girl to whom
the word failure was unknowi. and domestically inclined,
she set her brain to work and conceived the brilliant idea
of earning money by serving the neighboring cottagers and
hotel people with ice cream, tea, cake, etc., on the piazza
of her cottage, which she arranged comfortably and at
traptively for the purpose. Of course everybody came,
not only to enjoy what she had to serve, which was of the
best quality and served in the daintiest, most appetizing
way possible, but to encourage as well.
At the end of the season she returned to town with a
-snug sum of money in her purse, her head full of ideas
and a light heart, conscious of independence in the future.
She rented two rooms in the business portion of the city
one of which was furnished as a kitchen and the other, a
large, pleasant, sunny room, as a tea room. The wall
decorations, furniture and dishes were Japanese, and a
prettier, daintier tea room it would be difficult to imagine.
After engaging a trim, first-class waitress, she announced
to her friends and acquaintances that she was prepared to
serve shoppers with tea, coffee, chocolate, bouillon, salads,
sandwiches, cake, etc., at reasonable prices during the
hours of 12 and 4 in the afternoon.
Within one month of its opening this unique tea room
had acquired a splendid reputation and was the source of
a very comfortable income to its proprietress. The secret
of the success of this enterprising girl was due to her in
sight into human nature. She knew people invariably go
where they can get the best for the outlay.
The morning hours were devoted to the careful prepara
tion of the dishes to be served and keeping the place ex
quisitely clean. Why shouldn't she succeed? Of course it
is work, but work brings success. Any girl of average
strength and intelligence can do as well.
Places of this description are an absolute necessity In
the shopping districts of every large town or city. Many
women object to the noise and confusion of large restau
rants and would gladly patronize a nice quiet tea room.
Another brave girl who had been carefully educated and
trained for the social position she was accustomed to and
always expected to occupy found, when reverses came,
that she was utterly unfitted to battle with the world!
Like many another well-educated (?) woman she couldn't
do any one thing well enough to make her services valu
able to any one. But she didn't sit down and bemoan her
fate and like Micawber, wait for "something to turn up."
Not a bit of it. Since she couldn't alter them she made
the best of existing circumstances and looked about her to
see what she really could do.
She had always been invaluable to her married friends
in assisting them to entertain and in that way had ac
quired considerable experience and self-possession, for
which she was greatly admired. It occurred to her that
she might continue to be useful to her friends and at the
same time support herself. So she called on them and of
fered to take entire charge of dinners, receptions, teas, at
homes, etc., for the sum of $5 a function.
It proved a happy thought and was eagerly accepted.
For most women know, especially those who have a mod
sons, (n> "On WliiKri of HonK." Mendels
sohn; (1)) "HtM-tttK Souk .'• Rubinstein;
(c) "The Robin " Noldllnger; aCCOmpan
iNt. HIM llurtii'll,
,The 1...r..|in Social Club gave a most
enjoyutil« prlviiln "picnic at Redwood
Canyon, miii Valley, Sunday, April 17.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
('onion llio MIHM.«B Grace, Loretta, Lil
lian. Niiiii. and Mattl« Newbert, the
MlMea Bantry, Mrs. Julia Kelley, Miss M.
AHstl.l.- MIH Hannah Murphy, Miss
Annie IvoJl««y, mi, s ,. s Cftlia and May. Mc-
Feeley.-Kminet Priest, Oscar P. Hicks,
Ben Perry, Roland Becsey Ed Becsey,
Georm Newbert, J. Conlon, William Mur
phy. John F^ney, J. Ilcaley. J. Brady,
Vharl^V h arl^ Cyßrlen, Thomas Lydon and
John QanTney,
On Monday lust a verj' enjoyable out
iriß was fflven by the young lady pupils
of the academic department of St. Rose
Academy The young ladies were ac
companied by their respective teachers.
Through the instrumentality of Attorney
\\ . Shot-tall and the kindness of the Gov
ernment officials the tugboat General Mc-
Dowell conveyed the young: ladies to An
grel Island, where a pleasant day was
sp.nt. Among those present were the
Misses Alma RlcCormick, Kittle Dalton,
T.tzzle Ross, (tussle Byrne, Helen McMa
non, l)el )e Ross, Grace Breen, Kittle
,\li. -ni 1 Maud Shortall, Lillian Thomas,
Grace W ulsh i, •'" li Grass. Katie O'Don
,',\ 'i'"" P m Ml '''"-nioit. Angela Shortall
and Eva McCormick.
Ir\ the Future.
The second grand ball to be given by
the Crescent Social Club will be held at
I nlon Square Hull, 421 Post street, Tues
day evening, April 26.
Sailed /May.
Among those sailing on the steamship <
; Alameda Thursday, April 21, were:
; For Honolulu -Mrs. C. H. Bishop. J. O. \
Carter and wife, R. W. Davle and wife, j
Miss Grace Dickey, Miss MilHcent Fell, !
Miss M. Gibbon. Miss K. Gibbon, Miss I
Alice F. Herrick. Theodore Hoffmann !
! r" d K lf , c ,' Mrß " H - W - Howard, A. W.
I ™TT \\ f MrB \ Z X " Myers. W. D. Oliver
I and w fe. C. dv Roi. Dr. W. I. Terry
! aya v n n i wlf< \, Mrs - V. E. Titus and three
, childr-n, Mrs. E. N. Wallace, S. W. Wll
j For Auckland— Seth H. Geer, Jesse P. I
j Jones, Edward L. Price. Miss Frances C. i
I Prince, H. Thomas Stodart.
; *or Sydney— G. Berghaus and wife, F. f
,J. Dennis Mrs. Lizzie E. Fisher. M.
| Joseph and wife, Jules Kahn. J. H.
j Pierce. W. J. Rucker, Mrs. T. C. Smith,
1J - &term , e tt and wife, George 11. Wood,
; wife and child.
Del Jvlonte.
DEL MONTE, April 23.-The disciples
of Izaak Walton are enjoying themselves
hugely here at present, and since the trout I
season opened fishing in the adjacent
brooks and rivers has been the all-ab
sorbing business for many. The Ameri
can girls are emulating their English and :
Scotch sisters, it seems, and several of
the young ladies down here can cast a
fly and play a trout with as great skill i
and patience as any of their masculine j
companions.
A Jolly party of New Yorkers that en- i
Joyed a day's fishing at Las Laurellas I
Rancho on the Upper Curmel River this j
week consisted of Mr. and Mrs. C. A
Thome, Dr. Chesebrough, Mrs. Isaac !
Martin, Miss Hay den, Mr. and Mr?. A.
A. Boyd and Miss Lansing. A dainty i
country' luncheon at the ranch house was ,
served for the anglers, and after a long i
day oi pleasure they returned to Del
erate income and social duties to discharge with but one
servant and that one often an inefficient maid, how very
difficult it is to appear at ease and what mental tortures
are endured when the success of an entertainment depends
on the management of a clumsy servant. It is quite im
possible to receive one's friends and at the same time direct
the servants. She agreed to help decorate the rooms and
tables, pour tea, at dinners superintend the serving of
courses in their proper order and when necessary help pre
pare desserts, dressings, etc.. thus relieving the hostess o*
all responsibility. She is kept busy most cf the time and
among her most intimate friends she is— when It la possi
ble—often a guest at the functions she so cleverly manages
Of course it is absolutely necessary to possess a
thorough knowledge of polite society, good taste and the
ability to arrange flowers prettily. And above all things
tact, tact, tact. Let the- girl who is doing this kind of
work never for a moment forget that during the hours
she is employed she is in business, not in society and in
sist on being treated in a purely business way by the
woman who is employing her, regardless of the footing
they meet on at other times.
Another notable business scheme undertaken by women
is the recent venture of two young ladies in Berkeley-
Miss Mary Bisbee and Miss Carrie Haskins.
They are photographers for business. They established
their studio in November last and went about it as if bread
and butter depended upon it, as indeed it really did
They had the advantage of each having been employed
in a first-class gallery, and luckily for them they had been
educated in different lines of photographic art. As their
plans of partnership began to hatch they bent their ener
gies to mastering every department.
From the first they, agreed that the gallery they were
to establish should be up to date and strictly first-class
That no gallery run by men should exceed theirs in reai
excellence. Then, they reasoned, a just share of patronage
might be depended upon. They had heard that many ladies
prefer women operators for themselves and also that
mothers believed them to be more skillful in catching the
pretty, natural poses of their children, as the little ones
feel more at ease in their presence.
The young ladies counted on all these things, but they
did not build on the patronage they were destined to re
ceive from the university student?.
There seem to be a large majority of these young men—
to say nothing of young women— wtio prefer the work done
by Bisbee & Haskins to any other. Whether it is because
they think their skill exceptional 4 or whether they believe
in the "new woman" type is not clear, but it is certain
that they like the combination of the strictly business
women and the graceful, dainty girls whose womanly taste
displays itself not only in their attire and general appear
ance, but gleams out all over the house from every nook
and corner.
Prior to" their occupation last November they leased an
old but comfortable house adjacent to the principal busi
ness block. Of course it had to be remodeled to make a
good operating room on the top floor. Then it must be re
paired, refitted and furnished throughout.
When all this was done the expense was only fairly
begun, for they must have high-grade cameras and ap
paratus in order to run their "first-class gallery" uDon
which they had set their hearts.
One of the young ladies said: "When we came on
November 1 we had nothing belonging to our art but a
lead pencil and a paint brush. Since that time we have
paid all rent, refitting, remodeling and furnishing bills
paid for all apparatus and last month were pleased to find
six bits apiece for our personal income.
"As we are now square with the world we expect to not
only make a good living, but keep abreast of the times
with our art. We shall never ask or wish for patronage
on account of being ladies; we shall compete with men on
equal terms."
Monte over the celebrated I,iiiirHla«
grade.
Miss Whitney, daughter of ex-fleore
tary of , the Navy William C. Whitney,
and two other New York girls, the Mlhhcb
Kernochan, , made up another fishing
party to the Carmel and Hun Jo»« Creek
on Friday. All threo young ladi«-H are
expert anglers, and a goodly number of
fine trout was the result of their day's
fun. ... i
Lady William Van Home, wife of Sir
William Van Home, president of the Ca
nadian Pacific Railroad, is here, with her
daughter, for an extended stay. Sir Wil
liam Van Home will Join them during
the coming week. •
The prime mover of all the gayety and
fun of the past week has been T. E.
Btillman of New York, and many delight
ful things of his proposing have been car
ried out. Mr. Stillmai. is of the firm of
Butler, Stillman & Hubbard of New
York, solicitors for the Southern Pacific
Railroad .Company, and is In California
attending to business connected with the
Searles estate. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Stillman and Miss Charlotte Still
man.
Some of the. notable names among th«
week's list of visitors are: Mr. and Mrs.
William Herrin, Miss Herrin, Miss A.
Herrin, Lady Van Home, Miss Van
Home, Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Smith, W. G.
Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McGulre,
Mrs. F. C. Plngree, E. H. Pingree. R. E.
Plngree, Samuel Wilmot, Mrs. T. H. Bur
chard, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Bun-age.
Francis Burrage, Mrs. Haskell, Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Hoyt. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Mitau, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Leggett, Mr.
and Mrs. T. E. Stlllman, Miss Charlottto
Stillman. Miss A. H. Bergen, Miss K. R.
Wood, Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Brown, R. C.
Kerens, Miss Kerens, Mr. and Mrs. Soper,
Miss Soper, A. C. Soper, Miss Whitney,
Miss Kernochan, Miss M. W. Kernochan,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Erhart and family,
Miss Mcßan, Mrs. Cyrus Walker. T. C.
Walker, H. T. Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. C.
A. Thome, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Boyd, Dr.
Thomas Chesebrough, Miss K. L. Hay
den. L ; ;.' * ."-.' " :
Duncarv Springs.
Among the guests at Duncan Springs
are: Captain Agar, Miss Fannie Agax,
Miss Emma Brookes, Miss Mary Brookes,
Miss Lucy Agar, Miss Emma Agar,
Thomas Mellersh, Master Claude Mel
lersh, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Parsons, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Williamson and family. Miss
Alice Taylor, S. L. Sanford and John S.
Howell.
personals.
Mrs. Hester Harland and daughter
Kate are guests, this week, of Professor
and Mrs. Edwin D. Starbuck at Sanford.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Magnln have moved to
1337 Laguna street.
Mrs. I. Magnin and Miss Ijucille will re
ceive on the first Wednesday of the
month.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Rudee announce the
harmltzvah of their nephew. Max Rudee
of X'kiah. to take place at the Geary
street temple, Saturday, April 30.
Miss N. Peters is the guest of Miss Mac
Foley of Santa Clara. She expects to
visit her for a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Younger "Wood
have removed to 2224 Grove street near
Stanyan. At home first and third Tues
days.
Rev. Ellas Tounan, S. S. P., has left for
Portland, Or., accompanied by Rev M D
Connelly of St. Paul's. "
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Koonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88 aa a o » '» a 22 sj!J ?s 22 ?2 22 ss 22 ssss 22 2? 22 22 »
I New Waists, ; ; New Belts, |
I Hosiery, loaders Ribbons, I
I Boys' Wear, [ 1 | Trimmings, jj
» '— =r— ' — = : «
85 / : ; 88
c 8c 8 We close the month of April with SPECIAL BARGAIN OF- 88
05 FERINGS in all departments of our COMPLETE NEW SPRING SS
a, STOCK, and we append a few samples of these offerings to $$
09 impress upon all the fact that they are gj
S YALDESjtONE CAN AFFORDTO MISS ! |
» LADIES' WAISTS. BOYS' FURNISHINGS. §
88 — 88
« <T| 7R LADIES' FANCY PLAIDS 25c f ailtl. mSl^rtth^S 2
88 3>I.ZD AND CHECK PERCALE , roll or Byron collars, pleated *&
o» waists, made In the latest i backs and fronts, and in a 88
~ style, ' perfect fit; regular variety of light and medium 5 .
88 price $1 50, will be offered colored percales, cheviots, •«
gj at $1 25. etc., also In black' and white «.'.
„ and indigo prints; worth 50c, c*
" C-7 RALADIB8 1 HANDSOME «ih be Pla * ed ° n Sale at "" fit
22 $/.bU PLAID SILK WAISTS, eacn - **
SS " lined all through, made in |r/A 92 doz. BOYS" DUCK SAII^ «
88 tne ' st l , e L nirifj 3^C OR SUITS in fancy navy 2a
" price $8 50, will be offered stripes and pongee effects, c.
» ♦ at $7 00. handsomely braided and with *°
88 combination shields and lan- 88
c. yard and whistle to each; o«
43 blouse and pants on sale
§ HOSIERY I HOSIERY! a ts o c ._ 2
09 <C 1 "?t=: 25 doz. BOYS' NAVY *°
« rrml ZpI.ZD FLANNEL, SAILOR SUITS SI
88 •^f\r> 300 doz. BOYS' EXTRA trimmed with red or white o»
o, ZUC HEAVY FAST BLACK BI- i Soutache braid and with if
5 CYCLE RIBBED COTTON lanyard and whistle to S3
•8 HOSE, double heels and each; blouse and pants on £•
2t soles, suitable for rough sale at 51 25 each. •**
wear; all sizes, 20c pair. . SS
88 iR. ' 150 doz. LADIES' FAST 1 NEW RIBBONS. §
2* IDC BLACK MACO COTTON ! *«■
*: HOSE, extra heavy, double; -IP. ALL-SILK FANCY PLAID 88
88 ' heels and soles, 15c a pair. i Z..JV RIBBON, elegantly assorted, o»
8« . 4 Inches wide; will be offered
» OK- 200 doz. LADIES' NOVELTY at 25c 88
ZDC COTTON HOSE in Roman »^i^7~"~ : _: *. 88
88 stripes and black, with fancy NEW RFT.TS a
88 - tops, at 25c a pair. xiwti JJXjX^J.L>. w
88 JUST RECEIVED— large consign- S
85 ment of BELTS in METAL, JEW- »
ss LADIES' UNDERWEAR. gt^S^ffiSS £ ANCT g
l ROr 100 WHITE SUMMER ME- NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS, g"
•5 DUG RINO VESTS, high neck and I *°
85 long sleeves, and high neck > Our assortment of TRIMMINGS la 88
om and short sleeves, also draw- now complete and comprises all ot
85 ers to match; regular price I the latest novelties In Jewel. Jet, T.
8? 75c each, will be sold for 50c. I ; Spangled, Silk and Mohair effects. 88
83 , == . . . 88 |
SS S3* 3 See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for Additional Bargains 88
8§ , : ' . 88
•* Er^* Our New Catalogue will this week be ready for distribution to out-o{* 88
r. "f^*^ town residents, to whom it will be mailed \rce on receipt of address. t '
8S . ======================== $8
SS Iff/ ff MURPHY BUILDING, / SS
li/i/ Market Street, Corner of Jones, / f
ft •"!
HOLLAND'S NEW
SEA FIGHTERS
Continued from Page Seventeen.
This is one of the moat difficult fac
tors in the problem. The men who go
down into the waters in these boats
must take their lives in their hands,
Once they are sealed under the hatches,
whether they accomplish their mission
of destruction or not, their chances of
return to God's sunlight are infinitely
small.
The advance of modern electrical sci
ence has rendered possible many things
which were impossible even a genera
tion ago, and therefore we may hope
for better results from the Holland
boat than from the famous Davids,
which the Confederates constructed,
and employed with such disastrous re- |
suits to themselves.
The firnt David, so named after its
inventor, was built at Charleston in
1863. The material used was boiler
plate, and the craft was propelled by
the power of eight men working a
crank. Three times was this unfortun
ate vessel tried, and every time she re
fused to rise to the surface after disap
pearing beneath the face of the waters.
All on board perished, yet men were
found ready to man her a fourth time,
when, marvelous to relate, her errand
jof death was successful. She made her
i way out of Charleston harbor, sought
I and found the ivorthern vessel Housa
i tonic, and blew her up with s. torpedo.
Unable to clear herself from the wreck
in time, she went down with her vic
tim, and this was the last of the Da
vid's career. Several other boats of the
same pattern were constructed by the
rebels, but they r.ever achieved any
thing of note.
Though this is perhaps the only re
corded instance where a submarine
boat has been successfully used in ac
tion, the idea, like most other ideas un
der the sun. is by no means new. It is
centuries old. As far back as the be
ginning of the seventeenth century a
Dutchman named Cornelius Drebel
constructed a submarine boat on the
Thames and induced King James I to
sanction its trial. Far in advance of
his times, he proposed to use artificial
air to sustain the lives of those on
board; but as history does not record
what became of this Dutchman and his
boat, we may presume that the enter
prise was a failure. The next inventor
in the field was a rash individual of the
name of Day, who in 1774 made a de
scent in Plymouth harbor in a vessel of
fifty tons which he had fitted out for
the purpose. He accomplished the de
scent right enough— most ships will
sink when the conditions are favora
ble—but he failed to come to the sur
face again.
A year later the New Englanders,
ever of an inventive turn, took a hand
in the game. One Bushnell of Connec
ticut built a vessel to be propelled by
screws, very much like those now in
use. At the end of the century Ful
ton, the famous steamboat inventor,
developed the idea still further. He
used compressed air. and with its aid
was enabled to contrive a boat which
actually remained four hours beneath
the water, at a depth of twenty-five
feet. The boat could be propelled in
any direction, and during a series of
experiments in Brest Harbor he antici
pated modern warfare by attaching a
torpedo to the bottom of a vessel and
blowing he. up.
Still, the time was not ripe for thr use
of a torpedo. For more than half a
century the old wooden w^llls and
smooth-bore guns were to prevail. Now
and again during this long period some
rash inventor would make tentative ex
periments, but nothing came of it, un
til, as we have seen, the Confederates
produced their Davids. The attention
of the scientific world was aroused
Nofdonfelt was the first to produce
a really modern vessel of this charac
ter. In 1886 he built at Stockholm a
submarine boat which proved capable
of descending to a depth of thirty
feet, and steaming sixteen miles at a
speed of five knots. Next year he built
a still larger one at Southampton, cap
able of steaming fifteen knots an hour
and developing 1000 horsepower.
Though the experiments with these
boats gave apparently satisfactory re
sults, it was felt that they could hard
ly be depended upon for work in act
ual warfare. The chief defect lay in
the motive power, which was steam.
Thus, when the boat went below the
surface, all draught had to be shut off
and the engines driven by the supply
of heated steam which remained in the
boilers. Of course this became rapid
ly exhausted, and in order to get up
steam it was necessary for the boat to
come on top again. In action such a
defect as this might easily prove fa
tal, for the boat might be compelled
to show herself at a time when the
enemy's guns could bear upon her with
destructive effect.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
* ur -Tr\^CTi"«iiiimi»iiwii nwi *
R WSJ" sr. {SSS9 SS^^7 ■^^SSnFm
hiißßHk V H
* Bii ifc/ m i ♦
, ♦
"^ Is most appreciated by tho*se not thus "♦"
+ blessed. Every woman who Is really de- .a.
1^ slrous of retaining the freshness and
"T appearance of youth — who would banish +
± sallowness, rouchness of skin and all i
facial blemishes — should come to me and '
•♦ learn the secret of beautiful white skin. +
+ SIX FREEIREATMENTS X
"*" Will be given. I will remodel and reno- ~^"
■+ vate your face; correct every defect and +
make it youthful, healthy and beautiful
+ LOLA MONTEZ CREME £?B? B ™ X
+. and tissue builder, a skin restorative 'V
■: and preserver of beauty, of known "*"
♦ 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER s&£jj +
"♦• a natural restorer, guaranteed to restore +
+ the coloring pigment to its original con- .
dition, thus reproducing the natural ■■"♦"
+ color of the hair. x
i SUPERFLUOUS HAIR SSSS^g^
"♦" the only means ever discovered— the -4.
+ Electric Needle, as operated by MRS. -T
HARRISOX. "^
TRIAF PftT Ladies out of town send- +
-f IKIAL TV I ing this ad., with 10c in x
. stamps, will receive a book of instruc- "*"
T tions and a box of Lola Montez Creme -A.
.+ . and Face Powder, FREE.
+ Visit My Parlors and See ♦
■f What May Be Done >
+ For You. * +
J MRS. NETTIE" HARRISON, *
+ DERMATOLOGIST, J
+40-42 Geary St., San Francisco I
• * + *t + t *♦.♦♦..♦**♦♦•Special to The Call from New York.
a UNIQUE sort of young creature, |
of the old fash- ;
loned feminine about her, a
h y\ maid minus ruthes, minus
(// \> dainty, Boft gowns and the frou
frou and ; ! 'c swish of skirts.
Will he the fashionable summer girl of I
rts have won in the transformation ;
American damsel. Bhe is now lay
tner "fixings," such
nev< r yet seen. Save for
ngs" do not look as
: for girls. Ex
■::■ mi t i Irl's trunks any time
June 1 and you will think you have
her brother's by mistake.
•Ivr she Is bound for the mountains
shore, country house or hotel, that
trunk will have none of the old time folds i
lingerie that make a man's
ri when ho sees their whiteness
iwn, 'neath a slightly heid up skirt; I
Tay of delicateW tinted summer
. -. filmy scarfs, tiny high heeled
ra to the very handkerchiefs with
which she rubs her little nose the sum- \
ffirl will be mannish, a being of plain
ts that are notmng else than
I shirts in reality— they are ?,, se
■.. ry short skirts, thick, heavy, big
Ine hat, or a mascu
wide brimmed one of soft felt.
Will ■' t- lis
year's summer eirl at all? Fate will
ring this, for IB9B's
summer maid i rrled away ■
em for a "sporting outfit,"
-■ .• gtr i • ., tl en, that hJw
nscard the j
• of poetry and romance.
would rather "make
slowly" on new fashions will eom
nd wear under the skirts that
only to their boot tops a lit
tle thin petticoat, unruffled and of
Bort. l:ut tiie vogue
( ,t th • array one's
In bloomers of white or black or
brown and go forth in the fields, along
, -.', on hotel piazzas sans
underskirts of any kind.
iif  will this very
modern girl of this summer be made.
Rubbers will be an almost unknown artl- :
dress In this new and curious ward
■ r her boots will be abso
waterproof and tremendously stout. ;
will be no headgear that the rain
■ . ■ folds of a golf cape
waist she can defy wind
weather.
and poetry aside, however,
:ture of the "sporting girl," the
n plate of the summer, will be a
pretty one. It will bo a bunch, an array,
of the gave.-* ciors, plaids of the bright
main, and so trig and trim
will be the fit of everything that the
Feminine figure will really
■
As« she Wans over to make a golf stroke,
a Quick drive in tennis, or scrambles
aboard a yacht, there will be a glimpse
SOME OF THE LATEST THINGS IN MEN'S WEAR.
THE SUMMER GIRL
OF `98
of gorgeous plaid hosiery, or else stripes
that rival the rainbow. Such a thing as
a pair of perfectly plain, patternlese
stockings will be unknown among the
girls df this year.
This costume will bring with it respon
sibility s of a novel sort. This loosely
arrayed damsel with no skirt.? to nold
up, nothing to Impede her progress., a
girl who Is "sportß" from the word go.
even down to her glove tops, will need
no Sir Walter Raleigh, m« she must not
■ masculine courtesii a and atten
tions in any great measure.
To do the new summer girl iustice, she
is not looking for any of these things.
are p< r r • knows, that
she must be willing to give up with her
permanent advent Into short skirts, and
tells her friends that this "going it
alone," without having t< upon
mankind, is going to be the most pleas
ing pan of th( new summer regime.
That, at all events, is the chatt< r of the
girls who ar,- now getting ready for the
s\immer campaign. Tailors and shirt
waist makers are at work, and scores of
the girls of the sets have their summer
"things" air- ady well under way.
The articles, down to the smallest de
tail, that this girl of ttte "new time" will
put Into her trunk as she leaves town are
now to be seen in the elaborate stocks of
the sweflest Bhops.
One Interesting thing about the new
"sporting gin" is that nearly everything
she wears this Bummer will 6e bought di
rectly from men. The bonnet maker and
the milliner arc- passed by for the swell '
The modiste moans !■•
"Mees" deserts her for the tailor who
will build two or three short skirted
"tailor mades" and her trav< ling frock.
The girl, In buying her boots, marches
Into the boys' department, Instead ol
women's Bide "i" the shop, and fashiona
ble haberdashers and outfitters are de
voting much nv<re -of their window sr>:!'y
and store counters and shelves to fer
n '.lungs than they are to masculine.
tit course the swell girl, when she goes
awaj for the summer, will have a long
skirt or two and a few waists that are
not to all intent:- and purposes men's
shirts. That evening gowns In silk and
mousseline. long petticoats, picture hats.
ribbons, laces, Huffy parasols and femi
nine belongings of that ilk n-iT'i ha
corner in one of the trunks of the fash
ionable girl is not to be doubted, but be
side the heaps of gay clothing this dis
play will be very small.
To begin with the "sporting girl's hat
Bhe will wear an Alpine, the most popular
shade and color being dark green. Th< b ■
hats are almost precisely like men's Al
pines, but the girls will w.-ar them with
a plaid or Roman band that has many
folds, and is. in effect, a scarf.
While Alpines will take the lead in a
girl's wardrobe this year, much interest
Ing taken in the new soft hats of
felt, very broad brimmed and so low
crowned that they are almost flat. Tho te
In all varieties of colors, pale, dell
lints being preferred. Pinks, blue 3,
yellow and light browns will be the fa
vorites. These are to be worn "squa
down" on the head, and secured. with two
long h;rt pins.
In shirt waists no fashionable 1 glr'. will
leave New York without at least a ..
in her "boxes." The very swell shirt j
waists made by the loading haberdashers |
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
cost, by the way, from ?4 to J'j each. She
will carry three of white duck, three of
light summer Bilks of wonderful patterns
of plaids and stripes, all very gay and
ousj one of line red flannel for the j
golf Held, embellished with gold buttons;
an< th< r < C red flannel, made plain and
without buttons <>f gold, and two of light
1 of odd patterns and designs,
waists such as these, in preclsi ly this va
riety, fashion sa\s will be needed.
This, nevertheless, will not be a suf- !
Sclent stock for the summ-r girl. Slit
must have otin rs, in such varieties anil
styles as she may please, of madras, lin
oi:s, muslins and percal< s, BeveraJ broad
Btriped shirt waists, smart and stiff, be
ing required, heliotrope being the color
that men have made the vogue of 1898
and established for shirt walsted girls.
Around her neck must go a stock of
white duck, stiff and precise as is a man's,
and from this depends cither a Very Large
of plaids of huge si«e<— wool being
the material of mat. -rials for this, though I
a "sporting^ 1 girl should not wear wool
ear ■ olely — or else a little bow, prim
anfl mannish, likewise of piatris. I m •
are many fantastic shapes and fashlon
of feminine neckwear to be worn in
conjunction with stocks on Bale, but neck
tie- made precisely like men's will be |
r- ally the only proper form.
Patterns and designs ol the new Ascota I
for wom.n are innumerable. In a general ;
way, it may be said that the most strik
ing and glaring phuds will bo the most
:.:;.. and should be bought, even
If you are poor and only partly" in the
swim. For it looks as if the girl who was
noi In a Maze of color in neckties would
be very much out of it this summer.
In tho Attcol are to fro "sporting" scarf
pins, thn new blanket pin, a huge affair
in gold, pins that are made In the like=
ness of golf sticks, tennis rackets, and so
on.
Over the shirt waist sits, when it Is
needed, the golf capo, tho jacket of a
tailor-made suit, when the skirt to that is
worn, or the new golf jacket of ml cloth,
a trim affair with bright brass buttons.
The skirts, worn to the top boots, will
include those of the tailor-made suits—
and fashionable tailor-made suits this
summer will be of light brown or gray
homespun, frequently homespun of a
bright mottled mixture, the coat with
■very short tails, the skirt rather closely
fitted -white ducks and brown linen.
A girl well equipped for small country
houses should have six duck skirts and
three of linen. Under the duck skirts she
wears white India silk bloomers, mado
very full and reaching to the knee, and
under the linens and the tailor-made suits
bloomers of black, dark blue or dark red
alpaca and of blue or black wool.
T<HE BUSINESS WOJAJLN'S
WARDROBE
BLI'E serge has been so long a fa
vorite for street wear that it might
seem to be out of date, but It is to
be used finite as much this spring
and summer. Made in tight-fitting short
jacket, with plain gored skLrt, It is too
serviceable and useful to be discarded.
In the East pray will be worn very
much, but the yhops here have few at
tractive acceteories In gray. Blue whip
cord serge made in coat like the model,
trimmed in fancy braid in black or blue,
with the Bame trimming repeated on the
skirt is a pretty novelty and very effec-
tive.
The coat lined with blue-gray taffeta,
with a silk waist of the same material,
makes a must satisfactory dress.
( me style of waist is made effective by
small box plaits from shoulder to belt,
both !>ack and front. It is closed under
the front plait. The stock and collar are
made from two shades of grreen taffeta.
Cut the ends for the bow of the darker
shade and line with the light, using the
light shade for the center knot. Make the
belt the same, allowing the lining to just
show above and below. Make it long
enough to pass twice around the waist,
and tuck in the end, fastening it with a
fancy pin.
There is a very pretty new linen for
shirt waist. It is fine in quality and comes
in stripes and plain at 50 cents a yard.
Three and a half yards will be required.
The fullness of the new waist comes in
the shoulder rather than in the neckband,
as last year. The organdies make dainty
shirt waists, as does also white dotted
swiss, which wears better.
In San Francisco cloth waists made
?\iite like the cotton waists are more com
ortable than the ihinner ones. Cloth will
be worn quite as much as the silk, and
wears better in the office. Waists are so
easily made and so inexpensive there can
be no excuse for a woman who wears old
"best dress" waist in an office. No em
ployer likes to see an untidy woman in his
office. He may never betray the fact that
he notices such tilings, but he does just
the same, and appearances count with
him. too.
The English walking hat, with high bell
shaped crown, trimmed in long drooping
quills, will vie with the plain parlor hat,
and to some women is more becoming.
In gloves the newest ones come with
stitching the same shade as the glove.
Many women make it a practice to wear
always the same shade of glove. As one
•who dresses in dark colors adopts a black,
another a gray, another a tan. Either of
the latter will harmonize with any gown;
another favorite is very light or white.
These latter some consider more economi
cal, as they clean so readily. It can be
done at home by washing on the hand
with a good toilet soap and milk.
Be careful not to make the glove wet,
and rub it quite dry on the hand with a
soft towel.
Thin dresses can be so little worn here
they scarcely pay for themselves, how
ever pretty they may be, but the wash
skirts will be found very serviceable.
There is a new material, crispine, at f>o
cents a yard, which makes up very pret
tily, and without lining will laundry nice
ly." Made with a short jacket ending in a
belt, to be worn over a shirt waist, it will
be found comfortable and neat for the
warm dusty weather.
T.HE BACHELOR, GIRL
JLND .HER PJWJMJIS
THE girl bachelor is leaving the im
print of her strong personality on
every article of wearing apparel be
longing to her sex. She has revo
lutionized the fashion of neck dressing,
and though strenuous efforts have been
made by the manufacturers to introduce
pretty chiffon and tulle fancies for this
purpose, tiie mannish collar and cravat
were never so much to the fore aa they
are to-day.
Not content with remodeling the out
side costume of her sisters, her cousins
and her aunts, she now steps in and, in
the superior arrogance of her position of
independence of thought and action, she
Bays to them: "You must wear pajamas.
They are more comfortable, and to-day
we are all for comfort, and not for fur
belows."
The edict having gone forth, we find on
the counters and shelves of one of our
department stores a full and varied stock
of women's pajamas. They are slowly
but surely gaining headway, and the
woman whose heart yearns for the filmy
lace, embroidery and dainty boribboned
robes de nuit of the past, is ashamed to
follow this essentially feminine longing
and reluctantly turns to the pajama
counter.
The Bwellest night dress Is, as we nil j
know, an elaborate affair, full and long
and clinging about one in classic folds,
and oh! so essentially womanly and be- j
coming. It is dainty and attractive, but I
\vi>t'uiiy in the way of the girl bachelor,
who has to jump out of bed to close her ;
windows, climb on chairs and tables to
put out her lights, and the hundred and
one other things which a woman, wheth
er she bo a girl bachelor or a lovesick old
time maiden, always leaves until the last
moment before retiring.
Therefore she will have none of them,
and having hoard from her brother just j
how comfortable and not at all in the
way the pajamas are. she has decided to
adopt, and by dint of repeated requests
fur thorn in the stores she has succeeded
in bringing the dealer to a realization of
thfi necessity of keeping these articles in
stock. So now they can be had for the
asking.
The fashionable up-to-date pajamas are
not bad to look upon, and it is stated that
they are by no means unbecoming to the
fair wearers. They are made of wash
silks in dainty colors and also of thin
madras and cheviot. The waists of some
Oi them are finished with silk cord, while
others are fastened with ribbons and
have laeo trimmed collars.
Those who have worn them say they
are fur cooler in summer and warmer
in winter than any other style of Bleep*
Ing garment. By their advocates it is
predicted thnt they are here to stay;
their opponents prophesy that they will
be sYiort-lived irt their popularity. The
dealers do not look for an extended sale
and demand for them; they say that, like
the divided skirt, they will die a natural
death in a very short time, for there is
nothing dearer to the dainty woman's
heart than her becoming lace frilled night
gown— nothing more becoming to a young
or old face than a pretty night dress.
Women, say what you may, strong
minded or old fashioned, are all vaiu.
and a fashion which promises to be un
becoming is doomed at its birth.
BRIGHT COLORS
FOR
"BEST DRESSED MEN"
BRIGHT colors and plenty of them,
unique and original combinations
of tints and designs, will char
acterize the gear of every well
dressed man this summer and spring.
It is to be a "gay clothes" year in a
remarkable degree. While the most of
the novelties are designed for the young
er men of swelldom and the gorgeous
raiment will be worn, in the main, by
them, there are yet temptations in the
way of garments and sundries put forth
for* the older citizen of the fashionable
sets that he will hardly be able to resist.
Thus every one of that portion of New
York's mankind that taUeS a pride in
keeping up with the fresh mandates of
tailors and haberdashers will begin to
display In a week or two some fantasies
of dress that will seem odd and novel.
Many of fashion's kinks this spring are
strange and radical.
You should wear a green flannel out
ing suit, for example, if you would keep
well up to the mode of the day as it
will be when the first hot weather comes,
a green flannel with' a tiny white stripe
in it, while the popular country' hat this
year is the dark green Prince of Wales
shooting hat, a soft felt that is left high
in the crown and is never creased, with
a feather, or. what Is still better form,
what is known as a "brush" stuck in his
band.
It is in Bhirts, hose, handkerchiefs and
neckgear, however, that fashion — and
the very beat fashion, mind— is running
riot with itself. Pinks, blues, greens and
yellows, all of pale tints, abound, and
are the best of form. The color of the
year, though, is heliotrope, used in bars
and irregular checks for shirts, and to
mark the pattern on a ground of dead
black, in neckties and hose.
The "best-dressed men," as the phrase
goes, seem to increase in number in
New York each twelvemonth. This is the
opinion of experts. There Is now no
young man who could lay claim to the
"title of being the very best-dressed man.
Where there was one some years ago
there are now half a dozen who rank
equally in this regard. More careful
thought is being given to clothes on the
part of the average young men of the
day, it is said, and the average standard
is "much higher. Probably five of the
best dressed in New York to-day are J.
Lee Taller, l<reuerick Gebhard. K. i.
Wilson Jr., V. G. Hall and Eugene de
P Shirts this spring show , mc h startling
patterns and tints. That which fashion
has set its especial mark of approval on
is a pattern of thin bars or color, three
bands composed of live of these bars
running up and down and . al * bands
across. Thus a suirt front of this sort
shows eighteen email patches of check
where the live bars cross five other bars
at right angles to them. The bars are so
narrow that the checks are not large and
make possible goou-sized open spaces or
white linen. This is a very effective
shirt.-- neither exaggerated nor yet very
"quiet." It is to be worn with a white
collar, but with cuffs of its own. The
shops are making them in pinks helio
tropes and blues, though the heliotrope
is the shirt that seems to rule. The pink
I here is very nearly a red. and a green of
i a pale tone is also permissible.-
Two other varieties of shirts that are
! novel are those that have their stripes
- across, one with rows of ban4s. about
half an inch wide and an inch apart, the
] other with a cluster of three much nar
rower bands, then a space of white of a
! width of an inch, another cluster of
bands, the same separation, and so on
' down. These patterns are yet in the
same- colors as those mentioned above.
Yet another stylo indorsed ,by fashion
< has bosoms of combination- colorings in
very pale reds and yellows, a mild, faint,
unobtrusive plaid, much like gingham
patterns. Shirts of these types cost $4 50
apiece. . ,
It is not by any manner of means the
'■ fashion to match the colored shirt with
the necktie that is worn. The neckgear
in its general colors should simply be in
harmony with the shirt. The coming
necktie for afternoon is larger than ever
before, fully a third as large again. | It is
tied in much the same Ascot or puff
fashion, only an effort should be made to
li.fve it - appear rounder and puffier than
formerly.
Some men have devised a very clever
way of accomplishing this. "When they
have adjusted the loop, just before they
are ready to fold . c lonK ends ov»:r and
put the pin into place, they slip a folded
sock into the loop, thus bulging that part
of the scarf out appreciably. When the
ends are folded over the sock cannot be
seen.
The favored scarf patterns will be a
figured heliotrope or purple stripe on a
black ground, a green stripe on a black
ground that is touched with a faint red,
a dark blue ground with a black stripe
in it, and the very new and curious
j viadier or vertical stripes of black on
I a blue ground. For men who want very
gorgeous colors there is a brilliant green
] silk patterned in a silver white, diamond,
; and a no less gay red with a yellow dia
i mond. For field wear the latest is an
■ Indian kerchief of red with curious white
j figures in it.
Scarfplns are athletic this spring. Tal
' lyho horns, French horns, polo crooks,
I golf sticks and racquets, all in miniature
i perfection and of sold, are the proper
i thing. For Sundays these are not cor
| rect. and the wise man wears a pearl or
a little golden ba»». The most fashionable
| of all, though, and that which will be the
most worn, is a blanket pin of gold, pre
cisely like that used in the stable, about
two inches long.
I Of a greater vogue than ever are stocks.
| The stock itself is invariably of white
duck. Nowadays it should not be
Starched stiffly. The newest has a piece
of celluloid that is slipped in on the in
j side to keep it stiff. The necktie or scarf
| appended to it is most usually of some
i pattern of red, for the stock's most fre
| quent use is on the golf field. There are
; many other varieties of stocks, however.
It is one of the newest fashions of the
i day for a girl to make her best young
; man stocks of her gingham gown pat
terns, that he may have neckwear corre
COLLEGE WOMEN`S
OPINION OF
COLLEGE MEN
I WAITED in the pleasant parlor of
the Girls' Fraternity for the presi
dent of the Associated Women Stu
dents to appear. A table with some
dainty tea things stood invitingly by,
delightfully suggestive • of feminine
tuste the world over.
The president, Miss Marion Whipple
of Los Angeles, is a typical college wo
man, tall, self-possessed, with an intel
lectual face. She grasped my idea in
stantly and settled back luxuriously in
her chair, the better to discuss the col
lege-bred man.
"The college men of Berkeley seem
! rather young to me, as I compare them
with the Eastern college men I know.
I think it is because we are allowed
to enter with less required work to our
credit. As to their attractiveness?
Certainly the environments are the |
most favorable for proper development, !
the environments of college life, but
everything depends on the man. With
out the right material to act on, the j
environment can do nothing, of course.
"One always wonders why some men i
ever come to college. I think men '
who never go to college sometimes are
quite as attractive as the college-bred
men, but it means more when they
! are. They deserve more credit for
i what they have taken on of polish.
"How do I regard the Berkeley men \
from the social standpoint? They fall
into two classes — one class, the small
minority, who are discourteous and
rude, I will not discuss. Their faults
are due most likely to wrong home
training; but the other class, the cour
teous, helpful men, I will discuss. They
are thoughtful of little things, and de
lightful at parties. Of course there
are some who have been spoiled, but
one expects that. Then they are en
thusiastic over athletics and the true
college woman likes that — she is en
thusiastic herself."
"Are not Berkeley men of the opinion
that the really nice, high-bred sort of
girl doesn't take a college course?"
"Oh, no indeed! That iz a. tradition
that has been handed down, but it is
pretty well exploded now. They like
us— that is, collectively. We are en
tirely welcome here."
"But is it not true that in extending
Invitations to hops they give the prefer
ence to the young society ladies of Oak
land and San Francisco?"
Miss Whipple laughed. "That is an-
other tradition. I have always thought
they invite the girls they know best.
The college etiquette is very rigid here
and acquaintances a not easily made.
When* the college boya get up a hop
they want the girls to come that they
know well, and those who have been
brought up in San Francisco and Oak
land naturally Invite young ladies from
those places — those at whose homes
they have been entertained most
likely.
"I think on the whole their standard
of womanhood is high. The sentimental,
foolish girl ia rot encouraged here. If
ever she comes here by mistake the
hard work or the lack of a.\ .reciation
on the part of the masculine side of the
university drives her away again. Col
lege engagements rarely occur — it is j
different from Stanford in that re
spect."
Very different from the quiet parlor
of the girls' fraternity h use was the
busy waiting-room at North Hall. Co
eds were everywhere and the air was
full of the hum o '. these literary bees. !
The two rather gloomy waiting-rooms ■
are the exclusi- c property of the uni- :
versity girls. Hr c they tell their se- ;
crets, prepare their lessons and eat |
their lunches.
Above the hum of voices floated the
| words: "He is the most out and out
i woman hater I ever saw. Of course
j you knov.' about — "
| My euide through this maddening
sponding to all her prettiest summer
dresses. Stocks of crcpnn- that is, tho
neckwear part of them of crepon— are
exceedingly popular as well, and much
in the mode.
Boots are little changed, the differences
being in still more rounded toes and bip
ger soles. Gayly plalded handkerchiefs
with no sign of white aro jihroad In the
land.
As regards hats, the top hat has very
little roll or shaping, the derby is much
flatter in the crown and very much
smaller. Small lightweight hats, even in
straws, are the order of the season. Knox
says that the green Princo of Wales will
be" the hat of the year for out of town,
though '.he demand for it has hardly set
in as yet.
The cloth in fashion is natural home
spun, rough hand-made homespun, the
top coat with a velvet collar and double
breasted lapel*. It is a single-breasted
coat, and has narrow turned up cuffs
bound with velvet. It is cut very full.
To be fully in the fashion you should
have a morning coat that is a long-walst
ed cutaway with a broad back and a very
full straight-cut front with flaps at the
Bide. The waist line is exceedingly low,
and will make this coat a marked one.
The pockets are cut below the waist
seam.
Waistcoats are more gorgeous than
ever, the patterns more pronounced. A
few Of these freaks of fashion it is well
to remember. A very favorite color will
be gray. A- popular frock co;u is very
long tailed, and of almost an elephant
gray color. Broken checks will be much
S' •n. The new waistcoat for morning
wear is cut exceedingly high, shows very
little shirt front and is colorless. A new
country wear material is of blue flannel
with a white stripe in the goods.
Golf waistcoats have become an essen,
tial part of a fashionable man's wardroba
The finest are sleeved.
throng smiled intelligently at these
words. "They are discussing one of
the professors now. There are certain
characteristics by which each one is
known."
A young woman with soft brown
hair and brown eyes sat with me in a
corner. She is a graduate student and
very bright.
"Do college women prefer college
bred men?" she repeated. "Yes, on the
whole I think they do. The facts
stand something like this. The college
woman of to-day is not the be-specta
cled blue-stocking of a former genera
tion. Many years of widening opportu
nities have come to accustom her to her
privileges and to emancipate her from
the freakishness of which in her social
isolation she used to be guilty. Is
this the line of treatment you wish me
to follow?
"Well, then, it seems to me that in
tellectually she stands on common,
ground with man. She doesn't forget
as she used to that spiritually she
is different from man — that there is the
feminine and the masculine in human
nature — that neither is complete with
out the other, that both are needed for
truest development. Her demands are
high-moral purity, intellectual insight,
and the strength to do and dare. Men.
must have these qualities in order to
\tin her respect."
"Are not these basal qualities which
one mi?rht expect in all men?"
"Possibly. The college woman would
be narrow indeed in her culture if she
despised sterling worth in a man be
cause he had not had her own superior
advantages. But in general society,
how many that are not college-bred
have these qualities! Political jugglery,
the narrow horizon of the business
w<rrld, and a tendency to plod along in
ruts is the common order.
"But the college man? Well, he has
been in contact with great minds — he
has had access to all the wisdom of the
ages for a time at least — that is, if he
wished for success. And according to
evolution, he can never go back to just
where he was before; there has been
infused into his nature a spiritual es
sence.
" 'As to the comradeship of life?' The
college woman can afford to wait ami
judge. She knows that life will be aa
she makes it; but as Ella Wheeler Wil
cox says, she will make it according to
the kind of man whose love she ac
cepts. And I believe I am risrht in
thinking that she more often trusts the
man who has had the same training as
1 herself, and the same broad outlook;
upon life and Its possibilities."
A bell rang and the graduate girl hur
ried away to a class.
Said the senior girl in her turn:
"Other things being equal, yes, But
unfortunately strong meat is not meant
for babes. And many a youth goes to
college with a mental apparatus un
adapted to assimilate the virile food he
must t*".ke in there. Then he is spoiled
for practical purposes and all other
purposes, social included. Unfortu
nately, again, the world does not dis
criminate in this matter. And a man's
ability to turn a few glib compliments,
to dance a deux tomps gracefully and
to insinuate himself into the graces of
the chaperon, is considered all that is
essential to his social outfit; this, how
ever, is the proprlum of many callow
fledgings, outside of college circles.
"No, this is hardly Lhc type to at
tract the college-bred woman.
"On the other hand, if the college wo
man is herself c weakling mentally,
and sees with distorted vision nothing
but a desert of books over which she
must eagerly td that mirage on
the horizon, a career with a capital C,
she is apt to lose tight of the vital
things about her and become that crea
ture men most dread, the rampant
blue-stocking. Then it is scarcely a
question as to whether the college man
will attract this particular woman— he
may, be he callow fledgling or not— but
he will have none of her.
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
Last month, as the result of the presen
tation of an operetta, "Queen Hester," by
the children of the Sunol and Alameda
street schools in the Hester district of
San Jose, the sum of $200 was cleared, and
has since been devoted to school library
purposes. Miss Frances Cole as queen,
Miss Rose Gardiner as Prince Perfect,
and the little darning, fairy, Rita Beniba.
took prominent parts in the operetta.
which was charmingly rendered, and was
a financial success.
"The Public School Libraries of Califor
nia" was the subject of a most interesting
and instructive address read before the
Calaveras County Teachers' Institute by
James Keith, principal of the San An
dreas School. In it the author gives a
short history of our school libraries, de
scribing their advantages and also point
ut their defects, and the lines along
they. might be improved.
John Sw< it was the author of the provi
(n our school law by which 10 per
of the State school fund, since
changed to county fund, provided it did
sceed $50, was set aside for school
library purposes. Mr. Keith says with
truth: "No nobler thought ever emanated 1
from man's brain. You may preach ethics
till you die, but more children have been
taught to master themselves, more char
acter has been built into the pupil by this
<>ne provision of the school law than by
all the ethical lectures in Christendom. At
the present day there are nearly 800,000
volumes in the public schools of Califor
nia, over 9000 of. which are in Calaveras
County, and we have not near enough."
Teachers are warned apainst the misuse
of the library fund to purchase text books
for pupils. This should only be done in
tire e&se of children whose parents or
guardians are absolutely too poor to pur
chase the necessary books. Improvement
in our libraries may be outlined as fol
lows:
•'The supply .of working materials— by
working materials is meant those books
i : reference ami supplemental work which
are absolutely necessary for the teacher,
pupil and every-day work- of the school
room. These in order should be: First—
A trood dictionary. Second— Such supple
:a.ry works as 'are. absolutely neces
tor the proper progress of the pupils.
■ Third— A few works for teachers' use to
■ t and promote the work before the
pupils. Fourth— An encyclopedia, not one
of the very expensive kind, but one that
is reliable and serviceable. Fifth—Addi
tional supplemental work to keep^pace
with tin- progress "f the pupils. Sixth—
A few standard v>"ks of literature, more
for the use of the teacher 'in connection
with pupils' work than for the direct use
the tatter. Avoid the purchase of
biographical dictionaries and geographi
. ttes until a circulating library is
ired. All required in that line will be
! in dictionary and encyclopedia. The
udicious use of the library will
maki Itself ff-lt on pupil and school.
Parrot answers to questions will cease.
Individuality will assert itself in each
pupil. A breadth of thought and
reasoning oftentimes surprising will
manifest- itself .in the oral and
written work of the. school. Children
have a much greater capacity for the
tract than we give them credit for.
Suit your language and teaching to their
conditions, and they will grasp the deep
thoughts of Shakespeare."
PLAYING FOR KEEPS.
Since Principal George Edgar of Niles
stirred up such a tempest in a teapot by
forbidding his boys playing marbles for
"keeps" the subject has been taken up
and discussed at length by the surround
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN S'iAR.
The members of the several local chap
ters of the Order of the Eastern Star
have been busy for some time past in as
sisting to make the Masonic Home Fair
a great success. Many of the members of
*;ich chapter have devoted many days to
the advancement of the cause and they
have volanteered their services until the
of the fair. The grand secretary
and the worthy- matron of Golden Gate
Chapter have charge of the flower booth
Posi Street, and there daily dispose
of beautiful products of gardens in aid of
the fair fund.
Golden Gate Chapter had work in the
Initiatory degree hist Thursday night.
Last Friday there was a good attend
"f members and visitors to Unity
Chapter, it being the occasion of the dis
trict meeting.
The visit of the district deputy to Oak
Leaf Chapter will be on the evening of
Thursday next.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
On every side are noticed signs of prep
aration for the proper observance on
Tuesday next of the anniversary of the
ing of American Odd Fellowship.
All arrangements have been made for the
picnic at Shell Mound Park during the
day by the Patriarchs Militant, Canton I
No. 5, the subordinates and the Rebekah
lodges, while the committee having I
charge of the entertainment that is to be |
given in the evening in Odd Fellows' Hall |
has also completed its arrangements for a
pleasant evening. In addition to the pro- :
gramme that has already been announced j
In The Call it is stated that Mrs. Lizzie
Stanton will recite "Wildey's Dream."
At the celebration to be held on Tues
day at Sacramento M. M. Estee will
Bpeak; Grand Master Drew will on that!
day dedicate a new hall at Upper Lake, :
Lake County; George H. Morrison will
address the (><ld Fellows at concord. Con
tra Costa County; William Henry Barnes'
will orate at the celebration in lone, and j
Grand Secretary Shaw will deliver an ad- >
dress at Kernville. Kern County. There '
will ho a general observance or the day !
throughout tne State.
The Veterans paid a visit to Farns- ;
worth Lodge last week, and the members j
of the old guard were received with a j
welcome that must have been cheering ;
t'i the men who have spent so much tim«
in the ranks of Odd Fellowship. There j
were, after an address of welcome by i
the noble grand, responses by President '
J. F. Crosett, Vire-President Robert J
Burns, Secretary W. H. Barnes and
others, and during the evening there was
presented to the lodge a flag cake, sent
from the home at Theramlito in ackiiowl- !
edgment of the presentation of an Am- <
■i flag by the lodge to the home a 1a 1
rliurt time since. There was also a fare- i
well to four members who will shortly !
for the Klondike.
Parker Lodge was visited by the relief
rommittee last week. There was a good
attendance and the usual good time.
Templar Lodge initiated two candidates
last Wednesday, and the ceremony was
followed by a banquet.
THE REBEKAHS.
On Saturday, the 16th, Mission Rebekah
t^odge gave an experience party that was
i.ill attended. Each member had been
jiven 25 cents with the understanding
that' the same was to be invested with
it view to make the investment remuner
ative, and each was to give experience in
money-making. Some of the members
■turned as high as 50 cents into the lodge
fund, and. their experiences were in many
instances very amusing. In addition
there was a programme of music and
song in which the following named took
part: Miss a. Ewing, Mi:;s J. Wimmer,
Mi^s L. il';;rn, Mrs. Lena Jarvis, Mrs.
N. Miller and Masters Antoine and Er
nest Fournier. The pleasant evening's
entertainment closed with dancing.
On the 10th and 11th of May Amity
Rebekah Lodge will furnish lunches to j
the representatives to the Grand Lodge,
and "n the 12th the lunches will be fur
d by Oriental Rebekah Lodge. Ar
tnents have been made to accommo
date 800 at a time. The proceeds of these i
lunches will be donated to the Orphans'
Home.
• kah Lodge will give a so
clal in Memorial .Hall in the Odd Fel
lows' building on tne evening of Saturday
next.
THE WORKMEN.
The first anniversary ball given by Pros
perity Lodge in California Hall last
Tuesday evening was one of the rriost en
joyable affairs of the kind that has ever
been given by any lodge of the order.
There° was a large attendance, of the
members of the lodge and of friends.
There were many handsome ladies and
gallant men who greatly enjoyed the ex
cellent programme of dances.
Next Thursday evening .Valley Lodge
ing community. Bom© of the outside
school authorities do not agree with Mr.
Edgar, but many others do, for to them
it Is not merely a question of playing
"keeps," but they believe that the more
serious aspect of fostering the spirit of
getting something for nothing should be
considered.
J. P. Garlick, County Superintendent of
Alameda County, In writing to Principal
Edgar, expresses his views on the subject
very forcibly: "Your views and mine on
the subject of playing marbles for 'keeps'
are in perfect accord. I never permitted
this game in any school I have ever
taught. I think you are perfectly right
to disapprove it, and it Is within your
authority to forbid it In your school."
Not less earnest a stand is taken by A.
H. Randall, principal of the San Jose
Normal School:
'•My opinion 13 that such practice
should not be permitted on the school
grounds. First, because the boy who
wins the marbles gets something for
which he renders no equivalent; second,
because it undoubtedly cultivates a desire
to indulge in games of chance for the
purpose of gain.
"This is a troublesome question, as it is
so common in California, and so many
persons who have not considered its ten
dency look upon it as being harmless.
Children should play such games for the
satisfaction that comes from the ac
quirement of skill and the pleasure of
winning without other stimulus."
The vice-principal of the same school,
R. S. Holway, writes: "Getting some
thing from another for nothing always
has a bad effect upon character. Playing
marbles for 'keeps' seems to me to be
morally equivalent to gambling in stocks
and buying lottery tickets— things that
are utterly condemned by all clear think
ers. I recognize of course that upright,
manly boys are frequently fond or play
ing marbles for 'keeps' simply because
they and the community in which they
live have not seen the problem clearly.'^
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Of all the many fine schools In Santa
Clara County the Lincoln is one of the
most progressive. Principal D. T. Bate
man, with his twelve earnest and ener
getic co-workers, look to it that no point
of Improvement in methods or teaching
or school discipline escapes their notice,
and the standard of the school attests
their careful management. This is the
first school in San Jose to introduce sew
ing, and at least a beginning in manual
training. So successful has the experi
ment proved that it is hoped in the
future that the Board of Education will
give these branches of necessary training
a definite place in the course of study
throughout all the schools.
It was during the present year that sew
ing was inaugurated in the fourth to the
ninth grades, each class being in charge
of the regular grade teacher. For the
boys' elementary carpenter work has been
provided, though this must at preseni
be carried on disadvantageusly in the
class room, the pupils bringing their own
tools. In time, no doubt, the large base
ment will be fitted up for this purpose.
Principal Bateman acts as instructor in
wood-working, and already the hoys
under his direction have made for them
selves rulers, tri and T-squares, brackets,
shelves, and done odd work about the
school.
The latest innovation in the Lincoln
School has been the formation among the
teachers of an Educational Club, which
was really an outgrowth of some psycho
logical investigations carried on by them.
The prineipai aim of tho now club is to
interest the children, who number 425. in
nature study. Gardening was the first
subject taken up, and already the large
grounds of the schools have been por
tioned off into various plats for all the
will celebrate Its twentieth anniversary
by an entertainment In Laurel Hall
.11 '•£ building. On that occasion there
win be offered an interesting musical and
literary programme.
The postponed entertainment to be given
by Franklin Lodge in Shiels building will
take place on the evenins of the 6th of
May.
Fremont Lodge gave an interesting and
pleasing entertainment to its friends last
Thursday evening.
By invitation Pacific Drill Team will to
morrow night confer the degrees on a
class of candidates for Oak Leaf Lodge.
l he same team will confer the degree on
a class in Oakland that is being- formed
by Special Deputy Imes.
Oakland Lodge initiated several candi
dates at its meeting last Friday night.
«* i p fi* a rf beln? taken for tn « Purpose
of instituting a new lodge at Butte Creek
Siskiyou County.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Mrs. Evelyn F. Mayon, grand chief of
honor, has issued a circular in which she
returns thanks for the honor of election
as the head of the order in this State.
The grand chief announces that the grand
lodge has been notified that it must have
500 beneficiary members by the time the
Superior Lodge meets in June next, or be
consolidated with another jurisdiction.
She urges the members to use their best
efforts to maintain an independent juris
diction by increasing* the beneficiary
membership to the figure fixed.
rn Mrj -.Emma Sturruck is chairman of the
committee that will tender a reception to
the hart °I?v Ce O e. the 4th ° f May in
The grand chief of honor will visit Peer
less Lodge at Colusa on the 24th of May.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The entertainment that was recently
given in Stockton by Stockton Parlor was
a most enjoyable one. There was a fine
programme of song music, vocal and in
strumental, an address by Past President
W. B. Nutter of the parlor and stereoptl
con views by S. C. Partridge, with de
scriptive lecture by R. P. Doolan of Hes
perian Parlor of this city. The hall was
crowded to its very doors, and the affair
was one that will long be remembered
with pleasure by all who were present.
After the lecture Mr. Doolan was the
guest of honor at a banquet tendered him
at the Hotel Imperial, where Mr. Nutter
presided, and a splendid time was had
The floral decorations were golden pop
pies and buttercups, emblematic of the
Golden State, and the table lights were
shaded with orange.
Alcalde Parlor will give a social on the
evening of the 30th inst. in Native Sons-
Hall. The committee having charge of
the affair promises a fine evening's en
tertainment.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps of the
Golden Gate Parlor will give its annual
excursion to San Jose to-day, leaving at
9:15 from the depot, and ten minutes later
from the corner of Twenty-fifth and Va
lencia streets.
At the special session of California
Camp No. 4 of the Degree, of the Argo
nauts, held last Wednesday evening in
Native Sons' Hall, fifteen candidates were
initiated into the mysteries of this beau
tiful degree in the presence of a large
number of members of the camp.
Marshall Parlor was instituted in this
city last Friday night by Grand Presi
dent Clark, assisted by other grand offi
cers. The initiatory work was performed
by the officers of Pacific Parlor. The new
parlor has eighty-eight names on its
roll.
Charles F. Bryan has been elected a
delegate from Siskiyou Parlor to the
Grand Parlor. Thomas Monahan and
John S. Williams from San Jose Parlor
John Anderson from Arrowhead Parlor"
J. A. Van Harlinger and R. I. B. Bromley
from Tuolumne Parlor, J. S. Nallv from
Liberty Parlor and T. D. Edelman and E
H. Roth from Corona Parlor.
Dr. J. J. Phister of Solano Parlor has
been elected a delegate to the Grand Par
l°r. vice F. W. Hutchinson, resigned, and
Charles Huffschmidt has been elected a
delegate from National Parlor, vice W S
Gratton, resigned.
R. D. Barton, the genial and well known
leader of the Sequoia band of Native
Sons, an energetic worker for the order
will be a candidate for the office of grand
inside sentinel at the session of the Grand
Parlor. If merit is recognized Barton will
surely be elected.
LA ESTRELLA'S MASQUERADE.
"The star shinea for all and it shines
brilliantly," was the remark of one of the
members of La Estrella Parlor Saturday
i night, April 16. when the parlor gave its
j private masquerade party. And it cer-
I tainly did shine, for it was one of the
i most pleasant functions that this parlor
has given. There was a large attendance,
and the onlookers from the gallery had
an opportunity of seeing a great many
costumes, as varied as there were wear
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APETL 24, 1898.
different classes and planted with lettuce,
radishes, peas and other vegetables. The
pupils take great interest and pride in
their gardens, and their daily observa
tions as to the growth of the products are
all carefully recorded.
Indoors each class rootn contains its
aquarium, in which may be seen toads'
and frogs' eggs, snails, slugs, sala
manders, minnows and polywogs in all
stages of development. Wheat and beans
and other growing plants are also care
fully studied close at hand.
The plan of study of these forms of
plant and animal life is practically the
same as those outlined in the book on
nature study by Dr. Jenkins of Stanford,
and In "Our Shy Neighbors." by Mrs. M.
A. B. Kelly, both being of great aid to the
teachers. After the latter give their talks
on the specimens studied, the children
are encouraged to tell what they know
about the subjects by actual observation
and experience, which they do by draw
ing, and both orally and by composition,
the latter proving line language work.
The club has so far been very success
ful and its work of great profit both to
ers. Some of the characters were orig
inal, others were rich and many were
unique. The affair was under the direc
tion of Mrs. E. AiEreltinger, Mrs. Gale,
Mrs. Carlie, Miss Reichmiller, Mrs. Cal
lett. Miss Minnie Klovershal. Miss Tillie
Rothman, Mrs. Granger and Mips Hanley.
The floor manager was Charles Hansen.
During the grand march the following
named acted as judges: Mrs. Minnie
Kalloch of Sans Souci Parlor, Miss Minnie
Van Btaden of Golden Gate Parlor. Miss
Burke of Las Lomas Parlor, Miss Hinck
of Oro Fino Parlor, Miss Maurey of
| Buena Vista. Parlor and Dr. Campbell of
I Fremont Parlor. Theso judges awarded
! the first, prize to Mrs. Sieward for the most
j beautiful costume, the second to Mrs.
. Julia Neubartn for the most original, ''the
; Klondike nugget," and the third, for the
best - sustained character, the "Organ
; Woman."' to Miss Tlllle Rothman. For
; gentlemen, the first prize, for handsomest
| costume, went to William Kells, who rep-
I resented the "Sultan.". The second was
for the most original. That wont to J. J.
! Sullivan, who represented the "Klondike
; Traveler." The host-sustained was won
' by a lady. Miss Miller, who represented a
■ blind man. Those who took part in the
| cake walk made a fine display, and the
I prize, a fine painting of a bum h of lilacs.
j presented by "An Admiror of the Native
I Daughters, particularly La Estrella Par
| lor," went to Mrs. Gale, who represented
j the "Black Patti," and to her escort. One
i of the attractive costumes was the "Bear
I Flag," represented by Mrs. Dr. Bolder
: man, and another was a cowboy in a
; genuine costume borrowed from a Texas
I cowboy, worn by R. D. Barton, but the
\ judges evidently did not catch sight of
j these, consequently no prizes.
BT'ENA VISTA'S PARTY.
The Farmers' dance given last Monday
nlpht in Native Sons' Hall by the mem
bers of Buena Vista Parlor was one of
the successes of this enterprising parlor
of the Native Daughters. There was a
good attendance, and the rule that none
should appear on the floor unless attired
in dresses made of wash goods, so far
as it applied to the ladies, was well car
ried out. The decoration were novel, be
i ing an artistic arrangement of vegetables
which at first had the appearance of flow
ers arranged in garlands, but a closer
Inspection disclosed what made up the
display. On the stage there was a fine
display of dead beets, not beats but beets,
and the ladies of the parlor took advant
age of the similarity of sound to play
a joke on the visitors. Miss Annie
Worth of the reception committee took
great delight in calling the attention of
I guests to what "the parlor does with dead
beets." Those who went toward the
stage were confronted with a placard
which read: "We place dead beets on
exhibition so that all may see them."
The grand march was led. not as is the
usual form by a lady and gentleman, but
by the floor director. Miss Rhea, Murray,
and Miss Emma Bening, her assistant,
who were followed in pairs by the floor
committee, consisting of Mrs. Ella Wehe,
Mis* Pauline Eberhardt. Mrs. Lucia Neu
! l.arth, MIBB Bertha Belau, Miss Mollie
Long and Miss Mamie. Wells. There was
an excellent programme of dances, and
there never was a merrier party in the
hall than there was on that Monday
night.
LITTLE TRYPHINA'S PARTY.
Last Thursday night there was a good
attendance at Shasta Hall in the Native
Sons' building on the occasion of the first
party given by Little Tryphina Pritchard,
San Francisco's phenomenal elocutionist.
This little one, who about a year ago
first made her appearance at fraternal
open meetings in fancy dances and recita
tions, attracted considerable attention and
it was not long before it became appar
ent that she was a natural elocutionist,
whose delivery is as perfect as that of
individuals who have devoted years to
the study of this branch, and her man
ners and gestures, as well as expression
of face, are aiways in perfect harmony
with the lines she speaks. She is yet too
young to fully appreciate her own worth,
but under the tutelage of Miss M- r>rev
fus, who has taken an unusual interest
in her, she is being perfected for the
stage. If she continues to advance as she
has in the past year, not many years will
pass before Tryphina Pritchard will ap
pear in the line of stars of the American
stage. "Bhe programme of the evening in
cluded a fancy dance and recitations by
Miss Pritchard, instrumental music by
Mr. and Mrs. Krone and Miss Phoebe Gib
son, accompanied by Miss Belle Shoul;
vocal selections by Mrs. E. Burns, Miss
M. Dreyfus and B. L. Tarbox; fancy
dances by Freda Rhen. Lillian Dolliver
and Little Gladys Weller and recitations
by Miss Dottle Baxter and Miss Katie
Krone. The party closed with a dance.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Berkeley Council gave a ladles' night in
American Hall, Berkeley, last Monday
night, at which there was a very good
attendance. There was an address by
President B. W. Hayne of the council,
musical selection by the Berkeley High
School orchestra, recitation by Joseph
Semeria, vocal solos by Mrs. Dr. F. ,R.
Woolsey, Mr. Davis and F. R. Fowden,
specialties by F. K. Nugent and selec
tions by the Berkeley quartet. All the
talent was loudly applauded, and each
Was forced to give an encore. A dance
and a collation followed the programme.
California Council had an unusually in- i
teresting meeting last Tuesday night. j
Aftpr the routine business had been |
transacted and T. S. Malloy had been
elected a delegate to the cabinet, vice W.
R. Preishach, resigned, there were vocal
selections by the quartet, a very flue
tenor solo by J. St-meria, barytone solo
by \Y. L. Girard. i aca of these was en- i
cored. There werf- addresses by James
E. Field, J. N. Bunting. N. R. Arter, P. i
CahanrrS of Chicago. F. H. Hastings and j
; H. A. Graves, and a spirited debate on
I war by C. J. King and J. Taylor ;
; Rogers on "Should the I'nited Slates En- j
In War With Spain?" The addresses
.irniip.-d a great deal of enthusiasm, and
the speeches were eloquent and patriotic
utterances.
Each council has received its allotted
number of tickets to the entertainment to
be eivon in Odd Fellows' Hall on the
evening of the 19th of May. in celebration
of the anniversary of the founding of the
order. A very fine programme has been
arranged for the occasion.
Notices have been sertt out to the ef
fect that there will be no beneficiary as
sessment for April. From indications it
looks as if there would not bo any call for
an assessment in the month of November.
It if believed that there will not be any
that month, unless some unlooked for j
cause should present itself.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST, F.
O. A.
Upon the visit to Chico, Butte County,
on the 13th inst., of Mrs. Emma Harring
ton, grand chief companion of the Com
panions of the Forest, F. O. A., she,
in company with Grand Secretary Miss
Bremer, instituted Pride of Butte Circle
No. 330. The grand officers were assisted
by fourteen members of Orange Blossom
Circle of Oroville, who performed the
work of institution and initiation in a
most satisfactory manner. The kindness
of these members was publicly acknowl
edged by the grand chief companion. The
new circle has selected first-class officers,
who will do much to make the organiza
tion a popular one. The institution was
followed by a banquet.
The folio-wing night the grand officers
visited Orange Blossom Circle and were
received in a manner that was most grat
i ifying. The officers were well up in the
work, as they demonstrated at the exem
plification in the hall, which had for the
occasion been turned into a fairy bower,
c.c chief decoration being orange blos
soms. During the evening Past Chief
Companion Miss Marks presented the
grand chief companion with a handsome
bunch of the north's most beautiful flow
ers.
On Friday an official visit was paid to
Yuba Circle in Marysville. and there the
reception was one of the most cordial
that the grand chief companion has re
ceived during her recent tour. The offi
cers were especially commended for the
perfect manner in which they exempli
fied the work.
Last Tuesday the grand chief compan
ion and other grand officers visited Pre
sidio Circle in this city, and the recep
tion they received was a flattering one.
There was an admirable exemplification
of the floor and memorized work, and this
was praised by the chief officer. Grand
Sub-Chief Coburn, Grand Trustee Mrs.
Jacobs and others. The grand officers
and other were treated to a collation.
Last Wednesday the circle *at Wood
land was officially visited.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The hall of Social Council was filled by
a large audience last Thursday night on
the occasion of the consolidation of the
membership of California Council with it.
Twenty-eight members of California
Council were added to Social Council, in
the presence of at least 100 members of
the order. The ceremony was performed
by Grand Recorder Wallis, assisted by
Deputy Gibson. This was witnessed by a
number of grand, officers, and at its close
those who remained were invited to the
banquet-hall, where they were made to
feel at home at the collation that had
been prepared for them. A. G. Baker, the
recording secretary of Social Council, was
the master of ceremonies.
Last Wednesday night ten councils of
the order were represented at the visit
of Progressive Council to Washington
Council. The grand officers were repre
sented by Grand Councilor Boehm, Grand
Recorder S. C. Wallis and Grand Prelate
Mrs. Sweeney. There was a good at
tendance of members, and after the busi
ness of the evening was over there was a
programme that included an address by
the grand councilor, one by the grand re
corder, recitations by Miss Irene Johnston,
Charles Stone, W. B. Dunlap and a short
talk by E. A. Street. At the conclusion
of this talk Mr. Street, on behalf of Con
cord Council, presented a handsome badge
to M. S. Beardsley in recognition of the
council's appreciation of her services.
Pacific Council had work in the initia
tory degree last Friday night.
The Chosen Friends' picnic will be held
in Finger's Grove at Redwood City on the
30th of May.
JUNIOR COURT, F. O. A.
Junior Court Pride of California, Forest-
teachers and. children. The former meet
with Principal Bateman every Thursday
to map out the study for the following
week.
ABOUT THE SCHOOLS.
During the past week President Bar
rington of the Hoard of Education gave
the San Francisco school children a fine
lesson in patriotism.
* ♦ *
Country schools all over the State are
Indulging in picnics.
• • »
H. W. L»ynch of Centerville has an
nounced himself a candidate for the of
fice of County Superintendent of Schools.
i
READING OF TEACHERS.
There are none greater or more exten
sive readers than the people of the United
States. This is apparent from the vast
number of publishing houses, each of
which Issues thousands of volumes an
nually; from the hosts of magazines,
pamphlets and newspapers published In
ers of America, composed of youths be
tween the ages of 12 and 21, is one of
the oldest organizations of its kind in
the United States, and the fact that it
is qow in the twentieth year of its ex
istence is proof that there is an excep
tion to the saying that, "boys' organiza
tions cannot last more than a year." The
court charges 20 cents a month dues, and
furnishes doctor and medicine. The boys
transact all their own business, elect
their own officers and are close students
of parliamentary law and become versed I
in the art of addressing public meetings.
This court, which already has a good
membership, has reopened its charter arid
will keep it open until next July to give
all youths an opportunity to join, and for
that purpose the initiation fee has been
Axed at if) cents. Recording Secretary
L. Michaels will furnish application
blanks at the hall of the court in the
Alcazar building.
On the evening of the 10th of May the
court will give an invitation concert in
the Sherman-Clay Hall. Professor Mar
tinez and Professor Yon Ocr will con
tribute to the evening's entertainment.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Lodge
Monday there w;ls present, as a visitor,
Luther G. Wheeler, grand reporter of the
St.it* of Minnesota and special supreme
deputy of that State. The visitor spoke
in hierh terms of the initiation he wit
nessed and of the lodge work. He spoke
in encouraging terms of the work the
order is doing in Minnesota, and declared
that that section expects to have a large
accession during the year.
R. B. Geirhe of Liberty Lodge paid
his first visit as deputy to Anchor Lodge
last Monday, ajid was received with a
hearty welcome by the membership.
With the assistance of W. J. Thompson,
G. V. D., and R. A. A. Summers, D.D.,
he conferred the degree on one candidate.
Grand Reporter Johnstone conferred the
degree on two candidates for Prescott
Lodge last Wednesda;. . The lodge re
ceived two applications and elected J.
Sterncher reporter, vice E. M. Petrie,
resigned.
Center Lodge initiated fifteen members
last Wednesday, and the lodge now has
seven applications before the supreme
medical examiner.
The grand dictator sends pood reports
from the lodges he visited last week in
San Joaquin, Fresno and adjacent coun
ties.
Grand Trustee Vincent is recovering
from his recent illness and will soon be
able to attend to important business
which was laid over on account of his
illness.
The silver anniversary of the institution
of the order will be observed in grand
style by the knights. The first lodge,
"Golden." was instituted in Louisville,
Ky., June 30, 1873, with seventeen mem
bers. There are now SOW lodges and 100,0u0
members. In that time $82,000,000 has been
paid to widows, orphans and dependents,
and $11,000 has been paid for the relief of
members.
THE JUNIORS.
The following committees have been
appointed: Finance — D. B. Bowley, Dr.
A. M. Flood and Z. T. Whitten; creden
tials—D. Connors of Los Angeles, G. D.
Kellogg of Newcastle and D. S. Stanley
of Alameda; laws— P. Salisbury of Berke
ley, M. G. McClintock of San Francisco
and J. M. McCurrie of Oakland; legisla
tive—J. F. Burns of Los Angeles. C. W*
Collins of San Jose, B. E. Burns of Moun
tain View, G. S. Gilniore of Sacramento
and R. F. Burns of Auburn.
A proposition to consolidate Henry Clay
Council and Custer Council did not meet
with the requisite number of votes to
carry it through.
Custer Council will give an "evening at
home" next Tuesday evening.
..^onroe Council had a pleasant meet
ing a short time since. It is doing work
in the line of increasing the membership.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
At the meeting of Court Yerba Buena
last Tuesday night there was the initia
tion of one candidate and T. W. Waite
was elected chief ranger, vice A. H. Bo
lion, resigned. The newly elected officer
will be installed on Tuesday next. Under
good and welfare, the recording secre
tary, Benjamin I. Salomon, enter
tained the members of the court with se
lect readings and his efforts in that line
were rewarded with well-merited ap
plause.
THE DRUIDS.
Aurora Grove at its last held meeting
initiated two candidates, elected officers
and adopted new by-laws.
Perseverance Grove at its last held
meeting elected officers and conferred the
third degree on several candidates.
Verdi Grove at Healdsburg received a
class of twelve candidates at its last held
meeting.
Guerneville Grove initiated one candi
date lass week, as did also San Francisco
Grove.
Noble Grand Arch H. J. Goller has been
conlined to his home for some time with
an attack of sciatica, but hopes to be
out again in a few days.
The committee of arrangements met
last Monday and concluded its arrange
ments for the grand grove picnic to be
given at San Rafael.
every part of the Union and from the ;
immense quantity of foreign books im- \
ported. Yet, withal, Americans as a class i
have been accused of being very shallow
In real, actual knowledge and very super- j
! ficial and singularly inaccurate in matters
pertaining to science and literature. If
1 the European critic is to be believed, the
average American reads a little of every- ,
I thing and never much of any one thing.
Amusement, we are told, not mental
profit; reputation for possessing an ex- ■
tensive and general information rather
than being thorough and accurate in a j
! limited field of knowledge are the pre- j
| vailing motives for both reading and j
study on this side of the Atlantic. Now, ;
! while the writer is far from concurring in
these sweeping statements of our friends
over the sea, yet he is obliged to admit
that there is a substratum of truth In
their criticism. It is unfortunately true j
that millions have no higher or more j
I noble motive for reading than mere I
! amusement, mental intoxication or the
' whiling away of leisure hours.
The number of persons who have a sys
tem about their reading and stick to that |
! system with a dogged pertinacity which ;
I means success, and who, in pursuance of !
i their plans, set apart from the hours de
voted to the daily cares and duties of life i
: a time to be sacredly reserved for literary
i and scientific reading, is lamentably ;
small. Spasmodic work in any depart- ;
■ ment of labor, however energetic or ex- i
hausting its performance at the time,
i never has and never can accomplish
! much.
This is as true of reading as of any
other labor. The man, then, who would
make reading of the greatest profit to
himself must set apart a regular time for i
the pursuit; not allow other pursuits to
rob him of that time; must study to un
derstand the author's words and thence
his thoughts; must use all help that will
aid him to do this; and should read slow
ly, carefully and meditatively. He would
do well to write down remarks, criticisms,
thoughts on the author's views, and
should in every possible way become im
bued with the very spirit of the writer.
Will not the result obtained, in accuracy
of thought, in definiteness of view, in cer
tainty of knowledge, far more than com
pensate for all the tiro-e and troubi*-
which such a course or reading must
necessarily cost?
Now in no profession should more time
be devoted to careful and thorough read
ing than in that of teaching. To perform
with ordinary success and with ordinary
! satisfaction, the work of each day as it
j comes, requires much study and painstak
ing preparation, but any teacher who in
doing this confines himself to the text
books will soon find himself far behind
the demands of the age.
The true teacher will read the news
paper as he should, with scrupulous at
tention and care and for the purpose of
learning and remembering. A sad ten
dency to skim is often developed by the
i habit of reading a little here and there
through a half dozen or more newspapers
and magazines, a habit contracted on thf
score that the teacher has not time for J
more accurate work. Now this habit i
I often unfortunately sticks to one when
, called upon to give serious attention to
I reading of a more solid nature.
While the teacher ought to be thor- !
; oughly acquainted with all the vital is
sues of the day and should know what !
progress science, literature and art are !
| from time to time making, he cannot :
! afford to waste valuable hours in profit- I
I less reading, or to contract the pernicious ]
] habit of skimming. Let him therefore j
I choose the very best newspapers and I
: magazines and only read from these the
best articles, and let the reading of thppe
be careful and thorough; as it is not the
amount of food eaten that, nourishes the
; body and causes it to grow, but the
amount digested and assimilated, so it is
i certainly not the amount read but the
I amount understood, and then remem
bered, stored away in the recesses of the
! brain, to be called forth at a moment's
; warning when wanted, that will give us
: mental power. As food of poor quality
! or in Improper quantity will often check
{ or even prevent assimilation, so does in
CAN WOMEN PLAY WHIST?
j We received a communication a few weeks j
i ago asking us to express our opinion on this |
subject. If the question refers to the women |
of California I will say the question might as ;
well be asked, "Can men play whist?"
I can select twenty-five ladies from the Trist
Duplicate and San Francisco Whist Clubs of i
this city and play to a standstill the same ]
number of men, and select them from any
whist clubs in the city or State. In other !
words, they would win just as many matches j
from the men as the men could from the i
women.
The quality of whist that the ladies will
play will stand just as close criticism as the
play of the men. To answer our lady corres
pondent in a few words we will say: "Yes.
the women can play whist just as gr>o.l as the
men— if not a little better— in San Francisco."
The reason is they are not ashamed to study.
WHAT MR. WORK THINKS OF THE
WOMEN IN THE GAME.
While Mr. Work was our guest a few weeks
ago we had several interviews with him on
subjects pertaining to whist. We were anxious
to know his opinion in regard to the whist play
of our San Francisco ladies and asked:
Q. Mr. Work, can women play whist?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. You have had a very wide experience in
whist— will you in a very concise way give
me a little opinion of their ability as players
compared with men?
A. While I believe there is no question that
the best masculine exponents of the game in
the country have reached a slightly higher
grade of play aq»d a somewhat better perfec
tion of team work than the very best women,
yet on the other hand I am satisfied that if it
were possible to take the average play of
women whisters of the country and the aver
age play of the men (of course in this I am
referring more particularly to the club players
of both sexes) the women would show a rather
higher grade than the men. I believe that
the reason for this state of affairs is that the
women, as a rule, have more time for prac
tice, and are more willing and anxious to
learn. They are almost without exception
ready to take lessons to study and improve
their game. On the other hand, a large per
centage of the men are firmly impressed with
the conviction that they know it all, and con
sequently fail to improve or keep up with
the march of whist progress. Wmle it is as I
above stated undoubtedly true that some few
men are better whist players than any women.
I believe that it is because they started the
game longer ago, and have had "more system
atic practice and more opportunities of meeting
strong adversaries. I can see no possible rea
son in the future If the women persevere with
whist along the proper lines, as they are doing
at present, and If they progress somewhat in
the matter of obtaining matches with strong
adversaries, that they should not rank equal
xvith the men in years to come.
Q. What do you think of the play of our
lady whisters compared with the ladles of the
East '!
A. I am satisfied that it ia not only very
much stronger than the Eastern average, but
I am inclined to believe that the ladies of San
Francisco can defeat those of any Eastern
city.
ORIGINAL LEAD FROM KING, QUEEN AND
TWO OR MORE SMALL.
During the few years of whist experience we
have had there Is no one lead that has eiven
so many causes for complaint as the original
opening of the king f.-om king, queen and two
small.
I don't suppose there is a whist authority in
existence in book form but what tells you to
lead the king. The purpose of this writing is
to call attention to those that follow our whist
articles and ask them to reverse the order.
When you feel obliged to open from this suit
lead the smallest and note the result.
About a year ago we gave in the columns of
The Call a very complete analysis of this play
from that great writer and master of the game,
General A. W. Drayson. Tho conclusion that
he arrived at was that the king lead from
thts holding was a nasty one. but it had a
very slight percentage in its favor.
In duplicate whist, which is not played in
England, where every deal is played to a fin
ish. I think in the long run it will be trick
winning to lead low. I am still further In
clined to think, with trump strength to back
the play, it would be better to open low origin
ally from king, queen and three small than to
start with the queen. It is more than an
even chance in both cases that your partner
can do one of two things, 1. c., to win the first
trick or force out the ace. The only object of
leading the king from four or queen frum five
Is to win the first round if possible, or force
out the ace. leaving you with the master card
We have reason to believe^ the reverse wW I do
it just as well. We would like to know what
experience others have had with these two
le A d ss S lon B aeo as 1892. In the columns of the
Chronicle, we advocated the W<l <>t the fourth
best from ace and four small in any plain
wilt At the time it was pooh-poohed, but
now it A !s % recognize,! conventional lead
from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The only
object we have in suggesting these changes
Is because we believe them greater trick
winners, and the chance for sain la so mucb
greater than the chance for loss.
judicious or overmuch reading often
weaken the mind and retard its growth.
There is nothing worth doing that is
not worth doing well. When the teacher
reads let him read with his soul, while
he cultivates that habit of close and
thorough attention, of careful study and
of accurate thinking, which will serve to
transfer the great thoughts of great
authors from the written or printed page
to the living tablets of the mind.^^
GRANVILLE F. FOSTER.
Crescent City, California.
ON THE BLACKBOARD,
Last week the Debating Society of th«
Eureka High School discussed the ques
tion, "Resolved, That the United States
should abolish her pension policy. The
debate was decided in favor of the nega
tive - . .... .
Mrs. M. P. O'Connor of San Jose will
soon turn over to that city, as soon as a
gallery is provided, a handsome art col
lection valued at from $70,000 to $100,000.
The Board of Trustees of the State Nor
mal School will grant a site for the build
ing in the Normal Square, and will prob
ably Vnaintain and care for me gallery.
Dr. Andrew S. Draper, the principal
speaker at the convention of the Califor
nia State Teachers' Association, held here
in December, has definitely deemed not to
accept the Superintendency of Schools in
Greater New York.
The first number of the new State
official organ of education, the Western
Journal of Education, has come to hand.
It contains twenty-seven pages of inter
esting school matter, brightly written
and interspersed with epigrams, stori
ettes and notes of interest.
• » *
On April 23 there will be a meeting of
the executive committee of the California
Teachers' Association at the office of
Superintendent Webster.
Superintendent Neilson of Sonoma
County will hold his institute at the same
time as the convention of the State As
sociation.
• • •
Fresno County has established five new
districts— Bowles, Butter, Millwood, Ken
ninghous and Roeding. There will prob
ably be a new union high school at
Reedley.
« • •
Miss Anna Williams, Superintendent of
Schools in Modoc County, recently paid t
a visit to her sister in Chico.
» • •
A high school will be the next enter
prise to bo started in Anaheim, as the
people have grown tired of sending their
children to Santa Ana and Fullerton.
HOW VOTES ARE LOST.
Many foolish and some amusing mis
takes in voting appear as soon as the
ballots are unfolded. In spite of the
repeated warning that any mark on
the ballot other than the cross in it 3
proper circle or square will invalidate
the ballot and cause the voter to lose
his vote, many such defective ballots
are found every year. It frequently
happens that a particular candidate' 3
name. appears in several different col
umns, due to a nomination or indorse
ment by various organizations. Some
voters, overanxious for their candi
date's success, think they must mark
a cross before his name wherever it ap
pears. Of course the ballot is rejected.
A ballot was recently found with the
following inscription plainly written
across the top: "I want to vote the en
tire Tammany ticket." It is unneces
sary to say that Tammany lost a vote.
— From "The Police Control of a Great
Election," by Police Commissioner
Avery D. Andrews, in the February
Scribner's.
WHIST
WHIST PROBLEM.
By W. H. Whitficld, Professor of Math«matlc» In
Cambridge University.
This problem is taken from Colonel Lowsley's
< new whist work, "Whist of the Future." Tha
colonel says: "Those who endeavor to solve it
> will greatly appreciate the constructive mi
i genuity. I believe that no whist problem o£
i superior merit has ever been published."
Spacles trumps.
South to lead.' North and South to win every
! trick.
Spades— J, 10, 6, 3.
Hearts — None.
Clubs— 7, 4.
Diamonds — 8, 2.
i Spades— None. N : Spades— None.
. Hearts— X. Hearts —Q. 10,
K.J.8,2. !W E 5, 4.
1 Diamonds— Q, J, < I Clubs— Q. 10.
9. g I Diamonds — 10, 7.
Spades — None.
Hearts— A, J. 9, 7.
Clubs— A. 3.
Diamonds — X, 6.
WHI3T STUDY SUITS.
i Is the name of a dainty little volume Just
] issued from the press of F. A. Stokes & Co.,
I New York city, Miss Elizabeth Gay author.
' The object of the volume is to teach the be
ginner in whist the correct leads from all card
: combinations, and its plan is admirably
adapted to do this with the least expenditure
; of time and effort on the part of a student.
'■■ Each alternate page contains a "long suit" of
| cards, "life size," and properly colored. The
! opposite pages contain the directions for the
i proper opening of the suit, in trumps and in
[lain suits. The book is handsomely bound
■ and tastefully got up, as is the case with
; all the Stokes publications. It should have a
i large sale. Its price la H.
NOVELTIES AT THE EIGHTH CON
GRESS.
Walter H. Barney, ex-president of the Amer
ican Whist League and chairman of the tour
l nament committee, will introduce more novel
! ties at the next congress than have ever yet
; been put into play. There will be sixteen dlf
i fercnt contests. They will be conducted on the
j John T. Mitchell. Howell, Narragansett. Saf
! ford. Clay and Barney systems. One of the
| features of the congress will be the introduc
! Uon of a scheme whereby it will be lmpos
i sible to play a tray "misplaced." This la an
I invention of Mr. Barney, who is also trying
I to perfect a machine f.>r shuffling: and deaJin?
| the cards. If he would only invent a machine
for playing the cards, bo that our partners
would not grumble at us. we would be fnducetf
to go to the next congress.
INSTRUCTIONS TO WHIST UMPIRES
At the Buffalo meeting of the executive com
mittee of the American Whist League, gener
ally known as the midwinter meeting, a com
mittee was appointed to draft a set of in
structions to whist umpires.
We hoi>e that one clause will be that an
umpire or referee of a contest should never
take part in the play. We can speak from ex-
I nerienre when we write these lines. We be-
I lieve it to be the duty of the one in charge
of a match to preserve strict decorum, allow
ing no postmortemlng of deals immediately
after they are played (a table in a room ad-
Joining should he provided for that purpose).
I think the time is near at hand when we
should have a "time bell," the same as In
! chess, to limit certain players who always de-
I lay the game.
it la a general complaint at all congresses
' that many players have the very bad habit
1 of hesitating in playing their cards, and many
! times beyond the limit of endurance, when
1 there is no more neccessity for it than there
1 is in hesitating over an original lead. This
is a step in the right direction.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Tuesday Grand Supreme Chief
Companion Mrs. Beversen. Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. Morrow and the
supreme grand inside guard visited San
Rafael and paid an official visit to La
Estrella Circle. The officials were well
pleased with their visit and with the con
dition of the circle. After the close of the
meeting the visitors and members were
entertained at the residence of Mrs. Mil
ler, the chief compar,ic>:i.
Last Wednesday the supreme grand sec
retary paid a visit to Iyanhoe Circle
The party that was given by California
Circle last Wednesday night was well at
tended, and those who tilled the hall were
well pleased with the entertainment of
the evening.
THE RATHBOXE SISTERS.
San Francisco Temple has elected Mrs.
Ida E. Merguire representative and Mrs!
Florence Wear alternate to the Grand
Temple that is to hold its .session in San
ta Rosa next month at the same tima
that the Knights of Pythias will' hSuLk.
their session. This temple has work it "%
every meeting and the last held one ini
tiated two strangers.
The grand chief, Mrs. Lydia A Mon
roe, of Riverside, will officially visit t"e
San Francisco temples and those of Oak
hind prior to the session of the GrandFOREIGN SINGERS,
NATIVE OPERA HOUSES,
AND MELBA EAST AND WEST.
Well, we have had our little Melba
season— or. rather, we will have had by
the time those lines are in type — paid
our little $7 without a murmur, packed
the house at every performance, ex
humed and refurnished the traditions
of our munificence, had a grand, gla<l
lime of it generally and made a royal
record for our artistic and pecuniary
appreciation, which sooner or later
will reach Xew York and give the !
poignant ha-ha to those metropolitan
managers who have indulged ribald
Jest at the expense of our cheapness.
In appreciation and In coin we have
done as well by Melba as could have
been done anywhere. On three per- ]
formances given in a theater that can- j
not comfortably entertain more than j
ISOO persons at a sitting we have ex- !
pended a sum close on to $25,000. And
never was bread cast upon the waters
to surer profit than when we rose to
the challenge of those $7 seats. San
Francisco should henceforth spell prod- i
igality instead of 10, 20 and 30 cents for
the manager who knows the economics
of his trade. One of the Melba man
agement said to me the other night,
"Why, this is not a touring station, it
la a metropolis! Put up your opera- j
house, some place that will hold the I
crowd, and we will come every year
with the operas, Wagiier, everything, |
and with all the singers of the world." ;
The same night, Thursday, I met three j
men in the California, a millionaire, a
broker and a manager, each of whom
told me that he was going to build an
opera-house in San Francisco before
another season had come around. If
I can believe them all — and I don't
mind telling you that one of the will-
Ing builders is Samuel Friedlander — it
Is only a matter of months before we
will not be able to walk a block on the
Rialto without bumping up against an
opera-house. From the conversations
that have taken place In the California
lobby this last week you would think
that opera-houses were an even more
Imperative necessity than battle-ships.
If in addition to the three that were
promised me a half-dozen or bo of those
song palaces which lately have been
architected and adjectived in the news
papers should go up, San Francisco will
be known not as a city of boarding
houses, but of opera-houses. It seems
c that a halt should be cried before
everybody in the town takes to build
ing them. We don't want a system ol
private opera-houses scattered from
North Beach to the Potrero. Just one
big substantial edifice on the right side
of Market street would be pretty good
The Melba season gave us our first
chance r >f assisting in the "high sal
ary • rimes" which have so long beer.
monopolized by the grumhling East.
For ;i year and more several New
Y"rk newspapers, especially the New
York Musical Courier, have be>~>n mak
ing' a crusade against the salaries paid
t>> foreign singers. They have said that
the American singer stands no show
and that America should be for the
Americans. Hut the New York public,
pampered and petted and will-
Ing to pay for the best and most fam
ous that is to be had, has gone un
disturbed along the tenor of its pleas
ures. Presumably it concluded that
art knows no national bounds, and that
in the matter of opera artists there is
nothing quite so good as the best,
which, with only several rare excep
tions, is not American. And Melba,
the Reszke brothers, ralve, Eames and
other high salary gobblers have contin
ued to winter in New York, even while
dynasties tottered on the managerial
throne of the Metropolitan Opera-house.
America never has been able to offer
the foreign artist anything better than
money. This is a cold fact. The
American success of a musical artist
is not worth a rap In the capitals of
Europe. Is this unjust? Well, I
should say so. There is no city in the
world with an opera record of the last
few years that will not look pale and
puny beside New York's. The Czar,
the Emperor, the Queen, have had to
wait for their favorite singers until |
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Two Performances of
"THE DIAMOND BREAKER."
Extraordinary Engagement of the Great Amer-
ican Star Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
Am NORA DONLIN. In th« Charming Irish
Comedy Drama,
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
Introducing the x ■— National Anthem,
"REMEMBER, BOYS. THE MAINE ."
With Tableau.
"CUBA."
Specially Engaged— Sterling Young Actor,
LAWRENCE UNDERWOOD.
THE ACME QUARTET. In Songs and Spe-
cialties.
FRED J. BUTLER, in the leading role of Dick
Conway.
Evening price*. 10c, 25c, 60c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24.
FIFTY-SIX DOG ALL-AGE STAKE and
TWELVE-DOG^APLING STAKE!
$685 IN PRIZES!
Train leaves Third and Townsend sip.; Sat-
urdays — 11:30 a. m.. U:SE p, m. Sundays 11
a. m., 11:30 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. Valencia »>t., 6
minutes later. Returning, leave the park Im-
mediately after the last course. Sundays, at
4:45 p. m. also. San Mat to electric cars every
10 minutes.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
THURSDAY . EVENING. APRIL X, 1898.
SAN FRANCISCO ORATORIO SOCIETY.
SAMSON AND DELILAH.
RHYS THOMAS, MISS YVES REMYNG-
TON. S. HOMER HENLEY, CHARLES L
PARENT JR.. CLARENCE WENDELL, ■ AR-
THUR MESMER.
Festival Chorus of 100. Orchestra 25 Pieces.
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE. Conductor.
Admission, Including, reserved seat, 75c and
$1. Box eheet at Sherman, Clay & Co. "a.
BASE BALL— CENTRAL PARK,
Market and Eighth Sts.
PACIFIC STATES BASEBALL LEAGUE.
BAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
Admission, 2»c; Children, 10c.
By ASHTON STEVENS.
the New York season was over. The
supreme modern experience In operatic
art belongs to the public of New York,
who have got it by the simple means
of paying for it.
» • •
And since gold is the bait, there is
no reason why San Francisco, grossly
rich and proverbially generous, should
not make a business of sharing in some
of these artistic spoils. Put up -\n
opera-house; the entrepreneurs and the
public will do the rest.
• • •
Speaking of the growl in the New
York press, this is part of an editorial
in last week's issue of the Musical
Courier:
'. The Melba Opera Company, now giving
what are satirically termed operas in the
distant West, is a mere makeshift in
tended as a frame for the central picture,
which, of course, is Melba. This great
singer is out in the "wild and woolly" for
i the purpose of educating the ignorant
American in the operatic art. It is not
so much a question <>f money ;us of educa
tion. Sooner or later the Westerners be
yond the Mississippi were bound to learn
! what "Lucia," "Bohemian Girl," "Mar
; tha." "Rigoletto" and other Italian operas
: rrally meant even if travestied, as they
' must be, whpu given with small tempo
1 rary orchestras, sin;i.ll ill-balanced chorus
I and surroundings that give the perform
l ances the air of a shoddy variety show.
AXelba does not mind all the sacrifices In
volved in appearances having such un
comfortable environments. The artistic
j protest is subdued under the overwhelm
i Ing desire, prompted by foreign love of
! America, to educate the dear people who
never heard of the old operas,
As lons as we are satisfied with these
j constant foreign invasions there is no rea
! son why we should not p;iy f<>r them. In
■ the language of Vanderbllt, "Damn the
I American musician."
Now, to every newspaper man whose
; work has to da with music, the Courier
!is indispensable. It has its goods and
i bads. It has. like the dramatic week
! lies, its elaborate system of out-of-town
! correspondents, who, receiving no pay j
for what they write other than the I
: dead-head tickets furnished them by
managers, are loudly and persistently
faithful to the managers; and it has its
Raconteur Huneker, one of the best
of American critics and essayists in
musical and dramatic matters, and an
incomparable authority on the players
and the literature of the pianoforte;
its Vance Thompson, a marvelous
blend of Oscar Wilde and himself and
of godlike egotism; its Philip Hale of
Boston, an always valuable music en
cyclopedia and critic and a sometimes
fortunate jester; and it has Its enter
taining grudge against the foreign
singers and their obese incomes. The |
AMUSEMENTS.
OOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOC
o BALDWIN
o —
q To-NJfeht (Sunday) . . . Last Time
X HOYT'C;* STRANGER
O ny ■ * IN NEW YORK.
S TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Q FIRST PRODUCTION IN AMERICA,
° FERRIS HARTMAN
q And a Perfect Comedy Co.
_ In the NAUTICAL
V FARCICAL COMEDY,
O I — II — i I "As refreshing as I
° Ail JL^jan ocean breeze." I
I PURSER.
© By John T. Day,
q GEORGE BOWLES.
° PKKKFNTKD 5 In the Bay of ms <*y-
O AT THE * ACT II-
O TIIFATKR In tho Mediterranean.
n LONDON. ',' ACT 111-
W miimiwn.,.!— , OFF PORT SAID.
O War Bulletins between acts.
O Coming—The Great PILAR MORIN.
ooooooooooooooooocc
BALDWIN THEATER.
BEGINNING NEXT WEDNESDAY, April 27.
Every Afternoon, Including Sunday, Saturdays
Excepted,
At 3 O'clock.
A magnificent rellariouß-'draznatlc production of
the Itttri'jua
PASSION PLAY!
ReproAwM >>>" means r.f Koul-jtirrlnp;. iife-
movlni; pleturea. with realistic music, graphic
lectures and natural effects.
Indorsed l>y the entire clergy.
Admission 25c
Children 15c
THE WAR HAS BEGUN
AND THB LION, "WALLAi'K," IB SUU-
DUED BY CAPTAIN CARDONO
Every Afternoon and Evening it tho
CHUTES.
180 to All. Including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
Musical Courier is not only good read
ing for its immediate clientele, but a
considerable power all. over musical
America. It stands practically alone
in character, specialty and circulation,
and furnishes not merely news to many
of the musical editors of the land, but
ideas; more or less diluted, it has a
voice in nearly every newspaper in
America, It started this crusade
against the foreign singers (whether in
jest or earnest) ; it has kept it up week
in and week out; and now, hooting, it
follows the last great invader of the
season along the line of her triumphs
from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Even
if you take the Musical Courier serious
ly on this proposition you still have to
laugh at it. In the present i
vocal fortunes of America there
is a trustful spirit of anarchy
in the Courier's endeavor to drive
out the foreigners. And the be
lated liur.st of Now York provincialism
in its ironicaj illusions to tho woolly
West la funnier still. We all know,
and kmw before she came, that Mel
li.' l present little company is not a
first-class opera organization; that the ;
operas an- stale, even to us, that Melba :
was the one powerful attraction. In
fact, if you were to put a first-class
opera and a first-class company in the j
California Theater there would be nc
room left for an audience. All thai
we were promised was Melba, and we
would rather have had her in concerts
than not at all. As it was the or
chestra and the leader were good, Cam
parari was good, the several othor
principals of the company did fairly;
and Melba, in operas that mi.s?ht hay?
bei n made only for the glorification of
her voice, was everything and all that
we expected her to be. In fact, we
I AMUSEMENTS.
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
| CALIFORNIA
i Beginning TO-NIGHT (Sunday),
The Play That Caused a Thrill
- o? Sensational Interest
Throughout the
Whole World.
. . RESERVED SEATS . .
15C, 25C and SOC.
AprnrrrT Production In
iLnrLWI Every Detail.
EXCEPTION ALLY STfIOJVC CAST
SPECIAL SCENERY
fIND EFFECTS.
And Prices Only
! 15 C — 25 C 5O C No Higher.
tf Coming-A TEXAS STEER.
iCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
* Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING. AT 8 SHARP. V
THE OLORIOUS SUCCESS, v
CHEERS OF APPROVAL RECEIVE
"THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER,"
Finale to Act Seoond. ■
In Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
! SINBAD THE SAILOR !
TO-MORROW EVENING-SECOND SD'T.JN.
Everything new and up to date.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. HALL.
Central Work, 223 Sutter st.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT CONCERT
; TO— ' .
V..-^ ALFRED WILKIE
Kindly Tendered by Ills Professional, and
Other Friends.. '.
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 23. I|9B, at 8:15.
Assisted by Wall Known Artists.
'Admission, 50oj reserved seats, 7So. • May be
secured at Sherman, Clay ■'& Co., on and after
Thursday, . April 28, Tickets may ■, be had at
all principal music stores. - .-
are very much obliged for the little
season, and hope she will invade us
some more. If nothing deiaya the
building of one of those opera-houses
we will cheerfully devote several weeks
of each season to relieving New York
of the whole band of foreign pirates.
AbHTUN STEVENS.
THE OUTI^ WOflbD.
Gommznt and NeWs of Distant
Plays and flayers.
The following tribute to Ibsen's art
and some of the best known characters
in his plays is an extract from a long
poem written by William Archer, the
London dramatic critic and translator
of many of Ibsen's pieces, In celebra
tion of the master's seventieth birth
day:
I Henceforth not Norway only, nor the two
! Companion realms, do reverence to you;
As earn creation follows on the last
i Ail Europe standi Intent, one audience vast-
While beings* that were nothing yesterday
' Possess the soul with such imperious sway.
Their two-hours" tale is graven on the sense
'Like years (it passionate ''xporienoe.
Behold! :i* In .1 magic looking-glass,
I More n al than reality, they passj
1 Helmer's gay "song bird' in her cage rebels,
I Aii'l ~.-eks the "miracle of miracles"—
j Ocvald, ere ever ho drew breath loredone
■ Shriveling In anguish, whimpers for the sun—
Brave Stockmann, hounded forth with curse
and stone.
Learns that the strong man still must stand
alone —
Deep in the tanjrie where the Wild Duck lies.
While Iljulmar breakfasts, Hedvig hides and
dies—
Rebecca, strong In her "ennoblement, "
Goes "gladly" by the way Beata went—
Wangel, with g.nerous sympathy, sets free
And wins ag;i!!i his I^ady trum the Sea —
Hedda, malignant in her soul's despair,
Kids Lonborg Ule "with vine leaves in his
hair"
Valkyrie Hilda sees with fierce delight
Her Master Builder scale the dizzy height—
Allmers and Hlta, Jarred by sorrow's touch.
Shrink from the obsession of th© floating
crutch- -
Napoleon Borkman builds, with all his arts.
A one-roomed empire, paved with broken
hearts '.
Each figure, standing solid and four-square.
Lives tangibly, with personal mien and air;
Each theme Is plucked, with skill grown more
and more.
From life's own palpitating quick and core.
Whoso has eyes and looks around him sees
On every hand these same type-tragedies,
Here, It may be, still lurking in the germ,
There acted to the ineluctable term.
Bui still the poet's necromancy throws
Its purple glamor over life's gray prose;
To swift clairvoyance it unseals our eyes,
With focused passion it electrifies
Some common crisis of our common lot
Until Its commonness is ail forgot—
Stern truth puts on the effulgence of romance.
J'lain speech is touched to weird significance.
Flash lights of vision search our inmost souls.
And, as the pageant scene by scene unrolls.
We —">lize, half appalled and half elate.
The terror, beauty, mystery of our fate.
George Alexander has acquired the
first rights to a "sensational comedy"
of modern life, called "The Embassa
dors," and written by John Oliver
Hobbes, the lady of the epigrams.
•■K-.-.-j"?. >;-'■>"
Baldwin.
To-morrow night Ferris Hartman re
turns to the San Francisco stage, to
be welcomed by his old friends in a
new capacity, a new character, a new
| AMUSEMENTS.
i 000000000000000000
COLUMBIA go
- — o
To-NIGHT V^ E . °
MARIE JANSEN in ®
DELMONICO»S AT 6. o
TO-MORROW T SSV«^'o
Last Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne,
Marie I
Jansen l
In Her Latest Success, 5?
In Ilor Latest Success,
THE °
NANCY I
HANKS. 0
A ROLLICKING, HOLLY COMEDY. «
May 2d-ROBERT MANTELL. ©
i OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
pacific coast JOCKEY club
(Ingleside Track.)
\ Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusiva.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRA1N8, 12:45 and 1:1 a p. m. DAILY.
Loave * Third-street station, stopping at Va- !
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
ra-;es. . ■ . :
Kearny-street. and Mission-street , cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
FiUmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N.ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
OLYMPIA I Co.-nor of ¥ tion »nJ
ULimKiHj ■•,Edd/ ; Slreetj. ■:■
America's Most Beautiful : Music Hall.
Direct from New, York, .CYKENE. The Cuban
', Terrslchorean ; Wonder, . and . a sreat. olio of
1 specialties. Admission free. Matinee to-day. i
play and a new theater. So long Iden
tified with the Tivol! and its particular
line of light opera and lighter extrava
ganza, Mr. Hartman's appearance
In farce, more or less legiti
mate, Is attended with excited flutter-
Ings by many persons who are enthusi
astic admirers of his, and with milder
Interest by persons who take account
of what goes on at the San Francisco
theaters, and Mr. Hartman may count
on many glad hands to welcome him
to-morrow night at the Baldwin. His
play is by an English author, John T.
Day, and new to the American stage,
having first been presented at the The
ater Royal. Portsmouth, England, in
July of last year. It went on afterward
at the Strand Theater, London, where
it is said to have achieved success. Mr.
Hartman has secured the American
rights to the play and believes he has
in It a valuable property.
The scene models, by W. T. Hemsley,
were shipped from London to San
Francisco and are said to have been
faithfully copied by Frederick Schafer
and John Ledwidge. The action takes
place on the promenade deck of an
Australian linor. The scene shows the
cabin, d-^'k houses, chart house,
bridges, lifeboats and all the parapher
nalia of an ocean steamer, and it is
claimed that the set is one of the most
realistic ever shown upon the stage.
The first act represents the steamer in
the morning off the coast of Portugal.
In the second act it is night and the
vessel is in the Mediterranean, having
just passed BrlndisL She is lllumi- ;
nated in honor of the captain's birth
day and tlie usual concert is taking
place. In the last act the steamer is j
off Port Said and the complications of
the plot arc Anally cleared up when :
the pilot comes over the side with the j
mail.
The story of the play is not an in- :
tricate one, but it is said to be Inter
esting and to furnish many humorous
i situations. The purser, the character ;
• in which Mr. Hartman will appear, has
just returned to England from Austra
lia. Immediately upon his arrival he
ia married, but before he has an op
portunity to enjoy his honeymoon or- ;
ders come from the steamship company \
i to instantly Join another vessel which
; is about to return to the Antipodes. ;
The purser is broken-hearted, because
; one of the strictest rules of the com
\ pany is that none of its officers shall
carry his wife on a voyage. The young |
couple discuss the situation and decide ,
: that the wife shall travel incognito and
1 that they shall act as strangers on the i
vessel. The purser has had a previous I
love affair with a charmer in Sydney, j
with a brute of a husband, from whom j
she is seeking a divorce. When the ;
play opens the steamer i 3 outward {
I bound and it transpires that not only j
is the purser's wife on board, but also |
the lady from Australia. The latter ;
claims him and he, not daring to admit I
AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
djflP**h San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
GUSTAV y WALTERS" Director Genebal.
OPENING AT MATINEE TO-DAY- WJ**VlS^****m^^
A MOST ARTISTIC VAUDEVILLE TRIUMPH-PRODUCED AT A PRELIMINARY COST OF $10,000.
Kernefs Tableaux Vivants!
The Greatest and Most Expensive Production of LIVING PICTURES Ever Attempted in
America. Bewitching Poses. Startling Electrical Effects, Special Scenery,
Elegant Costumes and Original -Music.
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND A "" °^V^,~
RENO & RICHARDS, SMITH O'BRIEN,
Comedy Acrobats. ■ ■ Monologue Artist.
WILSON '" CLOWN e^
ROBBTTA & DORETO, j FISH & QUIGG,
Chinese Comedy. I The Human Oddities.
SIGNORA MARIA PI CASTELLO lta "a,^, r ,no.
«^%^%£X&kts MONTGOMERY & STONE
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, April 24th fa^uet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c;
MAlißtt lU-UAT, OUnUdjf, Mpiil Z4UI Children lOc. any part.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. APRIL 24, 1898.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter.
IMMENSE I'RUUKAMMK— Commencing at
2:30 p. in.
Genera! Admission, 10c; Children, 6c.
Bath! tiff, Ip.'iv l -" AaaiiatiuM— Adults, 25c;
Children« 20r
! that he 1? married, permits her to think
| that he loves her still. The eomplica
; tions which necessarily arise are amus
| ing; especially as the wife has a train
of admirers, including the ship's cap
tain, the doctor and several who are
I mere passengers.
Musical numbers abound In the
I comedy, and several new and catchy
l songs are promised, among which are !
! "Time Will Cure All Things," "Oh, i
• What a Beautiful Ocean," "Cook's Ex- ''
j cursion Trip," "Some Men Are That ■
, Ambitious," "Down Went the Cap
| tain," "Chloe," "That's Nothing to Do
j With You." "Mary Had a Little !
Lamb," "For You Do See and You ;
Don't See," and "Tilly Thompson."
The piece has the following cast:
j Captain Causton of the S. S. Kanga- !
! roo, H. D. Blakemore; Patrick Brady, \
, the ship's doctor, William Richardson:
j Fred Masherley, a passenger Edward !
! Emery Brown; the quartermaster, Wil- '
J Ham Mortimer; Tommy, the cabin boy,
i Gertie Carlisle; Mrs. Stanley, the gay
| divorcee, Lena Merville; Edith Somers,
I the purser's wife, Alice Johnson; Mabel
I Viney, a romantic passenger, Alethea
] Luce; Reginald Temple, the purser, !
Ferris Hartman.
Pllar-Morln and her company will
come direct to this cit'- from New York
for the presentation of the tragic pan- j
tomime, "In Old Japan," which is to
be given at the Baldwin next month in
connection with Fritz Scheel's or- j
chestra, immediately after the Hart
man engagement.
Golumbia.
Marie Jansf>n will commence her sec
ond and last week at the Columbia
Theater to-morrow night with "The
Nancy Hanks," a farce-comedy new to
San Francisco, which is said to have
met with success in the East. Other
things said of it are that it offers Miss
Jansen some opportunity for the dis
play of song and clothes, and that it
is of that order of entertainment which
requires no mental effort on the part
of the audience. The story Is all about
the troubles of a young French Mar
quis who conies to this country and
sinks his fortune in a salted gold
nine. He is befriended by a young ac
tor, who has fallen in love with a so
ciety belle, and at the time the play
opens is about to be turned out of a
boarding house for non-payment of
board. Pearl Dodo, a vaudeville ac
tress, comes to their rescue and loans
them her apartments while she is on
the road. Established in the tint the
actor starts out to look for pupils and
the Frenchman, masquerading in some
of the actress' clothes, is surprised by
a rich aunt of the actor, who takes him
for her nephew's wife. Thinking to
help his friend out of a distasteful
marriage, which the aunt has come to
arrange, the Frenchman encourages
her in her mistake and claims to be the
wife. From this moment the plot
thickens, until every member of the
cast is laboring under a mistaken idea.
The setting of all these people right
makes the story, and It is said to be an
amusing one.
California.
"Trilby" reappears to-night, this
time at the California Theater, at
popular prices, with the following cast:
Taffy, George D. McQuarrie; The
Laird, H. S. Duffield; Little Billee, Bert
Morrison; Svengali, Frederic Paulding;
Gecko, Frank Clayton; Zou Zou, Will
iam Brewer; Dodor, Charles Shad;
Anthony, D. Mullin; Manager, Franklin
Kent; Lorimer, William Ralston; Rev.
Thomas Bagot, Charles Chartress;
Phillipe, William Abraham; Trilby,
Fanny Gillette; Mrs. Bagot, Clara
Rainford; Mine. Vinard, Phosa McAl
lister; j^ngele, Merri Mar; Honorine,
Effle Bond; Mimi, Celia Harmon;
"Trilby" reappears to-nipht. this
time at the California Theater, at
popular prices, with the following cast:
Taffy, George D. McQuarrie; The
Laird, H. S. Duffield; Little Billee, Bert
Morrison; Svengali, Frederic Paulding;
Gecko, Frank Clayton; Zou Zou, Will
iam Brewer; Dodor, Charles Shad;
Anthony, D. Mullin; Manager, Franklin
Kent; Lorimer, William Ralston; Rev.
Thomas Bagot, Charles Chartress;
Phillipe, William Abraham; Trilby,
Fanny Gillette; Mrs. Bagot, Clara
Rainford; Mine. Vinard, Phosa McAl
lister; j^ngele, Merri Mar; Honorine,
Effie Bond; Mimi, Celia Harmon;
EL GAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. -
Refreshments at ' city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children, . 15c; Including admission
to grounds. . - ,-.-
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tlburon Kerry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10.
2 and 4 p..m t Returning, leave: El r> ~irvo at
11:15 a. ■ m., 1, 3 and a p.m.
Musette, Dolly Sterling; Clorinde, Pau
line Bowers.
The next attraction at the California
will be Hoyt's "A Texas Steer."
Alcazar.
After two weeks of successful busi
ness "The Strange Adventures of Miss
Browri" will be withdrawn with Sun
day evening's performance, to be fol
lowed by "The Gay Parisians," a pop
ular farce from the French, which has
been seen in San Francisco before and
which can count successes in London,
Paris and New York. The story is
the usual French farce inspiration of
married indiscretion. The little sup
per, the threatened detection and the
miraculous escape are more en
tertainingly told than usual. L. R.
Stockwell and Howard Scott have been
called to re-enforce the Alcazar cast for
"The Gay Parisians" production.
Tiv>oli.
The second edition of "Sinbad. the
Sailor," will be given at the Tivoli
Opera House next week, with Carrie
Roma, Edith Hall, Helen Merrill, Geor
gie Cooper, Edwin Stevens, Thomas C.
Leary, John J. Raffael, Branson, Rob
ert Mitchell and Fred Kavanagh in ne\»
specialties, and the ballet in new fig
ures and marches. The patriotic finale
to the second act, which was introduced
with success last week, and includes
the singing of "The Star Spangled Ban
ner" and the flight of the American
Eagle amidst the waving of American
flags, will be repeated at all of next
week's performances of the extrava
ganza. "Sinbad" will be followed by a
revival of "Wang," with new scenery,
costumes and accessories, to be fol
lowed, in turn, by the first presenta
tion on any stage of a new musical
comedy entitled, "The Poster; a Dream
of Art."
Morosco's.
To-morrow night at Morosco's "Tha
Wieklow Postman," an Irish comedy
drama, will receive its first production
at popular prices, and Fred J. Butler's
name is featured in big letters for the
leading role. Lettie Le Vyne, a well
known soubrette, is engaged as the
star attraction to play the part of
Nora Donlin, the Irish heroine. Miss
Le Vyne made her American debut in
this city ten years ago, since which
time she has played with various com
panies in the East, in Europe. India
and Africa, as well as in the Australian
colonies. The comedy element and in
cidents of the play admit of the intro
duction of specialties, and Miss Le
Vyne will render several numbers. Ju
lia Blanc, Maurice Stewart, Fred But
ler and the Acme Quartet will also in
troduce specialties. Lawrence Under
wood has been specially engaged to
play the part of Major Anderson, one
of the villains of the plot. W. L. Glea
son is in the cast for the Scotch dialect
character of James Saunders, and a
number of other new faces will appear.
The principal pcenic features are a view
of the Wieklow Mountains, Ireland, and
the prison scene, as well as a new in
terior scene. Altogether the bill for
the coming week is expected to be an
attractive one.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum presents an entirely
new bill this week. The programme In
cludes Marion Kerner's Tableaux Vi
vants, which are said to be produced at
an expense of over $10,000. The pic
tures are on the classic order and pre
sented by some improved method orig
inal with Mr. Kerner. Special scenery
and electrical effects have been pro
vided. The remainder of the bill will
include Lizzie B. Raymond, who was a
favorite here about two years ago;
Reno and Richards, comedy acrobats,
who are said to do some difficult and
daring feats in their line; Fish and
Quigg, in a comedy act; Tony Wilson
and Clown; Roberta and Doreto; Smith
O'Brien, the monologue artist; Marian
di Castello, soprano, and Montgomery
and Stone, black face comedians.
Oivjmpia.
The Olympia Muisc Hall announces
as its leading attraction Cyrene Cuba's
terpsichorean wonder, who has just
closed a season with the Cyrene Bur
lesque Vaudeville Company, and has
been brought direct from New York by
the Olympia management.
GKutcs.
In addition to Chiquita, the zoo and
the wild animal acts, the Chutes afters
a big variety performance which In
cludes several new people.
J^lusical JJotes.
Paloma Schramm, the little girl pi
anist and composer, will give four more
exhibitions of her wonderful talent at
the Sherman & Clay Hall on Tuesday
and Wednesday evenings and Friday
and Saturday afternoons of this week.
She is perhaps the most remarkable
child musician in the world to-day and
her performances are not only delight
fully unique, but thoroughly artistic.
A benefit concert for Alfred Wilkie,
the well-known tenor, will be given in
the Sherman & Clay Hall on Friday
evening. Over a score of prominent
local soloists will participate in the
AMUSEMENTS.
alcazarT^s
ALCAZAR,
tW~ WAR BULLETINS READ BETWEEN ACTS.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
THE STRANGE ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN—
TO-MORROW NIGHT. . .
THE GAY
PARISIANS!
...TRULY...
THE FUNNIEST PLAY YOU EVER SAW.
Special Engagement of the Eminent Comedian
1-. R. STOCK.
Emphatically the best cast ever given this
play— superior to a dollar and a half perform-
ance.
(Our Prices Include a Reserved Seat.
Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
' Seats by 'phone— MAlN I&4. ■
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
MASON STREET,
SUNDAY, APRIL 24. 8 p. m.
—LECTURE ON—
"OUR LORD'S COMING!"
JAMES B. DAVENPORT. Evangelist.
CATHOLIC APOSTOLIC CHURCH.
Admission free. No collection.
BASEBALL BOMBARDMENT
RECREATION PARK,
i Eighth and Harrison Streets,
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
OAKLAND WILL BOMBARD SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
Special Seats for the Ladies.
Admission, 25c; Children, 10c.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN V AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING,, WARD &
CO. European ■ plan. Rooms 50c to $1 60 day,
*5 to $8 week, $S to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In. every
room;, elevator runs all night.
■ » _ . ' — i . *.■■: '.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Bank Clearings loose slightly.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
Other Cereals about the same. !
Flour stiff.
Timothy Hay higher.
Beans very firm.
Asparagus advanced.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs weak.
Poultry nominal.
Receipts of Cherries and Strawberries In
creasing.
Oranges and Lemons firm.
Prunes selling well.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides weak. Wool dull.
Hogs in good supply.
Sugar marked up. ,
Larger local imports.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
three monts of the year were $10,906,000, against
19,239,700 for the same time In 1597. and in
cluded ?3.:5.1.M0 from Japan, 1388,700 from
China, $l. r >.749.500 from the Hawaiian Islands.
1633.600 from Great Britain, $732,700 from Cen
tral America and $512,700 from British Colum
bia.
PACIFIC COAST CUSTOMS.
Custom-house returns show that for the first
tight months of the present fiscal year, up to
March 1 there was an Increase of imports at
pacific Coast ports, value $9,569,474, over those
for the same period last year and an excess
»f exports amounting In value to $6,669,134.-
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
three months of the year were $5,858,300, and
Consisted of $808,600 in gold bullion. $4,619,620 in
►old coin, $339.51S in silver bullion and $90,268
In silver coin.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $13,646,
161, against $18,868,675 for the same week last
fear. This Is the first decrease for a. long time.
r.AILAXATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
mount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the . a3t twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. ■ The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington ~oast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
nnd south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with iso v ars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is 'm
probable. With n "high' 1 in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In "summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER PORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to i
date, as compared with those of the same date i
lan season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.17 48.73
Red Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 S.S7 17.26 !
San Francisco 0 7.7.". 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52 i
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles ' 0 5.26 16.74
Ban Diego 0 4.18 11.64
Yuma 0 1.66 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 73; '
minimum, 52; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL :
FORECASTS.
The pressure is highest this evening over
Washington and Idaho and lowest in Arizona.
Fair, warm weather prevails throughout the
Pacific Coast region south of Oregon. The !
temperatures in the Interior of California are
from 10 to 20 degrees above the normal. Fair, '
warm weather will continue In the interior of
California during Sunday and Monday.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 24, 189$:
Northern and Southern California— Sun
day; fresh northerly wind.
•Nevada and Utah — Fair, warmer Sunday.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light northerly, shifting to brisk westerly |
winds In the afternoon.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken '
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 36 miles per
-hour; temperature, 68; maximum, 7."..
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Close: Money on
call. 2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6H
<H7 per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S4 for de- ]
mand and $4 N for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 '1 and }» MV Commercial bills, $4 7Mj
4 W4. Silver certificates. 56%®66Hc. Bar sli
ver. B%C. Mexican dollars. 4"c. State bonds. !
dull Railroad bond:i, irrepular. Government i
h«nds. weak; new 4s, registered, lll'i; coupon '
117' i: to, registered. 106?t; coupon, 10S: ss, reg- i
ister^d. 109; do coupon, 1104; Pacific 6s of
•9?. in.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 23.— T0-day the stock I
market was "discounting peace," in the lan- I
guage of brokers. This was done by lifting ;
prices a notch higher. The advance hesitated
at the opening, owing to a reactionary ten- j
dency In the London market, following the re- i
ceipt of the report that the Paris had been •
captured by the Spanish and the cruller To- '
peka sunk in a collision. Wall street was in- |
credulous as to the capture of the Paris up to I
the closins of the exchange at noon, and
the truth of the foundering of the Topeka not
having been established, the market was re
lieved from that cause of depression. I On the
other hand, much was made of the capture of
another Spanish prize by the cruiser New
York. There was reported active demands lor
securities In London, but the buying here for
London account was not large, as prices here
ruled above the London parity. There were
periods of reaction, but the publication of the
bank statement caused renewed : buying and
lifted prices to the highest. They were shaded
off by renewed apprehension as to the safety of
the Paris, th* closing being easy, but net
Ins throughout the list reaching a point in
f pome cases. The volume of the dealing was not
large, the Industrial specialties being favorites
In the trading, especially Sugar and Tobacco.
The spirit* stocks were also quite prominent.
The general feeling In financial circles is that
the war Is not likely to be protracted and only
some unexpected accident or disaster could
affect the conviction that Spain must speedily
succumb to superior resources. A feature of
the day was the . hardening in exchange de
mand, sterling bills rising to J4 Si. This rate.
It Is expected, precludes further gold imports
under present conditions.
The stock market has felt the reflected effect
of the panic In Spanish 4s In European
Bourse*, and the resulting forced liquidation
of American securities, yet the week closes
with a greater part of the extreme losses re
covered, net declines not exceeding two points
In any of the prominent leading stock* It is
noteworthy also that the low prices of the week
were not as low except in a few cases as those
on March 25, which marked the lowest point
of the decline after the blowing up of the
Maine. The exceptions were International
stocks which were favorites with operators on
foreign Bourses. The grounds for the confi
dence and Improvement in the stock market
will be felt in money conditions. At New York
banks have replenished their reserves with im
ported ffo',ii to meet the drain from the inter
ior, and the cessation of the drain promises
easier money conditions.
Call loans on the Stock Exchange have, In
fact, fallen to 1% per cent during the week.
Financial institutions in the United States have
ceased to draw on their credits abroad because
.they Ceil amply secured against the money
'needs <>( the war.
They feel prepared to meet * demand for a
Government loan, which it Is seen would be
(speedily expended again. . .icy also feel pre
pared to meet the spring needs of money for
the business of the country, which are expected
to be earlier and more urgent than usual.
The prices of bonds during the week did not
move so widely as stocks, either in the early
downward movement or In the later recovery.
Transactions were small for the week. Net
declines in Government bonds for the week in
the bid price are 2Vi in the new 4s registered,
I*4 in the new 4s coupon, 1% for the old 4s,
»L.» L . for the os coupon and % for the 5s regis
tered.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 122.403
shnrv.a. including:- Burlington. 12.049: Manhat
tan. 3270: Northern Pacific. 3170; Northern Pa
ciflc preferred, 3240; Rock Island. 3915; St. Paul.
11.115; Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 3600;
American Spirits. 4135; Tobacco, 12.37."; Sugar,
25,145.
1 CLOSING STOCK"?.
: Atchison 10% St P & Om 68
Do pref 24% Do pref 140
; Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M 130
I Canada Pacific ... 75?» So Pacific 13
Canada Southern. 45 Bo Railway 7%
Cent Pacific 11 Do pref 254,
: Ches & Ohio 17Ti Texas & Pacific . 9%
.Chi & Alton 152% Union Pacific .... bO\ !
! Chi B & Q 90% U P D & G. ...'.... 5% i
Chi « E 111 49 Wabash 6%
CCO& St L.... 26% Do pref 15
Do pref 75 Wheel & L E.... 1% \
', Del & Hudson ... 104% Do pref 8%
: Del L& \V 144V4 Express Companies —
j Den &R G 10 Adams Ex 91
! Do pref 40 American 120
j Erie (new) 11% United States .... 37
I Do Ist pref .... 32% Wells Fargo 110
i Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
iGt Nor pref 144 A Cot Oil 16V4
Illinois Central ... 97% Do pref 67%
I Lake Erie & W... 13 Amn Spirits 10%
Do pref 67 Do prof 24 i
] Lane Snore 190 Am Tobacco 102 i
i Louis .<: Nash.... 46% Do pref 113 !
Manhattan L .... 93^1 Peoples Gas SS% i
Met St Ry 136 iCons Gas 172
Mich Cent 100*4 Com Cable Co 150
Minn & St L 23 Col F & Iron 17
Do Ist pref .... 79 Do pref 90
Mo Pacific 25% Gen Electric 31Vi
M bile & 0hi0... 24% Illinois Steel 44% i
'Mo X & T 10 I,aelede Gas 41
Do pref SO* Lead 25% !
Chi Ind & L 7 Do pref 99%
I Do pref 24 Nat Lin Oil 14% '
N J Central 90 Or Imp Co 26 I
N V Central .... 107% Pacific Mall 21 1 *
N V Chi & S L... 11% 1 Pullman Pal 16S :
Do Ist pref .... 60 I Silver Cert 55%
, Do 2.1 pref .... 28 j Stand R& T 3% :
Nor West 11 Sugar 115!»
INo Amer Co .... 5 Do pref 104% ;
: No Pacific t2% T C & Iron 19"*, |
Do pref 59% U S leather 5% !
Ontario & W 14 Do pref 56%
;Dr U & Nay 41! U S Rubber 13%
Or Short Line ... 26 Do pref 61
Pittsburg 166 West Union £5%
Reacting 16 C& X W 116%
Do Ist pref .... 37%| Do pref 173
i Rook Island 83 VSt L & SW 4
St 1. & S F 6Vil Do pref 9
Do Ist pref .... 65%;R G W 23
Do 2d pref .... 24%! Do pref 53
: St Paul 85% i Chi G W 10
Do pref 140 I Haw Com Co IS
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 11GV* N Carolina 6s 120
Do coup 117% Do 4s 182
U S 4s 106% No Pac lsts 113
Do coup 10S Do 3s 57 ';
Do 2ds '.... 95 Do 4s 90%
VS Be reg 10S% XYC &S L 45.. 100 |
Do 5s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 118
' District 3.65s 112 Northwstrn cons. 141%
Ala class A 10S% Do deb us 113
Dc B 105 O Nay lsts 112%
Do C 95 O Nay 4s !»»4
Do Currency ... 95 OS Line 6s tr — 118 i
; Atchison 4s 86 1 .; O S Line ".s tr.... 96*;
Do adj 4s 57% <"> Imp lsts tr.... 104 |
1 Can So 2ds 104 Do 5s tr 51
: Chi Term 4s .... 81 Pacific 6s of 86.... 102%
C & Ohio 5s 113% Reading 4s KM
C  * D iu,s 104% R G W lsts 79
I) & H G lsts 108 sL& I M Cos.. &6
1) &R<} 4s S7 SL & SF G 65.. 113
East Term l3ts.. 105% St P Con 139
Erie Gen 4s .... 66 St PC ft 1' Ists.. 114
FW ft 1) lsts tr. li 7Do 5s 110 I
Gen Electric 55... 91 So Ry 5s 87%
GH&■S A6s 109 Stand P. & T 65.. 55%
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
H& T C 55.. 110 TP L G lsts 99%
Do con 6s 103 Do Rk 21s 30
lowa C lsts 97 VPD & G lsts.. 51%
La new cons 45.. % Wab Ist 5s 108%
L & 2." Unl 45.... 83% Do 2ds ."'„
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 104
M X & T 2ds 58 Va Centuries 66
i Do 4s 84% Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts. 114 If P pref 50%
X J C 8 110 , U P 4s 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollax 20 Ontario 2 GO
Crown Point 10 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth 12
, Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould A: Curry IS Do prt-f 200
Hale & Norcross. 45 Sierra Nevada ... 75
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 65
Iron Silver i Union Con 20
Mexican 18 Yellow Jacket ... 09
BOSTON.
BOSTON. April 23.— Atchison, 10%; Bell Tele
phone, 250; Burlington, 90; Mexican Central,
4%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 23.— The Evening Post's
I^ondon financial cablegram says: There was
a general recovery in the stock market here
to-day, led by Spanish 4s and Americans, on
further bear closing here and from New York.
The Paris Bourse was also much better, ex
cept in Brazils and Portuguese, which were
sold heavily. Brazil exchange Is h\. Ameri
cans closed under the highest on the reported
capture of the Paris, which Is not believed at
Lloyds. New York is said to have stopped
Inning gold for the moment, >mt it is not be
lleved that the American demand Is wholly
over yet.
Money Is plentiful here because brokers ab
stain from investing freely in bills. Discount
is steady, d^iilf" the easy tendency in money,
because, even ai*rt from politics, It Is felt
that an enormous payment -wf Japan on In
demnity due on May 8 may impoverish the
market.
CI,OSE. *
Canadian Pacific, 7SV*; Grand Trunk, 7»i; Bar
Silver, steady, 25Tfed per ounce; Money, 2 per
( ."it.
PARIS, April 23. —Spanish 4s closed on the
Bourse at 35 3-16. The closing price last night
was 23 1-16.
LONDON, April 23.— Gold at Madrid waa
quoted at 59.25 to-day.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, April 23 —The Financier says:
According to the statement of the New York
clearing house banks, for the week ending
April 23, the Institutions hold a surplus reserve
of '.25, 100, which is larger than has been
reported since the fourth week of July, 1897.
This result has been brought about by the
conservative action of the banks in preparing
for the crisis which is now at hand. Their
cash holdings, depleted by demand from the
interior, have been replenished by imports of
gold and by the continued contraction of out
standing obligations. To-day they are in an
exceedingly strong position and are ready to
meet any demands which may be made upon
th.-m The statement in detail does not differ
from those of the last several weeks. The
decrease of $7,439,100 in loans represents the
turning of accumulated sterling into specie
accounts.
But little new business is being done as the
rates demanded preclude any borrowing other
than that which is absolutely necessary.
The increases In gold were larger than the
week's receipts from abroad and it is quite
likely that the heavy expansion reflects some
of the previous imports. Deposits fell off only
$3,012,100, which just about equals the legal
tender decrease and Is less than the known
loss to the interior. The statement, Judged by
usual calculations, does not balance, but the
changes are logical since the gold Imports and
their relations to accumulated sterling carried
as loans must be taken Into account. Sum
marized, the only conclusion Is that the
banks have perfected a difficult operation with
rare skill. They have retrenched where neces
sary, supplied their correspondents with funds
while strengthening their own holdings, they
have put their business in first-class condition,
and to-day when a call for funds by the Gov
ernment Is imminent they have more money
available for the purpose than at any time
during the last nine months.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Receipts,
16,543 barrels; exports, 22,391. Firm, but not
quotably higher: city mill patents, $6<g6 20; city
mill clears, $5 60@5 75; Minnesota patents, $5 40
180,278 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2, $1 13 f. o.
>: 9090 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 211.825 bushels; exports,
180,278 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2, $1 13 f. o.
b., afloat. Options opened weaker under dis
appointing Liverpool cables, but turned
stronger on subsequent covering by scalpers
and closed firm at Vi@^ic net decline; No 2
! red May, $1 lO'^l 11; closed, $1 11.
HOPS— DuII; State, common to choice, 1895
crop, 6@sc; 1896 crop, 7@Sc; 1897 crop, 15«516c;
Pacific Coast, 1895 crop, 4@sc; 1896 crop, 7'nSc
1897 crop. 15@16c. •-,:.■■
'■ WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 17@22c; Texas 12®14c
PETROLEUM— Easy.
PIGIRON— DuII: southern, $9 75911- North
ern. $10 25012.
COPPER-Steady; brokers'. $11 S7H
LEAD— brokers'. $3 50.
TlN— Plates, dull.
COF.FEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 6 points lower. Sales, 8000 bags. Including:
April, So 95; May, $5 75<&5 SO; July, $5 60; Sep
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ,APKIL 24, 1898.
tember, $5 6505 70. Spot ': coffee— quiet:
No. 7 invoice. 66 7/* c;7 /*c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c; mild.
quiet: Cordova, BV4®lsc. ' ' .
SUGAR— Raw, strong; higher; fair refining-,
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s<if7%c;
3 11-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-l«c. Refined,
strong; mould A, 6%c; standard A, sVlc; con
fectioners' A, B'-ic; cut loaf and crushed. 5%c;
powdered and granulated, 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3500 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 15@18c; Elgins, ISc; fac
tory. lS^ifl'ijc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7704 packages; steady; West
ern, .lli4@ll»ic. . ___
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 23.— California dried
fruits firm.
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried, prime, B%c;
choice, S^c: fancy, 9@9%c. ,
PRUNES— " '
APRICOTS— Ro^.I. 5%@7c; Moorpark. B%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@Bc: peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Declines In wheat fu
tures at Liverpool and favorable crop news,
coupled with lack of outside orders, caused a
weak opening In this market to-day. July op
ened at from 88% c down to 87% c, and was
kept on the down grade until It got down to
87% c, from which point it commenced to grad
ually recover. September . was equally de
pressed, opening down from He to %c, at 86%
@86»ic. May held during the same time be
tween $1 12 and $1 14. Loiter reported accept
ances to a fair extent. London reported a car
go of Manitoba hard .spring taken at equal to
$1 8534 a bushel. Beerbohm's estimate of the
world's shipments for the week was 8,000,000
bushels. The sensation of the day came near
the close of the session, and referred to the :
withdrawal of all offers of wheat from Russia !
to the United Kingdom, accompanied by the
statement that the -rice of Russian wheat
had risen the equivalent of 15c a bushel the
Irawal of all offers of wheat from Russia
le United Kingdom, accompanied by the
ment that the rice of Russian wheat
risen the equivalent of 15c a bushel this
week. That stirred up the market here, and
sent July up with a whirl to 89% cm the last
five minutes, and left It at 89% c, or %c net
gain for the day. September shared moder- |
ately In the Improvement, gaining Vie for the
day. May sold between $1 12 and $1 14. clos
ing at the top.
Corn was heavy during the greater part of
the session. The oversold condition became
apparent when wheat started up near th«
close. Shorts were active buyers, and closed
the market at the top. July closed with a net
gain of He.
Oats were easy early, but stiffened up near
the close. July closed a shade higher. : •-..
Provisions were nard to sell on the open-
Ing, and realizing gave prices quite a set back.
On the early dip commission houses bought
freely, and on the general improvement near
the close provisions made a good rally. he
trade was without any particular feature
July pork closed 12-- lower; lard, 2%c lower,
and July ribs 2'4c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—2 —
May .... 113% 114 112 114
July 87% 89H 87% 89%
September SO% 81% 80% 81%
December 80 81 79% 80%
Corn, No. 2—2 —
May 31% 32% 31% 32%
July :... 32% 331-; 32% 33%
September 33% 34% 33% 34%
Oats, No. 2—
May tS '.. N ' 0 .'. 2 r 27 27% 27 27%
July 24 24% 23% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 10 70 10 85 10 60 10 85
July 1100 1105 10 80 1105
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 545 5 47*4 545 5 47%
July 5 52% 5 57% 650 5 57%
September 5 60 565 5 60 565
Short Ribs, per 100 Its-
May 5 37% 5 42% 5 32% 5 42%
July 545 650 6 42% CM
September 5 60 5 60 5 52 5 60
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; winter patents. $555 20; straits, $4 20@
4 80; clears, $4 10<@4 60; spring specials, $5 700
5 SO; Minnesota bakers', $4 80; No. 2 spring
Wheat, $1: No. 3 spring Wheat, 9Sc<3'sl 03; No.
2 red, $1 12Vi<gl 13; No. 2 Corn, 32y<z34c; No. 2
Oats 27V.c; No. 3 white, 30@31c; No. 3 white,
29>4©30c;"N0. 2 Rye. 56%!@57c; No. 2 Barley, 40
@46c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 29>- a <S'l 30: Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 95; Mess Pork, per barrel,
$10 >.'■'■; 00: Lard, per 100 poun.'.s, $5 47%: Short
Rib Sides, loose, $."> BOG 60; Dry Salted Should
ers, boxed, 4%<(isc; Short clear Sides, boxed,
$5 60®.") 70; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels , 11.400 . 10.7' V)
Wheat. bushels 121,400 77.300
Corn, bushels 360.000 821.
Oats, bushels 452,000 260.800
Rye. bushels 4,400 4,300
Barley, bushels 14,700 1,330
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13(517c; dairies,
12g16c. Eggs. ..rm; fresh. 10c. Cheese, dull.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Uecelpts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ...; 120.620 43,680
Duluth 5.200 650
Milwaukee 37,564 152.490
Chicago 121,428 77.307
Toledo 32.1 i; 71,200
St. Louis 20,000 1,000
Detroit 8,091 3,526
Kansas City 36.500 12,500
• Totals 351.525 364,353
Tidewater-
Boston 12,712 • 31,544
New York 211, 523 1&0.278
Philadelphia 2,659 44,552
Baltimore 36,567 17,960
New Orleans 16,000
Galveston 550
Totals 264,313 300,634
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat—' April May.
Opening 65 15 64 70
Closing
Klour —
Opening 3150 30 70
Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. . Dor
Opening 8 4 S % 73% 6 10%
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 23.— CATTLE — To-day's
light offerings of cattle were disposed of at
about uncharged prices. Extra choice steers
brought $5 25' a« 40; good to choice do. $4 65®
5 20; stockers and feeders, $3 50@4 20; cows and
heifers. S3 10@3 90; calves, $3 7596.
HOGS — Packers failed to support hocrs to
day and prices receded sc. Sales ranged from
$3 75(g4 10, but going for $3 90@4 05.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep was dull and prices
were largely nominal. Clipped ewes, $3 60<§>4;
wethers. M'Si 50; clipped lambs, J4<"<>4 HO:
wooled. $5<S5 50.
_ Receipts— Cattle, 300; hogs, 23,000; sheep,
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 23.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500.
Market slow and weak; native beef steers,
$.; 7OiJr4 80; Western steers, $3 60® 4 50; cows and
heifers, $3 25@4 15; stockers and feeders,
$3 75!§5. \
HOGS— Receipts, 8300. Market 10c lower;
heavy, $3 70<j?3 80; mixed, $3 70@3 72%; bulk of
sales. $3 70*53 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 70(g4 80; do Westerns,
i .-. 60<g4 60; lambs, $4 50@5 50.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY,. April . CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1400. Market- unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 6000. Market s@loc lower;
bulk of sales, $3 60@3 82%; heavies. $3 70@3 82%;
packers. $3 KOI 85; mixed, $3 60@3 SO; lights,
$3 55<g3 70; yorkers, $3 65@3 70.
SHEEP— None.
DENVER.
DENVER, April CATTLE— Receipt*. 100.
Market quiet and steady; beef steers, $3 50®
4 25; cows, $3@3 80; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 9O<§!4 30; stockers do, $4@4 50; bulls and
stags, J2<53 80.
HOG6— Receipts, 200. Market 5c lower and
firm; light packers, $3 70@3 SO; mixed, $3 icySi
3 75; heavy. $3 65@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 23.— Consols. 110%®110. 3-16;
silver, 25% d; French rentes, lOlf 82%ci@;iO2f 2V4c.
LIVERPOOL, April Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California wheat, 41s 6d; cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, firm
COTTON- -Uplands, 3 21-32 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— April quiet, 3s 9%d; May, 3s 9«d;
July quiet, 3s 9'.jd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
. '
PORTLAND, April WHEAT — Walla
Walla, BS@B9c;' valley and blue stem. 91c. '
Cleared— British bark Semantha, for Queens
town, with 133,079 bushels Wheat; German bark
Amazone, for East London, with 63,600 bushels
Wheat, the latter being the seventh Wheat
cargo from this port for South Africa this sea
son.
TACOMA. April —WHEAT— Strong; No. I
club, S9c; No. 1 blue stem, 92c. .
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Exports for the week:
Gold. $8500; silver. $697,105. The Imports were.
Gold, $10,083,106: silver, $15,964; general mer
chandise, $?.778,245.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $220,342,841; gold re
serve. $150,472.885.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 23.— Exchanges, $160,587;
balances, $42,423.
■ . — — — •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 gl
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — hh'^
Mexican Dollars 46 46' 2
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was no further advance in
Spot quotations, but futures were higher under
heavy sales, as will be seen. The millers and
shippers are both buying and the market Is
very stiff.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 67%.
@l 70 for Xo. 1. $1 72% for choce and $1 75@1 80
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES. :
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls, $1 85; 12,000, $1 65%; 4000, $1 65%.
Second Session— May— 1000 ctls, $1 "0; 4000,
$1 70%. December— $1 66%; 4000, $1 67;
8000, 51 66%: 10.000, $166%.
Regular Morning: Session— December— l2.ooo
ctla, $1 68; 2000, $1 68Vi: 8000 $1 88%: 44.000, $1 69;
110,000, $1 68%; 12.000, SI 654 May-2000, $173;
2000. $172%;. 2000. $1 72%; 2000 Jl 72H; 4000.
1172%; 4000, $1 72; 6000. $1 72%. '
BARLEY— market recovered still more
of the lost ground and was very firm.
Feed. Si 35© 1 40; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. . .;'"-•
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 3KV*; 2000. $1 36.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, SI 36%;
2000, $1 36%.
,, I*?I *?p ular Morning Session— December— ctla,
$1^ 3 f*U 4000 - %1 36 % 6000. SI 37.
OATS— Steady at previous quotations, without
much business.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice SI 37%@l 42%: common. $1 30@l 35: Sur
prise, Jl 45 ® 1 50; gray, *132%@137%; milling.
$1 ■■■iii 42% per ctl.
CORN— The market continues largely nom
inal, and will stay so until the lower freight
rates take effect here.
Small round yellow, $1 15®1 25 per ctl; large
'v.,.^- l\ lOffl 121 *: white. Jl is® l 20.
RYE— sl 35®1 37% -« r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-tl 90@2 10 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
All descriptions are very stiff In sympathy
with the raw product.
FLOUR— Family Extras $5 Bo@s 60; Bakers'
Extras. Jo 25®5 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. 16; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
t-ornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, J4 75; Whole
Si 1*"1 *" Flour. S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 SO
f6..^:f 6 ..^: In sacks. $5 60@6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. J4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is unsettled. The very fanciest Wheat
if- weak, but the medium grades are steady
to firm. Timothy is higher. Straw has a wider
range, according to quality.
Feedstuffs are as before.
BRAN— 50 per ton. .
MIL>DLINGS-$23®25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $30 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3ircf3l 50; Jobbing.
jn2r,.;:' oO; Coeoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal. S2BffT3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24; Cracked
Corn, J24@25.
HAY— ( Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $23® '
2S oO; Wheat and Oat, J2l<fi2s; Oat, 120W23:
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, J22@25;
compressed Oat, $20©22 50; Alfalfa, $14@16;
Clover, nominal; Oregon Timothy, J15@17.
STRAW-7O<§9Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS."
The firmness in Beans continues and a
further advance Is not improbable. There Is
no further change In Seeds. Mustard Is scarce
and firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3; Small Whites, $1 60®
1 75: Large Whites. $1 55®1 75; Pinks, $2 25@
2 65; Reds. $2 25@2 35; Blackeye, nominal; But
ters, $1 40@l 60; Llmas. $2 40@2 50; Pea, «l 65@
1 75; Red Kidneys. $2 25@2 35 "per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2'4(g2%c per Ib; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2V4<O
2V: Hemp. 2?;<§-3c; Timothy. B©6%C.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Asparagus continues to Improve under mod
erate receipts. Rhubarb still gluts the mar
ket. Othewise there Is nothing new.
String Beans from Vacavllle brought 25c
per Ib.
String Beans brought B(fl2Hc per Ib and
Green Peppers 25c.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 30@35c; River Reds.
&04r60c; River Burbanks, 5057 60 c per sack; Ore
con Burbanks. 55®85c: Petaluma Burbanks, 50
@70c per sack: Sweet Potatoes. $1 25 for Mer
ced: new Potatoes, \tcc2c per Ib.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50@2 70; cut Onions, $1 50
@2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— were 889 boxes As
paragus, 260 boxes Rhubarb and 773 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. S2 25<fJ2 50 for extra large: $1 60©
2 per box for No. 1, 75c?r*l 25 for small; Rhu
barb. 25@50c per box tor small to good and 60<ff
Tsc for extra choice; Green Peas, 75c35l 25 per
sack; Dried Peppers, 6iJr"c per Ib; Dried Okra,
12% c; Cabbage, 6.Vn7.'c per ctl; Carrots, 2s® 6c per
sack; Cucumbers. 40c@$l per dozen; Mexican
Tomatoes, repack, %\<a.\ 7r, per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 18@18c: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, &oc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual amount from the East Is expected
this week. Prices show no change.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 10«j/12c for Gob
blers and 11(512%c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
tlfi'l 25: Goslings, $1 7562 25; Ducks, $3 50@4 50
for old and $4 6007 for young; Hens. $3 50®
4 50; Roosters, young, 'i* 50; Roosters, old,
J4<g 4 50; Fryers. $««j6 50; Broilers, $4 50i?J5 50 for
large. $2 2503 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 5001 75
per dozen for young and $1 25@1 50 for -* ■
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Lower prices for Butter are expected to
morrow, as the market is overstocked and top
heavy. Kpgs are coming in heavily and are
slow of sale. Cheese is unchanged.
NUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20@21c; seconds,
19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 15(?17%c per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery. 16@17c;
ladle-packed. 15«j16c per Ib; Eastern Elgin tub,
to arrive. 18% c.
CHEESE Choice mild new, 10c; common
to good, 7%<ij'9c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, lOifpllc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern. 12%<??13%c per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 12%*!>13%c per dozen;
store Eggs, U%@l2c; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts of Cherries and Strawberries are
slowly increasing. Oranges and Lemons are
firm, but the latter are not active. Limes are
dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 70 chests of Strawberries, and
36 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, 5006."*: per drawer for large and
65c(gtl for small berries.
Cherries, 40i5?75c per box; extra fine, $1 25.
Apples. 40®50c per box for common. 75c@$l
for good to choice and SI 2- r .@l 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 BOOS;
Seedlings, 75c0tl 25; Lemons, 60c#$l for com
mon and $1 25@2 25 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 40@50c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Prunes are . selling well at the advance.
Honey Is In very fair demand. The other de
scriptions are dull.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots. 4@4%c
for 40-50's. 3%<gf4c for 50-60' s, 3@3%c for 60-70's.
2%@3c for 70-RO's, 2®2%c for 80-<h)s, 1%-qi
2c for 90-100's: Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 5%
i&<ic; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, 5@6%c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c; sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and 14i14c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, SQSKe; Nectarines. 4©sc for prime to
fancy: Pears, 2%®4%c for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%(g2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c. ,
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per Ib;
Walnuts, 3(ij4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell: Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell, B%@>9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
r.'-cr .'-c for Eastern and 4%c for California: Pe
cans, 6V»(&'8c; Filberts. B%<s>loc; Brazil Nuts,
S(ri 9c per Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 st)@s per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc . for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%@
6c: light amber extracted, 4%<8>5%c per Ib.
BEESWAX per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations have not changed for a long time.
The demand is merely fair.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9V«c per Ib for
heavy. »%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured : Hams, . 10',j;<Sllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $!> per bbl: extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef $11*12; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18;
mess, JIG; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb. .
LARD — tierces quoted at 5%c per Ib
for compound and 7c for ; pure: pails, 7%c:
California tierces, 5%c- per Ib for. compound
and 6%c for pure; half barrels. 6%c: 10-lb tins.
"fee; C-lb tins. So. ■ . '..
COTTO»ENE— Tierces. 5%f 6%c; packages,
legs than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, CO in a case. B%c:
S-lb pails. 20 in a case. B%c: 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, SUe; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7*4 c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7"» c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7Hc; half
bbls. about 110 lbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quoted weak, with ample offerings.
The other articles are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about :lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium B%@9c; light, B%c. Cow
hides. 812@9c; Stags, sc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides. 15@16c; culls and brands, 12@
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16@16%c: dry Calf,
18@19c; i culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, ■ 30@37%c each;
Kids, s@loc ; Deerskins, : good . summer, 25@30c
per Ib; medium, 20c; winter, . 10c; Sheepskins,
. ■ ■ ■ -. ■•- . - :•:- . - •-•■--■
shearlings. 20<§'25c each; short wool. 40@60c
each; medium, 60@80c; long wool. 90c@$l 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3®3^c per lb;
No. 2, 25T2HC; refined. sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL-^Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, ~Q
9c; Southern Mountain. S'gllc; free Northern,
Nnrthern, defective, 9®llc per Ib.
HOPS— IS 96 crop, 2<S-6c for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1897 crop. ll@l4c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no scarcity In anything. The tend
ency In prices Is downward rather than up
ward.
Wholesale rate 3 for dressed stock from
slaughterers are aB follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6Vic; second quality,
sVt<&6c; thinl quality, 4@.'c per Tb.
YEAL — Large, b(jJ6c; small, 6V>@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B<JJ9c; Ewes, gc per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, BV>f??9c per lb.
PORK— Live lings. 3-Va3 7 *c for large and 40
4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2@2Vic; dressed
Hogs, CH>!26Vic.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Baps, nominal; San Quentin, $5 3<l.
COAL— Wellinfrt^n M t>— ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
I Cannel. $10 per ton: Rock Springs, Castle Gate
: and Pleasant Valley. $9; Coke, $12 per ton in
. bulk and $14 in sacks.
I SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Cnm-
I pany has advanced Its prices and now quotes,
terms net cnsh: Cube Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Dry Granulated.
o%c; Confectioners' A. B^c; Magnolia A. s>*c;
Extra C, 6%c: Golden C, aVic: Candy Granu
lated, 6o; California A. 5%e per Ib; half bar
rels, 140 more than barrels, and boxes hie
more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 23.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,522 Bran, sks J. 490
Wheat, ctls 6,325 Wool, bales 68
Barley, ctls 1,440 Hides, no 248
Cheese, ctls 84 Hay, tons 186
Butter, ctls 616 Eggs, doz 21,120
Tallow, ctls 50 Leather, rolls ... 66
Potatoes, sks ... a,s39iPnwder, cs 15
Beans, sks 432 ! Paper, reams ... 1.520
Alfalfa seed 62 i Wine, gals 33,700
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 2.000 1 Potatoes, sks ... 3,189
Barley, ctls 1.080 1
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7.355!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,600 :
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining storks fell off slightly again, though
the decline was Insignificant.
The upward tendency continued on the Bond
Exchange, Hawaiian Commercial selling up to
*20, though It fell back to $18 874, Hutchlnson
up to $41. Giant Powder up to $39 50 and Gas
and Eleotrlc up to $77 50. SaJes were fair for
Saturday.
The Con. Cal. and Va. output for the past
six days amounted to 60 tons of ore of the
average assay value of $52 46 per ton.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Ama
dor County has levied an assessment of 2c per
share, delinquent June 6. .
The Good Title Mining Company of Nevad
County has levied an assessment of 10c pc
share, delinquent May IS.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, April 23—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask
U S Bonds— MEL Co — 13V4
4b quar coup..lOS 109 Oakland Gas.. 40 424
4s quar reg... — 1074, Pac Gas Imp.. 76 —
4s quar new. . .11641174 Pac L Co — 54
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. 774 79
Cal-rt Cab 55. 113 — San Fran — 3%
Cal El «s 125 - Stock Qas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 1034 Insurance —
Dup-s* ex c. — 984 Rrem's Fund. 190 —
E L & P 65.. 127% - Bank Stocks-
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 1164 Anglo-Cal .... 55 62'
Ueary-st R os. —TOO Bank of Cal.. — 23S
•I ' &. S 54- 100 105 Cal S D&T. — 964
L A LCo 65.. — ■ 100 First Nat 195 —
Do gntd 's.. — 100 Lon P & A. ..130 —
Market-Bt fis.. — 1274 Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.. 1074109 Nev Nat 8...151 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 974 Savings Banki—
NCNg Ry 78.102 — Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 110 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry «'al 55.. 96% 99 Mutual Say. — 424
N PC R R 65. 103 - S F Say U.. — 500
N PC Ry 55.. — 1024 S & L 50.... — 100
NTN T Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55.. .110 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 1244 California ....1074 —
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P& Ch R'- -s. — 110 Market-st 4SV4 49
Powell-st 69. ..116 — Presidio 6 —
Rfnn —/Li L,.. 100 — Powder—
SacElec Ry 55. 104U105T4 California ....130 160
SF & N P fs. lol4lo4Vi E Dynamite... — 90
SierraßCal 65.1u2 105 Giant Con Co. 394 40
sPof Ar 65.. 95*4 97 Vlgorit 24 2
6 P Cal 6" . — 113 Miscellaneous —
SPC Is eg 55.. — 964 AI Pac Assn.. 90 95
R P Br fis 104 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 115 116 Vi Hana P C 0... — 15
8 V Wat 45... 994 99% H C & S Co.. IS% 19
Stock las 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 404 414
Wnter— Mer Ex Assn. w) —
Contra Costa.. 474 55 Nat Yin C 0... — 74
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 37 40
Spring Valley. 97% — Pac A F L.. 14 24
Gas .* Klectrlc — 'ac Bor C 0... 994 —
Cent Gaslight. 100 — Par Paint Co. «4 —
Morning Session.
5 Giant Powder Con 39 oo
r.o Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
1<V)O do do li I-"
24.'. do do 19 00
inn do do IS 574
100 Hut.-hinson S P Co 41 00
In 1 icr-anic Sfamphip Co 39 00
10 do do 37 2i
p P Gas & Electric Co 76 SO
100 Spring Valley Water 97 7.*.
llOrtn S P of A Bonds 97 00
$11,000 S P of A Bonds 96 00
14000 8 P Branch Ry Bonds 104 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4b Bonds 99 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 S F Gas & Electric 77 25
50 Hawaiian C & S Co 18 00
100 do do 18 50
50 do do is.;:
10 Giant Powder 38 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
mo Amies 10j300Ophlr 46
400 Best & Belcher. 301660 Potosl 32
60 29 r>ufl Savage 15
500 Bullion 02 500 Seg Belcher 02
100 ( 'hollar 23 mo Sierra Nevada.. 77
300 Con Cal & Va.. 71600 78
200 Gould & Curry.. 21 50 Standard 165
50 Mexican 14 100 Union Con 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 20[200 44
500 Andes 10|300 Potosl 31
100 Best & Beicher. 30 100 3>
100 1 29 400 Savage 15
2fo Bullion 03 300 Sierra Nevada 77
200 ('hollar 23 20(1 75
700 Con Cal &. Va.. 70 400 «
200 69 SOO 74
800 Crown Point ... 13 "00 I'tah ... 08
100 Gould & Curry.. 21 SOO Yellow Jacket... 10
200 Mexican 14 600 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 23—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid A«k
Alpha 02 03 Julia — 02
Alta 20 21 Justice 11 12
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 01 02
Belcher 13 14 Lady Aash .... — 03
Benton Con .. — 16 Mexican 13 14
BeM A Belchr. 28 2.i | Occidental 2302 50
Bullion 01 02iOphir 43 44
Caledonia 16 ITlOvcrman 02 04
< "hollar 23 24Pr»tosl 30 31
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savage 14 IE
Con Cal & Va. 69 70 Seg Helcher ... 01 02
Confidence .... — 55 Scorpion — 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 75, 76
Crown Point ..13 14 Silver Hill .... 01 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con .. — 20 Standard 160 —
Exchequer 01 02 Union Con 21 22
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norcrs. 52 55 Yellow Jacket. 09 10
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock. M. T.IW, T. I F. S.
Alpha 05J 06i 05 03j 03 04
Alta 23 22i 20 1 19| 20 20
Andes 15 13 13' 11| 11 10
Belcher 15 15 15 14| 14 14
Best & Belcher 36 36 34! 321 32 30
Caledonia 17 26 23 j 201 is lfi
Challenge I 18) M I 181 17| 161 14
Chollar I 33| 30| 28| 25 i 24j 2.1
Con. Cal &Va I 7S| 76 1 75 76| 741 71
Confidence 59] j | | 50!
Crown Point 14! 131 13', 13| 14 j 13
Gould & Curry 271 26| 261 231 It 21
Hale & Norcross 741 67i 1 55 j 50! 54
Justice 12j 13! 15! 151 14| 11
Mexican IS; IS| 18! 16! 161 14
Ophlr 581 56] 54! 52! 50| 46
Overman ots| 05! 051 05| 04|
Occidental 2 8012 ". 2 75,2 6512 iV, 2 30
Potosi 42 40! 37! 34 32 32
Savage 16 20i 18| 17 IB 15
Standurd 1 65|1 6511 6511 65!1 65(1 65
Sierra Nevada 7S| 881 86 80| 87 78
Union 25 26! 25 25 23 22
Utah t 08 09| 08 1 08 08 07
Yellow Jacket I 13; 13' 131 13! 12 ! 10
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and ilelßhts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lat than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APRIL- 1898.
Sunday, April 24. ' "
Sunrises 6,-21
Sun sets e'&l
Moon beta ..il):«6'p. m.
!±™2Peet
IH IVi
•£imc| Feet |Tlmß
L Wl :H W;
|L Wl
■M\ 0:3UI 6.31 7:43' -9.1t 3:l] .
25 1:00 5.1 8:27 1 0.1 1 4:1.'.
*» 1:30 4.7 Bit! O.» 6:18
7! 3:07 4.41 10:01 0.6 6:12
28 3:lt; 4.1 10:51 0.8 6:45
29! 4:45 3.9! 11:43 1.0 7:15
Ii W . H W L W
30! 0:50 • 2.8 6:19 ' 3.S 12:42
. 1 1:41 2.4 7::;8 3.S 1:27
4.11 7:OU 3.3
4.01 7:49 3.*
4.1! B:SS 3.6
4.21 10:23 3.6
4.4 11:47 8.2
4.8
H W
1.2 7:44 4.8
1.5 8:11 4.9
>.OTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
nnnd column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column ?ives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as some'lmes occurs. The heights
given are additions to tne soundings on the
j Vnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
! when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
j and then the number given is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
;
STIOAMIiKS TO AHKIIK.
FTK-AJIIEK.
Humboldt.
Orizaba .
Chilkat
Samoa
San Mateo
Pro?reso
Cre»oent City..
Oreg-on
Coon Bay
Zeaiandla
Titania .'...
Washtenaw...
Allceßlanchard
Willamette....
We«ott
Pomona
Walla Wa11a....
Cleveland
Commoia
Arcata
Burma ....-
H0mer..........
Gaelic
Valencia
Acamilco
North Port....
Santa Hosa
State or Cai
Alaska
HumooWt
Humboldt
Southern Coast
Taeoma
Seattle
Crescent Cltr
Portland
Newport
Honolulu
Nanaimo
Taeoma.
Seattle
Seattle
Humboldt
San Diego
Victoria & Puget Sound . .
Seattle
Portland
Coos Bay
Nanaimo
Humboldt --
China and Japan..
Alaska
Panama
tmmooiat :
Pan Dlero ...
Portland
Apr 2*
Apr 24
Apr 24
Apr 21
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 28
Apr 26
Apr 26
Apr 26
Apr 26
Apr 2:
Apr 27
Apr 27
Apr 27
Apr 23
Apr 28
ADr 29
Apr
Apr 29
Apr 30
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 1
BTBAMEHS TO SAIL.
Steamer, i Destinatioxl
«A!!-«
I F.I.
State of Cal
Humboldt.
Santa Kosa
Samoa
Venus
City Puebla
Nortn Fork
Orizaba.. ..
Oregon
Coos Bay..
Newport... \
ABlanohrd
Weeott
Pomona....
Columbia..
City of Rio
Cleveland..
Arc.it.-i
Homer ■.
Portland...... i
Alaska
San Diesro .... j
Humboldt I
Cmna&Japan j
Vie & Pet Snu !
Humboldt ...
Humboldt....
Portland
Newport
Panama
Yaquina Bay. |
Humboldt. ...
San Diesro
Portland
CnlnaA Japan
Pupet Sound..
Coos Bar..
Humboldt .. .
Apr 24. 10 AM | Pier li
Apr 25 | Pier 3
Apr 25. 11 am J Pier 11
I Apr 25. 2pm i Pier 8
Apr 2«, 1 psi PM SS
I Apr 26. 10 AM Pier 9
Apr 26. Mam Pier 2
Apr 26. 10 AM ; Pier 6
Apr 27. 10 am Pier 12
Apr 27. 9 AM Pier 11
Apr 23.12 M PM SS
Apr 18. 3 PM! Pier 13
Apr 29, 9am 1 Pier 13
Apr 2.i, 11 asi I Pier 11
Apr 30. 10 am Pier 13
I Apr 30. IPM PM SS
Apr 30
Apr bO, b PM Pier 13
May 1. tf am Pier 11
May 1
Valencia...
Alaska
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco April
24. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGEACE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 24.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 16 hours from Albion.
I Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours from
i San Diego.
! Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, 92 hours from
Comox.
i Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Tug Fearless, Randall, 70 hours from Seat
tle.
Ship Reaper, Young 133 days from Phila
delphia.
Bark Gatherer, Stokebye, 8- days from Ta
coma.
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Bennecke, 21 days
from Kahului.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt, 13 days from Hon
{ olulu.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude, 39 days from
Tahiti.
Sclur Robert Searles, Piltz, 24 days from Hon
olulu. --. . ■ ■
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 4 dayß from UsaJ.
CLEARED.
Saturday, April 24.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
i Goodall, Perkins & Co.
j Ship Santa Clara, Llndberg, Karluk, Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Ital ship Emanuele Accame, Ameglio, Cape
Town: Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Bark Coryphene, Ericksen, Alltak; Alaska
! Packers' Assn.
Brig Geneva, Aas, Seattle: M Turner.
Schr Transit, Slater, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
ni^nil & Co.
Schr Margaret C, Noyes, Altata; F Holmes.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 24.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, Newport.
Stmr. George. Loomis, Bridgett,' Ventura.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro.
Ship Santa Clara. Lindberg. Karluk.
Ship Charmer.Holmes. New York.
Bark Coryphene, Ericksen, Alitak.
Br bark Dominion, Berquist, Port Towns
end.
Brig Geneva, Aas, Seattle.
Schr W F Witzeman. Olsen, Unalnska.
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr C H Merc-ant. Olsen, Fort Bragg.
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly. Columbia River.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Transit, Slater, Honolulu.
tk'..i:graphic.
POINT LOBOS. April 23, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, N\V; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The schr Louis loads' lumber on the Sound for
Shanghai, 47s fid; Volunteer, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Mollendo, 47s 6d; Woolhara, lum
ber at Eureka for Sydney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed April 23— Stmr Progreso,
from Seattle, for San Francisco. *
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed April 19— Schr Mary
Buhne for San Francisco.
VENTURA — Arrived April 23 - Schr Ida
Schnauer, from Fort Bragg. <- ■■•■-.
HUENEME— SaiIed April 23— Stm Samoa, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— ArIved April 23— Schr
Prosper, from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 18— Sehr Ivy
for San Francisco.
A— Sailed April 23— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 23— Stmr Columbia,
hence April 21.
Sailed April 23— Stmr Oregon, for San Fran
cisco: schr Glendale ,for San Francisco; schi
Maggie C.Russ, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April — Stmr News
boy, hence April 21. i -'-■
Sailed April 23— Schr Lucy, for Tlmpqua.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 23— Schr H D Ben
dlxsen. from Eureka.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed April 19— Schr Sacra
mento, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived April Stmr Morgan
City, hence April 16.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April 23— Schr J Ep
plnger, hence April 21.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 19— Sen Pros
per, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 19— Bktr
Monitor, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed April 23— Schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble, for Honolulu; stmr Wash
tenaw. from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed April 23— Ship Spartan, foi
San Francisco.
NEWPORT — Arrived April 23— Schr Berths
beer, from Eureka.
TACOMA— Sailed April 23— Brig Tanner, foi
Redondo.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— April 23— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS'.
SYDNEY— SaiIed April 21— Bark Big Bonanza
for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived April Stmr War
rlmoo. from Sydney.
HAVRE — Arrived April 22— Br bark Dun!
Law, hence Nov 24.
FREEMANTLE— SaiIed April 19— Br shil
Earl of Dalhousle, for San Francisco. /
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September It. Wfl, trains will ran aa
follows:
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows:
Southbound. . .1 Northbound.
Passen- I Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger ] Sunday Stations Sunday ger '
Daily Excepted Excepted Dally
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:50p.m. 1 Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50p.m.| Fresno I 9:30 a.m. 2:20 o.m.
11:40 a.m. l 5:20 p.m. Hanford 9:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45p.m.| Visalia | 6:40 a.m.|12:40p.m.
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co..' leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at - 6 p. ;■ m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc. ;
also with stage for Hornitos, Marlposa, etc. ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
■■-■ ■■ - - ■•-,..»■ ■:-,..
BATXBOAD TBAVEIt*
BOVTHKKN ■"AtflVlC'i compact.
(PACIFIC KTKTKM.)
Train* l«n « mii.l are iln« to »rrl*« at
NAN riC4N<;iW<O.
(Maiii Line, Foot of Market Street.)
i ■ ■ — —^~^—^
tit a — From April 10, 1898. — awriti
"•«:O«a Nilfs. San Jose and Way Stations... •S:43a
7:OOa Menicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:00 a MarysTille, OroTilleand Redding Tia
Woodland ? : 1
7:00 a V»i»ville and Rnmsey S:43p
7:U«a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
t'alistoga and Santa Rosa 0:13?
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Og'ipn and Kast.. S:4»p
a)ill»A Niles. Shi: .lone. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Mnrysrille, Cnlco,
Trharuaand 4i|.lp
•»:30a Peters, Milton and Oakdale # <:13p
wiOOa New Orleans Kxi>rcsa, .Mrrced, Ray-
mond, I'resiio, B=kerslieiil. SMita
lUrhara, Ih>s Ant;ele«, ])eniinK. •
Bl Vaso. New Orleans and Hast. 6«4.1p
•iOOa Vallejo. Martiuez. Merced and
Fresno 1 8: 1 •» P
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steani«rs I" : V- ' >
l:O«p Niles, Ban Jcse and Way Stations.. ••*<»*■
l»:«»p Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
*:OOp LWermore, Mendota. Hanford and
Viaalia 4:15*
LiTurmore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations : JIOiISA
4lt«P Martinez. San Ramon. Valiejo, ■■.".--•■■
. Napa, Calisloisa. Xl Verano and . ' \_
*• Haute Rom »iIBA
4i«»p Benicia, Vacarille, Won ill and,
KniKhts Landins, Marys7ille, Oro-
Til!« hiiil NHriHinfiiti 10:43 A
I:S*»p Nilea. San Jras, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 3p
4:3«p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bercnda.
Fresno, M. javc (for KamliOmrgX
Santa liarbitra ami l.<m Ant-clfM.. " <i4!>A
4i»Op Hmitu I .. Itonte. Atlantic Kiprcss
for Moja»« and K»»t 6148p
"Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, XI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {10:15 a
«Ssi3ur " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and Ba*t {10:13 a
eiO«t> Ruropeau Mall, Ogdon and Kust 0:43*
«:«m»i- Uaynards, Niles and San Joss 7:434
tSiOOf Vallejo 17:45*
»:«Or Oregon K«iirei«,Bacraiiieiito, Marys-
»ille, Kr.!illii(c. Portland. I'nget
.HotiM.l anil Hunt gil»A
SAN LKA.NKUO AMI IIAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
{•6:*Oa I i 7 7: ISA
»:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, <»oi43a
• :OOa .... . . ... , .;.'--■ 10i45a
lO.OOa HtcliUurif. Klmhumt, Hi4sa
it 1:00* San LeanUro, South Kan 1»:43p
tl *. lo ' M Leandro,E.tadlll«, |i:JSj
«S:6bp >• Lorenzo, Cherry • t4:45p
4:OOp (8:43p
S:O»P and ' 6:15p
7:« Op H.jnard.. ' «:4.tp
»'««*■ i Runs through to Niles. .2'i?. p
9:0 Op # v rom V|i eB 10:JlOi>
tfllil»P.< ttrom^ Uvß - Utl»:O0r
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «auge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17<43a BaDtn Cruz Kicurnion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }>:O3p
At 15 a Newark. Oenterrille, San Jose.Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30*
•2:13p Newark. Ceuterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 O:3Oa
4:13p San Jose and Olenwood. 9:8Oa
04:13p Boulder Creek and Santa Crn» jl>:2»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiK FRANCISCO — root of Uirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9.00 11:011*. M. 11:00 *2:00 {301
•1:00 tE:OO •6:COf.M. .
rr«mOiIU!(B— Fool of Broad w«jr.--V>:CO 8:00 10:00*. M«
112:00 «l:00 18:00 -3:00 t«:QO • *B:OQf.M.
" COAST 111 VISION (Broad (iange). 0 '
' (Third and Townsend Sfi.)
•7:00 a San .luxe and Way SUtinns (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) I«30p
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove I and
Principal Way Stations ; }8:33p
•:*Oa Sum .lone, Tie* I'lnos, Santa Crn/.,
Phcil'ic Gro»e, Vast) KoliltrH, San
Luis Obtain, Ouadalupe, .Surf mid
Principal Way Htntlitna 4:lOp
I«:4O< San .lone hiiil Wi«y Stations "SMIOa
I1:3«a San Jose ami Way .Stations *8:35 a
•a:4scS«n Mate.), Redwood,
Santa Clara. Sun .tone, Cllrr.y,
HolliKter, Santa Crux, Swlinas,
Monterey and I'acilic Gr<"o,.;:.. "10:35 a
■8:8«lp San Jose,' '
and Way Stations .'.. »»:OOa
•4:1 Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:-13*
*S:OOpSanJo«e and Principal Wiy Stations 6::i5.»
8:301- S»n.Tf«eßii.lPriiici|>»l Way Stations 5:.1»P
6:»O|>San Josniinil Wavy SUtinua 7:3«P
t11;43p San Jose and Way .Statlous 7:!»Op
A (or Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
•Bihi«lhvh escei>te«l. t Sundays only. \ .S;imii.lh)b only
♦ ♦ Monday, Thursday aud Saturday nights only.
•J Thursdays. . a Saturdays and Sundays.
i Saturday*. J Sundays acd MorMaya.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbttron Ferry, F««t of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. in.
' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arriv.e
San Francisco. In effect' San Francisco.
April 23, ' ■
Week I Sun- 1898, Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 18:00 am Nova to! 10:10 am! B:4* am
3:30 pm|9:3o am Petaluma, ! 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm] 6:22 pra
... Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am : Cloverdale. • [ 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am! i Hopland and| 110:25 am
3:30 pm;8:00 am| Ukiah. | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■ . . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm) ■ . - '■ I I 6:22 pm
7:30 am'S:oo ami Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am"
. and
5:10 pm|s:oo pnV Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pni 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami j Sebastopol. 110:40 amjlO:2s ani
, I 3:30 pm 5:00 pm| ' ' - *. . ' ] .7:35 inn 6:22 p'm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
j Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
j serville for Skaggs Springs; at CloverdaJe for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
I Highland Springs. Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, | Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
, Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side, Llerley's. Bucknell's.. Sanhedrin Heights.
• Hullvllle, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
f=BSS^ CALIFORNIA
LIM - ED *
H^lmiii SAN FRANCISCO
[BB&a&kliaggjj CHICAGO.
• j Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
1 MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers ouly. but with-
out extra charge.
r DINING CAR,
1 BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
r Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
1% days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars oa
1 last time. Direct Conner' 1 in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
■ ; Trains arrl-- and depart from Market-street
1 Ferry. San Fran isco ticket office, 6»i Market
» street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office. ins Broadway. Sacra-
■> mento office; 201 J street. San Jose. 1 West
! Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
! From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, UK.
WEEK days.
I For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •san
. I 11:30 a. m. »1:45, 3:45, *b:\b, 6:00, 6:30 p. 'ml
, Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •1000
•11:30 a. m. : •1:15. 3:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m. ' *
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays .{mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
• Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
: MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. "
(Via' bauuallto Kerry.)
- : Leave San Francisco, commencing November
I x 3, 1897 : - - ■
I Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. ." • -
1 Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
; Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
; THOS. COOK & SON, Aeents. 621 Market
• ttreet. San Francisco. •*«•PAGE OF STORIES BY OUR GIRLS
SIR ROLLAN
AND THE
PRINCESS.
BY JULIET CHANDLER
IN the year 1399 lived King Armond i
and his Queen, Evelyne, their lit-
Q, Rolan. and their daughter,
Carleen, In a beautiful palace In a
deep forest. Rollan was 10 y.
"i«l and Carleen was eight. The chil
dren wore never allowed to gi> outside
the palace gardens on account of. a
w Icked witch. • -.-■•.
Her dwelling place could never be
found. In tjie mountains, not very far
away from the forest, lived an old giant
and hLs wife, who paid the old witch
a big sum of money for children, whom
they ate.
One day Rollan and Carleen were out
in ■ the garden with their nurse, who
was very old. A butterfly, which was
really the witch in disguise, flew before
them.
The butterfly Just kept out of reach.
Princess ""arleen was very anxious to
capture it, and ran out of the sate be
fore Prime Rollan could stop her. He
ran out to bring her back; but Princess
Carleen ran away very fast and dis
appeared in the woods. At last Rollan
caught up with her. But what was the
sight that met his eyes. On the ground
lay his poor little sister, unconscious,
and tied hand and foot. Her mouth
was bound up in a handkerchief.
Standing over her was an old woman
with green eyes, which flashed like I
phosphorus. She had only two teeth,
which came away down on her chin.
Her nose was hooked like an eaj
Ivak. Her hands wore bony and looked.
like claws. She was dressed wholly in
When she saw Rollan she sprang at
him like a cat. Before he had time to
scream she had gagged him and
bound him hand and foot, and then she
drew from her pocket a little bottle
which sh<? put to Rollan's nose.
Rollan began to feel very drowsy and
could not hold his eyes open. The
next thing Carleen and Rollan knew
they were being dragged through the
wood. They felt very much bruised
and sore. The witch had each of them
by the arm. Her hands seemed to
burn like fire. They were so weak they
could not struggle. At last they came
in sight of an old shanty. On the
chimney sat a large .black cat with
eyes like those of the witch.
When the witch saw him she gave
a shriek of derision which was horrible
to hear. Then the cat gave one spring
and lit on her shoulder. "Oh, Tabby,"
she cried, "you shall have the good
meat I have promised you! Look
here!" Pulling the children to their
feet she showed them to the cat, who
struck at them and sc-atched them,
painfully. The old witch drew them
into the house.
In one corner of a room stood a large
cage in which she put them. Then she
stood by and taunted the 1. When it
grew dark she prepared her supper and
gave each of the children dry crust
and some water. Then she went to
bed. In the morning she came to them
and opened the door. All night long
the poor children had been crying and
Carleen was sobbing yet. The old witch
slapped the poor child so hard that she
made her scream with pain. This made
Rollan so angry that he forgot his fear
and said:
"Don't you slap my sister again."
"You little imp, how dare you speak
to me in that manner?" and she slapped
him also. Then she tied them hand
and foot again and dragged them to a
mountain, which was very steep. Here
SCENE TAKEN FROM THE STORY WRITTEN BY JULIET CHANDLER.
she loosened the cords on their feet and
made them walk.
They saw a wonderful palace wrought
of diamonds shining in the distance.
The old witch kept chuckling to her
self and sayiiv over and ever: I'Money!
ah! Tabby ami I will live in luxury.
They are very fat. teo," and pinched
them as she said so.
At last they came to the palace. The
light that shone from the diamonds al
most blinded them. They heard an
awful roar from within, when the
witch knocked, that shook the ground.
Then there came the tramp of Some
one that Bounded like an army of sol
diers marching. Then the door was
opened and in the doorway stood a
giant l" feet tall and as fat as he could
be. His face was very red.
He h;id eyebrows that were so thick
that they almoßi hid his eyes. When
he saw the children he in;i"le a grab
for them, but the old witch snatched
them away and laughed and said, "My
money Qiat."
Then he roared with anger. He called
his wife, who was as big as himself,
and so cruel looking that the Bight of
her seemed to freeze the blood in the
children's veins.
She brought the money and he gave
Jt to the witch. She gave him the
ihildren, who were almost dead with
Tright. The giant wanted to kill them
dt once and cat them for dinner, but
his wife said: "No, we will wait. In
two days it will be your birthday and
then we will have a grand feast."
Children were as xr<-:it a luxury to
these i:i;ints as turkey is to the aver
GIRL WHOSE MIND CHANGES.
Go. midget maiden, sweet to see.
And sweet to kiss—if that might be- -"f" f
Go. search the garden through and through
And bring the flower you love mosLfnJEfiffl
The midget maid from La Belle France^
Threw back an arch and laughing glance;
"I'm April's pet and precious tease, j
(-change my mind just when I please." '
THE BLUE- EYED GIRL
' ittle Girly-Glrl, of you
J_n Still forever !am dreaming.
Laughing eyes of limpid blue —
Tresses glimmering and gleaming
Like glad waters running over
Shelving shadows, rimmed with clover.
Trembling whefe the eddies whirl.
Gurgling, "Little Girly-GirL"
age person. They then shut them In a
dark cellar, where rats and lizards
dwelt.
Poor little Carleen was so frightened
that she almost fainted. But Rollan
put his arms axound her and tried to
comfort her. Then he laid his coat on
the damp ground and they lay down
and went to sleep. During the night
they were awakened by a terrible
rumbling and shaking. Then there was
a terrible noise and one side of the cel
lar fell in ruins. A stream of light
came in through the opening and as the
children looked they saw a beautiful
fairy descend from the sky.
She called them by name and told
them to come to her, for she was their
guardian angel. Then she took them in
her arms and ascended into the air. As
they arose the earth opened and the
castle, the giant and the witch were
swallowed up. The guardian angel
took the children home, and they lived
happily ever after.
A QUEER
VISITOR.
BY BERTHA GERTRUDE ALLEN
TULARE.
IT was very dim last night, and as I
hurried home from the factory the
street lamps seemed brighter than
usual. I said I hurried; yes, I al-
most ran. I saw nothing to
frighten me, vet my fear of the dark
ness was irresistible.
On turning down our dingy street I
paused a moment for breath. As I did
so I heard a whirring sound as of wind
rushing suddenly and swiftly around a
corner. Then I heard it again and
again. I looked about, but saw not the
cause of it. Surely it wasn't the wind,
for the trees were standing still — as
still as the stone statues across the
street. . Then again I heard the same
queer sounds.
In my amazement, I looked toward
the sky. Probably I thought that it
could solve the mystery. Instead of
seeing its usual blue color I saw it to be
of a purple hue. How. beautiful it did
look! So royal, so stately!
As I turned around I saw a white
object rising slowly above the tree
tops. There seemed to be something
black on it, but I could not tell what
it was. Then it sank from view again.
Instead of being frightened, I was en
tranced with the purple sky and funny
airship.
When I again looked toward the
place where I had last seen this queer
affair it was rising gradually in the
air. It drew nearer, giving me a fine
chance to see it. It was long, round
and hollow. I distinguished the black
figure to be a man, who sat in the cen
ter and guided it.
It circled above me, shot through the
air with lightning speed and then
again it would pause, as if to rest. I
j saw something else, too. It had the
! shape of a coil, with one end flattened
and hanging down. It looked as if it
were made of fire. Not onl" did it cir
cle in the air, but it followed the air
ship constantly.
Then, almost too quickly to be seen,
it swooped down upon this aerial con
veyance. That was the last I saw of
it; but it had done its work. Instantly
the airship began to fall, fall, till it
reached the earth. Not with a crash
and a bang did it touch, but as if It had
1 n a f.-ather.
I hurried to the spot, and what did
I see? I saw the man only. He was
dead. He was about three feet long
and was wrinkled and shriveled
The next thing I remember was that
I was lying on my own bed. This of
course, is not a true'story It is o'nlv
what I dreamed the night before last
THE GIRLS' STORIES.
THE girls' page is published this
naming. Last Sunday morning
the boy story tellers were in evi
dence. The Judges will now be
gin to send in their opinions. Soon
it will be decided whether the boys or
the glrla are the winners. The sooner
the opinions are received the better, to
relieve the impatience of the thousands
of young people who have their at
tention fixed on their champions.
What do the parents think of the
boy and girl writers?
Edith M. Thomas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
James Whit Comb Riley. '
SYDNEY'S
NUGGET.
BY R. MAUD MALLORY.
REEDLEY, CAL.
IN the early days of California, be
fore it was discovered that the
golden poppy grew above the pre
cious metal, a party of emigrants
started from New England across
the plains to the great unknown
West. Paul Wilder, ever since
his boyhood had longed for a
free life in some unexplored country,
and as his young wife, Madaline, was
willing to accompany him they bade
farewell to friends and joined the
train.
After a perilous journey of six
months the company reached the land
of flowers. One September evening,
near sunset, the train halted for the
night on the brow of a mountain over
looking a beautiful valley. Nestling at
the foot of the mountain was a little
sheltered cove, and Paul and Madaline
were so struck by the beauty of this
spot that they resolved to stop here.
The following morning the remainder
of the party proceeded down the val
ley, selecting suitable homes, and leav
ing the happy young couple with their
hearts full of pleasant anticipations
to lay the foundation for their future
abode. Paul built a rude log house
near a sparkling mountain stream. The
first winter was full of hard work for
both, improving the little home which
had already grown dear to them. Ere
long their home was brightened by the
arrival of a dear little baby boy, and
their happiness seemed complete. Lit
tle Sydney was a beautiful child, as he
grew older. Yellow curls hung over his
shoulders, and his large, dark eyes had
JOAN'S EXCITING RIDE ON THE PRAIRIE WITH THE BAND OF HOWLING INDIANS IN HOT CHASE
a dreamy expression. One day Paul
went hunting and did not return at
night. This being unusual the hours
seemed days to Madaline. Morning
came at last, hut brought no tidings
of the lost hunter.
At last she determined to find him.
Fearing the worst, she mounted a gen
tle horse, and, with Sydney, started out
to search. After traveling hours, and
calling loudly she heard a faint an
swer. Hastening in the direction
whence it came she suddenly halted on
the edge of a deep ravine; peering over
she saw Paul lying on the ground be
low. Filled with intense anxiety and
gloomy forebodings, Madeline proceed
ed by a circuitous route to the bottom
of the gulch, and learned that, while
returning from a fruitless hunt at night
Paul had fallen over the precipice. For
tunately his bruises were not as serious
as she had feared. He had sprained
his knee and could not walk, and had
it not been for Madaline's brave effort
to save him he might have perished of
hunger before being rescued.
Madaline bathed his limb in the
stream near by and gave him food
which sho had brought. And helping
him on the horse with little Sydney
they started home. it was late, at
night when the little company reached
the gate. Paul was made as comfort*
able as possible. Madaline was near
ly sick from her long walk. When Syd
ney, In trying to comfort his papa, took
from his pocket a handful of pebbles.
"See, papa," he said. "These are the
pretty stones I found in the water."
Imagine Paul's surprise when he found
among them a nugget of pure gold.
Future investigation proved that the
scene Of Paul's misfortune was rich in
the precious metal; and to make a lorfg
story short, little Sydney Wilder had
discovered a rich gold mine, which
proved a source of wealth, and while
I'aul and Madaline have traveled much
their home is the little sheltered nook
in California, where the humble cot
tage has long siiwe given place to a
beautiful modern home. And Paul re
fers to the accident while hunting aa
his fortunate misfortune.
Next Sunday morning the roll of
honor will be published, which em
braces the names of the young writers
whose work has been accepted for the
boys' and girls' pages. All the opin
ions of the judges who respond in time
will also be made public next Sun
day.
Some very good stories written by
boys and girls in competition for place
on the boys' page and the girls' page
will be published soon. They almost
won first place.
It took much deliberation before the
choice was finally made of the cham
pions for the girls' side. The names of
some old acquaintances will be found
on the page this morning and some
new ones.
A WILD RIDE
FOR
JOAN'S LIFE.
BY LUCY TILLOTSON
SANTA CRUZ.
JOAN BANKS lived at a small army
post on the Missouri River. It was
a lonely, deserted spot and the
nearest village was twenty miles
away.
A vast plain stretched out on all sides
of the post. On the other side of the
river were many unfriendly Indians.
The officers had used some land which
was theirs and they were ready for a
battle any time.
In the fort were only fifty or fifty
five soldiers, and a few officers. Cap
tain Banks, his housekeeper and his
13-yea»--Jld daughter, Joan, Lieutenant
Jordan and wife and Colonel Roberts.
On an August afternoon the officers
and their wives went out for a ride
on their ponies. Thirty of the soldiers
with Lieutenant Myers had gone to the
Indians' camp to try and make peace
with them about the land.
Joan was left with the housekeeper,
Mis. Cones, who had taken care of Joan
ever since her mother died, ten years
earlier. In the middle of the afternoon
it grew sultry and Joan decided to take
a ride outside of the fort, in spite of
commands.
So she set out. She was dressed in
a light sailor suit of navy blue, and a
jaunty wnlp-brim hat set upon a mass
of raven lucks.
After trotting up and down outside
the fort for about half an hour she
turned her horse toward the valley
where the Indians were encamped. As
the horse was wandering about at his
own free will among the low brush
Joan spied two or more horses' heads
above the ridge, not far from where
she was. In five minutes' time at least
sixty Indians appeared, each upon a
horse, all waving and pointing wildly.
For a moment Joan was dazed. Then
the whole situation flashed upon her
mind and she thought: "Dear me!
The redskins are coming to attack the
fcrt. Forty brave Indians and at least
twenty weaker ones against twenty
five soldiers! I see it now. While Lieu
tenant Myers was talking to them
these wise old redskins slipped off."
All of a sudden the Indians spied
Joa~>; they pointed at her and grunted,
then started on a swift -allop toward
her.
Joan immediately turned her pony
1 and started off on a breakneck speed
toward the fort.
The Indians set up a yell and tried to
catch up with her. Once Joan thought
surely she would be .taken; for her pony
slipped and she fell upon the hard
earth. She jumped into the saddle and
the swift little pony soon left the red
men's tired horses in the rear.
The twenty-five dozing soldiers were
MRS. JENKINS' BAD POODLE.
awakened by the clattering of horses'
hunts. They sprang up in alarm and
ran to the barrack doors to see Joan,
hatless and breathless, and the pony
running at breakneck speed.
"Hun, quick! The Indians are com
ing. Get your guns; here they are!"
was Joan's cry, and then she fell out
of her saddle in a faint.
The soldiers met the Indians, and a
fierce light followed, during which
Lieutenant Myers returned and proved
a great help. Out of forty Indians, ten
were wounded and five killed. The In
dians left a sorry but victorious party,
and never again troubled them.
But where was Joan all this time?
She fainted, and was immediately put
to bed by Mrs. Cones.
Captain Banks praised Joan for her
bravery, and tol her she had saved the
fort. He never scolded her for disobey
ing him.
Jo&D became a great favorite among
the ladies. Six months later Captain
Banks retired and went to Brooklyn
to live with his brother, and Joau grew
nn Jn lhat ejtv. *
EDITED BY DAVID H. WALKER
THE REAL PRETTY GIRL
~*hnce blessed little Kitty! She almost looked prertyl
Beloved by. the. angels, she needed no pity '/o^i\ '
O juvenile charmers, with shoulders-of - no^(i//^^k\
V Ruby lips, sunny tresses, .. " ■;. -■, jK '% -
/ Forms made for caresses]— •crrSi^V
There's one thing, my beauties, 'tis well y^eb.-'shdiild khe^w,,
Though the world is in love ,witK bright eyes and soft hair.
Tis only good children the angel* call fair. , *
THE BAD
POODLE.
BY NONIE E. HERBERT.
BLOOMFIELD, CAL.
MR. PETTIBONE walked briskly
down a quiet, shady street,
swinging his serviceable old
green umbrella in one hand and
"nrrying a shiny new carpet-bag
in the other.
Suddenly a sign suspended from the
porch of a neat house opposite caught
his eye and he perused it slowly:
ROOMS TO LET.
APPLY
WITHIN.
"Just the very place I want," said he
as, opening the gate, he walked to the
porch, where lay a curly little white
poodle, which, awakened by the noise
of Mr. Pettibone's entrance, jumped up
with a shrill "ki-yi-yi!"
Mr. Pettibone stepped back and dis
placed a large pot containing a choice
flower, which fell from the porch with a
crash and broke into a hundred pieces.
Mr. Pettibone's anger was thoroughly
aroused. He raised his umbrella in or
der to strike the dog and heedlessly
brought his weapon violently against
an ornamental bracket, which instantly
fell and broke.
Mrs. Jenkins, the landlady, hearing
all this clatter on the porch, of her do
main, hurried to the door and raised
up her hands in astonishment at the
spectacle.
Sitting in the middle of the floor,
amid a heap of ruins, sat the Hon. Mr.
Pettibone. His downfall was caused by
his clumsiness in evading the offensive
poodle, which now danced around him
in a state of wild rage. Mr. Pettibone's
carpet-bag was lying open on the porch
and a medley of hairbrushes, combs an«l
sundry articles of dress lay scattered
near. His poor umbrella was broken,
his tall silk hat was under him.
Mr. Pettlbone's language was not
very choice as he extricated himself
from the ruins. But when he saw Mrs.
Jenkins his polite behavior returned
immediately. Mrs. Jenkins silenced tho
poodle and told Mr. Pettibone, who had
speedily picked up his belongings, to
follow her and she would try and suit
him as to a room. Mr. Pettibone be
stowed a rueful glance upon his ruined
hat and followed his fair conductress
into the house.
Mr. Pettibone, duly established as a
lodger and being pleased with every
thing, thought he would politely ten
der the widow his name and fortune
and aid through life. With that pur
pose in view he sauntered into the
widow's neat little parlor and, smiling
benignly on the flustrated dame, seated
himself in a comfortable chair.
The next minute he jumped up in the
air with a yell that would put to shame
a Sioux brave and bounded around the
room with Mrs. Jenkins' poodle in full
pursuit. Gaining the door he rushed
through and went out of the garden
like a flash.
He had, on coming into the parlor,
unwittingly sat down on the poodle,
which was taking a quiet siesta in the
chair, which brought the wrath of that
being down on him in full force.
Next day a porter came and gave
Mrs. Jenkins the money due her and
removed Mr. Levi Pettibone's belong
ings from the house. Needless to say
Mrs. Jenkins and the worthy poodle
saw him no more.
BILLY'S
FISHING.
BY MARION R. DEWEY.
SONOMA.
IT was a warm day in summer, just
the day to go fishing, Billy Barlow
thought. As Billy wasn't the boy
to linger about the house when
there was any prospect of weeding
the garden in view he sneaked
off and made the best of his
way to the river, with rod, line
and a can of fish worms as bait.
We find our young angler lying in the
shade on the bank, but making no pre
tense of fishing. He lay still awhile,
listening to the drowsy hum of the bees
as they flew from flower to flower and
to the clatter of the mowing machine
as it cut the grain in the field.
"Well, I'd better hurry up, I guess,"
said Billy, aloud, lazily sitting up.
At that moment a fish popped his
head out of the water
"Poma nn." it said.
-Marian Douglas
Billy stared. He had never heard a
fish speak before.
"Come on, I say!" repeated the fish,
severely. "Are you deaf?"
Billy found his tongue. "Where shall
I go?" he asked.
"Follow me, of course, you dunce!""
replied the fish.
Billy, without second thought, plunged
in. He sank down to the bottom with
out feeling any discomfort.
"Well, I don't see why folks want to
make such a fuss about being
drowned," said Billy to himself.
He looked around. It seemed as
though he stood on a hillside, although
he was at the bottom of the river.
BERNARD COMING FROM THE FOREST BRINGING A STRANGE CHILD
"Didn't I tell you to follow me?" said I
a voice beside him. "Stop staring i
around and come along."
Billy looked around and beheld the
fish lazily swimming around his head, j
He didn't exactly relish the idea of be- j
ing ordered around by a fish, but, to i
tell the truth, Billy was somewhat
afraid of it, and he thought it best to
submit.
The fish led the way, and Billy fol
lowed, picking his way cautiously be
tween great sharp stones which threat
ened to c\it his bare feet. His progress
was necessarily slow, and at last the
fish turned around.
"Why don't you hurry up?" he in
quired angrily.
"If I could swim, perhaps I could get
along faster," said Billy, respectfully.
"I forgot that," replied the fish
thoughtfully. "But here we are. We
have reached our destination."
Turning a bend of the river Billy al
most ran into a company of fish who
were lazily sporting about.
"Here, take care!" cried his conduc
tor. "Sit down and behave yourself."
Billy obeyed, but the next moment an
angry squeal made him aware of the
! fact that he had sat on a fish. He im
; mediately spraiig up, filled with dis
may.
"I wish," said the insulted fish, "that
you hadn't brought such an intractable
specimen."
"Well, he was the only one around,"
sulkily replied Billy's conductor, "and
I wasn't g"ing to look for another. I'm
• tired of acting as a servant for you fel
j lows. If you don't like him, get an
i other, if you can find one!"
The other iish was about to make an
angry reply, when Billy interfered.
"I didn't mean any harm," he said,
"but this fellow here" — indicating his
quide — "treated me awfully."
"Well, well, to business," interposed
another, seeing that a general row was
imminent. "Wearemembers of a society
of fishes, whose purpose is to find out
more about that peculiar race of beings
called humans. After you answer all
our Questions you are to be confined
in a cave, as we wish to experiment
upon you."
Billy thought that the joke was going
too far. He sprang up and ran off,
screaming "Help! murder! police!" at
the top of his voice.
Than, an angry cry burst, from the
fishes, and Billy had a dim recollec
tion, afterward, of great, horrid mon
sters rising up around him, snapping
their jaws in a manner that made Billy
shiver with fright. Suddenly a par
ticularly larfee one opened his mouth to
swallow him and all seemed lost.'
"Why, Billy," exclaimed a familiar
voice, "lying here asleep! Get up, lazy
bones!"
Billy sat un. wondering. He was sit
ting on the bank, and before him was
standing his elder brother.
."Where's the fish and all those big
alligators?" asked Billy.
"Get out! You've been dreaming!"
said his broths-
Billy got up and walked slowly home.
"I'm glad it was a dream, anyhow,"
he said.
THE GIRL WHO FORGETS.
Once the Little Girl that cried
LooKmg through her tears espied
Lovely motes of colored light
In the fringes of her eye-
Just as when the weather clears
\jg And the clouds are put to flight
There's 3 rainbow in the sky.
And the Little Girl that cried. /
As she saw this lovely sight — <' <
This fine rainbow in her tears-
Would forget the reason why
She had thought it best to try.
THE
NEW
MASTER.
BY ANITA M. TOMASINI
SUISUN CITY
LEROY NUCOMB sat reading on
the shady porch of his cozy lit
tle home built half way up the
sides of the noble Sierras. Like
an eagle's eyrie it commanded
a fine view of the Sacramento
Valley, with its green orchards and
well-kept farms. Away in the distance
could be seen the bay, dotted with
ships. But on this particular day all
this grand scenery lay unnoticed be
fore Leroy's eyes. He was deep in
those dear old tales of the Arabian
Nights, when Bernard, his only play
mate and companion' came barking
playfully up to him.
"Well, old chap," said the boy, laying
aside his book for a moment to caress
his pet, "where have you been for the
past three days? I am afraid you have
found a new master somewhere, one
you like better than me. Haven't you?"
he asked playfully, patting the shaggy
head.
For the past five years Bernard had
been the faithful guardian of the
"Aerial Farm, "as it Was callad. Never
for one moment had he been known to
wander away. But for the past month
he had weekly made excursions to the
woods, sometimes being gone three
days at a time.
Leroy now romped with him and then
tired out returned to his book. Not so
with the dog. He wished to play at
hide-and-seek, and tried by licking his
master's face to make his wishes
known. But Leroy, like so many tired
boys, let his temper get tMe best of him,
and, giving the dog a sound cuff, said,
"Clear out and go to your other mas
ter."
The dog stood, for a moment with
drooping head, then trotted quickly
away.
Leroy read on till the pine trees' shade
made it too dark to see, and then throw*
ing his book upon the porch, he ran off
to seek Bernard, expecting to fin- 1 him
at the bnrn. His search was in vain.
The next day passed and the next, and
still no sign of Bernard. Every night
saw the repentant little master sob
himself to sleep.
The sixth day passed as slowly as all
days had passed since Bernard's disap-
I>i-:i ranee, and Leroy again sat upon the
little perch, this time studying the beau
tiful panorama below him.
What was that he heard? Was it a
child's cry? Again that pitiful cry, this
time followed by a joyful bark. He
knew the bark. The cry did not trou
ble him now. He bounded over the low
garden wall and through the thicket.
But what was this? Bernard, lean and
tired-looking, came slowly down the
wood path, and on his back, bound fast
with ropes, was a tiny flaxen-haired
girl. The frightened child was weeping
bitterly and struggled to free herself.
Mrs. Nucomb cut the cords that
bound her and washed and fed her. She
was too young to talk, but in the pocket
of her little apron they found a note.
It read:
To the owner of this dog: I tale the
liberty of sending this child to you, for,
from the appearances of this dog, you
are a kind-hearted person. I stole her
back East from her parents, but my
conscience has pricked me too severely
since I've seen how sweet a child she
is growing up. 'Twas a year ago I stole
her, because I was jealous of her fath
er, and now her mother is dead. Her
father shall not have her! I am going
to start for Australia to-day. Take
good care of Leona for her dear moth
er's sake, and oblige LONG JIM.
So this was Bernard's new master!
How he had ever met the child, where
she lived, who her parents were, who
was her kidnaper, were never found
out. She is now one of California's fair
est daughters, and her husband, Leroy
Nucomb. one of the most prominent of
her native sons.
Sdith rvu Thoma%
3132
HIGH SCHOOLS'
MORAL FORCES
Professor Brown on an
Important Pedagog
ical Problem.
Defines the Ideal General
Culture Course for Sec
ondary Schools.
Probability of a Scarcity of Teachers
Positions lor University
Graduates.
Professor Elmer E. Brown of the Uni
veraity of California concluded yester
day morning at Berkeley a series of lec
tures on "Secondary Education" by sum
marizing the probit-nis of secondary edu
cation in this State. He said:
Among the most Important problems is the
securing of more adequate support for high
schools. This, I think, can be done without
any amendment to our existing State constitu
tion. California will never 1" a leading State
in the matter of secondary education until it
reaches the stage reached by Massachusetts,
where the establishment of secondary schools
is not permissive but obligatory on communi
ties of adequate size.
The differentiation of secondary schools is
also an important problem and one that will
need jrreat attention before it can be satis
factorily realized. Of till greater Importance
is the problem of making the high school a
moral force in the community, The period of
the child's life during which his secondary
education Is going on is a time when the most
lasting mor&I impressions are formed. It is
the time when skepticism, religious, philo
sophical and scientific, becomes strongest—
when the child cornea to doubt tilings that had
previously been considered settled. Principles
are apt to become lax unless the pupils have
strong, positive teachers to give them strong,
positive assistance. This is eminently the
period In which the children should be made to
realize that principle should govern their ac
tions and that dishonesty in every form should
be shunned.
Professor Brown summed up the re
sults of ihe Investigation Into the course
of study in secondary schools as follows:
Every adequate general culture course of
secondary prude is, ipso facto, an adequate
preparatory course for college.
Every school; from the primary school to the
colleK*-, should point to something higher.
Every schoul Should he Independent and at the
same time dependent. Each has its responsi
bilities, wl::<h cannot be : irked on to another
school. Every general culture course of study
should introduce the student to the four great
studies, tory, mathematics, literature and
science, in ■pier to give him a chance to see
to what he is adapted.
- T. I. rieaton, who instituted
students of pedagogy
i nance to obtain prac
in teaching In the public
■■• y and i >akland, an
'.vi.rk had been very
opposition
■ made to it. The plan
c i <en tried in Alameda
. and the r< suits, he de
• d most gratifying.
Mr-. May !.. Cheney, appointment sec
miverslty, annoui .) that
if the prospective gradu
university were eligible for
lamed how
■ lared that
on account <>i the •■ ■■ will
:■!;. be more ■•• than posi
rged all the prospective
cept any posit ion
be offered them, whether grammar
<ir high school positions.
Mr. I ■ ncluded the work of tho
t •-! in with some brief remarks on science
and scientific Investigation. He said:
To the ordinary citizen or scholar science is
not practical. The passengers on a great At
lf.ntic liner henefit by the science embodied in
the construction of the ship, yet they know
nothing of the. science. That Is for the pilot
and the engineer to know. Hence, it is errone
ous to suppose, as many do, that the study of
chemistry in the schools is of more practical
value than the study of literature. This is
not true. The teaching of science in the
schools is valuable primarily as a means of
culture. Laboratory work should teach a pupil
to see accurately and draw conclusions. The
method and habit of investigation not the
actual knowledge acquired, is the valuable
thing to l>e gained from the study of science,
Laboratories should be used to help the student
to see a.n<i t.i understand nature.
WORK FOR THE SWEEPERS.
Bituminized Streets to Be Sprinkled
by Hond Hereafter in Order
to Prevent Accidents.
The Street <'..mmittPfi of the Supervis
ors considered a petition from the Mt
chants' Association Thursday requesting
that the city dl sprinkling bitu
minized Btreets with sprinkling carts on
the ground that it is injurious to the
ta and many accidents occur through
9 slipping when the streets are made
bo wet. The petition sots forth that all
that is n« essary to lay tlir- dust is for
the sweepers to go over th<' pavements
with hand sprinklers. A resolution was
accordance with the petition.
ommuntcation from the Potrrro Im
nvent Club was read, requesting that
ts in that district he "swept
oftener. Jt v. lined that the
streets are swept as often as provided
for in th»- contract, but that tho schedule
is too Infrequent. The matter was re
. to the Street Superintendent
'•no! Sullivan, the Mayor's secretary
appeared before the committee, in con
nection with the veto of the order al
lowing Surveyor Tilton IH'-i f or prepar
ing plans of the sewer system south of
after having been paid $11 000 for
preparing the specifications. Colonel Sull
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CCT * i>i_r«lNl3D.
When an innocent man is condemned for
any crime he doesn't lose hope. His law-
yers appeal from one S^\
court to another. i«/^v
They are bound to V^Cv/
save him, if he can /^y^t-r^Qfi?^
be saved. It is the iV/\»W?iNnHF 1
same way with a ™ °WlM>^ »-
good doctor when V 1"V 1 " j&Tfi&L S Bjsk
his patient seems h M^^^>\aSOL
condemned to death I / aiJSi
by disease. • \ j w^E^s?l
But doctors make j^* /fItE^TNT^aMM
mistakes some- y^&?^^^iS^*4if^S j
times; they lose f/f I "'£«£??
heart too 'soon. /// / IMf^ptf
After they have /// I|lOy
tried everything '/3 WHOM
they know and /.g Ws^¥s*
the patient is . /*" ■'-.£&*■!?*
no better, they ; t» fai^ls/
think there is / B S^P^?
nothing more to I? 'i&^f
be done. They / I Mn|W
don't always 3 I *^g |
get at the root I* I "' yhfb!
of .the disease. 9 I 1 SKjE
They frequently f*^J VJaS '
give a patient &**£^
up to die of con-
Gumption, and
are afterwards surprised to see him get
strong and well again.
Mrs. W. B. Duncan, of Arlington. Phe!ps Co.,
Mo., writes: "My husband took four bottles of
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery when he
was (as he thought ) almost into consumption, and
we were very thankful that such a medicine could
be found. I wish all persons troubled with cough
would take it. Loss may the Golden Medical
Discovery' and 'Favorite Prescription be
made. I shall always recommend and praise
these medicines."
All lung and bronchial diseases are cured
by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery,
because it supplies the system with healthy
blood. It, puts the vital forces into action
and fills the circulation with the life-giving
red corpuscles which builds up solid, mus-
cular flesh and healthy nerve-force. .
As a medical author, Dr. Pierce holds an
eminent place in his profession; His great
♦housand-page illustrated book, "The Peo-
ple's Common Sense Medical Adviser" is
one of the standard medical works of the
English language. Nearly 700,000 copies
were sold at $1.50 each. A paper-bound
copy will be sent absolutely free for the cost
of mailing only, 21 one-cent stamps; or,
cloth-bound for 31 stamps. . World's Dis-
■ pcusiry Medical Association; Buffalo, N.Y.
- •■- ■ --* . — >
[van read a lonp statement from Engi
neer McCullough, showing that the
charge was exorbitant. Tilton's assist
ant.'Mr. Moaler, attempted to reply to
the charge, but when Sullivan read the
original contract he got badly tangled
up and the committee mercifully granted
him a week In which to prepare a writ
ten statement.
A number of Market street merchants
appeared before the committee in protest
against changing the numbers in certain
blocks on the south side of that stiv.-t.
li<- Vaney offered a resolution, which was
adopted, requesting the merchants to sub
mit to the board a plan for the equali
zation and regulation of the numbers on
opposite sides of the street.
Consideration of the Mayor's veto of
the resolution awarding the contract for
repairing Third street, between Mission
and Howard, to Flynn and Treacy, went
over for a week.
CHURCH AND L.TERATURE
Rev. James McDonald Tells What the
Catholic Church Has Done.
A lecture on "Church and Literature"
was given by the Rev. James McDonald
under the auspices of Phi] Sheridan
Council X". 71. Y. M. 1., in Metropolitan
Temple Friday evening which parked the
building from the stage to the back row
of the gallery.
The speaker confined his remarks main
ly to the position which the Catholic
church has taken in the spread
of literature and deplored the
historical text-books used In the
public schools as being written alto
g>th«'r by prejudiced people, unfaithful
and slanderous ;■> the Catholic church.
He then touched on the manner in which i
literature was preserved through the j
dark ages. "Admitting the fact," he ;
said, "thai the dark ages were all that j
historians claim them to have been, civ- :
Ilization lias much to thank the church
for, ;is it ;i;iil it alone preserved whatever
knowledge was extant at that time and
has handed it down to the present time.
tf we read a true and correct history we
will find that all the works of the' old
classical writers wore faithfully pre
i by the Catholic church, and this
gives the church a standing in lit
history." He then cited many In
■ - of valuable works of literature!
and history which owed their existence at
i time to the Catholic church
ai< ne.
At the close of the lecture the audience
arose as one and sang the old favorite,
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean" in a
most ardent and patriotic manner.
TAYLOR SAVED
FROM PRISON
An Unfortunate Young Man
Arrested on a Trumped
Up Charge.
Justice G. W. F. Cook Scores the
Head of a Collection
Company.
Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook on
Friday frustrated what appeared to him
to be little less than an attempt at ex
tortion, and saved Wallace S. Taylor
from being sent to prison for debt. From
the proceedings before the Justice ii ap
peared thai Taylor, who is the son of a
wealthy resident of Brooklyn, had become
Mcd to the proprietress of a lodging
• at the corner of Stockton and Hush
Btn ets to the amount of $95. The hill was
given t<> the Interstate Collection and
Law Company, of which Albert Arm
strong is the head and front.
Armstrong prctesseo great sympathy tor
Taylor, and told him that if he would
give a note f, ir the amount it would be
satisfactory. Taylor gave the note, but
the landlady would not accept it unless
it was indorsed, ho Armstrong sent it to
Taylor's fatner in Brooklyn tor his in
dorsement. He wrote a letter to the elder
Taylor, Baying it was necessary in order
to save the young man from serious
trouble. The father replied that if it was
really necessary he would nnlor.se tue
note.
1 j">n rweipt of this answer Armstrong
filed an affidavit with Judge Conk, setting
forth that Taylor was about to depart
from the State with intent to defraud his
creditors, and asking that he be arrested. '
Judge <'<."k Issued tne order early Thurs
day morning, and Taylor was held in the
ly of the Sheriff until nearly 4
o'clock that afternoon, when the matter
came up for hearing before Judge Cook. 1
Just before the case was called William
Tomsky w;ts appointed to defend Taylor's
Interests, to the evident annoyance of
Armstrong.
Tayior admitted owing the bill, but
<l<-i!ic.l that he had any intention of leav
ing th« State, or that he could do so
if he wished, as he was penniless. He
then told a story of misfortune that
gained him the sympathy of all who
heard it. Taylor said he had been in n
ceipt of a handsome salary, but had lost
his position and was entirely dependent
upon his father's bounty. His wife had '
separated from him, taking their two
children. When they separated Taylor
verbally agreed to make her a handsome
allowance, but it was soon after that he
bis position. Since then his father
has scut him small sums, sufficient to
keep him, but his wife has managed to
ascertain whenever a remittance has ar
rived and has invariably taken every
cent, leaving him absolutely nothing to
live on.
Notwithstanding this, she has begun
suit against him in Oakland to recover
$1800 Bhe alleges to be due her according
to bis promise to provide for her. In
this suit she has failed to account for any
of the money he has given her.
Upon Taylor's showing, Judge Cook
continued the case until yesterday, mean
while releasing him from the custody of
the Sheriff. When the case came up yes
terday Armstrong failed to appear to
prosecute, and Judge Cook quietly dis
missed the proceedings, sharply rebuking
the prosecution for its conduct.
Attorney Tomsky is highly indignant at
the treatment his client has received and
threatens to prosecute Armstrong' for
false imprisonment. He said yesterday
and Judge Cook undoubtedly took the
same view of the case, that Armstrong's
motive was to have Taylor imprisoned in
order to induce the cider Taylor to in
dorse the note; then after that had been
done, to mulct the old gentleman on the
wife's suit for $1800. Disbarment pro
ceedings against Armstrong are also
hinted at.
DEMAND FEES FROM SEAMAN.
The Defense Offer the Plea That the
Vessel Was Under a Foreign
Flag.
R. O. lenders and W. P. Hermann were
examined yesterday before X'nlted States
Court Commissioner Heacock on several
charges of demanding from sailors a
commission or fee for obtaining them
employment on the Argentine barkentine
Sharpshooter. The defendants set up the
plea that at tho time of the commission
of the alleged offense the barkentiiu- was
under the Argentine flag. The Govern
ment set up the contention that the bark
entine was owned at that time by an
American corporation and that the Fed
eral statutes were operative In her case.
Since the arrest of the defendants the
barkentine has been sold to another
American firm and has been placed under
the American flag and her name changed
to Ruth. Commissioner Heacock neld the
defendants to answer.
In the Divorce Courts.
I-iillle Cole commenced suit yesterday to
secure a divorce from Amos Cole on the
ground of cruelty.
Pietro Berella has been sued for divorce
by Letterina Berella on the ground of
cruelty.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted Ella
Peyser a divorce from Morris Peyser on
the ground of failure to provide; Mildred
A. Thomas from J. A. Thomas, failure to
provide.
Trouble Over Advertising Bights.
Len D. Owens and Thomas H. B. Var
ney, advertising agents, commenced in
junction proceedings yesterday to re
strain John Furness and William Bogen
from tearing down a temporary fence
around the St. Ann's building property
They claim that the defendants entered
into a contract with them, giving them
the advertising privileges on the fence
and that the defendants now threaten to
tear down 1 the fence.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
mt *oi>~»* j—oia4. JL " — nan, 101.7 1023 KlamUtu.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
HALES. |
TO-DAY'S Fair ; light northerly shift-
WEATHdR ing to brisk westerly winds
REPORT. in the afternoon.
Wa Tinea At 6 every night, including j
" C UU;>e Saturday. Second concert j
! next Saturday 2 to 5 by Bruck's Boston I
I Elite Orchestra.
I i
STAMPED
LINENS,
Doylies and
Center Pieces.
After the house-cleaning these
little novelties in White Goods
and Fancy Work add a charm to
every household.
Stamped Linens
7x7, all linen, hemstitched, 1-inch
hem 10c
SxS, all linen, hemstitched,
hem 12% c
9xo, all linen, hemstitched, 1-lnch
hem 12V2C
14x14, all linen, hemstitched, l^i-inch
hem 25c
18x18, all linen, hemstitched, 2-inch
hem 35c
Others with very handsome Spanish
drawn work, 18x18 to 31x31 50c to 85c
Doylies.
California set of Round Doylies, 3
pieces to the set (one size lKxlfi and
two 7x7), all stamped and tinted
with California flowers, such as
baby blue eyes, poppies and pinks..
25c a set 1
Traycloths and Scarfs, i
16x28, all linen, hemstitched, 2-inch
hem. 35c each, or spokestitch, same
hem 50c each
17x2ri, union linen, hemstitched, 2-inch
hem 25c each •
16%x54, all linen, hemstitched Scarf..
50c each
Special attention Is called to a few pure ;
linen Scarfs (slightly soiled), formerly
$8 50, but for this reason reduced to $2 '
each.
Battenberg Squares.
l^xis, linen center, fine squares.. sl 50 each '
Spachtel Goods.
fix*}, round and prjuare Doylies nc each
20x20, round and square centerpieces
75c each
32-inch square Shams Jl to $3 pair
Tambour Scarfs.
20x36 Cfine line) 45 C to 75c each
18x54 (extras) 50c to $2 each I
Bureau Sets.
Tambour Sets, 1 Scarf and 3 Doylies
*1 25
Infants' Robes.
Just in. The new season's Robes will
be open for view Monday; a delight for
mothers; 75c to $5.
Other important items in our
ad in the "lixaminer."
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The State's Big Mineral
Collection May Go to
Omaha.
Big Mining Company's Scheme
to Run Prospect Tunnels
Under a Town.
If California secures a creditable min
ing display at the Transmlssissippi Con
gress it will l>e through the sending there |
of a large portion of the collection in the j
State Mining .Bureau. This collection is !
being packed preparatory to being trans- j
ferred to the future quarters of the Mm- \
ing Bureau in the new ferry depot, and |
efforts are being made to have It sent to
Omaha. This is by far the best use that
can be made of it during the time in
volved, and moet enterprising mining
men interested in the future of the in
dustry in this State will hope that the
bulk of it will be forwarded and attract- j
Ively displayed; Other Western mining ;
States Will have superb displays and Cali- j
fornia needs the auvertising as much as I
any of them. Messrs. M. 11. de loung, j
'iney L. Ford and Charles G. Yale have !
been appointed commissioners to look
after tne matter of a mineral exhibit,
and they request contributions of ores,
minerals, etc., from all over the State.
One of the noticeable features of the
I Klondike rush at tins particular time is
I the rate-cutting from I'uget Sound to
Juneau, Dyea and Skaguay, which has al
ready made the trip a cheap one. The
result is that hundreds are going to those
places with but little more money than
enough to take them there, lured by the
hope and expectation that there will be
plenty of chances to make money some
now, whereas these places are overrun
with people looking for a chance to
"rustle," and hundreds are unable to get
! a day's work at low wages. The Alaska
1 Mining Record takes this view of it
"lt is difficult to estimate the harm
which would come to Alaska in the event
of a material cut in the passenger rates
between our ports and the cities of the
; coast. The immediate result would be
; the flocking hither of thousands who are '
: now kept away only by the fact that the
■ present fares, reasonable though they are
are still too high to permit their coming!
Ignorant of the true conditions obtaining
! here thousands entertain the belief that
! they have only to reac*i Alaska to find
j remunerative employment, and that In a
! short time a sufficient sum can be saved
j to enable them to outfit for the gold fields.
! A low passenger tariff would bring to
Alaska hundreds of deserving men, who
would find too late that this is no poor
man's country."
I . .
Julian Sonntag, secretary of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, has received
word from Denver that each county asso
, ciation will be allowed five delegates to
the International Mining Congress, which
I will meet in Salt Lake- early in July.
. The Mountain Echo, published at Angels j
Camp, Calaveras County, has this to say
i about an odd enterprise conceived by the I
Utica Mining Company: "The proposition I
made by the Utica Mining Company to
explore, at a depth of 500 feet from the
surface, under the various lots of the i
town, for the discovery of the new ledges i
of gold-bearing quartz, is meeting with
general approval. Of course, there are '
some of the residents of Angels who ob- j
ject to granting the company this right, !
and .as all propositions that have no op- j
j position seldom amount to anything, it '
is more than likely that the Utica Com
pany ■will, with some little difficulty, sue-
I ceed in securing the privilege asked for."
George W. ■ fumble has organized ■ a
company to -develop some 1 of the deep
gravel beds lying south of Placerville,
and for .that; purpose has secured ■ work
• ing bonds on the . Jeffrey and Green
JLMouiitain gravel mines," He returned from
.'___ i HALES. I
■HO MgSSB SBS3HSS I IIiHWWHIHMj m sf***^}
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street,
Welcome! Thrice Welcome!
■■'■■■ ' - # *
Absorbing as are the details of war, peace has its victories and commerce its joys.
Only a brief two weeks ago Easter was our topic— Easter with its new creations in costumes
and millinery. Last Sunday we spoke of house-cleaning and the helps we had to the
housewife. To-day we look back over the period (nearly six years) that Hale's has been
known to the careful buyers of San Francisco and we note with pardonable pride how Hale's
original store has kept on "annexing"— kept on "making war" on high prices— kept on
buying and selling for spot cash, until to-day Hale's in San Francisco actually covers
twice the amount of floor space they did less than six years ago. The store which steadily
and persistently grows must have something more than the ordinary at its back. The store
which has made itself felt as "San Francisco's most progressive dry-goods house" has the
strongest possible asset in the CONFIDENCE of the PEOPLE. Next week is our anniversary
week, and therefore in looking over our new annex— our increased stock and facilities
—seeing how in the vast increase of floor space we can handle our increasing trade, Hale's
feel that probably the most pleasing thought is that the people know where good goods
("Hales goods") are retailed for cash at the lowest possible profit. It is one of the strictest
rules of Hale's that all goods shall be truthfully advertised and sold only on their merits.
Following out this rule, these new goods will be put on sale Monday at 8 sharp, and will
remain on sale until sold out. We don't expect to duplicate these close prices this season.
$$& 5000
%m^ Yards
JE^cF Yards
3E 53W- Lappet
W^^^Ml Wash
rf£so?M : --* floods.
First show Monday, and on sale all the
week, 5000 yards new Lappet Wash '
Goods in lace stripes, floral and mottled ;
effects, 45 colorings and patterns, regu- ;
larly worth 15c. Hale's introductory price
10c Yard.
Boys' Blouse Waists.
Boys' Blouse Waists made of fine white
lawns, large sailor collar, embroidery,
ruffled, trimmed collar, cuffs and front,
ages 3 to 9. Regular price, sic; special
price— ] - v ;
_ 35c.
Children's Sun Hats.
First offering of fine lawn sun hats,
extra large full shape, corded and lace j
trimmed rim, colors tan, pink and blue, !
actually worth 50c. Special price—
35c.
In Our New Millinery Department. Jk^
Special display of Fancy The new Shepherdess The latest Knox Turban, "^jaL^
. Braid Short Back Sailors, Walking Hat— one of our j r , no  ■ , . , /^^^^l.
« assorted colors, trimmed leaders trimmed with wings dra ed a d tnmmed Wlth /&SsSfm
m, M 3 draped effect of net foliage and scarf effect of silk with 'lowers and wing effects, fj&s(*i^s£
Nv'"^^^ 3^ and *' owers - crush roses and foliage. assorted colors, j«V*S^al
iHl^l FOLK DOLLARS. $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00. $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00. W^^
IjgPi 7 Country orders should be sent in by return. '^^P^^!^A
.<% New Catalogue mailed free to out-of-town patrons. •£.■••■■ i>*
San Francisco Sunday evening, and will
at once proceed to open a tunnel and
sink a shaft upon the property. The
capital is supplied by San Francisco men
and the organization is called the Kimble
Mining Company. It will probably be in
corporated.—El Dorado Republican.
A report is current in Placerville that
the Gold Note and Philadelphia mines of
the Brownsville district have been sold
by R. S. Haw. who has been in San Fran
cisco this week.
Then- is considerable copper in this
county at various points, which if devel
oped to some extent would induce the in
vestment of capital by money.cd men. as
copper is something that will pay hand
somely in mining. — Yreka Journal.
During the past week a pocket of up
ward of $2000 was taken out of the Big
Four mine on the Coe ranch, Kelsey
Township, and there is more in sight.—
Placerville Nugget.
According to the Maxysville Democrat, i
a new era has been entered upon in |
Browns Valley. The discovery made in
the mining camp one day last week
promises to infuse new life into that sec
tion, for experts say that the strike down
on the 800 level of the Pennsylvania mine
gives to many men assurance of severai |
years' employment and to the capitalists '
who furnished the money for the further
ance of the project a splendid guarantee
of rich returns on their investments. The
new vein is said to be eleven feet across
and that it will average $10 a ton.
The mill and hoisting works are being
put in shape for operations as rapidly as
possible at the Lightner mine, and it is
expected to have the mine in running pr
der before the summer opens.— Mountain
Echo.
Machinery for the development of the
Keystone mine, Calaveras County, has
been bought, and will soon be installed.
There Is promise that this mine will be
come one of great value.
A Placerville correspondent of the Min
ing and Scientific Press gives the follow
ing interesting items concerning more of
those long abanHoned mines that are now j
coming to the front with riches: "The
old Columbus mine has been unwatered
and the ledge has been found. Active \
work will continue on this property, I
which has never been worked to a depth j
of any consequence and has been aban
doned eighteen years. It is a matter of
record that from surface diggings, and to
the shallow depth of sixty feet, a few
Swiss-Italians took out enough money to
buy large holdings in Marin County,
where they live to-day in luxury and ease.
f am reliably informed that Hanley &
Poor, who are working the porphyry !
eeams near Kelsey, sold $2500 worth of ;
gold here last week. This porphyry for- ;
mation is a feature of that section on !
Rock Creek and the American River. The i
old Dalmatia mine was a sample of the j
rich products of that locality. This is
another property that was not worked
to any great depth."
The "Winnemucca Silver State says the
borax production of Humboldt and
Churchill counties this season Is expected !
to be larger than ever, owing to the V& |
cent tariff. It also states that the soda
product from the Inyo County deposits I
and from Nevada are expected to be |
large.
The outlook for water for mining and !
irrigating purposes in this section is not
as bright as it might be. It Is stated
by a man who recently arrived from the
mountains that the snow is not more
than two feet deep in Bear Valley, where
usually at this season of the year it is
from twelve to fourteen feet deep. The
Mr reservoir at Silver Valley is not more
than half full, which certainly betokens
a small supply of water next summer.— i
Mountain Echo.
The work of sinking the Cross Shaft in I
Angels Camp 500 feet deeper has been !
commenced. When this work is com- j
Dieted the shaft will be 1500 feet deep.
The Cross is one of the Utica group, and
is located on Circus Hill, immediately in
the center of the town.
The south shaft at the Gwin mine has j
been cleaned out to below the 1100-foot !
level, and although it has been closed for ',
the past twenty years it is in a very good j
condition. The pay chute in the old shaft j
on the 1400-foot level is over 1000 feet in
length.— Calaveras Chronicle.
The Great Western mine, Calaveras
County, continues to turn out a good
quality of ore, and C. D. Lane, who holds
HALES.
HALES.
Dress Goods. |
French Storm Serge.
We place on sale an extra value in
heavy, all - wool, navy - blue Diagonal
French Storm Serge, purchased under the !
old tariff; 20 pieces; 49 Inches wide; spe- |
cially adapted for seaside costumes, va-
cation suits, camping; good serviceable
material.
sOc Yard.
American Wool Serge.
Fine black and colored nil-wool Serge;
American make; fine texture; such staple
colors as navy, brown, preen, olive, car-
dinal, garnet, etc.; one of last fall's snaps;
liberally bought; you shall get benefit in
a low quotation.
25c Yard.
Fancy Covert Suitings.
Introduction of new, fancy Covert Suit-
ings; 4n inches wide, strictly all wool, in
blue, green, brown, tan, mode; a material
specially in vogue for walking costumes.
75c Yard.
Material for
Separate Skirts.
First display of new fancy worsteds and
wool Suitings, including fancy Broches,
Reps, Cords, Jacquards, Checks, Mohair,
Cheviots; these goods are specially adapt-
ed for separate skirts; are 38 to 40 inches
wide; look over our counters and window
display; goods right; prices right.
sOc Yard.
a thirty-day bond on the property, will, I
no doubt, purchase the mine at the time
the bond expires. The bond calls for $30 -
000.
Work is progressing on the Smadeke
mine at Smiths Flat, Calaveras County.
The shaft is being put down as rapidly
as possible, and necessary improvements ;
about the mill and works are being made, j
A rich strike has been made on the j
desert in San Bernardino County by F.
J. l>.-lim of this city and A. H. Luscomb
of Bernardo. Mr. Dc-hin returned Friday
night from a six weeks' prospecting trip
at Twenty-nine Palms in San Bernardino
County and brought along samples of ore j
from oiu- of the mines located. The
samples yesterday assayed $1220 per ton. I
Mr. Luscomh Is working on a claim at
present, and Mr. Dehm will return in the
fall to assist in developing the property.—
San Diego Union.
A large ruhy was picked up on the des
ert near Vulture Siding a few days ago. j
This district is known as the Ruby dls- I
trict, and from time to time very good
finds have been made. The Ruby section
has been prospected very little, the pros
pectors being averse to leaving the
course of streams for any considerable
distance.— Riverside Enterprise.
Albert Smith arrived at Barstcw last
week to start the ore buyer to work in
behalf of the new 50-stamn custom mill, i
The assay office and sampling mill are !
now about completed. All the machinery j
for the mill is on the ground and the
building is almost completed, and stamps
will soon begin dropping.
It is reported that an exceptionally rich
Strike of copper has Just been made on
the property of the Inyo Mining Com
pany 144 miles north of Inyo. The strike
was made on the 700-foot level. Besides
in.- cupper, gold, silver and lead ores are
now in Ing taken from this property in
paying quantities. A smelter is now be
ing put in which will add materially to
the output, as heretofore all the ore was
shipped either to Denver or San Fran
cisco t6 be smelted. Owing to the recent
copper strike additional mechanism for
smelting that ore will be put in, and |
within three weeks the smelter will be
in operation.— Riverside Enterprise.
The annual report for the New Idria
Quicksilver Mining Company for the year
ending December, 1897, shows net pro
ceeds from sales, $125.1if7, increase in cash
supplies, $3730; total receipts. $128,928;
total expenses, $81,342; net earnings. $47,
586; dividends, $30,000; total surplus, $28,248.
There were produced during the year 15,
310 tons of ore and 3605 flasks. The new
reduction works at the mine in San Ben
ito County were in full operation only
seven months.
The old Redington quicksilver property '
will, it is said, resume work under a Lon- ;
don company, to be known as the Quick- !
silver Mines of California, Limited. It |
is said to have been purchased by G.
Darsie of Scotland and A. McMillan of
California. The capital is $750,000.
There are about ten men working at the
Mount Shasta quartz mine. Three shifts
were to have been put on Monday of this ;
week. The old shaft is being drained
and drifting is in progress to tap the j
bottom, that will probably be finished in
a few days. Good-paying ore is constant- j
ly being shipped to the Keswick smelters. I
Next year the owners contemplate plac
ing electric plants on the property and
ultimately sinking to at least 1000 feet
or more.— Redding Searchlight.
The following news notes concerning
the region about. Ballarat, Inyo County,
are condensed from the Los Angeles Min
ing Review:
"T. H. Pheby, the Panamint pioneer,
has, with his associates, paid $10,000 for
the Burro mine in Jail Canyon, three
miles from the Panamint road. He has
also purchased the Redlands Company's
mill and is moving it. — The South Park
mines, seven miles up Pleasant Canyon
from Ballarat, are working sixteen tons
of free-milling ore daily in a Bryan mill;
averages $25. In the same neighborhood,
the Radcliffe mine, with a five-foot vein
of $25 ore, is opened up with 400 feet of
tunnels and shafts, id has 800 tons of
ore on dump.— About $1000 has been taken
from the Cooper mine with a hand motor
—A fifty-stamp mill is being built at the
Anthony mine.— The Gem and McAllister
mines in Tuber Canyon show up well. —
The Buckeye Con. mines, three miles
south of Ballarat. have produced SSO free
irold per ton on trial tests— Ballarat is
about sixty miles north of Johannesburg.
There are, all told, nearly 400 people in
the camp, out of whom not less than 100
are working for wages."
We learn that arrangements are In
progress for establishing an extensive
Ribbon 4000 Yards
Event Donble=Faced
J^fcr* Satin Ribbon.
XsWji We shall place on sale
t^t^^^f^ Monday, Ba. m. sharp,
)^^r\ • ■ 4000 yards all-silk first
quality Double-Face Rib-
)/*f A k k° n> core ' anc ' p' a ' n
/W lv v^ 1 edge, bought direct from
cJ'\ jjfk V~ quality Double-Face Rib-
y bon, cord and plain
K^ edge, bought direct from
\" factory by our New York
// ff'^^' buyer — must have been
tjfii bought well or we could
f% not sell at such close
figures !
No. 5 No. 7 No. 9 No. 12 No. 16 No. 22 No. 40
BVac lOc 14c 16 2 20c 25= 30c
ALSO — 5-inch Sash Ribbon, all-silk in cord
edge only (see counter display),
50c Yard.
Infants' Long Dresses.
Just six dozen Cambric Long Dresses,
fine quality, tucked yoke with em-
broidery ruffles running round, ruffled
neck and cuffs. Regular value, 50c. Spe-
cial price —
29c.
Infants' Slips.
12 dozen only, fine Nainsook Slips, with
lace effect, lawn trimmed yoke, embroid-
ery ruffle on neck and cuffs. Regular val-
ue, 75c. Special —
48c.
Infants' Skirts.
8 dozen Infants' Fine Cambric Long
Skirts, 4 tucks, 3^-inch hem on bottom.
Regular value, 50c; Special—
25c.
dredging plant in Yrek. Creek, at the
northern edge of Yreka -wnsite. The
McNulty ranch has beer bonded for
$42,000, also the Foster, Pi. -y and Mra
Miller's places below McNuity's. Nego
tiations are under way for securing the
old Blake place, now belonging to George
D. Butler, and the Burgess field inside the
Yreka limits at the corner of Main and
Lennox streets. The purchasers only de
sire the land for mining- in the creek, and
believe that good returns can be realized
from the enterprise. Work is to be com
menced shortly at the Perry place. Mr.
Gardner from Boston is the projector of
the undertaking, and is assisted by Mr.
Wallace of this place in completing 1 ar
rangements.—Yreka Journal.
Louis Koeber has sold the famous Rain
bow mine and also his quartz prospect to
A. Major. R. Sheppard and R. B. dough,
three Englishmen. The Rainbow mine
is the best developed ancient channel
drift, lava-capped mine on the Upper
Sacramento, having bc.u worked by
Louis Koeber for eleven years, and dur
ing thcit time he has run a tunnel Sim") feet
in. with numerous drifts into the gravel.
The mouth of the tunnel is hidden by a
lovely natural waterfall, fallinr into a
reservoir below, giving plenty of water
for sluicing purposes.— Redding Search
light.
EXCITEMENT IN
THE WHEAT PIT
Sharp European Market Causes
a Material Advance in
Prices.
Outsiders Said to Hsve Profited a
the Expense of the
Talent.
The condition of the wheat mar
ket Is nervous and excited, wheat sell
ing at the highest price obtained in many
years, in fact yesterday's prices have not
been exceeded since the well-remembered
Dresbach deal. May wheat sold yester
day at $173; December, $169. Less than
forty days ago May wheat was selling
at $1 35 and December at $1 29.
There was a very large trade dur
ing the sessions of the Produce Exr
change, and a strong feeling existed on
the curb after the closing of the regular
sessions. Shippers have been heavy pur
chasers of spot wheat for several days
just past.
The cause of the advance comes from
a very sharp European market. Liver
pool futures advanced 2d to 3^d, and
cargoes were quoted one shilling higher,
while present cargoes are in many cases
bringing wild prices. The advance in 'he
local market was caused both by tne
strong European market and the con
tinued dry weather which has prevailed
in this State. Another reason given for
the increase In prices is the sharp bidding
by millers for milling wheat, as much as
$1 80 being paid for only fair milling.
The Port Costa mills are bringing
wheat from Oregon to meet their wants.
Both Oregon and Washington wheat is
at present in good demand for millers'
use.
As the dry weather In California has
practically destroyed the wheat and bar-
Fey crops, buyers are invading the terri
tory of the northern wheat-producing
districts. For barley, however, there are
many substitutes, such as corn, oats and
other coarse grains. Already thousands of
tons of corn are said to be in transit to
California from points east of the
Rockies, and local dealers say that there
is a possibility of the market being over
burdened with grains for the substitution
of barley, whereas wheat consumers must
await the harvest of "Washington and
Oregon.
The advance in the price of cereals has
been attended with but little excitement;
it however caused three brokers to go to
the wall, otherwise the trade has lived
through it without disaster. Probably
the biggest winner is Harry E. Wise, who
It is said is $100,000 ahead. Wolf Cerkel
is also reported to be considerably ahead
I HALES.
STORE NEWS.
New Ladies' Parlor now open. Th«
new Bazaar in rapid course of comple-
tion. All parcels can be checked.
Our aim is to make Hale's the most
comfortable shopping . place in San
Francisco.
GLOVES.
/«%•> '■„.. New arrival — Cel-
«-^2#J?L ebrated Jouvin
I I All/ * fc/ ift/^-r*' 2-clasp Chamois
I >vjj * iK. /\ vT / Gloves, in. natural
V and white (a cake
T*'**JiCT-^/~?sJ's(£)\ of Manton's Cham-
/ y((j ¥ ois Soap free with
I /'I /TV; % every pair).
I*** * 85c and $1 Pair.
2-clasp Pique Walking Glove; four-row
embroidered back; all colors, including
white and black; regular $1 25. Hal««
price,
$1.00 Pair.
HOSIERY.
Children's Hose.
300 dozen Children's Black Cotton Hose,
fast color, narrow ribbed, double kneed,
sizes 5 to 9^, at a price to make mothers
happy.
Q l /ic F»alr.
(See window display.)
Boys' Hose.
Black Cotton Hose, extra heavy qual-
ity, narrow ribbed, high spliced heels,
double knee and toe; sizes 6 to 10.
Special 15c F»alr.
Misses' Hose.
75 dozen Misses' Black Lisle Hose,
extra fine quality, narrow ribbed, doubla
at knee, heel and toe; will wash black
and wear well; sizes 6 to 94.
2Sc Pair.
Ladies' Special Hose.
100 dozen Ladies' Black Lisle Hose, flna
quality, Richelieu ribbed, . spliced heels
and toes; regular 35c; Monday,
25c F»alr.
70 dozen Fancy, French Lisle Hose,
black boots and fancy striped tops. Rich*
elieu ribbed, spliced heels and toes.
33^c F»alr.
Extra fancy French Lisle Hose, Rich-
elieu ribbed, fancy striped in all the new
demands of fashion, spliced heels and
toes. r ; : '
SOo F»alr.
bazaar~7tems.
These Prices Tell 1
2-quart Enameled Steel Coffee-pot 25c
2-quart Enameled Steel Teapot 25c
6-quart Enameled Steel Lipped Sauce-
pan 25c
10-quart Enameled Steel Mixing-pan... 39c
8-quart Galvanized Iron Water Pail. ..loc
Japanned Coal Scuttle and Shovel 15c
Deep Tin Breadpan, ]oxr>v» 5c
Half-sheet Grater 5c
Dover Egg Beater 7c
Oil Stove, 2 4-inch burners, Russian
iron drum, 10 inches high, Japanned
base 65c
Brass Bird Cage, 11x9, cups and
perches complete 500
Painted Bird Cage, 10x8, cups and
perches complete 40c
Klondike Toilet Paper, IMO sheets in
package, 2^2 Inches thick 5c
Sheetiron Roasting-pan. 9x12 10c
Rolling-pin, hard wood, revolving
handle 5c
Cutting Table, made of hard wood,
36 inches long, folding legs 90c
Muffin-pan, 6- hole 5c
Coffee Mill, Arcade 400
cpcriiT For sale of Embroideries
Ol lvial,. see our ad in "Examiner."
on the deal. Outsiders are said to have
made the greatest amount during the ex
cite.ment, and the talent, while not losing
much, have not increased their bank ac
counts. As one prominent broker said:
"It has been a bad year for shorts, and
the present indications point to a higher
range of wheat prices, while barley will
have a hard struggle to maintain it 3
present value.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
° "THE CREDIT HOUSE." ©
© Six Stories High. O
© j O
o „ o
o o
o o
© There's no home but o
% needs a Chiffonier— af- %
o fords drawer room a- o
° plenty; 3 large drawers, °
% 2 small, and a bonnet- o
o box $4.50 o
o — o
; © A Metal Bed gives health and looks- ©
; O to a bedroom ; white enamel, brass O
I O trimmings . . . ... $3.00 O
° Polished Solid Oak Library Table, °
: © with shelf and drawer . . $3.00 °
fy Bedroom crowded — no room? Tri- q
o umph Folding Beds save space. $7.25 q
© O
o Carpet Department. o
J? Some people prefer Moquettes, I?
jf others Axminsters ; still others Velvets. ©
© We can please every one. ©
*f Linoleum — small lengths left;
.j* worth from 50c to $1.10 a yard ; for ©
© bathroom hall or pantry ; to close out ©
° at 20c a yard ©
o — o
■ O Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley folks O
q buy here— get free delivery, too. ft
o M. FRIEDMAN & CO. %
% 233-235-237 Post Street. ©
q Near Stockton. Open Evenings. q
O O OQ 6 OO OQOOOQ OO OOQ
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains," Bruise*
.f^t " usc es - vCrillv CrilIn «B. Burns. Sunburns, Bu£
! ache. Headache. Toothache, Kheuraatlam. Neu-
Pafna* rnif baj X; Internally for all Bowel
Morhu. .ii C 'c^ larrhoea . Dysentery. Cholera
Morbua and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All dru«-
.clBUk. cl8Uk ' : ■-■ " . ' '