VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 48.
LOS ANGELES NOW UP IN ARMS!
Its People Determined to
Break the Clutch
of the Water
Company.
Mayor Snyder and a Minority of
the Council Standing by
Their Pledge.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.— A grave
Question has arisen. Shall a water
company rule this city? The present
year will witness an eventful struggle
to determine this point. No more im
portant contest than the one to be
waged between an entrenched capital
and the taxpayers has yet l>een record
ed' in local history, and the outcome
must directly Interest every one of the
110,000 residents. Nevertheless, the peo
ple who recognize the fact that their
rights are in danger, that a corpora
fattened on their generosity, is
loth to relinquish its grip, are obliged
to turn to San Francisco to find a daily
paper bold enough to champion their
cause.
Almost as a unit the people of Los
Angeles, taxpayers and voters, favor
public ownership of a water-distribut
ing plant. This statement Is not ad
vanced as an estimate. It is simply
declan <1 as truth, for the people have
directly indicated their wishes at the
ballot-box.
It will be thirty years on the 22d of
next July since the city of Los Angeles
entered into a contract with private
parties to take from the management
of the little adobe town of 1868 the
■water works plant, then owned by the
municipality, and to conduct and oper
ate it for thirty years.
To these private parties— now known
as the Los Angeles City Water Com
pany — the City Council of the later six
ties gave the use of the water of the
Los Angeles River for the period
above stated, the same to be distri
buted for public purposes.
According to the terms of the lease,
it was provided that at the expiration
of the contract the plant of the water
company should once more become the
property of the city, the company to
be paid at a fair and equitable figure
for all improvements made thereto.
When this contract was entered into
and this lease made, the city of Los
Angeles had a scattered popula
tion of a few thousands. No one for
one moment thought that at the ex
piration of the lease there would be
here the second city In size and com
mercial importance west of the Rocky
Mountains. But such is the case, and,
as the city has grown, bo. has the re
muneration of the original holders of
that valuable lease, their heirs and
assigns.
Under this private direction and con
trol the city and its people have for
thirty years been put to a very heavy
tax for water Bupply. The water com
pany has had a monopoly and has been
enabled to place a burden upon the peo
ple which they have been forced to
bear, complaints being futile. Accord
ing to the rates now in force, and they
have been reduced year by year for
Borne rlx or seven years, there is an an
nual profit of $400,000 accruing to the
stockholders of the water company.
The citizens have long realized this
but In a good-natured way they have
borne their burden almost without
murmur. They had to. But they had
ail the time one bright ray of hope In
the future. In 1898 the lease, franchise
all rights of the water company
were lapsed by the contract and the
property reverted to the city. Then a
greater era would dawn. People could
have all the water they desired for
household and other purposes and It
would be furnished to them by the city
direct, at the simple cost of distribu
tion, which would be exceedingly light.
All agreed that when this time arrived
their troubles as to water would be
over.
The water contract that was made In
lobe days of Los Angeles has be
come an historical document, and it is
Inly a most extraordinary paper.
It is given in full, as follows:
000000000000
o o
O The Binding Document ©
O On Which o
° Much Depends. °
O O
oo 0000000000
atlon Known
as the Mayor and Common Council of
the city of Los Angeles, and their
luccessors in office, for and on behalf
of said city of Los- Angeles, party of
the first part, and John S. Grlffln,
Prudent Beaudry and Solomon La
zard. residents of the city and county
of Los Angeles, State of California,
party of the second part, witnesseth:
That for and In consideration of the
yearly payment of $1500 per annum In
gold coin, such payments to be made
on the first day of January of each
year, after the signing and/approval
of this ordinance and contract, until
the conclusion of the term of this
contract and the further considera
tion that the said parties of the sec
ond part will surrender to the said
parties of the first part and cancel
all claixn3 that they now hold against
said city for repairs of said ] wate*
works, and for damages amounting to
the sum of $8000. a little more or less;
.and for the further consideration of
the said parties of the second part,
shall make the following improve
ments about, in and upon the said
water works at their own proper costs
and expenses, to wit: Lay down In
streets of said city twelve miles of
iron pipes of sufficient capacity to
supply the inhabitants of said city
with water for domestic purposes,
and shall erect or cause to be erected
one hydrant, to be used as a protec
lion against fire, at the corner of each
cross street of said city, where water
pipes are now, or may hereafter be
laid, by virtue of this contract, and
shall, within one year from the ap
proval of this contract an^ ordinance,
erect or causa to be erected an omit,
mental fountain on the pli.ii:. of this
city, of such design as the Mayor or
Common Council shall direct, at a
cost not to exceed. 51000; and shall,
within two years from the approval
of this contract and ordinance, con
struct, at their own expense, such
ditches, flumes or erect such machin
ery In connection with said water
works as will secure to the inhabi
tants of «-aid city a constant supply
cf v/jitei for domestic purpose*, and
shall construct reservoirs of sufficient
ci.p.u'iv for that purpose.
The said party of the first part, for
the above considerations, and $1 in
hand paid, the receipt whereof is hereby
acknowledged, hereby covenants and
agrees with the said party of the sec
ond part, their heirs, executors, ad
ministrators and assigns, to deliver
and concede to the said parties of the
second part, their heirs, executors, ad
ministrators or assigns, the exclusive
use, control, possession and manage
ment of the Los Angeles city water
works, so-called, together with all and
singular, the pipes, flumes, wheels and
other personal property composing and
appertaining to said water works in
any manner whatsoever, with all
rights, easements and privileges, and
covenants as described and contained
in a certain instrument of lease, exe
cuted, by the Mayor and Common
Council of the city of Los Angeles, of
date October IS, A. D. one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-five, to Jean
1.. Sansovaine. for the period of thirty
years from the beginning and approval
of this contract and ordinance, with
the right to sell and distribute water
for domestic purposes, and to receive
the rents and profits thereof, for their
own use and benefit, except as here
inbefore provided, hereby giving and
granting the said parties of the sec
ond part, their heirs, executors, ad
ministrators or assigns, the right to
lay pipes In any and all the streets
of said city, and make all necessary
excavations for that purpose, and the
right-of-way through, upon and over
land or streets belonging to the said
city of Los Angeles, with the addition
al right to take water from the Los
Angeles River at a point above or near
the present dam; provided, always,
that the said parties of the second
part, their heirs, executors, adminis
trators or assigns, shall at no time
take from said river for the use of
said water works more than ten Inches
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast at San Fran
cisco: Cloudy Monday; probably <
rain; southwesterly wind. •
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours: «
San Francisco 46 degree* •
Portland .1. 46. degrees
Los Angeles C 4 degrees
San Diego 68 degrees
FIRST AND SECOND PAGES.
LO3 Angeles Water War. BFBfi <
Sanford B. Dole Arrives. i
THIRD PAGE.
Death of Ben Butterworth. <
Forecast of Congress. <
Treatment of Swine. i
Crisis In Cuba Passed, .
Mrs. Lane Shoots Herself.
FOURTH PAGE.
New Warship for Japan.
Gold Digging Illustrated.
Blow Torture and Death.
Chile Was Called Down.
Charles P. Villlers Dead.
FIFTH PAGE.
Cruel Boy Murderer.
Marriage on the Ocean.
Dr. Jordan's Sermon.
A Belle Attempts Suicide.
Entries for Turf Events.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Keeping Faith.
The Week of Preparation.
An Immediate Remedy Wanted.
Marked Improvement In Trade.
The Golden Jubilee Edition.
. "Individual Thoughts," by a Mod
> est Critic.
» SEVENTH PAGE.
> News Along the Water Front, >
> Coursing at Ingleside. .
Trying to Move the Hospital.
. Mysterious Death of a" Woman.
> A Suspected Robber Not Identified.
> EIGHTH PAGE.
, Baseball News.
>. . A Whaling Episode.
> Funeral of Mrs. Shafter.
> ' NINTH PAGE.
> News from Across the May.
> TENTH PAGE.
>> National Guard Notes.
>> On the Shooting Ranges.
:> ELEVENTH PAGE.
■ • Births, Marriages, Deaths.
i, TWELFTH- PAGE.
.> Burglars Still at Work. Hfj]
!> * First Mass Celebrated.
5>Y . Ready for the Jubilee.
$> Dun-ant's Life Criticized.
• • Robbed by an Old Game.
:> Waging a Society War.
This agree
ment, made
and entered
into this
!oth day of
July, A. D.
tween
the corpor-
The San Francisco Call
of writer, •without the previous con
sent of the Mayor and Common Coun
cil of Faiil city; :uid that they will,
within sixty days from the d.ite here
of, select the point from which the
water will be taken from said river.
The said party of the first part hereby
covenant anil atrree with the nai<l par-
Ad part. th<-lr heirs,
executors, administrators or assigns,
that at the expiration of thirty y.-ars
from the execution of this instrument,
they will pay to the sail parties of the
second part, tht-ir heirs, executors, ad
ministrators or assigns, the value ot
the Improvements made In, about and
upon the said water works. In pursu
The Mayor of the City Advocates a Plan of
Acquiring the Plant.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Who shall supply the In
habitants of the city of Los Angeles with water, the city itself
or the City Water Company? This is -i question that has been
agitating the minds of the citizens of this city for a lons time,
and this agitation has been growing greater and greater with
the general advancement of the city. For nearly thirty years
the City Water Company under a lease, has been in absolute
control of the system for distribution of water for domestic
purposes. The members of the present municipal administra
tion were elected on platforms declaring unreservedly for. the
ownership and operation by the city of the water plant. All
the officeholders were sleeted by large majorities, the: people
believing them thoroughly in sympathy with the great cause.
Twelve months have elapsed, and but little has been accom
plished. Every effort on my part and on the part of others
to bring about a settlement of the controversy has been're
ferred to by certain members of the administration as "gallery
play." and our sincerity has been otherwise questioned by these
people. Procrastination in all matters relating to water supply
is the only "action," if such term applies, that escapes criti
| cism. There are some who seem to be doing nothing more than
to look for stumbling stones to place in the way. It appears to
me as if the water company were exerting every effort to ar
range things so that it may continue in possession of the plant
after the expiration of the lease.
In the month of July of this year the lease h.tween the city
and the City Water Company will expire, SO it will be seen that
there remains only a short time in which to act T do not want
to be understood as advoenting the position taken by some few
citizens that the water company bus absolufc ly no rights In the
controversy. I contend, to the contrary, that the water com
pany under the thirty-year lease with the city has certain
moral, if not legal, rights, which must be respected; and I also
contend that the city has certain rights which must and which
Bhail be respected by the water company.
There is only one logical solution of the problem. I stated
It In my annual message to the <'ity Council. It Is as follows:
"In the event that tho city should, jift.-r having <l<.n. ■ every
thing in Its pnw.-r, fail to bring about a settlement, there Is but
one course to pursue that cannot be evaded ly the water com
pany. At the expiration of the thirty-year contract the city. If
Its Interests are to be protected, take possession of the entire
plant of the water company— reservoir, pipes. In short, every
thing that goes to form the system. No one should for a mo
ment question the city's right to this course. There is not •
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1898.
ance of this contract: the same to he
ascertained by arbitration, In case the
parties cannot agree upon the value
thereof, the said party of the first
part, and the parties of the second
part, their h<ir>. executors, adminis
trators or assigi •■ to choose one man
each, and th< j two men thus i
to select a third man, and the judg
ment of the three men thus selected
shall be final In the premises. And the
said party of the first part hereby
covenant and agree to make no other
lease, sale, contract, grant or fran
chise, to any person or persons, cor
poration or company, for the sale or
delivery of water to the inhabitants of
said city for domestic purposes dur
ing the continuance of this contract,
always without prejudice to any rights
already granted.
And the said parties of the second
part, their heirs, executors, adminis
trators or assigns, hereby covenant
and agree with the said party of the
first part that they will pay the sums
of money at the time and in the
manner hereinbefore mentioned and
pet forth, and cancel the claims here
re mentioned, upon the signing
and approval of this contract and
ordinance by the proper parties there
to; that they will make thf improve
ments hereinbefore mentioned and set
forth. in the following manner,
to wit: That they will replace all the
•; pipes now belonging to the
said water works within one year from
the signing anil approving of this con
tract and ordinance, and that they
will extend said Iron pipes as :
the citizens dt-siring to be supplied
M. P. SNYDER, MAYOR OF LOS ANGELES.
RINGING WORDS.
with water for domestic purposes ■will
agree to take sufficient water to pay
10 per cent per annum Interest upon
the cost of extending such pipes
through the streets now unsupplied
with water. That they will within
one year from the date hereof place a
hydrant to be used as a protection
against fire at the corner of one
street at each of the cross streets
where the pipes are now laid down,
and will erect hydrants at other
street corners according to the terms
of this contract as fast as the pipes
are extended through the streets of
said city. Thar they will erect or
cause to be erected an ornamental
fountain upon the public plaza, of
such <!» signs as the Mayor and Com
mon Council shall direct, within one
year from the date hereof; that they
will furnish water for the public
schools and city hospitals. Jails, free
of charge, when the same are near
the pipes, the city furnishing the ne
cessary conduits for that purpose;
that they will make all the improve
ments herein mentioned and set forth,
and keep the same in repair at their
own cost and expense for the said
period of thirty years, and return the
said water works to the said party of
the first part at the expiration of the
said period of thirty years in good
order and condition, reasonable wear
and damage of the elements excepted,
upon the payment to them of the
value of the improvements made after
the approval of this contract, to be
ascertained as hereinbefore provided,
Continued on Second Page.
word in the contract which says that the plant is not to come
Into the possession of the city at the expiration of the thirty
ycr contract; but the contract fioes Bay that the water com
pany will mnko all Improvements as mentioned and set forth
nil keep the same in repair at its own cost and
expense for the period of thirty years, and return the said
water works to the Bald party <>f the first part at the expiration
of the said pert* d of thirty years in good order and condition,
reasonable Wear and damage by the elements excepted. The
city of Los Angeles not being Insolvent, the water company
could in duo timo recover all it is entitled tv for improvements
under th<- contract. I consider Uie Water company acting sim
ply in the capai Ity of trustee, and that acting as such the com
pany lias absolutely nothing to Bay about operating the plant
after the expiration of the contract. By terms of the contract
the plant reverts to the dtjr. All the water company his is
a claim on the city for the real value of the improvements
wit during the 1 i r.» of the contract. There Is
no doubt that nearly thirty years ago when the Mayor and
Common Council of the city of Los Angeles entered into con-
With the water company, it was never intended (and if it
had been Intended it would have been expressly provided in the
tract) that the water company should at the expiration of
the contract hare any rights in the premises except to the
real raloe of the Improvements.
The press dispatches made it appear that in my annual
ffe I advocated confiscation and other anarchistic meas
ures. T have not tsid a word about confiscation. Why should
I? The water plant is the property of the city of LOS Anp.-1.-s.
and under the contract all that the city has to no is to pay
for the Improvements. I believe that the City Water Company,
after having made millions of dollars out of a privilege granted
by the city and for which it paid nothing, should be philan
thropic enough to assist rather than obstruct the efforts at an
early settlement.
It is a plain case. Kither th<* city or the water company is
to rule. If the city doesn't demand Its rights, the rock of ages
will crumble away before we are any nearer municipal owner
ship of water works than we aro t<>
In conch rmit me to say that I am standing
firmly on the platform upon which I was elected. I am exert
ing every effort to bring about a fair, just settlement of the
question at issue, and I shall continue to do so while in tsa
office I now occupy. Very sincerely yours.
M. P. SNYDER.
Stayor of Los Angeles.
PRESIDENT SANFORD B. DOLE.
TO FURTHER
THE CAUSE OF
ANNEXATION
flrrival of President Sanford B.
Dole of the Hawaiian Govern
ment as an Err)bassador
to Washingtor).
After a stormy passage from the Is
lands, and nearly four days overdue,
the Peru slipped in through the fog
last night, and just before 9 o'clock
dropped anchor off Melggs wharf.
There had been some anxiety as to
her welfare, but she arrived with all
well, and bearing the President of the
island republic, Sanford B. Dole.
President Dole Is in a hurry. He
will stay no l«inger in San Francisco
than possible, and then he will speed
on to Washington— for Washington is
his goal and Congress is his object, and
his mission the cause of annexation.
Doles arrival just now is particular
ly significant, for the question of an
nexing the Hawaiian Islands is now be
fore the Senate, and the presence of an
embassador no meaner than the head of
the Provisional Government itself
shows how deeply * concerned the an
nexationists are in regard to the fate
of their favorite project.
President Dole will appear before the
committee on foreign relations in the
furtherance of his mission, and his
hopes reach to a hearing before the
bar of the Senate itself, should such a
course be allowed. At any rate, he
comes armed with all the weapons of a
diplomat, and the fight against the au
tonomy of the island government will
be a bitter one.
President Dole is accompanied by his
wife and daughter, both of whom will
continue on East with him.
Dr. Rosenau, the Federal quarantine
officer, whose Jurisdiction in the matter
of inspecting foreign vessels has been
decided by the courts, followed his
usual custom in the case of the Peru.
He made no effort to allow the passen
gers to land, having had no Instruc
tions from Washington to waive the
usual custom.
Drs. Chalmers and Hill, however.
State officers, accepted an invitation to
become reporters for the yellow journal
on Mission street, though they failed In
tatlve that they had made their late
trip through the rain for the benefit of
the press. A singular fatality over
took them, for but one paper received
any intimation that the doctors were
losing their time for the benefit of news
in general.
The ship's officers said that they did
not know that the doctors were act
ing as reporters.
It was learned from both doctors and
from Mr. George Hooper, who accom
panied the yellow paper's tug, that not
anyone of the party was allowed to see
President Dole and that the reporter
was not allowed to leave his tug. Drs.
Hill and Chalmers were very eager to
have the papers denounce Dr. Rose
nau for not allowing the President to
land, though he seems to have stuck
closely to his line of duty, refusing to
lend himself to yellow methods.
The extent of the anxiety felt for
the Peru can be best Judged by the
comparative silence of the Merchants'
Exchange telephone. It has kept up a
constant jingle since the ship was due,
the racket increasing in proportion as
the hours flew by and the ship was
still unsighted. It took the full time of
one man just to answer queries about
the vessel.
President Dole was not the only one
for whom a welcome was prepared.
United States Marshal Baldwin, Uni
PHICE FIVE CENTS.
ted States District Attorney Foote,
Secretary Macao of the Japanese con
sulate and United States Deputy Mar
shal Mi -nekton waited at the wharf for
the arrival of the steamer with war
rants for the arrest of possibly two of
her passengers. One was for a Japan
ese named Kamejtro, who was wanted
at Yokohama for forgery, and the
other was 1 >r. Herbert, alias Onpen,
who, was thought, might come on the
vessel from Honolulu. Herbert was
accused of causing the death of a wo
man in Auckland from malpractice,
and he lied on the steamer Alameda to
Honolulu, and it was supposed he
would come on to this port on the
Peru.
Colonel Hay Goes to Egypt.
LONDON. Jan. H;.— The United States
Embassador to Great Britain, Colonel
John Hay and family, will sail from
Genoa on the North German I^loyd
steamship Prina Regent Luitpold on
January I'O fur Egypt on a tour up the
Nile.
A Great Fire at Trikhala.
ATHENS, Jan. X.— A great fire at Trlk
bala has done damage to the amount of
£50,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
Many, a buisness man -jSrl^
who is envied by his as- Zi\*-^yfc \ v 1
sociates and acquaint- S^SSHj^
ances as a "lucky fel- i2%s^Tj|4r
low" stands but a step **^gf
from the grave. He has • we.
purchased success at the
cost of health. For every ■
step forward in wealth he has taken two
backward in health. Now that he has al-
most achieved his ambition as a money-get«
ter, he is standing on the verge of his grave.
Just one more big business strain— just one
more step backward in health — and he will
step into his grave. No man has the right
to gain money at the expense of health. H*
owes something to wife and children — some-
thing to himself. He may have health easily.
Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery
makes men and women strong and well. It
wards off disease. It makes pure blood,
solid -flesh, and strong nerves. When the
arteries are filled with rich, pure blood, a
man doesn't easily break down or get sick.
He can stand almost any amount of work or
strain. The "Golden Medical Discovery"
corrects the embracing disorders that
cause all manner of disease. It corrects dis-
orders of the digestion, irregularities of the
bowels, and impure blood. Druggists sell it.
■ " I was afflicted with pimples and toils, and
running sores face and neck," writes Robert S.
\Y--r:. of No. 615 Galloway Aye., Columbus, Ohio.
"Nothing did me any good. I took Dr. Pierce'a
Golden Medical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets;'
before I had taken four bottles I was cured."
Every family should have Dr. Pierce'a
Common Sense Medical Adviser. The
book was cheap at $I.so its regular price.
Now, for a limited time, it may be had
for nothing. 21 one-cent stamps, to pay
the cost of mailing only, will procure you
the book in strong paper covers, post-paid.
Or you can have the book in elegant
cloth binding,' for 10 cents extra; 31 cents in.
all. - World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion.. Buffalo, N. V.2
SHE BROUGHT PRESIDENT DOLE.
The Peru Slipped In Through the Fog Last Night and Dropped Anchor Off Meiggs Wharf
About Nine O'clock.
LOS ANGELES
NOW UP IN ARMS
Continued from First Page.
and Rive a bond in the sum of $20,000.
conditional for the compliance by
them of the conditions of this con
tract, to be approved by the Mayor of
said city, and will pay all State and
county taxi 9 assessed upon said
water works during the said period of
thirty years. Always provided that
the Mayor and Common Council of
said city shall have and do reserve
the right to regulate the water rates
charged by said parties of the second
part or their assigns, provided that
they shall not so reduce such water
rates or so fix the price thereof to be
less than those now charged by the
parties of the second part for water;
provided that a certain contract or
lease heretofore executed by the
Mayor and Common Council of said
city to Jean L. Sansevaine of said
water works, of date of October 16,
A. D. ISCS, to be surrendered up and
cancelled at or before the signing of'
this contract, provided, always, that
the rights and privileges by these
presents conceded to these parties of
the second part do not embrace to
any extent, or have any reference to, ■
the water works of said city used for
the distribution of water for the pur
- pose of irrigation. or affect in
any manner any rights of irrigation,
either existing at present or which
may hereafter exist, except as to the
ten inches of water as hereinbefore
provided. And it is expressly stipu
lated and covenanted that the said
parties of the second part shall not
dispose of any water for the purpose
of irrigation, but shall only take from
the said river the water necessary for
domestic purposes, as above specified.
In testimony whereof the said par
ties have hereunto set their hands
and seals the day and year first above
written.
[Seal] JOHN" KING, President.
Approved this 22d day of July. ISGS.
[Seal] G. AGUILAR, Mayor.
JOHN S. GRIFFIX,
P. BEAUDRT,
S. LAZARD.
This contract United States District
Judge Olin Wei bom has decided is
le~al and binding as to both parties.
THE POPULAR IDEA.
It Was That by the Middle of
July of This Year All Was
to Be Settled.
It will be noted that the agreement
which is so fully set forth provided
and evidently contemplated municipal
ownership of the water plant of the
city at its expiration.
Anyway, the people have for the last
ten years always so regarded it.
When the municipal campaign of 1896
opened the voters of the city realized !
that the public servants chosen at the
December election of that year and j
taking office on the first Monday in '
January of 1897 would be called upon
to adjudicate the question of municipal
ownership of the plant. The Council
men chosen would go to make up the
legislative body of the city. The
Mayor, the head of the corporation,
would have the power to veto all acts
of the Council. The City Attorney
would >>c the legal adviser of the Coun
cil and Mayor, while the City Engineer
would be the expert relied upon for
knowledge and information concerning
the water company's plant.
All political parties declared in favor
of. municipal ownership, and the indi
vidual candidates vied with each other
ing who could carry out the idea
that ho was and always had been in
favor of the city furnjpninpr its inhabi
tants at the cost of distribution the
water which it was admitted the muni
cipality owned.
The water company also had inter
ests at stake in the campaign and the
corporation through its agents en
deavored to play some very clever
(schemes whereby the people would be
deluded. It succeedf-d. Perhaps not
before the election, but it certainly did
afterward.
The corporation realized that its
very life was involved in the result of
lection; and, as 'well, a matter of
anywhere from a million and a half to
two millions of dollars. The work it
did was under cover and was under
stood only by those who were close to
its directing Bpirita.
Herculean efforts wore put forth by
the water company to defeat M. P.
Snyder for Mayor. It was fruitless.
He was elected by 1600 majority.
In the matter of City Attorney and
City Engineer the candidates who were
endeavoring to beat each other were
none of them objectionable to the
water company save J. R. Rush, who
; ran for City Attorney. He was de
feated.
But it was in the Council that the
j water company got in its finest work.
Four Republicans and four Democrats
j were elected. The L .gue for Better
; City Government elected one Council
i man, and he had the deciding vote in
! the Council. This was Herman Silver,
i the member from the Fourth Ward.
There was considerable speculation
about the organization of the Council.
Mr. Silver settled it by combining wi '\
the Republicans, ar " he was chosen
president of the Council. It was by
this clever move that the Republicans
were ostensibly enabled to organize the
Council, but really Mr. Silver and the
League for Better City Government
are responsible for the present admin
istration of the affairs of the city. The
Mayor is like the fifth whe 1 to a cart
so far as concerns his legal power to
do or undo what the Council docs.
When President Silver appointed the
important Committee on Water Supply
he named F. M. Xickell. a Demo< pal
as chairman. This -was regard*
extraordinary — that rader the circum
stances a Democrat should be n "ned
for that committee, which would have
all to do with the settlement of the
water question.
The friends of municipal ownership
then and there began to realize that
once more the people had been deceived
and that the prospects for an equitable
settlement of the problem were becom
ing dim.
Time passed on, and, under extraor
dinary pressure from the people, the
Council took one limping step after
another, but no move seemed to bring
any nearer the great desideratum of
municipal ownership.
In the meantime, for reasons which
must have been substantial, but which
are not known to the average citizen,
three of the daily papers of the city —
the Times, Herald and Express — be
came silent on the water question. If
they had anything to say it was in
condemnation and denunciation of
those public servants who were en
deavoring to carry out their ante-elec
tion pledges, solemnly made to the
people. Shafts of ridicule were hurled
at the Mayor and at the two Council
men who were endeavoring to do what
they considered to be their duty to
their constituents.
It soon became apparent that the
three daily newspapers named were
syndicated for the purpose of delaying
if not to entirely defeat municipal
ownership.
All efforts to get the water committee
of the Council to do anything effective
were fruitless. It held infrequent meet
ings at unknown times, but what it
has ever done to hasten municipal
ownership no man knoweth.
FIGURES OBTAINED.
The City Engineer Directed to
Figure on the Cost of a
New Plant.
The City Engineer was finally direct- j
ed to make an estimate as to -what an |
entirely new distributing plant would j
cost. He made it, and figured that for i
a city of 350,000, which was the basis :
he was instructed to figure on, it would j
cost $3,500,000.
Then the City Engineer was a?ked to j
take the water company's inventory of j
its property and figure what it was
worth to the city.
For this work Ernest Abs Hagen, a j
competent engineer of unquestioned
reputation and ability was chosen. He
made an exhaustive examination as per
the water company's own return of its
property. The result of his examina
tion he himself speaks of elsewhere.
That result was that the water com
pany's plant at a liberal valuation was
worth to the city $1,192,000.
The water company's price was and
is how understood to be $3,000,000, al
though it has never yet given a posi
tive price to the City Council.
For once the corporation had been
outgeneraled. Engineer Abs Hagen's
i report was submitted to the Council by
the City Engineer, and it raised con
sternation in the ranks of the water
company, their allies, official and unof-
I ficial, and their newspaper organs.
Abs Hagen was bitterly condemned
j and denounced, and he has -ever since
i been excluded from city employment.
; He made an honest report and lost all
prospect of present employment by the
city. His report did not suit those who
are running things.
But the figures and facts set forth in
his report never were assailed. They
are absolutely unassailable.
This report of Abs Hagen's, mnde as
the City Engineer, was a bombshell in
the City Council. The members there
who seem to have forgotten ajojut what
THE SAX FEAXCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, JAITUABY 17, 1808.
| they Lad promised the peopit; prior tc
th>-ir election did not know what to do.
Finally it was decided to offer the
! water company $1,192,000 for its plant.
As a matter of form this was done, and
the result was that the offer was
promptly refused.
The next step under the contract was
; arbitration. But the water company
declined to arbitrate, claiming that
I under their contract they were not
compelled to arbitrate until after July
2*.\ I£SB, when their contract expired.
Then delays and delays and delays.
The Council acted as though it was
fearful lest it might do something that
would clear up the matter and push it
along closer to consummation. If sev
en members had any such fear or ap
prehension it was ground
Then a petition, signed by NOO vot
ers, was filed, asking the Council to at
once call an election to vote bonds to
construct an entirely new water dis
tributing plant.
The petition is now in the hands of
the. Council, and there It will remain.
The citizen who honestly desires mu
nicipal ownership does not think the '
outlook auspicious to secure it imme
diately. The proposition is being stop
pf d in the house of its supposed friends
—that is to say, by city officials, who
claim to favor it and by newspapers
which for various considerations are
the allies of the water company.
Messrs. Silver, Mathuss, Baker, Toll,
Ashman, Nickel! and Blanchard will
' tell you that they are for municipal
ownership, but they are not willing to
take one single solitary step or to sup
port a motion or measure that will
\ open the way to bring it about.
The newspapers all deny that they
j are controlled by the water company,
! either directly or indirectly, yet they
furnish almost daily evidence of it by
their editorial policy.
A man, either In public or private
life, who manifests any activity in the
way of municipal ownership promptly
has his wings clipped by the press In
j so far as it is possible for the syndi-
I cated dailies to effect this.
In the Council . Messrs. Grider and
Hutchison are the only two- members
who have placed themselves squarely
on record on the water question. They
i are distinctively anti-water company
1 men. They are both honorable, and
are above purchase. They may be
I radical in their views, but the opinion
of citizens generally is that they are
trying to carry out their ante-election
promises, and to secure for the people
of this city water at the lowest possi
ble rate it can be given to consumers
i direct by the municipality itself.
The Mayor of the city, M. P. Snyder.
whatever else may be charged against
him by his political enemies, has never
been accused of being an ally of the
water company. He is doing the best
he can in his- official position to effect
| the change provided for in the contract
' In a signed article for The Call the
i ; head of the municipality touches upon
i j the water question in no uncertain
, i way.
VIEWS OF COUNCIL
MAN E. L. HUTCHISON.
Prior to his election to the City
Council Edward L. Hutchison was an
instructor in the public schools of the
city. He was elected from the Eighth,
the one ward in the city where the
people of ordinary means make four
fifths of the population. He is a very
piain, blunt-spoken sort of citizen,
young, active and courageous. He
tells what he thinks about the situa
tion.
To the Editor of the ('all-
Sir: In the I,os Angela* municipal
campaign of a y.ar hk" '!.•• platforms
of all political parties f.-.iri
and bellowed for thf municipal o-wnor
ship of a water plant and tor the con
struction of an entirely now v.
plant at the earliest posible date.
The Democratic and Populist plat
forms, upon which I v i to
the City Council, together with t
other?, declared "Unqualifiedly .-it.-I
unreservedly in favor of an entirely
new plant to be owned and operated
by the people for the people, the rates
to be charp^l to !>•■ Dpon a basis of
actual cost of distribution."
The snmo platforms also declared in
favor of "A supply of pure water from
mountain sources in place Of the un
desirable "substance 1 furnished us by
the Los Angeles city Water
Company"; and they were ho
clear and clamorous in favoring the
construction of the proru>sf<l water
plant with "sufficient pressure for fire
purposes, thus savins the city a I
portion of the annual expense of $M.
000 for an expensive fire department .
besides thousands upon thousands of
dollars every year in fire insurance."
The final clause in the said plank was
a." follows:
We Uem&nd that the neccstaiy proceed-
ings tending to the acquisition of such a
system be Instituted immediately, and we
pledge each and all of our candidates that.
If elected, they will take Immediate steps
upon taking office In the honest and earnest
Investigation of Bald matter, with a view
to the acquisition and construction of said
water mil electric light Rj'stem. and that
all proceedings be pressed with all possible
dispatch, to the end that fnid system. If
found feasible and reasonable, shall be
constructed and in operation before the
expiration of the present privileges of the
city water company.
And, In general, the Republican plat
form was like unto these; and every
city official ele • 5 last year was "ab
solutely and unqualifiedly pledged" to
do something at once, which has not
been done to this day. But five short
months of the lease of the City Water
Company yet remain.
The present city government has
frittered away more than a year in a
vain and foolish attempt to acquire
not an entirely new and • adequate
water plant of scientific construction
of sufficient capacity to supply a great
city, and with force enough to serve as
an agent for the extinguishment of
conflagrations, besides furnishing pow
er for a great electric lighting'sys
tem—but a scurvy, Little antiquated
system of rusty water "mains" of the
enormous diameter of two inches.
Some thirty years ago the Council
of the village of Los Angeles entered
into an alleged agreement with certain
individuals by which the latter were
to have the privilege of using the
water of the Los Angeles River, which
is owned by the city; and at the end
of thirty years the city was to buy
the plant of the said individuals at
whatever it was worth. .
At present the plant of the City
Water Company consists of a batch
of ancient machinery, some antiquat
ed neadworks for extracting water
and diluted mud from the bogs up
the river, a few ponds called "reser
voirs" and about 300 miles of rusty
"mains." of which latter commodity
the average size is about three inches,
ISO miles thereof being of no more
than two-inch pipe.
Only 9 per cent of the ponderous
"water mains" of this city are more
than four inches in diameter, and
many miles thereof are of that per
ishable material commonly called
sheet iron.
For all this rust firu' scrap iron, and
for ail these bop sinks, the City Wa
ter Company asks the Town Council
to pay the modest sum of $3,000,n00.
City Engineer Djpckweiler prepared
plans and estimates for an elaborate
water By stem, in accordance with the
political platforms of the late munici
pal campaign, the smallest main in
any side street to be Inches in
diameter, <t of nine times the ca
pacity of • ge main of the
• system, and the entire cost
I for a city
100 inhabitants was found to be
but little more than |
If this city can construct a prrcat
■ in for 13,000,000, with water
mains of S, 12. 18, 3<> and 40 inches in
diameter, it would he a crime to pay
any such sum for the rusty pipes that
ivw ('.rip a little water here and there
over the city, and which aggravate
the entire Fire Department
time it tries to extraci from tho said
pipes enougti water to quench the
dames in a burning shanty.
The Los Angeles Water Company is
more powerful as a political engine
after elections than as a distributor
of water to the public. Most of the
newspapers of this city appear to be
in it* employ or upon its pay roll.
The Express seems to be its steadiest
and most trusted ally. The Times
seems to grow restive occasionally—
but it usually cools down into a.
friendly apologist for the water com
pany within a lay or two after its
bluster or covert attack upon the
said company. , ■
In a labored editorial published a
few days ago, the Express said that
the water company is a large tax
payer of this city. and that for that
particular reason it was foolish to
think that the water company would
take advantage of the city, or the tax
payers thereof. Whether the editor
did not know that the water company
might want to get back its tax money
together with the tax money paid by
20,000 or 100,000 others is not known to
everybody.
Nobody but the water company can
ever know how many people there are
here, or how few, who are under the
thumb of the said company for pe
cuniary reasons; but it is certain that
there are many officials* of the city
and ma private citizens wri*o see
through the water company's spec
tacles because of pressure brought
about by pure business relationship
and constant insidious maneuvering on
the part of the astute management
of the water company.
I could name half a dozen city offi
cials whose worst enemies never ac
cused them of downright bribery for
coin, and whose official conduct con
the water question is ab
solutely inexplicable if it be not for
the Insidious Influence of business re
liiti'T.
Mayor Snvder has fought well for
s of the people. In the
City Council, Mr. Orider and myself
fought ona and hard to have plans
timates tor s. new water system
prepared by City Engineer Dockwei'er,
or under his supervision. It took a
Qgbi equally lonir and bard to get an
: y of the slant of th>-
Water Company.
That inventory, made by Ernest
A.bs Hagen, C. EL, unde/ the super
vision of Engineer Dockweiler, was
most minutely exhaustive, and It re
vealed the fact that nobody could find
any value in the present water plant
beyond the sum of $1,190,000. That is
far less than the three millions asked
for the plant by the water company.
No criticism of Mr. Abs Hagen's
Bdenttfip investigations and careful es
timate of the water plant was ever
made ty anybody; yet somebody's
political and sinister Influence has pre
vented the city from employing him in
any similar work for the past six
months.
The water company manages to
■queexe out of the property-owners of
this city übout $600,000 a year. About
530U.000 of that is clear profit to theeom
pany. The service is utterly unsatis
factory and inadequate. In many sec
tions of the city the water 1 -Ipea are
almost empty f<>r several hours each
day and the pressure is but slight at
all timr-;.
Almost the entire city is eager for
a new and adequate water plant. The
city ov. is every Inch of water in tho
Los Anseles Ktver. The lease of the
City Water Company will expire next
summer. The supply of water in tha
mountains north of the city is ade
quate for the city and is available for
its use.
The present water plant is worse
than worthless as a nucleus for a
new plant or as a part of a great sys
tem. It would be of no more use as
the basis of a new system than a
Waterbury watch would be as a basis
for a fine watch. Its attempted use
would entail almost endless expense in
every part of the city.
The present policy of the majority
of the city officials seems to be to
watt and wait and wait. Kvery move
<-:uis. s w.-cks of unnecessary delay.
The city should begin the construc
tion of a new system of its own with
out delay. Its alleged contract to pur
!>■<• alleged plant of the City
\\ ;.ur Company does not prevent it
from constructing an entirely new
water plant of its own after modern
and scientific plans.
If we must purchase the present
water plant, we can utilize some parts
of it, perhaps, but we need not burden
the city with any further attempt to
ERNEST ABS HAGEN, C. E.
make water run up hill through iron
rust.
If The Call will but aid us in our
work and lead us out "t' >>ur legal
and illegal dilemmas of Lua
Anpelos will owe The Call a debt of
gratitude. Yours truly.
EDWARD L. HUTCHISON.
Councilman Eighth Ward, Los An
geles.
AS COUNCILMAN
L. M. GRIDERSEES IT.
Councilman L. M. Gnder always ha?
been one of the best known real estate
men in the city. He was elected to
the Council from one of the aristocratic
wards and has made quite a reputation
for himself. He has demonstrated
that he is beyond the reach of toe
water company. His views of the situ
ation are below.
To the Editor of The fall— Sir: It
is indeed fortunate for the city of Los
- that ;i great newspap
The Call i* willing to take up the
fipht of its people against the corpor
ate monopoly which now controls Its
water supply, and which Is seeking
through a subsidised press to perpetu
ate such control, <>r to swindle the
city by selling what it has for
000 more than it is worth.
The Los tallies with one
d — have openly
water com
pany, and the fact that The Call has
taken up tl on behalf of the
; ■ .• promise for I
tore brighter.
Every ctty official— certainly every
member of the present Council — was
pledped prior to election to tak>
imni- dlately to secure a. municipal
water system, to be owned and con
trolled by the city, nothing was said
in any of the platforms or pledges
about waiting untii m-xt July
if the water company's plant could
be purchased, and no candidate men
tioned such a thing: during the cam
paign; if one had, such one would
not now be ■ city official.
The Democratic platform especially
ignored the plant of the water ("in
pfiny and pledged its candid.
immediately construct an :r,<.
eat water system, and. if praetlcable,
to brinp the water fmrn a mountain
source and not from the Los Angeles
River, the source of our present sup
ply.
As early as January 12. 1897. I intro
duced a resolution in the Council di
rectlng th> City Engineer to prepare
plans and specifications for a water
system to be owned by the city, with
estimate of cost. This was voted
down. The Herald next day denounced
the majority for having betrayed the
people, but the Herald was not then
controlled by the water company.
It then became evident that a ma
jority of the Council were not going
to carry out their pledges, but were
going to try and find out how not
to do it. The lion in the way was
found Jn the shape of a contract he
tween the city and the water com
pany, made in 1868, binding the city
to buy the Improvements of the water
company in Jul I a price to
be agreed on or fixed by arbitration.
1 am credibly informed that this
contract was secured by corruption
and fraud, and every one T have talk
ed with who was familiar with the
matter at that early date has stated
that it was a Job. But be that as it
may. no attorney not in the employ
of the water company has ever claim
ed that their contract could be en
forced against the city. Tn this con
nection I may state that my under*
standing of the law is that a city of
ficial Is in duty bound to insist upon
every legal right and legal defense
•which the city has.
Now although every city official
knew of this contract as well when
he made his pledge for Immediate
construction of a water system as he
does now, still the majority of the
Council are making tnis contract their
excuse for not carrying out their
pledges.
Impatient with the delay about this,
thousands of residents of the city in
November last filed a petition with
the Council asking thnt an election
be Immediately called to vote bonds
to build a water system. This was
referred to the Water Supply Com
mittee, which committee held a public
meeting to consider it. Any ordinary
man hearing the discuMion which
took place at this meeting would
have suppose, l that a prominent
member of the Water Supply Com
mittee was there as the special agent
of the water company, so watchful
was ho of the interests of that cor
poration and so fearful iest the square
thing shoud not be done by that soul
less organization. Kven the special
counsel of the city did not seem to
have even bothered his brain or dis
turbed his lawbook in endeavoring to
advise the city how to avoid the
afore-mentioned contract. In fact, it
seemed that this contract mi a
savior and a deliverer to the majority
of the Water Supply Committee,
which led them out of the land of
bondage to their pledges to the peo
ple, not to mention their reaching the
water company land of milk and
honey.
The petition was reported back with
a recommendation in substance that
the water company be requested to
pleape consent to immediately sell Its
plant to the city. The water company
has not as yet hearkened to the
prayer of the Council, and some, lack-
Ing In faith, say tt never will.
What will the Council do? Well, I
am now as always in favor of build- •
Ing at once and now a new and com
plete water system, completely Ignor
ing 1 the Witter company, but I have
small hopes that this will be done. \ I ;;
believe that after all possible delay
has been obtained In other ways, the
, majority of the Council will order a
reappralsement of the water com
pany's plant, and that the matter will
be so arranged, that a much higher
appraisement than the former one of ' ,
$1,190,055 will be made; that when July
has come and they are certain who
the third referee will be, the water
company will consent to sell its plant
at a price to Joe fixed by arbitration; •
that referees will be appointed who
will report a much higher valuation
than that reported by City Engineer
Dockweiler last summer; that the
people will be asked to vote bonds to
consummate the purchase; that the
bonds will be defeated, and then the
people will have to settle the matter
at the next city election. Yours truly,
L. M. GRIDER,
Councilman of the Sixth Ward, Los
Ang'
THE EXPERT'S FIGURES
What the Value of the Water
Company's Plant Really Is.
The property for which the water
company is endeavoring to squeeze
$3,000,000 out of the people and which
bargain the syndicate press of Los An
geies has given its quasi approval to is
by one of the best known expert en
gineers in the country figured to be
worth just $1,192,000.
Mr. Abs Hagen has credentials which
establish beyond question hiS experi
ence and ability. He is being followed
and hounded to a more or less extent
and an endeavor is being made to
drive him out of the city by rendering
it impossible for him to make a living
here. However, the effort may fail.
Anyway, whiie Mr. Abs Hagen is yet
here he has consented to give a few
facts for the readers of The Call.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: A
water works system, complete in all its
appurtenances, subservient to the needs
city with over 100,000 inhabitants,
with a supply and distribution sys
tem sufficiently large to respond to
the needed subsequent enlargements,
in order to meet the requirements
of a yearly increasing population;
well planned, carefully executed and
economically administered— is not only
a necessity of the present age
but a boon to the people whom
it deserves. Dependence on its ac
curate, never failing action reduces
I the expense caused by fires, it insures
; clean streets, well flushed sewers,
j wholesome water for domestic uses and
it reverberates in general to the credit
' of its owners, i. c.. it pays a handsome
interest on the capital invested.
Such a system is needed for the city
of Los Angeles. The question of ob
taining the same has been agitated
some years. It is now at the point of
taking its form of development, and in
oruVr to evolve s?u<-h a system in the
, desired direction it must be guided
I from the start, trained and directed so
as to produce an ultimate result ade
quate to the needs and wants of the
j people.
As a beginning 1 toward a successful
end this city Is confronted with the fact
; of having to buy a water works system
j at the present owned by private parties,
! of either enlarging, renovating and im
| proving such undesirable features In
\ this system as are or may become ap
! parent, or else substitute an entirely
1 new system for the old one, which lat
ter at all events will have to be bought
and paid for at such a price as may be
i agreed upon.
A contract made thirty years ago ne
cessitates the acquisition of this prop
erty. The price which is to be paid for
this property is the stumbling: block for
the rapid solution of the question. The
purchase prise asked by the present
owners Is $3,000,000. The sum offered
by the city and based on careful engi
neering investigations is a little over
$1,000,000. This produces a gap in the
present business negotiations which ap
parently only time, arbitration, law
suits and similar time-consuming ex
pediments may overbridge.
A comparison of the present water
works system as it shows itself to be
with what it ought to be leads to some
astonishing results.
It is the aim of the writer to present
the existing conditions of the Los An
i geles water works system to the reader
:in as calm, unbiased and correct a
j manner as possible, based upon a pre
j viously made searching investigation
reduced to a dollar and cent estimate.
Every item of such estimate can be
substantiated and verified.
A schedule list of the city water
works property was filed by the offi
cers of this company with the city vi
thorities, which list ein"ora<:<:H every
ti^e o! r-.V estate, every piece of ihe
numerous features, such as tunnels,
conduits, reservoirs, power station? and
pipe system, which go to make up a
large water works system. Water
rights and rights of way. etc., will be
considered, and ihe prices se* opposite
the different items are, in* the opinion
of the writer, not only adequate, hut
like material can be bought to-day in
open market for less money if purchas
ed in large quantities.
The object and aim being to arrive? at
a fair valuation, giving at all ~v* nts,
the benefit of the doubt to the present
water works.
The investigation was made by rig
idly inspecting every one of the fea
tures of the system.
Three hundred and eighteen pipes at
different localities were unearthed,
tested and their condition noted, in or
der to arrive at a fair understanding
of the general nature of the pipe ys
tem. The sizes and conditions of the
pipes were ascertained, depths and
■widths of excavations measured; com
parison was made with the record of
the pipe system as submitted by the
company; errors of sizes, etc., were
thereby corrected, and the first star
tling discrepancy between facts and fig
ures was shown to be that instead of
1,870,931 feet of pipe system as listed
by the company, but 1.6K2.259 feet, ot
a difference of over 35 miles of pipes
was found. It appears, that the com
pany has carried en Its record all
abandoned lines, and submitted same
as part of their system.
N The condition of the existing pipe
lines was scrutinized, and investigation
showed that out of 114 pipes of two
and three inch dimension, 47 are good,
67 in poor condition. Out of 153 cast
iron pipe of various sizes, 145 are good
and 8 are poor; out of 51 sheet iron
pipe of various sizes, 29 are good, 22 are
poor.
It was further found that there are
at present within the city limits a lit
tle over 23 miles of pipes, which are
paralleled by others of larger dimen
sions. This latter fact shows that such
23 miles of pipes of insufficient sizes
had to be augmented by parallel pipe
lines. The combined capacity of both
are found to be hardly sufficient for
present requirements.
The pipe system was found to con
sist of 103 miles of cast iron pipes,
equaling 32 per cent of the whole sys
tem; of IS9 miles, or 60 per cent, of
wrought iron: of 3.75 miles, ot 1 per
cent of cement lined pipe: of 21 miles,
or 7 per cent of sheet iron; or a total of
318 miles of pipe, good, bad and indif
ferent.
The conditions of the pipes were
found to be as follows: All cast Iron
pipes, with the exception of those suf
fering from the effects of electrolysis,
were found to be good and serviceable.
All wrought iron pipes, except the new
ly laid, were found to be covered with
rust and deteriorating rapidly. All
sheet iron pipes, except such as were
laid in deep trenches and favored by
local conditions of the soil, were badly
deteriorated, and some utterly spoiled
by rust. The cement lined pipes were
absolutely worthless. Sooner or later,
within the next five or ten years, every
one of the pipes, except the cast iron
pipes, will have to be replaced by cast
iron mains.
The sizes of the mains, as found in
connection with this system, furnish a
remarkable illustration of what can be
done with inadequate means, by the
use of good judgment and careful ad
ministration by the one party and in
dulgence by the other.
Out of a total of 1,626,490 feet of avail
able pipes, there are at present in i^S":
Of 2-inch pipe. 55 per cent; of 3-inch
pipe, 5.5 per cent; of 4-inch pipe. IS 5
per cent; of 5-inch pipe, .5 per cent; of
6-inch pipe, 6.5 per cent; of 7-inch pipe,
.1 per cent: of 8-inch pipe, 4.5 per cent: i
of 10- inch pipe, 1.5 per cent; of 11-inch y
pipe, 1 per cent: cf 12-inch pipe, 2 per
cent; of 14-inch pipe, .3 per cent; of 16
inch pipe, .5 per cent; of IS-inch pipe,
.6 per cent; of 20-inch pipe, .1 per cent;
of 22-inch pipe, 1 per cent; of 24-inch
pipe, .5 per cent; of 30-inch pipe, .6 per
cent; of 44-inch pipe, 1.1 per cent.
The preponderance of 2-inch, 3-lnch
and 4-inch pipes (79 per cent) over the
medium and larger sized pipes becomes
the more apparent when it is consid
ered that a 6-inch main is necessary in
order to furnish the required maxi
mum volume of water for domestic and
fire-extinguishing purposes. At present
there are no hydrants available except
where connected with 4-inch or larger
mains, thereby depriving all such sec
tions of the city where the smaller sizes
of pipe predominate.
The propected city water works sys
tem calls for 300 miles of 6-inch mains.
The present system contains less than
twenty miles of such pipes. The depth
to which mains are laid is inadequate,
the average depth of 2-inch and 3-inch
pipes being found to be from twelve
inches to eighteen inches below street
grade, larger mains gradually increas
ing to an average depth of four feet,
thus necessitating expensive altera
tions whenever a change of street
Continued on Fourth Pape.
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and 'Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer "•
■will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEECHASTS PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Kick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
Radway'e Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Sore Muscles. Cramps. | Burns. Sunburns. Back-
ache, Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
lalgia. Lumbago. Internally for all " Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cholera
Morbua - and Sickness. Nausea, etc. * All dru*-
, KlstaBENJAMIN
PTTERWORTH
SUMMONED
Peaceful Death of the
Commissioner of
Patents.
Passes Away in the Pres
ence of Wife and
Children.
Went to a Georgia Resort to
Recuperate From an At
tack of Pneumonia.
MOST NOTABLE CAREER.
Distinction Gained as a Lawyer, Sol
dier and Statesman by the
Talenied Quaker.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
xi njjiiiiin miucrwonn, united States
mlssioner of Patents, who has
111 at Plney Woods Hotel here
several weeks, died at 3:15 o'clock this
afternoon. The end was peaceful, and
■when it came his wife and children
were at his bedside. He came here to
recuperate from an attack of pneu
monia and recovered rapidly until two
wer-ks ago, when he Buffered from ure
mic convulsion?. From that relapse
he never recovered. His body will be
sent to Washington to-morrow.
Benjamin Butterworth was what is
known as a "birthright Quaker."
Those who knew him nest during
busy career are unanimous in Baying
of him, "His daily life was as exem
plary of the tenets of that good old'
faith as that of any public official ,
could
He was born in TVarren County,
Ohio. 22, IS3T; was a member
of the State Senate of Ohio from War
ren and Butler counties in 1873-74; was
elected from the First Ohio District to;
the Forty - sixth. Forty - seventh, !
Forty-ninth and Fiftieth Congresses, I
and was r< I to the Fifty-first :
;>uhlican.
"Ben" ButterwOrth, a? he has al- ;
ways been best known, spent his earl
ier y- I about Mnineville and!
ng — the latter a little
station on the Little Miami Railroad. '
His father was William Butterworth,
his mother a Linton, a family noted
throughout the entire line for their
keenness of intellect, powers of percep- |
tlon and strength in speech and de- j
bate. Both parents were of Quaker
ancestry. Major Butterworth's keen
Intellect and remarkable powers of
; ption were inherited from his
mot hi r.
terworttr*a first acquaintance
■with law was made in the office of
TiurViin Ward, then a successful prac- '<
titioner in Cincinnati.
4 During the war he attained th^ rank
"of major in an Ohio regiment. He was
Commissioner of Patents first during
the administration of Garfield and Ar
thur, and hi? record made then and
subsequently had great weight with '
President McKinley in selecting him
for that position.
He was made secretary of the
World's Fair project early in the in
ception of that gr^at enterprise at Chi
during the early .'9o's, and
worked along In that capacity with
honor to himself and profit to the
company until its close. His widow
and four children survive him. His
■wife was Miss Mary Schuyler of Penn
sylvania. The children are Mrs. Howe
of Washington, I>. C, a widow: Wil
liam, who married n Miss Deere, of
Moline. TIL; young Ben, who was in
jured In game early in life,
and Frank, whop* 1 prowess as a foot
ball coach and fullback is almost inter
national.
SABBATH RIOTS
DISTURB PARIS
Students Parade the Streets
Crying Out Against
M. Zola.
Police Finally Disperse the Mob and
Make a Numbir of
Arrests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 16.- There was a popular
to-day, with a procession
"of military officials, soldiers,. veterans and
■ gymnastic and other associations, in
. honor of General Felix Saussier, now re
tiring from the military governorship of
• Paris, and the commander-. n-chief of the
French army. General Saussier, who was
In full uniform and surrounded by his
staff, stood in the window of his resi
dence, responding assiduously to the sal
utations of enormous crowds.
Ultimately bands of students paraded
the streets, shouting perpetuallly, "Con
spuez Zola!" "Death to the Jews!"
and the like. In several cases cafe win
dows were smashed, and the windows of
a house mistaken for >.olas was broken.
The police ally aspersed the rioters
and made many arrests. Louise Michel
and Sebastian Faure addressed a social
ist meeting this evening and denounced
the secrecy attending tne trial of Comte
Esternazy. There were shouts (ft "A baa
Brumont!" and "A has Rochefort!" but
there was no further disorder
The list of persons signing the petition
circulated by M. Zola and others on Fri
day last for a retrial Oi former Captain
Alfred Dreyfus is becomin- Increasingly
. significant. Numerous members of the
Institute and other prominent persons are
signing, which shows that the movement
is dally growing in respectability and in
fluence. On the other hand, the anti
. Zola campaign, started by the students,
Is extending to Marseilles, Toulouse,
Lyons., Nancy and other large towns.
PASSES CLOSE TO A VESSEL
HEAVILY LISTED TO STARBOARD.
British Steamship Willow Branch Sights a
Craft That Has Evidently Encoun
tered a Gale.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. IS.-Captain
Ritson, commanding the RritiHh steamer
Willow liraneh, which arrived in port to
4 day. stated that on January 7. to the
westward of the. Grand Links, he passed
close to an unknown steamship that was
heavily listed to Btarboard, but she did
not signal that assistance was needed.
He describes the vessel to have been a
large, deeply laden craft, with a red
funnel win black top and red band
around it, and believes it to have been
one of the Allan line fleet.
THE LATE HON. BENJAMIN BUTTERWORTH, as He
Appeared While Addressing a Meeting in this City
in October, 1896.
AILING SWINE
GIVEN RELIEF
Successful Tests of the
Anti-Toxine for Hog
Cholera.
Dr. Salmon Submits an Encour
aging Report to Secretary
Wilson.
Congress Will Be Asked to Appropri
ate Money for the Distribution
of Serun i.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
Call Office. P.iggs House,
Washington, Jan. I*s.
The chief of the Bureau of Animal
Industry, Dr. D. E. Salmon, has sub
mitted to Secretary Wilson a report
upon the experiments made in the
treatment of hogs for hog cholera with
anti-toxine scrum. This serum Is made
upon the same principle as the anti
toxine of diphtheria. Good serum has
been oljt.aini.-il from both horses
cattle, a horse or row being in"< a
with the h>>g cholera virus in small
quantities at first, and with larger
after suitable intervals of time.
The resistance of the animal is thus
! to the highest p; point.
The blood of such an animal when in-
I under the skin of SWinfi has ':■• ■• n
found t" possess both a preventive aDd
curative action.
This serum was first tested uj>on
small animals in the laboratory, and,
being found efficacious, was last fall
tested in Page County, lowa, on sev
eral herds of swine, containing alto
gether 278 animals. Leaving out one
herd, from which definite returns as to
cause of death could not be obtained,
only 3l< died out of l'-J4 animals treat
ed, of which 86 were .si«-k. Consequent
ly 82.8 per cent of the animals of these
herds were saved. Of untreated hogs
kept under observation during the pe
riod referred to, about 85 per cent of
th»- animals died.
Dr. Salmon believes that with experi
ence a better quality of scrum can be
prepared, and he has no doubt tfiat
this percentage can be maintained
hereafter.
Referring to this report, Secretary
"Wilson remarked that undoubtedly the
I results reported by Dr. Salmon were
j most encouraging to hog raisers. The
i cost of the serum now. said the Secre
j tary, was but 10 cents per head of ani
mals treated, only one dc-se being re
! quired, and doubtless in course of time
i this light cost may still be further re-
J duced.
"It is, in my opinion," said the
'■ Secretary, "of the utmost importance
, that this serum, for the next year at
least, be made by the bureau under our
own supervision and distributed in
large quantities in order to demon
strate its efficacy upon a more extend
jed scale. It is absolutely essential that
during the experimental stage serum
of undoubted quality be. used. Unless
the hog growers can obtain it from this
department they will be forced to de
pend upon what can be obtained from
private sources, and, owing to the nov
elty of this product, not only will dls
couragingly exorbitant prices be charg
ed for it, but in many cases inferior
products may be offered. This would
preclude the possibility of making a
satisfactory test on a widely extended
scale.
"I propse to ask Congress to provide
j an appropriation necessary to enable
' this department to furnish 2.000.000
doses of serum during the next year
and to make a considerable portion, of
the appropriation immediately avail -
; able. It seems from Dr. Salmon's re
port that It takes three or four months
to put a horse or cow Into condition to
I supply the serum: consequently the
1 work unon an extended scale must be
undertaken at once.
"The losses from hog cholera are so
' enormous and have welched so heav
ily for years upon our farmers that I
'■ cannot Imagine that Conpress will for a
j moment hesitate to make the appro
priations necessary to carry on this
work thoroughly. Indeed, apart from
: the great stake the farmers hay* in
i this matter, to refuse to proviso for a
thorough test of this remedy now would
, he. indeed, 'penny wise and pound fool
ish': for the discovery of this serum has
Involved already many. years of work
and a very large sum of money. It
would be a great mistake now that so
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, JANUARY 17, 1898.
gTeat a discovery seems to have been
made not to finish the work by giving
it a thorough and extensive test."
GREAT BRITAIN'S SHARE
OF THE CHINESE PUDDING.
Concessions to Be Acquired Through the
Proposed Loan to the Imperial
Government.
LONDON, Jan. 16.-The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says: Yester
day (Saturday) Sir Claude Mac Donald,
British Embassador to China, in the
course of an Interview with the Tsung-
LJ-Yamen (Board of Foreign Control),
stated that England was willing to as
sist China to liquidate the Japanese in
demnity, and would provide a loan of
£12.000.000 at par, to run fifty years, the
service to be 4 per cent net. including
sinking fund conditions, as follows:
First— The opening of three treaty
ports, the Talien-Wan. Slang-In and
Nan-Ning. thereby increasing the cus
toms revenues; second; a declaration
that no portion of the Yang-Tse-Kiang
Valley shall b<- alienated to any other
power; third, the right to extend the
Burmafa railway through Hunan prov
ince (the most southwestern In China).
In the event of her default China is to
place certain revenues under the control
of the Imperial customs. On this basis
the negotiations will proceed. China re
gards them as advantageous, but fears
the threatened apposition of France and
Russia, especially to the opening of
Tall-en-Wan and Nan-Nit,
The Times, commenting on the report,
suggests that Siang-In. which the cor
respondent describes as "in Hunan prov
ince" is a telegraphic error and means
cither Siang Yang in Hu-Pei province, or
Siang-Tang, in llu-Nan province.
CASES DELAYED IN
THE SUPREME COURT.
Postponement of the Confirmation of Mc-
Kenna Said to Have Caused Justice
to Be Retarded.
WASHINGTON". Jan. It— Dels? In the
[nation of the nomination of Attor
eral McKenna will compel a post
ponement of mnm assigned for re-argu
3upi Court this w• ek
included several mim that have
it . n before the court for a long time, and
the justices found it impossible to dispose
of them, it is presumed, for Die reason
that • Ighi members, who for some
ths past li;:\ mprised the actual
working body of the court, could not
it was supposed when the assign-
He last month that by the
17th inst. Judge McKenna'a appointment
would nave been confirmed and he would
be a member of the court. Onder the
men! to take a vote in the B<
on his Domination next Friday, he cannot
enter upon th- discharge of his duties un
til January 24.
A rumor was current last week that th'i
announcement of the opinion and judg
ment of the court In the now long <>■.
Nebraska minimum freight rates case
was being delayed for the completion of a
dissenting opinion. The same authority
fixes the division of the court at six to
two.
REDUCTION OF WAGES
IN THE COTTON MILLS.
Many Thousands Are to Be Affected by the
Cut, and the Loss Will Be Over a
Million a Year.
PROVIDENCE:, R. L, Jan. 16.— The cut
in the cotton mills throughout the State
will go into effect to-morrow, the only
exceptions \ eing one or two small fac
tories whose owners, for reasons of their
own, have not decided to cut wages and
■ few in which, owing to their paying
monthly or for similar reasons, It is not
convenient to make the reduction until
later.
The reduction will affect to a greater
or less degree the earning of nearly
20,000 operatives in this State and those
of Knight and Goddard In Massachusetts.
Betwi aiwi L 5.000 employes in
Connecticut mills controlled by Provi
dence :\\z> m!s will he affected also. As
the aggregate earnings of the operatives
will approximate $9,600,000 annually, the
loss m wages and purchasing power in
consequence of the reduction to 0;..-ra-
Uves and business men in the eommuni-
In Which they spend their money
will lie nearly a round million if the eul
■.verages< as expected, about 10 per cent.
GRADUATED WITH GRANT'S
CLASS AT WEST POINT.
Genera/ Christopher Colon Auger, a Veteran
of Two Wars, Dies of Qld Age.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— General Chris
; topher Colon Auger, U. S. A., retired, died
of old age at his home In West Washing
ton* to-night. General Auger was one of
the three surviving members of th. class
of '43 at West Point— the class with which
General Grant graduated. General Auger
was with Grant in Mexico and served
' with distinction through the civil war.
i After the civil war be saw considerable
active service in the Indian uprisings on
j the frontier, and was later In command
of various departments of the array. Ha
; was retired in 1885, and has since lived in
Washington. .
Subsequent to his retirement he was
shot by a negro desperado in the door
v.ay of his home, but, though seriously
wounded, recovered. He had two sons,
now in the army— Captain Colon Auger,
stationed at Fort Riley, Kan., and Major
J. A. Auger, at Leavenworth, Kan.
THREATENED
CRISIS IN
CUBA OVER
Peace Now Seems
to Prevail at
Havana.
Diplomats Agree That the
Worst Is Certainly-
Passed.
Expect Good Results From the
Recent Riotous Pro
ceedings.
SQUADRON SAILS SOUTH.
Fleet of Warship* Will Be Near In
Case the Interests of Americans
Are Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
N"EW YORK, Jan. 16.— The Herald"s
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The threatened crisis In the Cuban
situation has passed, at least for the
time being, according to the latest in
formation received from General Lee.
I have talked to-day with Secretary
Sherman, Assistant Secretary «>f Btate
Day, Senator Davis, Chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, leading
members of the House Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and with Minister de
They all agree that the worst is
over. Minister de Lome is as optimis
tic as ever as t" the ultimate success
of autonomy. < '"•'■ thing is certain as
a result of my conversation with them.
There is no immediate intention of In
tervention on the part of the United
States, and future action of the au
thorities here will depend solely upon
the developments in the island within
the next two months.
The Herald's special cable from Mad
rid, published this morning, showing
that the r€ nt rioting in Havana was
the result of a great conservative plot
against the Sagasta ministry of Spain,
attracted wide attention in diplimatlc
and official circles here The dispatch
was read with great Interest, particu
larly in the Btate Department, as it
confirm similar brief advice
from Consul-General L>-e in Cuba, re
• i when t: an in
ma. It waa In i insequence of the
luslons which General l.<->' drew
from the riots thai the authorities made
such prompt preparations for sending
a warship to Havana. They feared
that i:' the plot should succeed and
Captain-General Blanco should be
overthrown anarchy would prevail. The
• character of the news from Ha
vana, however, during the past
days has somewhat eased th> j ir minds
on this score.
In the opinion of Minister de Lome,
the riots have Improved rather than
aggravated the- situation. !!•• thinks
they have cleared the atmosphere and
thai General Blanco will now be able
to vigorously push his plans for auton
omy without any further Betback He
considers the riots solely th. result of
a radual chansf of policy which took
upon the arrival of General
r.iaT.'-<> in Havana. The m< n
cerned in it were those deprived :
flee and uther patronage whi h they
ha<i under th* old regime. He <i> p
• - tn>^ talk aboul the failure •■!
auton- my, and thinks It unfair thai
anybody sh( uld reach thia < ■•lvi'.sn-n
f. 'M-t'M n u.iys after ihe reforms were
formall) inaugurated. He ezpectfl
much from Benor Govin, Minister of
the Interior, who has just arrived in
Ha\ ana.
There is no probability of action on
the Cuban question In either houi
Congress during the present week.
The President has not ><t prepan
reply to Senator Cannon's resolution,
asking what preparations bad been
made for the protection of American
citizens In Cuba, and it is probable
that he will consider that it is not com
patible With public; interest to give the
Senate the information at this time.
According to a telegram received this
morning by captain A. s. Crowin
shleld, chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, from Rear Admiral Sicard, the
North Atlantic squadron left Hampton
[loads to-day for the Gulf of Florida.
The squadron is the Strongest that lias
been in southern waters since the close
of the civil War. it comprises the
battle-shipa lowa, Indiana ami Massa
chusetts, second-class battle-ship
Texas and armored cruiser New York.
The squadron is expected to reach Dry
TortUgaS on Saturday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Grave ap
prehensions were felt, by both the ofil
cials of the State Department and those
erf the Spanish Legation that disturb
ances of a more or less sen. .us charac
ter might occur in Havana to-day, ow
ing to the fact that many persons oth
erwise occupied during the week would
be comparatively free on- this day to
follow their own Ine (nations. Advices
received by Minister de Lirme to-day,
followed by others at a later hour, in
dicate, however, that Havana was per
fectly tranquil. After noon the Minis
ter received a dispatch conveying the
information that at 11 o'clock this
morning there had not only been no
rioting, but that there were not even
sporadic disturbances crt any kind. As
a precautionary measure. General
Blanco had carefully provided against
any trouble, but so far as surface indi
cations went, the precautions he had
taken were entirely unnecessary. The
advices were that the better judgment
of the people was uppermost. Good
feeling prevailed generally through
out the city, and no disturbances were
anticipated.
Ip to ?, o'clock this afternoon State
Department officials had received no
word from Havana, and th -y accepted
this as an Indication that no trouble
had occurred or was anticipated. They
regard the rioting < f last week as
merely a flurry which spent Its force
in the few hours it lasted.
General Lee is under instructions to
notify the department promptly of
anything unusual or in the least way
threatening, and the fact that no dis
patch was received from him clearly
Indicates that the city Is practically
absolutely quiet.
Becretary I^>ng has received no ad
ditional Information concerning the
movements of the North Atlantic
squadron and said that he expect. .1
none. Admiral Heard simply carried
out the orders previously issued to him
and sailed to-day with the main body
of the squadron for Southern waters
to enter upon the usual winter maneuv
ers.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 16,— Having
completed coaling and nil provisions
for their winter's cruise In Gulf waters,
the ships of the North Atlantic squad
ron, which have teen anchored in
Hampton Roads for the past ten weeks,
the flagship New York and the battle
ships Indiana, Massachusetts and lowa
left < >ld Point at 10 a. m. and two hours
later passed out the rapes, south bound.
They put to sea in the teeth of a north
easter which is blowing off Hatteras
to-night. It is Admiral Sicard's inten
tion to keep well away from the stormy
cape. The fleet will proceed directly, at
tfii knots speed, to Dry Tortugas, their
headquarters for the Gulf evolutions.
This point is within such easy reach of
Havana that the ships could be sum
moned in a few hours should their
presence be necessary. The Texas will
join the flagship off the South Carolina
coast. The torpedo-boat Foote was
forced to take the inside route owing
to the heavy weather off Hatteras. The
ships are equipped for a long voyage
and their magazines arf well stocked.
HAVANA, Jan. 16.— N0 •'disagreea
ble incidents" have occurred to-day,
and "complete calmness" exists. Gen
eral Morroto, General Bernal and Gen
eral Salcedo have arrived, and are as
sisting General Blanco in maintaining
order.
Yesterday while Senor Marcos Gar
cia, Governor of Santa Clara, was at
tending a baseball match, a hospital
employe tried to shoot him. General
T'rrier and his aid-de-camp frustrat
ed the attempt.
General Pando arrived at Manzanll
lo on Tuesday last. According to the
official reports, there has been only
"unimportant skirmishing" in that di
rection.
MADRID, Jan. 16.— Senor Romero
Robledo, presiding at a meeting of his
friends to-night, attacked the autono
my scheme, and sought to magnify the
significance of the recent demonstra
tions at Havana. The meeting decid
ed to reassemble on Tuesday n^xt. in
order to draft an address to the
Queen Regent protesting against the
dissolution of the fortes, and request
ing that they be convoked.
General Weyler was invited to at
tend the meeting, but excused himself
on the ground of "scruples arising from
his military position."
DEMANDS FOR LUMBER ON
THE TRAILS TO DAWSON.
Indications That the Rush in the Spring Will
Discount That of Last
Autumn.
SEATTLE, Jan. 16.— The steam schooner
Noyo arrived here to-night from Skaguay
and I've;'.. Alaska. Among her passen
g> rs was Hans Larsen of Circle City, who
came "'.it t" Dyea with a <i.>g train by
way of Dawson City. He said there was
plenty of food at Circle City. He also
conllrmrd previous reports that there
would lie no suffering at Dawson this
winter from lack of provisions, as the
exodus bad removed danger of famine.
He <iid not think that the government
relief expedition was feasible at this time.
J. A. Lacy of San Francisco, who took
a cargo <>f lumber to Bkaguay on the
Nfoyo, says so great is the demand for
lumber that the people can hardly wait
until It is unloaded. Lacy Bays that but
a small part of the hundreds of people ar
riving at Dyea and Skaguay intent on
pushing on to Dawson, have any con
ceptlon of the difficulties before them. H<j
predicts that the congestion on the trails
will be greater than it was last season.
VESSELS IN NEED
OF AMMUNITION
Navy Lacks Sufficient Powder
for Use in Case of
Emergency.
Officers Arjree That the Batteries on
Commissioned Warships Should
Be Modernized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
"Wash! . Jan. 16.
Naval officers generally agree with the
statements made by Assistant Becretary
of th< ■ ps should
t.e taken to modernise the batteries of
many vessels now In commission. I un
derstand that Mr. Roosevelt informal the
President yesterday that the navy was
also badly tn need of ammunition. Mr.
..it appreciates that every ship in
the navy has a supply of powder suffi
cient, for peace purposes, but in case of
ency, he thinks, there :s not enough
p >wder t>> rapidly replace that now In tne
magazines of the men-of-war.
Naval officers generally say Congress
should lose no tim* in appropriating the
$500,000 required by TCcretary Long for the
purchase of reserve ammunition. The
only recent contract made by the depart
ment for powder was that entered into
several months ago for I'JO.OOO pounds of
six-inch smoke';.--.; powder.
It is desired by Captain Charles O'Neill.
chief of the bureau of ordnance, that ne
be given authority to convert all of the
six-inch gutis of ordinary type now in ser
vice Into rapid-firing guns. He has esti
mated that 125,000 Will be needed, and has
urged that Congress make an appropria
tion without delay. There are ninety-five
six-inch guns of ordinary type on board
ships of the navy, and their conversion.
Captain O'Neill says, will double th. ir ef
flciency. The cost of converting a six-inch
gun Is ab.ait $1000, and the time required
would be from five to six months for each
lot of twelve guns undertaken at the
s.i me time.
Bight six-Inch guns have already been
converted, and work on nineteen was
commenced some months ago. Eighteen
of these are for the Newark and Atlanta.
Buried Under Sacks of Wheat.
VTBAIJA, Jan. 1C — Elijah Allen. a
young man of IS years, working on the
Fulgham rancli. bad a narrow escape
from death yesterday. He was soaking
wheat in Milestone liquid !>• fore sowing
in the field when a large pile of wheat
in sacks fell, covering him completely. It
was probably an hour before he was dis
covered by his employer, as he failed to
report for dinner. With all haste the
tumbled sacks were thrown aside and the
poor fellow rescued. He could neither
speak nor walk, and nearly two hours
passed before he was able to realize what
bad happened. Another half-hour's im
prisonment would have been fatal.
Cotton for the Orient.
TACOMA. Jan. If..— Seven trainloads,
amounting to 4750 hales, of Texas cotton,
have arrived In Tacoma for shipment to
c ma and Japan. Th»" oott.m came by
way of St. Lotus and St. Pan",. A great
deal of this cotton is standing in cars on
the track. Heavy shipments of cotton
are arriving at all Pacific Coast ports
having Oriental lines. An important
phase of the movement arises in tho
question as to whether the cotton is sub-
Jed to Insurance while standing in the
cars.
Fatal Shooting Affray.
OKLAHOMA, Jan. H. — In s row early
this morning Fred Jones, ■ barkeeper,
shot Chief of Police <;. \v. Jackson
through the thigh, As lie fell Jackson
it Jones, but missed him and shot
Bishop Armstrong, a deputy sheriff. In
dicting a fatal wound. Jones is a brother
Of Milt Jones, the city marshal wh
killed in an affray at Oklahoma City two
years ago by the Christian brothers, out
laws. Armstrong, la said to have cuni^
from Texas.
Seamtn From a Wrecked Brigantine.
NKW YOKK, Jan. Ifi.— On board the
steamer Antilla, which arrived here this
evening from Nassau, were the mat<
nine seamen of tHe crew of the Italian
brigantlne Celestina, which was lost on
the south side of Watling*a island while
on it voyage from Venice to Savannah.
The' vessel was a total loss. No lives were
lost.
Najoqui Pestoffice Burned.
LOS OLIVOS. Jan. 16.— Th<» postotßca at
Najoqtd, with all fixtures, ami the real
of the Postmaster, 1; F. Xosser.
were burned last night. N'osser's place
has been a sort of headquarters for coast
travelers for many y,-ars. chiefly on ac
count of its proximity to the famous Na
joqul Falls.
MRS. LANE
SHOT BY HER
TINY PISTOL
Blackburn's Daughter
Is Wounded Seri
ously.
Most Peculiar Accident
in a Washington
Hotel.
The Weapon Falls From a
Piece of Lace Being Raised
by Its Owner.
BULLET STRIKES A RIB.
There la Much Excitement Over the
Affair, but the Accident Story
Is Believed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, Jan. 16.
In her apartment in the Wellington
Hotel last night, Mrs. Lucille Lane,
youngest daughter of ex-Senat»r Joe;
Blackburn of Kentucky, shot herself.
According to the statement given out
by the family the shooting was acci
dental. Both of Mrs. Lane's physi
cians refused to discuss the subject,
even to the extent of saying whether
or not the wound would prove fatal,
but from the best that can be learned
she will probably recover, although
now suffering severely from shock. A
friend of the family nominated to give
out a statement said about midnight
on Saturday that Mrs. Lane was pre
paring to retire. Her husband at the
time was in the adjoining room look
ing over the paper. Mrs. Lane opened
a bureau drawer to get a handkerchief
and picked up a handful of gloves and
laces which had been tossed together
in the drawer. Under this fluffy mass
was a tiny lady's pistol, a gift to Mrs.
Lane from her father and a posses
sion of which she was particularly
fond. It caught in a piece of lace as
sh-- raised her hand, and falling of Its
own weight struck the hammer on the
edge of the open drawer. The pistol
exploded and the ball penetrated her
left breast. What became of it is |I
possible to say.
Lucille is the youngest daughter of
the bullet struck a rib and ranged
around beneath the left shoulder, mak
ing only a superficial wound. At the
same time it is said Mrs. Lane is suf
fering BO from the shock that the phy
sicians have devoted all their energies
to rallying her without attempting to
definitely ascertain the extent of the
injury. The most precise statement
thai either physician would make to
night was that Mrs. Lane would prob
ably live until morning. At the re
quest of the family the Mock in which
tht> hotel is Bituatefl has been roped off.
Senator Blackburn is deeply affected
by the occurrence. He does not live
with his daughter, and when the af
fair occurred was summoned from his
room on New York avenue, remaining
thereafter at Mrs. Lane's hotel.
Lucille was the youngest daughter of
Senator Blackburn. She was' married
In 1895 to Thomas F. Lane, a prominent
business man and politician of Sum
mit, N. J. At the time of the marriage
Mr. Lane was a chief of division in the
Treasury Department. Subsequently
he accepted a place with the Maxim
Arms Company of New York as their
agent in Washington. The position is
reputed a good one, and the Lanes had
apparently always an abundance of
money, which they spent freely, living
at a fashionable hotel and seeming to
lack none of the good things of life.
Their little girl, something over a year
old. was one of the favorites about the
house with all who knew her and the
particular pride of her mother. Mr.
and Mrs. Lane, according to those who
saw them every day. were unvaryingly
affectionate and attentive to each
other, and she, while of slight phy
sique, was in excellent health.
Mrs. Blackburn, who Is not In *the
city, has been telegraphed for. Mrs.
Lane's elder sister. Corinne. is the wife
of Lieutenant -Colonel Hall, now at
Fort Worth. Tex.
FIRE RAGES IN A
BUTTE BUILDING.
Smoke Drifts Into the Maguire Opera House
and There Is a Stampede Among
the Audience.
BT'TTE. Mont.. Jan. 16.— Fire. supposed
to be of Incendiary origin, broke out in
the Boston dry poods store in the Odd
Fellows' building on Broadway, adjoin
ing the Magulre Opera House, about 0
o'clock to-night. Before the fire was ex
tinguished the stock was practically a
total loss. It was insured for $25,000.
The dense smoke penetrated to the upper
part Of the building, where Thomas
Steef, a paralytic, and his family live.
They were rescued with difficulty. Smoke
;iiso penetrated the opera house, where
'■ruder the Dome" was being given. As
Manager Hasan started for the stage to
advise the audience to withdraw quietly,
some one rushed Into the gallery and
an alarm. There was a rush for
the doors, and several women fainted
and were slightly injured.
TERRIFIC TORNADO
SWEEPS OKLAHOMA.
Owing to the Thin Population of the Area
Visited by the Storm the Damage
Was Not Very Extensive
CHICAGO. Jan. If>.— A special to the
Chronicle from Guthrie, O. T.. says: A
terrific tornado, accompanied by heavy
rain and hail, passed across Pottawatto
nxle County, near Maud post office, last
■g. Men from that part of the comi
ty say that the path Of the storm was
about half a mile wide and that timber
was blown down and broken off so as, to
almost completely block the roads.
\ part oi the country over which the
storm passed lias been almost di -
by the families living there on account
OI the Tndian scare.
The tornado traveled in a northeasterly
direction and passed over Into the a
nole nation where, on account of the thin
ly populated country, but little damage
was done.
Brazil Pleased With Bryan.
BUENOS AYRES. Jan. If,.— The Her
ald's correspondent in Rio Janeiro, Bra
zil, says that the Government has de
clared its pleasure at the appointment of
Charles Page Bryan as United States
Minister to Brazil.
Illness of an Empress.
BERLIN. Jan. 16.— The condition of the
health of the Empress Augusta Victoria
excites comment. She will go in the
spring to some southern air cure. Her
physicians still forbid her leaving her
rooms.
WEEK'S WORK
IN CONGRESS
The Annexationists Show
Their Weakness by
Further Delay.
Senators Will Enter a Discus
sion of the Immigra
tion Bill.
In the House There Is a Prospect of
Considerable Argument on For
eign Relations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 16.
The Hawaiian annexation treaty will
this week again occupy the major por
tion of the time o-f the Senate. It ap
pears Improbable, however, that the
treaty will be taken up on Monday.
There is an unanimous agreement to
vote on the immigration bill during the
day. and it is altogether probable that
this vote will be preceded by some dis
cussion of the merits of the bill. The
la at the measure are confident of
its passage, but they are not very hope
ful of getting it through without fur
ther debate.
Senator Wolcott has given notice of
his intention to address the Senate on
Monday, when he will make a report of
the transactions of the recent interna
tional bimetallic commission. Wolcott
has never given extended public utter
ance concerning the commission's work,
and there is very general interest man
ifested as to the course he may pur
sue in his speech on Monday.
When the Senate resumes considera
tion of the Hawaiian treaty Senator
Morgan will take the floor, and it is
expected will consume at least another
day in the presentation of his views in
favor of annexation. He will be fol-
I by Senators Pettigrew and
White in opposition to the treaty and
by other Senators for and against it.
There is no hope that the discussion
will be concluded during the week. A
great many Senators wish to speak,
and as long as the result of the vote is
as uncertain as it is at present, neither
side will be disposed to allow the vote
to be taken.
The Senate has agreed to vote on the
confirmation of Attorney General Mc-
Kenna as Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court on next Friday, and the
probabilities are that this vote will be
preceded by some discussion as to Mr.
McKenna's merits.
The urgent deficiency appropriation
bill will in all probability be reported
on Monday, and there may be an effort
to secure its consideration during the
week.
The House is likely to become the
arena for a general discussion of our
foreign relations in connection with the
consideration of the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill during the
present week. The Cuban situation
the annexation of Hawaii and the de
signs of the European powers toward
China will, of course, be the principal
topics to attract attention. The House
managers do not want an extended de
bate on Cuba precipitated at this time,
but the minority is determined to press
the question during the consideration
c-f this bill.
NEW TO-DAY.
A
World
Of
Overcoats.
Overcoats for all — big, little,
tall, short, slim and stout. The
big man and the little boy, the
little man and the big boy.
Big stock but little prices.
We've picked the time when
overcoats are most needed, to
make prices that you can't resist.
These for to-day :
Dressy Overcoats, in
Blue and Brown Beavers (t* r 7.00
| and Covert Cloths .. $| —
Blue, Black, Brown and
Tan Overcoats, in Beavers,
Kerseys, Cheviots and Co- (JM A .00
vert Cloths #lU—
Men's Blue and Gray (1*7.50
Mixed Frieze Ulsters ... $1 ~"
■ ■•"■-*■■■• ■..-.. ■
Boys' Gray Mixed Ul- $0.75
I sters $ 0
Buy of the maker. Come to
the BLUE signs, 2d block from
Market.
BROWN BROS. & CO.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Selling at Retail,
: 121-123 SANSOME STREET.
34
POWERFUL
NEW WARSHIP
FOR JAPAN
Launching of the Big
Kasagi Occurs
Thursday.
Most Important Vessel
Built Here for Foreign
Account.
Sisters Being Constructed in
Various Parts of the
World.
WILL RULE THE PACIFIC.
Charles Cramp Speaks of the Signifi
cance of the Increas-i in Japan' 9
Naval Power.
Special Dispatch to Th? Call.
PHILADELPHIA, January 16.— The
launching of the Japanese warship
Kasagi, which was built at Cramps'
shipyard, will take place on Thursday
at noon. The Kasagi is the most im
portant ship ever built in the United
States for foreign account and is the
first foreign warship launched in this
country since the Zobiaca, In 1878. In
compliance with requests for informa
tion from all over the country, Charles
H. Cramp to-day gave the following
Interview:
"The Kasagi is a protected twin
screw cruiser or commerce destroyer of
the latest and most Improved type and
design in her (lass. She is built
throughout of mild steel of the United
States navy standard. Her model is
calculated primarily for high speed, the
contract guarantees being -- 1 - km
the- mean of six runs back and I
over a measured course of ten nautical
miles. She is powered with two four
cylinder vertical inverted direct acting
triple expansion engines, driving twin
screws. Steam is supplied by twelve
Bingle-ended cylindrical boilers, pro
vided with a St. John grate and bearer
bar, and the machinery calculations
contemplate a maximum collective in
dicated horse power of about 17,000. The
Kasagi is among the large number of
ships of various types and classes em
braced in the new naval programme of
Japan.
"A sister ship to her is building on
the Pacific Coast and others of various
class€ 3up to 14.^00 ton battleship -
In England, France, Germany or in
Japan's own dockyard at Yokosuka. It
is worth while to call attention to the
fact that she is a representative of the
most marvelous and formidable naval
development of this age; a develop
ment that is rapidly bringing into front
rank among civilized naval pov.
nation, the ports of which were first
opened to commerce through the in
strumentality of an American naval • x
pedition clearly within the memory of
men not yet past middle age. Prom this
point of view alone her launching is an
event worth remembering in the his
tory of American ship building.
"When the fleet of which the Kasagi
is an- important factor shall be com
pleted, an event not more than two
years off at the farthest. Japan will
rank as the foremost naval power In
the Pacific Ocean and generally speak
ing neariy, if not quite, third in rank
among the naval powers of the world.
She will certainly outrank in the all
around sense ail but England, France
and Russia, and so far as the 1'
Ocean is concerned, will be far superior
to all except England perhaps, and it
is doubtful if even England could, with
due regard to her requirements in her
own \vator3 or in the Mediterranean
and the defense of her commerce spare
naval force enough for concentration on
the Pacific to equal in that ocean the
new Japanese navy of which the Ka-
Bagi is a factor.
"This superiority is due not so much
to the mere number of the vessels
Japan is building, as to the fact that
they are of carefully selected typos,
perfectly elaborated designs and wisely
distributed clasps, all of the most ap
proved construction and highest at
tainable efficiency. The men who oper
ate the material of this force have
demonstrated by th"ir behavior in the
late war and as evinced by the pro
fessional skill and ability they dis
played in the work of supervising ves
sels under construction that they have
no odds to ask in that respect of the
naval officers of any powr-r.
"In short, the v.-hole naval policy of
Japan as represented to Americans by
the object lesson of the Kasagi is one
which nations far older in the. arts of
western civilization would do well to
emulate. Failure to emulate or keep
up with it may in the not distant fu
ture bring some of them to humiliation
and defeat.
"The principal dimensions, qualities
and armament of the Kasagi are as
follows: Length on water line, 374 feej
6 inches; breadth, 48 feet 9 inches,
depth, 30 feet 6 inches; draft, 18 feet 9
inches; displacement, 4900 tons; speed.
22M; knots. Armament: Two 8-incn
breech-loading rifles; ten 4.7-inch
rapid-fire guns; twelve 12-pounder
rapid-fire guns; six Hotchkiss rapiG
fire guns."
The ceremonial attendant upon the
launching of the ship will be exclu
sively in the hands of the Japanese
Minister, and the affair will be con
ducted in accordance with the customs
of the Japanese in such matters. On
the part of the Tramp Company there
will be no special provision for guests,
but the shipyard will be open to the
public at the time r,f the launching.
LOS ANGELES
NOW UP IN ARMS
Continued from Second Page.
grades encroaches upon these dimen
sions.
The distribution system as a whole
seems to be designed irrespective of
engineering rules and without the view
of obtaining the best results by the
aid of approved appliances. It is an
assemblage of various pipe systems
originally laid down with economic
propensities and without reference to
ultimate extension. From time to time
new sections of the city were added to
the nucleus thus obtained, and great
engineering skill, indeed, was needed
and brought to bear upon making and
maintaining such a large system as the
Cross-Section of a Gulch in the Klondike Gold Diggings.
Th- above rut was made from a sketch specially prepared by T. B. Corey of Seattle for The Call. It con
veys a more correct and comprehensive idea of the earth's formation in the famous Klc-nrlike gold fields than any
descriptive matter possibly can. The various gulches along and contiguous to the Yukon River lie in valleys from
200 to 8000 feet wide, between hills and mountains covered with light timber. It is of Blow growth, and ranges
from brush to 12 inches through. In summertime this timber Is cut and later used in thawing the gro-und to reach
bedrock. For every cord of wood used in the Klondike district the Canadian Government exacts a duty of 25 cents
per cord. Many claim owners are required to go two or three miles back in order to get this wood, which makes its
use quite expensive but a positive necessity.
When a prospector first commences work on his claim he tears off a layer of think moss from one to one and
a half feet deep. He then builds a fire and continues to thaw a layer of frozen muck and gravel which extends
in depth fr.»m two to thirty feet until the pay streak is reached. The hole being burned down, is usually from rive
to ten fe.n in diameter, and is continued through the pay streak from one to three feet deep and from two to 100
feet wide, until bedr.Tck te reached. During the winter the pay streak dirt is hoisted out. and when the snow thaws
in May and June plenty of water is afforded for the clean-up that brings fabulous wealth to the hardy prospector.
Bench claims are 100 feet square and 7 feet above high water.
For a number of years Mr. Corey was superintendent of the Oregon Improvement Company's mines in the
State of Washington. He has just returned from the Klondike district, where he secured a number of claims and
familiarized himself with the various land formations and streams In the upper Yukon basin.
present with such means at hand. Tt
is safe to assert that there is not in the j
United States at present another
water works system which tries to
accomplish so much as the Los An
geles water works system with such a
vast number of pipes of such vastly
disproportionate sizes.
The books of the water company show
a total of IT, CIS taps, of sizes from
half an inch to six inches. Out of ■
total of 8064 prates there are 2379— 0r 7T
per cent — of two-inch and three-Inch
brass stopcocks. There are no valve
boxes in use. There are 377 meters,
ranging from three-eighths of an inch
to three inches in diameter. There are
at present 535 hydrants, of which 339
werti found to be in good condition,
while 196 wore in bad order. Some of
these were found to be of no service
whatever. The indiscriminate use of
the hydrants for street sprinkling pur
i accounts for the large number
Of hydrants out of order. The require
ments for a complete hydrant system
fur the city Of Los Angeles are not less
' than 1600, against the pres- r.-
The efficiency of the present distri- '
bution system is forcibly illustrated by j
the fact that in all cases where two
and three Inch mains supply the needs
for any section of the city the pi
sure at the house taps is visibly dimin
ished and entirely cut off whenever
more than a limited number of such
taps are open at the same time. A re
liance upon a plentiful supply of water
for fire-extinguishing purposes is en
tirely precluded in Sttcfa places.
The reservoir system is of the mani
fold kind. There are seven reservoirs
listed by the water company, of which
but four are available. The rest were
discarded years ago, and indicate their
former usefulness by some remains, |
earthen walls, concrete debris, etc. The
storage capacity of these four reser- j
volrs is fifty-four and a half million
gallons when full, but only the Buena j
Vista and Beaudry reservoirs carry a '
full supply of eighteen and three-quar
ter million gallons. The new Bellevue
reservoir of thirty-five and a quarter '
million gallons' capacity is usually car- j
rying but one-third of Its capacity, and j
has never been subjected to a contlnu- j
ous stress and strain of its maximum
capacity sufficiently long to demon
strate its worth. The High Service i
! reservoir Is of simple earthwork con
! Btruction, is leaky and in bad order.
Moreover, part of the grounds is not j
owned by the water company, but is
leased.
The three power stations for elevat
ing the water from the low level to the
I high level reservoir are scattered about
the city, and are provided with a very
inferior class of boilers, engines and
i pumps. The East Side springs station
consists of a "Worthington steam pump
of about 225 gallons' capacity per min
ute, and a 40-horsepower stationary
! boiler. The boiler is in good condition,
j but the pump is badly in need of re
pairs. The station is not used at pres
ent, and the machinery is partly dis
mantled.
The Beaudry pump station contains
two 60-horsepower boilers, one of which
is in good condition; also one duplex
■W'.rthington Steam pump of one mil
lion gallons' capacity per twenty-four
hours. The pump is in fairly good
Shape. There are also a number of dis
mantled pumps out of use, lit only for
the scrap pile. The buildings are
wretched, tumbled-down wood shan
ties. The main station of the Buena
Vista reservoir is wc-11 housed in a con
crete and brick building, the machin
ery therein, as a whole, is serviceable.
but too small to answer any increased
demand. It is boing worked now to its
full capacity. It consists of two 60
horsepower boilers, one compound du
plex Wortliington steam pump, bought
second-hand from Nashville, Term.,
still serviceable, and one duplex power
force pump of two and one-third mil
lion gallons' displacement in twenty
four hours. This pump needs repairs
and general overhauling. There Is one
five-foot Pelton wheel with rope trans
mission to the power station. This
wheel is well housed and in good con
dition. A 14x30 single expansion Cor
liss engine completes the machinery
at this station. This engine has been
out of commission since the installation
of the Pelton wheel, is of an old pat
tern and of no particular value in con
nection with an improved form of sub
stantial water-works machinery.
Collectively speaking, tho entire dis
tribution system shows a want of
unity. Single features have been
| added successively, never with any re
| gard as to a pro-arranged plan, but
evidently as a makeshift, serving the
best it can during the time being.
The main source of r.upply is drawn
from what is termed "Crystal Springs,"
distant about five miles from the
' Buena Vleta street reservoir and con
nected thereto by means of a conduit
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANTTATIT IT, 189 S.
■which Is partly a tunnel, brick conduit
and wooden flume, aggregating a
length of 26,000 feet.
A newly constructed, wrll planned
and faithfully executed • ngin
eering work Is the branch tunnel and
bride conduit leading from the former
tunnel to the new Bellearue reservoir.
The length of the Fame is I
An open ditch, partly flumed, 2t,700
feet in length, brings tho water from
the Los Angeles River to the Pelton
•wheel.
Nothing can be said In favor of its
construction; its value is nominal, the
flumes thereof are rotten; the carry
ing capacity is taxed to overflowing;
it needs constant repairs and is there
fore a constant source of expense. The
right Of way for these conduits are, to
a j-T'-at extent, of more than doubtful
value. The rleht of way obtained by
the company follows a sinuous lir..\
adapting itself to the topography of
the land at the time of selecting these
routes, while at the present time
Humes, tunnels and conduits follow, in
many instaiu -it routes, di
verging as much ■ I either to
the right or left of the right Of way
obtained for the same. In one in
■ th- T" la BO ri^ht of way ob
1 for a tunnel Of ov» r i
h; in other Instances it a
that permanent water rights are glv< n
by the water company to adjoining
land-owners in exchange for such right
i of way.
The rights to develop water are a
mooted question. The city of Los An
geles is at present preparing for the
final struggle In the courts to deter
mine the value of the so-called "Cry
stal Springs" property. It is not in
tended to prejudice this case now or
to anticipate the results of such legal
Investigation. A recital of the facts
anparent to any one visiting the locali
ties, however, may be of Interest in
this matter at the present time.
The water company is entitled to the
use of ten miners' Inches of water
out of the Los Angeles River, ac
cording to the terms of the con
tract with the city, made thirty
years ago. The water company uses
to-day about ISOO miners' inches for
the domestic water supply, as well
as for power to operate their pumps.
The difference of IT9O miners' inches is
supposed to be developed on their
grounds called, euphoniously, "Crystal
Springs." Thr-se "springs," being the
head works of the water company, are
located on land adjacent to and partly
beneath the bed of the Los Angelei
River. The head works cover fifty-four
acres of ground, four acres of which
are owned by the water company,
while the remaining fifty acres are
leased land.
Two lines of 24-inch percolation pipes
laid in the ground, running partly par
allel to the Los Angeles River and 400
feet distant therefrom and partly be
neath the river for a distance of nearly
800 feet, and two other lines of 16-inch
percolation pipes, distant about 2200
feet from the river, begin at the fmir
acre "Crystal Pprings" tract and Join
with the fir.^t line of pipes at the gute
house, from whence the water thus de
veloped discharges into the main con
duit leading toward the city.
How do these percolation pipes oper
ate?
The lines of pipes parallel to and be
neath the river necessarily gather their
water from the saturated sub-strata of
the river bed and drain the water from
the river. The lines of pipes leading off
"Crystal Springs" and being too :ir
away to be materially benefited by the
waters of the Los Angeles River, are,
however, artificially provided with
"spring" and "percolating water" by
means of an open ditch which, drawing
the surface water out of the river, do
posits such water in a wide, shallow
ditch immediately above the "springs,"
saturates the ground, furnishes the
percolating water In any quantity de
sired; a convenient entrance way to
these percolating pipes being provided
by moans of an open pit located on tho
four-acre "Crystal Springs" tract, into
which the Los Angeles River water
flows unhindered.
The following is a summary of the
water works system: The pipe system,
with the exception of all the cast iron
pipes and a few of the newer riveted
Steel pipes, is old, deteriorated and sub
ject to constant repairs and renewals.
Investigation proved a deficit of 46.3
miles of pipe in the water company's
schedule. The water works system
contains two good, serviceable and
well-located reservoirs, while :ill
the other reservoirs are neither
in size, location nor construc
tion fit for more than temporary
use, and need replacing by others. The
power stations are scattered over too
large a territory, and are poorly equip
ped and maintained. With the excep
tion of the Buena Vista plant, they are
too small and housed in poorly con
structed buildings. The machinery Is
old, has seen many years of service, is
of insufficient capacity, In need of re
pairs, and is serviceable only lor tem
porary use. The conduit leading the :
water from the headworks to the Belle
vue reservoir Is of ample size and good
construction. The Bu« Vista conduit
is also good and serviceable wherever
tunnel and brick and iron construction
is used. The present covered wooden
flume in connection therewith Is in bad
shape, and needs replacing by other ma
terial, brick or iron. The so-called
power ditch is too small, in poor con
dition throughout. The headworks at
"Crystal Springs" can furnish, by
means of the percolation system, un
der favorable circumstances, 650 min
ers' inches of river water, while, in ad
dition to this, approximately 1250 min
ers' inches of water are taken direct j
from the surface flow of the Los An- I
geles I liver. The darvanza headworks '
furnishes a supply too insignificant to !
| be considered, and the permanency of
which is doubtful.
In the foregoing the vital parts of the
water company's plant . have been
touched upon. Aji estimate was here
tofore pared by order of the City
Council, and careful surveys of all fea
tures of the plant and inspection of, the
water company's books and records, as
well as estimates, bids and offers from
I reliable business firms, were obtained,
and a summary of the estimate, as it
appears in the following abbreviated
form, can be substantiated at any time,
and new estimates made on the basis
j of ascertaining the true value cannot
i possibly vary 5 per cent either way:
Value Present
when .new. value.
; Value of Improvements.. $1,034,856
I Value of real estate 47,»t) 40.855
Value of right* to develop
water 6,: M 4.500
Value of riKhts of way... 6.&1K 6.520
Value of reservoir cites.. 4,&i0
10 per cent Incidentals,
etc 124.303 103.454
Totals J1.432.J42 $1.1W.6ii
The sum of $1,190,605 was offered by
the city to the water works company
for the acquisition of the plant.
The present owners derive a yearly
income of over $440,000, and the maxi
mum yearly expense account for main
tenance does not exceed $100,000. The
company probably rates the value of
their plant upon a revenue basis, while
| the city of Los Angeles rates the value
of the plant upon the specific contract
clause which prescribes a valuation on
improvements made by this company
upon the mother plant owned by the
city originally, and turned over to the
; company at the beginning of their thir
ty years' franchise. Hence the differ
ence in valuation. Respectfully,
1 ERNEST ABS HAGEN, C. E..
Loa Angeles.
VERY RELUCTANT.
The People of Los Angeles Slow
About Being Bled For Al
most Tv-o Millions.
Now, with this showing of statistical
data before them, is it to be wondered
that the people of the city of Los An
geles decline to pay $3,000,000 for the
plant .-f the City Water Company?
Be it understood that the taxpayer!
and citizens generally .ire ready and
will gladly g-ive to the water company
a fair and equitable price for their
property.
But it Is apparent that they do not
intend to be bled. Nor will they be led
like lambs to the slaughter.
The public servants who betray them
and who accept bounties in order that
they may advance, us private individ
uals iis Hprainst the municipal welfare,
will be gibbeted by public opinion.
The fact that the syndicated local
press falls absolutely In its duty and
tl to criticise the weak, vacil
lating and Inefficient councllroen who
arc delaying the settlement and adjust
ment "f this vital question will not
Rave them from popular contempt.
They will be marked men in the fu
ture, and wherever they go they will be
known for the treachery of which they
have not as yet been found guilty, but
which has been alleged against them,
and for which they are now on trial.
They can yet clear themselves of the
taint which rests upon them, and In a
very easy and simple way.
First— The criticism of the syndicated
trio of Journals must be overlooked.
B "nd — The negotiations with the
water company should be conducted In
a manly way, as if business, and noth
ing but business, was intended, and
with a view not to procrastinate but
to bring about a result.
The manner In which negotiations
have thus far been carried on with
the water company has plainly Indi
cated to the people the purpose of those
Counctlmen, Who have clearly shown
that they were laboring assiduously to
complicate an already complicated
r,uf stion.
There remains but little over five
Bhort months when the contract ex
l'ir.s. The battle that Is to be waged
from now on is one of vital importance,
find upon the outcome the future of
tli ■ < ity depends to a large extent.
The time has a^ain come for citizens
to take their coats off and enter the
lists in their own behalf. From the
local press neither aid nor correct in
formation can be expected. The in
fluence of the corporation is great, and
its pv.pporters are thoroughly fortified
behind strong bulwarks. The people
can win if they unite and work to
gether. Will they do so?
HOW CHILE
WAS QUICKLY
CALLED DOWN
Diplomatic Acts Are
Disclosed by the
Archives.
Negotiations Made Rela-
tive to the Settlement
of Claims.
Threat of Giving Moral Sup
port to Argentina Was
Made.
BUT SITUATION CHANGED.
Then It Was That the Llttla South
American Republic Was
Brought to Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The ex
clusive announcement in the Herald a
few days since that the conference for
the settlement of all outstanding claims '
•n Chile and the United States,
negotiated by Mr. Olnoy and pent to
the Senate last winter, had myster
iously failed and lapsed by limitation
because of the failure of the Senate to
sanction the matter, has caused no lit
tle commotion in diplomatic circles.
The conference had as it.s purpose the
revival of the tribunal of 1^93-94, and
the sum involved amounted to more
than $3,000,000. The proposed tribunal
was to adjudicate and settle among
other claims that of the South Ameri
can Steamship Company of Valparaiso
against the United States for detention
and seizure of the steamer Itata in
Chilean waters in 1593. On a point of
law the former commission held in fa
vor of the claimant company, and it
has been intimated that owing to cer
j tain possible contingencies arising out
of our present relations with Spain it
j was deemed desirable by the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations that
the question of liability for pursuit,
seizure and search at sea outside of the
national jurisdiction be left open for a
time.
Behind the whole subject there is an
interesting train of events disclosed by
the secret archives of the State De
partment now made public. The origi- '■
nal conference for the settlement of!
mutual claims was made through the
of Mr. Foster, Secretary of State,
during the last year Of Mr. Harrison's
administration. At that time, the re
lations between Chile and Argentina
-trained, and Mr. Foster touk ad
vantage Of this, leading the Santiago
nment t«> believe that were th-
United States not appeased its moral
support might be given to Argentina.
Benor Errasuris, Minister of Foreign
Relations of Chile, acceded to Mr. Fos
ter's invitation to arbitrate all pending
claims. The conference was signed in
Santiago on August 7, 1892, by Mr.
Egan on behalf of the United States
and by Senor Errazuriz on the part of
Chile. I'nder its terms ratifications
to be exchanged at Washington
within six months.
The State Department received, in
January. U9S, secret information that
though the Chilean Congress and the
powers to exchange ratifications had
k . n drafted and signed by the Presi
dent, the papers were pigeon-holed in
the Santiago foreign office. Mr. Foster
cabled to the legation In Santiago to
inquire about the matter. Assurances
were given that the papers would go on
the next steamer. A few days later
Mr. Foster was advised that they had
missed the steamer. Thus the treaty
would arrive too late for the exchange
of ratifications.
The situation was clear enough. The
relations between Chile and Argentina
were now pleasant and there was no
reason for completing the treaty. The
State Department sent an intimation
to «hile that ratifications must be ex
changed, treaty or no treaty, suggest
ing that proper powers be given the
Chilean Minister in Washington by
cable. The Santiago Government, re
alizing that its subterfuge had become
known, cabled thr desired powers.. The
form of exchanging ratifications was
gone through on January 24, though
two copies of the treaty and the pow
ers were not really exchanged until ten
days later. Out of courtesy to Chile the
correspondence was suppressed.
WAS STEAMING AWAY
WITH AN EXPRESS SAFE.
The Steamer Collided With the Wharf, and
a Strong-Box Fell Among Wreckage
on the Deck.
NEW YORK, Jan. I<!.— The steamship
Werkendam started to-day for Amster
dam wiht a safe owned by Wells, Fargo
The Werkendam was pulled out
from her pier in Hoboken this morning by
the tug Goodwin, which had to slacken
speed to avoid collision with a ferry boat.
The tow line slackened ami the werken
dam was wung by the tide Into the pier of
Wells, Fnrgo & Co. The bow crashed
through the piles and poked into the two
story building used for offices by the ex
press company.
A considerable part of the office furni
ture dropped into the water and a lot of
wreckage rested 'upon the deck of the
steamer.
The Werkendam backed out from the
wreck, and Captain do Vue. observing
that the steamer was not hurt, started
for Holland as fast as the screw would
turn. On the way down the bay the
•wreckage was cleared away from the
ship. Under the timbers and splinters
and curled up In corrugated iron was
found a safe Of Wells. Fargo & Co.,
Which hnd dropped from the office on the
wharf. Captain de Vue had no desire to
l>e regarded as- a pirate, so he hailed a
tug. lowered the safe aboard and sent It
to Wells, Fargo &. Co. with his compli
ments and regrets.
BRITISH VESSEL NEWLYN
AT A STORM'S MERCY.
Hawsers Part While the Disabled Steamship
Is Being Towed by Another
Craft.
QVEEXFTOWX, Jan. 16.— The British
steamer Gladys, Captain Dixon, which
arrived to-day from Baltimore, reports
that she met the British steamer Newlyn,
Captain Vow, from Swansea for Phila
delphia, on January 1, in latitude SI, long
itude 2»j. with shaft and propeller gone.
She towed her for thirty hours, when the
hawsers parted in Jieavy weather, and
sue was obliged to leave the Newlyn 420
miles from Faatnet. The Gladys' machin
ery suffered from tho stress of towing.
Ta Cure a Cold Irj One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln* Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It falli to cure.
Ko. The genuine has L. 13. Q. on each tablet.
DEATH OF
CHARLES P.
VILLIERS
"Father of the House
of Commons" Is
No More.
Celebrated His Ninety-
Sixth Birthday a Few
Days Ago.
Had Sat Continuously in the
Lower Branch of Parlia
ment Since 1835.
ACTIVE TO THE LAST.
His Memory Was Keen, and He De
lighted in Describing Events
of Long Ago.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Right Hon.
Charles Pelham Villiers, member of
Parliament from South Wolverhamp
ton and known as the "Father of the
House of Commons," having sat con
tinuously in the house since 1835, died
at 9 o'clock to-night.
Charles Pelham Villiers was the third
son of Hon. George Villiers. The Lon
don papers on January 4 said that on
the previous day Mr. Villiers celebrated
his ninety-sixth birthday and received
congratulatory messages from all parts
of the kingdom.
In addition to being the oldest mem
ber of the House of Commons he was
'•father of the English bar," being ad
mitted at Lincoln in .1^27. Mr. I
stone, seven years the junior of Mr. Vil
liers, entered Parliament two years be
fore him, but while the service of Mr.
Villiera at Westminster had been con
tinuous that of the great Liberal t=:
nun was broken when he retired
the House of Commons. Mr. Villiers
was returned for Wolverhampton three
I after the passage of the great re
act by th<- last Parliament of
rge IV. Besides being the oldest
member of Parliament he was the old
urviving parliamentarian candi-
It was in I<?2*>.1 < ?2*>. when George IV was
King and Victoria was a young child,
that he traveled down into Yorkshire
from London and contested Kingston
upon-Hull, under the reform banner of
Canning, though unsuccessful. In IS»3
he was appointed Judge Advocate-Gen
eral. In 1879 his admiring constitu
ents at Wolverhampton unveil. <l a
marble statue of Mr. Villiers, when
nea in eulogy of his public service
in connection with the anti-corn law
tnent were delivered by Earl
Granville and Sir Robert Peel.
Notwithstanding his extremely ad
vanced age his memory was singularly
live, and he was able to entertain
his friends for hours at a time with
lively and charming naratives of scenes
in the House of Commons during the
first half of the century. Canning had
lised away eight years before Mr.
Hers entered Parliament, but the
5 often met. He often went to the
use of Commons to hoar Canning
ak and he invariably described him
a wonderful orator.
imong the famous personalities he
ad recall and vividly portray were
• great Sir Robert Peel, Lord Mel
jrne. Lord John Russell, Lord Derby,
Lord Aberdeen, Lord Brougham, the
Duke of Wellington, Daniel O'Connell.
Hume, Grote, and of course, Disraeli.
He always delighted to recall the cir
cumstances in the House when Disra
eli, who was then quite a -young man,
made the celebrated speech in which
he paid that one day the House would
be compelled to listen to him. Among
interesting events which he witnessed
was the attack by the mob on the
House of t*he Duke of Wellington, and
early recalled the excitement over
the Duke's duel in a London suburb
with Lord Winchelsea, which arose out
of his lordship calling the Waterloo
hero a traitor in connection with Ro
man Catholic emancipation.
SHIPS FOR THE
ALASKAN TRADE
Five Vessels Supplied by the
Cramps Will Be Refitted
Throughout.
International Navigation Company
Organizes a Transportation Con
cern of Its Own.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 16.— The nego
tiations between the "William Cramp &
Sons Ship and Engine Building Company
and the International Navigation Com
pany for the purchase and sale of the
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania and
Connemaugh for the trade between the
Pacific Coast and Alaska, have resulted
in the International Navigation Com
pany deciding to organize a company to
be under its own management. The com
pany will be called the Empire Transport
ation Company, of which Clement A.
Grlscom will be president.
Cramp's shipyards are now busy thor
oughly overhauling these boats and refit
ting them with passenger accommoda
tions especially adapted for the Pacific
Coast-Alaska trade. They will be newly
furnished throughout and equipped with
all the modern conveniences for the safe
ty and comfort of the passengers. They
will be lighted by electricity,, well ventil
ated and have ample bath rooms and lav
atory accommodations. The cuisine will
be well-looked after, and to secure an am
ple supply of fresh meat and vegetables a
cold storage .plant will be installed. The
boats will be dispatched to the Pacific
Coast as soon as alterations are complet
ed. ■" ■-•'. v- •■: « : ~\ '*-
General Manager Iligbee of the Inter
national Navigation Company stated in
an Interview to-day that the fact that his
company had organized the Empire
Transportation Company indicated that
the organisation waa not likely to limit
its sphere of action to the Alaskan trade.
The officers of the International Navi
gation Company are now busily engaged
on plans for larger steamers to replace
the five boats withdrawn from their
North Atlantic service. The new ships
will be equipped with all modern im
provements and adapted to the require
ments of the traffic. They will be built
in this country, probably by the Cramps.
Vancouver's Mayor Dead.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 16.— Mayor
Templeton- died this afternoon from an
apoplectic stroke. Mr. Templeton waa
the third of Vancouver's mayors to die
a sudden death.
SLOW TORTURE
BEFORE DEATH
Marin County Stockmen
Arrested for Cruelty
to Animals.
Impaled Calves on Steel Hooks
Before Cutting Their
Throats.
The Poor Brutes Partially Prepared
for the Market While
Still Alive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 16.-A story of
almost inconceivable inhuman treat
ment to a dumb beast comes to-day
from Point Reyes station, and is
brought by Marshal John E. Creed of
Sausalito. Creed to-day journeyed to
Point Reyes with Dr. C. B. Case, sec
retary of the Marin County Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
and George Crandell to learn if the re
ports of cruel treatment to calves in
that section were true. Marshal Creed
returned from Point Reyes to-night.
He had placed under arrest Thomas
Irving, Thomas Marshall and Quinto
Codono for cruelty to animals. The
men were released and warrants will
be forwarded from this place to-mor
row or Tuesday, when they will be for
mally brought before a Justice of the
Peace. ,
Some time ago word reached the or
flcers of the Marin County Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
that calves were being strung up alive
in the northern part of Marin County.
and, while hanging from steel hooks,
their throats were cut and their en
trails removed. What the officers found
to-day fully confirmed the reports.
Marshal Creed said:
••We visited the slaughter house to
which the cattlemen bring their ani
mals. Every Thursday and Sunday the
animals are killed, and to-day at S
o'clock they commenced. I never wit
nessed anything more cruel in all mv
life Tom Irving, acting in the employ
of ' Marshall & Codono, grabbed the
I and one after another, hung
them up on the hooks, heads down
ward, the sharp Bteel penetrating their
They bellowed and kicked with
"We waited to see no more. We or
dered the men to take the suffering
creatures down, and they complied im
mediately. It is the custom to hang
thirty or forty live calvos up in this
way and then, after they have been
hanging with their -throats exposed, to
sever their necks one after another,
until the last one is dead."
Dr. Case, the secretary of the society,
reiterated Marshal Creed's story. He
said that they had seen Dr. Cavenough.
the health officer at Point Reyes, and
the doctor said that it was the cleanest
method of billing calves that h? had
ever seen. The physician was surprised
that the officers could see anything
cruel in the proceeding.
Dr. Case telephoned from Point Reyes
late this afternoon to District Attorney
E. B. Martinelli and received instruc
tions from that official in regard to
procedure in the matter of the arrests.
Prominent Men on the Jury.
TRENTON. N. J.. Jan. IC— One of th^
most notable Orand Juries ever drawn in
the United States District Court for tho
Distri< t of New Jersey is that which will
he- sworn in on Tuesday at the opening
of the January term. The panel will in
clude several millionaires, among them
Georpe J. Gould, an ex-United States
>r. four Mayors and several other
persons of prominence.
Three Commit Suicide.
•pTETV YORK. Jan. 16.— William P. Mor
rison, a stock broker. Committed suicide
Into to-night at his home In this city by
hanging. Bertha Alcncier. 30 years old. a
waitress, committed suicide to-day by
swallowlnp carbolic acid. Sipmund Pol
itzka. 17 years old, a bookkeeper, died to
day from carbolic acid poisoninp. and is
su ppos.Ml to havp cmmitted suicide.
MANLINESS is the greatest boon in
■I* the world. • It is far better to be full
of fire than to have much money. It
is better to have vim than it is to own
property worth hundreds of dollars.
Great and grand manhood is a thing
to be admired the world over and by
every one. Are you a man or are you
A TTEMPT to find out. If you are
■**• afraid of being: in other people's so-
ciety, if you blush, if you have drains,
if you have bad dreams and night
sweats — you can be sure your system is
debilitated. There is a leak somewhere,
you must stop it or you will soon be no
man at all. You can stop it, too!
NEVER give up hope. "Hudyan," the
great remedio-treatment of the
tat all. Institute, will most certain-
TER give up hope. "Hudyan," the
reat remedio-treatment of the
sonian Institute, will most certain-
ly make a full man out of you and will
give you back all your tire, your vim.
and your fine sense of perfect manhood.
"Hudyan" is prompt in its action al-
ways. It is wonderful in its power andp
strength. '
TJELP is as certain as that the sun will
■Tl rise to-morrow. "Hudyan" makes
its effects felt at once. Its cures will
-ise to-morrow. "Hudyan' makes
effects felt at once. Its cures are
permanent! And they have been made
all over this continent and in Europe
as welL To find yourself once more a
perfect man, and no longer half a man,
is worth an effort. Make it now!
ONLY write and ask for free circulars
and the most convincing testimo-
nials showing what it has done for oth-
ers. They will not cost you one single
cent, and will save you years of suffer-
ing. Ask for free medical adivce, too,
and the, best in the land is yours for
the asking. But write or call to-day.
OFTEN a man finds that his hair 19
getting thin and that he has tiny
ulcers in his mouth. And then again,
he finds lumps in his throat. These are
aii due to blood taint of some kind. If
you see either of these symptoms write
at once for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars and testimonials. Quite free.
DESPAIR never helped a cure, so you
can hope. "30-day blood cure" is
sure to make you well and strong. It
does not matter whether your case is hi
its primary, secondary or tertiary
stage. The cure is just as certain. And
don't forget that all circulars and tes-
timonials are free as air to you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francisco.BOUND TO
A TREE AND
MURDERED
Little Percy Lockyar
the Victim of a
Boy Fiend.
Body of the Child Found
at the Bottom of a
Creek.
Pierced by Knife Wounds and
the Skull Crushed in by
Heavy Blows.
THE GUILTY LAD IN JAIL.
Had Soupht to Emulate the "Heroes"
of Trashy Literature of the
Day.
Special Dl-patch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 16. - The
body of five-year-old Percy Lockyar,
Is believed to have been mur
dered on Friday night by 15-year-old
Samuel Henderson, was to-day found
ir. the bottom of "ReddieV Creek, at
Fixth and Catharine streets, and there
poems little doubt in the minds of the
police that young Henderson is guilty
of the crime. H-^ is now locked in a
cell at police headquarters. Th<> body
of th« child, wh^n found, was weighted
by two heavy stones, one about his
neck and the other around his ankles.
Hla skull was crushed la and there was
a knife thrust just above the heart and
similar wounds on his breast, side and
forehead, while on one side- of his face
was a long cut extending from below
the eye to the chin.
from what th^ police have been able
to learn, the crime seeuta to have been
one of the most horrible character,
and. if all details are true, it stamps
young Henderson as v degenerate of
the worst type. Testerday after his
arrest, he admitted a knowledge of the
knife thrust, but said that it was due
to the child accidentally running
against an open knife. Henderson be
came alarmed at this, he said, and
threw the body into the creek. To
day, however, when shown the muti
lated body of the child, he admitted
that he was responsible for the other
but he still persisted th^t
11 a an accident.
Thf ' poli •■ it was a planned
murder in which the guilty one pur
posed ending the life of another small
boy, Willie Addison, aged seven years.
Henderson, it is claimed, has * be.-n
reading trashy novels of the wild west
stamp, and has shown a desire to
the ""heroes" of those tales.
Th<=> police assort that Henderson ac
companied Lockyar and Addlson to
the woods, as he told yesterday, but
Instead of any accident happening to
either, Henderson tipd both children to
a tree. Addison broke away and ran
home. It was then, it is said, that
young Lockyar's murder was accom
; •1. Dr. Morten, the <"oroner's
physician, who explained the thrust
above the heart, said that it caused
the death of the little fellow.
The police searched for the body dur
ing all of last night, and it was not
until after daylight this morning that
it was found. Henderson will be
given a hearing to-morrow morning. A
fact that has come out in connection
•with Henderson's alleged crime is that
his father, John D. Henderson, was on
trial before Judge Reed in October.
• harged with killing a man named
Christopher Nelson. The killing was
the outcome of a quarrel. Henderson
■when arraigned pleaded guilty to m;_i-
Blaughter. He was remanded for sen
tence, but some time later it was
shown that the death was largely ac
cidental and there was no murderous
Intent. H" was admitted to bail and
is now a free man.
GENERAL BOOTH AND HIS
SON CONFER TOGETHER.
Agree to End Public Controversy Between
the Armies of Which They Are
Leaders.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— After an inter
view between General William Booth of
the Salvation Army and Commander
Balling Booth of the Volunteers of
America "this afternoon at the Windsor
Hotel, the following statement was given
out by those who witnessed the inter
view:
"General William Booth and Com
mander Ballinglon Booth to-day at the
Windsor Hotel met in the presence of
Rev. Dr. Josiah Strong and Rev. Charles
Cuthbert Hall. The Interview was purely
as between father and son. Nothing
transpired calculated to lead to any
amalgamation of the two movements. It
was agreed that all public controversy I
In the press or otherwise between the ■
two movements should, as far as possi
ble, come to an end.
"Josiah Strong, Charles Cuthbert
Hall."
BUILT VESSELS FOR DUTY
DURING THE CIVIL WAR.
Death of Jacob 0. Neafie, Head of the Ship
Making Concern Bearing His
Name.
PHI I. A PET. PHI A. Jan. 16.— Jacob O.
Neaiie. president of the Neafle & Levy
Ship and Engine Building Company, died
of heart failure at his home In this city
this al The concern operates a
large plant on th.' Delaware Ki\<-r front.
In thin city, having established the bust
n i-11 under t lie nasai of th<- Penn
sylvania Iron Works. 1 Hiring the Mexi
can war the firm built a number of ves
sels for the Government, and while th
i lllon lasted It constructed
•s for 120 Government ships, some
of them the largest In the service.
Mr. Neafle was born December 25, 1815,
In Monmoutb County, N. J.
Withdrawal of the Eight-Hour Demand.
LONPON. Jan. 16.— The nfnVial en-
I • -' joint committee has notified thn
Employers' Federation of the with
drawal on behalf of the men of the eight
hour demand.
Lieutenant Turney Escaped.
CALCUTTA. Jan. 16— The report of the
escape of Lieutenant Turney. of the Brit
ish survey party, recently attacked by
tribesmen in the province of Mekran, Be
lucniatan, is confirmed
Serious Floods in Spain.
MADRID. Jan. 16.— There have been
serious floods near Valencia, capital of
the province of that name, and thirty
houses have collapse^.
WEDDED ON AN
OCEAN WAVE
Sausalito Justice Conducts
a Marriage Service
at Sea.
Between His Sea-Sick Spells
He Makes a Couple Man
and Wife.
Mary Campbell and M. S. Seibert
Evade the Divorce Lawa of
the State.
Special Dlsrateh to The Call.
SAITSALITO. Jan. 16.— There was a
romantic marriage on the hiph seas to
day, and Justice Rellrude of Sausalito,
who has grown gray In service on the
bench, officiated and a stranj?er scene
was never witnessed. The Justice long
since passed the half-century mark,
and though he once could withstand
the rolling of old ocean, the peculiar
sensations of the sea now affect him.
To-day the Justice suddenly pave way
to his feelings as he was performing:
the ceremony th;it made a love-rick
couple man and wife.
Mary Campbell had been the wife of
a man named Burns and had procured
a divorce from him last December.
Then Mary Campbell, who preferred
her maiden name for reasons best
known to herself, fell in love with ML
S. Seibert, whose residence is on Sec
ond street in the metropolis, and the
grew apace as the days went by.
Both resolved that the law which the
Legislature had framed to the effect
that people who had been divorced
could not marry within a year was "
bit of foolishness. To circumvent it
they decided to brave the ocean's
wrath and the law's also, and so they
came to Sausalito and hired the swift
tug Gazelle from Charles Forrest and
put to sea.
It was 12.30 o'clock to-day when the
tug, with the party on board, s.'t out.
In the party were Mary Campbell, the
bride-to-be; M. S. Seibert, the happy
groom; Justice J. S. Bellrude of Sausa
lito, and H. Nelson, the engineer and
captain of the little tug. over the
bounding waves, through the Golden
Gate and to a point far beyond the
three-mile limit, the little tug swept.
To the surprise of all the Justice grew
sick at heart and the luncb he partook
of before he left the peaceful port took
occasion to distress him mightily.
When the captain believed he had
reached the limit of the l*nit"d States'
jurisdiction he informed the little party
and the ceremony of Joining Campbell
and Seibert in holy wedlock was per
formed. Justice Bellrude opened his
mouth and commenced to utter the ste
reotyped words and the couple stood up
in the rocking boat to hear , when sud
denly in the middle of the service the
Justice experienced an attack thai left
him speechless. He tried hard to resist
the ocean's tempest but failed, and in
fits and starts performed the ceremony.
When it was at last over, and Sausa
lito was again reached. the Justice
thanked heaven and pocketed his fat
fee, while the happy couple lost them
selves in the crowd.
STRAINED RELATIONS OF
CHILE AND ARGENTINA.
Recent Diplomatic Disclrsures That Tend to
Increase the Possibilities of War.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Little
surprise is expressed in diplomatic cir
cles at the announcement that Argen
tina and Chile are on the verge of war.
The friction between the two govern
ments has been recently very great. It
is known here that the hostile attitude
of Argentina toward Chile in 1892, In
offering the United States permission to
use Its territory for warlike purposes
against Chile, became known to the
Chilean Government only very recently,
and the latter, it is said, has excellent
information concerning the whole af
fair. The history of the intrigue was
told in the Herald of Monday last, and
caused something of a sensation
among the Latin-American diplomats.
The Chilean Government is Incensed
j over the disclosures, and it is believed
j when the facts r«-ach the Chilean pub
lic the situation may become even more
i grave.
Minister Gan, the diplomatic repre
i sentative of Chile in Washington, could
: not be seen ta-night, but his son told
me that his father had no advices that
; Chile was preparing to go to war with
, Argentina, and did not believe the re
| port. The State Department has been
informed, however, that the relations
between Chile and Argentina have been
mu^h strained, and no surprise would
. be felt If war should result.
YOUNG DORA CLAY
RETURNS TO WHITEHALL.
Her Aged Husband Is Much Affected Upon Re-
ceiving Her, and Exclaims, " Thank
God, They Have Not Killed You!"
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— A special to the
Herald from Valley View, Ky., snys:
Dora Clay was unable to walk to the
home of her husband. General <"asslus
If. clay, yesterday, and, after going a
short distance, returned to the h< •
!i«-r slst>r. Mrs. Mary Kelly, Where She
remained all night under guard of her
brothers, John and Tom. She walked
across the fields, nearly a mile, to the
home of Squire J. M. lfastln, to-da] .
and, although he refused to let her bave
a horso yesterday, she again Importuned
him. The sjuire, not having heard any
more of Olell Richardson, could not r<-sist
the pleadings Of the girl-wife, who was
so anxious to go ar ' see her husband,
and he loaned her one of bis best bones
She told him she would return It to
night.
.lim Lltterell, one of General Clay 'a
>ilr'<i men. says Dora arrived -it White
hall this afternoon In company with her
brother, Will Richardson, who had been
driven off the place by General Clay and
wlio had been accused by him v/lth try
ing to k"fp Dora away. The general wan
greatly affected when ne saw his child-
Wife and exclaimed "Thank God, they
bave r.ot killed jrotL"
Clell Richardson had not been seen
around his house to-day, and one of hla
neighbors think he has c.t for parts
unknown.
FIVE THOUSAND SOCIALISTS
ENGAGE IN A DEMONSTRATION.
Ominous Rumors of Trouble That Is Brew-
ing in Hungary and Bo
hemia.
VIENNA. Jan. 16.— Five thousand so
cialist workmen made a demonstration
turn 10-day in front of the Rathaus t»
cause Dr. Lucger, the burgon
forbidden them to hold a meeting In the
building. The police dispersed then
made several arrests. Then- arc ominous
rumors of trouble in Hungary and r.u
hemia. The Agrarian socialist movement
in Hungary is serious, especially in the
Bzabolche district, where the land owners
are menaced.
THE SAX FTCAXCTSCO CAIX, MONDAY, JA\FAT?Y IT, IS9B.
VICTIM OF THE GENOA LYNCHERS.
Adam Dber was taken from the Genoa, Nev., prison on the nipht of
December 6, and, after having been brutally tortured, was hanged to a tree
by the roadside and his body- riddled with bullets. The spot where the
lynching occurred is two miles from the jail, and Über was compelled to
walk this distance through the snow while almost naked. He was pound
ed with clubs, and, it is said, one Of his eyefl was gouged >ut. I><uiKlas Coun
ty's Grand Jury is now Investigating the traj :': '- lp probable that
the members of the m<>b will be Im'.-
Übers crime was the killing of Hans Anderson In a (lardnervllle saloon.
Über, while Intoxicated, asked Anderson to "stand treat,*.' and attacked
Anderson when he refused. He was knocked down, and from his position on
the Door fired the shots that ended Anderson's life.
The likeness of the lynched man here pr< sented was reproduced from the
only photograph of him In existence.
GODS' PENALTIES
SELF INFLICTED
Dr. Jordan of Stanford on
the Cause of Human
Misery.
Man Prone to Selfishness and
Disregard of the Laws
of Right.
"Carries in His Own Breast the Key
to Hits Own H»Hven or His
Own Hell."
' Dlspatr-h to The Tall.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 1&
The announcement that Dr. Jordan
would deliver this morning's sermon
overcrowded the cfa&pe] with students,
who were desirous of learning mm-.- of
their 's religious views. The
subject Of the sermon was "The Hu
man Reaction." Pr. Jordan prefaced
his remarks by saying:
"Lincoln once said that he would
walk one thousand miles to Join a
church which believed In God and hu
manity. As a humble member, it may
be, of some such church I would speak
to you."
He first showed how the tendencies
to worship humanity arose In the rev
elations of power that made for right
eottsncss and come to us from the lives
and acts of other men, who were the
sons of God incarnate in the human
flesh and a part of our common hu
manity. The reason that men had
never been content to worship human
ity as God was ascribed to the
that they recognised a larger responsi
bility than thai Of man.
"Man," he said, "the last of the ani
mal creation on earth, is not the first
cause of his own creation. He can
claim no credit for his own deveVop
nn-nt. Man, therefore, cannot worship
himself. He knows that whatever he
does of goodness or of wisdom was
good or wise before he did it; that .L"">d
or wise action on his part is but fol
lowing in liti" with the great tendeni les
and purposes In the universe which ex
ist'-ii before man, and by virtue of
which man came to exi^t. It is not the
work Of humanity but of Qod in hu
manity, and this only can man wor
ship."
After speaking of how slow p
were t<> recognise that nature had her
own laws and purposes and that she
was not the executor of human justice,
he added:
"We smile at the sealous clergyman
who tin diets the destruction of San
Francisco by material earthquakes, be
cause ( .f her moral and political delin
quencies. We stand aghast at tli" bias
phemy of the clergyman in Pittsburg
who found in the death of a fireman,
in a burning storehoui ■ In Chicago, ■
punishment for the opening of tl.
position on Sunday. God's penalties
are self-inflicted, for the forces that
punish sin are innate in the heart of
nan. Every man carries in his own
breast the key to his own heaven or his
own hell.
"Much <>f human misory," hp contln
u« <1. "comes from th<- belief that nature
owes us ;t living; that somehow or
other who "UL'in to make an exception
in our favor. Most rascals consider
themselves privileged characters. The
laws <>:' ri;;ht were intended, for some
one else.* 1
The spirit, he believed, that made
each nation think Itself tin- favored <>f
Qod and each little sect "f Chrtsttans
advance its claims of on soil <<r an
other to the true apostolic success loii,
was a phase of human selfishness.
"Man," he said, "projected his little
epoism out on the face "f nature."
Prayer, he thought, was th<- expies
sion of what might be called "human
reaction"— the force which caused man
to resist gravitation, which pulled
man toward th" ground. In conclu
sion, he said, "Right and wrong exist
in human conduct. All Hse in the uni
verse is merely truth. Thus it may be
In the universe. God is truth, while
within man Cud is love, and love and
truth ;ii: b and ri^ht are at
c and Indivisible."
LOGAN CARLISLE SUDDENLY
SUCCUMBS TO HEART FAILURE.
Son of the Ex-Secretary of the Treasury
Passes Away After a Brief
11/ ness.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Logan Carlisle,
chief d.>rk of the Treasury Department
during (Tii] icinii:iistr:ition,
died suddenly to-daj at th>> home of his
father, John < ; ex-Secretary of
the Treasury. ( ; m In poor health
for m<T<- than b y< it, and recently bad
returned from i ■ search for re
lief at Hot Springs Five days si
was f< >r. •■•<! to take to his bed, but his
• 1 alarming
until th.s afterno m. Fh« cause of death
rlisle was born In <"ovineton.
Ky.. ■ Uld was irraduat.d from
the University <>f Virginia. He prs
law in Kentucky and later removed to
Wichita, Kan. He t In politics,
illy in the campaign of 1892. He
■ cl«-rk i!i the <!■
ment ii; March, ivx He held -hat posi
tion until after the Inauguration of Presl-
McKlnley. Last month Mr. «'ar
llsle came to New York and Joined his
father's firm.
Arrangements for tils funeral have not
The body will be taken
to Covlngton for burial.
LEO'S ENCYCLICAL ON THE
MANITOBA SCHOOL QUESTION.
Priests in the Churches of Six Dioceses
Read the Message From Rome
to Their Flocks.
Mi ■iN'THRAT., Jan. It— The Pope's cr
il on the Manitoba school question
was r- ad tO-day in all the churches of the
diocese of Montreal, Three ktv.-rs. Bber
brook.-. St. Hyadnthe, Chlcoutimi and Hi
niouskl. Art bblshop Bouchesl of M
real, In causing t!.'' encyclical t-> be pro
mulgated, had it iccompanled simply by
a short l<-t t .-r recommending it to the
careful consideration of the faithful, id
also caused to be read the pastoral issued
Sunday by Mgr. Bogin, coadjut
the cardinal an hi shop of Quetx .-.' Bishop
La Fleche <>f Three Rivers did lik<
a:i<l In a pastoral letter of his own urged
ills flock to continue in their endeavors to
have the rights oi the Catholic minority
in Manitoba restored t.. |
OUTLAW MATT FREEMAN
ESCAPES FROM HIS CELL.
Last of the Zip Wyatt Gang of Cutthroats
Breaks Frcm an Oklahoma
Prison.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Jan. 16.— Matt Free
man, the* last of the old Zip Wyatt gang
of outlaws, escaped from jail at Taolga,
Friday night. it was learned to-day, for
the second time in a year. Freeman and
his wife formerly conducted a ranch in
the Glass Mountains, and it was the head
quarters for the gang. Mrs. Freeman was
Wyatt'a most trusty lieutenant. One
tin-.' the gang was besieged for a week
by deputy marshals. She rode the pant
let of their bullets and escaped to bring ■,
re-enforcements and ammunition. Later
she was captured and spent a year in
the federal fail here. She was converted
while In jail and Is now traveling as an
evangelist.
DR. JORDAN UNRUFFLED.
Declines to Answer the Personalities in Re
gent Reinstein's Attack.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 16.— '
President Jordan wu seen to-day re
garding the attack made upon him by
■ Instein of Berkeley. He said
that the facts which he stated in his
speech made "ii bis retirement from the
presidency of th« Academy of Sciences
needed no def<
••California." he said, "does lax lnstl- :
tnti«.ns of this kind in a ridiculously
heavy way. U i ; not the fault <>f the
people but of the constitution."
In his belief, such Institutions earning
no income shoald be free from I
Concerning the personal part of r
ins remarks, Dr. Jordan would
make no reply. _
Shot Down at a Dance.
LITTLB ROCK, Ark.. j : , n . 16.-At a
dance on tin- Falls plantation in ?>:
slppl County litst night a shooting affray
took place between the three sons of
Armlstead Phillips on me one sj !•• and
sons of Wright Ray on the other.
Two mi ;i were l Hied and two fatally
wounded, tin- casualties being equally
dlVld< '1.
Willard Beach Casino Burned.
PORTLAND. M-...T in. lt-.-Th.. Casino at
Willard Beacb, South Portland, the prop*
crty <>f the Portland and Cape Elisabeth
Railway < ompany, was desi
by tlrt- last night. A pavilion and restau
rant, thr property of C. J. Willard, were
also burned. The casino cost Jl.oou. Other
lossea on property were $75u0.
WOOS DEATH
IN DELIRIUM
Tacoma Belle Plunges
Into the Waters of
the Sound.
Rescued by a Longshoreman
While Being Carried Out
to Sea.
Handsome Bessie Anderson's Adven
ture Due to an Attack of
Fever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.— Miss Bessie An
derson, the belle of Tacoma, escaped
from her home last evening while de
lirious, went to the old Tacoma wharf,
two miles distant, and Jumped off Into
the bay. John Burns, a longshoreman,
heard the splash when she struck the
water. He called for help, got a rope
and plunged i n after her.v She had been
In the water nearly fifteen minutes
when he succeeded in getting a rope
ab<>ut her and rescuing her.
A strong ebb tide was running, and
Miss Anderson, who is an expert swim
mer, was paddling with her hands out
toward the sea when he caught her.
Her clothing, together with her pad
dling buoyed her up until help arrived;
otherwise she would not now be resting
easily at the Fannie Paddock Hospital,
with indications pointing to her speedy
recovery.
Miss Anderson was taken ill with
fever two weeks ago. Being of a strong
constitution, the fever made but slight
inroads, except to create In her an un
controllable desire to get out of the
house. This feature of her illness
caused a strict watch to be placed on
her by her mother and brother. On
Friday night the latter kept vigil over
his sist.r. ami more than onCe had
hard work to keep her in the house.
Early last evening he was in the draw
ing-room with her, when, upon the pre
text that she wished to speak to her
mi >t her, she left the room.
She had no soobj£T closed the door
than Mr. Anderson surmised her pur
pose, and, hurrying to the door, learned
that she had gone rut. Search was
Instituted, but proved unsuccessful
until, Just after he had notified the po
lice, a telephone message announced
Miss Anderson's rescue at Old Tacoma,
She was hurried to the hospital in a
hack. It is thought she had previously
determined to g" to the pound and
plunge in, probably belfevlng, In her
delirium, that that was the best way
to shake off the fever.
Miss Anderson is a daughter of Gen
eral Adna Anderson, deceased, a promi
nent officer of the Engineering: Depart
ment of the army during the Civil War.
She is a beautiful blonde of athletic
build, a leader at tennis, golf and ey
eliner, and has attracted attention In
New York society during her visits
there.
BO YS APPLY A MATCH
TO A COAL OIL SPRAY.
Gause the Burning of Two Thousand Barrels
of Petroleum and Other
Property.
WHEET.TNO, W. Va., Jan. 1-s.— Two
thoughtless hoys caused irr.-ar mischief by
applying a mutch to a spray of COSi oil
issuinK frcm a small aperture in the
Standard ( > i l Company's pipe lino from
Bisterville and Mannlngton to M.irßan
town. The pressure at that point was
Kinme. Soon th< burning sprny melted
the lead in the jointi I tl pipe, which
was six Inches in diameter.
Fifty acr< it and Held were soon
ablaze. Two small bridges and two barns
burned. -\il the "ii in ten miles of
n-inch pipe— nearly 8)08 barrels— was con
sumed. The engineers at Klk Hank dis
covered something was wr.'ti^; and
stopped pumping, else the damage would
h.i\ ■ ter.
That Scurvy-Stricken Crew.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— Another of the
scurvey-stricken crew of the bark I'aeto
lus died to-day. He was James O'Neill
and be died at the Hudson-street Hospi
tal. The first death was that of a Jap
anese sailor. Seven of the crew are at the
Marine Hospital -in Stat'-n Island suffer
ing from scurvy, but are paid to not be
in a serious condition. Still another of
the crew is at QoUvernoUT Hospital with
\h'- same dlseasi .
Hanna Called to the Capital.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Ja.n. 16.— Senator
Hanna left for Washington at 1:40 o'clock
this afternoon very, unexpectedly. His de
parture is said t<> have been brought
about by the receipt of a message urging
him to come to the Capital at once. It
is believed that the Hawaiian treaty will
ten up this week ami that his pres
■ iesired on that account.
Towed to Economize Coal.
BERLIN, Jan. 16.— The report that a
German man-of-war was disabled near
Perla arose from the fact that the
Deutsohland was towing the O«fion (both
of Prince Henry's squadron en route for
Chinese waters) in order to economize
coal, as the latter*! carrying capacity Is
small.
Coronation Fete Celebrated.
BERLIN, Jan. lfi.— Emperor William
celebrated the coronation fete to-day with
all the usual pomp and ceremony.
Suicide of Joel Putnam.
DANYF.KP. Mass., Jan. 10.— Joel Put
nnm. a retired shoe manufacturer, com
mitted suicide yesterday by shooting.
A PETER THE GREAT " BOOM."
We are about to witness the out
break of a boom on Peter the Great
similar to that which has raged for
some years round the person of Napo
leon. Sir Henry Irving, with all the
world open to him, has chosen a play
on Peter the Great written by his son.
with this drama the Lyceum season
will open in January. Professor Oscar
Browning is about to publish a life of
the inevitable Peter; and Mr. J. M.
Graham's historical novel, '"The Son
of the Czar," published by Harpers,
has already attracted considerable at
tention, and will certainly be widely
read, as it gives a powerful presenta
tion of Russian life at the most crit
ical epoch of Muscovite history. There
Is something significant in this renais
sance of Peter the Great. The smaller
States of Europe are vanishing, one by
one, and everything points to eventual
collision between the Teuton and the
Slav. In the meantime everything that
Holy Russia and the anointed person
of the Kaiser can do to magnify their
respective missions will certainly be
accomplished.— Harper's Weekly.
A Canadian sea captain has invented
an apparatus with which he thinks
whales can !>•> killed by electric shock.
A harpoon is fixed at the end of a lc-ng
metallic cable, propt-rly insulated, and
which serves in place of the usua! rope.
Through this cable an electric current
of 10.000 volts is to be sent by means
of a dynamo carried In the whaleboaL
ENTRIES FOR
TURF FIXTURES
Horses That May Start in
the Brooklyn Handi
cap This Year.
Forty-Six Siated for the Coney
Island Club's Suburban
Handicap.
One Hundred and Ten Stables Repre
sented in Nominations for
Stakes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— The follow! nR
are the entries for the Brooklyn Joc
key Club's Brooklyn handicap of $10,
000, to be run at the spring meeting,
one mile and a quarter:
Algol 4, Hen Brush .">. Hen Eder 5, Ben
Holliday 5, Box 4. Buddha 5, Hymn Mc-
Clelland 6, Caldron l. Don de Oro 4. Dr. j
Catlett 4. Dr. Shepard 4. Great Bend 3, j
Handball 3, Howard Mann ' [sador 4,
Lake Shore aged. Lehman aped. Lokl 5,
Lou Bramble 4. Macey 4, Meadowthorpe
4. Merry Prince 5, Michael 111 4. Mohegan
'•'■ Ogden i. On Deck 4. Ornament 4. Our)
Johnny 4. Plaudit 3. Premier 5. Previous
3, Royal Stag (imp.) 5, St. Bartholomew
4. Schiller 5, Semper Ego 5, Sensational 3,
Sly Pox 3, Typhoon II 4. Tillo 4, Trav
erser 3, Ulysses 5, Winged Foot "..
The other s'ak.-s closed with the fol
lmvinK numbers of entries:
I^'T tin Ida .md upward —
Brooklyn handicap (guaranteed), 42;
Brookdale handicap, 11000 added, 37;
Harkaway handicap, $1000 added, 43; '■
Myrtle stakes, $1000 added, 47; Patchogue
stakes, $1000 added. 53.
For three-year-olds— Broadway stakes,
$1500 added, t.~>; Preakness stakes (guaran
teed), 41; Falcon stakes. $1000 added, 43; !
May stakes, $1000 added, r.l.
For two-year-olds— Clover strikes (guar
ani 1), v:; Manhseti stakes (guaran
teed), 78; Hanover stakes, $1000 added,
75; Bedford Btakes, $i>hhi added, y 7.
Steeplechase and hurdle stake? — Greater
New York steeplechase handicap (guar-
KinsiriKton hurdle handicap,
Ided, 32.
The nominations for the Coney Is
land Jockey Club stakes for 1898 were
announced to-day. One hundred and
ten different stables are represented In
the nominations for the stakes that
closed on January in. and the total
number of entries for the eighteen
events is 575, as compared with 893
last year. The Flight, September, Flat
bush and Great Eastern stakes will
have a supplementary closing on July
18.
The Suburban handicap has forty-six
entries — exactly the same number as It
had In 1897. These are:
August Belmont's Don de Oro, 4; Merry
Prince. 5; St. Bartholomew, 4.
Bromle] & Co.'s On Deck, 4; Semper
[I, 4.
Roy Carruther's Howard Mann, 5.
W. A. Chanter's Caldron, 4.
.1. S. Curtis' Imp. Royal Stag, 5.
Marcus Daly's Ogden, 4; Isldor, 4; Scot
tish Chieftain, 0.
C. A. Dwyer"s Michael IIT. 3: Sly Fox. 3.
M. F. Dwyer's Ben Eder, 5; Handball, 3.
Easton A Larrable's Ben floUaday. S.
Charles Fleischmann's Sons' 1.-hman,
7; George K> en<
Foster Bros. 1 Counter Tenor, 6; Dr.
Shephard, 4.
J. O. Follansbee's Murrlllo. 3.
T. M. Greene's Fleischmann, 4.
B. a Hall's Buddha, l.
I>. R. Harknesa' Imp.. 4.
J. K. Keene's Ben brush, 5.
William Lalmb< I bs, 4.
J. E. Maddens Great Bend, 3: Plau
dit, :!.
J. H. Morris' Byron Me olland, 5.
J. J. McCafferty's Requital, 5.
J. A. McCormick's Peep o'Day, 5.
Mrs. McClelland's Maceo, 4.
Oneck stable's Sir Walter. 8.
Bydi Lokl, ", : Lou Rramble, 4.
i . T. Patterson's Ornament, 4.
Rogers & Rose's Tillo, 4.
J. w, Schorr & Sun's Algol, 4; Macy,
■i : M> adowt borpe, 4.
J. E. Segram'a Connoisseur, 6; Trage
dian, 4.
W. Showalter's Box 4.
Tunny Bros.' I 'r. Cattlett, 4.
The Dumber of nominations received
for the other stakes are:
June handicap. 36; Grass inaugural. 2S;
Pwift. 43; Spendthrift, 40: Great Trial.
86; Doable Event, 79; Zephyr, 7v Spring,
71; Juif . 66; Vernal, 94; Daisy, 7.i; Pansy,
56; Flight, 17; September, 1"; Autumn, 75;
Flatbush, 3u; Great Eastern. 44.
ELECTRIC IT Y THE WINNER.
Defeats Forget-Me-Not in the Coursing
Final at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. IS.— At the cours
ing moot to-day things pot pretty well
mixed before the final tie was run. It
looked at first as though it was a day
for the long-enders, but before long the
knowing ones sustained their judgment
hi giving l'itr odds and taking In the
small contributions of those who simply
boughi because it was cheap.
The winners in the run down were:
Electricity, Skylight, Reception, Gover
nor Markhnm. Promise Me, Forget-Me-
Not. Gill Edge and Flying Dutchman. Af
ter the first ties Electricity , Gilt Edge, For
get-Me-Not and Flying Dutchman were
still headed toward first money, but when
tli'- second tit s were finished Electricity
had retired <;nt Edge, and Forget-Me-
Not destroyed the hopes of the Flying
Dutchman.
When it came to the final Forget-Me-
Not led Into the pool DOS by two lengths,
hut when it came to the tost of speed in
the field trial Electricity reversed the or- I
der of things and won handily.
No finer lot of hares was ever turned
loose, and. while the weather was a bit
crisp and the sod a little sticky, some
grand courses were run, and the large
crowd went home satisfied.
*
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
Two Stakes and Several Match Races De-
cided Before a Large Crowd.
"LOS ANGKI.ES, Jan. 16.— There is no
dimunltlon of the interest In coursing in
Los Angeles. On the contrary, a much
larger crowd than usual attended the j
races at Agricultural Park this afternoon,
at least 3800 people being In attendance.
A consolation purse of $50 was offered for
dogs which had never made a winning.
There were eight entries for tho sapling
stakes, aiul the puppies did good work.
The ground was In line condition after
the rain and tho .jacks were very speedy.
A special feature of the afternoon was
the race between the running horse
Prince Hooker and a tandem bicycle rid
den by W. H. Palmer m:d Fritz Lacy of
LOS Angeles. It was a close run, the
tandem keeping the lead for the first four
miles, hut the horse won by a good length
in the last quarter of the last mile.
In the sapling stake there were eight
entries. Maid of F.rin won first money,
with Rowdy second and Speedy Girl
third.
For the twenty-eight-dog consolation
purse, after the run-offs the ties re
sult. .1 ;i s f. illows:
First ties— Cyclone heat Palo Alto; .Tack
II beat Chandler; Tiger beat Frltx; Poker
Da via beat Lemo; Beauty Heat White
Chief; Harry beat Flora; General beat
Hettj < fen.
>nd ties— Jack II beat Cyclone; Tiger
beal Poker Davis.
After this the racing ceased for the day
on account of darkness, the remaining ties
and finals to be run off next Sunday
morning.
In addition to the regular programme.
I Tho Pcrfumo of Violets J
Tho purity of the lily, the glow of the rose./
and the flash of Hebo combine in Pozzoni'm
wondrous Powder.
there wore two mutch races, in which
much Interest was manifested. The first
was between Charles Spikers' Flying Jib
and J. yon Hacht's Monday evening, best
two in three. After t..e first heat, which
was wen by Flying Jib by a score of s—o,
Yon Hacht withdrew his dog, giving up
the race, as he was . ]• arly outclasssi d.
The second match race was between
Yon JJacht'a Monday Morning (formerly
l>nn Caster) ami Oscar Hinter's Trip.
This was the most exciting event of the
day, and much money changed hands.
Yon Hacht' s entry was one of the dogl
recently brought down from San Francis
co, and it was given <>nf that he was a
crackajack. The Yon Hacht dog won the
first heat by a Bcore of 12—4. Trip took the
second by a spore of ;i— :\. The third heat
resulted In a tie, 9—9;9 — 9; and in the run-off
Trip won by a score of 10 -3. Trip took
the next hoat and race by a score
of 5-0.
Dog Show in March.
SAX Jose. Jan. It— The Santa Clara
Valley Poultry and Kennel <'lui> to-day
decided to hold a dog show in this city
during the last week In March. The
State Collie Club will co-op. -rate with
the local dub. Several gun and other
clubs «'t' San Francisco have promised to
offer medals for competition prizes. An
exhibition of ladies' pel dogs will be one
of the features. Such special prizes will
be. offered as to attract entries from all
over the State.
Arranging a Chess Match.
NEW YORK, Jan. lfi.— The second
match for the United States chess cham
pionship between Harry X. Plllsbury of
N'.w York and Jacks. m W. Sho waiter of
Georgetown. Ky., is practically arranged,
the only detail undecided being- the loca
tion of the place where the game will be
played. The terms of the match are the
same as In the first contest at the Hamil
ton Club. Brooklyn. last February. th«
stakes to 1«> JIOOO a Bide and the first
winner of seven games to take the money
and title.
McCoy Challenges Fitzsimmons.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— Kid McCoy to
day challenged Fltssimmons to fight for
the heavy-weight championship of the
world, and has posted (1000 to bind a
match. He declares that he will fight no
one hut Corbett and Fitzsimmons, and
that he can d( feat either of them.
Test Game of Cricket.
ADELAIDE. South Australia. Jan. 16.—
In the test cricket mntch between the
Australians and the visiting Knplish
players (A. E. Stoddart's eleven), the
Australians are all out with a iitore of
573 runs.
NO PERMANENT CHANGE IN
MR. SHORTRIDGE' S CONDITION
Illness of the San Jose Editor Still Critical,
and There /s No Hope That He
Will Recover.
SAN JOSE, Jan. IR.— There was some
improvement durinp the day in the con
dition of Charles M. Shortridge, who is
at the Gllroy Hot Springs, but it was of
brief duration. The cause of his relapse on
Friday was the development of symptoms
.of typhoid fever, which, owing to his
weakened state, rendered his condition
alarming. Mrs. C. M. Shortridge and his
brother, Samuel M. Shortridge, are with
him.
Because the symptoms of typhoid fevi r
have developed the case is deemed hope
less. Mr. Shortridge being too much
weakened by illness to be able to stand
a long siege, which he would have to
underpo before recovering from an at
tack of typhoid. The attending physi
cian looks for a relapse and death, which
may occur within the next twenty-four
hours.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
I^natltin Counci lwlll jclve Its anniversary ball
In Native Sons' Hall on the 4t'n of February.
Council N'<>. 34 will, on the evening of the Ist
of February, listen to a lecture in Metropoli
tan Temj>le on "Christian Socialism," to ue
delivered by the Rev. D. J. Mahoney, S.J. This
council will celebrate Its anniversary by a
ball In Native Sons' Hall on the 10th of Feb
ruary.
A committee Is at worV arranereinß for the
proper observance of Y. M. !. Day, which falls
on the 'J2il of February. The dr-t;Uls have not
been settled yet, but there will \>c- literary
exercises In the afternoon In Metropolitan Tem
pi" and a ball in the evening in Native Sons'
Hall.
Tin- Institute will be represented in the-Gold
en Jubilee parade.
Gram) Secretary Stanley last wmk paid an
official visit to the council in FetHluma and to
the ..ne In Santa K.S.i ll found both in Ronii
condition, and at each place he was heartily
welcomi d.
The officers of Icnalinn Council were installed
by Qrand President Haskins last Thursday,
and after the Installation there were speeches
by the installing officer and others. John J.
O'Toole in the president and J. K. Coagrove re
cording secretary for the current term.
In South Africa there is a great de
mand for donkeys, as they are proof
against climate, plague and flies.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT, WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
— at —
737 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Organs of the body, which
have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness •of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
ous blood poison in any of Its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
Ladies will receive special attention for
all their many ailments. • WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
mail. He will also send you a valuable
book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. T.. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco." Cal. .
CLOSE ONE EYE and then THE OTHER 5
IF Y°U CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US. •
OPTICIANS -photo^suJues
x .Scientific Instruments $
~?r 642 Market St. ~'f
UNDttCHRCmiCU BUILDING^
g\ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
ffJsn Museum of Anatomy
I Pin \ 1551 " a2set ST. tot. 6th. * 7th, 3. P. CaL
L Si 8 The I.ar of Its kind iv the World.
I(PP?\ DR * JORDAN— Private Diseases.
|^Vr**Y}| Al Consultation free. TTrlta for Book
! V\l I ft Philosophy of Carriage.
j « « HAILED rnzt.
56
MONDAY. JANUARY 17, '898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ali Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towrj*
for 15 cents c weeK- By mail $6 per year; per montn
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by roall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rifcgs Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street. •orr>er Clay,
opeo until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
930 o'clocK. 621 MjoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
S o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleveoth St.: open until 9 o'clock, 1505 Polk street
cperj until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
arjd Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Thr> Man From Mexico."
California — "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar- ''A Man's Love" and "Forbidden Fruit."
Moroaco'a- The Blue and the (-lay. "
Tivoli— "Brian Burn."
Orphenm— Vaudi'vlllf.
The. Chutes— ChlQulta and Vaudeville.
Lybeck Cycle Skating Rink -Optical Illusions.
California Jockey dab, Oakland Racetrack— Race.s to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killip A- Co.— Tuesday, January 18. Horses, at corner Van
Keas avenue ana Market Bts., at 10 o'clock.
By Wm. G. Layusr A: Co.— Thursday evening:. January 20
Horses, at Occidental Horse Exohani'''. --■> TVhama m.
MARKED IMPROVEMENT IN TRADE.
THE spring demand for merchandise has al
ready set in, n we are to judge by the
bank clearings of the country, which gained
37.6 per cent last week, the largest gain for a long
time. This is all the more encouraging in that it
is not often that this demand sets in so early. It us
ually makes its appearance about the first of Feb
ruary, and for several years has not appeared at all.
There is evidently a general disposition to go into
business much more heavily than usual, which in
dicates confidence in the future. Indeed, Brad
street's Financial Review says that "Both specula
tion and investments have been active during the
past week. The best feature of thr market has
been the very heavy dealings in bonds at generally
higher prices, both for the high grade and new and
more speculative classes. Transactions, rising as
they have to $34,000,000 or $35,000,000 of bonds on
the Stock Exchange, with the trading distributed
among an unusually large number of different is
sues, would indicate a large demand for invest
ments and the growth of confidence in regard to
the position and future of the market."
One of the leading reasons for this augmented
business on the New York Stock Exchange is the
marked increase in railroad earnings, which were
over $43,300,000, in December, a gain of 10.5 per
cent over 1897, and which, in fact, were the largest
earnings in the history of American railroads. The
iron furnaces also report an increased output, and
orders in this branch of trade are unusually large
for this time of the year. The woolen manufac
turers are also buying wool heavily and have a rush
of orders to fill from now on. The cotton manu
facturers, on the contrary, have been overloaded
by excessive production, and find no increase in the
demand or gain in prices. The commercial fail
ures continue to decrease, those last week being 323,
against 479 for the same week in 1897 and 412 in
1896. Wheat exports have fallen off, owing purely
to the usual holiday dullness in Europe, and not to
any decrease in the demand itself; but corn ex
ports have increased 1,000.000 bushels during the
past week. The distributive trade throughout the
country is good, and whatever tendency is exhib
ited in prices is upward rather than downward.
The local situation shows no particular change,
if we except the demand for merchandise for Alaska
which has now fairly opened and is steadily increas
ing. We are getting our share of this business up
to date, and will probably continue to get it with
the exercise of ordinary commercial enterprise. It
is too rich a plum to be allowed to slip through our
fingers. It is not a transient, but a permanent
trade, and if properly fostered by j>tir local mer
chants will increase the wholesale business of this
port by millions of dollars annually.
The erratic character of the rains keeps local trade
very unsettled. Showers are succeeding each other
with sufficient rapidity, but except along the imme
diate coast they do not amount to much. The pro
tracted cold snap has kept back the growing grain
and the outlook for a large crop is not as bright as
it might be. Still, with a fair precipitation from
now on an average harvest will probably Be secured.
The cereal market reflects the uncertainty, and the
different grains are becoming very sensitive. Wheat
remains about the same, but barley is steadily ad
vancing and feed has now got up to $1 per cental,
which is. over the average price of late years. Oats,
too, are rising, and hay moves up a notch every
few days. If the present lack of moisture continue?
there is no knowing where hay and the local grains
will go. But good rains would keep them down
to reasonable values, and here is where the uncer
tainty comes in. The same conditions are affect
ing merchandise, as country dealers are cautious
about laying in heavy stocks until they have a fair
idea of how the crops are going to turn. out. The
matter will probably be settled one way or the other
shortly, when values will become better defined.
But a short grain crop this year will not prove a*
serious a calamity as in some former years. Time**
are now so improved that a deficiency in the crop
is certain to be made up in greatly enhanced values.
However, from present indications, there will be no
serious shortage.
Naturally the courts are puzzled as to what to do
with three youthful footpads who proclaim their
cuilt and seem to glory in it. They nre too tender
of years to be sent to prison, and would have a bad
influence at a boy's reformatory. There seems to
be nothing to do but regret that the man whom
they robbed failed to suddenly reform them with a
pistol.
It is not to be assumed now that the United
States will be forced to take action ns to the affairs
of Cuba. The probability that Spain will sail into
Key West and proceed to annex Florida, or even
that it will storm the City Hall of New York, is
happily remote. Nothing less radical would be apt
to arouse Uncle Sam to a sense of outraged dig
nity.
KEEPING FAITH-
IN our New Era issue we announced certain prin
ciples which it seemed to us should govern those
who control newspapers and command the pub
licity which goes with such control.
The policy announced was one of fairness and
justice and truthfulness toward all Interests and all
individuals.
Many who read and approved this declaration
were skeptical as to the realization of such a policy.
They believed, in the first place, that the public taste
had been so trained up to the rank and the raw in
journalism, by the yellow and sensational press,
that a paper which gave the minimum of news space
to the ignoble doings of ignoble people, and the
maximum of legitimate literature and news and edi
torial opinion and encouragement of what is clean
and manly and womanly in life, would not get ade
quate support. It was also insisted that the busi
ness community was subject to so many blackmail
schemes laid by the sensational press that it had lost
courage by having no paper ready to defend it
against misrepresentation and robbery. In proof of
this was cited the repeated exposures of one morn
ing paper in forgeries, in sophisticarion of news, in
the printing of letters which were never written to
it upon subjects of current interest, raising the pre
sumption that in all things it was equally false and
unreliable.
Events have turned these doubts. The Call has
kept on the course set for itself. We said that in
this State the interests of the producer must be con
sidered. Our exposure of his unfair treatment in
the manipulation of prison jute bags is in line with
that declaration. We impute no criminal intent to
the prison directors. The jute law was drawn by
a farmer, in the interest of prison discipline, of free
labor and of the fanners. Prison discipline is a
hopeless problem if convicts are not furnished occu
pation. Any form of manufacture that outputs a
prison product in competition with the product o<
free labor is objectionable. The Ostrom law wal
in right line with penological science and econo
mics, and while these were served the farmer was
made the beneficiary. Farmers take so little bene
fit from statutes and other classes take so much,
that this law may be characterized as a stroke of
genius, for what benefit it gave the farmer was nol
at the expense of any one else. The directors seem
to have misapprehended this high purpose of the
statute, and as a result the producer has been treated
unfairly and benefits intended to reach him have
been arrested, midway, and absorbed by a class no?
comprehended in the law at all. In tolerance o?
spirit and temperance of language The Call has
simply kept faith with the producers of the State, a?
it proposes to do with all classes, interests and in
dividuals. It is pleasant to know by the accumu
lating experience of each day, that this fidelity i?
appreciated and rewarded by the business com
munity.
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE EDITION.
NEXT Sunday the Golden Jubilee edition of
The Call will be given to the public. It is
to consist of forty-four pages, will be pro
fusely illustrated in the highest excellence of news
paper art and supplied with brilliantly illuminated
covers. It will contain a record of the mining in
dustry of the Pacific Coast from Mexico to Alaska
and will be the most comprehensive and accurate
compilation ever made on that subject.
A notable feature of the edition will be the
number of mining experts and established author
ities on mining matters who will contribute to its
columns. It is not to be a paper made up of the
careless productions of hack writers, but a sympo^
sium on mines and mining by accomplished special
ists, each of whom will write on departments of
work in which he has had practical experience as
well as scientific knowledge.
The edition is designed to serve as a journalistic
accessory to the Golden Jubilee and the mining ex
position. It will cover both the history of mining
in California which the Jubilee celebrates, and the
conditions of the industry throughout the Coast,
which the exposition will exhibit. It will there
fore serve the general public as a species of elabor
ate textbook on each of these subjects and will be
valuable to all who desire to obtain an intelligent
understanding of what mining was in 1849 and what
it is to-day.
The fact that the edition is to be devoted to min
ing only, instead of trying to cover all the indus
tries of the State, will add to its value as an issue
pertinent to the time and the opportunity. At this
juncture the whole country is excited on gold mines
and gold mining. The Call's special edition will
give full information on every branch of that great
industry. Placer, quartz and hydraulic mining will
be treated comprehensively by men who under
stand them, and all who wish information up to
date concerning gold mining on any part of the
coast from Alaska to Mexico will find it in the Jub
ilee edition of The Call next Sunday.
According to an evening paper only one out of
four celebrated murderers of this city has succeeded
in escaping in the last twenty years. The qualifying
adjective utterly spoils the beauty of this record.
Just what characteristics a murder must possess to
make it '•celebrated" is not a matter of common
knowledge. But the fact remains unshaken that
during the period named scores of murderers have
escaped either through avoiding arrest or through
turning the courts for the nonce into farcical tribu
nals apparently designed to shield crime. Two
sample instances may be cited, both recent. One was
the murder of Ware and the other that of Policeman
Grant. The first assassin never came to li^ht and
the second might as well never have been caught, as
the trial amounted to an expensive and elaborate
process of letting him go again.
It was a mean trick for a contortionist back East
to cultivate the faculty of throwing his hip out of
joint and then keep involving himself in railway ac
cidents so that he could do this to the despoliation
of some innocent company. Yet there is some com
fort in the thought that the railroads have knocked
many a hip out of joint and not put up a cent.
It was a neat idea for an actress in Chicago to have
a Spanish sympathizer shoot at her. She is appearing
as a Cuban heroine, and nothing could be more
fitting than that hot Castilian blood should do a
little spectacular boiling. Besides, the cost of blank
cartridges is a trifle. One could better afford to buy
them than to lose even paste diamonds.
It is an interesting fact that a confidence man who
was sent from Kansas City by the police turned up
in Greater New York, where he at once became a
politician. It was while acting in the latter capacity
that he got into jail. This simple incident shows
that when a confidence man starts on a downward
course he may expect trouble.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAKUABY 17, 1898.
THE WEEK OF PREPARATION.
A WEEK remains in which to prepare for the
Golden Jubilee. It will be a time of cease
less activity on the part of all who are charged
witli the responsibility of any feature of the great
festival, and so far as the public can give assist
ance in the way of work or money, it should be cor
dially and liberally done.
San Francisco cannot afford to fail in any part
of this undertaking. The festival has been adver
tised far and wide, and hosts of visitors with great
expectations will be in the city to share in the
pleasures of the occasion and enjoy the glories of
the pageant. It therefore behooves all who have
my feeling of civic patriotism and pride in San
Francisco to co-operate in the task of decorating
the streets and adding to the splendid beauty of
the entertainment which is to be provided in cele
1 ration of the golden day.
The programme of the festival has been well ar
ranged. It contains many features of interest to all
classes of persons. It will be the most notable pa
rade ever given in the State and the most magnifi
cent. It will be accompanied moreover by sports
and games, by floral fetes and by balls and enter
tainments. San Francisco will be !n gala attire
and joyous, mood, and virtually the whole week fol
lowing Jubilee day will be given up to pleasure and
the business that pleasure entails.
One of the most promising features of the pro
gramme of entertainment is that of the floral carni
val at Union Square. It was a happy thought on
the part of the ladies who designed it. Among all
the attractions of San Francisco none are fairer
than those of her midwinter flowers. In the mul
titude of bright blossoms that adorn the gardens of
the city we have the most beautiful and most con
vincing witnesses of the mildness of our January
air and the geniality of our climate. It is right
and fitting that these flowers should have a promi
nent place in the festival and it is to be hoped that
profuse contributions will be made to the display
that is to beautify Union Square and make it ra
diant 'for all the world to see.
While so much is being done in the way of public
work for the celebration, much remains for private
enterprise and individual taste to do. Every build
ing along the line of march should be made brilliant
with banners and gay festoons. The occasion is
one on which each citizen may vie with his neigh
bor in generous emulation to see which can design
and achieve the most striking and gorgeous effect.
A week remains- for tl/e work, but the time will pass
rapidly. Begin the preparations to-day.
AN IMMEDIATE REMEDY WANTED.
PUBLIC indignation aroused by the many acci
dents caused by the almost criminal carelessness
with which the street cars of the city are run,
demands an immediate remedy for the evil. Such
demands when made in the past have been ignored,
because the people did not persistently urge them.
1 his time the demand is serious, earnest and per
sistent. It cannot be overlooked nor neglected.
As a matter of course a reasonable time must be
permitted for the selection of proper fenders and
proper brakes. No one expects the Supervisors to
compel the companies to take the first things of the
sort that are offered. This does not mean, how
ever, that the companies may dally along making
trials and experiments forever, and leaving their cars
still dangerous to the safety i f every person who
crosses the streets.
A reasonable time under the circumstances cannot
be justly construed to mean a long time. The issue
is not a new one. It has been under consideration
in every city in the Union where trolley cars are
operated, and even in this city itself the subject has
been discussed for years. Many tests with fenders
and brakes have been made and a large amount of
information as to the merits of various appliances is
immediately available. It ought to T>e easy there
fore to decide upon the adoption of some remedy
within a comparatively short time.
There can be no doubt that if the proposed safety
devices were of a nature that would make the opera
tion of the roads more economical and more profita
ble to their owners, the managers would not take
months of experiment and other months of dis
cussion before adopting them. It does not take
business men a lifetime to make a change in
methods of work when there is money in the
change, nor should it take the street car companies
a lifetime to adopt safety appliances on their cars
when lives are at stake.
Both the street car companies and the Supervisors
might as well understand at once that the p^crt
demand for a remedy will not pass away and be for
gotten in a few days because of popular interest in
other things. They may as well understand also
that the people cannot be put off much longer by
promises of compliance at some future time, not by
making a show of testing new devices in fenders.
If neither the companies nor the Supervisors can
devise a means of protecting citizens from the reck
less methods of operation now in use, perhaps the
Grand Jury might find some way to quicken their
wits a little.
It is not a regrettable fart that a scorching bicy
clist is in jail. lie did not intend to kill anybody
no scorcher does so intend— but he was entirely
willing that the world afoot should take its chances.
He conceived it to be the duty of the pedestrian to
dodge, but failed to make allowance for the aped
and infirm. Therefore he is locked up to await a
demonstration of his power as a missile. If his vic
tim die the scorcher will learn that his sort do not
make up the whole world, a bit of information
which may cause him to lead a better life and
promote longevity among the wheeilcss.
Somebody in the East has gone to the trouble of
suggesting Van Wyck for President in 1900. The
gentleman might be an excellent one. but as he has
yet to prove that he is equal to being a good Mayor
for Croker there seems no occasion for haste. How
ever, the people of this country will hardly be ready
to accept Croker as their chief executive, no matter
how the complacent New Yorker may feel about it.
Japan has done this country the honor to fine
the sailors who amused themselves by killing some
tars of the American navy. Complaint is made that
the punishment is not severe enough. Yet the fact
must be remembered that an assassin in this coun
try is seldom even fined. He is simply tried, and
the people foot the bills, or, in other words, pay the
fine.
The Seminoles did not go on the warpath, but they
could be excused if they were to do so just long
enough to secure the scalp of the liar who sent out
a report that they had.
Spain, says an exchange, is ripe for revolt. This
is probably true. In fact, Spain shows some symp
toms of being over-ripe.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS,
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
A distinguished jurist asks me to
show that the Hawaiian Islands, "in
stead of being strategically of value to
us, will be a Constant source of weak
ness." I regret that the request came
so late. The space at my command is
limited, and it is a matter that cannot
be treated in a few lines. Neverthe
less, with gladness the courtesy s-hail
be extended next week.
The chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations has said—
If we may rely oh the telegraphic re
port — that the possession of the Sand
wich group. In case v,ar, "would be
equal to eight or ten battle-ships." This
seems almost incredible; but assuming
It to be true, in what way, may I ask
this distinguished gentleman, does he
see this wondrous value? Does he
imagine that territory fights— that the
possession of land Is war material?
As pointed out by Mr. Josenh Cham
berlain, one of England's ablest states
men, the other day. the acquisition of
territory Implies its protection. We can
protect these Islands after annexinr
them In two ways only: We can for
tify them and make the largest of the
group impregnable at an exp -rise of
two or three hundred of millions of dol
lars; we can build ten battle-ships at
an expense of fifteen or twenty million
dollars, and they can be detailed to
watch our precious territory, our own
coasts being unprotected. Both plans
are so evidently foolish that it futlgues
to even think of them. But one of them
must be adopted if we insist on this an
nexation scheme.
Mr. Reed has explained lucidly
enough that "empire can wait." He
should have gone further. Until we
can protect our coasts efficiently em
pire MUST wait.
Freely translated, ther« is a French
proverb which reads, "Those in need
of succor hide in curious holes." The
Examiner is an example. Driven to
despair on the ever present question of
Hawaiian annexation, it now vows that
the scheme is advisable on humani
tarian grounds. What next? This Is
exactly what it says:
"The Hawaiian Islands have a ca
pacity for becoming one of the most
productive spots on the earth. That
they have not achieved this results
Bolely from their lack of development
in the methods of Western civilisation.
They have made some advance of late
-. but it lias been slow and labored
I ired with what it will lie under
the free institutions of this country.
The annexation of the Islands is a duty
that is the highest of all duties — a duty
owed In the name of humanity."
The execrable English may be over
looked, but where, it is asked, did this
nation get its mission to provide for
humanity generally? The annexation
of the whole of the South Sea Islands
logically follows if we make the Sand
wich group an Integral part of this
Union on humanitarian principles. It
is casting pearls before swine to point
this out to the "yellow fellow." though.
He is a poser — not a logician.
A couple of interior papers have ob
jected to the broad statement that "to
admit Mr. Charles E. Naylor'a right to
talk on pilotage is absurd." Both -
ly think it ne^ds con** rotation, and as
Mr. Naylor has been v- od enough to
supply the necessary Indorsement, there
Beema to be no good reason for -with
holding the publicity which the Over
land could not give. In that magazine
(the current number), Mr. Naylor ar
gues for "A Fed ral Riot Service.** 1
think I know what he means by that;
but those who read English critically
might doubt. Mr. Xa lor evidently
wishes Congress to enact a lnw which
will place the Bervices of pilots — the
ts over — under Federal supervision.
It has ever been the avowed object of
our Government to get as far away
from paternalism as p ssible when
prudent. And it is not only prudent,
but undeniably sensible that States
should keep as direct control of 'heir
pilots as they do <>f their wharfingers.
Mr. Naylor sees in the words, "Until
further provision is made by Con
i that the national legis
lative bodies seriously Intended to in
terfere with what is. of course, merely
a local matter. The phraseology occurs
more than a score of times in the Re
vised Statutes. At the time when sec
tion 42SS was enacted the Union was
scarcely on a firm basis, ami none of
us knew exactly what was going to
occur next. The Wisdom of the provi
sion is admitted, and the fact that
Congress has declined again and again
to interfere in the matter of local
pilotage is fair proof that the present
system is best.
If the same conditions obtained off
Sandy Hook as off Lime Point; off
Fortress Monroe as a few miles below
Astoria, there might be some shadow
of sense in the proposal. Mr. Naylor
cheerfully substitutes a tug for a pilot.
having forgotten, presumably, that
there are such things as steamships.
He would apparently have a vessel
with a fair wind near the Farallones
take in her sail and employ a tupc to do
what she could easily do herself! Real
ly. Mr. Naylor does amuse. Not u> dis
miss him too hurriedly, I note that in
order to demonstrate his ignorant
this subject very thoroughly he sees in
floating ice in Boston harbor something
which requires the skill of a pilot to
avoid. There is no reason why this pa
per should pay for the instruction of
Mr. Naylor. but little Is lost by being
generous. The value of a pilot's knowl
edge, I explain to him, has no reference
to seen danger: it is on account of in
visible danger that he is employed.
A club of medical men has deemed It
THOSE HAWAIIAN SERFS.
N'\v York World.
To-day Senator Davis will ask the Senate to consider with a view to ratifi
cation the treaty of "leprosy and loot."
There can be and there Is no doubt In the mind of any patriotic and disin
terested citizen whose mental operations are governed by the laws of reason
that this Hawaiian scheme is a tissue of iniquities, past, present and future.
Wherever you look fit it you find tho same warp and woof. For instance,
the San Francisco Call directs attention to this extract from the report of La
bor Commissioner FLtzffcrakl:
-My investigations through the Hawaiian Islands have brought to my at
tention many new conditions and phases of labor, the most important of which
Is the Asiatic hordes which now infest the Islands and predominate in num
bers upon the plantations. I have seen 20,000 barefooted laborers, half of whom
work under v penal contract; I have seen rewards offered for their arrest
when they violated their contract and deserted the plantation, with their num
ber printed across their photograph in convict style."
Such are the normal and practically universal conditions of labor in this
remote group of islands which Is being "jammed" Into our Union.
wise not to expel Dr. Hirschfelder, who
sensibly believes that diseases of the
lungs can be guarded against. The
conclusion was wise, but the exclusion
of Dr. d'Evelyn from the same club is
not explicable. Dr. d'Evelyn has dis
covered—or thinks he has— a method of
inoculation which will destroy the
love of alcoholic tranquillity. If he has
not, his efforts have been very dis
tinctly praiseworthy. Moreover, it will
not be very surprising if his theory of
alcocytes turns out to be quite accu
rate. What may I ask is the ethical
difference between finding a remedy for
phthisis and alcoholism?
Grover Cleveland of unhallowed
memory has exhibited his lack of "bal
ance" again. He is now in evidence
pleading to the Governor of California
for mercy for Salter D. Worden. He
urges it with no more reason than
could have been uttered on behalf of
Durrant, who, it is cheering to know,
has been "heard to cease." If Worden
is guilty of the crime charged, hanging
is his just due. This is not an instance
in which the belravior of the Southern
Pacific Company can be considered in
any way. That has no bearing what
ever on the justice of the sentence if
the man be guilty. In cases of this
sort it is irrational to talk of the "high
ly Inflamed state of the public mind,"
of the suggestion that "he was the tool
of others" and last, but not least, that
he was "drunk" when he committed
the crime. These and a half dozen
other halting excuses have been made
in this man's behalf. Whoever removed
the fish-plate which caused the derail
ing of the train which sent brave men
to death chose a spot where he knew
full well fatal results would ensue.
Had the attempt to wreck that particu
lar train been made where there was
at any rate a possibility of no lives be
ing lost, the action (vile though that
would have been) might perhaps tem
per justice with mercy; but the spot
chosen for the wreck clearly shows the
mind of a fiend. Threats were freely
made by the strikers that any train
leaving Sacramento could never reach
Oakland in safety. It is said that care
was taken to have this information cir
culated among the United States troops
4s well as due diligence being exer
cised to let each engineer and train
hand know what was intended.
Whether the poor fellows who met
death in the wreck expected it or not
it is impossible to say, but it is prac
tically certain that they knew their
peril to be as great as was that of the
Gordon Highlanders about whose hero
ism, when in the fire zone, we have
heard so much recently.
The United States soldiers who sac
rificed their lives on that occasion lie
buried beneath a shaft which says
"Murdered by strikers." I respect the
moral courage of the man who ordered
the inscription, and still more do I ad
mire the determination that kept the
truth on that shaft when personal vio
lence was openly threatened if the ob
noxious words were not erased.
On "VTorden's behalf it has been
promised again and again that he
would reveal the men who were actu
ally the instigators of this crime. The
promises have never been kept. He
stands to-day in the identical position
that he did when tried. If Worden is
guilty he should hang; if he be innocent
he should be freed.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
C. F. Bliss, a lumber man of Carson, is
in the city on his way to Alaska. He is
staying at the Palace.
W, F. Simmons, a well-known resident
of Santa Barbara, is at the California for
a few days.
John C. Moblan, a prominent business
man of New York, is registered at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Kaufman are at the
Palace on their honeymoon.
G. L. Kirby. U. S. X., is at the Occi
dental from Mare Island.
A. M. Buchanan, one of the leading men
of Cleveland, Ohio, is at the California.
Hon. D. N. Withington, a prominent
politician of San Diego, is a guest at the
Grand.
It looks very
much as if the
proposed surveys
of the Yukon riv
er this spring will
have to be de
ferred until the
NO SURVEYS
FOR THE
YUKON.
snows of another
winter have added their -waters to swell
the current of that famous stream. The
Government at Washington, at the be
pinning of the rush to the Klondike gold
fields, decided to appropriate enough to
have the river thoroughly surveyed, and
the gratitude of those having: business in
that part of the country was accordingly
proat, hut with the usual rapidity with
which the mills of the governmental gods
grind, the necessary formalities were not
accomplished until the opportunity to
carry the proposed scheme into effect was'
passed. Lieutenant Helm of the MeAr
thur was placed in charge of the matter,
but when his orders arrived he found that
all the shipyards of the coast had so
many orders for river craft of various
kinds that it was impossible for them to
fill any government orders, consequently
there will not only be no survey of the
river, but the revenue cutter that was in
tended to patrol the river next season will
have to wait another year before making
her initial trip. However, the McArthur
is expected to go north in the early spring
and survey the coast around Cape Van
couver in order to see if there is not an
other easier and more southern entrance
to the Yukon.
J. O. Allen of the Chicago and North
western Railway is registered at the Oc
cidental.
E. Erickson, a railroad contractor of
Jamestown, is at the Grand.
B. V. Sargent, a lawyer of Salinas, is
at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. Miller has come over to the
city from Oakland and is staying at the
California.
J. H. Jenkiens, a well-known merchant
of Valley Ford, is registered at the
Grand.
A. L. Levinsky, one of the foremost at
torneys of Stockton, is at the Palace.
Ex-State Senator William Johnston of
Courtland is at the Grand.
W. N. Noyes. the big grain man of
Livermore, is a guest at the Occidental.
Judge J. 11. Craddock of Marysville is
staying at the Grand.
F. B. McGovern of New York is at the
California for a few days.
I AN ?
II UNCOMFORT- t
!l ABLE HITCH- J
{ ING POST. j
"I was reading
in The Call a few
days ago of a
boy's telephone up
up at Altamont,"
said Mr. Seemer,
a prominent rail
road man who ar-
rived in the city a short time ago, "and
the article brought to my mind an occur
rence that took place in- the vicinity of
Devers. a small town in the lowlands of
Texas, while I was there. Some miles out
in the country a storm had blown down a
dozen telegraph poles and the manage
ment of the line, not knowing the extent
of the damage. Bent only one man out to
repair what they thought was one of the
customary small breaks in the wire. Ihe
fellow got out to the place of the acci
dent and sizing up the extent of the dam
age realized that it would take about a
week to repair it, during which time the
line would have to remain tied up. He
accordingly ran leaders from the two
poles at the extremities of the break to
an adjacent wire fence, and after prop
eriy connecting everything, went on hia
way rejoicing. The line remained in this
manner for about two weeks, and as the
land thereabouts was of a wet and
swampy nature the cattle men in the
neighborhood ha<l all kinds of curious ad
ventures. A fellow knowing nothing of
the current that was running along the
fence, would ride up and tie his horse to
it, and when he and the animal came out
of their fit they would be undecided as to
whether they had been struck by a pass
ing train or had run afoul of a traveling
cyclone."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— H. Alexander of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman House.
J. Wollner of San Francisco is at the
Hotel Savoy. Lieutenant S. E. Adair of
San Diego is at the Gerlach Hotel.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Jan. If,.— Frank A.
Jones, R. E. Gormlir., San Francisco, Wil
lard's Hotel; L. D. Semple, Los Angeles
Riggs House.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The French Admiralty contemplates
large expenditures upon its naval sta
tions abroad. At Bizerta, in Tunis, a
breakwater and two drydocks, costing
from $3,000,000 to $3,500,000, are to be built.
In Corsica the naval authorities propose
to build a boom in the port of Ajaccio
and the army department to put up two
batteries as 'a defense for what is in
tended as a shelter for torpedo-boa_ts.
At Dakar, Madagascar, the sum of $50,
000 is to be expended on works in contem
plation.
The Don Alvaro de Bazan, a gunboat
recently launched at Ferrol for the
Spanish navy, is a somewhat ambitious
naval design. The vessel is 236 feet 3
inches in length, 27 feet 1 inch beam and
displaces only 828 tons. Her two triple
expansion engines are calculated to give
4600 horse-power under forced draught
and a speed of 20 knots. The armament
is composed of two 4.7-inch quick-firing
guns, four iv.-inch, two machine guns
and three torpedo tubes. The usefulness
of the vessel will be extremely limited,
owing to the small quantity of coal she
is able to carry.
The Kostroma of the Russian volunteer
fleet, which ran on the Elba reef in the
Red Sea last November, had up to De
cember 17 not yet got afloat. Great ef
forts had been made by the steamer
Petersburg of the same fleet, aided by a
steamer from Port Said and a British
torpedo-boat destroyer, to pull the Kos
troma off, but without success, and as a
last resort the torpedo-boat was arrang
ing to blow up portions of the reef. The
stranded steamer is a single-screw of 7975
tons displacement and 14 knots speed,
and was built in England in ISSS.
The gathering of naval vessels in Asi
atic waters will be of such a magnitude
as will long be remembered. On Decem
ber 14 there were thirty-eight Britisn
war ships of all classes, and since then
the Powerful has arrived from Singa
pore and the Edgar and Arrogant are due
within a month. Seventeen Russian ships
were hovering about the coast of China,
and the armored cruiser Rossia of 12.130
tons, just completed, left St. Petersburg
for the long voyage to the Orient. The
seven French war vessels will be fur
ther Increased by the Isly and Alger, due
in one month, and Germany's fleet of six
vessels will have added to it the cruiser
Ka.lserin Augusta, which was at Singa
pore December 13, and the battle-ship
Deutschland and cruiser Gefion, both of
which loft Kiel December 16. The United
States squadron of five ships will also
be ro-enforced by one or more vessels,
and within two months there will thus
be no less than eighty-three ships-of-war
under five national flags. These, with
the representative ships of Japan's navy
around the disputed territory in Kiao
chau Bay, will make a magnificent naval
show, equaled only by that at Spithead
last June.
Cal. place fruit 50c perlb at Townsend*s.«
Asthma (bronchitis), cure guaranty. Dr. Gor
din's Sanitarium, 514 Pino, nr. Kearny, S.F., Cal
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
Mexican carved belts, pocketbooks,
chatelaine baps, etc., at Sanborn & Vafl'a,
741 Market street. •
The beautiful Countess of Warwick,
formerly Lady Brooke, has written a life
of Joseph Arch, president of the British
Agricultural Laborers' Union. Methodist
preacher and advocate of labor reforms.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind CoMc. reg
ulates the BoweU and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2£c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. \V. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glen wood Springs, Colorado.
Mrs. Jessie Palmer Weber, daughter of
General John M. Palmer, late the Sound
Money Democratic candidate for Presi
dent, has been appointed librarian of
the Illinois State library.
NEW TO-DAY.
The U. S. Government
Report shows ROYAL
Baking Powder to be
stronger and purer
than any other.HO! FOR THE
COLD FIELDS
A Crowd of Miners Leave
for Alaska on the
Walla Walla.
Every Berth on the Columbia
Engaged a Week Ahead
of Time.
The Bark Enoch Tnibot to Be Trans
formed Into :> Klondike Pas
senger-Boat.
The only excitement on the front
■day was caused by the departure
of the steamer Walla Walla for the
Sound and the arrival of the Peru from
China, via Japan and Hawaii.
The Walla Walla, being the last ves
pf-l to leave to t the cut rates,
tojk away every passenger she could
carry. She had about 365, all told,
d, and many of these were glad
to secure Bleeping accommodation on
the cabin floor. About one-half of this
number will connect with the steamer
for Dyea and Skaguay at Seattle this
week, and they expect to bfgrin their
inarch «>n th-> Klondike early in Feb
ruary. All of them are thoroughly out
• iiuld not carry
all the freight offered.
There is only one more steamer for
Alaska at the cheap rates. The Colum
bia, which will leave her.- Cor Portland
on the 18th inst., will connect with the '
n tor Dyea. The rate
: iia trip will bo $3 cabin and $2 50 |
steerage to Portland, but after the 20th
inst. it will be *1_ cabin and $S steer- I
age. All th< i todation on th
a has been taken, and, like the ;
Walla, Bhe also will have Klon
dike's Bleeping on the cabin iloor dur
ing th
Very few vessels found their way in
through the fog- yesterday, but quite
Among the latter
was the bark Enoch Talbot, bound for
Puget Sound. The Old lumber vessel
has been purchased by Joshua Green
ittle arid his intention is to fit her
up with lirst gex accom
modations and put her Into the Klon
dike trade. She was towed to Bea by
the tug Vigilant, and Mr. Green went
out to see his purchase off on her new-
All kino- is are
gold mines just now, and the old Tal
bot brought more in good $20 'pieces last
week than it <-*.st to build her. She
was chartered to Darby, Laydon & Co.
arry piles from the Sound here,
and Mr. Oreen had to pay considerable
>o to have that contract can-
While he is here Mr. Green will pur
chase a? many pas'. line launches as he
can procure ."t a reasonable figure, but.
everybody adds the probable earnings
of th his valuation, and gaso
line launches for use on the Yukon are
expensive articles.
other vessels that w»nt out were the
■British bark Tnverneil for Queonstown
with wheat, the barkentine S. N
■ Falcon
for Tahiti and the United States gun-
Marietta for Centra] America.
The Marietta will be stationed at Xir
arnerv. I sist the members of the
Nicaragua '"anal Commission on this
the continent.
. The United States steamer General I
McDowell was kept busy among the .
army posts on the bay yesterday. She
reft Clay-street wharf at noon, and was
running between Alcatraz. Angel Island j
and Black Point all the afternoon, car- i
rying the officers to and from the fune- !
ral of Mrs. Shafter. In consequence I
she did not make the usual afternoon
round trip from Clay-street wharf.
- The fishermen have discovered a j
gasoline engine is a very handy thing j
in a fishing boat, and many of the '
crab boats and luggers are being fitted !
with them. The saving in time more i
than makes up for the expense, and if
the fishermen keep on getting engines I
placed in their boats there will soon be 1
a gasoline fleet on the fishing grounds. I
It Is a daily occurrence to see the for- '
tunate owner of a gasoline boat tow- I
Ing from six to eight of his less fortu- I
nate brethren in from sea. Others '
making their way up the bay against
the tide are picked up by other launch- j
es and towed to their destination. Yes- '
terday afternoon about forty fishing i
smacks were towed past Meiggs wharf j
by the different gasoline boats. Every j
fisherman who owns two or three boats
is also thp owner of a launch, and the
latter la used to tow the sailing boats
from one fishing ground to the other.
AN INTERESTING ADDRESS.
R. C. Morgan of the London "Chris-
tian" SpeaKs to the
Y. M. C. A.
Yesterday the members of the Young
Men's Christian Association listened to an
address by R. C. Morgan, a distinguished
guest of the organization who is out on
the coast on his second honeymoon from
his home in England.
Mr. Morgan is a leader In the religious
•work of the Uritish metropolis, where he
is the editor of the Christian, a paper de
voted to affairs ot general Interest in the
world of churches and having one o f the
largest circulations of any sheet in tint
line in the empire.
The hall of the V. M. C. A. building on
Mason street was crowded to the doors
•lay when Mr. Morgan made his ap
pearance. After a few hymns had been
sung. Mr. Morgan was Introduced to his
-ing for his text the story
aii and Eltsba, be delivered one of
the b1 ■ - hat have
heard in thai place for many a long day.
During the influenza scare eucalyp
tus oil came Into such demand that
over 20,900 pounds were sent to Eng
frona California. The tree has
been planted in immense quantities in
this Slat.-.
NEW TO-DAY.
SKIN
Soft, White Hands with Shapely Nails, Luxu-
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Cctictra Soap, the most effective
skin purifying and beautifying soap in the
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preventive
- of inflammation and clogging of the Pores.
(ytictira
. P«ir !• toll throughout th« world. Porrsm D«c» * CUM.
Coup- Bol* Propj.. Hoitoo. U. S. A.
Cjf* " How to p urlfj and B«»utit> th* Skin, Boalp an*
Hair," matiel free.
RARV U'lllftßC iK-hlnt ana icaly. lnitartW r».
DAD I RUfflUll4 lured by rt;iici.-«A BuiMa
J. DEAN'S WELL-BRED CONNEMARA, WHO WON THE STAKE.
MONEY FLOWED
AT INGLESIDE
Sports Kept the Pool-Sel
lers Busy During
the Day.
Hares and Hounds in Earnest,
and a Happy Crowd
Looked On.
Moondyne, Diana, Tod Sloan and
Connemara Were in Splen
did Form.
The sports were ou* in force yester
day at the Ingleside coursing grounds,
and the manner In which they plunged
was proof positive that they were on
to the twists and turns of the fleet dogs
which started. The day was rather
raw, but as large a crowd as usual was
present. Gaily dressed women lent
color and animation to the scene, and
children mingled with the gathering.
Ed Conlan and Ed Thies have proved
themselves to be second Itiley Gran
nans, with the cxi eption that EUley
was a judge of horses, while the parties
named drew no dividing lin.
betting between hounds, horses or
hares is concerned. Harry Hrennan,
connected with the park, was in evi
dence, and was closely questioned as
to the chances of this and that hound,
and "dipped" correctly with one or two
exceptions.
Louis Metzer, Teddy Osbourne and
Captain F. W. Warren helped to keep
the pool-sellers busy, and Jockey
".Midget" O'Connor, the feather-weight
rider of the coast, was seemingly anx
ious to try his chance astride of a
hare. "They are off in a bunch,"
would declare, and at the finish h<
would coolly walk up and cash Ins
tickets, for he won, and won strong.
Then \Y. Kay, of the popular owners,
Kay & Trant, came to the front, first
declaring that he was not connected
with the opposition dog men, and that
no authority had been given them hy
him for his election as an officer in the
new combination, and then followed
with a few well-placed bets. A lady,
well known by many present, persisted
in asking questions, which placed the
baseball female questioner in the
shade.
"Why do tne hares run so fast?" was
her first question, and then when the
gentleman friends had escaped through
a rear entrance she inquired of her
lady companion, "What makes the
hounds follow?" Of course the ques
tions were answered, but the lady rode
home alone.
It was plainly a day for the favorites.
The hares were in splendid trim, and
many courses were more than exciting.
The first throw-down of the day was
when Semlnole, at 2 to 1, lost to the
neglected Sly Boy. Then Eclipse, who
was thought to be a "lead piper," failed
to follow "White Lily. But the faint
ing spells arrived when the ii to 3 fav
orite, Fleetwood, lost to Tod fcloan In
a long and well-fought course. Nelly
B ran a bye with Vigilant, and the
course proved that bettors were not al
ways in the right, as Vigilant took a
nice slice of money, which had been
played at 2*& to 1 against him.
The feature of the day was the run
ning of Diana. Beating such hounds
as Myrtle, Sly Boy and Susie is no easy
thing, and when the fleet hound start
ed the money flooded the ring. Moon
dyne was in bad condition in the fourth
ties. In the course between Moondyne
and White Lily Moondyne won hands
down, but the hare escaped, and un
fortunately a loose rabbit was started,
and a hard run was taken all over the
course. White Lily outran the com
petitor, which proved that Moondyne
was tired from a severe day's work.
The popular decisions looked like this:
T. Butler's Susie beat J. F. Grace's Lass
'■' Gowrie, 12—6; J. Murnane's Valley
Maid beat J. R. Dlckson's Premier, 10—3;
M. Rogers' Sly Boy beat James Byrnes'
Seminole, 4—o; Kay & Tram's Diana
beat Larkey & Rock's Myrtle, B—6; J
Quane's Fireman boat Dillon & Reilly's
Granuale, 3—2; J. Dean's Moondyne beat
G. Plnto's Hercules. 6—2; J. McCormlck's
White Lily beat Kay & Trants Eclipse
13—7; M. Murphy's Tod Sloan beat C W.
Dewlaney's Floetwood. 13—4; J. McCor
mick's Duke of Oak Grove beat Batt &
Frank's Count of Monte Cristo, 15—2; J.
McCormick'a Black Prince beat Kay &
Trant's Carlotta. 18—4; J. Dean's Conne
mara beat Kay & Tram's Sylvia. 10—7; J. |
Hurnane'a Flashlight beat P. Carney's
Nelly Daley, B—4^; Nellie H a bye.
Second ties: Susie beat Valley Maid
6—2; Diana beat Sly Boy, 5-2: Moondyne i
beat Fireman. 4—o; White Lily beat Tod
Sloan, 4—3; Black Prince beat Duke of
Oak Grove, 4—o;4 — 0; Connemara beat Nellie
B. 8 1%; Flashlight a bye.
Third ties: Diana beat Susie, 10—5; :
Moondyne beat White Lily, 5—2; Black
Prince beat Flashlight; Connemara a bye i
Fourth ties: Diana beat Moondyne
12—0; Connemara beat Black Prince,
B—2*-£.8 — 2*-£.
Final: Gonnemara beat Diana, 4—2 and '
won the purse in his usual quick, snappy
short courses and vicious pick-ups i
HIS HEART WAS PIERGED.
A Valuable Horse Belonging to
Dr. Bryant Killed in a
Collision.
A collision between a horse owned by
Dr. K. R. Bryant, WBOM o snee is at W
Powell Btreot, and one driven by a man
named O. A. Sartleld. oocuned 00 Nbe
street at 8 o'clock yesterday evenine in
v.hi'h Dr. Bryant's horse was Instantly
killed. The shaft of the cart bSkSJSSJ
to Sarfield's rig pierced the heart of n r
Bryant's horse, and he dropped dead in
his tracks.
From what could be ascertained of the
accident Sarfleld was clearly at fault as
he was on the wrong side of the street
and ran his cart Into thai of the doctor's
with the result already stated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1898.
COULD NOT
IDENTIFY A
SUSPECT
The Robber Who En
tered Jess' Grocery
Is Released.
Confronted by His Three
Victims They Fail to
Recognize Him.
He Is an Ex-Convict, and Is
Well Known by Several
Different Names.
POLICE SURE OF HIS GUILT.
He Recently Served a Short Term
in the San Quentin
Prison.
Since the daring robbery in Jess' gro
! eery store, at First and Folsom streets,
last Thursday night, Detectives Ryan
and ODea have had under suspicion a
■ man whom they strongly suspect of be
ing the robber. He is an ex-convict,
and is known under several different
: names. Convinced that he was the
right man, the detectives yesterday
took him to tho grocery store fur the
purpose of having him identified. Aft
i er carefully scrutinizing him, Jess, the
proprietor, failed to recognize him.
"I was so excited at the time." he
explained to Ryan and O'Dea. "that
even if he was the right man 1 oruld
not identify him."
The two men who were in the store
at the time were then sent for, but,
like Joss, they were unable to i
nize the suspect.
Realizing the folly of throwing him in
jail the detectives, after the three wit
nesses had failed to identify him, re
leased him.
A description of the ex-convict has
furnished the officers of the South
ern Station, With instructions to k>^p
a strict watch on him.
It developed last night that after the
desperate robber entered the saloon he
ordered Jess to turn over to him the
contents of the cash drawer. Only
three dimes were in the drawer, and
»vhen the proprietor threw them on the
counter one of them rolled off on the
floor.
The robber placed one of his revolv
er* on The counter and stooped d
to pick up the ten cent piece. One of
the men who was in the saloon at the
time started to reach for the weapon,
when the robber suddenly jumped up,
and, covering him with the other re
volver, threatened to blow out his
brains if he moved another inch. After
securing the money he turned to the
two patrons nnd gave them each 10
cents with the remark. "Buy i
1 ron the boss' money." He then
backed out of the saloon and made his
The handkerchief which he used as a
mask was subsequently found in a
yard contiguous to the scene of the
robbery.
The police are convinced that the ex
convict, who was suspected of having
committed the bold crime, is the right
man. On the night of the robbery he
was seen hanging around the store, ap
parently awaiting a favorable oppor
tunity to enter. On account of the f«»*j.
ure of the proprietor and his two pat
rons they, however, have decided not
to arrest him pending further Investi
gation.
LECTURES ON "CIVIL
AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY."
Hon. Charles A. Bonaparte Speaks in a Sen-
sational Style Upon Trusts and the
Acts of Congressmen.
BOSTON, Jan. 16.— Hon. Charles J. Bon
aparte delivered a striking lecture at the
mont Theater this evening on "Civil
and Religious Liberty." attacking trusts
and boodle Congressmen. He said: "It
is a great wrong that the law should be
obscured as it sometimes is. Perhaps
some of our United States Senators would
not be on such familiar terms with trusts
and corporations if a few were hung up
to lamp posts. The progress of the law
is so slow It does not cause any satisfac
tion when its decrees are carried out.
When a man can be convicted, sentenced
and put out of the way in two weeks
after he is caught there will be few
lynrhings heard of.
Mr. Bonaparte alluded to certain secret
societies that had attempted to keep from
public office all men of his faith. He
said be looked with equanimity upon such
efforts. The A. I. A. would help Cath
olics in the opinion of Americans whose
good opinion was worth having. Some
politicians of his faith had lacked Judg
ment and sought to fight the puny ef
forts of the A. P. A. He was very sorry
for it, but those who sought to kindle the
dying fires of religious hatred met with
failure. Time would do the right thing.
Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen.
PEORIA. 111.. Jan. IC— The executive
committee of the Brotherhood of Railway
Trainmen Is holding/ Its annual session
here to receive reports and audit ac
counts. The net increase in membership
during 1899 was 3000 and thirty-seven new
lodges were instituted. The officers re
port a steady demand for brotherhood
men by the railroads.
More new things In picture frames, real
novelties, too, cheap at Sanborn & Vail' a.
ROTTANZI AS
A CRUSADER
Property Owners of the
Mission Flock to His
Standard.
Twenty Picked Men to Urge the
Removal of the City and
County Hospital.
Enthusiastic Meeting nt Maennerbund
Hall— Strong Speeches Ap
plauded.
The crusade for the removal of the
City and County Hospital to some oth
! er site and the erection of new build
! ings has at last begun in earnest. Yes
terday afternoon the property owners
of the Mission assembled in mass meet
| Ing at Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue, and
used the parliamentary battle-ax vig
orously In a united endeavor to gain
redress of their grievance.
At that meeting two names shone as
stars of the first magnitude of
! Supervisor Rottansl and Senator I*. J.
Dwyer. They have both devoted a
good deal of their time and energy to
the proposed reform, and the assem
blage simply showered them with en
comiums from the drop of the chair
man's gavel to the passing round of the
hat. As a result of that meeting twen
ty representative citizens will call In a
sort of friendly way to interview the
Supervisors on the proposition to-day,
and later on will make a few business
visits. In addition It was decided to
I hold monthly meetings and keep ham
! mering away on the reform string until
! somebody's heart softens or nerves
weary— it is the same thing to them.
The meeting was under the auspices
of the Potrero Avenue Improvement
Club. James B. Hughes called it to or
•■ der, and Thomas Blevin was selected
as chairman, and Eugene V. Sullivan
as secretary.
After asserting the purpose of the
gathering and the fact that vigorous
support at this time would direct at
tention to Supervisor Rottanzi's pro
posed resolution to remove the hospital
and erect new buildings, Chairman
Slevin read a resolution, adopted unan
imously. Its general purport was as
; follows:
That <"hristian charity r- quires that
community shall care properly
for its Buffering poor; that senator I-.
J. Dwyer had introduced a bill at the
[ as t session of the Legislature empow
.■liiiß the Sujurvih^Ts to levy a special
tax of $300,000 for the >. 'instruction of
a new City and County Hospital; that
the hospital was built twenty-five yours
ago with the assurance that it was to
bo torn down and the land to revert to
the city in ten years, none of the prom
ises made at the time being fulfilled;
that the rights of the taxpayers should
be respected in the matter of having a
hospital fit for the largest city west Of
the Rocky Mountains, and that public
decency should be respected and the
suffering poor no longer be treated U
inadequately as th-y have been. The
document concluded as follows:
"Resolved, That the chairman of this
meeting shall appHnt a committee of
twenty, which shall be present at the
next meeting of the Board of Super
visors, to lay before that honorable
body these resolutions, and in the name
of the citizens request that immediate
steps be taken to remedy this crying
and shameful abuse; and. further.
"Resolved. That the secretary of this
meeting be Instructed t<~> present to the
Hoard of Supervisors and to the pr<>ss
of San Francisco a copy of these reso
lutions."
At the suggestion of members of the
audience the following were appointed
a committee to carry out the purpose
of the resolution: M. Ohiandt. t.. j.
Dwyer, T. F. Mitchell, D. F. Keefe, A.
P. M.-ieuire. .Tames P>ehan. James B.
Huches. John Kenney. John Rippe M.
F. C. Mauser. Mr. Newman, P. J. < 'ur
tis. b. Majrlnnla, P. noggins, p. stoi
berg. Rev. William Tuhb. Henry-Schul
ken. M. C. Cull, Max Popper and Will
iam Cook.
This committee was made permanent,
and the first Funday In February was
appointed a? the next time of meeting.
Huphes tried to speak with Dr. Rot
tanzl by telephone, In order to make
arrangements as to the time of confer
ring: ■with the board, but failed to find
him.
Stirring addresses were made by Sen
ator Dwyer. A. B. Magulre. Max Pop
per, P. J. Curtis and Rev. Dr. Tubb.
All urged the people to keep working
until their rights were respected. Pop
per struck the keynote of the situation,
erldenced by the applause, when he de
flared that "we want no money ex
pended by the Mission in Caring for
monkeys when human beings are left
sick and neglected." Curtis declared
that the present hospital Is not good
enough in which to place a high-bred
dog. and Rev. Dr. Tubb believed It
would be a fine thing if all the patients
could be removed and the structure
burned to the ground.
Resolutions were adopted tharkinp
Senator L,. J. Dwyer and Dr. Rottanzi
for thf-jr activity in the matter.
Bricklayers and Masons.
PEORIA. Til.. Jan. 16.— The convention
of the Bricklayers' and Masons' Inter
national Union Is petting down to busi
ness and the committee Is completing its
work. The total membership is reported
at 56.39*;, of which but 31,630 nre employed
For beneficial purposes $2*0.515 had been
expended, and there is 188,8511 In the treas
ury. The establishment of a national
home for indigent members is favored
An expert oculist is employed to teat
the eyesijrht of all conductors, engi
neers, firemen and brakemen on the
Canadian Pacific lines.
THREW UP
HER ARMS
AND DIED
Mysterious Death of
an Old Woman in
the Hospital.
Jennie Webster, While
Chatting With the Sur
geons, Passes Away.
She Was Picked Up by the Po
lice at Eddy and Leaven
worth Streets.
MAY HAVE TAKEN POISON.
Fragments of a Letter Discov
ered in Her Posses
sion.
The surgeons at tho Receiving Hos
pital are puzzled over the death of a
well-dressed woman which occurred in
the female ward last night.
Shortly after 5 o'clock, the woman,
who was about 45 years of. age, was
found lying on the sidewalk at the
corner of Eddy and Leavenworth
streets. The police were notified, and
she was removed to the hospital in the
patrol-wagon. After recovering con
sciousness, the woman said her name
was Jennie Webster. She denied that
she had taken poison, and claimed that
she was subject to fits. She was placed
in the female ward, and at 8 o'clock
lust night she had sufficiently recovered
to ask Dr. Fitzgibbon, who was In
charge, to allow her to go home.
On account of her advanced age, the
surgeon advised her to remain in the
hospital until morning. While chatting
pleasantly with the matron and an at
tache, the unfortunate woman threw
up her hands and suddenly expired.
Her body was afterward sent to the
Morgue.
In a pocket-book which was found
in the bosom of her dress was JL' 20 in
silver and a card bearing the name,
"Miss Clara Fortuna, 319 Sutter street.
There was also found in the pocket
book a portion of a letter bearing the
signature "Miss Ifollle Shaw, Salinas."
Sh>- had evidently destroyed the letter,
tut had carefully preserved the name
Of the sender. The woman was dressed
In a dark brown skirt and a light col
ored waist. She wore a tastefully
trimmed hat and a brown jacket. In
one of her stockings was found a
white handkerchief, in the corner of
which was tied up two $10 gold pieces
an<l two f"> gold pieces.
Officer Gaynor, who took the unfortu
nate woman to the Receiving Hospital,
says that he found her lying on the
sidewalk, apparently unconscious. Sev
eral citizens who were standing by said
that they noticed her walking along
Eddy street. As she reached Leaven
wortfa she suddenly threw up her hands
and fell. Thinking she had fainted
they tried to revive her, but without
avail. It was then that the police were
notified.
The most mysterious feature of the
case is that the woman refused to give
her address.
'"They shall not know of my troubles,"
she remarked to the surgeon, "I would
rather die first."
No amount of questioning could in
duce her to tell where she lived or who
her relatives were. She first gave her
name as Mary Webster, but finally ad
mitted that her true name was Jennie.
Dr. Fitzgibbon is inclined to believe
that the woman's death was caused by
strychnine poisoning. He bases his be
lief on the suddenness of her taking off,
which he thinks could not have been
caused by a fit, as Fhe was conscious
the minute before she died.
At ?.!!> Putter street, the address
found on the card in the •woman's pos
session, nothing was known of her, or
of any woman of the name of Clara
For+unji. The clerk looked over his
books to a date months hack and
found no reference to the names in
question.
GENERAL PALMER TO LEAD
THE TIRAH FIELD FORCE.
His Appointment as the Successor of Sir
William Lock hart Approved by
the Queen.
rAT.OrTTA. Jan. lfi.— The Queen has
approved the appointment of General Sir
Arthur Power Palmer. K. <".. to succeed
General Sir William Lookhart as com
mander of the Tlrah field force on tbe
northwest frontier.
Sir William I^oekhart, after completing
his report on which he is engaged, con
cerning the future Indian frontier policy
and the measures to bo adopted, will re
turn to England on three months' leave.
General Sir Power Palmer, it is under
stood, will act during his absence, being
succeeded in his own present command
by Qeneral Elles. The force will other
wise remain unchanged, except for a
temporary reduction of the headqi.«ir
tera staff.
Sir Powers Palmer has been command
er of the Punjab frontier fort ea since
!!•• is now in his fifty-elphth yoar.
He entered the Indian army in iv~7. In
•■ was on the northwest frontier.
!!•■ served in the Abyssinian war from
NEW TO-DAY.
If you are ill you need a
doctor in whom you have
confidence.
If you need a remedy you
want one that has been tested
for years; not an obscure, un-
tried thing that is urged upon
you, or on which you save a
few cents that is no consid-
eration as against health.
For wasting in children
or adults, Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil with Hypo-
phosphites has been the
recognized remedy for twen-
ty-five years.
50c. «nd $i.oo, all draggim
\ SCOTT & BOWSE, Chemim, New York.
1807 to the end of IS6B, was with the
Duma expedition in 1594 and commanded
the China Hills expedition of the pre
vious yt'ar. He served also during the
Afghan war in 1878 and in the Soudan
expedition in 1886. He received the rank
of major-general In
RACING AT OAKLAND.
A Liberal List of Entries, With
Several New Horses Making
Their Appearance.
A glance at the Oakland race card for
this afternoon gives the impression of fat
prices and hard picking, and as form is
generally at a discount in Juicy going
such will probably be the order of
things. The races are all well filled with
a fair class of horses, and some excellent
sport should be ' witnessed even in the
face of unpleasant weather surroundings.
Following are the entries:
First Race — Five, furlongs, selling, 4-year
olds and upward.
423 Roadwarmer ....107 428 D. J. Tobin 103
422 The Gossip I'll 307 La Mascota ....105
411 Mahogany 107i296L0 Lo 105
423 Distinction 101 437 Stentor 103
422 Red Spinner — 106,204 Amelia Fonao ..105
163 Koenigin 101 428 Blue Hell 105
427 I Don't Kn0w. .107 423 Lucky Star ....103
423 Sea Spray 107 373 Florlnel 101
231 Terrier 110
Second Race -Seven and one-half furlongs,
selling. 3-year-olds and upward.
»44 Dareohota W 129 Xl Venado 109
••■it Magnus 91 42«t Coda In 7
401 Alma v- 4;i7 Allahabad UW
OS Our Climate ....108 '-..lack Martin ....109
180 Fanny S 1M 433 George Palmer.. lo6
Third Race— One mile, 3-year-olds and up
ward.
i™ Qotobed 104 434 The Dipper 92
Jr' X era^ a m 441 Tenrlca 104
US Don Daniel 109 ...Captive 112
J-- S?^ Ilnk 112 j 437 Nonchalance ....114
430 Mlstleton 104 |
«n?^ th » Race^"^ven and one-half furlongs,
selling. 3-year-olds and upward.
440 ¥} ?J-. oro P4 43 ° Collins 109
";;.;>• „ H * Chang. 94 435 Veloz 106
«33 £* nen ? e 'a "2 437 Red Glenn ....109
im\ £ a , msln •-• 109 «6 S'g and Dance. lo9
(433) Palmeraton ...112 1 433 ICser Ludwig.lC9
ay »l ace ~""2 lile anil one-sixteenth, gelling.
4-jear-olds and upward.
( i«? "? zard I'M 430 Cromwell 102
383 ™ £ a  105 «7 Heritage 99
44.. Miss Ruth .... 97 (421) Versonne ..... 110
m xSKiVix^Jgl 4 ° B Schiller 107
411 Lorena ir.. .
5-ixth Race-Six furlonsra. selling. 3-year-olds.
.. huahna ...iw 441 Sorrow 67
( "if> *J ?tr ;, Mariner. » 439 Rebel Jack ....102
'?. |JJar. ard yr 107 ! (424) Bonlto 107
411 Blarney gtone.ll2 441 BalUster 99
SELECTION'S FOR TO-DAT.
Kwnlgin"* 0 *" 1 Don-t Know, Roadwarmer,
tin 600 " 3 Race Alma El Venado, Jack Mar-
Third Raoe— Ootobed, Mlstelton. Captive.
Collins Ilace - pa ln>erston. LI Hung Chang,
F . lf !ll J ac^ ers °nne Cromwell, Lorena.
Sixth Race— Sorrow. Bonita. Blarney Stone.
Asthma, bronchitis, cure gruaranfd. Dr Gor
din's Sanitarium, M 4 I'inr. r,r. Kearny, S.F., Cal
HANDBALL SPORTS.
The Usual Sunday Exercise Kept
Up at Ryan's Court on
Howard Street.
Phil Ryan at his court, 845 Howard
street, had a monopoly of the handball
sport yesterday. John Condon has tem
porarily closed down his place of amuse
ment at the Occidental court, conse
quently the players, or such of them as
could get a chance to warm up at their
favorite pastime, hied themselves to the
San Francisco court, where the prime
was kept up the entire day and far into
the dusk of the evening.
The games were, as is usual, played
with much vigor and dash, as some of
the local champions were in their best
condition especially the four-handed
s^ e T. ct * ween Bockman and Sheehan,
with Waterman and Prendergast on the
opposite side.
. he day's sport was bulletined as fol-
, J. K. Bookman and D. J. Sheehan de
feated L,. Waterman and X. J. Prender
gast. Score 21—18. 16—21. 21—15
t A ;.*'V Ti obin n 1 J - M - Kelly defeated
li-a 21-50 Brown. Score 21—16.
P. Ryan and M. Basch defeated If
and J. Hogan. Score 21—13, 15—21,
M. McLaughlin and J. Hogan defeated
uL2i° > 'i— r and M. Bascn - Score 21-12.
R. Shay and J. Hunt defeated W Me-
Namara and R. Shields. Score 21—11.
lo — *.! , LI — 19,
P. Duffy and P. Basch defeated H.
Peters and T. Finn. Score 21—14, 13—21,
J. NN hite and K. Curley defeated E.
Toy and -M. Maguire. Score 21—13 15—21
21— IS.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated
J. Rinrdan and R. Linehan. Score 21—14,
NEW TO-DAY.
nnai?T Let WHISKY get the BEST
llm 1 of you. GETthe BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the
U4 "I DISTILLERY
■ BOTTLING OF
M PEPPER
■S3 '' 1 X II I J I 1 1 1
#\i| WHISKY
-««w\ Hil mj Bottled and Di»-
>^JS R<^ Jas.E, Pepper
t&8@BW& & Co.,
JgßLs^iJj. Lexington, Ky.
/ / ~*>— Zlk m cautioH JJp |] Under the urns
/// I'^gS'ttSSZZ'-ES** ' l FORMULA for
// / J|si|==sl==4=^^ ' more than 100
/ ' / /^IQSSSKWtS^ITSWI 1 YEARS ;is guartn-
,7 ' tood A3SOLUTE-
■I , \^^l^^^M^, ' LV the PUREST
// /^ and BE ST in the
j -■^•^"^r^''^ ' Sample Case $15.
Y'jfoj ''^^ Js^^aHr ' I which* if not satis*
>4 ~*'&L * v~»~v ~»~ I^B*^"'-^ 1 factory, can be re-
''"* JhPPBWS I *" I turned and money
■Wfli <'■ ''■' / ?O§Ss*^^ I wi " fee refunded -
iffl/ y**6oiff»rt<x( Carroll
V m^^^^ ' CARROLL,
Sole Agents for th«
Pacific Coast.
Will Cash Pepper Coupons.
I PERFECTION. :. :
1 CUISINE TSERYIGE }
j * —IN THE— *
JLADIES' GRILL*
! %*FALACE. I
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
***********#****■*#*#**##***#
— |
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful rphroaisiac and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
jMi^^ CVKEo -^/m g- I^. >perm a t r r a,
gmfm ia i to j i»r»\B vvhites, unnatural dii-
Jff Gn * » nt " d 43 ctiargM, or any infl»mma-
H«*M not to ■trleture. w tion. irritation or ulcor»-
?P~3JFreTenu eoniagion. tlon of <u> uc O v mein-
¥•'* yH£EYAW3 ChemicilCo. oranrs. Non-a«tringent.
*^\ciNCiN.NATI,O B I Sold by Drnjjl»(»,
%l^A. U.S.A. >»Syr 8(<! » t In plain wrapper,
* TlßHhi d#Ti x 7 express, prepaid, for
■■J^SH ■I^^ ■ 1 1 - 00 or betting, ?2.75.
1 «W y V ■ Circular r»nt on r«<jueet.
NEW TO-DAY.
. GOOD TIMES HAVE GOME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
K33J9 /NEW YORK Ssj^ TCVRSQffIr
gkJ IWn TwHK ffga lllvßD&xf
■world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly — a wider
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
and women of culture and refinement than any
journal — published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a a 6-pagB
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing tho
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by tha
best- writers of the day and a mass of short
stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc.
Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
STou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, 50
cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
by numbers, to
TOIV.V TOPICS.
308 Fifth Avenue, Xew York.
•—THE SAL!! OF A SOUL. n>- C. M. S. McLeKan.
THE COUSIN OF THE KINO. By A. S. VanWestrum.
B— SIX MONTHS IN HADE.?. By Clarice I. Clineham.
9-THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
xo— ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
11— AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion
M— AN' UNSPEAKABLE SIREN. By John Gilliat.
13— THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold K. Vynne.
14— A DEAL IN DENVER. By Oilmcr M Kendree.
IS— WHY! SAYS GLADYS. By David Cluhtie Murray.
16— A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By 1.. H. BicVford.
17— A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold K. Vynne.
18— OUT OF Til SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
"-THE WRONG MAN. By Ch.-impion Bisscll.
ao— THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vivanti
Chartres.
»r— HER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R.Vynno.
si— ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Gilliar,
«*-* MARTYR TO LOVE. By anna E. Wood.
jjy§||y^ Loan Wanted.
curit y n am ? le an<i
borrower a business
us s a t Eiy office.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
fiOO MARKET ST.. OPP. FAL.ACH
"OO Hotel. Telephone 670. Resldenca SdJ .
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" 15.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
fIUDMNKB GOTUOB a C? ussiti *»<■.*««,»
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
Farewell Performance on Saturday Evening.
WHAT A CITY IS MEXICO! IS IT?
The Quaintest of the Quaint,
WILLIE COLLIER,
In the Funniest of the Funny.
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
Next Monday— "THE GIRL. FROM PARIS."
fRICDLANDER GOTHCB bC° limits
TELEPHONE MAIN 1731.
' Give me a play full of plnger,
Where life and jollity reign,
And in laiißhter prolific "
I'll find a specific
For all Ills— real or feigned.
IT COMES TO-NIGHT.
Rich and Harris' Splendid Comedy Production
COURTED INTO COURT.
A Great Cast, headed by Marie Dressier and
John C. Rice.
Week Commencing Monday. Jan. IT.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
THE KNABEN-KAPELLE,
40 LITTLE NATUHAL-BORN MUSICIANS.
RICE & ELMER. Comedy Athletes; CAR-
TER DE HAVEN. Diminutive Comedian; Mr-
MONT & DUMONT. High-class Musical Spe-
cialists; KNIOHT ASTON, Australian Tenor
Robusto; PROF. ■: \i.i..\xi>o. Lightning Clay
Modeler; PATRICI & CO.. and others.
Reserved seats. 2.~>c; Balcony, lye; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Ernestine Krei. ing. Proprietor &, Manager
TO-NIGHT.
The Musical Event of the Season,
The Romantic Comic Opera,
"BRIAN BORU!"
A story of Ireland many hundred years ago.
First Appearances of
MR. ARTHUR DONALDSON, Barytone.
MR. CHARLES CHARTERS,
Character Comedian.
Great Cast.
Special Scenery. Correct Costumes. ■■
Appropriate Accessories.
Enlarged Chorus Augmented Orchestra.
"The Harp That Once Thro' Tara's Halls."
Popular Prices 25c arjd 50c
AT G-A7AD-- PRICEs - 50
W-fTLZ-fi-\.r\ 160, 25 e, 350, 50
-TO-NIGHT-
DOUBLE BILL.
At 8:15 promptly, Pauldlng's Pathetic Play,
".A. 3^C^.3ST 7 S LOVE!"
At 9 o'clock sharp, Dion Bouclcault's Farce,
"FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
Drama,
"THE BLUE AND THE GRAY!"
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. The
Acme Quartet in War and Camp Songs. A.
Strong Cast, New Scenic and Mechanical
Effects. A thrilling 1 story of the struggle for
the Union.
Evening prices— loc. 23c and -„,..
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
DELIGHTED !— THOUSANDS YESTERDAY SAW
CHIQUITA !
ASK ANY OF THEM ABOUT HER.
Cuba's Atom. The Smallest Woman on Earth.
She is Positively the
MARVEL OF? THIS mge i
Dally Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening, RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children. Be.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, IS'.»7-9S. Bosrtnnlne MONDAY
January 10 to January 23, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES II DA
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Kerry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30. 1:00. 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M..
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Vrack at 4:!5
and 4:4b P. M., and Immediately after the last
race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS TR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
Howard st., between Third and Fourth
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. : 2 to 4:80
p. m.; 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission, ldcj
Gents* Skates, 15c; Ladies Skates, Free.
:-:• — ■•- -_
78
BUSINESS BEFORE SENTIMENT.
"You old fellows who coil up your line of life here In the city, making the
same old turns day after day until finally the last fathom haß been paid in.
pnsH such a routine existence that you have no conception of the sort of life
that we fellows, who pass three-fourths of our time on blue water, eke out,"
said the old sea captain.
"You read of the life of Jack afloat out of books written by men WhOM
sea experience consists of passing over a river on a trestle and imagine you
know all about it. You think that It is all fun and romance, but we old
Bhell-backs, to whom it is a business, are a rather practical lot of old
duffers and look :it things in a different way.
"Point Hope, which lies about 300 miles Inside the Arctic Circle, Is a
place of rendezvous where the whaling fleet put in "tween seasons' to see
each other and have a gam.
"One Sunday morning a few years ago there were about thirty of us
lying there, amongst whom was Cogan, commanding the Bounding Billow.
Cogan bad a man aboard who had been laid up for some time with the
scurvy and who had finally died. As there was no particular business on
hand Cogan decided to bury the fellow in first-class style, and accordingly
Bent Invitations to all the other captains In the whaling fleet to assist at
the funeral. We accordingly went over at the appointed hour and there
found the man neatly sewed up in a piece of canvas with a shot at his feet
all ready to be launched in a seamar.-Uke manner. Cogan came up on deck
dressed for the occasion and carrying a ponderous Bible In his hand. We
all gathered around and stood with uncovered beads while he read the ser
vice for the burial of the dead, and though I am not much given to senti
1 must say that the slc:ht of the outlined human form under the can
vas with a few miserable articles of wearing apparel, representing all that
he had to show for thirty years of hard work before the mast, piled up
alongside it. and we old weather-beaten tarpaulins standing around with
uncovered heads, was a sight to afford food for the reflection of a moralist.
"As the service proceeded the gravity of the occasion seemed to impress
Itself on every one. and as the rough eloquence of Cogan continued the ten
sion became extreme. Just about the time when the captain had reached
the climax of his rhetoric, the mahogany-faced cherub who was up aloft
in the crow's nest sang out "there she blows." The service came to a sud
den stop, Cogan gave one look up to the masthead and another at the
body, and his face was a study as he struggled between professional in
stinct and reverence for the dead. Instinct won the day. 'Heave that
thing overboard and lower away. Twenty dollars to the first boat that gets
an iron in,' he thundered. The corpse was shot Into the water like a bolt
out of a catapult, and a wild scramle ensued for the boats alongside in
which the visitors and those belonging to the vessel alike participated.
About thirty boats' crews took part in the exciting race toward that whale
they followed. Hut though they chased it until far Into the night they never
succeeded in striking it. I guess the dead man must have squared things
by hoodooing their luck."
AT REST NEAR
LOVED ONES
The Body of Mrs. Shafter
Now Lies in the Na
tional Cemetery.
The Funeral Ceremony Marked
With Simplicity and Im
pressiveness.
A Woman Loved and Respected
by All Who Knew
Her.
The funeral of Mrs. Harry A. Shafter,
the wife of General Shafter, took place
yesterday at 2 o'clock from her late home
at Fort Mason.
It was distinguished for its simplicity.
The coffin was covered with chiffon and
violets, and the f!>>ral pieces from her
sorrowing friends were many.
Rev. Horatio Stebbins conducted the
services at the house and Chaplain lfc-
Comber, from Angel Island, those at the
graveside. Six B of the First In
fantrj Rn Th> ■ w :
Captain J, J. O'Connell, Captain James S.
lettit. Captain C. G. Starr, Captain F. D.
Carrington, Captain L. I. Grant and
, n N. I. Fhoster. Allthe officers of
the Presidio attended the funeral in full
uniform, and all the enlisted men, of the
First Regiment of Infantry, General Shaf
;.::.. nl . :: a body.
There was no music, and the services,
both at th-- house and cemetery , were
brief. The Interment was in General
r's plot in the- National Cemetery,
at 1
Mrs. Shafter was one of the most loved
women of San Francisco, and was a
m» mhor of the Century Club.
She was born in Rom.-. N V.. in 1840. She
met ) id, who was then lieuten
nnt ■ ■ - Mich., and was married
In 1563. During the tim* of war, as well
peace, she was ever by her hus
e Pide, his helpmate and constant
::'on.
She leaves a larpp circle of friends to
m<ui'-n be- loss, and her husband and
rirvel tor. Mrs. McKlttrlck, have been the
ents of many messages of condol
ence.
IDOLATRY IN THE CHURCH-
The Polished Idol of Denorrjloa
tionalism and the Golden
Calf.
"Church Idols" was the theme of Oliver
C. Miller, pastor of the Church of the
Holy Spirit, yesterday at the morning
service.
The speaker selected his text from Ho-
Bea, Jriv:B: "What have I to do any more
with ldolB?" and said in part:
"The chapter from which our text Is
taken records one of the happiest scenes
in the history of Israel— God returning to
hf-al their backslidlngs and love them
freely because they forsook their idols.
Oh. that this scene might be re-enacted In
our nation. When the church of to-day
le weighed in the balance, it is found
wanting, it requires but a glance to re
veal the fact that she is full of idolatry.
I recently talked with a number of ear
nest ministers of all denominations, and
it was the verdict of all that therf- is
something wrong with the church. What
is it but idolatry? Yes, idolatry. There
stands before us the polished idol of de
nominationailstn set right up in the tern
pie of the living God. Holy Ghost power
is not confined to isms, be they Catholi
cism, Calvinism, Lutheranism or any
other ism. If either Calvin or Luther
could return to the earth to-day, they
would with fiery indignation resent their
names standing lor the pure Gospel of
Christ. Although 1 am a clergyman of
the. Evangelical Lutheran Church, and
am at no variance with its Scriptural
Christocentrlc doctrines, yet will I suffer
Ho denominational walls to come betwe* n
me and my brethren in Christ Jesus, such
as are sealed with the spirit. I can hard
ly believe that denoim nationalism was
ever ordained of God; it is rather the ab
normal than the normal development of
Christian faith and practiced 1 believe
that In these the closing days of the !
Spirit's dispensation be is about to sound j
the death-knell of deiiorninationallsm, i
and elect or call out, from all denomina
tions, those whom be has sealed as heirs
of salvation and who love to watch for '
their Lord's appearing. At Christ's first
coming he broke through al! the existing ;
forms of ecclesiasticism, and so it will be
With his second coming. Oh, for some
Fplrit-filled man, like A«a of old, to cast
out from the Church of the Living God
this polished idol of denominationaiism.
"Then there Is the idol of idealism
Btalking into the very holy of holies of
the church of Christ. .Men fancy their
own Ideals of a perfect life, instead of ac
cepting by faith the only perfect Ideal,
Christ Jesus, the only perfect typal man. j
Then, too, the hideous idol of Self is set
up right around the communion altar of
the Saints. Despite all etYorts to counter
feit the Chrlßt-Ufe within humanity,
there are really only two kind.s of lives,
the self-centered and the Christocentiic.
Christ is the great supplanter. When he
conr-s in Self must be put out. NotwitTi-
Btandlng God's awful warning to his an
cient people, the Golden Calf is uplifted
in both pulpit and pew, and the majority
of those enrolled in the church fall pros
trate before him in adoration. Here we
find the reason why the church has lost
the respect of and her hold upon the
masses. Among these idols is one most
dangerous, because most popular; the idol
of worldly pride and fashion, flaunting Its
deceptive finery In the very face of God
before whom all Idols must fall. Although
th,« time, for the annual revival ia now on,
we need expect no permanent results for
good, unless the people obey Un- cry of
God's prophet unto the house *>f [i
"Thus saith the Lord. Repent, and turn
yourselves from your Idols." It will n^t
do to have a few weeks of revival fervor
and hallelujahs to the Lord, and then go
back to desecrate the house of God with
merchandise and worldly entertainment.
God declares that we must put aw I
these Sduls before he will pour out his
spirit in power and lasting effect upon
his people. The salvation of our nation
depends upon its return to God. who in
myriad voices is crying throuph these
'perilous times.' 'O Israel, return unto
the Lord thy God; for thou hast fallen
by thine iniquity.' Happy our lot could
we hear th* call of mercy, and return,
saying, 'What have I to do any more with
idols?' "
THE BROKEN HEARTED.
The Sermon Preached by Rev. J.
A. B. Wilson Last Nig^t.
At the Howard-Street kfethodlsi Epis
copal Church last nipht the pastor. Rev.
J. A. B.Wilson, preached on "Heart Heal
ing," from Luke. lv:lS: "He hath sent me
to heal the broken-hearted." He said in
part:
The broken-hearted are the subjects of
gospel endeavor. Broken hearts may t>»
healed, not helped merely, and for this
very purpose the gospel was sent into the
world. It is a great commission to I
sociated with th^ Savior in this beneficent
mission of healing the broken-hearted.
The fact is. the world is full of broken
hearts. I once thought that people of very
large means were i-xcmjit from such ex
periences, but I have lonp sir
that th> re are no exemptions In this way.
<;•"! helps us. Yes. he does help us. f..r
"He hath sent m*» to heal the broken
hearted." I know the healer, and can
point every broken-hearted to his al
mighty, all-tender, all-helping power.
JESUITS HONOR
A FEAST DAY
Celebrate Solemn High Mass
in Honor of the Sacred
Name.
Archtolshop Rlordan Delivers a Ser
mon on the Subject of
Christ.
Solemn hiph mass was celebrated at St.
Ignatius' Church yesterday morninj? In
honor of the feast of the Sacred Name of
! Jesus.
His Rraco, Archbishop Riordan, deUv
' ered an eloquent sermon at the m:
j the subject of Christ and his life, touch
j Inp the earliest Institution of the church
| and its remarkable existence to the pres
• day, aftf-r nineteen hundreil yean <>f
j steady growth, since the birth of the
Savior.
"Christ, when he came into the world,
put himself into a three-fold aspect,"
said the preacher, "in the way of the
world, and the way of eternal life."
The speaker then entered a lone dis
cussion on the history of the church from
its foundation to the present time, and
spoke of the imperishable rock it has
stood upon since its creation, outliving
the rise and fall of temporal dynasties
and the birth, growth, and death of vari
ous system of philosophy.
"Of all the systems that man has ever
tried." said the preacher, "not one <;tn
outlive the everlasting system that Christ
has founded and incorporated into his
holy churr-h."
The concluding remarks of the sermon
were devoted to a beautiful tribute t<> tin;
Jesuit priests, the good work they have
accomplished and the assistance they
have rendered to the Archbishop and the
diocese over which he governs.
The mass was celebrated by the Rev.
Father Vossl, he being assisted by the
Rev. Father Buckley as deacon and
Father Carroll as .sub-deacon. Father
Mulligan, from St. Mary's Cathedral,
acted as master of '•■rfmonies; he was
assisted by F.-ither Butler.
The altars were decorated beautifully
with white roses and myriads of wax
candles. Riga's mass was chanted by a
choir of forty male voices, accompanied
by the new organ.
Diaries, memorandums, calendars, dally
! journals, blank books and good printing
at Sanborn & Vails. •
Cyclers' League.
The interest in baseball among the
wheHmen is unabated. Yesterday's
games were Rttended by many -followers
of the sport, and the same enthusiasm
that has Deen shown in cycling was man
ifested.
The Acme Wheelmen defeated the
Olympic Cyclers in one of the closest
games played since the beginning of the
tournament by a score of 7 to 6.
The Olympic Wheelmen had very little
trouble in lowering the. colors of the Re
liance Wheelmen. Score 18 to 9.
YOUNG LADIES INSTITUTE.
A vlsltlne board has been organized. The
members of this board will in a body visit
all the branches of the institute in this city
and in the counties bordering: on the bay.
The reports that are coming at this time are
all favorable. The per capita tax Is now due.
Reports show that the treasury of each of the
local branches is In pood condition and there
is also a showing of increase in the head
quarters' fund.
Branch No. 2 will Install Its officers on Fri
day and refreshments will be served.
REGULAR ARMY AND NAVY UNION.
The following named have been Installed as
officers of California Garrison. Regular Jrmy
ami Navy Union, for the current term: K. J.
Schneider. C. ;- R. !-•. Devprell. B. V. C. ; Will
iam Grosh. J. V. C. ; F. A. Hwhter, A A It
Holzheld. P. M., 1,. F. Guidet. Q. ; Robert M---
Kfy. chaplain; J. E. Xytreen. O. of D. ; J.
Newman. O. of G.: D. Bennett. O. of W ; F
Fltiß-erald and Rohert McKey, tru»teen. Dur
ing the evening there were present members of
other garrisons.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXITAUT 17, 189 S.
WHITEWASHED
THE ALERTS
Santa Cruz Administers a
Heavy Coating of That
Material.
Photographers Unable to Score
Against Their Clever
Opponents.
"Brother" Joe Corbett Struck Out
With Three Men on Bases.
Other Games.
If Photographer Bushnell could have
caught a snap shot of the look of dis
consolatif >n that Temporary Manager
Bob Mitchell wore In the eighth Inning
of yesterday's game, when the Santa
Cruz team were parading the bases and
the players under his chaperonage
were afflicted with such an aggravated
case of rattles that they forgot the
first rudiments of the game, he would
need no more to dabble in the national
sport for the sale of a picture of genial
Hull's countenance would have been a
veritable Klondike.
During the first part of the game
Bob's smile was like a ray of sunshine,
which seemed to overspread the crowd
suffusing it with warmth. Bushneli
had turned over the management of his
team to him for the day, and Bob al-
Lowed himself to indulge in not a few
dreams of returning to his superior
with the glad tidings of vitory. But
when the Santa Cruz team began to
hammer Mr. Moskiman around the lot
the smile gradually disappeared, giving
way to a look of sorrow painful to be
hold.
AJert sympathisers lay the blame of
the team's defeat to auburn-han ed
"Bill" Devereaux, whom they charge
with carrying the remains of his mus
tache In his busi •m, and which acted
as a potent influence.
Whatever the cause was, the Alerta
were defeated, and badly at that. Al
though errors were made in plenty the
game was an Interesting one, and was
much enjoyed by the Cans. Both teams
were strengthened for the occasion
with players who have made nam> s in
thi- baseball world. The Alerts played
Lange of Reliance, "Brother Joe" Cor
f the Baltimore! and Iberg of the
California Markets. In the Santa Cruz
ranks were Peoples of th- Olympics,
Stulz and Borland of Reliance and
Doyle of the s.mta Claras.
Santa Crus was the more fortunate
In having men who could bat. ami ow
ing t.i this fact they gained their vic
tory.
I T p to the eighth Inning Iberg pitched
great ball, allowing only seven hits off
his delivery and striking out six men,
thn f them succumbing to his skill
fn one inning. For an unknown rwson
he cave way to M>>skiman In th^ sev
enth, and from that time the Alerts'
chance >\w Indled.
Three runs were all that Santa Cruz
could stack up to the eighth inning.
and twice during tlv game th<» AWts
came near evening the score, but luck
was against them.
"Brother Joe" had an excellent
chance to distinguish himself In the
sixth when there -vere three men on
bases, but all he could do was to fan
out.
Borland's heavy battlnpr and
Schmeer's many errors were the only
other noticeable Incidents of the game.
Following is the score:
santa CRUZ. An. R. mi. SB. PO. a. E.
Williams, ps 5 10 0 3 6 1
Ptulz. p. f 5 111110
Pevereauz. lb 5 2 2 2 14 0 1
Peoples. 3b 6 1110 5 1
Btreib. c 4 114 6 0 0
Borland, c. f 4 2 3 0 0 0 0
Doyle. 1. t. &. p 4 1110 2 1
Arellanes. 2b 6 13 0 3 3 1
Balz, p. & I. t 4 110 0 4 0
Totals 41 11 11 9 27 20 5
ALERTS. AM. K. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
O'Kane. 1b I 0 1 0 M 0 0
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 7 3 2
Hardle, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Lanpre. 3b 3 0 0 2 2 3 2
Corhett. 1. f 4001000
Eajran. c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Webber, 2b 4 0 10 0 10
Ib*nr. v 3 0 1116 0
Schmeir, ss 4 0 0 0 3 3 4
M. skiman, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 0 6 4 24 15 8
RUN'S BY IXNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 1110 0 8 •— ll
Base hits 0 2 12 2 0 0 6 •— l3
Bushnell Alerts 00000000 o—o
Base hits 21001001 0— r>
Earned runs — Santa Cruz 1. Three-base hit—
Arellanes. Two-base Borland 2. Sacri
fice hit— Hammond. Ml base on errors. San
ta Cruz 4. Alerts 4. First base on called balls-
Santa Cruz 3, Alerts 2. Left on bases —
Cruz 11. Alerts 2. Struck out— By Balz 1. by
Mosklman i. by Iber* 6. by >•■>!•■ 2. Double
plays— Williams to Devereaux. Williams to Arel
lanes to Devereaux. Passed balls— Hammond
2. Time of tnmfi 1 hour and 40 minutes. Um
pire— Mertes.
Commercial League.
Despite the threatening; weather quite
a crowd of fans went out to the Com
mercial League grounds at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets yesterday and saw the
White House team defeat the Altos.
The game was a little one sided owing
to the heavy batting of the dry-goods
representatives. Keely's work at second
stamped him as being the right man for
that position. The ground was a little
soggy from rains, but the live ball trav
eled over It with speed enough to make
the players move around lively. Score:
Runs. Hits. Errors.
White House IS 11 3
Altos 5 3 6
Batteries— White House. Russell and Eager;
Altos, Whelan and Boole.
Other Games.
The threatening weather did not keep
the small boy from enjoying his favorite
pastime. Many games wpre played,
among: which are the following:
• Cliff House Javarlcas 9, Belmonts 2;
California Market Jrs. 9. Santa Cruz B;
Mid^etfl 11. James G. Phf>lans 0; Young
Olympics 21. Emporium Jrs. 8; Young
Umatlllas 32, Young Midgets 10; Teals 13.
Young Sodality 6: Howards 13, Examiner
Mascots 11; Young Clevelands 9, Young
Callfornias 4: National Stars 11. Mission
Stars 3: Young California Mark. 12,
•Young Marines 2.
NEW TO-DAY.
*W[M JApAn Tea
W/j (F/ I ~~' s P re P are d
&LS^^ with, except-
\*^\}SlJßJ*Jj^ / ional care and
leaves and
/ I \\^ a '" their
*[l \ X strength and
'^ flavor retained.
•^ All tea must pass official
— ■ inspection in Japan.
A cup of Japan Tea
"invigorates in the morning
. and refreshes at night."
THE X-RAY ON
DURRANT'S LIFE
Rev. W. E. Dugan Draws
Deductions Regarding
His Fate.
He Declares That Appeals Were
Made to the Wrong
Tribunals.
Thinks Christ Was Neglected in Early
Life— a Synonym iop the
Subject.
Theodore Durrant Is df»ad— ln body.
But In the minds of the preachers he
lives yet, lives as ai; •"> • -Hasting ex
ample at which to point the moralizing
finger.
The first thus to draw deductions
that will attract the attention of the
public in any marked degree is the
Rev. E. Dugan, pastor of Stewart
Memorial Church. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third. The reverend gentle
man not only thought that Durrant's
spiritual nature must have been neg
lected in early life, but believed it so
strongly that the title of his sermon,
"The cry of That Father's Heart tor
His Son," might well have been, "Of
Ali Bad Words of Tongue or lvn, the
lest are These, it Might I
Been." The subject was taken from
John iv:4!«.
'The man whom the text treats of."
he said, "was a nobleman holding a
position of wealth and power, but
neither of these had any (harms for the
iron heart of death. The curtains were
drawn, there was a hush in the house,
the child was at the poini "f death, and
in an agony of despair the man went
to Christ with the cry of his heart for
the life of his son.
"When The 'lore Durrant had
1 arrested and tak.-n into the cowl
i this city and that web of circumstance
! had bten drawn tightly around him
which ended in his conviction and fin
ally in his execution — .luring all this
i time that mother's heart was going out
in yearning. In earnest pleading to the
i courts of San Francisco, to the Gov
ernor of our State, to the authorities
at Sacramento, to the authorities at
Washington, and to .-•»•••! y one from
: whom there was any h ■■• f deliver
ance from the- awful fate that lay be
fore her boy, but she was pouring out
her lamentations and petitions to those
who had no power to gne her back h^r
son.
"Had she with as mucn yarning of
h^art gone to God with that boy in
his teens, the inoid'-nt which has p
a blot on the record of that family,
and has been the noted criminal case
of the century, never would have hap
pened. Jesus Christ Is the only one
who has power to bring deliverance
to those who are troubled. That is
the source to which she should have
gone earlier In his life, before the
of spiritual death and decay had
its Inception."
Th< rest of the pastor's sermon dealt
in generalities. He was listened to
with the closest attention by his au
dience, and at the conclusion of the
service many pr-ssed forward to con
gratulate him < n th» <vay he had
i treated his theme.
ANNIE PIGGOITS
SELF-BANISHMENT
The Noted Pickpocket Prom
ises to Leave the
Country.
There Is Great Danger, However, of
Her Getting Homesick After a.
Little While.
San Francisco's exclusive criminal so
ciety in somewhat agitated over the pros
pective lot of one of its Bwagger set.
Miss Annie Pigpott. alias Annie Pickett,
famous as a modern reproduction in fe
male form of "The Artful Dodger," has
formally announced her Intention of de
parting for foreign shores.
To tell the plain, somber truth about
Annie, she is one of the most notorious
pickpockets and one of the worst all
round crooks ever known In this city,
of which she Is a native. She is about
twenty-five years old according to the
calendar, but if reckoned on the gauge of
her transgressions her age should be told
In decades.
The police have arrested Annie a great
Hustling and hasty meals often play havoc with the traveling man's
digestion. An experienced commercial man, who spends most of his
time on the road, states that he never allows himself to be without a
supply of
RiPANS TABULES
lie takes four or five Tabules a week, always one after a hearty or hurried
meal, sttd finds them a might}' nice thing. For all those ails that come
from indigestion, dyspepsia and a lazy liver there is no remedy so
certain as
RSPANS TABULES.
many times on charges of soliciting,
vagrancy, pocket-picking and other in
discretions—her great forte being in the
line of "light-fingered work," She has
been remarkably fortunate, however, both
in eluding arrest and escaping punish
ment after conviction, and she has in
dulged not a little In the pastime of
laughing in her sleeve at outraged jus
tice.
The Plckett woman was for a long time
a pal of the notorious May Bonner, who
was run out of the country by a threat
ened prosecution several months ago. The
last victim of this precious pair was an
old man from Tulare County whom they
encountered on Market street, one night
last summer, and enticed into a doorway
on Grant avenue, where they relieved his
pockets, of $206. The visitor soon discov
ered his loss, and. enlisting the aid of
•lice, had the women arrested. They
red to escape punishment by re
runding the money on an agreement with
their victim that they should n<n be
prosecuted. This plan was worked by
these operators, singly and as a team, in
numerous Instances where the exigency
of the • mnl to demand such a
sacrifice on the Ir part
Aboul six months later Annie was
brought up with a round turn in the
p.. lice court arid given the choice >••■
leaving the country and taking a
long term behind the bars. She chose the
exile form of punishment and left for the
After abiding for a Beason in Bos
ton and N. w V..rk. sd.- returned to this
city several weeks ago, although she has
been "laying low" since her arrival. She
was recently apprehended, however, and
arrested on a charge <,f vagrancy. She
appeared before Judge Cook last" Satur
day morning, when Attorney Leonard, her
counsel, asked that her case be continued
one week, stating that his client would
quit this country "for good" and Invade
Hawaii in order to escape prosecution
The court agreed to this plan for the
prisoner's country's good, placing her case
on the reserve calendar, so that if she
does not "stay put" in her voluntary ex
lie she may be given the proper sort of
judicial welcome on her next home-com
ing.
It may he that San Francisco Is one
pickpocket short— and it may be that the
gentle Annie will return hither anon, hav
ing merely taken a course of digital mas
which shall render her more pro
fi( lent than ever In the smooth details
of her infamou« Rrt.
THE FIGEL CASE.
It Will Coroe Up for Tria! Before
Judge Carroll Cook;
To-Day.
The trial of Theodore Fipel for the mur
der of Isaac Hoffman will come before
Judpe Cook this morning, and it is almost
a certainty that this time the case will
proceed without further delay.
Fipel Is now out on bonds of $100,000, his
sureties being his father. Joseph Figel,
his mother, S. H. Seymour and J. F.
Plummell.
The case will include but little more
than was d*>velop»-,l at the preliminary
hearing, *x<-. pt that the fiefei
a little more latitude in exposing the fam
ily r.'hiti'.ns ..f the Hoffmana in order to
■ut the suicide theory. All such evi
<i.-ncp was ruled out at the preliminary
h< aring, and objections to al! questions
touching upon Hoffman's homo Ufe were
sustained. Flgel hopes the Superior Court
will rul^ differently.
About fort) 9 have been sub
fur the trial - ■ far.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
The nfflr-ers of Court Lincoln were Insta!lpil
last Monday nlKht. M. B. i?urlinKame Is chief
ranxer and It. N. MrL»'nna:i reonrding secre
tary.
I~ast Tuesday High Sub Chief Ranger Boehm
instituted a new court at Paloma with twen
ty-eight charter members.
NEW TO-DAY.
London Graphic
, statesthatthesaleofcocoahasincreasedin the
Bxitisk l>!rs enoTSlO—ly in the last few years
and the time will come when it will entirely
supplant tea. The trouble with tea is that
i;s protracted use plays havoc with the dij?es-
n and nerves of niost people, while cocoa
i-i sustaining and digestible aud has no ob-
jectionable effects.
GHIRARDELLI'S
COCOA,
the fresh Pacific Coast cocoa, is the favorite
cocoa of all and always the freshest — 32 cups
1!5 cts. V
I Wtth every can of cocoa ia given )
< by your grocer a samole cake of !
i S (Jhirardeliis delicious Monarch (
l ) chocolate. \
NEW TO-DAY.
CITY OF mMf PARIS
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
(
Special January Reduction Sale j
To-Day, Monday, January 17, we place on sale the c
following numbers of new and seasonable BLACK <
GOODS at astonishingly low prices. \
J±t SOo Yard. |
54 pieces ALL-WOOL TWINE SUITING AND CHEVIOTS (
Good Value for $1 Yard. (
J±t 75c Yard. (
25 pieces 46-INCH PIEROLLA CLOTH, J
Good Value for $1.25 Yard. (
J±t $1.50 Yard. f
18 pieces NOVELTY CREPON,
Worth $2 Yard. '■■ \
45 HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS, formerly $30 & $35, \
Reduced to $20 and $22.50. |
500 REMNANTS, 2to 6 yards, at HALF PRICE. - {
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. (
. (
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, [
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F., \
LJINIOIN SQUARE. i
vvise Men Sfi y
SfeS^rrS^i 'Health is better
than Wealth -"
■vj|;.;; S= |fslllr LIVER
Oil I Phosphates
.V.LiV^iaßß^ CURES
Consumption. Coughs, Colds, Bron-
chitis, Debility, Wasting Diseases,
Asthma, Influenza, Scrofulous
Humors, etc., etc.
Physicians prescribe It. All druggists -i*»ll It.
Ask for-WII,BOR'S and take DO otner.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
"foundry and furnace COKE.
I have on hand a large quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend It to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
tViiiyiM?MIBW
■when " unwell," for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex.
1 Recommended by the lead ins? French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three month*. Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, X. Y. Post Office.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC !
RAILWAY CO. V.V
Tiburon Ferry, Foot 01 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 1J:«5,
1:30, 6:10. 6: JO. p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdayo— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:20. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 8:38 1
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAvI FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
11:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :.'..*■ p. m and 6:35 p. m.
FVNDATS- 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. J:4O.
6:00, 6:!S p. m.
Between San Frane!3co and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave hiaflM Arrive
San Francisco. oct 21. | San Franclsc °-
Week ; Sun- w«ti Sun " ! Week
Days. I daya. Destination days. I days.
7:30 a.m. ;3:00a.m.) Novato, 10:40a.m. 1 s :40a.m.
S:3op.m. 9:30 a.m. Petalnma, t>:lop.m. 10:25 a.m.
5 lupin. !i:UUp.m.| Santa Boas. 7:35p.m. | :22p.m.
Fulton,
7:30 a.m. Windsor, • 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
S:. l Op.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
i 1 Hopland and I ~~
T:*3a.m. 191 9 00a.m. I Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:3Ua.m.j 1 1 10720a.ni.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:Ssp.m.
8 :30 p.m. I I : 6:22 p.m.
7:au;i.ui. S:Uoa.m. | Sonoma 10:40a.m.l 8:40 a.m.
and i
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. :10p.m. B:23p.nv
7 :30 a.m. S :(»a.m.l g^^ atcooT ll) "*oani.)lo:J6a.m.
3:30p.m. i0:U)p.m.l s>eDaatcpol. j 7:.V,!..mi. 7:-.'-> p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Holland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
VI. h> ings, Saratoga Sjxtna>, Blu-» Lakes
Laurel r*ll lAk«. Vi>per Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierlev.-i Buck-
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's Buck-
pell" s. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usa!. " "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all Dolntj
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Marl street. Chronlcla
building.
A. W." FOSTER. R. x RYAN
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A<t.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1537.
WEEK DATS
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •7:2s. »9-30
11:30 a. m.; M:45, 3:45. -Sao, 6:00, 6:30 p. 'm!
Extra tripe for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »3:oo. •10-00.
•11:30 a. m. , n:ls, 3:00. M:SO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:16 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fol
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a m.
■ Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
13, 1897.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. ; 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS-* .10:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:15 p. m
Special trips can be arranged fo by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market st. San
Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpals.
BALLB.OAD TRAVEL.
ISO! llll.KN I-A4 1FI« ««»MHV>V.
(I'ACirtO HVHTICM.}
Trnl«> lt-i\v«- mill »re tint* lit nrrlT* MS
MAN SltA>«'lS« *».
(Slain LfT:e, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From January 1. 1893. — a Hurra
•oroOA Miles, SaiiJosu and Way Stations... *»:43a
7:OO a. rtrnicia, Suisra find Sacramento 10:45 a
":t»<i a Marnrilie, OroTuloand Redding t!»
Woodland sjl2pj 12 p
7:00 a VacaTillo nnd Itumsey Bt43p
?::>(>a Martinez, San Uamon, Vallejo, Naps,
Cali^toga and Santa Itosa :... «ilsf
8r«OA Atlantic Express, Ogden and liost.. Bi*. r
» : ;i«»A Nilts, Sail .lime, (itoektoo, lone,
Sacramento, .^lHrJs^iil(•. Chico,
Tchamaacdlte'l lilufT " ||| 2 P
•»:aOA Peters, Milton ami Oakdale »<ilsp
«!«iia Few Orleans Kxpresu, .''•••reed, Ray-
mond. I'resno, Uakcralleld. Santa
lUrWura. I.: is Anyt.lcK, Demlng,
SI Paso, New Orleans an.l East. 6:43p
O:OOa Valltjo. Marti MeroeU and .
Fresno X*:l3p
•I:OOp Sacraaiento l.ivor Steamers "U:OOp
l:VOr mies. Han Jcsoacd Way SUtlons.. J«:I."Va
l>3Op Marticez un<l Way Stations 7:45p
£:OOp Livermore, He&dota, Hanford and
Vi3alia 4:13p
Livermore, Ban Jose, Niles »nd Way
Stations J10:1.%a
«i««p MartiiK-,., Sim Ramon. Vallejo,
Nm>:i, Calistnga, 111 Verano and
Santa Uosu Oil»4
4:««p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights landing, MaryßTille, *>ro-
ville and Sacramento IO:48a
4>3op Nllcs, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15p
4:30 - Lathri.;>, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mcjavo (for Ilar.dßburg),
Santa ltarbara and Ikm Angeles.. 7:4»a
4:S«p Santa I>'« Route, Atlunlic Impress
I.. 1 Woja*e si il 1 »st 8:4.-ip
1[3:30p " Sunset Limited," LO3 Angela*, El
. Paso, Fort Worth. Little liock, St.
Louis, Cbic&so and East §1 0:13 a
•:5:3«p " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East §lOjlsa
. «iOOr Kurui>ouu .Mail. < iriUmi and 12a8t.... 9:4.~» A
C:WOi> H.ivuur.ln, Niks und San .lose 7:45 a
(S:OOf Vallejo 17:45p
fctMtr Ort'KOU Kxpipbs, Sucrainento, Marys-
ville. Ite.l.lint, rortlan.l. I'nget
■^ Houiiil itn-1 I'iist 8;15a
SAN U..VNIIKO AMI IIAWVAUIK LOCAL.
Foot of Market Street.)
~FS:SOaT r tTI3a
8:OOa Melrow, Seminar}- Park, '* UAU A
l2:»«t Fltehburf,Elmhiint, \ui£
<I1:OOa Kan Lenndro, South San I2:l~>i>
»£??*[ Leandro, Estndlllo, &Hgj
•S:6op Lorenio. Cherry • t4:4.">p
4:<»Op . «5:45p
O:O«p I ann C:lop
0:30p I Haynardi. i 7:43p
7:<>op : 8:1".
8:0Cp i Rnns through to Niles. ' 9:43p
»:OOp t From Niles. lO:50p
ttiiiisp.; »"*^»ga. ma:»op
COAST IU VISION (.Narrow (»ange).
j (Foot of Market. Street.)
Sil»* Newark, Oonterri l lose,
Moulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiSOn
*3il3p Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Aliimden, Felton, )!oul«ler Creek,
Santa Cniz ami Principal Way
Stations «I©i.l»a
4:IA p Newark. Hail .lose and Los Oatos ... 9ißoa
flli43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations J7:20?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRiNCISCO— foot of Mirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ll:0(H.M. U:flO *2:00 t3:ooi
•4:00 ts:ofl '6:00 P.M.
?r»mOiKU»D— foot of Broailw»T.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
U2:00 *l:00 t3:00 j i 3:00i 3:00 ti:00 *5:00 p.m.
COAST IU VISION 1 Broad Uauge).
(Third and Townsend St 9.)
«i»sa S»n .lost- ami Way htati.nis (New '
Alm&den Wednesdays only) 6i3Sa
•:O«a Han Joso, Tret* f inos, Santa Cms,
Pacitic tirove, l'aso Kobles, Sau
I.iilb Oliisiwi, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny Stations 4ilsr
l«: J«a San .lose and Wny -Stations »S:OOa
I1:3Oa San J..so ami Way Stations 8:33 a
•2:3urSan Mat o. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cm/., Salinas.
■ ■ Monterey awl I'acilic (irove *IO:4O\ "
•S:l3p Sai!.i .-.«-• mid Principal Way Stations *9:OOa
•4tlsr Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•."V:n«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
5:3Ur Sau Jose awl Principal Way Stations 5:3 Up
«::;«!• San Jose iin. i Way Statious 7:20p
1ll:45i» Sail Jose mid Way Stations 7:2 Up
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excejite.l. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
ii Monday, Thur>,l>\ and Saturday nights only.
■1 Mondays and Thursdays.
i Wedni»«dsyß an. Bacur\i»ys.
rr^^gsrsii California
KSaffj LIMITED.
S^Sm iIVp B rf?>*^S SAN FRANCISCO
IBgagggSHj CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at Jturket-
Btreet Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— 644 Market »t..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak- "
: land Office — 111$ Broadway. Sacramento Of- •
fice— 2ol .! si
The Bent Railway — San Francisco to Chicago
i LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
I Thursdays; arrive Kansas City t;>o d m
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. -Louis ■;■&
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chlcaej
; »:43 a. m.. Fridays and Mondays. s
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
. Buffet Smoklas Cars and Pullman Pala.-a
! Bleeping Cars, '*'■*
This train carries First-Class Passengers
' only, but no extra charge is made
The ATLANTIC EXPR2SS, leaving dally at '■
4:W p. m.. carries Pullnan Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Oars on fast time d"-
; rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City
: for all points East. *"*
• New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert ■
I and a country that Interests by its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment ana meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dinlnc-rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 189?, trains will run *aa
follows: ■ »•«»■•
~" Southbound. I "j i Northbound."
gKSj i &£ 's^- i = : -
Daily. j Kxcptd: Kxc'p'td ! ' Daily.
7:20 a.m. 1 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:15 p.m. TT'TrTmT
; «:l0 a.m. 12:.% p.m.! Merced 12:50 pS I »mSS
10:40 a.m.: 8:50 p.m.. Fresno , J^am.^ 2 : 20 n"ml
11 :H> a.m. ; 6:20 p.m. Hanford i . :45 am. ! "115 „ S
12:15 p.m., 6:45 p.m. Vlsalia t 6:40 a.m^ li^Jo pnt
Stopping at Intermediate potato w.ben'-reaulrad!
Conuectiona-At Stockton 7 with steamboat* Jot
S& ?; »• i,92""« leavl "S San Francisco and
! Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
1 stages to and from Snelllngs. CoulUrvllle etc ■
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlposa, etc •
at Lankershlm with stage to and rrom Uader*. \
aera. ' . ' .A QUESTION
OF SENSE
Is Oakland Earnest in
Wanting a New
Charter?
A Review of the Future in
the Light of the
Past.
Tha City, Perhaps, Not So Full of
Cranks as Dr. Knox
Believes.
* Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Do the people of Oakland really want
a new charter? The,re is probably not
to be found within her borders a sin
gle citizen who does not admit the need
of a new organic law for municipal
government, but there is a possibility
that the many scandals connected with
the past few years Jiave created such
marked indifference on the part of the
public generally that they cannot be
persuaded that any charter can restore
decent government, and, corsequently,
the present movement may be defeated
by the very people who are desirous of
a change.
There is good reason for this public
Indifference. City Hall scandals and
quarrels have been so frequent that
they are no longer regarded with any
feeling of shame or significance. They
are accepted as a necessary part of City
Hall politics, which for a long time
have been associated with much that
Is generally regarded as undesirable.
To-morrow evening the Council will
take up the ordinance providing foT the
calling of an election of freeholders to
frame a new charter. As the expenses
of such an election were Included in the
annual tax levy, It Is certain that the
ordinance will finally pass. Important
as the measure is, there has not, up to
this time, been a single manifestation
of public Interest in it, and probably
not one in a hundred of the voters has
any idea that such a measure is before
the city government. As to the need of
It the events of the past are all the
proof that is necessary. Ta-day the
city government is more In politics in
every one of its departments than it
■was in the old time when city employ
ees stood outside the Council chamber
at its weekly meeting wondering
whether they were to be discharged or
retained.
The present charter was one im
provement upon this system, but com
pared with- the prevailing methods of
running the city government at this
time the old Board of Works that was
;t of office three years ago was a
paragon of propriety. It Is surprising
that there has not been more trouble
between the different departments <-f
the city government than there bas
been during the past three years. The
present charter was framed upon the
understanding: that there would be an
Irvir pendant Board of Works, yet, when
the board was abolished by a little
epasm of reform in 1895 and the present
system Instituted, no other changes
■were made, and consequently the city
charter is now an instrument being
carried out by the board, the consti
tution of which was never dreamed of
■when the cnarter was framed.
The citizens will soon be given an
opportunity to have a change, and they
should not be indifferent to it. Dire as
have been the failures of the past, this
is no reason why the present attempt
should prove fruitless. Reform move
ments are all very well when they are
honest; but in this city they are gen
erally born at a time when they are
able to accomplish the least good, and
se«m to go or be driven into hiding
•when most needed. At this time a pub
lic movement in favor of a new charter
that shall be an honest charter is cer
tainly the greatest need of Oakland,
and yet not even a primary move has
been made in this direction. At the
same time, any public movement that
1b not based on the broadest principles
of policy had better never be under
taken. There have been in all elements
of society in Oakland too much nar
row-mindedness and selfishness for the
public good and advancement, and a
charter that is not built on principles
entirely different from those that have
prevailed in the past will only add to
the peculiarity of the view h. which
Oakland Is held In other pans of the
country.
Erratic geniuses and theorists never
fail to come forward in great numbers
at a time -when the public good would
be best subserved by heir keeping: in
the background. According to Mrs. Dr.
Knox, chairman of the High School
Board, the Creator may have made
more cranks than are to be found in
Oakland, but ho never placed more of
them In one community. This may be
true, but should this element be per
mitted to control .the formation of a
new charter, Oakland can bid good-by
to progress for the next few year,s.
The great point In city government
that Oakland has had to study and
develop since the town was incorpor
ated in 1852 has been the matter of
dealing with corporations* T obably no
other city of its size has had a larger
experience or a more varied one. There
was a lime when everything connected
with her government was dominated
by a corporation. Little by little the. j
shackles were thrown aside, and It was
learned that there was a common
ground on whirh corporations and mu
nicipalities can come together and
derive mutual benefit. Oakland
learned that corporations, proper
ly governed, are very desirable
adjuncts to a city; but when
permitted to do the governing they are
a city's worst enemies. That stage
having been reached about four yean
ago, it is quite plain to-day that the old
corporation fears the city of Oakland
more than Oakland fears her old
enemy.
No one denies that more capital Is
needed here, and no one conversant
with the state of affairs, now prevail
ing will deny that more has been done
to drive away capital In the past than
to invite it. Any charter that will be
acceptable to conservative citizens
must hear these facts in mind and
must provide for the encouragement of
capital. There are to-day in Oakland
large corporations, whose stocks are at
the lowest because dividends are not
forthcoming. If it should be known in
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
the money markets of the world that
these stocks, were paying dividends
Oakland would be at once greatly bene
fited. No argument is needed to sus
tain this point. Such measures can be
taken with dignity and self-respect,
but there will no doubt be insinuations
and false motives attributed to all who
say a favorable word for capital. At
the same time there are scores of men
in Oakland who arc able with credit to
themselves and the city to frame a
progressive law that will be in itself
the best refutation of cavil and Jingo
ism, and it is to be hoped that such a
board will be elected.
While one of the Council committees
was in session a few days ago Mr. Up
ton referred to a corporation that is
now attempting to so arrange the street
car systems of this city as to put them
on a paying basis. It is well known
that with all the little Individual lines
running under separate and expensive
managements all were losing money,
and within the past two years they
have gradually entered into a com
bination, which is now under one
powerful management. The consolida
tion is anxious to drop small franchises
and to acquire a few others, for the
purpose of getting things in such shape
that there will ultimately be a hope for
a dividend. Mr. Upton stated that he
believed such investments should be
encouraged, so that others would be
tempted to bring their money here.
Mr. T'pton took a great risk In mak
ing this remark, because of the very
element to which Dr. Myra Knox once
alluded in a public speech. His ideas,
however, are worthy of consideration,
because to admit that such ideas are
an acknowledgment of servility to cor
porations, is to admit the inability of
Oakland to govern herself. Surely even
the most Impracticable theorist has
more confidence In his fellow-citizens
than to declare that no one can bring
a few dollars for investment to this
city and not be required to obey the
ordinances of its government.
In framing the new charter there -will
be no difficulty in procuring brains
enough to formulate a good organic
law, but there will be great difficulty
In preventing the introduction of all
manner of schemes and theories, which
will be advocated by the class In the
giving of which to Oakland the Creator
has been very generous.
STUART W. BOOTH.
COCHRAN CHOSEN
BASEBALL COACH
Will Direct Work on th© Dia
mond as Well as on th©
Gridiron.
An Entire Kew Infield Will Have
to Bo Selected for the-
Nine.
EKRKEI.KY, Jan. lfi.— Baseball as well
as football will be conducted at the uni
versity this season ur.d<-r a new ena^h.
Oarrett Cochran, who has been er
as football coach for I*9S, will tak.^
rhnrpe of the baseball players *>arly in
the season, lie Is expected to arrive at
Berkeley within a few weeks, and will
probably begin work Immediately on the
diamond.
Brilliant as was Corhran's ear»<»r on
the gridiron as end rush and captain of
the Princeton Tigers, his reputation as
a baseball crack is scarcely less tha
a football player. He did go td w..rk aa
first baseman for the Princeton nine for
two years, playing on the team thai
feated the redoubtable Baltimore*, and
he left the diamond only because his
athletic ability was more needed on the
gridiron.
Cochran's engagement as coach will
doubtless be heartily approved by the
baseball men. Berkeley's entire Infield
will have to be reorganized this term,
and skillful coaehiiiK w-ill have to make
up somewhat for lack of experience in
the various positions.
STUDENTS AS TEACHERS.
Will Be Given Practical Experience
In tt)e Berkeley Public
Schools.
BERKELEY. Jan. 16.— An innovation
will be made by the department of peda
gogy at the university to-morrow morn
ing, when the students who are fitting
themselves! to be teachers will be given
practical pedagogical work in the public
schools of Berkeley.
The professors and Instructors of the
department have made arrangements for
each member of the class to teach a class
or visit at the Dwight-way School and
the AVhittler School in North Berkeley.
The work is made a part of the college
course. Professor F. li. Dresslar and T.
L. Heaton gave brief instructions yester
day morning to the prospective
in regard to their first experience in the
pedagogical art.
The H'Sri School Proposition.
ALAMKDA, Jan. IC— Quite a strong
1 sentiment is developing- among taxpayers
! against the proposition to erect a high
• i] building. The fact is pointed out
| that the city already has a bonded In
debtedness i, and th" times are
not propitfius for any addition to the
burden thai has to be borne by the tax-
I payers. <"ity Trustee Fletter la very out
spoken in his opposition to the pr<
1 tion. Id s; t ys that the people will never
vote to issue the bond* that would bo
i required for such a building, and that in
his opinion a new building is not n<
He favors building additions to t v ie
schools already in existence, as the
grounds about most of them are roomy
and such additions can be built at com
paratively small cost ar.d without materi
ally increasing the rate of taxation, if at
all.
Sunday Services.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16.— "Temperament
and Conduct" was the subject of Rev. Mr.
Dodson's discourse at the Unitarian
Church this morning.
Row w. w. Bcudder of the Congre
gational Church preached thi3 morning on
the subject of "Spiritual House Clean-
Ing," and in the evening on "The Bible
the Word of God."
"Lessons from the Klondike," was the
subject of the discourse this evening of
Rev. O. W. Griffith of the Free Method
ist Church.
Lost Their Guns
ALAMKDA, Jan. 16.— Two youths from
San Francisco, armed with rifles, came
over to AJameda to-day to hunt Buffalo
and other small game In the outskirts of
Alameda. They were having a line time
in the wilds of the Bay Farm Island
bridge, being unaware of the ordinance
forbidding the discharge of (Ir^arras
j therefrom. They were warned by by
i Ktande.rs but did not desist until an offi
cer came along and took their ws&pona
away from them, but did not arrep'. them.
Sunday Baseball.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16.— There was a Rood
! pamc of baseball this morning at Recrea
tion Park between the Recreation Club
■ team and a picked nine. The latter won
by a score of 8 to 6. The Recreation <"lub
i team was composed as follows: Olsen,
'Allen, Goggtn. Lamb. Hanna. Ireland!
Groth. S. Allen and Fortnn. The picked
I nine. Dunleavy, McKeo, Finley, G
I worthy. IT.-mmond, Bird, Green, Brock
j and Anderson.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
, Take Laxative Broxno Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fella to cure.
I 25c. The genuine has L. 13. Q. on each tablet.
THE SA"N' FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXrARY 17, 1898.
EXCUSES OF
YOUNG MEN
They Tell Dr. Coyle Why
They Do Not Attend
Church.
Some Reasons Given Are in
Direct Conflict With
Others.
Streetcar Men and Postal Clerk 3 Could
Not Attend If They Ds
eired.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Rev. R. F. Coyle opened his series of
sermons to-night on the answers he
has received from young men to his
| query sent out recently asking for
j reasons why so few of them attend
| church.
Dr. Coyle said that a goodly number
of replies have been received, all of
them courteous and some of them very
thoughtful and suggestive. All were
not complimentary, but all were hon
est. He said in put:
In Bending out this letter I did not for
a moment assume, as seems to have
been understood by most of those reply
ing, that there are fewer young men
in the churches to-day than in former i
years. a generation or two ago it was
a rare thing to see young people of either
sex enlisted in Christian work or in any
way prominent in church life and activ
ity, and especially young men. But it is ,
not bo now. The truth is that the num
ber of young men who go to church has
been steadily Increasing, and Is larger on
this Sabbath day than ever before. In
calling attention to this subject I am
not to be considered as implying that
church neglect among young men is
growing, for that does not agree with
the facts.
One reason assigned for their absence
from church, and It Is common to all
the answers I have received, Is "indifier
enco, "lack of- religious feeling." One
young man says, "\S"e do not feel the
compulsion to attend." This indifference '
is variously explained. Two or three of j
my correspondents say: "Too much
church In early life. "we had to go I
whether we liked it or not. It made us !
Bore and sour, and now we do not care
to go."
In direct opposition to this, others say:
we were not required to go to church
when we were younger; we were per- I
mitted to grow up without the church
and >so never formed the habit of attend
ing."
Thus, on one side they got too much
church; on the other they did not get
enough; hence their indifference.
The need of recreation i.-> another rea
son given for absence from church, and
it is dwelt upon in every letter. One
writer tells me that he often hears the
following offered as an excuse for non
attendance: "I work hard all the week
and need the fresh air and recreation
which green field's church alone can give.
My boss is a churchman, and if he is
interested In my welfare why doesn't he
and the rest close thejr Etores Saturday
afternoon and give us a chance, to go to
church." The writer concludes this speci
fication by saying: "There is much in it,
but still 1 believe it covers a multitude
of sins." In which judgment I think he
is about right. ■ r*
Several of my correspondents declare
that hundreds of young men are kept
from church. J»y Sunday labor, and that
we know is true. The street-car men
say: '-it is Impossible for us to attend
church. We have to wait on Christian
people and see that they get to their
places of worship." *%
One young man writes "The postofh"t"T
men say that three-quarters of tho mall
I delivered from the windows on Sunday is
received by people Just from church, and
j that if the good people would stay away
| Uncle Sam might be induced, from lack
j of patronage, to close up all day and
1 give his boys an opportunity to attend
j church."
Ji is difficult to say anything in reply
as these. Tl ■
casm that pricks up through them is de
served.
on ore side the preaching is found
fault with because it is too doctrinal, and
on th(
1 am
tly willing to admit that th<
thing in both charges. 1 nai
doubt that we i>re;i times deal
With things a little I •■ from life,
and sometimes we try to ret so close
we are shallow and superficial. Nev<
a good deal cai i for the
preach.-.
LIFTED UP THE CROSS.
Sermons by Well-Known Divines
as Preached i r> Suburban
Pulpits.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Rev. E. R. Ben
nett of Los Angeles and for eight years
r of a church at Pasadena, has been
called as pastor of the Twenty-third Ave
nue Baptist Church, to succeed
art Whitaker, who recently resigned
to accept the position of secretary of the
State Board of Home Missions.
Key. C. R. Brown preached his first
sermon to-night upon "Unbelief," and
took for his theme, "Unbelief as to the
Existence of a Good God."
. R, C. Morgan, D.D., of London,
Eng., editor of the Christian, occupied
the pulpit ;ii the First I hurch
tliis morning, and spoke to a largo con
gregation.
The special services following the week
of prayer will )..■ continued another week
at the F^rst Mcl .il church.
'•'.. 31. Im1:> will speak everj even-
I
"Universal Depravity" was the inter
esting theme of a forcible discourse by
Rev. a. T. Needham at the Elghth
. ■ Muihodist Episcopal Chun h tbla
ing.
Key. Floyd J. Mynard preached on
"Three Great Factors in ■■< Man's
llgioua Life- 1 this morning at St. John's
<!>.-»l Church, which was greatly en
joyed by his audience.
Colonel William Kvnns, successor to
•i Keppel, in command ■>: <:.•■ Pa-
Coast, was formally welcomed by
the Salvation Army at th^lr barracks to
night. The mi ■< ting was largely attended
and was preceded by • street meeting.
Letter Carriers' Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. I*l. —Oakland Branch
No. 76, National Letter Carriers'
ciiitien of Oakland, Berkeley and Ala
meda, has Installed newly-elected officers.
The Installing officer was Conrad Trieber
of San Pranai i o.
The following were the newly Installed
officers: Dan J. Hallahan, president; P.
D. Arnold, vice-president; H. W. Miller,
financial secretary; \V. ii. Smith, r>
Ing ai Charles i>. Littler, treas
urer: F. l". Burger, collector; trustees, K.
M. Campbell, H. Rummer. George F.
Sampson.
Sheriff White's Ncmesak.e,
OAKLAND, Jan. IC— Sheriff C. B.
White has a namesake from Stockton aa
BSt at th<- County .Jail. < fharli
White was brought In last evening on a
charge of using the pnlted States mails
for fraudulent purposes, and was con
victed before Ju.lk'- De Haven In San
Francisco, and sentenced to pay a tine of
-r stay in Jan until be did. n>
claims to be unable to pay the sum. If
this is the fact, and ho will take the
poor many oath, ho will escape punish
ment.
Nellie McHenry at the Macdonough
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Miss Nellie Mc-
Henry, whom everybody knows and ad
; mires as the Peerless Peri, the dashing
vaudeville artist, and Mile. Henrietta, a
demure country maiden, will be the at
traction at the Macdonouuh Theater next
Monday and Tuesday. New music, new
specialties and an all-round clever com
pany is promised. The novelty of "A
| Night In New York" is in the second act.
1 which is a reproduction of the interior of
Madison-square Garden, showing the
French ball at its height, with all its
gayety and beautiful costumes. The wen
selected company includes John Webster,
Tony Williams, AVilllam Hafford. Billy
Barry. J. Hays, Miss Mai Raymond. Miss
Mildred Connors, Miss Viola Raynore,
Miss R<:>sa Crouch and others.
The Gleason-Bremer Company will pre
sent the melodrama. "A Hoop of Gold,"
the coming week at the Oak. and. The
company consists of such people as Fred
erick TJader, formerly of the Frawley
Company; John Nicholson. Frederick
Fairbanks. Frank v.. ay ton, Thomas D.
Bates, King Gray, Mina Gleason. Nan
nette Creighton. Margaret Marshall, Lor
eta Grace and Carmelita Yost.
Seeing for the Cause.
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— The Coroner's In
quest over the remains of Joseph Rae-
Blde was not finished last evening-, but
will be continued to-night. The mystery
of his sudden death beneatn the wheels of
the West Berkeley local train last Thurs
day evening Is still unsolved. It has been
ascertained that he won $300 on the fate
ful day and it is now believed that it was
a case of robbery and murder. Every ef
fort is being put forth to ascertain the
truth of tho matter.
Proh!b' tlon Mass-Meeting.
OAKLAND, Jan. IS.— The Prohibition
ists hold an opening rally this even
ing January 17, at Nazarine Hal]
Eighth street, Oakland. Good music and
Ing will b« in order. Hon. Robert
Summers of San Jose, ex-candJdati
ress on the Prohibition ticket, will
be the principal speaker.
NO REPARATION
FOR THE SIN
If Durrant Was Innocent Such
Is the Condition of This
State.
Edwards Davis Opposed Capital Pun
ishment In His Pulpit Last
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
$K)8 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Rev. Edwards Davis preached to-night
at the Central Christian Church to a
large audi< crowd having gath
ered with the expectation of hearing him
refer to the I'urrant case in his sermon
on "The Crime of Capital Punishment."
llf announced that he would preach next
Sunday night on "The Injustice of Judg-
I :■- jdence."
■ text of his sermon was taken
L>eut. 5:v!l, "Thou shalt not kill."
]!• said:
"This commandment of the decalogue
Is unambiguous. It's declaration is,
without a qualifying phrase. The chil- i
•Iron of men often attempt to execute !
,in« - e; but 'Vengeance is minesayeth
the Lord." There is no circumstance, !
however criminating, which justilies a •
crime for II ment. To cover raur- j
• guise of the state's rights is '
a trn.; Q. Were the world still
In an organic Mate and the people l>ar
:: might have con
i the social state has:
:.tury of Chris
tian ■ murder for murder is
ition.
'•I ■ • '-pssity of the lm
murement of th< . that the inno
d that that
flnement t ::g as the pris
oner remaJ .tent.
"In the | ius case of the
supposed murderer, I'urrant, I am in
of the crime ol
tal punishment. J; irrant
heinous crime at
trlh\it< d to him I : upon
. there i
man has i
ii into a crave
are his remains, but the
Immortal spiru will Lc&nscend the i
and touch the l^- ■ aven.
"if The- •■ ■ rullty his
tion was equally unjust, fur '.
.:it should i ,i>s beyoi i the bounds
rth unt<> the 0
■ should have had opportune
:nq- at his i-rim
have n at the
throne of God's mercy for forgivi
not Ignore the divine admo
i' it can
tan to issue
■th until that mind
shall the In
i compli \:t >■ f circum
envlronment, hered
. Every pria .1 "be able
k fr--m the bars of his cell a.s
through the lattice of the paradise of
md love."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
T. B. R. Frentiss.ClvH Mrs. J. A. Nichols Pa.
C. C. IVrkins. Kode.j. a. W. I?ell, Alleghny.
P. T. Sutherland, Mex.jF. J. Holly, wife and
S. I'olaski. Los Angls. | child, Chicago.
J. Klrkpairlck. Chg... J. H. Hunt.
'■• S. Simons. S Antno. !»;. Johnson, Krultvale.
E. S. DeGolyer, I Agls \V. 11. Smiley. Ohio.
F. M. Causer, Wash. C. T. Hiiss, Carson.
Mrs. W.W.Bradcn.StMlA. Shevlnaky. Stockton
Mlrs L. Brsden. Stnfd. J. Strouse, Burlington.
Mlfs A. Phillip*, StnfdiMrs. ]•■. \J. Steinman
Krnest Black. S. V. j Sacramento.
K. B. Smith, Cliiciso. Miss Steinman. Sacto.
F. Trumbull. Denver. Jno. Finnell. Tehama.
W. Bleif, Milwaukee. F. A. Cutter. Eureka.
.1. is. Sharp*. N. V. Mrs. C. M. Johnson,
i:. C. LaMontague, NT Pan Hafae!.
A. S. Croner. London. Master Johnson. San
Thos. Couch, Montana. Rafael,
Mrs. E. C. La M-in- C. Heino. Los Angeles,
tatrue. N. Y. U. a. Parker, S. Hart.
J. M. Cratg, Mysvllle. E. X Ryan, Kansas.
M. 1; Kills. Chlcaco. C. K. Gallaßher. Chgo.
Miss Nichols, Pa.
GHAXD
HOTEL.
F. A. McCan. Stockton Mrs. Black. San Jose.
Mrs. L. 11.l 1 . St. Clalr, J. A. Parker, Cal.
BakersfioM. F. Brtckaon, Jmstown.
S. P. hartley, Cal. C. l\ Schwick. Sacto.
I>. Dollar. Cal. Mrs. Ward, Sacto.
Miss C. St. Clalr, J. if Jinkines. V Ford
Bakersfield. 1 11. Wlnham. Salinas.
H. P. Lehr, Peorla, 111. 1 1<\ V.. Jack S L O
K. J. J»unn, Omaha. i-:. F. Cadle, Stockton.
C. Crinnlchall. I^ondon. Q. M. Clark. I'l'-rvuie
J. Wood. Santa Rosa. !S. Jowrtt. MarysrlUe.
a. P. Leach. Oakland. ■K. v. Peart, Colon.
J. }•. Reynolds, Cal. \V. .lohr.s.» n . irtland
F. i: Lyon. Cal. J. H. Cra-Jdock.Mysvlo
J. H. Mnson and wife, Mrs. J. Bruner Sacto
Oakland. ■ Mrs. W. If. Eckhardt
I. L. Withlngton, San: fcacramento
Dlcbo. •*"■. rr ?>-pV. s. Qma
B. J. Martin. H. W. Crabb. Oakville
A. O. Ewer, Buffalo. ; ... \, ittonoerg, l'tlnd
LJCK IP <{ SB
A A Travis, Lundy |T Hordoanx, Shelton
.1 I) Coughlln, Hono .1 ]' i;.|... ,  -piro
Mrs Rutledge. Hutte W J Hassett Saoto
.T j Ilamtyn & w.nte J McMonacle, .'-hu-iro
Prof J Bw«tt, Marti Miss Forrester. Tehrn
N E Hanson, Vall«Jo|Mra Richie. kville
It Uonham &w,L Li: C Delong, sta Cms
ii Ltnklater, Cal l> BUI we]] & w, Petl
C .Andreas &■ \v.n.<ly M Johnson Cal
c s Shanklln. Chtcgo AY Halton. Modesto
M Warren. NY U St George, Fresno
j Morris, Tacoma I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McMonngle, Bacto C Hansen. Sacto
Prof «i .Schulz. Sn mot? M It Flannlgan. Cal
j li Brown, Colorado J 1: Foster, Monterey
.1 Lea'iy, ButM C Porter, Napa
j a Shroder. I kian R Jameson. < •.■li'.itoKa
W ('. Hardy. Pescadero J i; Raymond. El Paso
WI" Carl*! San J»f>e CII Lowe. Oregon
T, i. Hastings. Vlsftlia rt Hirst, Seattle
F Meadows, Stockton C M Clark, Fresno
j \\ Kccles, Fresno J Murray, San Jose
J Crennan, Los Gatos I
BAX<DWIN HOTEI*
M. Frank. CbleaM. <\ H. Pavills. V. Alto.
Mr) . K. D. Hall. Dnvr. S. Alexander. !
• . n. DofT.Bostn. J. B. I >.• Puy. S
'■ S •• D. Powell and wife,
.!. .1. Cully. Stockton. KivcrFldf.
■ i>. Boaney. N. v J. J;. Bporoe, Snn Jos*.
< '. J,. Co:, nor. BkrsnelalJ Schwartz, K. City.
.\. J. !.• s wife, J. C. Ryerson, Sacto.
A. Jones an.l «rfe.N.D
UNCLE SAM AS A GOLD DIGGER.
In spite of the Rand and the new
mines in Australia, the United States
Ll .>-till the greatest gold-producer of
all countries. It is likely to remain
so. too, after the Klondike and other
Yukon regions are exploited and
"worked f"i" ;iH they are worth." it
Bfty y.-.irs ago this month, by the
way. that gold v.as discovered in Cali
fornia. N*"t many discoveries in this
century have more powerfully afi
the current of human affairs than
that.— New York Tribune.
DIED.
CULLIGAN— Jn this city. January 16, IS9S, An
drew, beloved husband of Margaret Culllgan,
and father of Lizzie, Thomas and Edward
Culllgan, a native of County Meuth, Ireland,
a*ed CG years.
A VERY UNIQUE
PROPOSITION
The Rev. Edwards Davis
Wants a Religious
Debate.
Asks Rev. Father York© to Go
Over the State With
Him.
A Controversial Leotura Tour as a
Means of Obtaining Money and
Advertisement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
903 Broadway, Jan. 16.
A good deal of surprise has been
manifested at an original proposition
made a few days ago to Rev. Father
Yorke by Rev. Edwards Davis ! of
Oakland. The idea advanced by the
Oakland divine embraced a tour that
would be distinguished by controversial
lectures in all the leading cities of the
State. There does not seem to be much
prospect, however, of the people of Cal
ifornia being regaled with any such In
teresting spectacle.
Neither of the gentlemen Is anxious
to talk of the proposition, but it oc
curred nearly two weeks ago. Rev.
Mr. Davis called upon the well-known
defender of the Catholic faith at the
office of the Monitor and outlined his
proposition. According to what has
drifted out of the sanctum regarding
the interview Father Yorke was advis
ed of the fact that he was well known
as a champion of Catholic rights, and
was popular, and Mr. Davis also stat
ed that he was not altogether unknown
to the people of California.
Newspaper work and routine preach
ing not being particularly productive at
this time, it was suggested, so it is
said, that for the two to tour the State
with a lecture repertoire might prove
a very acceptable proposition from a
financial point of view, as well as add-
Ing to the laurels the two gentlemen
have already -won In their respective
spheres.
Rev. Father Yorke listened to Mr.
Davis' plans, and Is said to have stated
later that it was the first time in his
life that he had been at a loss for an
answer. The proposition took the edl
tor-prießt so completely by surprise and
was so far remcrved from any plan ever
contemplated by him that he was ab
solutely nonplussed.
He listened courteously to all that the
visitor had to say, and the result of the
interview was that the matter was held
In abeyance subject to what might be
agreed upon when Mr. Davis should
call again. Mr. Davis has not yet call
ed again.
"I called on Father Yorke," said Mr.
Davis, "and outlined a plan to him em
bracing a lecture tour thro-ugh the
State. He received me very courteous
ly, but we came to no agreement. I
would prefer, however, that he express
!iis views of the project in the press
before I say anything. When he ha?
expressed himself I will give my
vk-v.s."
B 'NE B 'RITH.
There Is pr»at activity In the order at this
time, preparing for the twenty-flfth annual
session of the District Grand Lodge, which 19
to meet next Sunday. On Tuesday, the 2"th
Inct., there will be a grand smoker tendered In
B'ne rith Hall to the representatives of the
grand body, and they will be entertained with
a first class programme.
There will be at least 135 representatives In
the grand body, and the Oregon district will
make an unusually fine showing.
It Is expected that the representatives of
the grand lodge will take part in the jubilee
procession.
During the Eesslon of - the rrand body the
business that will occupy the greatest atten
tion will be the report that is to be presented,
puggpstlng a number of changes In the laws
nf the grand body on all points except the
beneficiary section.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid 'lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" la Inclosed with isobars of
mark**! curvature, rain south of Oregon Ib im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. . .,;.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
San Francisco. Cal., Jan 16. :1598, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: _ . ' „.._.
Past This Last
Stations. .24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.36 17.00 22.
Red Bluff 0.00 6.50 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 6.16 7.19
San Francisco Trace fi.oo 11.
Fresno 0.02 2.24 4.90
San Luis Obispo Trace 2.40 9.75
I,os Angeles 0.00 3.75 8.44
Ban Diego O.CO 3.13 6.99
Yuma 0.00 1.06 . 4.76
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 46;
minimum. 40; mean. 43.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
' FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. A storm of moderate
energy Is central to-night over Western Wash
ington and Vancouver.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary on the Paciflo Slope.
[ Rain has fallen over the northern half of the
/^ii*? •* r
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 TEHAMA STREET.
THURSDAY.
Thursday Evening: January 20,
COMBINATION SALE OF
Thoroughbred Racehorses !
INCLUDING :
Imp. Sain. Duke of Norfolk and ten of his
get; Chappie. Halleluiah, Vanish. Wood- .
chopper, E. J. Sherley and twenty others, i
Catalogues now ready. Address
WM. G. LAYNG & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers, 313 Bush street.
Pacific Slope. The following maximum wind
velocities are reported: Fort Canby, 44 miles
per hour from southeast: Eureka, 80 miles per !
hour from the southwest.
Conditions are. favorable for moderate south
east winds end rain along the Pacific Coast
north of San Francisco Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty ■
hours ending midnight, Jan. 17, IS9S:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, with ;
rain: fresh southerly wind.
Southern California— <~"loudy Monday, with
foe on tho northern coast: southwesterly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday, probably rain in !
northern portion.
t'tah— Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday; continued cold i
wrather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Monday,
probably rain: southwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at S p. m. : Cloudy, wind southwest 24 miles
per hour; temperature, 40; maximum, 47.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
'San Jose. Nanaimo
A Blanchard.. . Oregon ports
Pomona. Humboidt Bay
Crescent City.. I Crescent city
Santa Rosa. .. San Dtr>go I
Oma tills ... . Victoria &■ Pueret Sna
Australia Honolulu
Coos Bay Newport
State ot Ca1.... Poruana
Willamette .. Seattle
Colon Panama *
North Pork ; Humrviictt !
Queen San l)ii-?o •
City Puebia. ... Victoria and Puget Sound
Arcata Coos Hay
Homer Coos Bay I
Jan 17
Jan iT
Jan IT
Jan 17
Ijan 17
Jan 17
Jan 19
Jan 19
Jan 20
Jan 20
Jan 20 ;
Jan 21
Jan 21
Jan 22
Jan 23 :
Jan 23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stiamer. I Destination Sait,s. ! Pur.
Czarina ;Coo»Bay iJan IT. 10 am Pier 8
Homer Newport. Jan IT. » am. Pier 11
kxcelalor.. I Alaska lan X, 12 M Pfor2B
Chlikrit — ' Kel Kiver Jan 17. n am Vior i:i
Arcat.i : Coos Hay Jan 1-i. 10 am Plor 13
Columbia.. Portland Jan 18. M am Put 2t
CltyofSyd Panama Jan IS. 12 >i PM SS
Weeott Humblclt Bay. Jan I<\ 4 im Pier li
DelNorte.. Grays Harbc .lan 19, 11 m Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diegro.... Jau W, 11 am Pier 11
Crescent C Crescont City. J;m I ', 3 psi I'ier —
Pomona.... HmnbiUt Bay. Jan if. 2 i-m Pier 9
A Blanchrd Taquinaßay.. Jan 19, 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay .. i Newport J.in 91. \> am Pier 11
T'matllla. .. Vie A Pgt Snd Jah :i, 9am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jau 2t, 10 am Pier 2*
Oueen San DlefO Jan 23. n am Plor 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
. United States Coast and Geodetic Survsy
Tlmis and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
• the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
i —————— ___
JANUARY-IS9I.
§|^JFeetjp^ Peet|«™ Feet L \Y Feet
TTI «:OSi 67 173S 0.0 8: M 3.* I . . . I
L \v H w! L W H W "■■
18 0:41 8.1 T:O4 5.9 2;BH (1.5 9:59 40
19 1:48 M 8:02 6.1 3:31 —0.9 10:50 « 8
211 2:»S 3.2 S:o-,'' (1.2; «:a), — 1.1 1 11:33 4 5
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide.
i and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The heigrhts
, rli^n are additions to the soundings on the
' United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given is subtractlve from the
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of .
mariners without regard to nationality and
(T<*e of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the •
office, where complete sets of charts and sail- i
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always b* obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean oommrrce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele- >
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before i
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian. '
by telegraphic signal received each day from |
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice Etatlng whether the time ball was <
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa- !
pers, and by the mornlns napers tho following
day. W. P. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, T*. P. N . In charge, j
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
~ ARRIVED.
Sunday, January. 18.
Strar Jennie, Moller. 6f hours from Coqullle
River: produce, to J S Klmball.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 24 hours from Moss
Landing: produce, to Goodall, Perkins & o.
Stmr Geo Loom'.s. Bridgett. — hours from
Ventura; oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river di
rect.
Stmr Wrcott. Miller, S3 hours from Crescent
City: 200 M ft lumber. toD.TC Perkins.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 80 hours from Grays !
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Com
mefcinl Co.
Stmr Peru, Frlele. — days from Hongkong i
and Yokohama via Honolulu; pass and mdse,
to Pac Mail S B Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 85 hours from |
Departure Hay; 2536 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr j
& Sons Co.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 18.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage. Victoria and Puget j
Sound.
Ftmr Oleone, Strand, Albion.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka- .
Stmr Goo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
IT B stmr Marietta, Symond. cruise.
Bark Aureola. Swan. Wlllapa Harbor.
Bark Enoch Talbot, Kalb.
Br bark Invernelll. Symmera. Queenstown.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard. Honolulu. ; -r
Schr Falcon, Lindholm. Tahiti.- ; :
Schr James A Garfleld, Palmgren, Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr C T Hill. Rudhach.
Rchr Mary Etta. Nyman.
Schr Helen N Klmball, Guttormsen. Eureka.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iversen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 16—10 p. "Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Rival,
for Kan Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 16— Schr Halcyon, fm
San Diego: schr Sparrow, hence Jan 9; stmr
Scotia, hence Jan 15.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr South
i Coast, from Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan Stmr Pasade
na, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 16— Stmr National City.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 16— Bark Alex Mc-
Nell, from Seattle for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Jan 16— Stmr
Mlneola, for Comox.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 16— Chll
bark Latonia. from Port Townsend.
Sailed Jan 16— Schr J A Campbell, for New
port.
TATOOSH— Jan 16— Strar Progreso.hce
Jan 13 for Seattle.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Jan 15.
ASPAR— Arrived Jan Stmr Rival, hence
Jan 15.
Sailed Jan Scfer Maxim, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 16— Str Coqullle
i River, hence Jan 15.
SALMON BAY— Arrived Jan Schr Wm
Renton, from San Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Jan 15; schr S Danlelson, hence
Jan 14.
BANDON— Sailed Jan Schr Parkersburs,
for San Francisco; schr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE — Jan Stmr Progreso,
hence Jan. 13.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr La Nor
man from Havre; Btmr Servia. from Liver
pool. , ■
Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Mobile, for London; stmr
Werkendam. for Rotterdam-
Great Thoroughbred and Trotting
£a Brood Mare Sale, £&
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JANUARY 18, 1898,
At 10 O'clock a. m., at
Salesyard, Cor, Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
Having decided to consolidate all its horse-
breeding Interests at that location, it be-
comes necessary to dispose of
Fifty Head of Running and Trotting
Bred Mares at Public Auction
On the above date. Among the thoroughbred
mar^u are some of the noted animals which
have made the farm famous. These mares are
all stinted tn Flambeau, Racine, Flood, Imp.
Mariner and Imp. Loyalist, stallions in service
at the farm. The trotting mares are by Elec-
tioneer, Azmoor. Piedmont, Electricity, Nut-
wood. Dexter Prince, Paola, etc., and stinted
to such noted young sires as Monaco, Adver-
tiser, Wildnut, Stephen and the Russian stal-
lion Verbovstchlk. A number of these mares
are well. broken and will make admirable road-
sters If not desired for breeding. Several choice
roadster geldings will be offered at the same
time. The horses will be at salesyard. SUN-
DAY, January loth, where they may be seen
until day of sale. Catalogues ready, Saturday.
January 8. The running' mare 3 will be sold at
beginning of sale.
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
• -; ,'_■'■ ■'■ 11 Montgomery St., 8. F.
HACKNEY, CARRIAGE AND
SADDLE HORSES!
At conclusion of Palo Alto sale we will
sell several head of HACKNEY, CARRIAGE
AND SADDLE HORSES, thoroughly broken
to ride or drive. They can be seen at yard,
corner Van Ness avenue and Market street.
1 until day of sale.
| KILLIP & CO.
I -
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 16— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l bx molasses.
Soquel, 3i«2 rolls paper, 3S bxs apples, 1 keg
cider, 1 bx wheat.
Santa Cruz — 54 pkgs household goods, S cs
cheese, lf>2 pkps Junk, &Xi bbls lime.
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Jennie— l cb mdse,
110 tons coal. 8 bxs butter, lf>4 bbla salmon. 6
! cs eggs, SS bxs apples, 1 ton coal.
MOFOLJS— Per I><M Norte— Mß M ft lum
ber. 3 cs rubber boots, 2 bills dry hides, 18S bdls
green hides, 1 cs axes.
Aberdeen— 3 hxs butter. 2 cs liquor.
I[.)ijutam— Ss briis preen hides, Ics tools.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Gipsy— Goldberg, Bowen & Co; Union
Paper Co; Wlttland & Co; H Nutter; B Mark
lowitz; Hills Pros; H Cowell & Co.
Per Jennie— J S Kimball: Hulme & Hart: C
O Ragdall; Hilmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; Lang
l^y & Michaels; Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co; L
G Srenovioh & Co; Murphy, Grant & Co; W C
A- Co; C E Whitney & Co; R Fredericks;
Standa; 1 OH
Per Del Not to— Revere Rubber Co; Baker &
Hamilton; nissinger & Co: W B Sumner &
Co: Kowalaky & Co: Standard Oil Co: Fulton
! Imn Works "
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ AinM^>2s HEAKXT NT. Established
f'3 rti 11 I H;5 * for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
•)2"»HEARSYST. Established
In 1H34 for flic m-Himpntof Privata
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
skin l>:sf>as*-s. I'licdoctorcureswheti
£&s&§■£&s)] others fall. Try him. Charges low.
?s£&c3iSLisa (nrr«j;n>r:intr<'j. Call or write.
Dr. .1. £'. fCnBO.\. Bo: 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBA.VEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf gfr*n
San Francisco, as follows: fiv££SK
For ports In Alaska. 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 6. 11. 18,
21, 26, 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom ißellfngham Bay, Wash.). 9
a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16, 21. 28, 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. 1, 5, 10, 14, IS. 22, 18. 31.
Feb. 4, 8. 12, 16. 20, 23. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yueos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo), Qavt-
ota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m., Jan. 1, 5, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obl.»po>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7, 11, 15. 19, 23. 27, 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ehsenada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
palla and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
anil hours of salliner.
TICKS OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAPF •*•"» First Class lncludlnff Berth
* ARL $2.50 2d Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 13
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
j Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
| cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
j . . .
fMSanillfl SS - AUSTRALIA.
jKuHIL for HONOLULU only
frnaiim Tuesday, Jan. 25, at
i< ™^__ IP. m. Special party
SfWmSninc) Tho S.S. ALAMEDA
lM!![JVJit!5p for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLQARDIE. Australia, and CAVB
, TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPIIECKELS.& BROS. CO., Agent*,
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Franclsoo.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqtie.
French Line to Havre.
Company Pier mew), 4.' North -f-Tilitt
\ River, foot of 3'orton st. Travelers OTq^N
| by this line avoid both transit by"3as*Hfia»
: English railway and the discomfort of crossing
i the channel in a small boat. New York to
! Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $I*o.
i eecond class 1116.
! LA BRETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
! LA GASCOGNE December 18. 10 a. m.
| LA NORMANDIB .December 25, 10 a. m.
; LA CHAMPAGNE January 1, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, ID a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FXTGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ___^
, STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 8
• p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED Ll' TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
inK through freight rates to all points on th*
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello." .
! Men.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs. >
; Fridays 1 P- m.. 9 p. m.
•Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green SSI.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturday*
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
1 Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c:
| to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
1 Firct street, San Joae.
910
NOTES FOR THE
NATIONAL GUARD
Some of the Appointments
on the Division Staff
Are Not Popular.
Candidates for Governor Will
Be Questioned on Military
Affairs.
T*o Full-Dress Uniforms for tho
Jubilee Parade— A Model of
the Marion.
Much of the time of the National j
Guardsmen In this city was taken up !
last week in making preparations for the
grand jubilee day parade, consequently
there was hut little of general interest
going on in guard circles.
Colonel H. B. Bush, whilom assistant
adjutant-general on the division st;iflf, has
turned over the offia el Thomas
duff, his successor, and every day at
noon the new adjutant is to be found at
quarters in the Baldwin Hotel. Dur
ing his absence the office is in charge of
Major Schmitt, a medical student at the
University of California, who was pro
moted from a non-commissioned ■
in the Lowell High School Cadets to
that of aid on the division staff, with the
title of major. While it is true that
Major Schmitt is an active, bright, well
educated young man, who, no doubt, is
very ambitions, there are many of those
who have business to transact at head
quarters who are of the opinion— and
they have not been res* rved in their
expressions thereof — that positions
of that character should be given to
men who have had practical ■
in the guard and who are soldiers — men
who by hard work have acquired a
knowledge that cannot be pained by
theoretical instruction.
As the time for the gubernatorial elec
tion is approaching and candidate
the offifp of Governor, who is comma
in-chief of the National G loom
ing up. they will in the near future find
that there is a force quietly at work in
the ranks of the guard. It Is pr<
to test those who will be candidate
the office of Governor on National Guard
matters, and one matter that they will
be particularly questioned about will be
their position "in the matter of taking the
office of adjutant genera] of the State out
of politics. The nif-n say they are get
ting tired of having a new adjutant gen
eral once every four years, and th:: :
an officer should be i | Luring gi.od
behavior and only retln d for cause or for
age. ;
There is considerable complaint about ;
the rule that prohibits State shoots on j
Sunday. The men who belong to the Na- j i
tional Guard are willing to face the tar- '
gets, but as the majority of them are em- j
ployed in business from which they can
not get away without a. great deal of in- •
convenience during the week, the result 1
Is that there is but a very small percent
age of the men who attempt to become
marksmen. Previous to the new order
they could, on their day off. get to the ! ,
targets without inconvenience and make
records.
The companies of the First Infantry I
will shoot between the following dates,
January 22 and 29, not including Sunday,
the 23d. As they have .not yet secured
their range near 'ingleside they will have ;
to go across the bay.
As yet the companies of the Fifth Reg
iment of Infantry have not received any
Instructions in regard to the January
shoot.
Lieutenant T. W. Sparrow of G. First
Infantry, Major J. H. Hendy, engineer of
ficer of the Second Brigade, and Captain
W. D. Elliott of D. Fifth Infantry, have
passed the examining Board.
Colonel Thomas duff, assistant adju
tant general; Lieutenant-Colonel J. A.
Huber, commissary; Lieutenant-Colonel
Barrere, inspector of rifle practice; Lieu
tenant-Colonel Henry F. Emeric, pay- j
master; Lieutenant-Colonel C. T. Stanley,
quartermaster, and Major J. G. Fitzger
ald, chief aide, recent additions to the <ii- i
vision staff, passed the examining board
on Friday last.
The entertainment proposed for the
benefit of the rifle range fund of the First
Regiment of Infantry will not be given
until after the close of Lent.
The Board of Officers of the First Regi
ment of Infantry has selected the several
committees for the year and following are
the chairmen thereof: Finance. Major
Charles Boxton; music, Captain A. J.
Kelleher; library. Captain John A. Miller.
At the first business meeting of Com
. panics C and G. First Infantry, at the
Ellis-street Armory, in the presence of a :
full attendance of both companies, the j
following civil officers were elected for
the current year: C. P. Lebreton, treas
urer; J. S. Macabe, financial secretary;
G. T. Phelps, recording secretary; T. Me
. Gilvery. librarian: J. F. Morton, A. E.
Anderson and J. P. Heilbron, range com
mittee; G. J. Petty, W. F. and C. W.
Swasey, armory committee; and S. 11. '
Palmer, C. Meyer and O. C. Baldwin,
auditing committee. Last Monday these
companies had the annual distribution of
medals and prizes for shooting, after
which there was. as usual, a National's
good time. The medal winners are: -
Championship class, C. Meyer, Company
C; first class, Sergeant F. J. Porey, Com- i
pany G; second class, V. F. Northrup,
Company C; third class, Sergeant J. H.
McKnight, Company C. The prizes that .
were distributed to the next best shots
numbered about seventy-five.
The election for a captain to succeed
Charles A. Jenks as commander of Troop
A will probably be held this week.
The idea that the First Regiment In
fantry should on jubilee day parade ap
pear in full dress uniform has been aban- i
doned, and the men will appear in fa- I
tigue dress, and this came about because !
some of the sections of the Second Bri
gade have not full-dress uniforms. Twelve
companies could have made a very fine
showing, but because two or three com
panies of the brigade did not have full
dress uniforms the citizens will be de
prived of the opportunity of seeing how
the First looks in full <lre?s. This is an
other case of the tail wagging the dog,
or of a minority ruling the majority.
Nevertheless, the three majors of the
First, or, rather, two majors and one
acting such, for Major Charles L. Tilden
has been on the sick list -and has not done
any active duty for many months, will
this week inspect the full-dress uniforms
of the several companies.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
The work of removing all the movables
from the Camanche to the Marion has
been accomplished and there remains in
the monitor but six tons of coal, which
could not be placed in the bunkers of
the Marion for want of room. It is prob
able that this will have to be sacked and
placed on the deck of the vessel. When
that shall have been done, the militia's
new vessel will be all ready to be taken
to this port. The day has not yet been
fixed and it will be at the pleasure of
Governor Budd, who desires that the
event shall be a grand one in the history
of the militia. She will be steamed down
from the island under the orders of Cap
tain L. H. Turner.
Bruno Nellson, one of three men de
tailed by the Navy Department for duty
on the Camanche. but who will, with
-three more, be assigned to the Marion,
about two weeks ago received a block
Df pine and out of that he carved a fine
model of the Marion and then rigged her"
Dut completely. So complete is the model
that on last Tuesday Lieutenant Gunn
used it for the purpose of Illustrating a
lecture on sailing, and by its use made
Clear many things that the officers of the
militia will have to know when they go
on board of the Marion.
Corrjpanlons of the Forest-
The officers of Columbia Circle No. ISO of
Eacramento were installed last week by Mrs.
Annie Mlnaghan, D. D., assisted by Mrs. An
nie Elliott as herald. The new' officers are:
Kate Futterer. P. C. C. ; Mary Plunkett. C. C. ;
Sophie Graff. S. C. C; Lena Stegeman, T. ;
Emma Lane, F. S. : I-ula Mailer, R. S. ; Eliza
beth Kahley, R. G.; Jenny Qleen, I. G. : Mary
Showier, L. G. ; Mary Hu^nes, O. G. ; Mamie
Duhain, organist. After the installation there
war »- orosramme and addresses, and the most
interesting numbers of the evening were se- |
lections on the mandolin and piano by Miss
Josephine Lugg and J. Fry. Then followed a i
banquet.
Last Tuesday the officers of Pride of the
Forest Circle of Oakland were Installed by
Mrs. Corwin. D. D., assisted by F. Zimmer
man. Mrs. "\\>tmore. the retiring chief com
panion, was presented a fine Jewel and then
there was a b.inqupt. The same nicht the ,
officers of Washington Circle were installed by ;
Deputy Miss Louise Redlick. assisted by Mrs
F. X. Morrow.
On Wednesday night the officers of Liberty
Circle were installed by Deputy Mrs. Corwin,
assisted by Mrs. 1,. Hardenbergh and the staff i
Of Loyal Circle. The retiring chief. Mrs. Danz, |
was presented a basket of flowers, and the re
tiring past chief was presented a handsome I
badge.
Xext Tuesday the officers of the circle at San ;
Rafael will be Installed by the supreme grand |
chief companion, assisted by the supreme grand I
secretary.
The officers of Mazzlni Circle were installed
in public last Monday. The new officers are:
Mrs. R. Peters, P. C. : Virginia Oervelll. C. C. ;
Annie Morelll, S. C. C. ; Mrs. Knoff, T. ; Mrs.
Rose Peters. F. S. ; L. Manglnl, R. S. ; Mrs.
Panto, R. O. : Julia Alvares, L. G. : Mit. Apelt.
I <; . and Mrs. Sanchez, O. G. After the cere
mony there was a programme In which the
following named took part:. Recitation, Dottle
Baxter: musical selection. Bur!* and Thors:
recitation, Tryphina Pritchard; song. Rosa
Mascherini, and vocal solo, Mr?. Lena Rolla.
QUIET SUNDAY AT THE PARK
City's Pleasure Ground Practically
Deserted— C^iquita Still Draw-
ing Crowds at the Chutes.
Yesterday was the most quiet Sunday
at the park and Cliff House since the
birth of the new year. The Park band
did not render its regular programme.
owing to the threatening weather, and
t!ic fniz and mril made driving and
cycling uncomfortable labor Instead >>f
ire. The beach and Cliff House
ractically deserted and gloom ap
parently rested over all the land.
Chiquita at the Chutes was still a
drawing card, notwithstanding the raw
ness of th<- atmosphere. About 1800 peo
ple enjoyed the "little one's" entertain
ment and many more were turned away.
bfing unable to gain an entrance to the
pavilion at either of the two perform
ances given.
THE FUTURE OP THE NEW
N ORTHWEST.
Tt is a safe prediction that of what
ever prosperity is in store for the
United States, a large relative share
will fall to this New Northwest: for it
Is yet in its infancy of development. In
1890 the total acreage of Minnesota
farms, improved and unimproved, was
18.603,654. leaving at least 2
rtile soil still unoccupied. The
farms of the two Dakotas, including
their unimproved acreage, cml
oniy 19,000,000 of the 90,000.000 acres in
these States, most of which is arable. .
Not a tithe of th<> mineral wealth of the
mountain States has been developed.
Alaska, reached by numerous steam
ship lines from Seattle, Taooma and
and, with its boundless wealth of
auriferous rivers and mountains, is an
outpost of this Northwest belt. Large
areas of fertile but arid land in Mon-
Washington and Northwestern
Dakota, now xiseful only as pastures
for cattle and sheep, may easily be'
converted into fruitful fields by a scien
tific system of irrigation, for which na
ture affords abundant facilities in the
mountain streams and in the artesian
basins which underlie the Dakota
plains. The areas adapted t<> agricul
ture in other sections of the United
States are bo largely occupied that im
migration will be turn* I .] perforce t"
these broad expanses of fertile plain
anil valley in the New Northwest
he would not he a too sanguine prophet
who. taking into view all the pn g
sive forces in op. -ration in this field,
should estimate its probable popula
tlon at 10,000.009 in 1910.— From --The
New Northwest." by j. A. Wheelock,
in Harper's Magazine.
THE BELT OF SPRING WHEAT.
The spring wheat nf the Northwest
owes its superior nutritious qualities t->
a law which governs the whole p;
Bion of commercial flora, of which it is
the leading representative — that the
cultivated plants reach their highest
perfection in food qualities near the
northernmost limits of their growth— a
law to which the bright summer sun.
the clear dry atmosphere, arid th>- pure
waters of this Inland region lend ad
ditional force. The cattle which bo
come skeletons on the plains of T
are driven north to grow fat on the
grasses of the Montana and Dakota
ranges, or the pastures of Minnesota,
twice as rich in albuminoids as even
those of Illinois. The fruits of these
northern latitudes are juicier, the pota
toes more farinaceous, the melons more
luscious. The strawberries, the toma
toes, the butter, the whole series of
field, garden and dairy products, tell
the same story. This hard wheat belt,
following the curves of mean summer
temperature, extends far north of the
international boundary, through Mani
toba and the Canadian Northwest, tra
versed by the Canadian Pacific and
tapped by several American lines.
Within the United States it embraces
the broad prairies of Minnesota and the
two Dakotas.— From "The New North
west," by J. A. Wheelock, in Harper's
Magazine.
A MIGHTY WORK.
"The great wall of China which. -we
have heard of from infancy, and which
we read of in our geographies, with ac
companying pictures purporting to
represent its great proportions, never
ceases to interest the people," said Mr.
Prank A. McClellan of Cheyenne. Wyo.,
last night at the Riggs. "it was a great
piece of work on the part of the Mon
golians, and must be ?ee n t<> bo ap
preciated. With all that we have heard
of the wall, it remained for an Ameri
can to measure the structure. This was
rec« ntly done by a gentleman from the
United States named I'nthank. an en
sslon. His measurement
gives the height at eighteen feet. Every
few hundred yards there is a tower
twenty-five feet high. For 1200 miles
the waH goes over plains and moun
tains, every foot of the foundation be
ing of solid granite, and the rest of the
structure solid masonry."— Washington
Post.
EDWIN BOOTH AS A HUSBAND.
At this period the second Mrs. Booth,
always a nervous invalid, began to
show pigns of the mental lack of bal
ance which finally sapped her own life
and almost broke his heart. During
her frequent attacks at Sarato — ■ and
later, when the two families met in
New York and in Loi.don, sometimes
she was very trying, but I never knew
him to show a sign or utter a word
of impatience. He bore meekly with
everything she said and did, made ex
cuses for he.-, concealed Ler irritability
and her Irresponsibility as much as
possible; he held her in his arms, as if
she were ;■ baby, for hours and nights
■her without a murmur, and he
shower) a devotion that hardly can be
equaled. — From "A Group of Players,"
by Laurence Button, in Harpers _\ia...r
uzine for January.
STOLE HIS FARE.
An Irishman landed in Liverpool
when the cholera was bad and went to
an undertaker for a job.
The man of the somber business said
'ild give him two days' work, and
the first job would be to screw a Jew
down.
Before the operation began all the
relatives walked round the coffin and
dropped money in.
When l'i.t got back to the shop h<^
asked his master what they dropped
the money in for, and the master
it was to pay the dead man's fare
over the Jordan.
"Then," said Pat, "I hope he can
swim, for I stole his fare"
To Cure a C<>ld irj One Day
Take L>axativr Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund th<» money if !t falls to cure
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAM ARY IT, IS9B.
SHOOTING FOR
PRIZE MEDALS
San Francisco Grutli and
California Club Hold
Contests.
San Rafael Targets Occupied
by Marksmen Through
out the Day.
San Francisco Turner Schuetien
Compete for Medals. Across
the Bay.
The members of the California
Pchuetzen Club held the first bullseye
shoot of the year yesterday at Schuet
zen Park, near San Rafael, and the en
thusiasm which marked the occasion
was more pronounced than has been
exhibited for many months. The rifle
range was crowded throughout the
day, and at the California Club's tar
getfl the liveliest Interest was shown.
Besides the California Bchuetzen
Club'a bullseye shoot the following
German organizations held their regu
lar monthly contests: San Francisco
Grutli and San Francisco Turners, and
the Verein Eintracht held a practice
Shoot, the Korea of which were hardly
up to the average.
The light on the targets was not
such as to insure pood scores, for the
fog hung over the park during the af
ternoon, when the shooting was most
spirited, and, added to this. It was cold
and correspondingly damp. The air
was still, and the si;:. ike -from the
ri:!<-s of the marksmen hung over the
butts. Despite the unfavorable con
ditions there was plenty of shooting.
The newly elected officers of the Cali
fornia Schuetaen Club for the year 1898
are as follows: President, Albert
Ehrenpfort; vice-pn '■' Rahwy
k-r; treasurer, <>tt>> Bremer; flrsi
retary, William NoKUns; second B
tary, Charles Sagehorn; first sh"otinsr
master, < \ Waller; second shooting
master, T. J. Carroll; third shooting
master, Robert Langer; finance com
mittee, William Ehrerpfort A 1.. < >tt.
C. Eging; trustees, L. C. Babin, EL
G-umbel and l>r. V Muffe.
The dram corps of the San Franclsoo
Turner Schuetzen held their medal con
test nn the target, an 1 the two bu<
ful riflemen and their s H.
Jonas 296 rings, tirst medal; and Wil
liam Straub -5$ rings, second tnedal.
i . Meyer, one of the < I
marksmen on the military tai
with th.> fine-trigger guns, and v
number of the California S hu<
<"iub. was among the visitors at th^
park yesterday. He brought a gun
by the Winchester Repeating
Arms Company, modeled after plans
and ideas <-f the California Schuetsen
Club members, and the firearm at
tracted considerable attention. Philo
Jacoby made a bullsey with It the first
shot, and other marksmen were equally
BSfuL Thf ritie has an exception
ally fine trigger and a stock of the
quality, with a check and arm
rest especially designed.
A committee from the Merchants",
Grocers' and Drummers' Association
visited the park, and w; — r nteitained
by Mwnwg' r Fred Schuemann. Their
quest was to secure a suitable pla
), i their annual picnic.
The members of the San Francisco
Grutll had their pictures taken as a
body.
The following: officers have been
elected by the Pan Francisco drutll
club for the >• President, Al
Hauser; vice-president, P. J. Appen
eeller; secretary, EL bferkt; financial
secretary, A. Hlnterman; treasurer. J.
Appenzeller; trustees— John Hailiman
and John Frel; first shooting master,
John Frei; second shooting master, G.
R. Hauser.
The members of the San Franrisco
Turner Schuetzen held their first
bullseye shoot for the year yesterday,
and th<- following Were the successful
Btants, In the order of th-ir
standing:
First prize — Captain Fred Attinger, 671
points.
Second prize — lieutenant F. Knmer, 186
points.
Third prize— A. T'tpohlg, 1175 rings.
Fourth, otto Burmeister. 1227; fifth.
Charles Sag^horn. 137>K sixth, H. Bchroe
<lt-r. IT.2S: seventh, Chris Eglng, IMS;
eighth, L. Thierbach, 1616; ninth. Lieu
tenant Btraub, 1711: tenth, Philo Jacoby,
17m".; eleventh, Chariea Nellsen, 1946.
At the annual election last Wednes
day the San Francisco Turners' Schuet-
Eea elected the following officers, who
will serve during the year 1898: Cap
tain, F. A. Attinger; first lieutenant,
Fred Komer; second lieutenant, Joseph
Btraub; color sergeant, Charles Komer;
etary, Lewis Hrunne; treasurer,
Adam l'.nhm; first shouting master. L.
Thierbach; second shooting master,
Joseph Qassner.
The following scores were made by
the members of the California Bchuet
sen Club In the first and inaugural
bullseye Bhoot of the year:
First. A. Bayen, 149; second, A. Oehret,
299; third. John LTtschig Jr.. 546; fourth.
a. Burmeister, 359; fifth, D. B. Paktor.
Ixth, Captain Fr< d Attingei
seventh, A.*UtßcWr, 44^; eighth, C. Meyer,
ninth, John K. Robinson, 666; tenth,
William Ertirenpfort, 681; eleventh, H.
Waller, 741; twelfth, A. Elahwyler, 78S;
tlilrteenth A. Breuss. B01; fourteenth. P.
Brunette, 9W; flfteenth, P. K. Mason, B28;
sixteentb F. A. Kuhls, 996; sevent<
I. C. Habin. W?.9: eighteenth, J. Fitz. 1050;
nineteenth, John Hartman, IQ70; twenti
eth, Q. B. Turner. 1065; twenty-first. Fred
Srhuemann, 1171; twenty-second, 1.,. Simon.
1188; twenty-third, J. Wallmer. 1221; twen
.rth. A. Jungblut, 1257; twenty
fifth. C. Sagehorn. 1.
In the meda! shoot of the San Fran
cisco Grutli club the following were
the winners in the various classes:
Champion class— A. Qehret, 403 rings.
First ctasfj -Joseph V< tz Jr.. iV2 rings.
Becond class- Ed Kunz. 182 rings.
Third class— Charles Ott, 325 rings.
First best shot-Joseph F.-tz, XL
Last best shot— J. Frei, 25.
OFF DAY FOR MARKSMEN.
Ambitious Sharpshooters Shiv
ering at the Ranges of
Shell Mound.
Yesterday was an "off day" at the
Shell Mound targets.
It was such according to the regular
schedule of the clubs using the ranges
and by reason of the fact that the fore
boding weather kept some of the marks
men away and the cold bestowed upon
the fingers of those who did essay an
onslaught on the bullseyes a numbness
which rendered a steady aim well nigh
Impossible.
It was mostly :i matter of practice
and medal shooting by ihe military, and
some of the companies which had tar
pets fur the day did not appear to claim
them.
The San Francisco Schuetz^n Y<-rc-in
held Its monthly practice shoot, with ■
fair attendance, as did also the Knights
of the Bed Branch Rifle;-.
Companies A and V, of the Fifth Regi
ment, held a practice shoot at 20
ami i>Ct yards. Their shooting rules have
not yet been agreed upon, hut they will
soon commence the regular medal com
petition at the distances named.
Company L, First Regiment, made the
following scores at 100 yards: Sergeant j
Grnndman 4!. Musician Gordon X, Mu
sician 9engstack "4, Private Lauber 35. |
T. Kn:- .. Porter 41. H. (i. I-effman ?£, :
■ \v. Kruse 19 Rogers 26, EL
J. Lefrman :::.. \"oii 32, R] An
Interesting additional feature was the I
settlement of a controversy between Mv-
Biclan Sengstack and Ehrlvate I>. N. Rog
ers over t; fa last year's med
al. The matter was settled by a "shoot
off" yesterday, resulting In a victory for
Rogers by 25.
Company P, First Regiment, piled up
Its score for the day as follows: Captain
Miller 33, Lieutenant Nippert 38, Sergeant
I\>rs.i!) 30, Sergeant Cook 38. Sergeant
Brown 41. Corporal Raine :;. r '. Private
Pever 39, 11. pklna 36, Irving 3*. Newman
ST. Nathan 35, Shoup 38, Varney 37, O'Con-
It Is expected that the scne at the '
ranges next Sunday will he full of Inter- j
est and animation. The Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club, the Pan Francisco:
Schuetxen Vereln, the Red Men's Bchuet
zi :i Club, the Uermania Schuetzen «'luh
and the Korddeutscher Bchuetxen <'lub
will have their regular meetings, hence i
it is certain that many will take part .
in the trials of skill and that the crack
shots will all he on thf>ir mettle
PILING UP DEBT.
The all-important question during the
Reichstag session just begun is the re
organization of the German navy on a
much enlarged basis. . The Emperor,
whose hobby the navy Is. as his grand
father's was the army, just now wishes
to increase the size of the German fleet
within the next seven years until it is
one-third that of the British or one
half that of the French. At present
the British navy has 62 battleships and
l •. cruisers; that of France 36 battle
ships and £3 cruisers. Germany is to
have 19 battleships and 63 cruisers.
Nearly, if not quite, all that the Reich
stag is willing to grant, but what the
majority of the delegates are not will
ing to grant is the "septennate"; that
is. to vote with the Government on the
whole financial plan on which this reor
ganization rests. At this moment the
German navy consists of but 12 battle
ships and 33 cruisers (against the
United States, 11 and 47, respectively,
or Japan's 7 and 39). and that this is
not enough is admitted pretty nearly
all around, considering the transmarine
colonies and the aspirations of Ger
many and her vast export trade. But
the Reichstag strongly dislikes tying
its successor— for the quinquennial leg
islative period of this present Reichstag
ends next spring, and a new <>r.e is then
to be elected for another five years—
to a line of action over which this suc
cessor has no control. • That, in fart, is
the main objection to the naval plan of
the Government, and owing to it prob
ably the whole plan will fail, for the
present at least. However, there Is a
strong probability that the first annual
appropriation called for under the bill
will '"• voted,! and that ought to satis
fy them for the nonce, leaving the rest
to the next Reichstag.
How enormously the empire's debt
has grown- nearly every penny of
It for the army and navy— may be seen
from the following list. The debt was:
,„, Mark- | Marks.
J-'IJ 1« ■ 721.000.60Q
"J* 72.203.CXj0 ISS9 553.75.5.900
•rj* ISS.JiW.7Oii is;*) 1.117.951.K00
}SW 21R.W7.600 1891 1317797.700
l ss \ 207,756.i*0 1592 1.65T..567.400
}fl 319.239.00.V issi 1.740.R42.500
J{*3 345.931.500 is:u 1915 714.500
!«M 373.125:200 isr-5 2>Sl2l?*»
JSSS 41f.WV.0n ]« M2J.255.100
JW* 440.000. 00rt 1897 ..2,141.242.300
ISS7 456.201.000
At a glance it will be seen that with
in nil r since the accession of
oi Emperor, the burden of
debt has Increased nearly 1.: ,000.000
marks. If tills present naval plan goes
through, another 1. ■•• will b»>
f to it. But then, to be a big
power costa money ts of it, rs Italy
has found ml to Its sorrow.
obligi imebody must pay the
X'lper if there's any dancing done. —
Philadelphia Record.
DEIFICATK OF THE KAISER.
The Berlin newspapers are discussing
the speeches at Kiel, and ai>- asking
for an Interpretation of some of the re
markable expressions which those
ties contained. They are puzzled
especially by Prince Henry's remark
about carrying "ih<' gospel of your
Majesty's hall n" Into China.
The Tageblatt acknowledges that the
phrase Is leyond its "humble powers
of comprehei lion;" and another Berlin
journal li irdlnaJ Kopp and
Archbishop Stahleski to "solve the rid
dle of this new gospel."
There is no riddle about it. The Ger
man Emperor has been deified, that is
all. His brother has offered public wor
ship t<> the hallowed person, and the
hallowed person has accepted it with
out rebuke. The old Roman Emperors
were deified, and the modern Cesar is
following th'-ir example. !i •■ goes fur
ther than his Roman prototypes, how
; a gallery of gods,
bo to speak, a sort of syndicate of dei
fication, thus dividing the responsibil
ity c: g the universe. William
is the whole thing. The other
Cesarian deieties have been dethroned,
while the Kaiser reigns alone on the.
dizzy Olympian height.— Pittsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
A MEDIAEVAL FEAST.
Th>- banquet which was hold here at
the marriage of Count Ulrlch with the
Bavarian Princess Sabina has a lustre
all its own. Beven thousand guests
were present, and for their serving
Km of the handsomest people that could
he found in all th<> land were brought
to the castle and costumed la red and
yellow cloth, and in the fourteen colos
sal Kitchens were serving day and nisht
nearly the same number of cooks. The
feast continued one week, and during
this time there were consumed 186 oxen,
]voi> calves, 570 capons, 1200 chickens,
2759 fieldfares, 11 tons of salmon. 90 tons
of herrings, 120 pounds of dov<
pounds Of saffron. 200,000 eggs, 3000
Backs of flour and 1,740,000 gallons of
wine. For eight days and nights a pub
lip wine fountain poured uninterrupt
edly through eisht tubes red and white
wine for all that wished to drink. —
From Stuttgart, by Klise J. Allen, in
Harper's Magazine.
WHAT CAUSES STEAM?
A newsboy at one of our railway
stations was very much puzzled as to
what made the steam issued from the
railway oi:nines.
Beeing a learned-looking old gentle
man pacing up and down the platform,
he accosted him thus:
"I say. mister, will you tell me what
steam is."
"St tarn, my boy— steam, did you say?
Oh — er, Bteam is steam, of course."
The lad felt as wise as ever after
receiving this reply, and seeing a mate
of his coming toward him, he addressed
him with
"Bill, do you know what steam is?"
"Why, of course I do. Jack. It's a
bucket of water all of a sweat," he
replied, with ;t knowing air.
HE WANTED TO KNOW.
A North of Scotland clergy man al
ways Impressed upon his parishioners
to call one another 'liars," but
when any one told an untruth he said
they ought t<> whistle.
One Sunday he preached a sermon
on the loaves and the fishes, and be
ing at a loss how to explain it said the
loaves v.- re not like those nowadays,
they were as big as some of the hills
of Scotland.
He had just pronounced these words
when he heard a loud whistle.
"\Vha\s that ca"s me a liar?" asked
he.
'It is I. Wullie Macdonald, the
baker." was the reply.
"Well, Wullits what objection have
ye to what I said?"
"Nane in the least, doctor, only I
wanted to know what sort of ovens
they had to bake them loaves in?" —
Spare Momenta.
THE REGULAR
ARMY NOTES
Changes on Account of the
Recent Transfer of Bat
teries of the Third.
General Miles Wants Commissioned
and Non-dommiasioned Officers
to Be Emblematized.
The transfer of the batteries of heavy
artillery of the Third Regiment from one
post to another In this district, was ac
complished last Wednesday and Thurs
day without any marked incident and the
change has not brought about any noitce
able effect, yet there are a number of the
men who were loth to vacate the pleasant
quarters at the Presidio to take up new
ones on islands distant from the city.
It has been decided that the grand par
ade df troops shall take place on the large
parade grounds on the afternoon of the
28th inst.
Since last Monday a detachment of a
non-commissioned officer and six men
from each battery at Fort Mason. Fort
Baker and Angel Island, in addition to
the artillerymen stationed at the Presidio,
have been engaged on the Fort Point res
ervation in the work of mounting the
heavy guns and -mortar carriages. Of the
latter there are to be eighteen. The work
is to be completed before the end of June.
All the men who are to take part in the
military tournament to be given during
jubilee week, have been busy practicing,
when not in the performance of military
duties, and in this they have been en
couraged by the officers, who are anxious
that the participants shall make a cred
ttable showing at that time.
Commencing to-day. First Lieutenant
Eugen. T. Wilson, Third Artillery, will
report daily, Sundays excepted, to the
commanding officer at the Presidio post
in connection with the mounting of gun
carriages at that post.
By the recent transfer of batteries of the
Third Artillery Second Lieutenant Grad
ncr wont from the Presidio to Angel
Island, where he relieved First LJi
tenoher of th»- staff duties per
formed by him, and in turn Lieutenant
M< noher came t.> the Presidio and re-
I First Lieutenant Randolph of his
(iuti.-s as ordnance offlc< r ■■: the Presidio,
Fort Winfield S.-utt and Fort- Mason.
Bj ■ recent order Issued from the head
quarters of the army the regulatloi
erning loading by squad has been
ami tided.
Lieutenant-Colonel A. !•:. Hates, of the
lepartment, who has been r«
as military attache at the United B
embassy at London. Eng., will not start
for that station until after the first week
of March. Capaln Alexander Hodgers.
Fourth Cavalry, now at the I'restdio, has
ordered to report as military at
tache at the American embassy at Paris
at. out th~ llrst of April.
General Miles will urge the Secretary
of War to adopt ai >mt>lem. to be worn
by every commlsE aed and non-com
missioned officer in the army. His idea
is to have the coat of arms of the United
States placed on the collar or other con
venient portion of the officer's uniform,
over the chevron of every non-com
missioned officer.
new style of Fhoes for enlisted
men. recently tried at various posts, have
given so murh satisfaction that the
ciuartermaster-general f the army has
: orders for the purchase of 25. 1X10
pairs. Th« so will be Becured an>!
Boned so as to be ready for issuance next
year.
ONE JOT IN AMATEUR POULTRY
RAjSINQ.
The secretary and treasurer turned
carpenter and *i"-:i ! enough in tools to
hire a small poultry house built. 1 do
nut grudge it. I' feel that I owe much
to those fowls. But for them I might
never have known the keen pleasure
that an artisan feels over a pood job.
It Is more than satisfaction — any suc
cessful member of Congress can feel
that. It is me ire than the joy of the
artist in the first moments of creation,
before the black fit comes. It is con
tent with an edge to it — and there is
no black fit after\vards. There is. too,
something very pleasant about all the
processes of the carpenter's trade— the
smell of the fresh crisp shavings, the
lovely gloss that follows a sharp plane
over a good bit of cypress or oak.
even the ring of the hammer and the
drone of the saw eating steadily
through the wood. And pleasantest of
all is the fitting the pieces, measured
apart, together, and beholding each
fall into its appointed place trig and
square and snug. Ah. I were an ingrate
did I not give a pensive gratitude to
the chicken yard to which I owe my
initiation into the first mysteries of an
ancient and noble craft. — From The
Blazing Hencoop, by Octave Thanet, in
Harper's Magazine.
AFTER HIS DEPARTURE.
Amy — Tom wants to marry me, Aris
tophanes: do you think I would better
take the chances?
Boston Parrot— Candidly I do, inas
much as It is perilous to monkey with
the chances, especially when one has
reached the period of the last one. —
Harper's Bazar.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BT'PIN'KSS OFFICE of the Ran FraiK-ineo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
2."? Hayes street: open until 9.30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:31 p. m.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets:
open until 9 o'clock.
\(<f> Eleventh street; open until 0 o'clock.
?51S Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Wll.T.iam J ROHRER Is not authorl* ~to
collect or have any money on account of the
Broadway Brewery.
MRS. JACOB ROHRER.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith given notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls an.l boys have been admitted at the in-
stitution on Halght st from July 1. 1597. to
Jan. 1, 1S98: Rachel Crossley, 12 years; Neva
Crossley. 10 years; Eva Crossley, 2 years;
Etta" Llthgow. 13. years: Sophie Semler. 13 ,4
years; Emma Shoebrldge. 11 years; Emellne
Burket. 5 years; Hilda Burket. 2 years: Lou-
isa Potts. 7 years: Minnie Potts, 4 years; Jes-
sie Potts. 3 years; Delma Cottrell. 8 years:
Llllle Borkman. 7 years: Annie Peterson. 13
years; Mabel Peterson, 3 years; Frank Me-
Kean, 2 years; Edward Burket. 9 years; Fred-
erick Berket, I years: Carl F. Berg. 11
years: David Cottrell. 10 years: George Bock-
man, 8 years: Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, shoes, corsets, hosiery, under-
wear, bedspreads, towels. laces, linings, I
trimming, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pio- t
neer Dry Goods Store, 103 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION"
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..*room «: tel. 5580.
FOR -Double-end boat 24x5:6; all com-
plete; $:.". MRS. VOGEL, 1108 Kentucky st.,
near Eighteenth.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 3. 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician: alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
; JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths 8- Mason st.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from SI and papered $2 50 up.
239 Third st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary Bt.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24, Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTIC.r.S.
DIVIDEND No. 61 (forty cents per share), of
the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St.. on and after THURSDAY. Jan-
uary 20, IS9B. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 14. 18^8. 3 o'clock p. m.
Friday. January 14. IM. Rt .1 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY NO. <l *-«
16 K. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 |J1)
Sutter street. Stated assemly THIS Jill
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. The Order
of the Red Cross will be conferred. All
fraters are courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. ■
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS _JV.
EVENING. Business and M. M. /£3\
degree. 'V'
' H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill-
more St.: First Degree THIS (MON- Jgjt
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /Mr>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F and A. a
M Called meeting for THIS (MON-
t>AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First >i_3f
Decree By order of the W. M. /^V >
1 X P. G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. and •
AM Called meeting THIS DAY JV
(MONDAY). January 17. 1898, at 7:30 TSJm.
o'clock p. m. Degree No. 2. By order /V v
of the W. M. SCHUMACHER, secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the' office of the company.
which office Is now temporarily situated at
No 319 California street. City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY the 17th day of January. IS9S, at the ;
hour 'of two o'clock p. m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may b > brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day, January 11th. 18*8, at 3 o clock p. m.
GEORGE W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6th, IS9S.
THE regular monthly meeting of the stock--
holders of the National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company 32. Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY the 2d day of February. 1898. at the
hour 'of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
; other business F may o Com^bgo^^ggt-
ing. .1 F DONAHUE, Secretary
ANNUAL, meeting -The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal..
on Friday, the 21st day of January, 1898, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
1 of electing a board of directors to serve for
! the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on MON DA i,
! January 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation. 14 Sansome St.. room In.
San Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY,
January 20, IS9S. to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such ether business as may come before
the meeting. 3 C VTINANS, Secy.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
I'nfon Iron V. - orks will be held at the office
of the company. 222 Market St.. Pan Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY, January 25, 1898, at 11:30
■: a. in., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, find for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J OR GT'NN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
January 10. I<t99.
SITIATIO.XS WAM'EO-FEMALB.
A No. 1 American Protestant cook, best of
city refer" is n situation. J. F.
CR< >SKTT CO., SM Butter stn
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $1" to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 32." Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress and !
chambermaid desires situ.. 1 . : refer-
ences Miss CULLEN. ::•-.". Butter st..
GERMAN houseglrl, good cook: best refer- :
$15 to $20 MMS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
L i
COMPETENT American woman, strong and j
willing to do anything, is al^ne; would go in :
a steady home, small family; plain cooking, ;
umall wash; has references; first-class in ;
evr-ry kind of work: can take care of any :
home; is steady and reliable; right wages.
Ladies pi-
middle-aged woman, is a nice Amer- ;
I and baker, would go as a sick
nurse and sleep home; wages $12 t > $13. Call !
129 Third st.
CHAMBERWORK and sewing or child's nurse
by a competent young woman: understands
her work; city or country. Box 61*5. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker. Is first-class fit-
ter and designer, wishes a few more rngage-
ments; prio<- moderate. Address box M 7, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do j
g-tneral housework in small family. Please ;
call at 1371 Stevenson st.. nr. Thirteenth
SITUATION by an elderly woman to do house- ',
work. . cook and laundress; city or.
country-. Call at 7;i< Mission -'. |
N \\ Ishes work by the day or week i
h lusecieanins; good laundress or cooking;
, home. 442 Jessie st
NEAT young girl. K>'"d cook, best ' references,
desires v place to do general housework. 513
McAUisti r street.
COMPETENT woman wants situation: general
.■..■lk or ,!>■ second work; is willing and
obliging. Please call at 4GIA Minna st.
WOMAN v.. mts work doing plain washing or
chamberwork and waiting. SQ9D Hayes st.
■ 1 assist in household duties
by refined English woman: husband goinj I
Alaska; salary not so much object as com-
fortable home. A. L., box ZC. ('all if flee.
BY an experienced teacher, position as visit-
ing teacher from '.' until 2; English and
t of references in both. Address
Teacher, 833 Capp st.
SCANDINAVIAN widow, speaks English, has
two small children, desires situation in small
family; nominal wages only if good home.
Bos 388, • 'all office.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do
general housework or as housekeeper; good
plain cook. MRS. JANNTCH. 739 Natoma St.,
near Ninth st.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation a I • per; city or short dis-
• ■ In country. Call before 12 o'clock. 171!<A
Eddy st.
YOUNG lady. Industrious and economical,
would like situation as managing house-
tces. ' ' . bos 60, Call.
REFINED lady with girl of 12. desires position
as housekeeper, or will try anything honest.
Address or call. MRS. D., 1433 Mission St.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires position In
family, good cutter and fitter; no objection
intry. Address box 578, Call offl «.
SITUATION wanted by b competent woman to
take care of an invalid: can furnish good
>nces. Apply at IMS Mission st.
WANTED— Qy an American woman, age 3S.
p.'siti. n as housekeeper. Address MRS. E
A. KXAPP, Oakland Postofice. *
MIDDLE-AGED tady and daughter (17), to-
gether. w\-<h positions on ranch. Apply or
address 3Ti4 Third St., upstairs.
ELDERLY American woman wants a situa-
tion; is a good plain cook; city or country
Call or address 22'; Seventh st.
YOUNG lady desires position as cashier or
companion to elderly lady; references. Ad-
dresa a!l office.
HOUSEWORK of any kind by the day; first-
class laundress; by day or month; references
1007 Larkin st.
GIRL wants a position for general housework
Call or address 3369 Twenty-sixth st. MR.
H I'XT.
YOUNG Spanish lady would like a situation
t" do second work. Inquire at 1036 Pacific.
YOUNG lady %vishes a position where she can
attend evening school. Address 427 Grove.
WANTED— House or chamber work In return
for room rent. Address )... x 608, Call office.
SWEDISH Kirl wishes position as cook- cltv
mtry. Address box 609. Call office!
XV , ANT "" s cashing and mend-
Ing nicely done. 513 Eddy st.
YOUNG woman wants full charge of invalid
.ant. Call at 2803 Sixteenth ln^'W
CHEAPKST and best In Amerlca-The Weekly
all. Sent to any address In the United
Suites or Canada one year for $1 50, postage j
SITUATION.* WAXTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese: estab. 20 years- holn-
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO . 640 Clay &
JAPANESE employment office; work day hour
or evening. 122% O'Farrell st.; tel Davis Z.
C S2? ] SS a ?^,,' ia J anese Employment offlce:
best help. 41414 O'Farrell. Tel E. 425.
CHINESE un 4 Japanese Employment Ofuce—
Best help. M Geary st. Tel. Grant 56..
H H^ TE^, * CO Chinese end Japanese emp.
; office. 614»^ California st. tel. Main 231.
WANTED— By a man. to work for a private
family; can do all kinds of work; horses,
cows, gardening; willing and obliging- city
men°to try Address J - M - J - 631 Sacra-
Y 2.»r^? Japan boy wishes position as
" waJtar or cook; has best references. 53
Minim st., rear.
BREAD Or cake baker; hotel or restaurant:
city or country. Address boat 614. call office.
. P mf a TI< ISST, bb l d 2 ni T^ or^. nte<i by reliable
SITUAI >XS W .KTED-Contlnned.
YOUNG man (English) wants situation on
gentleman's country place; care of horse, cow
and garden and generally useful; references.
H. 8., box s!>o. Call office.
GARDENER -Young man. employed in pri-
vate family, wishes to make change end of
month. Box 14, Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread; country pr<nr>r-
red. Now Atlantic Hotel, 209 Montgomery
aye.
I want good commission for Austral!.'
smart hustler and well known there: manu-
facturers answer Quick. Box 806, Call office.
■ ■'■ man of ability wants employment for
board and small salary; •> :l practical book-
keeper; will accept any employment; good
references. Box ir>7, Berkeley.
YOUNG man, graduate of business college, de-
sire? situation in an office or store; under-
stands bookkeeping: fair penman; speaks
Italian. M. MAGGINI. Prescott House.
EXPERIENCED business man with horse and
bnggj wants position with wholesale house
in Alameda County: small salary and com-
niissiiti; best of references. S., box 9. Call
Office, Oakland.
MAN thoroughly experienced In general mer-
chandise, hotel and liquor business, ordi-
nary bookkeeper, wants salaried position in
Alaska. P. H. ?., 43.1 Thirteenth st.
YOUNG man with some command of stenog-
raphy would like employment, not to con-
flict with evenlner school; salary nominal.
Address R.. 1123 Sutter st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes position on Freiyh
newspaper; is experl compositor. Addri ~a
E. A , 7 J -hn st.
80H..F.R maker with first-class references: also
blacksmith capable of tempering all kinds of
wishes position in mines; any place.
Box 562, Call ofl
GARDENER; Bingle'; thoroughly competent in
all branches gardening and greenhouse work,
first- ■ would like position
with private family. Box ;53. Call office.
YOUNG married man of gro<j habits, refer-
ences, desires positiQn; goud around horses;
not afraid of work: in private family or any-
v/her?. Box 520, Call
33? HAVES ST. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $150 per night;
M GO to $fi per week; convenient and respect-
nWe; free bus and bapKage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HKI.P WANTED.
PROTESTANT girl for cooking and housework:
small American faintly; a short distance; 52,"-:
see party here at 11:30 to-day. J. F. CROS-
ETT C( >.. 316 Sutter -treet.
LARGE nui all kinds of work,
in city an - numerous to ad-
vertis.-. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter Ft.
NEAT yciiing girl, $15. Miss CULLEN, 325
Suiter si.
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, $20. MISS
CULLEN, S2S Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child over 2 years old, $15.
MISS CULLEN, :•:::■ Sutter et.
WAITRESS, ?2.". private family; 2 German
nurses, 525 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FRENCH maid, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
REFINED German girl, speaking French, as
governess and seamstress, or French girl, $25.
MISS (TIJ.KN. :C", Sutter St.
GOOD plain cook and general housework In
small family; Protestant preferred; see lady
here Monday morning. MISS CTLLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, south. $20; waitress, country ho-
tel, north. $22 50; waitress, Fresno, $20; 2
waitresses, same country hotel. $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, city. $5; 2 chambermaids
and wait, $15. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 108
Geary st.
10 YOUNG women who live home for light
work. $10 a month and board; call early
Monday. C. R. HANSEN &- en.. 108 Geary.
2 EXPERIENCED ironers for first-class hotel
laundry. Bouth; reduced fare: $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FOUR chambermaids and wait some, $20 and
room; 6 waitresses, $5; waitress. $6 a week;
7 waitresses. $2" and room: 8 waitresses, $15
and room; 2 waitresses, same hotel, $40 and
room: 3 waitresses. $18 and room. MARTIN
A CO., 74S Mark
GIRL. Mill Valley. J2.1. see party here; girl.
Filbert St., $20; girl. Broderlck, $20; girl,
Fulton. $20; L' gins. Devisadero. $25; girl,
Gough, $20: girl. Gough, $2.": 3 second girls.
J2'i: glr!. Franklin. $1S; girl. Eddy, -
girls. Berkeley, $20 an, l J2.",; 23 girls. Si:., nice
families. MARTIN & CO., 74:' Market St.
W( >MAN with a child to go to Nevada ou
ranch, see party here; cook, ptlvate family,
country, $25: lady speaking North German as
companion to lady, country; women and girl.i
for housework, country. MTItRAY &
READY, leading emp. agts., 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— French maid and seamstress. $25;
French girl, housework, $20; 3 German cooks,
$30. $2.V French or German second) ?:■';
Frenx h nursery governess, care 1 child, must
have references; waitress and parlor maid.
$2,".; girls for housework and assist. LEON
ANDRE, SOS Btockton street.
COOK, $3'i; second girl. $25; housegirl, two In
family. $25; middle-aged woman, country, $20;
y .ung girl, $10 to $12: nurse, $15. MRS.
>."< >UT< 'X. 323 Sutler st.
WAITRESS, private boarding-house, $20;
chambermaid. $18; 2 conks, $3.v 3 nurseglrls,
$15 and Sl c ; S girls for housework. MRS.
IIIRD. 721 Ellis st.
COMPETENT nurse to take care of small
child: wages, $20; references required. Call
271> »'alifornla st., bet. 10 a. m. and 12 m., or
5 and 6 p. m.
GIRL wanted to do cooking and assist In
housework. Apply 2409 Jackson st. , between
S and 12 o'clock Monday morning.
MANAGING housekeeper, wealthy widower's
grown children; references exchanged.
Market st.
GIRL to do genera! housework in small "Amer-
ican family; wages $20. After 9 o'clock. 719
Cole st.
LADY stenographer for publishing house. $10;
cashier grocery store. 101S Washington, Oak-
land.
DRESSMAKER— Charge dressmaking depart-
ment, department store; references. 313 Bush.
COMPETENT waitress in private boarding-
house; no other;- apply. SOS Van Ness aye.
WANT a girl to assist in housework In a Ger-
man fami! hanan st.
VOtING girl to assist in general housework;
small family. 1717 Buchanan st.
MAN and wife as managtr and cashier; light
cash business. 1023 Market st.
GIRL to assist in housework; sleep at home;
wagi ■ eet.
TRAVELING saleslady, tailor-made garments,
$13 weekly. 1023 Market st.
TAILORESS on coats. Room 309, Phelan
building.
NEAT young gir' • assist in housework; small
family. i<jl2 Washington st.
('■IKI.S to trim uniforms and make banners.
1023 Market st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; family of 2.
1717 Turk st.
WANTED— Apprentice on custom pants. 851
Folsom st.
YOUNG lady to address envelopes and do light
office work. 313 Bush st.
XT'RSES call nn.l register San Francisco
Xurses" Directory. SOT Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS flntaher on vests; steady work.
good wages. 966 Mission st.
LOT of uncalled-for shots from 26c up to fl 25.
T.i;2 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing. 35c, men's shoes, sole-
ing, 50c. : all repairing done at half the usual
p! ; !!-.> r.t',2 Mission st.. bet Ist and 2d.
WANTED— I girls, German or Swedish, for
general housework and take care of chil-
dren: references required.- Call 1320 Leaven-
worth st., near Washington.
WANTED— Lady stenographer who writes a
plain hand: wages $15 a month. Address B.
E. R.. box 574. Call office.
WANTED— A neat girl for general housework
at San Mateo; wages $15. Apply at 309 Sacra-
mento st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. THE
BREXXER-ULMAX CO.. 17-13 Battery st.
DR. WISE, the ladies" specialist. IHS Market
st ; monthly troubfes. etc. One visit sufficient.
THK McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
il is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Drsss-Cuttlng School. 1073 Mar-
kOv .fit. ; a. perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing "n; call and be convinced.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
tions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAMED.
WAJiTSD- SB raiTroad tiemakers; Bto 10 cents-
n 1 Umber; tools advanced; pay monthly
and. a long job. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento street.
WANTED— 23 mechanics can obtain passage
to Yukon for $100 cash, balance to be worked
out. by applying to J. F. CROSETT & CO
<;:> Sacramento t-t.
W A NTEDr-Flrsi-claas blank book and Job
ruler, $3 to S3 50 per day. Apply to J F
CROSETT & CO.. 528 Sacramento street.
WANTED— 3 ship carpenters; $2 50 to $3 per
day: three boat builders. $2 50 to $3 per day
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO , 62S Sac-
ramento street.HELP WANTED- Continued. 1
WANTED— American butter maker, no milk- (
Ing. $33 and found; 2 miners, $3 per day; 3
coal miners, by ton; oil salesman; school
furniture salesman on mission. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento street. |
WANTED— Manager for subscription depart-
ment or publishing use; $75 to $150 per
month. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
■ Sacramento street.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel; see
party here Monday moral] $100. C. R.
2 HAXSEN & CO 10S Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, country hotel laun-
dry, $30 and found : reduced fare. C. R.
HANskx & CO., 108 Geary St.
50 TIEMAKERS, S and l<^c a tie; good timber;
board. $15 a month: tools advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
10 ITALIANS to cut 10.000 cords 0f. 4-foot wood
by contract; $1 a cord; virgin timber; good
size; tools and grub advanced. C. R. HAN- ,
SEN & CO., ICB Geary st. j
30 SCANDINAVIAN wondchoppers; new camp;
BCOrt cords of pine and cedar cordwood; tools
and erub advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
MAN in business house as porter; understands
taking care two horses, wagon; married;
German-speaking preferred; no other. An-
swer Box 619, Call.
SAUSAGE maker. $12 a week. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
SECOND butler] &>■ MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St. " ' ' _
BOY about 19 or -* years old as second butler,
$15. MISS CCLLEN. 325 Suttcr st.
BARBERS— Send one dollar to lock box 436.
Ukl.ih ("ill., and get by express, prepaid, a
' bottle of rapid honing fluid: it hones a razor
in a quarter of a minute: enough fluid to last
barber a year; money refunded if not satis-
factory. .
FOR Yukon River; captain and engineer wants
position to run steamer on the Yukon. Ad-
dres« box Gl5. Call office.
WANTED— A tirst-class apprentice. Tailor
shop. 22471? Mission St.
WAITER wanted at COFFEE JOHN'S. 626
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Dishwasher it 1501 Kentucky st., ■
Pqtrero; Keidy's Hotel.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States i
marine corps. United States navy: able- '
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of j
21 and 3'i years, who are citizens" of , the ;
United States, or those who have legally de- |
clared their intention to become such; must
be of pool character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height, i
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francirco. Cal I
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on j
■ platen and cylinder work; quick, careful, i
conscientious and reliable. Address, giving i
experience, references, etc., box SSO, 'all.
WANTED— To go to Ililo, Hawaii: good gen- I
eral tinsmith who understands running pipe;
Fteady work for year; wages SIS week; refer-
' ences required. Apply 554 Mission St. J
WANTED— Active office boy. 15 years old: ,
references. i'l Supreme Court building, 9 I
o'clock a. m. Monday.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes:
been slightly damaged; at less than one- j
fourth their value; from 2.1e to $2 50. 502
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
SHOEMAKERS to ret men's cnlf uppers. SI; i
.tarn- price to order: best American. $1 £0 ;
SHIRLEY, 921 Howard st.
WANTED— Man to learn barber tsade, Amer- i
lean or Irish, at 1542 Market st. j
WANTED — Doctor for medicine company; .
must have diplomas and lecture. Write with |
full r»rticu;;irs to J. O. OLIVER. Grand Cen- |
tral Hotel. Stockton, Cal.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; choice help
furnished. P Powell St.. room 2: tel. Clay 783. ;
WANTED— An experienced city salesman, j
Brownstone Wine Company, 331 Ellis st.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer j
• or wine. sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to* $1 ;
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
BAILORS and I nary seamen wanted at '
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
MEN solelnp. 50c; !adt=B\ 40c: while you i
wait. 63S Market; branch. 7C7 Market. I
BARBERS' Association ¥ ■■■ Employment Of- i
flee. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. I
4 MARKET Ft.-Branch office of The Call; j
want ads and subscriDtions taken.
(IS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call, wan: |
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. 75c and $1 ;
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S. j
F. Barber College. ISS' Eighth.
ELCHO Iluuse, 803*4 Market St.— Rooms 20c.. I
25c to EOc nieht: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night: 50c to $1 50 per
week; Oriental. 22S Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 7C4H Mission: !
men to take rooms: 10c. !5c and 25c per ;
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and j
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Setter j
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth. J
for a' room: 2oc a night: $1 a week.
WANTED -Laborers and mechanics to know ;
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large I
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Mar) 200 rooms. 2"c a night; reading-room: |
free "hu«! and baegage to nnd from th" tmvr* \
AGENTS WANTED.
MOTtK territory loft for Perfection Burner:
consumes kerosene: S6 to $12 day: company
marufp.cturirur sold 558 dozen one day Paci-
fic Supply Company, room S2. Flood Bui id Ing.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER with JS-'.flOO cash: manufacturing
Klondike r>«m'enFe<l food cansule: orders on
band for 15,000 capsules. 959 Howard. DR.
CONDORY.
FURNITURE WAITED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion Ft. ; tet. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1? Mont-
rnrr.~rv pt. : biirhAet nrir^p nat<l. Ta|. T~>t- ■ "I
HOARDING WASTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room »nd board; state
terms. Address box :■-:. Call office.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WE* buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves,
etc. JAMES CURTIN, 1123 Market St.
SECOND-HAND clothing, drpsses. sealskins,
wanted: best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: lowest rates;
no com. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall Sqre.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. .1. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
HORSES.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses; must
a sell. T. V. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth Ft., auction sales every Wed-
' nosday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
EO HEAD of horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable, 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET st.— Branch office of The call;
. want ads and subscriptions taken.
WAGONS ASD CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wagons, Z-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-spring delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 line top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison. St.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
28 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ee-r.d to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Work?. 14 Bth St., B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like •new~jT
M* QUEEN. 453 Stevenson: tel. S. 22>>.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 Sutter;
tei. Majn 304. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3c: laying, 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie '-•14 Stratton, 3 Eighth.
CARPETS Cleaned and renovated like new.
23 Tenth; tel South K. Mackintosh _ Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
ft.; cleaning Be a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLINS carpet-beating works.' MS Golden
Gate v- Telephone East 126. .
' TVI'IUVKITI'.IiS. .
lin^lN^T^r^?o7^r^nT'orSerT V»25;V »25; ""sample
■»<.' SCOTT Si TSANNAN, 3*3 Montgomery.
BL'SI.\ESS CHANCES.
A— s3tO; best paying corner saloon on Sixth st :
rent $40; a genuine business offer; rarest
p tn the market. All particulars, cull
WII.KE, TKt Market St.
$:<OO— CHOP house and restaurant, established
many years and doing a first-class bu
meals. 20 cents and above; choicest location ;
isite ferry landing; rent low; lease.
WILKK, 7x3 Market st.
LO4 in. establish I «c to three
theateis and Baldwin Hotel; low rent, doing
I paying business: first-class bargain.
WILKK. 7c3 Market st.
SALOON; Mtabllahed many years; sur-
rounded by shipping offices and factories;
retu $17; a first .-lass, paying place; actual
value about MM; bin gain. Particulars
WILKE, 7M Market st.
5. - k.vhkst chance; corner saloon m very
li Cation in city; established many
yars; clearing above $250 per mo.;
large stock; the very best cliss of customers
Particulars, WTLKE, TSt Market ft.
J6OO— OLD and flrst-clr- I -iloon: close
to Baldwin Hot- • ustom: net
rent 560; a tine buslnesa opening. Inquire
WII.KE. 7^ Mark-! I
I ' 'l.l'-KSTARLISHED corner saloon, best
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
dir. ct; a great bargain. WILKK, 7M Mar-
\D • Bt.
NOTICE ARMSTRONG .v Market
St., will sell your business quick for
: GROCERY and bar: fir..- location.
1750— Restaurant doing good bus
Lodging house; best location.
Jl2:,— Branch bakery near Market st.
See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, 8654 Market
lAFE and gun Investment; transient
lodging-house; 60 beds; best location In city;
guaranteed to clear JSS monthly, no trouble
for party to run: months trial before pur-
chaaiag. Apply REAL'S A CO., 917 Market.
$225 BRANCH bakery and variety Si
rooms. CURRAN Keamy st.
PARTNER wanted In bar and dining-room of
a hotel which has tl I tlon In town
and ha« 95 rooms thai are all taken. For
mafl< n address box 618, Call.
GOOD i ' Apply
.? MARTIN, 6 Eddy St., bet. 1 and I o'clock.
SALOON; bargain; good business pin*'*:
Lp rem; must be sold. SO5 Howard M
RKST.VIP.ANT for -• I street.
■i ss block in thi-
- cheap. 687 Clay st.
GOOD i I N ' 0. 50C
Clay st.
HOTEL for sale, in a thriving town, within
hour's Journey of the ■
rooms, bath, etc; modern brick build
1 iw lease; new furni!
I
lay. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIIJ
CO., Market st.
PARTNER wanted for geneial mercha
and auction busings in a prosperous mining
community: big returns already proven, war-
ranting in. -n-as.- Call or 
room 2, Crocker building.
PATENTS.
SMITH &■ OBBORN. Registered Patent
Agents; established It ' San
■ Francisco.
BAKERY and confectionery in the best
part of city: store trade daily US to J?2:
Sun. '.ays $35 to $4..; outside trade i* to 11:
without wagon route. Apply Call Office
DOWNTOWN notion-ttore, l>< ateii in th^?
heart of the traffic, with X and
long lease at low rent; price 15000; principals
only: g.>o^ reason for seiilng. i'H Call.
PLAY, the races on our new
on $100 capital; no charges unlec
merican Turf liureau,
ms 5 and 6, SSfl Market St., S F.
FOR sale- Flower store, doing fine business;
.-. established 4 years;
r-^nt. For further particulars ad.'re*:*
box 621, Call Of!
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
Btates or CanaAa one year for $1 ZO. postage
free.
in hand Invoices over ;
trade big; too large tor < :..- to handle; man
more than (ash wanted. Box ~V,. Call
OLD established stationery, notioi
■ ! living for small Investment. Call
or address H. i'"3 Park st.. Alan
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
BOOK ■ - end cigar store. ?:;.*>" lens
than Invoice. Address W.,
flee, fii", Larkir
•Ion: good tiargaln. N. A.,
office, i mkland.
PORTLA.N'd agency this paper. Inquire in!*
TTHrd «t . Portland, I'r.y.m
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL ft CO.'S, 415 Sacramento »L
GENTLEMAN par! ■ mission h
1n the country. 1015 Market, rm. 17. Id ft.x.r
Y-STORE: Market St.: re.eipts I
month; offer wan'. 1 . I >X- ■,; i; ••: |
! WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: mußt be I
I sold by February L Address box 605, Call.
I HALF interest in hand laundry, situated In i
i country town. Address box 557. Call office.
! $550 BUYS the best equipped and paying res-
i taurant in city; no triflers. 402' i Geary st.
I WANTED— Capable lady manager: some cap- ;
ltal: rare chance. MRS. A., box r.37. Call.
— Goodwill of country saloon; state
I price; no agents. Box 561. Call office.
j $3. r .O — CIGAR and news stand In railroad sta-
tion. 8., box 10. Call office. Oakland.
$2,".— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin, suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant ,ive.
I RESTAURANT for sale «t your own price If
sold this week. 43 Third st. .... j
FOR sale— Whole or part Interest In profitable
business. Bo< 572. fall office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly
■ Call. in wrapper, for mailing.
$*.(W— Restaurant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth st. ♦
527 MONTGOMERY, cor Clay— Open until 9:30
I o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
| tions and want ads taken.
ALA-KA. ENTERPRISES.
DETERMINED men wanted for Alaska gold
fields — A company of 2.". able-bodied, good and
responsible men, . Including the captain. is :
formed to go to a certain location In Alaska,
where gold Is known to exist in abundance.
The party to consist chiefly of mechanics,
blacksmiths and carpenters and one engineer
for the steam launch. A deposit of $500 is
required.
This deposit Includes a two-years' supply
of provisions, all mining tools required, an
equal share In the vessel and steam launch !
and an <-oval share in the mining returns.
The above deposit will defray all expenses
for two years, excepting clothing, which will
have to be furnished by each Individual. For
further particulars apply to
8180, NEWMAN & IKENBERG.
; Cor. Polk and California sts.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
100-ROOM- house: fine corner $7000
27-room house on Post it 1600
24-room house near Call office 600
34 rooms, fine corner 1600
6 rooms, new flat, corner 400
39 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st., only 650
108-room hotel, only 6500
16 rooms, on Market, part offices 8.10
30-room house, must sell 7",0
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40.... 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
WINSTON A CO..
No. 646 MARKET STREET.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
15 rooms. $400 cash, balance payments $*00
21 rooms, rent $65: elegant; bargain 650
32 rooms, must be sold; sickness 700
22 rooms, n<*ar Market st. bargain 425
IS rooms, rent $50: house full COO
32 rooms, ■ corner, only 900
$100 Partly furnished noose of 14 rooms: near
Mission and Third; 24 rooms. Mission and
Fourth. $475: 50 houses for sale. Before pur-
chasing apply HEALY & CO.. W7 Market st.
FOR sale— Lodging and boarding house: pay-
I Ing well; best location; low rent: 43 rooms:
good furniture; price $4000; $2500 cash. $1500 In
1 year. Inquire of MR. A. S. HONEL. 320
Butter St.; no agents. .
32 rooms— Market St.: nicely furnished: rent
$2 50 per room: clears $100 per month; one-
half cnxh: balance 1 per cent. W. M. EL-
BOM, 1346 Market st.
MINNA. 607. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay window room: $1 a week.
FOR SALE— Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some st. ' ■■">■■ : ~- _ :
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE furniture complete of a 6-room cottage
set ready for housekeeping; also several well-
bred Japanese pug dogs: everything goes at
I a bargain to a cash buyer: premises to let.
Inquire at 449 Bryant st. ■
539 HAVES ST. -Branch office of ,he ('nil
Subscriptions and ade taken.
"sewing machines.
$2 MONTHLY: rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged,' rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
lift* Market: diseases of ti-r.m/>n n specialty.
THE SAX FRANCISCO (ALT,, MONDAY, JANUARY IT, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay j
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer- ;
lean Investors' Co.. 11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
TWENTY-SIXTH] 4126— Whole or part of
house, 7 rooms; modern; yard.
FOR rent cheap to responsible parties— Neatly
furnished house; 9 rooms and bath and lovely
garden: call between boars of I and 3 o'clock; '
references required. JOE E. ENRIGHT, 13
East San Fernando Ft.. San .!'-•■. ''al.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: cheap rent to responsible ten- ■
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Mar-
ket pt
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 1313 Baker; 5 roomsT~stableT~B
stalls. Apply MADISON &■ BURKE.
ELLIS. 1705. nr. Rteiner— Nicely renovated 6
rooms; bath; modern; water free, $17.
NEW 4. 5 and 7 r. : $10, $15 and $20; or will sell.
$50 to $150 cash; bal. same as rent, 646
Market st.
$7. $S and $9 cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co. 14
Montgomery st.
CHERRY, ins— Nice sunny cottage, furnished
or unfurnished; 7 rooms, bath, basement and
garden. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye.. marble
shop.
SUNNY cottage, 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from park: all modern Improvements; marine
view. 2517 McAllister st.
FLATS TO LET.
cherry, 111- Flat. ?, rooms, bath : '. basement:
back garden; $12. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on sunny side of
Clementina St.. bet. First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
i DALE place, 12. off Gol-Jen Gate aye.. between
Leaven worth and Hyde — 3 large rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. ISSSA, near Hattle — Sunny
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath, $10 and $13.
ELEGANT corner flat. <; r. oms and bath;
modern Improvements. 730 Devlsadero st.,
corner Fulton.
LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 172 Hawthorne
j St., near Harrison.
[ UPPER sunny corner flat, 7 rooms; rent low.
j 233 Page st.
| FOUR rooms and bath. 223 I-aurel aye.. bet.
Turk nnd Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
reduced.
, X'F.W modern flnt: lust completed: latest Im-
■ provements. 28 Lombard St., cor. Jones.
! ALL OVER TOWN ~ ,
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1" Montgomery st.
j A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St.. nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
! FINE, sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath. 5134
i O'Farrell ,-t.
j €65 PINE St.— 3 flats of 3. 4 s\nd 5 rooms; bath;
I nice location.
j FLAT of 7 rooms and bath. *17.
Plat of 4 rooms nnd bath. «m.
Flat of 3 furnished rooms. $?.
Key at 4499 Seventeenth st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLKTT, 414. near Twenty-flth— Flat. S
rooms, sink room and bath: all runny: nicely
furnish^!; hot water supplied; rent $13.
BRANNAN. 422— Two large sunny rooms to let;
rent $6 per month.
CAPP, fil4 — r sunny rooms: furnished for house-
keeping: also single rooms.
FIRST, 28—3 nice front rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping, $12.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 404—3 Funny front
rooms; complete housekeeping; $10; also, un-
furnished rooms.
GROVE. 2C'2, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites: with pas stove.
HARRIETT, IS .' sunny furnished housekeep-
Int.- rooms; $9.
HARRISON. 417— Furnished rooms for house-
keep! ng: $7 per month.
HOWARD. 792 FurnishM sunny housekeeping
rooms; slnple. ?4 and $5 a month.
HOWARD, S2l— Housekrepine rooms: "inrlf. $7
and '■ psr month: suit"*. $12: other rooms.
JESSIE. 43.'*— 2 Ice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms: rent t<: chenp.
MISSION. 561, near Second— 3 sunny rooms:
furnished complete for housekeeping; also 2
sunny back rooms.
MISSION. 533— Lar^e sunny suite; complete
for lusekeeplng $10.
MISSION 9«7— Two larpe front rooms and
kitchen: also others, cheap.
MISSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
O"FARRELL. r.XT.ii— One to five unfurnished
rooms and bathroom; reasonable.
I POWELL. Two furnished housekeeping
[ suitable for man and wife, or mother
I and (laughter.
| RITCH. 20. near Folson-.— 2 nle» front rooms
with jrrate; suitable for man and wlte or 2
pent!-
SIXTH 119 A —3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
i complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place. 19- $lO. 6 sunny rooms.
Including bath: also $7 SO, 4 nood rooms.
VAN NESS AYE.. 817. cor. Ellis ft.— S-.mny
I front housekeeping. $18; also unfurnished.
CIS LARKIN Branch office of the Call. Sub-
tcrtptlona and want n.ls taken
ROOMS TO I,ET.
i BUSH. 2r,2«— sunny front rooms, furnished for
llrht housekeeping; no children.
j SHERMAN Apartment 1! use. is Eltrhth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
AUSTRIA H0U5E.~246 ~ Fourth Bunny front
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents!
$6 and $7.
GEARY, ']■ Elegant sunny housekeeping
'rooms, complete; also double. single; rea-
sonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— '. or~2 well-fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, with kitchen, for light
housekeeping, with gas cookstove an free
use of telephone.
HOWARD, 714 — I^arge. sunny front parlor; also
single rooms: rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 71.", St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites";
single; sunny reading-room: 25c up
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and Mngle; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
MARTHA place. 6. south of Geary, above Ma-
son — Large sunny room for 1 or 2; terms rea-
sonable.
MCALLISTER, 14— Fine large studios, class-
rooms, offices, $8 per month up; suites, $14.
MINNA, JR— Furnished rooms to let, 75c and $1
per week.
HANCOCK HOUSE. "M Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
O'FARRELL, 413— 2 unfurnished rooms; $8 per
month. • - ; .- - 
POST, 2406— Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL. 123— Good furnished suite of rooms
. to rent •by the day, week or month.
POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, on suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suit* and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SIXTH, 125— Cheapest In city; nicely furnished
Bunny front rooms, double and single.
STOCKTON.* 17. European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER. 514— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; bay-window; first floor.
TWELFTH, 239—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
single and double, for gentlemen. $5 and $7.
WASHINGTON. 602— Why pay carfare and use
extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms $B-
also, 2 for $6.
WILLIAM, 107. off Geary, bet. Taylor and
— Sunny furnished room.
FRONT and back parlor in a private family;
located In central part of the city; car« pass
door; rent $10 per mo. Address box 541, this
office.
tOO BUSINESS cards printed $1: 25 visiting
cards, 25c. HILL. 724% Market st
615 LA I: KIN ST.— nranch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
______ ______
< lIIIDItrN ItiiMtlHD
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best of care
and training. Address W. A. V., box 6i2,
San Rafael.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; rood
home. Box 611, '"all.
\V ANTE I '-Child to board: best of care; terms
MIS— sjslllt 1034 McAllister.
HOARDING AND ROOMS
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board. $35.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per. week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 293 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
M VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board; terms -rate.
STORES TO LET.
TO LET— Stores and lodging houses of the
Lincoln School property, southeast corner
Market and Fifth sts. A. J. RICH 4 CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 112 Montgomery st.
STORE and rooms for grocery or bakery; fix-
tures. Corner Page an Lagur.a sts.
TO let— Shop and stable. S!4l'4 Sixteenth St.,
' near Dolores. • y
STORE and 6 rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store: cheap. Cor. Twenty-
seventh and Alabama.
"offices TO let.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— For office and resi-
dence; S rooms; very choice; investigate.
: BAT-WINDOW suites. 2, * rooms, nicely. fur-
nished: suitable 'flees; reasonable. 321 Kills.
21S BANSOME st . now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASHTON: 411 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
lIEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining' engineering, sur-
! veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; 20 teach-
ers day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed..
AYREB' Business College, 325 Montgomery st.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per" week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, mlii-
ing, mech., survey, assay, archit. . day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN.'933 Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English woman offers 'to
teach French and music in exchange for a
home with a family: highest references. 1206
Polk st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. EOc an hour:
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st. ■
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night: $3 mo. ir.o4 Market, op. Bth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type i
writing; terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar^
ket St.: 124 positions in '9fi: 103 In '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER. teacher mardo'.inT
guitar and banjo. 935 Market St.. off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris gradual French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. lrta Taylor st.
MISS GAMBLES dancing school: adults' class
Saturdays 8 P. M. -317 Devtsadero st.
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons:
*rt 'month. Mary Werthmm. :» Fifth *t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. jr.. $B. $7, $i. $:).
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ;no chalge f^r cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Kteinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
| 26. 2S and 30 O'FariX'U st. Piano*, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
! grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
I est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
RE lui:;^ I ; SIM) it will pay you to
Why? Because ws buy only lr.
carl, ad lot for everj thing and
1 c ad viin i •-
RTAZ £ SON. 11
■
CONOVER. slightly -.—\. $350.
Ptfinway. slightly u?-.-d. $17."..
Chlckerlng. second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest i>rlces. rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
I'IANOR at cut prices*" Improve the opportu-
nity: apency famous Haines Bros.. Bush *:
Gerts and Herman \VM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. i.. Bancroft & Co.. 321 Post.
KEKFFE'S, 1021 Van Ness aye.. 3 fine up-
rights, little used, sacrificed; Schubert.
Stein way and Decker Bros.
DECKER a- BON pianos Rre always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mau'vals Music
Co., 7fi3 Market St.
POHMER& Co... Byron Matizy. Newby. Evans,
Brirßs and other pianos: fob our rent plan:
no Interest first year. 30S. 310. 812 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S wile— Must sell pianos nt
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON KSTATE. 73." Market st.
A fin.- piano sacrificed for cash: see It this
morning, an the first culler will surely take
It. Room II Flood building.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— t'-O: fine lartre upright: sacrificed for cash.
13S1 Folsom st., corr.er Tenth.
140 piano; splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice. 1131Va Mission at.
BARGAIN— Nice uprlrht cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister st . near Hlbernla Bank.
HORVUNG'R new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
KINGSBI'RY (1W model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHf.RH & CHAPF. 30 O'Fnrrell st.
JTEAS; \
TEAS,
JO. 15. SO, 85, 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10. 15, 20. 25. Jo. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
in. IS, 20. -". 40 per can.
running 100 storks ENABLES us TO
SELL very cheap,
WE give free
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD watches.
BICYCLEB.
MtTSIC BOXES.
air" RIFLES. '
GREAT american impor/ting tea co.
Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Pale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g., js-
flooring, $10; pine. $6; May District track
buildings.
OPAL and cluster diamond rlnjr: price $35;
worth $70. UNCLE HARRIS. i:. Grant aye.
ST. BERNARP and black French poodle pups,
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
Inn out kennel*. 406 Frederick st.
FRESH milch cow and calf; also 2-wheeled
cart. 935 Elizabeth st.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
Al PETOQRKE Irish Fettors; hnrd-timo prices,
(ilenniore h'.T.nels. 20<l Linden Ht.. Oukland.
GAS etoves tor heating, one-half price; l and
2 bowl barber washstanda, cheap. HUF-
SCIIMIDT. fi23 Golden Gate aye.
STKKF.T roller. 2:«\2 feet, as BOOd as new.
Boat $*<■ will ».>U f. r $.W. 11l Van Ness aye
BOME new niwl second-hand Sterling wheels;
bantnlns. NJrIMI.S & CO , 404 Battery st.
BAFBB |:;iri?ains in new and seomd-hand: all
slzok; hnlf original enst. IM-111 Market, B. F
QRAPMOPHONES. HO: Records, $:. per doa.:
Projectoscope. 1100. Baclyalupl. 333-346 Mrkt.
BOILERS, engines. M hand machinery. Mc-
rWTOBH i V,"!.I'MAN, 137 Beale st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer Becond-hano
building material. 1112-36 Mission t.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, n'owcasps, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
ofn>e furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. .T. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, cm— ■ counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engine", boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, 'to. (SMITH CO.. 627 Mission st.
PERSONALS.
HENRY— Please call at bakery corner La-
Kuna st. ■ '
DR. CONDOR Y"S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
ICO capsules *10, 1000 capsules $90. Add!
. . . DR. V. CONDORY.
989 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A Hall, on January 26. ISOS. Miss
M. De Client, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, ana MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor. - /
ALASKA— We w sh to Inform Intending Klon-
dikers that we have the largest and most
complete stock of Arctic fur clothing and na-
tive boot?, made by the Esquimaux oi the
Arctic Circle. STABENS & FRIEDMAN. 257-
259 Pacific st.
ONLY the best of expert artists employed here;
fine work for 25c; .good switches, SI: finest,
best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $5;
open Sundays from 9 to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
RER, 111 Stockton st.
BIG outdoor stereoDticon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth: artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
Jsc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $5 per week:
tree bUB and baggage to and from the ferry.
NEW method; maspago and electric treatments
for nervousness, general debility, etc.; hours
10 to 0. MilS. JOHNSON, 514% Geary st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths: R«"iu:ne massage: Swedish movement;
la> lies, gents. 906 Market, room 25, Id floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. Walter
N*. BRTNT. MS Clay St.. S. F.
FIRST-CLABS business cards, cheap. West
Coast Publishing Co., 14 McAllister, room 20.
FRENCH cooking lessons; MRS. M. ERIKSON,
714 Leavenworth; Wd., 3-6; Sat., 3-5: Tu., 8-10
El* IT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. HIT. Market ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
QI'INONIA hair tonic; /a preparation unsur-
passed; We. G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st.
114— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAUB A CO.. tailors, 115 Kenrny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH office of The Call, 167 Ninth at.—
Want nds and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents- The Weekly
Pall, in wrapper, '■ •■ mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN'— EIegant, stylish dresses.
»: ur: dresse? marl» over fi Fddv st . rm <t.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or, burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m ; perfect
satisfaction Runranteed fey mail. S*>nd stamp
for. circular with special terms, MRS. DR. F.
"LARK, rms 25 & 2<i, 12<i6 Market, opp. Cth.
MMX PORTER, wi nderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sii;ht:
diagnosis disease, full life readinsr; la.. Mr;
p-ntii tl; palm. & clairv. : sit. *1 :.0. 12<". Turk.
plan ■ • r on !f!a:i I
s.xth. room fi.
JUST arrived from New York City, medium
ami oard reader; present, pa«t futun
ra 2.
ARRIVED HME. DAVIS, remari
medium; :
Pan II st.
MME BTBILLE, cradle to i.rave; future hu.-«-
band'a r'l •turt- I :-i4 O'Farrell «t.
Mis- PEARL HARRISON
magnetic I . and 3.
MIPS MEL VINA SLATER isinesa
matt Faction i ti teed, 797 Mission.
MME SODAN, Scotch seer^ps. c.ird-reader and
palmist. CI9 Eddy. Ito « 1
RAY FAIR — Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. OS' Post st,. room 2.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
• l Taylor st . room 3.
MIPS MIRANDA, in ■■• reader, electro mag-
netic treatments. 1122 Market st.. room 31.
MME. WOODS, mind reaoer. card reader, mag-
netic charms. 207 Post St., room 8.
MMX MORE ATT. test medium, clairvoyant.
ctrd ren>r: 2Sc up. /3 Fourth St. upstairs.
Mi ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12s Seventh I II »r.
MME MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
at ii'» 4 Mission si
LOLA M STEVENS. rnrd-r<v.dlne and
treatin-nt. 22' Mason, suit. 1-2.
MMX. \Mliv medium, r and mait-
h.-a!.'>-; .1-irniß 122 i" -1 -t . r-mm in
MME ZINELLA, the huirtiw a and
Inter. Ito..in IS IVe.
MME LINDEN, return< r and mag-
net ist; chai .:is. 12'". Fourth, mom 23.
MANDENA, medium and palmist: read-
lnßH Llsfactlon par'td. 28 6th.
m:ss MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water render. *21S Mission >•• . opp. Mint.
MMi: RAVENA r.-ads life fluently: buslnen
adrlce; names Riven: Ko up. E Fourth «'t.
MME. HANSEN. palmist. ard-writer; past,
present and future; 26c 14S Sixth, room 5.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 1234 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS^- TMrstTTiTher pro-
»«iiion: never fails: advice: help, .929 Post.
SPHI TIALISM.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Hal*ht st.
MRS. HOSKJXR. spiritual medium, circle
Tues.. 8 p. m...23c; readings, (I. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
mes«»e»s iin-l nr!vt<-» fIU St »k*< I -t
DENTISTS.
L. A- TEAGUE. A. Cane and F. Tea«ii< re-
moved to Call building, fith floor, rms. 603-607.
FTTLL set of teeth. $3; painless extraction: see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
aril bridge work our specialty: teeth im-
planted or transplanted: fillings We, crowns
$3M): nil work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $"i up; silver
filling*.- 2.V up: gold crowns. $3 B0 up: your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 633.
DR. LUDLUM TUT, I., 1443 Market, nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $3
per set; extracting 50c; gas srl »n. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, r". . . -ek dent-
l*t, discoverer of painless ejrtl ■ i and
patentee of Improved bridge wort teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to :.• v ; ■ rell.
NEW York dentist* Plates $3 up; silver ,l!l-
ings. L..c up; gold fillings, 7 .c up; plates
mended. $1 up: painless extraction, r.Oc: all
work warranted. 969 Mission, PE. cor. 6th.
$S— FULL set of teeth; best make; kept in
repair; extracting. free: fillings. Me: crowns,
$3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st.
W. C. HARDING. M. D., 800 Butter st.. cor.
Powell; tel. Main C 375: painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
COLTON r>?ntnl k«s*w»«t«nn. KOS Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
Kl7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tl"ns wnd want ads taken.
Lost.
LOST— Black enameled ladles' .watch and chat-
»-laln; presumably on Killmore st Return
against suitable reward to 2307 Broadway,
near Fillmore.
LOST— Chamois bag, containing reviving
locket, breastpin. 3 rings, 2 pair earrings (1
black topaz, other rhinestone). 1 Mexican
. dollar, gold key and steel thimble: all me-
mentos. Finder leave at this office and re-
ceive $10 reward.
LOST— Llewellyn setter, l year o'd. Return to
2021 California St., receive reward.
LOST— A email link chain bracelet; gold. Re-
turn l"t>2A Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST— Monday. ladles' opal ring; reward.
Return to 2905 Sixteenth St.
LOBI A pass-book with the Htbernia Savings
and L.'.in 5...-i«'tv of San Francisco; Na 1!<2,-
706. The finder will please return to bank.
A p«*' < -t'<">k with tIM Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EPWARP H. QEIB. N>. 204.658.
The finder will please return to bank.
BRINO old itold and stiver to me and icet cash
for it rNVI.F. HARRIS. U tirftnt aye.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$700 CASH, balance In monthly installments,
will buy the most attractive home built this
year; Twenty-flfth st.. near Church: lot 25:11
xll4; nicely arranged 2-story residence of S
rooms, bath, etc.; best plumbing: handsomely
decorated walls; no expense has been spared;
the house must b« seen to be appreciated,
Baldwin & iimvEix. to Montsonittrj
ST< '1' paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Kemember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
■ groat struggle.
Tn. • cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty if closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciated; $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission et.. to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:"0 p. m. ; take Mission-st. cars to Cortland ay.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, basement: lot 30x-19: on
Church St., one block from cars; $12« V).
GEORGE PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market.
CHOICE business property; northwest corner
Mission and Spear ste. : 4. r .:lilxn7:fi; must be
disposed of. Apply H. SCHWERIN. 546 Clay.
ON Lyon st.. between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye.. a new, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed, and laundry.
1650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call GDO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
HOUSE. 5 rooms: barn, 2 cows and chicken-
house. 745 Minnesota St.. near Twentieth.
4-RM. cottage and lot, tir.O": 1 block from Mis-
sion cars: $18 monthly. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY itEAL ESTATE.
10-ACRE fruit ranch In full bearing; near
Santa Rosa; 4-room house, barn: will ex-
change for city property. Address box 588,
Call.
20 ACRES prunes: Pant a Clara Valley; near
station: none better; terms easy; good bar-
gain. J. T. DUNN. 100S Claus Spreckels bldg.
FOR sale— Small orchard near Antloch; trees
4 and r> years old: house, barn, chleken-
hi.uses, etc.; bargain: owner going East: one-
third cash: balance 1 and 2 years. W. M.
M, 1346 Market st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms; modern; yard ISO by 200
f'-.n: greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard; also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at this office.
$1l c "> BUYS a 4-room corner frame house tn
Santa Maria. Cal., with 3 connected lots. 75
X 164 feet: flower garden, frutt trees and good
barn; will trade for city lodging-house or
chicken ranch. Inquire R. BENJAMIN. 11l
Ellis Ft., city.
ANY une wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 70S. Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the beat-
knnwn ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PEPvCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of chenp land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes clou* to town: Improved: easy
term*; also 4 to 1? acre r>l<*ees on 8 and 10
years' credit. T>. H. TWINO. Sonoma City:
»Tfrr Monrtnv at JB3 Market St.. 8. I*.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY ami'iint at 6*4 per cent on real estate: ?d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate in probate, life insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval; mortgage? and 1-gßcles bought; no de-
lay. T: McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no <*>mmlßsions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, I<M7 to 10C3 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLT respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market Ft.: tel. Green JO4.
WE loan on real estate «t 6 and fi 1 * per cent:
also on second mortgages; life Insurance and
real estate in probate; any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mill? building.
ON furniture and piano* without removal: no
com.mlMlon; lowest interest: part payments
• ed: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market ?>t.. r.mm 68.
<;■> to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth >=t.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red U2l ; established ISC9.
ON furniture, .pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates, no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONF.I.LI, 461 Ocary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission: low
rates: private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hail Square.
ANY sum on real estate and estates in pro-
l»:ite. HII.L A CO.. 14 McAllister, rm. 64.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. MS California st.
I m; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
MURPIIY. 62S Mkt st.
On pianos; furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. |M McAllister st.
, : ON lie insurance policies; low inter-
est. JOS B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and lewelry.
A WEEKS news for f, cents— The Weekly
Call. In Wrapper, for moiling.
M()\KV WANTED.
WANTF.P--A mortgage loan of $sr»no on first-
class brick c rner pronertv in Olvmpla.
Washington. Apply to R. O. OAKLEY, 11
M intiri.mery st.
FINANCIAL*
J. BO- • -ntgomery st— Loans on life
insurance policies anil buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, binds, etc.; lowest
rat«w. MoAFKF. BROS.. Ins Monteomerv ->t.
MEDICAL.
AT.L monthly irregularities or other conditions
from Whatever caste restored at once; safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
irii privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere:
regulating pills and capsules. $1. MRS. DR.
WTETH, 918 Post st.. near Ijirkln.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per. box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us.
A I'ROfKPS that never falls to restore every
cape of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in fetv BOOM when medicines and others
hay™ Cailea; no instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
Vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St.. over Owl Druirstore.
ST RE cur*. wh°n others fail, no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what i-ajrf: restore in 1 day: never fails: con-
sultation free: can be sent and used at home.
PR. POPPER, 31S Kearny. Orders by tele.
A LOON to wlv->s and mothers— Seguro; prlo°
Jl 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
|c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. r>3l X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
DRS.GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
6afe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home: b*st care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Sehuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
fettM 1 ti"'>. V'es: no danger: safe, cur- $2 SO;
express- C. O. D. ; don't delay until f>o lute.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
RKMi )VED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 4W Geary St.. now
\VH Market; ftmale complaints and diseases
of the eye permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mail: Inclose stamp.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble: Irregularities restcred without fail;
l.iw fees; specific female pills, $1 50. DR.
SMITH. 150S Market st. : 1 to 4, T to 8 p. m.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women
MRS. PR. FUNKE, 14ifi Bth st.. Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
ttkln or private diseases. 8 Mason st.. S. F.
LADIES— Mrs. Pr. Puetz ; Infallible sate reme-
dies. 2.".4 Fourth Pt.
STERILITY cuied by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife, I?'i9 I'owell st. : t ->l. rod M4l.
PARIS MATKRNITY. «0? Bust st.; conflne-
ment nt home. 10 iiays. t2n. Tel. Green ,*>Sl.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CBRTXFICATa OF COPARTNERSHIP- Jfol
tie* Is hereby given that A. W SCOTT
JOSEPH MAGNER and A. W. SCOTT JR*
have this day formed a copartnership under
the flrm name and style of S^O^T & M \O-
NER. All three of sntd parties are resi-
dents of the city and county of San Fran-
cisoo. State of California. Said partnersMo
is formed to carry on a general hay. trrain
and commission business in nald cltv and
county and elsewhere. Dated the 23d day
of, December, 1837.
A. W. SCOTT.
JOSEPH MAGXER
A. \V. SrOTT JR.
viuii.u.i;.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, piano*,
household goods; clean, light compartmenta;
advance* made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 10»
Ml—lon «t.. above Sixth; open evening*.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, piano* : ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MODERN residence, 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.; near Grove St.: lot 60x160:
plumbing nickel plated; electric wiring:
street work complete; price $3500: terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland. . • :i>
ALAMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United States
: or Canada one year for $1 50. postace free.
PROPERTY TO FXCiiANG;.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TURTON,
1209 Broadway, Oakland.
11400— EQUITY 6-room cottage and lot for
acreage or good business. 90S Eagle aye.,
Alameda.
37 ROOMS: city corner; house full. 472 Eighth
St.. Oakland.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free — Private law matters: moderate
feeß. ATTORNEY McCABE, 103 Larkin st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 9:7 Market st.
! UT NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call: sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
\ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES —DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They mast ba
I handed in at either of the publication offices'
| and be indorsed with the name and residence
j of persons authorized to have the same pub-
] lished.
BORN.
JONES— In this city. January 15. 1593. to the
wife of Robert J. Jones, a son.
i LEVY— In this city January 15, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph Levy, a son. ,
DIED.
i Boylan, Margaret Pazinl, Robert J.
j Barber, Arthur B. Quigley, Katie
Currey, Montgomery Sanders, Henry
Grady, John ' Silva. Rena
Livingston, Agnes ' Tracey, Patrick
McDevitt, Philip Treder, Olga A.
: Mather, Annl» S. Taylor, Francis 8.
Mack, Francis J. Welsmann. Elizabeth
Moran, Frank Wall. Thomas H.
Wilke, Katharlna
BOYLAN— In ths city. January 14. IS9S. Mar-
garet, relict of Bernard Boylan. and beloved
Mother of Bernard. James, Maggie, Mary,
Julia and the late Matthew Boylan, a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, aged 60 years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8 Auburn street, off Jackson, be-
tween Mason and Taylor, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cerretey.
BARBEB-In Santa Barbara. Cal., January 15.
IS9S. Arthur Bevier, son of P. J. and Mary
J. Barber, ami brother of Mrs. R. M. Wood
and Mrs. W. J. Andrews of this city, aged 24
years and 3 months.
CURREY— In this city January 16. IS9S, Mont-
gomery S.. son of Judge John Currey, a na-
tive of New York, aged 31 years.
C?Notice of funeral hereafti r.
GRADY— In this city, January 16. 1898. John,
beloved son of James Grady, and husband of
Mary Grady. a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years. (New York papers please copy).
tCyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
LIVINGSTON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 16, 18S8, Agnes Livingston, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 33 years.
McDEVITT— In this city, January 15. IS9B,
Philip, beloved husband of Bridget McDevitt,
and brother of Mrs. Annie Conroy and Officer
Thomas Meehan. a native of Moville, County.
Donegal. Ireland, aged 50 years.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 Federal street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner of Fremont and Har-
rison streets, where a requiem mass will be
held for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
F.. of A. — To the officers and members of
j Court Aurora No. 2. F. of A.: You are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. McDevitt. from his late resi-
dence, 16 Federal street, this day (Mon-
day), at 8:30 o'clock. By order of
E. J. McDEVITT. Chief Ranger.
MATHER— In Binghamton, N. V., Annie Ses-
sions, wife of Mason W. Mather, a native of
New York,
(reinterment at Binghamton.
MACK— In this city, January 16. 1898, Francis
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of Helen
and the late David Mack, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years.
MORAN— In the City and County Hospital,
January 16, IS9S, Frank Moran, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 41 years.
PAZINI— this city, January 16. IS9S, Robert
J.. Infant son of Thomas John and Elizabeth
Pazinl. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 11 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 228 Sixth avenue. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
QUIGLEY— In this city January 16. 1898, Ka-
tie Qulgley, beloved sister of Mrs. John Glb-
lln, and niece of Bridget Ouigley. a native of
the parish of Culdaff, County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 26 years.
SANDERS— In this city. January 16, 1898.
Henry Sanders, beloved father of Mrs.
Adolph Blalch. and grandfather of Fred,
Adolph and Albert Blalch, a native of Au-
rich. Ostfriesland. Germany, aged 66 years 2
months and 16 days. A member of Gerznanla
Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
C7"Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 19. at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1622 Larkin street, corner of Wash-
ington. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. , .
SILVA— In San Leandro. January 16. IS9B, Re-
na, daughter of M. G. and Julia Sllva, aged
13 years 3 months and 1" days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m. • •
TRACEY— this city, January 16, IS9B. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Tracey, a na-
tive of Boherbee, parish of Mullinahone,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 49 years.
(T!7'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his .late resi-
dence, 2907 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
1 Holy Cross Cemetery.
TREDER— In this city, January 15. UK, Olga
Amanda Treder, dearly beloved daughter of
Otto and Louise Deicke, and sister of Mrs.'
Oscar Venitisch, Mrs. Dr. O. Miel of Den-
ver and Henry and Arthur Treder, a native
of Oshkosh. Wls., aged 26 years 10 months
and 17 days.
C^Friendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 11l Capp street, near Six-
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In West Berkeley. January 16, 1898,
Francis S. Taylor, a native of Vermont, aged
55 years.
WEISMANN— Tn this city. January 16. 1898,
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the late
John Weismann. and mother of Edward
Weismann, Mrs. John Roos of South Dakota.
John Weismann Jr. of Wisconsin and Law-
rence Weismann of Alaska, a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years and 8 months.
Cy ßemains at the parlors of Gantner St
Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall square.
WALL— In this city. January IS. IS9B. Thomas
H.. beloved husband of Alice Wall, a native
of Ireland, aged 59 years. (Charlestown, Bos-
ton, papers please copy). . . .
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1906 Leavenworth street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
*oul. commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
WILKE— In this city, January 16. IS9S, Katha-
rina Wl'.ke, a native of Germany, aged 68
years. ■ ■
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, s **^^
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
Telephone.* South 80. ■ |
In. B. m'avoy. Manager. I
rvxefw/o^v <«= go., i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone. South 247. -'I
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Busb Street and Centra!
Avenue. Sao Francisco.
1112
MUST THE
MEN PAY
HER COURT?
Rumor Hints What a
Beau Must Do to
Keep Afloat.
Some New Developments
in the Salisbury-Wells
Case.
Gossip Has a Merry Time
Apropos -of the Latest
Scandal
WHO BOUGHT A BELLEDOM?
A Pair of Sleiprhbells Lost and ■
Pair of Sleighbells
Found.
And still the merry social war con
tinues the tumultuous tenor of its way.
leaving no gory trail to mark a course
strewn with spicy hits of gossip, point
ers for the uninitiated, authenticated
tales from the "Inside" and pointed
aphorisms born of the occasion and the
hour.
Mr. Wells 'Imps not into poetry, hut
sententious phrases and says: "He
-who runs society for his own personal
benefit, who consider? BOCiety an asset
purely personal with him, makes a big
mistake."
Mrs. Salisbury, the leading lady in
this social farce, evidently considers
her role- a strong thinking part, for she
pays nothing at all. maintaining the
same dignity that has always hereto
fore characterized her, and treating the
entire tale <>f commercial belledom with
highbred silent contempt.
Dame Gossip naturally has taken a
hand in the game and drawn the beau
as well as the belle into the conflict.
With a more than usual justice she ac
credits the "full grown man" with some
backbone, but unmercifully grills the
I . harmless, necessary dancing
brownie.
Says the worthy unreliable dame:
"i/trs. Salisbury insists that all her
men — the men who lead and dance at
her cotillons, pay court to her. She
is at home on Sundays and there they
are aU expected to call. A big proces
sion of men is imposing'; it looks as if
her daughters were admired to within
an inch of their lives. Woe betide the
poor little dancer who fails to make
his wt-ekly call. Arui they go. Every
one of them. Have to. They are ac
tually afraid not to.
"With the full grown men it is quite
different. They belong to ■ the Fort
nightly for Ihe very same reason that
the brownie pays his weekly duty call
but they draw the line at paying court
to the Czarina.
"Further."' says interesting but un
trustworthy gossip, "motherless belles
were a great source of revenue. Doting
fathers with plethoric purses readily
saw the necessity of a reliable social
guide of unquestioned Hrth and breed
ing, and they paid handsomely for the
same." We could, if we would, but
either they can't <>r they won't, for
they stop provokingly short right in the
most exciting part.
Then there is a story of sleighbells.
mixed up in it. although to the un
initiated it is not (juite clear what
pleiphbells have to do with dancing
S. But the tale comes from Mr.
Greenway and some how or other it
does not seem quite proper to have a
social story in which Mr. Greenway's
name does not appear. Thus runs the
fable — it must be a fable, for it is sup
posed to have a moral:
Once upon a time Mr. Greenway, at
a gr<=at personal expense, imported from
Baltimore, the worthy home of the suc
ulent bivalve, a pair of sleigh bells.
These same Imported beils were used
at a Christmas cotillon and then, like
the Jewels of a farewell tour diva, were
reported missing. Sleuths were put
upon the track, but the bells left no
telltale tinkle behind them. Time sped
on and Mr. Herrin gave a cotillon.
Handsome Kate Salisbury led and one
of the most taking features was the
Fleighbell figure. The refit of the fable
Is wrapt in mystery, and the moral
hard to df^corn. However It concludes
■with a vulcrar refrain: "Where did you
get those sk-ighbflls?"
And while the unconcerned are enjoy
ing themselves so thoroughly Mr.
Wells, who unintentionally let loose the
dogs of war, Is overwhelmed with a
great pity for the unfortunate organizer
Of the Fortnightly.
"Phe 1p a good mother," he says. "Re
cently her actions have been peculiar,
hut I fear she is not responsible for
•what she pays or does."
LA ESTRELLA'S OFFICERS.
The Parlor of the Queen of the
Jubilee Installs Its Officers
for the Term.
Last Saturday night the officers of La
Kstrella Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, of which Miss Minnie
Klevesahl. who has been chosen Queen
of the Golden Jubilee is a member, were
Installed by Dr. Mary Page Campbell,
D. D. G. P., last Saturday night in the
parlor's hall, which was very tastefully
decorated with flowers, garlands, flags
and banners. After th<- installation, which
■was public and witnessed by a great num
ber of the friends of the parlor, there
was a presentation by Mrs. L. Barblsh
on behn.lf of the friends of the retiring
president. Miss Helen Kruse, of a very
fine cherry woori writing desk, and then
the retiring past president, Mrs. Barbish.
was made th>- recipient of a large basket
of carnations.
This was followed by a short pro
gramme which Included vocal duets by
Agatha ami Anna Totter; recitations by
Miss -Frank Hucklln and Mrs. Perry;
piano solo. Miss Flora Guenther; vocal
polo, "William Fenstermacher; a remark
able performance on the piano by a 4
year-oid prirl named Cecil C'owles, who
played pan of several melodies in per
fect time, and then a vocal solo by Miss
Alice Shanabrook. The rommlttfi' "on en
tertainment of which Mrs. Lucy Barbish,
Miss Bird!" Hartir.an. Mrs. L. Gale and
Miss Fenstennaeher were the members
servi d tho invited sruests and members
with ice cream, coffee and cakes, after
which there v.as dancing until midnight.
Fine writing papers, envelopes, tablets,
papcteries, inks and good printing at San
born & Will's. •
St. Joseph's Benevolent Society,
St. Joseph's Benevolent Society has
elected tho following officers for the cur
rent term: William Muraskoy. president;
M. O'Brien, vice-president; H. B. Mc-
Evoy, treasurer: George McGinn, finan
cial secretary: M. Dolan, recording secre
tary; j. L. Hahoney, physician; N.
Wynne, M. Gonzales, T. Donovan and P.
O'Riley, councilors.
Coughs and colds cured, Low's Hore
hound Couyh Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome st*
READY FOR THE JUBILEE.
Artists and Mechanics Putting the Finishing Touches to the Floats
That Will Grace the Parade.
A GRAND STREET PAGEANT IS PROMISED.
Arrangements for the Jubilee celebra
tion are completed, and the committee
in charge is praying for fine weather.
W. L. Honnold of San Andreas, who
has charge of the Utica Band of Cala
veras County, has notified the commit
tee of the intention of that band to
participate in the Jubilee festivities
during the week. The band will be as
signed to lead the California State Min
ers' Division.
Colonel James F. Smith, chief of
Grand Marshal Morse's staff, was en
gaged all day yesterday in preparing
the details of the parade. He estimates
that at least 16.000 or 17,000 men will
be in line, which will make the dem
onstration one of the greatest ever held
In this city.
The parade committee has extended
an invitation to Brigadier General Mul
ler. commanding the Third Brigade,
with headquarters at Fresno, asking
him and his staff to command the pa
rade. In addition to this command, it
is probable that the companies, com
prising the Fifth Infantry Regiment, N\
1 ;. < ' located in Santa Rosa, Petaluma.
Xiipa, Oakland and Alameda,' will also
participate.
Work on the floats ordered by the
Jubilee committee is progressing favor
ably. They have been inspected daily
by members of the committee, who are
satisfied that the eras they are intend
ed to commemorate will receive a fit
ting representation.
Thus far Ignazio de Costa Duarte,
consulate of Portugal; J. M. Tinoco,
consulate of Costa Rica; Jose Costa,
BURGLARS KEEP
THINGS GOING
Residences in the Outly
ing Districts En
tered.
Joseph T. Cooney's on Ninth
Avenue Thoroughly
Ransacked.
Two Men Were Seen to Leave, Each
Carrying a Telescope- Basket
Packed Full.
Daylight burglars are doing a thriv
ing business la the outlying districts
of the city, and notwithstanding the
efforts of the police they have bo far
succeeded in escaping detection.
One of the worst cases reported was
at the residence of Joseph T. Cooney.
on Xinth avenue, between Fulton and
C streets. Mrs. Cooney and her sister
have been In the habit on fine days of
spending an hour or two In the after
noons in Golden Gate Park. Last
Thursday afternoon, about 2 o'clock,
they left the house for the park and re
turned in about an hour and a half.
When they entered the house they
saw at once that burglars had been
! there during their absence. Every
room in the house had been visited and
' thoroughly ransacked. In the bed
rooms bureau drawers had been emp
i tied of their contents and what was npt
! taken away was left strewn along the
j floors. The beds had even been
searched] for money supposed to be hid
den there.
The sideboard In the dining-room was
almost completely emptied, only a few
of the larger articles of silverware be
ing left behind. Several valuable or
naments were taken from the parlor,
in fact there was not a room that was
not partly relieved of its contents.
Among: the most valuable articles
stolen, besides the silverware, were a
sealskin sacque, valued at $200; two
sealskin capes, several silk dresses and
a gold watch and chain and other arti
clc-s of jewelry.
Mm. Cooney at once telephoned to
h>r husband, who is chief copyist in the
Recorder's office, notifying him of the
burglary, and he immediately hurried
to police headquarters and laid the
facts before Captain Bohen. Detective
Harry Reynolds was detailed on the
case and promptly commenced an in
vestigation.
It was ascertained from some of the
THE SAN FRAXOTSCO CAM,, MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1898.
consul of Uruguay: Adolph Canal, con
sul irf Columbia and Venezuela, have
accepted the invitation of the Jubilee
committee to participate in the parade.
Filipe de Castro, consul of Spain;
George E. Hall. Turkish consul gen
eral, and Antotne Borel, consul of
Switzerland, will he unable to take
part, owing to official duty and ab
sence from the city.
John F. FMnkham. marshal of the di
vision of the Society of California Pi
oneers in the parade, has appointed the
following six gentlemen to art as his
aids on January 24: E. I?. Vreeland. Ed
ward McGary, Hart Bouton, R. R.
Russ, Charles O'Callaghan and W. ( I
Maedougal.
The Jubilee committee of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West met
yesterday at X. S. Q. W. Hall, and de*
elded on a float for the feature of their
section of the parade. Artists will
commence Its construction this morn
ing. The float will represent the ad
mission of the Golden State into- the
Union. It will be attended in the pa
rade by about twenty young ladies of
the order on horseback.
On the day following the parade the
Native Sons and Native Daughters will
have charge of the celebration, and it
was decided to Invite the Pioneers,
Veteran Firemen and the Exempt Fire
men to be the special cr'i^sts of the Na
tive Daughters on that day.
The Celtic Union, at a meeting yes
terday, appointed P. Tamony to act as
marshal of the Celtic division of the
parade. The Ancient Order of Hiber
neighbors that two men were seen leav
ing the house, each carying a t<le-
Bcope I.ask. t. Each wore an overcoat.
th«* pockets being observed to buirro out.
A description of the two men w.
tamed and it is expected that they will
soon be in the clutch's of the DoUce,
as they are known to be ox-ennv'-ts.
It is supposed that the burtr'ars had
become aware of the fact that Mrs.
Cooney and her sist'-r went to the park
on fine afternoons and they had made
their arrangements accordingly, as was
shown by the presence of the tel
basket.
San Francisco Lodge.
C. W. Mnulthrop. D. D. G. M.. on last
Friday night installed the following offi
cers of San Francisco Lodge, I. O. O. F.-
George Walcom Jr.. P. G.; A. F. Jen
nings, N. G.; R. H. \\>flemeypr, v. c, .;
A. Jacobi, R. S. ; F. W. Warren, F. S. ;
CELEBRATED HIS FIRST MASS
Hundreds of people eager to attend the first mass of the Rev. T. J
O'Connell, the young priest who was ordained last Friday at St Mary's
Cathedral, were turned away from the door of old St Mary's Church nn
California street yesterday morning, unable to gain entrance Into the build
ing:. Those who were fortunate enough to come early procured seats In
the galleries and downstairs wherever there was an unrserved or empty
seat, and when these were a;i taken Urn surging crowd forced Its way down
the aisles almost to the steps leading to the sanctuary.
Just before the ceremony of mass began It whs found nnrossnry to turn
the people away by force, and one of the Paullst pr Isted by a
number of police officers, vainly endeavored to persuade 'th« -people who
were trying to force their way Into the center aisle thai there was no
more accommodation, and that it would h<- better to attend mass at one
of the near-by churches. This they refused to do, and the priest compelled
them to accept the alternative, and forced tho crowds from the main vesti
bule, shutting and bolting the doors of the church. Those in the church
prop< r were allowed to remain.
During mass Father D'ConneD was assisted by the Rev J F Rvrne
who acted as deacon to the new priest, Father J. P. MeQuade as sub-dea
con, and the Rev. John C. Oottle as master of ceremonies. Father M. Con
nelly performed the office of assistant priest,
The Rev. Peter C. York.- delivered an eloquent sermon on the subject
of "The Priesthood of To-day,"' tracing Its growth from Its Institution
down to the present generation, and upholding the noble sacrifice of its
members in consecrating their lives to Almighty Ood and performing Ills
holy mission by preaching His word and spreading His gospel from one end
of th<' earth to Its opposite confines.
He traced the priest of to-day bark to the night before Christ laid down
his life to wash away the curse of mankind, when the Saviour of the
world, surrounded by his Apostles, preached his mission before them In
structing them to go forth in the world and preach His word to. all man
kind.
In conclusion he paid a touching tribute to the noble career of Father
O'Connell, telling of the time when in early boyhood he knelt at the same
altar and beneath the same cross where he now stood to offer up his first
mass and consecrate his life to the glory and honor of God.
Specially for the occasion and in honor of the young priest's first mass
the l'anlist fathers made every effort to make it a m.-morahle event in his
life Haydn's glorious war mass was arranged and sung by a specially aug
mented choir of thirty voice*,
In addition to the organ, the singing was accompanied by Instrumental
music. The services of Eugene B. Sc-hmltz. the music v director of the
Columbia TSeater, and an accomplished violinist,- were procured for the
occasion, as were also a number of other musicians.
The altars were beautifully decorated with ferns and bouquets of rare
and beautiful flowers furnished by members of the Ladies' Aid Society, and
expressly for the occasion.
At the conclusion of the mass the young priest, after repairing to the
sacristy and divesting himself of his vestments, returned to the sanctuary
and offered up his blessing to God for the hundreds who knelt to receive It.
Among the notable priests who attended vesterday'a mass were the Rev.
Fathers Riordan and Shallo of th<> Banta Clara College.
nians will be given the right of line,
and the other Celtic orders will take
their places in the division, ranking ac
cording to the dates o-f thoir organiza
tion.
Each of the Tri3h societies compris
ing the Celtic Union has appointed the
following aids to Grand Marshal Morse
in the Jubilee parade: Knights <>f St.
Patrick. J. J. Barrett. I. .T. I'unne;
County Leitrim Club. P. J. O'Rielly, P.
M. McOashln; St. Patrick's M. A. of
CaL, P. 11. Flynn, P. J. Silk; Division
No. I", a. O. H.. J. H. Dolan, J. P.
O'Connell; Knights of Tara, John
Burns, Martin Walsh; Tyrone, Fer
managh and Donegal; J. H. Devany,
James Sample; Kniphts of Red Branch,
Th<>mas Lyons, James Conniffe; Unity
Alliance, P. D. Mullaney, P. "Walsh;
Division No. 2. A. <>. H.. Bartley Lee,
J. J. Meehan; Divisl n No. 9. A. O. H..
P. Flanagan, r land; County
Monaghan Social Cluh, Arthur M«^-
Quade, j. j. Cbnn< liy: naeiic Literary
Society, J. M. kfcLoaghlln, James
B. Haggerty; Harmony Alliance
No. 15, John Ganey, J. J. Punn;
Pacific Alll i • No. 12, W. J. Hayes,
.'. F. McDonald.
A meeting of marshals of the divi
sions and aids will be held in Marble
Hall of the i'.ilace Hotel on Wednes
day ni^ht at 8 o'clock. This meeting
will be one of the most important in
connection with the Jubilee celebra
tion, for the ar-angements of the line
will be mad.> on that night, and the as
signment of aids to the various divi
sions will also be made.
'wards. T.; F. I.afalx. W.: EL Lil
i^ntbal. C; James Terkeison. R. S. to
N. «;.: E. Dusenberry, L. P. to X. O.; J.
Handolph. Jl. S. to V. Q.; Joseph M
Locks, L. B. to V, <;.: J. H. Simpson,
chaplain; F. M. Hugoman. I. G. This
]."ige at its n«xt me. ting will work in
the initiat'!'
Vcrcln Oesterrelch.
The Verein Oesterreieh at Its meeting held
in Austrian Hall last week elected the fol
lowing of fleers to verve for the ensuing term:
E. Ijxmberg. president; T. Lechner. vice-presi
dent; T. "Weldleln. recording secretary; H.
Kifnni?.-r. financial secretary: T. Konig. treas
urer: R. Th?uer. librarian: T. Kukar. a.
wlnkler and T. Redley. trustees; Dr. T. Sob
oslny. physician.
The Verein. organised six years ago. the only
specific German society of the local Austro-
Hunparian Association, ha* a membership of
fifty-five, a bank account of $3500 and pays to
Its members $10 a week in case of illness and
furnishf-s a physician free. The Verein Is about
to incorporate.
ROBBED BY
TWO CLEVER
SCHEMERS
"Flimflammed" Out
of a $6 Gold
Piece.
Mrs. Becker, Who Con
ducts a Notion Store,
the Innocent Victim.
Arrest of William McDowell, a
Suspected Burglar, on Mar
ket Street.
STOLEN JEWELRY ON HIM.
Detectives Ryan and O'Dsa Make
Two Important Cap
tures.
Mrs. Becker, who conducts a notion
store at 704 McAllister street, was
"fllmflammed" out of $5 by two well
dressed men last Friday afternoon.
Mrs. Becker was alone in the store
when the sharpers entered. They pur
chased 10 cents' worth of candy, claim
ing that it was for a sick boy, who
lived in the neighborhood. They ten
dered her a $10 gold piece, and as she
handed them a $5 gold piece and the
balance of the change in silver they
asked her if she could not give them
all silver. She readily did so, and,
placing the $n gold piece in the cash
drawer, start* d to enter the rear room.
One of the sharpers called her back,
and after remarking that he did not
want to carry so much silver asked her
to let him have the gold piece. The
woman gave him the money, but in the
excitement forgot to ask him for its
equivalent in silver. It was not until
the sharpers had gone some time that
the innocent woman realized that she
had been robbed of V\ She at once
communicated the facts to the police,
and two detectives were Pent to make
an Investigation. From the description
given of the men the police are con
vinced that they are the individuals
Who have been working a similar game
in the Mission and Potrero,
Police officer McXamara of Captain
SpillaiK-'s division late Saturday night
arrested a man who gave his name as
William McDowell o n suspicion of hav
ing stolen a lady's gold watch and
chain and a valuable ring which was
found in his possession. He and a com
panion. wh(r was not arrested were
n Market street trying to dispose
of the jewelry to passersby.
McNamara's attention was called to
them, and convinced that they had
stolen the jewelry, he decided to arrest
them. As h<> approached the pair they
ited. one running down Market
street and the other in a westerly di
rection. McNamara followed the man
who had tried to sell the jewelry, and
after a short chase overtook him He
was then taken to the City Prison and
his name registered on the "small
book."
Yesterday the case was turned over
to Detective Dillon, who is anxiously
striving to find an owner for the prop
erty. ~ *
Thomas Kelly and George Hayes
atonal "wagon lifters," are locked
up in the tanks in th* City Prison
rhey were arrested yesterday hy De
tectlves Ryan and O'Dea. Last Satur
day the m en "lifted" four hams from
a wagon which was left standing on
Mission street near Third. They sold
the hams to a restaurant keeper^ from
whom they were recovered.
The same detectives have also ar
i a middle-aged man named
M rton on two charges of burg
lary. Almost a month ago Morton, it
imed, broke into a tool chest in a
'■.■irpenter sho™ at 127 Turk street and
stole a number of tools value.] at $56
k ago he made another raid or!
the place, petting away with about $75
worth of tools. Nearly all the stolen
property has been recovered by the de
tectives.
SALVATION HALL OPENED.
Major arjd Mrs. Robirjson Located
ooTurK Street. Where Sinners
Are Cordially iQvited.
Major and Mrs. Robinson have hoisted
the banner of salvation in the basement
at 24 Turk street. Here they will stretch
forth a helping hand to all erring women
who may wish to turn over a new leaf
and give up a life that brings shame and
disgrace to all who have taken that path
for a living.
Last night was the Initiatory of the
openinp of the now SaJvation Hall, but in
inence <>t the rain the attendance
was not as pood as might have been ex
pected had the eveninp been nne. But
this matters not much to the Major and
his .■nergetie wife, both of whom are de
termined to stay with the work they have
mapped out and heretofore so successful
ly conducted among a das! <>f unfortun
ates who have found to their sorrow the
doors «>f society closed against them
With the Major they are all welcome and
the doors of Mission Home has the latch
string on the outside at all hours of the
day and night. Here they are kept until
suitable places are found for them and
once they leave the home their records
are burned and their names are engraved
on the ledger of righteousness.
ELECTED NEW OFFICERS.
Unior) Printers' Mutual Aid So-
ciety Holds Its Semi-
Annual Meeting.
Thore was a large outpouring, of mem
bers at the Vnlon Printers' Mutual AM
Society's meeting in Shiels Hall yester
day, the occasion being the semt-annual
meeting and the election of officers for
the ensuing term.
After spirited balloting and amid much
enthusiasm, the following were elected to
hold office during the coming year: Pres
ident. J. S. Phillips of The (.'all; first vi.-.
pr. ~i.li -iu, J. Harlow of the Chronicle;
'< vice-president, James Newton of
'ill. recording secretary, a. j. p
Regaudiat <>f the Examiner; linancial sec
retary, John K. Winders of The Call;
treasurer, w. B. Benolst; marshal. L. I'
Ward; guardian, 1\ Mooney; board of
trustees, s. Trimble (chairman), Harry
Hammond (secretary), T. C. < 'arr George
H. Knell and C. B. ilawkes.
The reports <>f the vacating officers were
very encouraging and Bhowed that the or
ganization had a bank account of nearly
JSOOQ. Two applications fur membership
were received and they will doubtless be
elected members at the next motting.
The Russian photographers have a
strange way of punishing those who,
having r.i eived their photo, do not
pay their hills. They hang the pictures
of the delinquents upside down at the
entrance to their studio.
NEW TO-DAY.
OIF 1 ZFIIsTIE
Golden Gate Blankets!
On MONDAY, January 17th, and
following daus, we will place on
sale 35 CASES BEST QUALITY
WHITE and COLORED WOOL
BLANKETS that we have just pur-
chased from the Golden Gate Woolen
Manufacturing Company this city,
These Blankets are in all the different
sizes. Theu come in white from 66x80 inches
to 90x90 inches. The colored are from 5i
pounds to \o\ pounds in weight. Theu are all
PURE WOOL Most of them are made from
IMPORTED AUSTRALIAN WOOL, and the en-
tire lot will be offered bu us fully 15 per cent
less than the present cost to manufacture.
See exhibition of above Blankets
in our show windows, with sizes,
weights and prices marked on each
quality.
TELEPHONHI O-R.A.ITT IS4.
Hi. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
DISCOURSE BY DR. MYERS.
Subject, "Is Judaisro a F^ltcfyer)
Rellgioo?" Well Han
dled.
An entertaining discourse was delivered
last evening by Rahbi Isadore Myers at
the Bueh-street Temple, Congregation
Ohabai Shalomo. His subject was, "Is
Judaism a Kitchen Religion?"
The reverend doctor said that while the
J» -ws were for years forced to live under
great disadvantages and in crowded
places, vital statistics show that they are
more vigorous and live longer than their
Gentile friends. One of the causes of this
condition of things Is to be found in the
Mosaic dietary laws, the observance of
which is most conducive to good health
and longevity.
The Jew was always anxious to know
what he was eating, and only ate what
he could properly assimilate. The Jewish
boily has always been considered sacred
as a j.art of his religion, and especially
was he solicitous that anything con
taminting should be avoided. That was
why the Jew was careful of the char
acter of the animal food of which he par
took. While some people regarded clean
liness as next to godliness, the Jew
looked upon it as part and parcel of god
liness.
The Jews have less deaths than births,
and have been exempt from epidemic
diseases on account of their hygienic
laws, the wisdom of which has been ad
mitted by modern scientific men. It Is
a well-known fact that the flesh of ani
mals is the greatest conductor of disease
perms, and that is why the Jew requires
that the expert who kills the beast must
first make sure that it is perfectly
healthy, and even the knife used must
contain no notch nor blemish. The Eng
lish and American governments have
adopted the Jewish method of Inspecting
meat, and long before there was any
Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals the Jews were humane in their
treatment of dumb beasts.
Rabbi Myers referred to the renowned
actresses. Rachel and Sarah Bernhardt,
two daughters of Israel, who though
comparatively frail evinced extra
ordinary vigor on the stage. He exhorted
his hearers to educate their neighbors up
to the highest standard of pure living,
which can only be found in the sanitary
laws of the Jewish religion.
A LATTER-DAY DIOGENES.
Rev. J. George Gibson Thinks Mer)
Are Fjord to Find It} This Age.
Pioprr.cs and Rev. J. Georffe Gibson of
Baptist Emmanuel Church are ;i unit on
one proposition— that the number of men
on earth are few. The reverend pentle
man took for his theme last evening "Let
Him First Cast a Stone nt Her." John
v1i1.7. Before the sermon he sang a bary
tone solo, "I Am the Door."
"A woman asked me the other day," he
said, "if I knew I was being watched to
see what message I was going to give the
young. Well, I want to say right here
that most of the discords of the ages
have not been rang hy the young. The
aged have contributed their nut.' to the
lack of harmony."'
He asked that no criticism be made of
the subject he had selected until he had
finished speaking. He believed that one
who had labored in the slums of London
was competent to speak on that theme
"The New Testament story has often
been referred to as one of woman's deg
radation," he asserted, "but to mv mind
It is an example of man's. But women
are always to be condemned, and men
never. Why? Simply because men are
too few in mi mi
The subject ended with an admonition
to his hearers to be careful in criticizing
others, for, like the gospel story, it ma?
be thought. -to an exposition of the
unworth of the critic.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The fie- /}
In advertising, short lived
success is that which induces
people to buy inferior and
unsatisfactory goods.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Hams (Old Dominion) nc
regularly 13% c lb— good— Eastern
Sweet— Sugar cured
Coffee (Crescent blend) 25c
A fine coffee for the money
Tea
Mandarin Nectar reg'ly 60c lb 45c
(blend of uncolored teas)
Phoenix Chop reg'ly 50c lb 35c
(Fooeho-w Oolong)
White Wine gallon 45c
"Worth $1 gallon
Johannisberger Riesling type
gTown in our own vineyard at How-
ell Mountain.
An excellent wine — inexpensive
Lobsters small 15c large 20c
regularly 25c and 30c tin
For lobster salad — lobster curry —
lobster a la Newberg — lobster cro-
quettes — lobster rissoles
Recipes cheerfully furnished
Canned fruits (burchoice) 15c
regularly 20c tin (all kinds)
Heavy syrup — our label — and they
wouldn't have that if they were not
first rate
Hamam c 1 i s (extract of witch hazel)
V" pint pint quart
15c 25c 40c
Heals chapped hands and faces
men use it after shaving
Soothes burns and bruises— handy
for children's hurts
Ginger Ale $1-35
regularly $1.50 dozen
Made by Cochrane & Co Belfast
Raisins
Clusters regularly 15c lb 10c
Muscatelles regularly 10c lb 4 lbs
25c
Frontier Rye Whiskey ooc
regularly $1.25 quart
Closing out the brand
Macaroni-- Vermicelli-Spag-
hetti and Italian paste (let-
ters and numbers)
regularly 15c lb 12Uc
The favorably known La Favorita
brand
Olive oil ac C
regularly 50c bottle here
Sublime Lucca— we import it from
Italy
Gas lighter and tapers 25c
An excellent brass lighter worth 35c
and a box of tapers free