■VOLUME LXXXIV.- NO 80.
MAGUIRE BY ACCLAMATION
uiiSuS jji oniiiiuß.
William H. Alfbrd Made the Nominating Speech
and Senator Stephen M. White Stood
Sponsor.
GOVERNOR— James G. Maguire, Democrat, San Francisco.
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR— Edward L. Hutchi
son, Populist, Los Angeles.
SECRETARY OF STATE— R. A. Thompson,
San Francisco.
CONTROLLER— Thomas W. Maple, Populist,
Bakersfield.
TREASURER— W. S. Green, Democrat, Colusa.
ATTORNEY-GENERAL— H. P. Andrews, Demo
crat, Red Bluff.
SURVEYOR GENERAL— Irving M. Mulholland,
Democrat. Independence.
CLERK SUPREME COURT— Henry A. McCraney,
Silver Republican, Sacramento.
CONGRESSMEN— First District—
M. E. Dittmar, Populist, Reddixuc.
Second District — Marion DeVries.
— ,7t. Stf.oifton. . Thi«vl T>ialri-:t
John Aubrey Jones, Silver Republi
can, Fruitvale. Fourth District —
James H. Barry, Democrat. SanFran
cipco. Fifth District— William Craig.
Democrat, San Francisco. Sixth Dis
trict — Charles A. Barlow. Populist.
San Luis Obispo. Seventh District-
Curtis Harvey Castle, Populist. Mer
ced.
ASSEMBLYMEN— Thomas Duffy,
:Pel Norte: R. 11. DeWltt, Yrrka; C.
H. Brainard, Redding; J. F. Coonan,
Eureka: W. J. Bwartzal, Fortuna;
John McMurray, Weavervllle; W. E.
Dozier, Susanville; A. J. Meyers,
.Cariby; J. S. Brunsford, Quincy;
Frank Wehe, Downieville; A. F.
Jones. Oroville; Dr. E. E. Stone,
Marysville; L. P. Farnum, Tudor;
George S. McPhee. Westport; M.
Hochheimer, Willows: <\ <>. Nelson,
Woodland; W. F. Prisk, Grass Val
l^y; S. J. Pullen, Auburn: John F.
Llnplnseil, Placervilh-; a. Carninetti,
■Jackson; J. P. Rogers. PPtaJuma;
.Charles O. Dunbar, Sum a ilosa; C.
./.CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
: 31ENTO, Aug. 15.— James G. Maguire
. ■■■of San Francisco was to-day ohnsen by
: :the Democratic State Convention as
WILLIAM H. ALFORD of Tulare,
Who Placed Maguire in
Nomination.
The San Francisco Call
SUPERINTENDENT PUBLIC INSTRUCTION—
Christian Runckel. Populist, Dutch Flat.
SUPERINTENDENT OF STATE PRINTING—
Everett I. Woodman, Democrat, Sacramento.
JUSTICE SUPREME COURT-William M. Con
ley. Democrat, Madera.
JUSTICE SUPREME COURT— Walter S. Van
Dyke. Silver Republican, Los Angeles.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER, First District—
Hugh M. La Rue, Democrat, Sacramento.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER, Second District—
Wm. M. Hinton, Democrat, San Francisco.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER, Third District—
J. L. Dryden, Populist, San Diego.
L. Larue. Yountvllle; Ed McGet
tlgan, Vallejo; P. Kelly, Sacramento;
George Vice, Sacramento; Dr. C. _L.
Browning 1 . T ' l >>pr r '^? ! 3^M: IT," •"!»:" *^*^^.
San Rafael; i T. A. .McMahon, Mar
tinez; J. C. Doyle, Stockton; George
Fox, Clemen,;; P. H. Kean, San An
dreas; Lawrence Hoey, San Fran
cisco; Samuel Brau-ihart, San Fran
cisco; P. J. To malty, b^.i V"Yancisco;
C. J. Gallagher, San Francisco; J. F.
Twigg, San Francisco; Peter J. Cv.rtis,
San Francisco;* John H. Hansen. fle-.
Francisco; John. H. Grady, San Fran
cisco; Edward I. Coffey, San Fran
cisco; W. P. Sullivan Jr., San Fran
cisco; J. C. McKinstry, San Fran
cisco; Jeremiah Coffey, San Fran
cisco; M. C. Hassett, Sari Francisco;
James Denman, San Francisco; Pat
rick Boland, San Francisco; T. J. Pin
der, San Francisco; John Fay
Sr., San Francisco; J. M. Klein. San
Francisco; M. J. Kerwin. Hay wards;
Thomas C. Stoddard, Alameda; C. W.
Logan, Oakland; Seth Mann. Oak
land; J. J. McDonald, Oakland; M. J.
Laymance, Oakland; John B. Kelly,
Redwood City; Tallma.n Chlttenden,
Chittendens; J. B. O'Brien, Santa
the party's condidate for Governor at
the coming- election.
The act was the logical result of
what is apparently the wishes of the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST' 19, 1898.
Clara; T. C. Hogan, San Jose; John
A, Hicks, Los Gatos; Dr. W. A. Whit
lock. Merced; J. P. O'Brien, Sonora;
• ' 'I. AshOj Tri-a Pints: J. M.
Donttlv.e, iso<lie; J. A. McKensie,
Lone i'irce; E. J. Leonard, Madera;
W. S. Fresno; Joel L. Ford,
'j u .%••;-. V;. i>\ 'ohnson, Monterey; W.
D. Madden, Lemoore; Ben M. Mad
dox, Visalia; H. A. Jastro, Bakers
field; John WT Barnebery, San Luis
Oblspo; J. K. liarrington, Santa Bar
bara; John McTronigrle, Ventura; Joe
Simons, Pasadena; George L. Patton,
J San Gabriel; Randolph W. Hill. Los
Angeles; D. K. Trask, Los Angeles;
M. W. Conklin, Los Angeles; M. C.
Marsh, Los Angeles; J. A. Boots,
Santa Ana; J. W. Roberts, Riverside;
H. W. Nisbet, San Bernardino; Fred
Shaw, Julian; N. H. Conklin, San
Diego.
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION—
First District — John P. Dunn. Demo
crat, San Francisco. Second Dis
trict — Thomas Scott. Democrat,
Livermore. Third District— Richard
H. Beamer, Democrat, Woodland.
Fourth District— T. O. Toland. Demo
crat, Ventura,
majority of the Democratic voters of
the State. Thera was no other contest
ant for the place, his only rival having
withdrawn twenty-four hours before
the time of placing the names of
prospective candidates before the con
vention.
The nomination was by acclamation
and was the signal for an expression
of enthusiasm sufficiently emphatic but
not wholly In accord with what is
usually expected from a body of men
which was in perfect harmony as to
who should be the standard-bearer of
their party.
J. G. Maguire was placed in nomlria
tion by William H. Alford, chairman
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, a man who is presumed to be
in accord with the present principles
of the Democratic party and who is
supposed to be in touch with all of the
issues of the coming campaign. Hie
address, which is given here in full,
was a most happy one and touched on
such important subjects as will have
a material influence on the immediate
destiny of the party and its candidates.
Whether or not it was intended to be
so it will be taken as a declaration of
principles and the enunciation of
pledges the keeping of which will be
a matter for the care and attention of
Democratic voters.
The nomination of Judge Maguire
was seconded by United States Senator
Stephen M. White, Maguire's life-long
friend and political associate. He paid
a high tribute to the personal worth
and political career of Judge Maguire,
and gave something of the history of
the public life of the man whose name
will appear at the head of the Demo
cratic State ticket. He alfioitouchedupon
subjects relative to certain incidents
and acts of Maguire's recent career as
a legislator and a member of the Na
tional Congress. Some of these inci
dents and some of these acts bid fair
to cut an important figure in the cam
paign about to begin, and because of
this a relation of them by Senator
White becomes doubly interesting. This
address like that of Mr. Alford may
be taken in part as pledge of future
conduct, a guarantee of good faith and
a defense of those acts connected with
the important incidents surrounding
the beginning of the war with Spain.
For this reason, if no other, it will
form an interesting circumstance of the
events of to-day. It is given herewith
in full.
The scenes attending the delivery of
JAMES G. MAGUIRE, CHOICE OF THE DEMOCRATS FOR GOVERNOR.
both these nominating addresses as
well as that which marked the appear
ance of Judge Maguire in the conven
tion hall and his formal acceptance of
the nomination that had been tendered
him are told in detail on other pages
of this paper. They will prove Interest
ing reading for Democrats and Repub
licans alike, and also may have some
passing interest for the Populists, or
at least that portion of them who have
joined with the Democrats in placing
the badge of leadership on the "Little
Giant."
ALFORD PLACES
MAGUIRE IN
NOMINATION
It Was Eloquent and Eulogistic
but Quite Ready
Made.
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Convention: I have the honor to propose
for your consideration a candidate for the
high office of Governor. The Democrats
of this State have conferred upon us a
great privilege, but in doing so they have
Imposed a grave responsibility. We are
about to select a general for the most
important political battle ever waged by
the people of California. It is tne first,
the imperative duty of every delegate in
this hail to cast aside as garments unflt^
for this presence, self-interest and fac
tional hate. Our duty is important, but
our path-way is plain. Behind us beams
the mellow lights of history— before us
gleam the camp fires of progress.
We must not act -without reflection, but
we must act without fear. Industrial free- j
dom is the only true object of govern
ment. Beyond its accomplishment, her
functions are lorniat, her problems are
solved. In this truth are to be found
both the origin of Democracy and the
origin of its discords. Call 1l by what
ever name you will, organize it into what
ever party you desire, clothe it in what
ever garb your fancy may dictate. Dem
ocracy ceases to be Democracy when it
has any other object than the industrial
freedom of mankind.
Democrats cannot differ up>n this, but
until they have agreed as to tne method
of attaining this end there will be dis
cord in Democratic organizations. For
as Christians, equally zealous, follow the
Cheat Author of their religion by dif
ferent ways, so the devotees of Democ
racy will disagree as to methods, while
their object is forever the same.
Great truths are parts of tne infinite.
Their reception by the finite minds of
men can neither be sudden nor regular.
They struggle for recognition, are de
flected by the atmosphere of environment
and appear from so many directions that
discords seem endless, harmony impossi
ble. This is the tiga of truth. It always
appears in disorder. Yet through this
disorder the eye that looks may behold
the beauty of arrangement, the ear that
lists may hear a perfect melody.
The fundamental trutn of Democracy,
that industrial freedom can and will be
accomplished, appears at times bo far
away that men lose hope in their at
tempts to reach it. But. gentlemen of the
convention, the time will never come
when they ■will lose faith in the man
whom they are sure personific ; this truth.
Let him appear in the day of their pros
perity and happiness or in the night of
their poverty and despair, and by an im
pulse resistless as the power of truth
Itself they will rush to his standard and
follow him to the end.
In naming our leader we muff* not only
name a man who personifies this funda
mental truth of Democracy but we must
name a man whom the 'eople know per
sonifies this truth. We must name a
leader to whose hands the Democracy of
California is willing to Intrust its ban
ner. We must name a man who holds
the respect of every class, the confidence
of every faction. We must nominate a
man with whom Democracy is superior to
self, superior to friends, superior even to"
party. synonymous only with country.
We must nominate a man who is not a
Democrat because he votes tne Democrat
ic ticket, but who vote" the Democratic
ticket because he is a Democrat.
We must nominate a man whose life is
a challenge, whose record is a platform
and whose name Is an Inspiration. We
must nominate a man who is a Democrat
within himself, and if political parties
could be blotted out, if an his record
could be Bwept way, and he eouM rise
before us at this hour, his innate charac
ter would so shine out "That nature
might stand up and say to au the world
this Is a Democrat."
In this hour of commercial
gloom — in this midnight of indus
trial darkness — we must nomi
nate the man toward whom the
eyes of suffering thousands turn,
and in whom the light rays of pur
ified Democracy converge. Gen
tlemen of the convention, Demo
crats of California, I nominate
for the high office of Governor
the Honorable James G. Maguire.
Gentlemen of the convention, I know
by your applause that the man I have
named is your candidate. I might re
hearse his record, but eulogy stands mute
before its pure, white splendor. He is not
only your candidate: he is the candidate
of the majority of the Democrats of this
State; he is the candidate of the ma
jority of the voters of California.
Nominate him to-day— declare him the
choice of this convention, and then go
home, if you, will, and take no part in
the campaign. Retire to your farms,
your stores, your offices, your shops, and
never lift a hand from now until the 6th
of November. Surrender every fortress
and stronghold in the State. Construct
for him no breastwork and lift no shield
in his defense. Lay baTe his breast to
every shaft of corporate greed. Unloose
the filthy bloodhounds of monopoly.
Crowd the columns of every libelous and
blackmailing sheet with calumny and
lies. Hire the slander of every oratorical
prostitute that wallows in his own slime
at the feet of special privilege, and let
them concentrate their hell-born energy
upon the hero I have named, and you
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
will see the honest, grateful, patriotic,
liberty loving people of this State arise
In his defense, press forward as one man,
construct about him a human barricade
and follow him to battele and to victory.
But, Democrats of California, this will
not be your' course. From the moment
this convention adjourns you will conse
crate the energy and power with which
you are endowed to the noblest cause for
which mankind ran fight— the cause of
human liberty. We have abolished chat
tel slavery in this country- At the price
of the life blood of a million white men
and billions: of treasure we set the black
man free, and yet we are fostering insti
tutions that are fastening upon white
men and black men alike a slavery that
is far more degrading, because It wears
upon its hideous face the mask of lib
erty. Industrial slavery is the offspring
of monopoly. It will perish when monop
oly is destroyed. We have achieved po
litical freedom; we have achieved relig
ious freedom. There is just one more
step to take, and across the banner of
Democracy, as it moves down the future,
I can read, in letters of living light, the
words. "Industrial freedom."
In the name of every enemy of trusts;
in the name of every foe of special privi
lege; in the name of every opponent of
monopoly; In the name of every cham
pion of industrial freedom; in the name
of Democracy in its highest, purest form.
I nominate for the office of Governor of
California the Hon. James G. Maguire.
HE STANDS
SPONSOR FOR
HIS FRIEND
Senator White Warmly Approves
the Nomination of the
Judge.
Gentlemen of the Convention:' It is
a Bubject of deep regret to mo that
I am unable, upon this most lra2
SOME VERY RAW PROGRAMMING
portiint and auspicious occasion, to ex
presfl my views to you am forcibly as I
might were I in ray ordinary physical con
dition, but I cannot permit this moment
to pass without seconding the nomina
tion of a man whom 1 have known from
his earliest childhood, whom I have fol
lowed in his early years, ana whom I
have seen pass from one place to an
other, until to-day he is superlatively en
deared in the hearts of the people of Cali
fornia.
For Governor, what do the people of
California desire? Do they wish an honest
aian?
A voice — Yes.
Senator White— lf so, they have that
man in James G. Maguire. Do they wish*
a man who has familiarized himself
with the interests of the people? If they
do, they have that man in James G. Ma
guire. From his childhood to his present
proud position he has been an honest, an
intelligent and an honorable toiler, ever
moving onward, ever moving upward.
Do they wish a man who has had ex
perience in public affairs? If they do,
.they lind that man in James G. Maguire.
Elected when he was but little more
than a boy to the legislative councils of
this , State, almost his native . State, he
performed those, duties. in that period of
comparative inexperience so that they
r^Ss' unchallenged to-day, and are this
moment the subject of. encomium. He
did not stop there. He showed that he
.bad legislative ability. Later on he was
chosen to the bench. Do the people of
California wish a man occupying the po
sition of Governor who possesses Judicial
attainments— ability to weigh this
cause and that cause, this man and that
man, and to honestly enter a judgment
intelligently based upon the evidence be
fore him? If they do, they have that man
in Jam os G. Maguire. He was upon the
Superior bench in the city and County of
San Francisco for years. Ho adorned
that bench. I have heard many a lawyer
who dissents in toto from his political
views and from our -political views say
that if Judge Maguire were a candidate
for Judge he would vote for him in a
minute, because he knew that he was
able; that he was just; that he was clear
headed. and that he was competent to
discharge that most onerous, perhaps, of
all duties imposed upon American citi
zens. ■ :
Furthermore, do you wish a man who
has experience beyond the limits of the
State of California, and has a proper con
on of the constitution of the nation
and of its bearings upon the Slate and
its relations to all those many avenues
through which public duties flow, which
are, to some extent, represented in na
tional affairs? If bo, you find that man,
too, in James G. Maguire. Elected, elect
ed and elected, never possible to be de
1. to the Congress of the United
-. he presents upon the national
escutcheon a proud and a stainless rec
ord. (Applause.)
In the council halls of this nation he
has been the defender of h's State and
the advocate of her interest. In that
council hall when national matters were
before ■ he stood the defender of
th«r public Interest, regardless of sedition,
locality "f special privilege. Who above
him stood In the Congress of the nation
in the matter o< the defense of the peo
leroachments of monopoly
and the influence of the railroad power?
No one. No one challenges his record.
No nni> doubts his pre-eminence. No one
questions his manly work, or the hpnesty
of his expressions ;<nd the ability of nts
vii w.-: which hi- th'-re announced. Fel
low citizens, is there anything in his per
eonal character which can be u.-':;au!ted?
For we must have a man stainless in the
performance of public duties, a power in
his persdfcal relations. No human being
In the midst of a fierce conflict and wild
ti cf party Btruggle will ever im
pugn honestly the personal or private
character of James G. Maguire.
These are rot ornate phrases. They
i.r>' not culled extracts of classical ex
pression, but they are the didactic facts
of solemn proof, which are presented to
the people of this State and upon which
we demand an issue, and regardless of
which we pledge ourselves to maintain
our case without any dispute in the evi
dence. Fellow citizens, some have callea
this .a mere ratification meeting, and our
political opponents have been wont to
pay. as they will hereafter assert, that
we' are following in the lines of the Popu
irty, and are submitting to its dic
tation because we nominate Judge Ma
guire. Mr. President, the Populist party,
the honest men within Its ranks find the
able and true men within its ranks who
vot»d for Judge Maguire knew that he
was a Democrat, and they knew no
Democrat in California but him would be
nominated in a Democratic convention.
(Applause. »
The sentiment of the people had been
recorded and little credit is to you or to
me for merely expressing our views
here for we could not do otherwise and
be loyal and faithful to those who sent
us here. Let the returns speak. Maguire
is a candidate, not particularly of a party
and not particularly cf an individual.
True he is a Democrat and we are pooud
to follow him. but he is a candidate of
the people of the State of California. <Ap
p!-use > And if all the conventions nomi
nate him. as they ail should, we cannot
be blamed or censured, nor can he be
impugned because ot that fact.
Mr Chairman, we will make th.s a con
test upon which every man can make a
fight We will make it upon his record,
Btate and national, and will make it per
haps upon the pre-eminent proposition
that heis a loyal and a true son of Cali
fornia and in the executive office will
honestly, economically, impartially and
democratically administer the solemn
trust submitted to his keeping. No dan
UNITED STATES SENATOR
STEPHEN M, WHITE, Who
Seconded Maguire's Nom=
{nation.
SCENE IN TflE CONVENTION HALL WHEN MAGUIRE WAS NOMINATED FOR GOVERNOR.
ger that we will be led away through the J
false influences and extraneous causes of
the peculiarities of present conditions.
We are told that the Republican party
must elect everybody from Governor to
Constable because the United States have
been successful in the war. The people
have fuught the war principally. (.Ap
plause.) On the land and sea, where our
flag has been carried, every soldier and
every sailor has performed hlsduty. "\V hen
the ennoke of battle and the doings of di
plomacy have passed away -we will find
who is responsible for the old coats and
the misfit shoes which have been palmed
off on the brave soldiers of the nation.
(Applause.)
Meyer has a soldier or sailor. Democrat,
Republican or Populist, or whatever else
he may call himself, been disloyal or
failed xr> perform his duty. If there have
been any failures they have been made
in the official circles, for which circles
the Democracy is not responsible. (Ap
plause.) The time will come when these
matters will be investigated, and they
will be pretty well understood by the
American people before election day.
There are many things, incidental and
collateral, regarding this struggle upon
which we do not all agree. But when the
great conflict was inaugurated there was
no dissent. Democrats differed in Con
gress, and Judge Maguire differed from
Congress, and so did I, as to the bill
which was passed regarding the
collection of the war tax. Why
did we differ upon it? We proposed
o measure to equalize taxation and to
make that wealth to which the blood of
the soldier and the sailor contribute fur
nish Its just quota toward the mainten
ance of the war. Upon the floor of the
Senate of the United States, and there
was no such power upon the floor of the
House to do anything, I succeeded in im
posing a Email tax upon the Standard Oil
Company and upon the sugar trusts. I
did not get but seven votes from the Re
publican side. (Applause.) And yet they
said that they were justified in their act
because they put thirty millions of money
upon beer, thirty millions upon tobacco,
and more than that upon proprietary
THE &AJS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
MAGUSRE'S PLAN OF ACTION
He Will Speak First to the Silver Re
publicans of LoSr Affgeles.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: 1 have not
yet decided upon either the time or the place
of opening the campaign. We will probably
open it formally about the Ist of September. 1
am going to Los Angeles next week, upon the
invitation of the Silver Republican State Cen
tral Committee, to be present at the meeting of
their State convention, and will probably
speak there on August 27. Beyond that our
plans for the campaign have not been formed.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
medicines and kindred things. They said
those are luxuries and they ought to pay
the tax. The man who takes a glass of
beer ought to have the tax double,
whereas the drinker of champagne can
rest upon the patriotism which he haa
manifested in retrospect.
Beer is a luxury and why cannot the
toilers get along without it, our friends
said. Tobacco! Why should a man chew
tobacco, tho filthy weed? j.c is a luxury,
our Republican friends told us. Luxury!
A man digging in fcue streets of your city
making it possible for you to get water
and gas, making your sewer connections,
toiling day by day under the hot. sun, the
sweat of his brow wetiing the arid soil,
chews his tobacco. It is a luxury and
you need not chew it unless you want to.
Fellow citizens, it is our opinion that
the tax was not justly distributed. We
thought there should be a general tax
upon the great corporations or this coun
try, and we proposed to levy it. We were
defeated, not by Democratic votes, save
for a very few, but by the Republicans,
the solid Republican column. As I have
.•ilready said, and I repeat now, when
we presented a single amendment direct
ed at the Standard Company and the
sugar trusts, then there were a few Sen
ators who were compelled to yield be
cause they could not face their constitu
ents, but the Republican majority stood
up like one man and refused to tax those
great industries.
I introduced an amendment to assess
the great Si eping-cars of the country, to
assess their gross receipts. ., lt was amend
ed requiring them to put a tax on the
tickets they Bold, and to pay for that
tax themselves. Inat was an exception.
Gentlemen, the great telegraph corpora
tions pay nothing. You are assessed for
telegrams, and when you go to send your
dispatch away, they congratulate you
upon your patriotism. (Applause.) Yet
you will hear Republican orators, during
this campaign, charge that tne Demo
cratic party was inimicable to the war
because it refused to vote for that bill.
"We had a measure of our own which was
defeated and we voted for the other.
"When the President called for* supplies,
whenever he asked for appropriations,
however large, we gave it to him. We
submitted to the elimination . of the river
nnd harbor bill, though it-was important
to all, in order that money I might be
contributed to the public, .cause:' The
great triumph that we have met- "will • go
down to history as the triumph of the Am
erican* people, and small indeed, micro
scopic in mind and conscience is ho -who
asserts that the Republican- party won
the tattles of Manila afto Santiago, i.m-
plauseO ~ Whatever may have been -the
views of a.ny nian as to the initial con-;
troversy, unity of action was'manifested,
and whatever may have been the opinion
of any one, the America-i people and all
of them and their : children' and their
children's children will look back upon
the achievements" of this war with 1 Inde
scribable pride.. To. me the greatest tri
umph that is eminent over it all is not
the mere destruction of the foe and the
elevation of our Hag, but it is the concen
tration of the ■ patriotism of Lie . republic
regardless of wealth' or position, respond-
In^ to the call of their nation. When upon
the WinsloWs . burning deck young Bag
lev threw -out his ; line and laughingly
said "It has r been warm here, ' and
when a shell burst over him and his com
panions and hurled them ;to t.ieir doom.'
there died ' a' brave young man ■ whose
widowed mother in North Carolina pours
tears over his grave, for which no money
can compensate. On El Caney's heights,
In the stormy scene there, young Hamll-.
tua JFisk. vjzo.zsil-iiy tHs-_ Jurist at ibe
foe, was a man of. the wealth of New
York's 400, moving in the highest cir
cles of that power, which is accumulated
a,s the result of money. He died a rich
young man, that man with powerful sur
roundings, that man who nad no need
to go to war, who might have hired, as
young Astor, a battery and regiment, and
have destroyed the Spanish with them.
He died for "the cause of his country and
for liberty, and whether he was worth
one hundred or two hundred millions of
money, he contributed more ti the Amer
ican people to make it greater in its dis
tinction and greater in futurity than does
he who lived a thousand years. Of these
farts we all know. No partisan can dis
fuiae them, no partisansnlp can destroy
hem. No partisanship can doom them.
Tiny am a common heritage. They be
long to us all. I know how an attempt
will be made to make use of the g^eat
national events. Finally I repeat I sec
ond the nomination of a man par excel
lence, and let us meet him once more in
Sacramento and hear him deliver his in
augural address.
THE "LITTLE
GIANT" TO
THE FRONT
Bows Gracefully to the Ap
plause and Accepts the
Nomination.
James G. Maguire this afternoon for
mally accepted the nomination that
was given him by the convention ear
lier in the day. His address and the
i ceremony of his reception by the con
| vention are given herewith. Judge
I James G. Maguire was escorted to the
I platform amid the cheers of the mcm
i bers of the convention.
The Chair — Gentlemen of the conven
tion, I take pleasure in introducing to
you Mayor Phelan of San Francisco,
who will introduce the next Governor,
James G. Maguire.
Three cheers for James D. Phelan
were proposed and Hven in a hearty
manner.
Mayor Phelan— Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of the convention, as a member of
your committee to escort Judge Maguire
to this platform, it is a matter of espe
cially great gratification for me to say
tnat" the principal service which Judge
Maguire has given to the State of Cali
fornia has affected largely the interest
i of the city and county which I in part
represent. There Judge Maguire was sent
i to the Assembly; there he was elevated
1 to the Superior bench, and from the
I Fourth Congressional Dißtrict. with ever
1 increasing majorities, he was sent by a
' grateful and enthusiastic people to the
; halls of Congress. He has distinguished
himself in this, that as a public servant
:he has always served the public. [Loud
applause.] There is but one test which
we require of our public men, and that is
i that they shall serve the interests of the
j jjpqplfij and that i& what has m»d« Judge
Magulre conspicuous among our citizens.
Coming from the bay, we of San Fran
cisco thank tne convention for this recog
nition which it has given to its foremost
son and raised him to the highest pinna
cle within the gift of the p»ople of the
State. I verily believe, so strong am I
convinced of the justice of -his cause in
the consciences of the people,' of his in
tegrity and fidelity to public • trusts, - that
he will be elected the next Governor of .
the State ,of California. Gentleman, : your „
candidate/ '• *.';:"""""- ;.:-' 4 ** ; -'i
Judge Maguire stepped . forward amid
vociferous applause and cheers and said:
Mr. Chairman, fellow i-cD?ai > >crats,
members of the Democratic* atmJi con
vention, I thank you for the' great honor
which you have conferred i '^on me. I
feel a sense of personal Gratitude which
I cannot express to you in! words.,. I know
the answer expressing Imy gratitude
which you expect, and theft, is that I shall
be faithful to the trust »vhich you have
reposed on me; that I shall carry your
standard unsullied either to victory or to;
defeat in the coming campaign, without
flinching and without hesitation. | That. I
shall endeavor to do, with all earnestness
and all the energy of my life. I have had
the privilege, through the courtesy of the
committee on platform and. resolution, to
read the platform, which you have adopt
ed, and I say, after a careful reading,
that I indorse its every plank; • that I
shall in the approaching campaign <do
everything In my power to vindicate its
principles and its declared purposes, and
after the campaign is over, and I shall
be charged with the ..execution .of its
promises as I believe I will (.loud ap
plause), I will endeavor faithfully to com
ply with the promises which you have
made therein to the people.. I can give
no further assurance of what I will do
in that behalf than to say that in all my
public career I have endeavored faithful
ly to comply with every promise that I
have made to the people; that 1 have en
deavored to do so earnestly and energeti
cally. In addition to saying that I In
dorse the platform, I am pleased to .say
that in the platform I find set forth some
of the most important principles and pur
poses, relating to the interests of the peo
ple of California, to whom I have been
devoted, during the whole period of my
public service in the past, and to which I
will be glad to devote myself in the fu
ture. I am pleased with the enthusiastic
spirit of patriotism manifested in the
opening planks of the platform, in the ab- '!
solutely unpartlsan recognition of the j
glory and the . honor of American man
hood displayed in the. war that has just
closed. (Applause.) -
I sharo In the sentiments of gratitude
and gratification expressed in the plat
form of the heroic services of our soldiers
and sailors in giving their lives, their
blood and their service for our flag and
our country promptly, bravely, enthu
siastically upon ' the first call In her
hour of emergency. (Prolonged ap
plause.) I shall not at this time attempt
to review the platform. I would not de
tain you in the great work which you
are here to perform, and which you have
so well performed up to this hour, ex
cepting of course the particular part of
the work to which I am here to respond.
(Laughter.) But I desire to touch briefly
upon one or two propositions in the plat
form. The great Democratic platform of i
1896, which you have specifically indorsed
and whose planks you have reaffirmed,
Was a declaration of war upon monopoly
such as had not previously been put forth
by any great political party in this coun
try. Tne platform adopted by this con
vention to-day presents propositions for
the detailed execution of a very import
ant portion of the Chicago platform. It
presents, in my "opinion, the principles
upon which the great question of railroad
monopoly must be settled throughout the
Union. If chosen as the chief executive of
the State I will take particular delight in
devoting my energies to the execution of
that plank of the platform. (Applause
and cheers.) It presents no mere theory.
It presents no proposition for mere ex
periment. It presents a well considered
plan which has been practically executed
fn one State of the American Union where
the Democratic • party has practically
solved the railroad monopoly problem. . I
refer to the State of Texas (applause)
and to the 'glorious fight that was,, made
there for the principles which you have
laid down in the Railroad Commission
plank of your platform to-day. The
plank relating to the refunding, of the :
debts of the Central - Pacific .Railroad;
I will- deal with, of course, through
out the campaign- 1 Your plank upon that
question specifically represents my views
In your criticism of the war revenue bill
you have presented a proposition of
equity which no man, whatever may be
his political views, can answer. : ••_*'■•■
The war revenue bill of the Republican
majority in the national Congress was a
measure such as never before found sup
port In' a legislative-body -representing
popular : sovereignty. ;It was, more than
any other piece of legislation of which
I have any knowledge, a measure of
class favoritism avowedly Intended- to
levy the ' burdens of the cost :of the war
upon the masses of the people to the ex
! ' emption of ' the accumulated wealth ; ■ and
! great incomes of the country. It will not
! -be -defended and it cannot be. Upon all
other questions relating to the war I am
pleased to say that a common j sentiment
of patriotism prompted Democrats, Re
publicans and Populists in Congress to
act without regard for party differ
ences, to support our armies in the field,
our navy upon the seas, and to uphold
I every hand that was rais.ed for the de
fense of our country in its crisis, but in
levying taxes to pay the expenses of the
war this class-favoring measure was pre
sented, which could not receive the sup
port o* Democrats. Those who opposed
'(■W^kU vindicate their positions before the
I am gtad fhat in mnneetioa with this
platform, presenting great principles and
purposes to which every lover of his coun
try should be devoted, this convention has
recognized the patriotic duty of the re
form forces that were united in solid pha
lanx behind William J. Bryan in the
campaign of 196 (Applause and cheers)
to stand united again upon terms of hon
orable co-operation in the campaign that
is impending.
In all that I shall do in this campaign
I will endeavor faithfuly to follow the
spirit in that behalf which you have
manifested here to-day, and carryfng the
standard of my own party in the cam
paign as you have entrusted it to me. I
will endeavor to treat our allies in thi3
war against monopoly with all the cour
teous consideration and with every hon
orable regard to which they are so well
entitled in consideration of the sacrifices
which they, in common with this great
body of representatives of the Demoeraey
of California, have made for the purpose
i of union on behalf of the popular inter-
I est instead of dividing the votes of the
I masses of the people and braving the
common enemy to triumph. (Prolonged
AND A POPULIST, TOO.
Maguire Formally Accepts the Pinto
Platform and Nomination.
Call Headquarters, Sacramento, Aug. 18.—
Congressman Maguire was formally notified to-night
by the fusion committee of the Populists, the chairman
and secretary of the Populist convention and the
chairman and secretary of the Populist State Conven
tion that he had been nominated by the Populists for
Governor.
Burdett Cornell of Alameda, who acted as spokes
man for the committee, reviewed at great length the
aims and objects of the Populist party. He said that
the party was composed of men who had left the
rank and file of the Democratic and Republican parties
because the essential principles of democratic govern
ment were not then to be found in either party.
"Since the time the Populist party was organ
ized," said Cornell, "the Democratic party had com
pletely changed in its platform of principles." In con
clusion, Corneil said the Populists believed that
Maguire was the logical candidate to represent the
reform forces in the coming campaign.
Judge Maguire, in reply, went into a lenrtv
dissertation concerning the railroad Question and ques
tions of taxation. He said that heTgd carefully read
the platform of the Populist party and that he agreed
with it in all the planks renting v to the functions of
government. He said in' conclusion that he would
accept the platform, and if elected Governor will carry
out all the promises made in it. In conclusion, he
promised to forward his letter of acceptance to the
chairman of the State Central Committee before Sunday.
applause.) I thank you sincerely for this
great evidence of yuur confidence, for the
great honor which a nomination by ac
clamation at the hands of such a splen
did body of representative citizens brings
to me, and I shall not forget that I hold
that great honor in sacred trust In exe
cuting that trust I shall endeavor to for
get myself, my own conveniences, and,
temporarily, interests.and to lead unsullied
the standard of the Democratic party of
California to a glorious victory in the ap
proaching campaign. (Prolonged ap
plause and vociferous cheers.)
PAUL P. AUSTIN.
Bea Will Swap Everything to Make
Him Secretary of State.
SAN JOSE. Aug. IS.— The Rea delega
tion to the Republican State Convention
voted solidly this afternoon to work for
Paul P. Austin for Secretary of State.
Everything else is to be sacrificed, and
the gubernatorial candidate who aids the
gang in this move will receive the dele«
gation's votes. By putting Austin in as
Secretary of State Rea hopes to increase
his power and become a State boss.
This was agreed upon at a meeting of
the delegates this afternoon. Thirty-one
of the thirty-three delegates were pres
ent, and the two absentees are strong
Austin men. O. A. Hale was elected
I chairman and George T. Dunlop of Gilroy
secretary. The session lasted some time
' and the various candidates for Governor
were freely discussed.
A motion instructing the delegates to
•work in- every way honorable for the
nomination of Secretary of State for Su
pervisor Paul P. Austin was adopted
unanimously. This was Rea's only wish,
and the delegates obeyed the dictate or
the boss like lambs.
.. The delegation will leave for Sacra
mento next Monday morning in a body.
■Headquarters will be opened and a mart
established. Trading will be conducted
on all sides and empty promises given to
further Austin's chances. The boss is
certain of his man being nominated and
elected "and does not think Curry will be
a formidable opponent.
Rea is for Loud for Congressman, and
it is said that thirty out of the thirty
three delegates are inclined that way.
For Governor Lon Brown is the strong
est among the delegates, while Pardee
and Gape have a few followers. But if
any of the candidates will assure Rea of
support sufficient to nominate Austin he
will get thf> thirty-three votes.
Rea's delegates have all received th«
following letter from Pardee:
OAKLAND. Aug. 15, 1898.
Dear Sir: I see that you have been selected
as delegate from your county to the State
convention. As you may perhaps know, I am
an aspirant for the nomination for Governor,
and will take with me to the convention a
solid delegation from Alameda County, con
sisting of 68 delegates. If you are not other
wise committed, I should like to have you
consider me in making up your mind as to your
choice for Governor before the convention.
Yours, etc., GEORGE C. PARDEE.
Rea and his men are confident of being
seated in the convention, and ridicule the
idea that the contesting Good Govern
ment League delegates will cause them
any trouble. Nevertheless, the Good Gov
ernment people will be on hand and put
up a good fight. Affidavits and witnesses
will be taken with them to substantiate
their charges of the grossest frauds at
the primaries. /•';.•'
Democratic candidates for county hon
ors are numerous, but the following ap
pear to have the inside track on the nom
inations:
Superior Judge— A. Scheller or A. S. Kit-
• r County Clerk— H. A. Pfister.
• County Clerk-H. A. Pflster.
Recorder— T. W. Trainor.
. Assessor— L. A. Spttzer.
Tax Collector— A. January.
Surveyor— Paul Sainsevain.
Auditor— Al Veuve.
Treasurer— J. S. Selby.
IT— George T. Bollinger.
Superintendent of Schools— D. T. Eateman.
District Attorney— D. M. Burnett.
. Supervisors— First District. Michael Case?
of Gilroy: Fourth District. John Roll.
Township Justices— E. . M. Rosenthal and
Frank Rhearrer.
• On the •■ legislative ticket the following are
mentioned: *■• • ■■■ ■■ - ■• • rl"^."~r l"^."~
j\ i>'!y rn*--n I 7 *! ftv -fourth District. I. ,T. C-
' Murphy; Fifty-fifth District. J. J. McLaurln
and O. D. Richardson; Fifty-sixth District,
John D. Roberts.
Senator— District. J. H. Henry.
San Francisco's Primaries.
The Republican primaries to fleet dole
gates to the State and Congressional con
ventions passed off very quietly yester
dn.y. Notwithstanding there were no con
tests the Republican voters of the city
evinced their interest in the party's wel
fare by turning out and eastinp their bal
lots. Several hundred ballots were cast in
each precinct. The list of delegates -was
published in yesterday's Call.
CORRECTED A MISTAKE.
SACRAMENTO. Aur. IS.— When the
Second Railroad District met Wednesday
nTght and nominated William M. Hintnn.
they neplected to provide for the unex
nired term. The convention met again
to-nigrht and nominated Hinton for the
place. The district convention then ad
journed to meet Saturday at 2 o'clock at
the California Hotel. San Francisco.HOW McNAB
WAS CHECKED
BY JIM BARRY
Dwyer Held Up the Yellow
Journal to the Scorn
Even of Democrats.
Disreputable Trick of Mayor Phelan
to Defeat Judge Conley of Madera
by Falsely Stating the Vote.
: CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento.
Aug. IS.— This has been an eventful day
. In the history of the Democratic party of
California.
It has witnessed the final passing of
Gavin McNab, the whispering boss of
San Francisco Democracy; the stepping
down of Mayor Phelan. also of San Fran-
Cisco, from his high perch on the pedes
tal of political purity and his acceptance
of the methods of a ward politician; the
■: attempt of a great political party to pre
vent young and honest men from having
!. a place in the plan of party leadership,
the futile attempt of the Examiner to
dictate the affairs of the party; the lin
ing up of the honest country Democrats
against the corrupt political organiza
tions of the three principal bosses of the
State, and the banishment of Senator
Braunhart.
• : From the list of events as enumerated
'there has been omitted the fact of the
. ' nomination of James G. Maguire as the
candidate of the Democratic party for
■•" "Governor. This was not an incident
": either unexpected or particularly impor-
t ant. For two months past it had been
■ knpWn that Maguire would be the noml
; nee of this convention for the place at the
.head of the ticket. The formal tender of
• the nomination was made to-day without
■pomp or circumstance as was to be ex
■ pected, because the facts had become
patent to even the uninitiated, and had
. been heralded again and again from one
end of the State to the other. Besides
■the Populist State mountebank slipped in
•aforetime and stole the Democratic plun
• der. Thus it is that the nomination %f
IJMaguire was not an event — merely a cir
cumstance.
But there were other things and plenty
of them that are destined to occupy a
prominent place in Democratic history.
Chief among these, perhaps, was the final
passage of Whispering Gavin McNab.
F6r many months this personality had
been a disturbing factor in Democratic
politics, and his attempt to gain control
vf the Demecrattc organization of the
. metropolis and of the State and turn
. .it to hi.s own use had been matters
of much political importance. Me desired
to be, besides dictator, the nominee of
the party for Congress from the Fourth
Congressional District. His wish to oc
• cup'y a seat in the. halls of the American
tops was due, he said, to a desire to
•purge hfms?lf from the accumulated tilth
fathered from his political associations.
• 'To-day another man received the nomi
n WWcb he coveted. The Fourth
Congressional District Convention has
:; James H. Barry as its candidate
for Congress, and thp Whispering Boss is
left, free to pursue his devious ways and
cover his political character with addi
tional coatings of filth— it bfing presumed
that he will not change his associations.
Yesterday McNab's friends took a poll
of the Fourth Congressional District's
delegates and found that his friends were
■'-. not sufficiently numerous therein to make
in certainty of his nomination in case his
name was presented to the convention as
a candidate. MeNab then announced his
intention to withdraw his name from the
list of prospective candidates, the fact of
this announcement being told exclusively
in yesterday's Call.
. When this became known Barry's
friends went to McNab and made the re
quest that if the Whispering Boss with-
drew his candidacy be should throw his
■strength to Barry. This McNab declined
to do as the fight between himself and
■ Barry for the nomination had been an
extremely bitter one. Barry then an
nounced his intention cf fighting McNab
on every proposition the latter advanced.
This morning: the latter sent for Bar
ry's- manapers and proposed to compro
mise. He said that he wished to receive
.ia vindication at the hands of his party,
. ©.rid in order to make it apparent to the
public that he had vindicated himself it
would be necessary for him to receive
the nomination for Confess in order that
he mipht decline to accept, thus proving
that he was not actuated by ulterior
■motives In his desire to be the boss of
the Democratic party. In order to re
ceive the nomination he would have to
receive a majority of the votes of the
district convention delegates, and In or
der to do this he proposed that Barry
Jond him sufficient support to Insure him
the nomination, he on his part promising
to decline the acceptance of the honor.
The nomination would then, of course, I
.. go to Barry. McXab would be vindicated !
and Barry win the nominatioon without
the trouble of a contest. This programme
waa faithfully carried out, and it may be
that there are a few delegates present j
here in Sacramento who are not aware
of the fact and who are now laboring
under the delusion that McNab is a« pure
as an anpel, and Barry a very lucky man.
The circumstance of Mayor Phelan's
fall from th<- hiph plane of political pur
ity was connected with the nomination of
the candidate for Associate Justice of the
me Court. Yesterday the Mayor
an ;i'!i]r<--ps V> the convention that
well received that there were
m.-my who then made the prediction that
he would four yf-ars from now be the
standard bearer of the Democratic party.
To-day he descended to the lower levels
qf political chicanery-, and as a result the
jirophoirr-s (,f yesterday are without pre
judice. The Mayor's undoing was due to
id, effort on the pan of the San Fran
elsco Examiner to force the convention
f» select Judge Jeremiah V. Coffey as Its
•jandidate for Supreme Judge. The Ex
aminer. forced him to enter into the fight,
and in !;ls efforts to Influence the conven
tion against its own will the Mayor re
■ ported to tactics that arc familiar to the
K:m Francisco Democrats who claim a
residence on the sunny side of Market
|tre<
11 defoliated aboni the floor of the con
vention hall, button-holed country dele
gates, cajoled, thfettw i and implored
• nnd finally rounded up the atun of his in
dignity by announcing •■< tb. npokesman
•of the San Francisco d.-i.  '... . that the
vote of the delegation was ir, ; for boffey
• aiul 1 for Judge Conley of Madera,
Beareely had be ceased to t-jn-ak when
eleven members of the convention aroM
from t.h'ir seats and announced that
' .their votes had been cast for Conley. The
vote of the delegation was therefore re-
COrded as 14?, for Coffey and 11 f< jr Con
ley—ami Mayor Phelan had never a word
'to say.
It is sometirres true that all signs fail
In a Democratic convention. For days
and weeks and months there have been
rumblings and mutterings and open de
nunciations of the fusion agreement, and
yesterday some of the Congressional Dis
trict conventions openly rebelled against
the proposed combination with the Peo
ple's party.
.So ominous were the signs that Chair
man Alford of the State Central Com
mittee, the most radical exponent of fu
sion in the convention, predicted that
there would likely be much trouble to
day when the fusion agreement came up
for recognition. But the anticipated
trouble did not eventuate. A diligent ap
plication of the whip over night served
to force the malcontents into line and
when the fusion agreement was placed
before the convention this morning it
was accepted without a murmur. The
spectacle of a Democratic convention
indorsing the nomination for Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of Judge
Walter S. Van Dyke, a radical silver Re
publican, who has in times past de
nounced the Democratic party as an or
ganization of thieves, robbers and politi
cal outcasts was extremely edifying. So
It went all along down the line of nom
inees, here a Republican and there a Pop
ulist, the whole of them swallowed at
one gulp by the convention.
Whether or not the Democrats are suffl-
ttly complaisant to cast their votes for
üblicans or Populists at the polls next
ember remains to be seen. It is cer
, however, that the dose of to-day
a very bitter one, and though no
is of protest were spoken the wry
s that were made attested the reluct
> with which the fusion mixture was
llowed.
its was a bad day for the San Fran
cisco Examiner. It put forward Judge
Coffey as a candidate and that Kentleman,
who has the respect and confidence of
men of all political parties, and who has
been forced into the position lie occupies
to-day by the would-be managers of the
California Democracy, was relegated to
the shelf.
Early in the day the yellow sheet was
held up before the eyes of thj assembled
delegates and branded as a purveyor of
lies. The man who was the instrument of
; the paper's humiliation and who had also
I been the victim of its maJipnlty was J.
:J. Dwyer of San Francisco. In order to
i so influence the minds and tne votes of
the delegation the paper had announced
j that Dwyer was a tool of Boss Rainey
and the originator of a ache ie to fur
ther the private interests of that alleged
manipulator of San Francisco politics.
Dwyer addressed the convention to a
point of personal privilege and denounced
! the statements in the paper as base false
i hoods and proved his assertion by a state
ment of facts backed up by evidence
1 that was not to be controverted.
The manner in which this convention
' has been conduct «\ is illustrated by an
; incident that occurred to-day, and which
i was brought out by the request that the
report of the committee on permanent
organization and order of business be re
ferred back to the committee for amend
i men t. It appears that when the report
of the committee was made yesterday and
before permanent organization was ef
fected a number of motions were made
which were confusing to Chairman Cas
stn whose knowledge of parliamentary
law is somewhat limited. The motions
that were put by him were put in such
a manner that the motion of the report
of the committee on permanent organi
zation and order of business was laid on
tiif tuble. This was not discovered until
this morning.
When the discovery was made, it was
realized that the convention had been
proceeding with business when, as a mat
ter of fact, it had no chairman, no secre
tary and no existence. The tim»ly amend
ment mad© thlß morning remedied thl«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
defect, and by great good luck the busi
ness transacted prior to the discovery of
the error was not of sufficient Importance
to render the invalidity of the proceed
ings of any great moment.
The details of the manner In which the
Examiner - McNab - Phelan contingent
Bought to force the nomination of Judge
Coffey are Interesting, as they make plain
the reasons why the delegates from tho
interior arrayed themselves successfully
against the delegations from the larger
cities. After the first ballot had been ta
ken, great pressure was brought to bear
upon the delegates from Alameda, Los
Angeles and San Francisco, to force them
into line for Coffey.
Los Angeles had on the first ballot vot
ed solid for Judge Hughes of San Diego,
and Alameda and San Francisco had
been split up between the various candi
dates.
The San Francisco delegation had been
pledged by the Examlner-McNab crowd
to almost every one of the candidates in
return for supoprt In seating the San
Francisco delegation. After the second
ballot had been taken the Los Angeles
delegation held a caucus. George S. Pat
ton, chairman of the delegation, started
that he was not In favor of changing the
vote from Judge Hughes to some other
candidate.
Senator White said that while he was
opposed to the unit rule it had been plac
ed on the delegation and it would have
to stand. A vote was taken and It was
decided to stand by Judge Hughes for
one more ballot. Before this ballot was
announced Judge Hughes released the
delegation and another caucus was herd.
Senator White announced that he was
In favor of having the vote of the dele
gation taken ,by roll call. He created a
sensation by stating that he had noticed
that within the past fifteen minutes every
railroad heeler he could see and whom he
had known for fifteen years was on the
floor fighting against Judge Coffey. This
statement had a decided effect and when
a vote was taken it was apparent ttiat
the pressure brought to bear by the Ex
aminer-McNab forces was having its ef
fect. _
When the "name erf Isidore B. Dock
weiler was reached that gentleman an
nounced that he desired to explain his
vote. John T. Gaffey made an objection,
but Dockweiler said: "Whether Mr. Gaf
fey desires it or not, I am going to ex
plain my vote. Three weeks before I was
elected a delegate to the convention I
pledged my support to Judge Conley.
Now Senator White comes forward with
a statement, or at least the intimation,
that the railroad company is Interesting
Itself in Conley's behalf. I have heard
enough of It. This railroad business is
making me very tired. 1 will cast my
vote and the two proxies which I hold for
Coffey. '"
When the result of the vote was an
nounced It was found that forty-two votes
had been cast for Coffey and thirty-eight
for Conley. The chairman was then in
structed to cast the eighty-one votes of
j the delegation for Coffey.
After the nomination of Ju.le"e Conley
had been made, a somewhat peculiar in
cident occurred. Mr. Dockweiler, who
had cast three votes for Coffey, walked
to the rear of the chairman's stand with
several friends. A discussion of the re
sult of the vote was entered into and Mr.
I Dockweiler was so affected that he ap
| peared to be upon the point of fainting.
j His friends succeeded in restoring him,
j but for a few moments the tears rolled
i down his cheeks and he appeared the pic
ture of despair.
While the third ballot was being taken
Mayor Phelan invited the San Francisco
delegation to caucus on the matter of
Judge Coffey'B nomination. They left
the convention hall with him and met in
the left wing of the building.
Mayor Phelan, speaking at considerable
length as to the strength Judge Coffey
would add to the ticket, Bald that he
thought It would only be paying him a
deserved compliment If he was given th«
entire vote of the delegation.
Gavin McNab strenuously objected to
any such course. "While I respect Judge
Coffey as highly as any other delegate
here," said he, "it is not fair or Just to
the other candidates from the Interior to
cast a solid block of 154 votes against
them. You must remember, gentlemen,
that the country helped us out in our
fight, and If It was not for the support
received from the country delegates we
would not be sitting in this convention to
day."
Walter Gallagher, Mayor Phelan and
W. F. Stafford argued against the stand
taken by McNab and said that Judge Cof
fey would materially aid Judge Magulro
In his candidacy. They said they were
unable to see any reason why the coun
try delegates should In any way feel of
fended if the city delegates saw fit to
throw all their strength to him.
"I, for one," said L. Reavy, "desire to
say right here that I am opposed to a
solid vote being cast. We have not any
unit rule, and the entire vote of the del
egation cannot be cast for any candidate
unless every delegate is satisfied."
"You will make a serious mistake," said
McNab, "if you throw the whole vote to
Judge Coffey on this ballot."
The majority would not listen to Mc-
Nab, and when the vote was cast they
w«re not long in discovering that McNab
4 ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
~l * rvA/^i/'r^ r F
\\\ — -=T^M 1 fWn^^JP f~ c V =>c Y 3 ■■■■■ B / X 1
v^illl/w^ i^ Us II I/Ihl
\ w^^^^fcJp4^=q)L k^d'f <*i° 111 flu I 1
IPWt»|i i rutiVLi
I\^^^kl /V^H P ' X IS WHAT THE MANU-' ■
li I IS! (V\\ \pH $ ± FACTURER HAD TO DO.
t^mWW 1 IHE1 HE HADTO SACRIFICE
Sif^K V/^^K I IWi S *** ■ 5 Entire Fall Stock.
11l I\\ \ \AW S $ Thafs What Overbuying Will Do.
\l\\Jmi\V' * * WHAT A TIIMRIF IN
%\MI I Ss p PUIfF^ TO=DAY!
l|jiPHj> 1| $ as illlwLj iUI/Al 1
N -^s^^fc 1^ -J\ \W ?■■"?■' r Window Display of These
r^ 9So ■ coo • Garments Tells the Rest.
NEVER " PICTURE
WILL SUCH . #^/^^P-, TO -
VALUES r\ >Tttj \r> 71 \r YOURSELF
YinnnnrYTnnrYYTnnmf - A \jj^¥ \l\ . ) jl TpnnnnfaimnrffTnnnr^Tnnmnf
f ? offered again— hand- J\ \j-/L |4lJ=v-\\\/ ZJ
507n-e Suite, such swell Over- j/f/i \^__^ r^W\ \ f\.kfißL The prettiest of new fall pat-
coats If the manufacturer W |S|/ A Urns in Suits, in new Fall
wasn't driven to the wall we v/J Waejf Wm \ hjmm X t ' •j.
wouldn't be in a position to offer \ r~ A W|{ Overcoats-then gaze into our
these values, and every one of YTtT— — j-W I W^W'k big corner window. The values
'em a gem of the tailor's art. |ll T7 i WillM will surprise you. Double that
HIS COST ' // I Ifeff price two months hencs; they're
Was never considered for aJ U |/^t v ' iW^Jm worth it.
moment Our opportunity is — J p-^^-H r If JBv Such opportunities don't oc-
YOURS. J I iw-lj HH
That's why these Suits and J\ — -~ "- *" ™ cur of ten.
Overcoats are TO-DAY 1 1/ For these Suits we say
A FEW LEFT '. ' . rr^KA, £\0
Of those Blue and Black Cheviot Suits and pretty plaids. m ~j^ 9 Cj\J
' .To-day will clean 'em up at. ... . . - .-. ..... . » » v -._^
— ' — — — •*■ ■
00000000000 o'o'o O O O oo ..^^^■•■■^^^ '• J^^ m^ Jt^^s
I ELECTRIC BLII SERGES. » *^^S^^ Ml^^M^ly\
o What New York swell dress- o S-S^W f^ y %^ / \^\
0 ers have sale to-day. ° JttlifWmH^^ t3ts KEARNY ST.
1 O.Y SALE TO-DAY KEARNY
0000000000000000000 •-* M m >ur _^ .
was right and that they had slaughtered
Judge Coffey.
Jere Coffey, a nephew of Judge Coffey,
was displeased at the action of the dele
gation. "I do not see why the managing
editor of the Examiner should put Judge
Coffey in this false light," said he, "for
If Judge Coffey wanted the nomination he
would have had his name placed in nom
ination in regular form. I am not certain
that he would accept the nomination if it
was given to him."
All of the efforts of the would-be bosses,
however, proved fruitless, for soon as it
became apparent to the country delegates
that the city delegates were combining to
force the nomination of Judge Coffey they
themselves entered into a combination,
the result of which brought the nomina
tion of Judge Conley by a handsome ma
jority, much to the discomfiture of the
Examiner's political bureau.
RECEPTION FOR MAGUIRE.
Silver Republicans Will Entertain
the Little Giant in San Fran
cisco Saturday.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. IS.— Amnng the active rann
who are to a greater or less extent mold-
Ing the action of this Democratic con
vention is Nathan Cole Jr. of Los Ange
les the Sliver Republican National Com
mltteeman from this State. Mr. Cole
has not appeared at the convention hall.
He has his headquarters at the State
House Hotel, and from that point exerts
his Influence.
Mr. Cole announces this evening that
Saturday night the administration com
mittee of the Silver Republican party will
tender a reception to Judge Magulre at
the California Hotel, in San Francisco.
All who desire to come will be invited,
but it is expected that the Silver Re
publicans will turn out In force.
On August 27 the Silver Republicans
will hold their State convention in Los
Angeles Mr. Cole thinks that 800 dele
gates will be in attendance. The duties
of that convention will be merely per
functory. They will simply indorse what
the Democratic and the Populist conven
tions have already done.
Democrats Name Dryden.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. Sacramento,
Aug. 18.— The Third Railroad Commission
District convention met after adjourn
ment and nominated J. L. Dryden of
San Diego Dryden was originally nom
inated by the Populists, and when that
party fused with the Democrats it was
pnrt of the programme that the Demo
crats also nomlnnte him.
Santa Cruz Unpledged.
SANTA CRT'Z, Aup. 18.-There woa un
usual interest In the Republican primaries
to-day, 194 votes being cast. Delegates to
tTie State convention elected from this
county, all of whom are unpledged are:
\vr Hoffmann, C. E. Lindsay. \V. H.
Oalbralth G P. Stanley. H. F. Kron. D.
H TroutVW.' H- Alken. J. J. Morey. D. F.
Maher and W. R. Porter.
San Benito For Flint
HOLLISTER. Aug. 18.— At a caucus of
the Republican party to-day the follow
ing delegates to the State convention
They were Pledged for Thomas Flint Jr.
for Governor.
Monterey's Choice.
_ . _ «n i, _ .1: „ 1,1 .^ nn«Vin»lfi<
SALINAS. AUR. 18.-wimu.r ti.uiuuiii.jr
states that Monterey County's delegation
to the Republican State convention at
Sacramento will support Thomas Flint Jr.
for Governor and R. L. Waters of Loa
Angeles for Congressman from the Sixth
District.
REPORT ON
THE FUSION
Democrats Get the
Offices of Most
Patronage.
Only One Plank Recommended,
That of Sixteen to
One.
The following •« the report of the fusion
committee:
Mr. President: Tour committee ap
pointed to confer with committees rep
resenting the People's and the Silver Re
publican parties on the question of the
union of parties, on the question of the
union of forces in this campaign, respect
fully report that at a conference of such
committees the agreement herewith sub
mitted was considered and adopted.
We find the representatives of the
People's and Silver Republican parties
in earnest in this fight, and from authori
tative reports received by them from the
various parts of the State, find that plan
of union contained in said agreement, if
ratlned by the Democratic State Con
vention, will be loyally supported by the
members of their respective parties. We
earnestly hope that in view of the great
issues at stake, and In view of the fact
that the three parties to this agreement
are in harmony on the essential prin
ciples upon which the perpetuity and the
success of our institutions depend, differ
ing only in non-essentials, this convention
will ratify this agreement and thus lay
the foundation for future success of the
principles held In common by the respec
tive parties to this agreement. Respect
fully submitted,
William H. Alford, George E. Cburch,
A. Camlnettl, Bart Burke, A. D. Lemon,
Joseph F. Walsh.
To the Democratic State Convention:
At a Joint meeting of the conference com
mittee of the Democratic, People s and
Silver Republican parties, appointed by
the State conventions of their respective
parties with a view of a^ectlng a union
of Silver and other reform forces in the
coming campaign it was agreed as fol
lows : . ,
First— That there shoui- be a union of
such parties and a united enort made to
secure economical government, the re
sumption of the free and unlimited coin
age of silver and gold at me present
legal ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for
the aid or consent of any other nation,
and the administration of public affairs
on the basis of honesty and "Equal rights
to all, special privileges to none."
Second— That we recommend such union
to be founded on mutual concessions as
follows:
The Silver Republican party to be con
ceded the nomination for one Justice of
the Supreme Court and the Clerk of the
Supreme Court; the People's party to be
conceded the nominations for Lieutenant |
Governor, Controller, Superintendent of
Public Instruction, member o. the Board
of Railroad Commissioners of the Third
District; the Democratic part" to be con
ceded the Governor, Secretary of State,
State Treasurer, Attorney General, Sur
veyor General, Superintendent of State
Printing, one Justice of the Supreme
Court, the members of the Board of
Railroad Commissioners for the First and
Second Districts, the members of the
Board of Equalization in the First, Sec
ond, Third and Fourth districts.
As to Congressional districts said com
mittees respectfuny recommend that the
People's party be conceded the nominees
for Congress in the First, Sixth and Sev
enth districts, and that the Democratic
party be conceded fhe nominees in the
Second. Third, Fourth and l.rth districts.
We further earnestly recommend that
a union of said forces be made wherever
§ossible in the various portions of the
tate on candidates for the Legislature,
county and local officers.
The Democratic State Convention Is
hereby notified that the Silver Repub
lican party and the People's party have,
In pursuance of the agreement heretofore
entered into, accepted and ratified the
foregoing basis of union, and have nom
inated candidates for the respective of
fices conceded to such parties.
On receiving notice of the ratification
of this agreement the Silver Republican
party and the Peopled party, through
their duly authorized agents for that pur
pose, are prepared to make all final ar
rangements for the carrying Into full ef
fect the foregoing agreement.
The respective committees to this
agreement, in view of the combination
of all corporate influences inimical to the
general welfare under the protecting
auspices of the Republican party, and
in view of the fact that the Silver and
reform forces of the couutry agree on
the paramount and political issues of the
day, and the success and application of
which in the government of the State
and nation are dearer to parties than vic
tory under any party name, hereby ap
peal to this convention and to all citi
zens not only to effect said union, but to
make it successful at the polls, to the
ends that in the coming contest In 1900,
under the banner of Bryan and Silver.
as now under the banner of Maguire and
Reform, we will all be found fighting
shoulder to shoulder In a common cause
for the uplifting of the masses to their
rightful place in government.
For the Democratic party: William H.
Alford, George E. Church, A. Caminetti.
Joseph F. Walsh. A. D. Lemon, Bart
Burke. 1_
For the People's party: A. L. Foreman,
W P Ntthcrton. John S. Dore, Bur
dette Connell. A. B. Kinne, Edgar S. Van
Meter. , _ ._
For the Silver Republican party: G. M.
Dixon, Sutherland Hutton. Nathan Cole
Jr F. J. Cooper, H. E. Wright.
HUGHES OF SAN DIEGO.
After Much Friction He Was
Nominated for Justice of the
Supreme Court.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. IS.— The Los An
geles county delegation during the morn-
Ing hour held another of lta memorable
caucuses to decide how the delegation
should vote for Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court.
A vote was had without much difficulty
or squabbling and It resulted as follows:
Judge Hughes of San Diego. 59; Judge
McKissick, 11; Judge Farnsworth, 2.
Just as the vote was announced, James
L. Gallagher of San Francisco appeared
on the scene and had a brief consultation
with M*. Dockweiler and Mr. Patton.
Mr. Dockweiler immediately appeared and
asked the caucus to delay action until
after lunch. His reasons he did not give,
but it was apparent that the Maguire
managers did not want Judge Hughes to
have the eighty-one votes of Los An
geleß County for the reason that they
wished to have the nomination come from
the northern part of the State. Judge
Van Dyke, the Sliver Republican nominee
MOTHERS, THESE ARE DAYS
When Money Talks and Yd \6B
Take a Tumble.
■^ -gijfl $5, $6 and $8
J%jfc*&G§^ Middy Suits,
fo^&&!xs£& new fall styles,
elegantly braid-
f elegantly braid-
ed. The same
%<l *A°L^^'- values in new
Sailors, in
•\IHI/L "* «£%/ rough twill che-
\>/n!*ffi{'. viots with in-
B ffl J laid collars.
Tj'WL There's the
Er Military Long
Pants Reefer Suit in blue ; swell
stuff, ladies, $5 to $8 values,
ages 3to 10 years. To-day at .
$3.35, t
When will you
BfH buy their like
again? Good
I^^^^W^^ solid ivinter
TsS^--&£ilia weight cheviots
ffepig~S^ and cassimercs
in pretty reef-
f* When will you
i buy their like
J again? Good
I solid xv inter
j weight cheviots
and cassim«res
in pretty reef-
% ers, in new win'
Ih . V^ ter cut, elegant-
I^Sl o(9 ly braided or
'] J soxot ached o n
\\\\t^W the deep sailor
wim'w collar ; buckle
WMr/f on knee pants,
JD&W suits that fit,
and made by
men tailors; worth $6 to $8,
ages sto 12 years. To-day at
a Just what the
cloth is worth.
\|||j|g*^|K^ They're im-
\*«Ri^^*rrv*2^ ported cheviots
v^~*£^V/^ti in pretty mix-
nj\"^^ ures and over-
W\, •;■ I r plaids, soli
\ ' [ colors as well,
"'% V' . ~t£ ' / all-wool suits
iiii%l -Ft worth &6 to $8,
|||Mt" \' T , fall winter
,'|||M \\J weights, many
V r|OBH» patterns to se-
, %T3JB lect from, for
your big boys,
X^. ages 9 to 16
years. Never will such values
be equaled again. To-day at
•
from Los Angeles, and Hughes of San
Diego as the second nominee, the ticket
as to the Supreme Bench would be geo
graphically uneven. This Mr. Gallagher
did not want to see. but despite his in
tervention, through Mr. Dockweller.
Judge Hughes was declared the choice of
the caucus, and Judge McKissick the sec
ond choice.
FOURTH EQUALIZATION.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento,
Aug. IS.— The Fourth Equalization Dis
trict convention met and elected W. H.
Alford chairman. N. M. Queirolo was
named as secretary. On the call of the
roll of counties five were found to be
without representation as foKows: Fres
no Inyo. Madera, San Mateo and Mono.
An' adjournment was then taken until to
morrow.
Scott of Livermore.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento,
Aug. IS.— The Second Equalization Dis
trict Convention met immediately after
adjournment to-night, with M. F. Tarpey
as chairman, and Seth Mann secretary.
H Dusterberry of Alameda nominated
Thomas Scott of Livermore for member
of the Board of Equalization from that
district, and he was unanimously elected.
The purity of election committee was
appointed and the convention adjourned.
BELIEF THAT AMERICA
WILL HOLD PHILIPPINES
Development of the New Eastern
Question Watched With Keen
Interest in Vienna.
LONDON. Aug. 19.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Times says: The de
velopment of the Philippine question
will be watched here with keen inter-
est. Circumstances appear to point to
the retention of the Islands by Amer
ica. The fact that Senator Davis, who
Is a public advocate of annexation, and
Secretary of State Day, a supporter of
the Hawaiian policy, are appointed
commissioners is regarded as indicat
ing that President McKlnley favors
their retention.
WALES A CRIPPLE FOR LIFE.
Eminent French Surgeon Expresses
His Opinion.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. Aug. 18.— Le Matin has inter
viewed Dr. Lucas Championniere as to
whether or not the Prince of Wales, in
his opinion, will remain lame. Dr. Cham
pionniere admits that he has only the
British Medical Journal to go by, but
he fears this phrase in it. "The Prince
may be able to walk without assistance,
though the member may remain some
what weak." really means that his
Royal Highness will be lame all his life.
The doctor thinks the Prince ought to
have been operated upon unless there was
organic reasons against it.
Idaho Bepublican State Ticket.
BOISE, Aug. 18.— The Republican
State convention to-day nominated A.
B Moss of Canyon County for Gov
ernor; Judge D. W. Standrod of Ban
nock, Supreme Judge; W. B. Heyburn
of Shoshone, Congressman; J. F. Hunt
c-f Bannock. Lieutenant Governor; R.
S Bragaw of Kootenai, Secretary of
State; J. H. Van Camp of Custer, Au
ditor; Frank T. Wyman of Ada, Attor
ney General; Miss Lucy Dean of Sho
shone, Superintendent of Schools; J. W.
Stoddard of Owyhee, Mine Inspector.
34
PYROTECHNICS AND ORATORY
STORY OF
THE JUDGE'S
WALKOVER
Dwyer Started the Elo=
quence and Then There
Was No Stopping It.
Throughout It All Not a Voice Was Audible
in Opposition to the Populists'
Nominee Maguire.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MBNTO, Aug. 18.— Shortly after 10 a. m.
to-day talking was renewed, along the
whole lino.
The oratorical engagement was opened
by J. J. L>\vyer. who spoke on a question
of personal privilege. "Time" was fre
quently called by impatient delegates,
who presumably desired an opening for
themselves.
Mr. Dwyer is an agreeable talker and
gained listeners as he proceeded to an
nounce that he had no desire to go out
of his way to advocate primary elections
for the purpose of consolidating the
Democratic party in San Francisco.
There is no room to doubt that J. G. Ma
guire Is very anxious for the restoration
of harmony in San Francisco, for Mr.
Dwyer did not hesitate to say that the
suggestion of primaries for the municipal
battle emanate.! from the Democratic
nominee for Governor.
Delegations appointed by the committee
of one hundred, governed by a whisper-
Ing boss, will answer for the making of a
State ticket, but in the opinion of J. G.
ilUfjuire the practice is not a good one
to carry into municipal politics. The poli
ticians of the Democratic" faith perceive
that it is necessary that something should
be done at once to arrest the defection of
Harney's followers and it is now pro
posed to give them local primaries since
they have been deprived of representa
tion.
Fusion talk followed the personal privi
lege. The plan of dividing the spoils of
office was ratified. The Silver Republi
cans get one Associate Justice and tne
Clerk of the Supreme Court. The Popu
lists get the Lieutenant Governor, Con
troller, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and the Railroad Commissioner from
the Third District. The rest of the fod
der goes to the Democratic crib. The
Populists surrendered all claim to candi
dates for the State Board of Equalization
and sent a message that they would in
dorse a Democrat in each district and
■would find it especially gratifying to rally
around R. H. Beamer's banner in the Sec
ond District.
The Congressional districts assigned to
the Populists are the First, Sixth and
Bt-vt nth. The Democrats take the Sec
ond, Third, Fourth and Fifth Congres
sional districts. This arrangement for
'•uplifting the masses" was satisfactory
to the convention, hence the report of
the fusion committee was adopted with
out expressed dissent.
Eugene Deuprey, who was in fine form, but
not in prime voice owing to the prolonged
engagement with the hosts of gab the day
before, desired that the convention should
go right along and put up a nominee for
Governor without waiting for the plat
form. No other inference could be drawn
from Deuprey' s remarks than that the
convention should indorse any platform
that J. G. Maguire proposed for the oc
casion. The convention went right along
with the Maguire programme — the rawest
programme- that was ever invented for
the uplifting of the masses.
Mr. Alford of Tulare, whose speech and
gesture had been carefully rehearsed,
went to the platform in good style. His
speech was full of fine "hrases. the key
notes of campaign oratory. A few of the
choice extracts were "Hell born." "filthy
slime" and "blackmailing press." He
borrowed from Shakespeare the tribute
paid by Antony to the character of Bru
tus and applied it with perversion to J.
G. Maguire. When Antony said that the
elements were so mixed in Brutus that
nature might say to all the world, "This
was a man," Colonel Brutus happened to
be dead in his tent. Maguire. will not be
politically dead until next November. Al
ford is premature if not polished.
Senator Stephen M. White made an ef
fective speech. Perhaps he had in mind
the "Hell born" allusions of Alford, for
he assured the delegates that he had not
"culled extracts of classic • quotation"
to embellish his eulogy of Judge Maguire.
Mr. White sought to inspire a patriotic
response when he recalled the heroic
achievements of the American troops at
Santiago and Manila, but he soon per
ceived that he was casting pearls of pa
triotism before McNabs and switched to
another line.
Judge Maguire was nominated by ris
ing acclamation. White, Alford and Phe
lan were detailed to escort Maguire to
the platform. Then some one whispered
to Chairman Cassin that the committee
on platform had not reported, and hence
for form's sake Maguire should not be
asked to accept before he had seen the
platform. Of course Cassin knew that
Mngi.iire had passed on the platform and
fixed everything on it to suit himself, but
it was thought to be indecent to expose
the fact to the people. The work of "up
lifting the masses" requires delicate fln
l*h. Anxiety as to the whereabouts of the
Slatform began to i,e felt, but the chair
ecided to go along with the nomination
of a ticket and candidates for Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court were an
nounced.
Mr. Leake of Tolo named Judge W. H.
Grant, drawing a picture of an intellect
ual giant with judicial attainments. Mr.
Butts of Sonoma named J. H. Seawell of
Mendocino. Judge Robert Ferral of San
Francisco, with a Placer proxy in hand,
unfurled the banner of General Jo Ham
ilton. Mr. Church of Fresno named Wil
liam M. Conley of Madora. Mr. Church
Bought to arouse enthusiasm for the
young judge of Madera by mentioning
the name of another young man—Hob
son, the hero of tho Merrimao. The ex
pected applause was not evoked, but the
mention of another young man's name
that of William J. Bryan, called out
hearty applause. The ratio of cheers be
tween Bryan and Hobson was sixteen to
,<\p In Bryan's favor. Frank Gould start
ed In to nominate EldridgeC. Farnsworth-,
but got mixed and eulogized Judge Con
ley, much to tho delight of the Conley
following. Walker C. Graves of San
Francisco named L. D. McKissick.
At this stag-? of the proceedings word
was received .that the platform designed
to "uplift tho masses" had been heard
from. Presently Seth Mann produced it
and It was adopted. Less than half of
the convention remained to hear It read
After the reading the convention fook a
recess until 3 o'clock.
Whon the convention reassembled this
telegram was read:
DT'LUTH. Minn.. An*. IS.— To Hon. C. M.
Cassln. Chairman Convention: Congratula
tions on mapnlllcent work of convention. Co
operation will r;irry California and aid cause
of people in whole country.
CHARLES A. TOWNB.
Planks were added to the platform In
favor of upholding the State University,
Improving the Sacramento River and in
dorsing the union labels of the allied
printing trades unions.
The first genuine outburst of applause
during th»' session now occurred.
Judge Maguirp. on his way to the plat
form, escorted by Senator White, Mayor
Phelan and Mr. Alford. was greeted with
cheers, the delegates rising to cheer.
Mayor Pr.elan was detailed to intro
duce the convention's nominee.
Mr. Maguire is at home on platforms
and thoroughly understands the art of >
j public speaking. His speech to-day was
below his usual standard. The audience
did not respond with any warmth to his
allusions concerning the achievement of
! American soldiers on land and sea in the
: war with Spain. He sought to explain his
! own record and that of his party on the
! war tax measure, but the effort was \in
: fortunate, as it excited neither sympathy
'. nor admiration. It is obvious to every
; observer that the getting of office by fu
• sion is the main purpose and thought of
this convention.
Edward L. Hutchison, the "Pop" nomi
nee fur Lieutenant Governor, now grafted
on the Democratic ticket, made an un
happy speech by casting reproach on
I Cleveland Democrats and calling them
worshipers of the golden calf.
If Maguire is elected It Is to be hoped
that he will live out his term.
The convention now proceeded to the
only work to date that had not been pro
| grammed for the delegates.
The roll call on the nomination for As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court was
begun. There were changes, conferences,
tumults, withdrawals, demonstrations of
anger, cries of protest and a succeession
of exciting scenes until the contest nar
rowed down to J. V. Coffey of San Fran
cisco and Conley of Madera. On the
fourth ballot Conley was Dominated, s. -
curing 493, as against 347 for Coffey. The
nominee was called to the platform and
acknowledged the compliment of the
nomination in a graceful speech.
The convention adjourned until evening.
The convention was called to order
again at 9:10, the chair announcing that
next In order was the nomination of a
candidate for Secretary of State.
A motion to pass that order carried.
Proceedings were suspended for twenty
minutes to await the arrival of delegates.
The chair then announced that nomin
ations for State Treasurer were In order.
Cabaniss of San Francisco named for the
office of Treasurer Charles Edelman of
Orange. In speaking of the candidate he
said he was one who served his country
as a sailor three years during the Civil
War. The honesty and capability of Mr.
Edelman were spoken of.
D. H. Arnold of Colusa presented the
name of Will S. Green, editor of the Co
lusa Sun and the incumbent of the office
of State Treasurer. Mr. Green's worth as
a man and his long services to the Dem
ocratic party were eulogized. Nomina
tions closed and Green was nominated,
receiving 440 votes. Edelman received 340
votes.
Edelman thanked the convention for the
support he received and moved that
Green's nomination be made unanimous
Carried.
For Attorney General Judge W. J. Cur
tis of San Bernardino named George B.
Cole of that county. Thomas B. Dozier of
Shasta placed in nomination H. P. An
drews of Red Bluff. The ballot resulted-
Andrews 497, Cole 284. Andrews was de
clared the nominee. The choice was
made unanimous.
Senator White directed attention to
omissions in the platform in reference
to the administration of Governor Budd,
and therefore moved that the following
be Inserted:
"Although the tax levies of the last
three years of his administration aggre
gated over $1,300,000 under the pledges of
the platform upon which he was elected,
the rate of taxation for 1896 was the low
est In the history of the State, and the
rates for 1597 and 1898 would have-been
still lower had not the assessed valua
tions of property in the State been de
creased."
Senator White's motion prevailed.
For Surveyor General Mr. McNalr of
San Francisco placed in nomination
George H. Rogers of Napa. Mr. Baker
of Modoc named Irving M. Mulholland
of Inyo. Mr. Leake of Yolo Inquired if
Mr. Rogers was not the nominee of the
Populist convention. Mr. McNair ex
plained that Mr. Rogers secured the
nomination of the Populists on the con
dition that he would get the Demo
cratic nomination. He was not a Popu
list and never would be. (Laughter an-]
confusion.) Rogers was called for and
went to the platform and spoke of hi 3
Democratic record for forty years. The
history of Democratic loyalty as related
by Rogers refreshed the convention. He
said that he would be a Jeftersonian
Democrat as long as he lived and noth
ing else. He got a great ovation.
Mr. Mulholland was called to the plat
form. He said he was a young man but
had always been a Democrat and would
remain a Democrat. The roh was called.
A roar of laughter was caused by Butte
voting 6 for Mulholland and 6 for "Santa
Claus." The Rogers resemblance to Santa
Claus was so striking that the convention
THE TALL AND THE SHORT MAN IN THE STATE HOLD-UP.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
caught the pleasantry at once. The bal
lot resulted: Rogers 280 Mulholland 503.
Mr. Mulholland was declared the nominee
of the convention.
For State Printer, Mr. Troy of Trinrty
placed In nomination John J. Curry of
San Francisco. Mr. Bonne of San Diego
placed in nomination R. Y. Mcßride of
Los Angeles.
P. M. Wellin of San Francisco desired
to ask a question.
"I want to know if Mr. Mcßride is a
union printer? A report has been circu
lated here that he is not."
Mr. Boone requested Mr. Rogers of
Los Angeles to reply to the question.
Earl Rogers of Los Angeles read tele
grams from the editor of the Labor World
and officers of the Typographical Union
of that city vouching for Mr. Mcßride's
loyalty to union principles.
Smith of San Francisco read the fol
lowing telegram:
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 18.— To "W. B.
Benolst, State House, Sacramento: Mc-
Bride does not employ union pressfeed
ers, bookbinders nor union pressmen in
his office here. See Patterson at State
office. W. M. HAWKINS,
Secretary L. A. T. U. No. 174.
Rogers replied that Mcßride did not em
ploy union bookbinders because he did
not bind books, nor did he employ union
press feeders because his presses were
self-feeding. This sally brought out a
laugh from the delegates.
J. R. Price of Colusa placed in nomina
tion Everi'tt J. Wooaman of Sacramento.
P. E. Zabola of Monterey named W. B.
Benoist of San Francisco. The baaot.re
sulted: Curry 16. Moßride 317. Woodman
418, Benoist 21. The chair declared Mr.
Woodman the choice of the convention.
The choice of Woodman was made unani
mous on motion of Mr. Rogers of Los
Angeles.
The convention was addressed by the
nominee, who indorsed the platform and
the ticket.
For Secretary of State, Raleigh Barcar
| placed in nomination R. A. Thompson of
| Sonoma, an able and distinguished Demo
crat. Mr. Thompson w.as nominated by
' acclamation.
Mr. Arnold of Colusa moved that the
thanks of the convention be given to all
the officers of the convention and the peo
ple of Sacramento.
On motion of Raleigh Barcar the
amended plan of organization for the
State Central Committee was adopted.
Mr. Van Meter of he law committee
was introduced to say something of im
portance to the convention. He said as
chairman of the law committee of the
fused organizations he would state that it
was necessary for all the district con
ventions to certify respectively of the
nominations made, and that each district
convention must appoint an auditive com
mittee of five. Incidentally h mentioned
that he used to train with Democrats.
When Cleveland took the party away
from Democratic principles he joined the
People's party. The convention coldly re
ceived the statement.
On motion of Mr. Gould the convention
at midnight adjourned sine die with three
cheers for the ticket.
PROCEEDINGS IN DETAIL.
Work of the Convention as It Was
Transacted During the Day.
Chairman Cassin called the convention
to order at 11 o'clock. The secretary an
lounced the meeting of the dllierent Con
gressional district conventions.
Mr. Dwyer of Alameda— Mr. Chairman
and gentlemen of the convention: I rise
this morning with the permission of the
chair to a question of personal privilege.
Gentlemen of the convention, I had re
solved, after taking up so much of your
time yesterday, and the question in which
I was particularly interested having been
settled by a vote of this convention, not
to trouble you any further with remarks
from me, and that is my resolution at
this time.
1 have no desire to Interfere in behalf
of any delegates by speeches or to dis
cuss any of the uestions of platform and
resolutions that come before you. I shall
not do so, but I crave the indulgence of
the convention for a few minutes only
to speak to a question of personal privi
lege, and I think when I have finished
my remarks that nobody present will have
the slightest reason to take any excep
tion to any of them. It is based, gen
tlemen, on an article that appeared in
the San Francisco Examiner. It reads as
follows; "Sacramento, Aug. 17. — A warn
ing was sent at an early hour this morn
ing to the friends of reform and decency
in the State convention to remain in Sac
ramento until the close of the session of
that body. J. J. Dwyer threatens to
present a minority report on the resolu
tion ordering primaries for the election
of delegates to the municipal and legisla
tive conventions in San Francisco and for
the election of a new county committee
to succeed the committee of 100. Rainey
and his messengers are active in instruct
ing their delegates to remain and assist
Dwyer in accomplishing the purpose of
the boss."
Now, gentlemen of the convention, this
article is founded upon a total misappre
hension of facts. They arise upon an in
cident that occurred at the close of the
convention yesterday afternbon when Mr
Wright of Los Angeles, who was the
chairman of th 1 committee on credentials!
but who upon his own responsibility, as
he stated, introduced a certain resolution
yesterday and asked for its immediate
consideration. The resolution provided
for the calling of primaries in San Fran
cisco for municipal and legislative nomi
nations. Mr. Wright stated at the time
that he offered the resolution on his own
responsibility and not as coming from the
committee on credentials. On motion of
Frank Gould of San Francisco that reso
lution was referred to tho committee on
platform and resolutions. Upon that
committee I had been named, as I was
informed last night, at the request of
Judge Maguire. I was so informed by
Judge Maguire himself. When it came
to appointing sub-committees, the chair
man of the committee, Seth Mann, ap
pointed mo without any solicitation on my
part, as onf of the seven upon San Fran
cisco organization. Never having shirked
any responsibility and not yet being will-
FOR SUPREME JUSTICE.
WILLIAM M. CONLEY, the Pooular Native Son, Gets
the Persimmon.
ing to do so, I assumed that I was se
lected, and consented to act upon that
committee. That committee met at 11
o'clock last night and remained in session
until 2:45 this morning. We had be
fore us quite a large number of speakers
to represent the committee of one hun
dred and we had one there who sjpoke on
his own responsibility, Frank J. Heney.
These things are preliminary to the
statement that I am not the orieinator
of the Wright resolution. Mr. Wright
will substantiate my remarks in that re
gard. I knew nothing about it. I am not
the father of it. I am not tne champion
of it, and I am not the supporter of it. I
was informed on the way from this con
vention yesterday afternoon that vie en
tire Los Angelas delegation— Bl votes
would be cast in favor of primaries in.
San Francisco for the municipal conven
tion. I was informed that Mr. Alford, one
of the principal supports and champions
of Judge Maguire throughout this cam
paign, was in favor of that proposition,
and so were his friends. I asked Mr. Al
ford on the platform this morning if it
was true that he was going to support
that proposition on the floor of this con
vention, and he snid it was true. •Mr.
Alford is here, or will be here soon, and if
necessary and called upon he will sub
stantiate that statement. This was yes
terday afternoon.
Matters were in that shape when the
committee met last night, and when the
arguments were made in behalf of allow
ing the committee to continue to do in
San Francisco exactly as it phased with
regard to the method of calling conven
tions. Ac the deliberations went on light
broke upon me that had not been present
in the early part of the evening, x saw
that, if I supported the proposition,
though it was in conformity with the po
sition tJtait l took yesterday here in favor
of primaries as the truly Democratic
method of representation, that I would be
totally misapprehended and perhaps mis
represented by some people who are not
as much interested in my welfare as I
am. Therefore at the conclusion of the
meeting at a quarter of 3 this morning In
the presence of Mr. Max Popper and Mr.
Samuel Braunhart, two of the chief
spokesmen of the convention last night,
and in the presence of Mr. Stith Mann,
the chairman of the committee on reso
lutions, of Mr. Joseph Leggett, a member
of the committee on resolutions, and of
Mr. Ben Maddnx, the chairman of the
committee on San Francisco organization \
—all of these, mind you, good friends and [
personal champions of Judge Maguire — I j
made the deliberate statement in these
words: "Gentlemen of this committee,
this proposition contained in the Wright
resolution is not my proposition. It Is not
a proposition of my friends. Tt is a prop
osition of those who were engaged in the !
fight yesterday to give the San r rancisoo !
delegation one-half of the vote. I want
all of you now to understand and I want
the gentlemen from the committee of 100 i
to tell their friends and go to them and j
say that I personally will not support the \
proposition of reopening any question of ■
San Francisco organisation uniesa Judge :
Maguire affirmatively accepts that prop
osition. [Applause.]
If Judge Maguire will come out In favor
of San Francisco primaries, that is one
thing that would have a great influence
upon my action, but if Judge Mugulre per
sonally and affirmatively will not come
out and make the fight in the open in
favor of San Francisco primaries, I will
be entirely opposed to reopening any
question settled by this convention, and
I personally will be opposed to primaries
In San Francisco. If he remnins silent
I will take the same position. I wanted
to clear my skirts; I did not want the re
sponsibility of botng charged, if anything
went wrong In November, with having j
mixed up the politics of San Francisco
and continued fights that are supposed to j
have been settled here yesterday. I am i
satisfied personally with the decision of
this convention upon that question for
the guidance of my political conduct in
this campaign just as much and to exact
ly the same extent as I will be satisfied
with the nominations put up by this con
vention. (Applause).
Now, gentlemen of the convention, I
want it understood that I am not throw
ing so much as a straw in the way of
the committee of 100 in San Francisco to
control and direct the organization of
the San Francisco Democracy for this
campaign in any manner in which their
judgment dictates. I have not done it
since the vote yesterday in any way,
shape or form. The only reason that
proposition was entertained at all was be
cause the friends of Judge Maguire in
San Francisco and outside of San Fran
cisco came to me and told me that they
thought that would consolidate the forces
of Democracy and insure the election of
Judge MaerJire :in<l Mr. Patton of Los
Angeles. Mr. Gaffey of Los Angeles and
others, all prominent members of that
delegation, told me that one of the chief
reasons that influenced u*e solid eighty
one votes to go in favor of the committee
of 100 yesterday was that there was either
an expressed, or perhaps more properly,
an Implied condition that after that was
accomplished they would then come out in
favor of primaries for the municipal con
vention in San Francisco. Now gentle
men, you understand my position. I am
out of that fight altogether. I am op
posed to opening wounds and rehashing
rights that have been settled. I won't do
it. If J'idge Maguire wants primaries in
San Francisco, If he thinks it Is neces
sary to the State ticket, he will come
out in the open and demand them and
then I will determine what my position in
that regard shall be. (Applause).
But until that is done, gentlemen, I am
opposed to reopening these questions, and
I pledge you my woru of hono^ that no
act of mine, now or until after election
day. shall contribute to interfere in the
slightest degree wit"h the control of the
San Francesco Democracy by the commit
tee of 100 to pursue their methods Mtactly
as their best judgment dictates). /
THE REPORT ON flg^N.
It was moved and seconded that the
plan of organization of the MI ate Central
Committee be taken from^the table and
referred back to the committee for
amendment. This motion was made at
the request of the committee. The chair—
If there" is no objection it will be so or-,
dered. There being none, that will be the
order. The first order of business is the
reading of the report of the fusion com
mittee and action thereon.
Mr. Alford— Mr. Chairman and gentle
men of the convention: Before reading
the report of the fusion committee, ana
in accordance with the suggestion con
tained in the report of the committee on
organization and order of business, I
wish to make a statement, so as to give
the gentlemen of this convention all the
information I have relating to the history
of the proposed fusion or proposed union
in this campaign. At a meeting of the
Democratic State Central Committee, by
an almost unanimous vote of that com
mittee a committee was appointed for
the purpose, as contained in the resolu
tion and motion, of going to Sacramento I
to attend the Populist convention, which
was In session at that time, and arrang
ing a union between the Democratic
party and Silver Republicans and Popu
list party, if it could be done upon just
lines. I was a member of that commit
tee, and was elected chairman of It. We
came to Sacramento and met the Popu
lists here. The Populist party has been
placed in this position: Their State Cen
tral Committee, as It existed, was op
posed to fusion, or, at least, there were
enough members of that committee op
posed to fusion to force the convention
upon them at an earlier date than the
Democratic committee could, with con
sistency, call this convention. Therefore,
when the Populist convention met It
found that the majority of the conven
tion delegates made up from people in
these important positions, x have the
the Populist party were opposed to the
majority of their committee. They fa
vored -fusion, and as a result of that,
that party, without waiting for the re
port of any committee on fusion, and
stating specifically that thoy did not want
to force on the Democratic convention
any candidate for Governor, were will
ing under the distribution to allow this
convention to select its own candidate
for Governor, but anticipating, as all
si-nsible men anticipated who knew any
thing about the political conditions in this
State, the nomination of James G. Ma
guire, they nominated him for Governor
at that time. (Applause.)
We met their conference committee and
agreed upon the line which is contained
in the renort here. We told them distinct
ly that we had no authority to bind this
convention and they understood it. We
simply Dledged them under the direction
of the Democratic organization, as it was
stated in the State Central Committee, to
give them our moral support as a com
mittee in this convention to carry out
that principle. They aett-d upon the good
faith which they believed we stood in at
-that time and upon our promise as the
representatives of the Democratic organ
ization in the State Central Committee
acting upon it, nominated their officers
and took the resignation of the members
they expojcted under the agreement were
to come down in case this convention rat
ified that agreement. Here to-day is a
committee both l'rum the Sllv< r Republi
can and Populist parties, vestal with full
power to act in this matter and to ratify
their agreement and to nominate that
portion of the Democratic ticket which
has been distributed to this convention
according to the agreement if the agree
ment is adopted. I will read the report.
Mr. Alford then read the renort, which
is published elsewhere in these columns.
The report and the agreement were
adopted without discussion.
Mr. Deuprey— What is the next order of
business. Mr. Chairman?
The Chair— The next order of business
is the report of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
Deuprey— What is after that?
The Chair— The next in order la the
nomination of the different officers. What
is the pleasure of the convention?
Mr. Deuprey— l desire to submit to the
chairman's consideration and probably
ask the support of this convention in the
direction of such ruling as he may make
in the premises that we may save time
here by passing to the order of business
the nomination of candidates for office.
These candidates* are not called upon to
accept the nomination or indorse the plat
form until such time as they are notified
of the nomination and they are brought
here for the purpose of indorsing the
platform. It has been suggested to me
this morning by the gentleman whom I
believe will be your candidate for Gov
ernor that we should proceed with the
nomination of candidates for each office
without any interim for the purpose oj
obtaining or accepting speeches of any
of those nominees or the indorsement of
the platform; that In that way vre can
complete our ticket, and then if there are
those delegates who are absolutely re
quired by reason of business engagements
to bo absent they may not be held here
on that account; and I take it that it will
expedite matters and we will not interfere
with the proper procedure in the prem
ises. [Applause.]
Mr. Chairman. T now move you, sir,
that we pass to the new order of business,
to-wit* the nomination of candidates for
Governor of the State of California. The
Indorsement of the platform can be ob
tained later.
The motion was seconded and carried.
The Chair— Nominations for Governor
are now in order.
MACIIIRF'S NOMINATION.
William H. Alford of Tulare went for
ward to the platform and made an ad
dress nominating James G. Maguire for
Governor.
SENATOR WHITE'S EULOGY.
Mr Alford was followed by United
States Senator Stephen M. White, who
seconded the nomination.
Three cheers were proposed for Hon.
Stephen M. White and were given with a
will. It was moved and seconded that the
nominations for Governor be now closed
and that the nomination of James G. Ma
guire be declared by a rising vote. The
nv»*iorv was seconded and carried amidst
great enthusiasm.
The Chair— Gentlemen. I declare James
G Maguire nominated as the candidate
of the Democratic party of the State of
California for the office of Governor. I
will appoint Senator White and William
H Alrord and Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco as a committee to notify James
G. Maguire of his nomination.
FOR THE SUPREME COURT.
We will now proceed with the next or
der of business, which is the nomination
of one Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court, while we are waiting for the com-
mittee.
Mr. I)euprey — Mr. Chairman and gen- |
tlemen of this convention, we have now
arrived at that point in the order of our
business for the nomination of candidate?
for the Supreme Bench of the State of
California, and I submit to you that the
one who should receive under any of
these circumstances at this convention
your voice of approval In the way of
"nomination for Associate Justice should
be possessed of the very highest qualifi
cations of educational attainment; he
should be possessed of a sound
body and a sound mind; he should
be possessed of unquestioned in
tegrity. As one of the leading jurists of
thia State asserted to me only the other
day, the position of Associate Justice of,
the Supreme Court of the State is really
of more importance than the position of
Governor in the State. You must remem
ber that the tribunal of last resort of this
State must pass upon the great constitu
tional questions that are constantly aris
ing by- reason of contests that will come
up as they have presented themselves in
the past, .and these propositions must be
dealt with by men whose legal attain
ments are of such a character and so
complete that when the decision is given
there shall be no possible chance of criti
cism or reversals. Your property rights,
your personal rights, your liberty and
your lives are placed in the poaeession of
those who shall finally determine in the
tribunal of last resort what the nature
and character of the protesting interests
shall be.
Pause then before you come to a con
clusion as to whom you will nominate for
has it been said by my eloquent friend,
honor to submit to this convention the
name of one whom I believe is in every
manner worthy of your consideration. Ha
was educated at the Richmond College,
founded by Thomas Jefferson, and he
came fully equipped for the study of his
profession by the education necessary to
cope with the problems that would be
presented to him. He, in l!</9, was ad
mitted to the practice of his profession,
and ever since he has been actively en
gaged therein, until in San Diego County
two years ago they saw fit, in a Repub
lican county, to elect him to the Superior
bench, which he has graced ever since,
and to whicn he has been a great honor,
not only to himself, but to the position
which he has occupied and the manner in
which he has acquitted himself in the
execution of the duties that were before
him.
I would submit to you that, as I am In
formed, to all of the members of the pro
fession in the southern portion of the
State as well as those from all portions of
California who have had the opportunity
to appear before him, hg has given the
greatest satisfaction; his integrity has
never been questioned, and his learning is
acknowledged. I now nominate as As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of
this great State of California John W.
Hughes, Judge of the Superior Court of
San Diego County. (Applause and cheers.)
The Chair— John W. Hughes has been
placed in nomination for the office of As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court. Do
JUDGE GRANT NOMINATED.
Edward E. Leake of Yolo— Mr. Chair
man and gentlemen of the convention: I
present to the Democratic b^ate conven
tion of California to-day, for its consid
eration, as a candidate for Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court the name of
Judge W. H. Grant of Yolo County. From
a long personal acquaintance and close
and intimate contact with that gentleman,
I have had unusual opportunities for ob
serving his habits; his inclination of judgr
ing character; his ability and his integ
rity. As a result I have been profound
ly impressed with the idea that he is pos
sessed in an eminent degree of the quali
fications necessary to enable him to dis
charge with ability, with impartiality and
with wise discrimination, all the duties
and the responsibilities belonging to the
exalted position to which he aspires.
During a term of six years upon the
Superior bench of Yolo County his ser
vices were of such high order, his ability
and his legal attainment were so gener
ally recognized, his strong intellectuality
and his unswering integrity were so firm
ly impressed upon his constituents that
they predict there is no eminence in his
great profession to which he may not rea
sonably aspire.
Judge Grant is a hard worker, a pro
found and logical thinker, a faithful and
an efficient public servant in every posi
tion which he has been called to fill in
Yolo County. His decisions during his
term of office bore evidence of unremit
ting labor, of careful research and pa
tient application. He weighed with great
care every argument advanced, and ap
pealing to his reason before arriving at a
decision. When once that decision was
reached It was almost invariably sustain
ed by the highest judicial tribunal of this
State. Judge Grant's mind is a store
tfcouse of that useful information that la
so essential as the basis of an exalted
judicial lecturer. While he has been
original in thought and in idea and is
commendably Independent in marking out
his own line of action, he also has been
skillful in the utilization and adaptation
of ideas and principles that have emanated
from others. He possesses elements of
strength that Bhould apeal to the Demo
cratic party of California. He possesses
all the energy and enthusiasm of youth;
all the culture of education; all the learn
ing of a lawyer; all the wisdom and ex
perience of a judge; all the ability of a
statesman; all the convictions of a loyal
and consistent Democrat, and, better than
all, an honesty of purpose and a close
sympathy with the people. He also pos
sesses the prestige of hailing from a
county that has ever been and will ever
be one of the strongest pillars of that
glorious superstructure of California
Democracy.
Gentlemen of this convention, whether
you shall nominate Judge Grant or not,
Yolo County will remain loyal to her tra
ctions, loyal to the old faith, loyal to i
the Democratic party, but, with his name i
upon the ticket we of the Sacramento
Valley will feel Inspired to strive for
Democratic victory with an enthusiasm
and determination we have never before
felt. (Applause.)
The Chair— Judge W. H. Grant has been
placed in nomination. Are there any
other nominations?
Mr. Butts of Sonoma— Mr. Chairman
klfl -Mm
ajj| m^ \ ▼ jffl
Try what? "Hudyan." You arm
puny. You know that. "Hudyan" 19
for puny men. It does puny men good.
It gives them that feeling of vitality
that youth knows. It is to be had by all t
the weak men of the earth. "Hudyan"
has made big men out of 20,000 weak
men. It is the one thing that touches
the RIGHT spot. No matter whether*
your heart is weak, your liver out of
order or other organs of your body
unfit to perform its proper functions,
"Hudyan" makes up for its weak .
state. Surely you can try it. Testi-
mony as to what it has done for all
these men is cheerfully sent you. Why
not have it? It will cost you nothing
to , learn ■■ about "Hudyan." Ask for
free medical advice, too, if you feel you
need it. Remember you are not asked
to pay one cent for the advice, or thm
testimony. Call if you can. '
BUDSONi||JICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS,,
;.r- 'San Franc Cal.
. ,-..,!'*."' ■ *-
- If beauty Is only skin deep, we can make you
beautiful. ' Dermatologist JOHN .H. WOOD.
BVRY, 127 Went Forty-second . at., New York,
has had 26 years' practical experience treating
the »kln. Use Woodbury*B Facial Soap, Fa-.
clal i Cream, - Facial Powder : and Dental ; Qntm
tor the akin and complexion. ;r '.•.-/■-"-■" -^~^•.and members' of this convention: Well
•Mr. Deuprcy, that we are about to pro
,-ceed with the nomination of a candidate
for one of the most important offices
■uithui the gift of the people. "Well, too,
.-.did he say that the property rights of the
.citizen, the liberty, aye more, the very life
• • Itself of some of our citizens— will be
committed to the safe keeping and to the
.wise decision of the court of which the
nominee we- name here will be a mem
ber after the next election. Gentlemen,
•.the man whom we select for that posi
" tion should be a man that has all the
• Courage of a gladiator; he should have
.the learning of the sages; he should have
• the integrity of the just. Gentlemen, I
appear before you, and it is my high
. pleasure, an honor, to place before you
•a gentleman whom the people of North
■ em California believe to possess all these
.•qualifications. Gentlemen, I have the
: honor to present before this convention a
man who has been before the people of
the. State of California before, who had
the honor of representing you in the halls
of your Legislature for two years in the
-.lower house, and who had the honor of
•being State Senator from Mendocino
• County for eight years, and during all
."that time no man in the State of Cali
fornia can say that John Henry Seawell
. ' was anything but a true and loyal sup
• porter of the people. (Applause and
• cheers.)
:. Gentlemen, we have heard much elo
••■quenoe upon this platform about what
'.we expected «nd what we do expect to
accomplish by the election of that great
• standard-bearer, James G. Maguire; but,
•friends, Maguire, however much he may
•be In sympathy with the people, cannot
."accomplish everything unless he has be
• hind him to sustain the righteous and
• upright laws a wise, honorable and fear
less judiciary. Gentlemen. I come from
the northern district of this State. Thus
far we have had no representation upon
. • a committee of this convention. We have
had no recognition upon anything of that
kind. While we remain loyal to the par
ty we must remember that the nom
. inees of this convention are to be elect
ed. The fight that they have here upon
this floor— we have seen that there has
been a struggle should now be
wiped out.
'.It is the duty of the minority of this
convention in Democratic style to yield
to the wishes and the voice of the major
■ ity. It is our duty now to lay down the
battle ax and shako hands across the
bloody chasm. J-et us go out from this
I - convention united in heart with a united
front to me enemy and let us place upon
our ticket men that will lead the party
to triumph upon the ides of next Novem
ber. Mr Seawell. by his upright conduct,
has endeared himself to the hearts of the
people of Northern California to such an
' extent that when the conventions met in
•Sonoma, in Mendocino and in other coun
• .ties they pledged their delegates to come
. to this convention and to vote first, last
. and all the time for Mr. Seawell for Gov
ernor of the State of California. \\ hen
lie came here, when he saw that the de
sire of the people here was to place at
the head of the standard of the Demo
•'• cratic ticket that statesman. James G.
: . .Maguire. he withdrew his name from that
' 'contest and he has consented that we
"now place him in nomination for the of
;' fice of Associate Justice of the Supreme
• -Court of the State of California. Gen
■ tJenren if you will place him upon that
.. ticket I promise you that the First Con
• ■ gressional District and the counties of
■ that district will give to the ticket such
": a support and such a Democratic victory
■ 'that you will all be nroud when you shall
. have heard the returns upon the ides of
: -next November. Gentlemen, I thank you.
' [Applause.] , ,
•;"• The Chair— Gentlemen of the conven
: .tion John H. Seawell has been placed in
.'• nomination for Justice of the Supreme
: . Judge Robert Ferral — Mr. Chairman
- and gentlemen of the convention: I have
..•been made a delegate from Placer Coun
: = ty. > Shifted my location a little but to
;• perform a very pleasant duty. I desire
"to place a gentleman in nomination for
■ the high and important position of Jus
'• tien of the Supreme Court, and I Join with
•.nil the gentlemen who have preceded me
, In recognizing that the position is fully
■ the equal in importance to that of Gov
• ernor of the State of California. I am
■ one of those who believe that the liberties
• of this country are more in danger by
Corrupt Judges and by corporation Juderes
' .than from any other source or any other
quarter. (Applause.) And for that rea
e<in I recognize the paramount impor
•'• tan.cc of being extremely careful in the
, selection of our men. It can be paid of
the gentleman whom I shall nominate.
' Tis it has been said of Judge James G.
■ >i.-iri:.re. that he really needs no, pint
form. His record is his • platform.
' JUs li.V and his character are known
' throughout th» State fit <'n>ffoi-nia, rrrlt
,■l.l:l !r. plowing characters for the State.
■. tho pwpip and the Democratic party. I
■ shall name one of- whom it can be said:
: while still flushed with the vigor of man
. honii. he might b» called, as George
Washington is called, the father of his
' country. The gentleman I; shall name
-.might properly and truthfully be called
'•'the father of the Democracy of the State
;. hf California. I name General Jo Ham
-.tfton for Supreme Judge. (Applause.)
■ ■' I. do not know much as to the Import
ance , of- selecting candidates in certain
districts and counties, but I want to say
thfs: ■ That particular ■ portion of the
State where General Hamilton lives has
hal little if any recognition. He lives. It
'. Is- true, in a Republican county, but I
• never cease to honor and venerate the
•New England Democrat who, although
■*the clouds are -lowering over him. has
•.year after year fought tne battles of the
'. country, -and I honor the man of Placer
•■■ County who year after year has fought
beneath the Democratic, standard, even
when success was almost Impossible. I
•'say to you here to-day, that General
:'-. Hamilton has all that education can give
him; that legal training can give him.
' He served the State for eight years as
■•Attorney General, thrown in constant
■ communication and contact with the Su
■ preme Court; that by experience, by abil
ity, by character, by the record that he
■ ■ has made, he wouh. prove a true, faithful
' and- distinguished Justice. I hope and
' .trust you will give him your kind and
■ ; favorable consideration. I have seen him
In the past, aye, and in the present, too,
'.' when the -Democratic banner went down
•• in dust and defeat, I have seen that old
■• jhan eloquent lift that banner tip; press
• It to his heart and go forth to battle and
• firing victory to It. There is not a county
~ In the State" where his 'eloquent .voice has
■ not been heard.- Gentlemen of this con
>'' V entlon ' Vf>u have been nurtils to the elo
• fluent Democratic teachings of General
:Jo Hamilton.. Nominate him. You will
■ never have reason to blush for the vote
'' that" you' east In his favor: (Apnlause).
•'•" The" * Chair-Gentlemen: General Jo
: 1 Hamilton has been placed in nomination
SENATOR WHITE EULOGIZING HIS FRIEND. MAGUIRE
for the office of Supreme Justice of the
State of California,
FUSION NOMINEES.
Hon. Stephen M. White— Mr. Chair
man, before going any further, it appears
to me from an examination of the rec
ord here that a possible complication
might ensue, or at least some criticism
be hereafter made, and I rise for the pur
pose of having the record put in a clear
condition. There was a report adopted
to-day called a report with reference to
fusion. In that report, which was adopt
ed, as I have said, by this convention,
the Justice of the Supreme Court and
Clerk of the Supreme Court were ratified
under the nomination made by the Silver
Republican party and the Lieutenant
Governor, Controller and Superintendent
of Public Instruction nominated by the
People's party, were also ratified, but
neither nominee was named, and, as far
as the record now shows, there is a sim
ple blank with reference to this subject.
To clear the matter from all doubt, be
fore there is any vote upon the subject
of Supreme Judge, and to relieve the sit
uation from any entanglement. I move
that Walter S. Vandyke is hereby nom
inated for Justice of the Supreme Court
of the State of California; that H. A.
McCraney is hereby nominated for
Clerk of the Supreme Court of the State
of California; that Edwin 1.. Hutchinson
is hereby nominated for Lieutenant Gov
ernor of the State of California; that F.
W. Maples is hereby nominated for Con
troller of the State of Califorla; that
Christian Runckel is hereby nominated
for Superintendent of Public Instruction
of the State of California.
There is also a nomination regarding
the Third District Railroad Convention
over which, of course, this convention
has no present jurisdiction. I make this
motion in accordance with a resolution
you have adopted and to make the rec
ord spenk for itself. The motion was sec
onded and passed, and the chair declared
the gentlemen named in the motion as
the nominees for the different offices
named. Mr. Ford of Nevada, in a short
speech, seconded the nomination of Gen
eral Jo Hamilton.
Mr. Church of Fresno— Mr. Chairman
and gentlemen of the convention: You
will observe by the badge I wear that 1
come from the glowing interior of this
great State, and we from that portion
of the State have a candidate whom we
are going to present for your considera
tion, and we ask from you for a moment
a most patient hearing. One thing is
settled, whatever this convention may do
during the remainder of its session— it is
settled in the minds of every one of us,
if not in the mlnda of our opponents as
well— that James G. Maguire is to be the
next Governor of the State of Califor
nia. (Prolonged applause and cheers i.
His peculiar fitness for the duties of that
exalted station has long and univer
sally been known and recognized. Long
before this convention met, long before
this convention was thought of the peo
ple of the State of California had mark
ed J. G. Maguire for their own. They
demanded a man, and they secured him
for their leader, who is no politician in
the mere low cunning sense of that term,
but a statesman of large experience, a
man of wide knowledge, a man of great
judgment, and a man whom they can
trust and who has always been trust
worthy. He— this large-minded man—
this nature's nobleman, genial, pleasant,
human-hearted, kind-hearted, large-soul-
I ed and large-brained — is now our leader,
our Ideal leader, and above all things
we want to see him elected Governor of
the State of California. We bring to you
the name of a man whom we are con
fident if you will select and place that
name 'upon the ticket with him will not
weaken that ticket, but will give it
strength from one end of this great State
to the other. It is the name of the gal
lant, of the splendid, of the superb Judge
of Madera County, Judge William N.
Conley. (Applause and cheers).
We "ask from you a support of him.
Now. gentlemen, I shall detain you bare
ly a moment. I shall indulge in no hack
neyed phrases with regard to this Judge.
such as are customary on occasions like
this I shall not tell you that he is a man
learned in law. The Supreme Court of
the State of California in reviewing his
decisions have already repeatedly said
that. I shall not tell you that he is a
mnn above all others, or equal to all
others in weighing conflicting opinions.
In sifting evidence. In going straight to
the heart of the difficult controversy, and
of always leaning to the side of justice.
Every lawyer and every citizen that has
hid a case in his court or knows any
thing about him knows that all these
things are true. I come directly to the
one great objection and most serious ob
jection that Is made against the candida
cy of Judge Conley. I acknowledge to
v'ou frankly here and now that when that
objection was first made I did not and
even vet do not exactly know how to
meet it. All admitted and recognized his
fitness his fearlessness as a Judge, his
honesty, his candor, his capacity, his
ability, his popularity; but the one great
objection made to him is that he is a
young man,. and that is all. It Is true,
gentlemen, that Judge Conley is a young
man. He Is not yet quite 33 years of age.
and that, I suppose, is young. But I re
member when a boy that I h*ard a poem
that ran something like this: At ten a
child; at twenty wild; at thirty wise if
ever; at forty rich; at fifty fat; at sixty
good or never. (Laughter.) Judge Con
ley then, has reached the age of 30,
which, if this poem Is worth anything, is
the ape of wisdom, and wisdom Is what
we wrnt upon the Supreme Bench of the
State of California. But. gentlemen of
this convention, is a man to be con
demned because he is young? Did not the
Democrats of the Second District of the
State of California— the Second Congres
sional District— name for Its standard
bearer two years ago a man much young
er than Judge Conley, the Honorable Ma
rion de Vries (Applause and cheers), and
has he not fulfilled the duties of that ex
alted position with such distinguished
ability, with such marked vitality, that
the. democrats of that distriot have re
warded him again with a unanimous
nomination. I stood the other night with
5000 people In the great Metropolitan
Opera House in New York City and I saw
standing upon that platform a young
man superb In his personal appearance,
magnificent in his manner, his lips
touched with a coal of fire from the very
altar of eloquence; a young man who had
done more, perhaps, with one or two ex
ceptions, to make this great country of
ours glorious and famous in the war
through wh'ieh we have just passed, than
any other from the President down— that
young man was Lieutenant Hobson (ap
plause and cheers), the glorious hero of
the Merrtmac.
I thought in the presence of such a
young man an that will any part of the
groat American people, In the face of
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALI,, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
his deeds, ever object to a young man i
again. Is it not a stranger thing that a ;
Democrat should object to a young man,
when only two years ago we nominated a
man not "much older than Conley for the
exalted station of President of the Lnlted
States, the most superb, the most glori
ous leader that ever led the great politi
cal party into battle. Two years from
to-day we stand ready to repeat that deed
and name once more for our standard
bearer that magnificent young man. \\ 11
11 am J. Bryan of Nebraska. (Applause
and cheers.) With such facts as these to
confront us. with a history to look back
upon like this, I am sure v.at this one .
objection, the only objection that can be ,
made, the only objection that any one
dare make to the peculiar fitness, to the
remarkable fitness of William M. I onley
for a place upon the Supreme bench or ;
this State, must fall to the ground. AN ith
one other remark I shall leave you and
leave his name for your consideration, ;
and that remark is this: Nearly four |
years ago he was renominated for the i
position that he occupies on the bench
upon the ticket led by the , brilliant Gov
ernor of the State of California. He led
even the remarkable vote of Governor
Budd by 400, and he led all others by
nearly GOO in the county where he lived.
There Is no man in that part of the State
so popular. There is no man there bo
deserving. There is no man there or any
where that has made a better or a
cleaner record as Judge of any Superior
Court of this State. When you reflect
that the great valley of the San Joaquln.
that large and- growing portion <>f this
State has never, with all its litigation,
had a representative upon the Supreme
Bench of the State of California, we
think you will say and agree with us
that it Is time that it did have and that
Judge Conley is exactly the man. (Ap-
P The chair— Gentlemen, Judge "W. M.
Conley of Madera has been placed in
nomination for Judge of the Supreme
Frank Gould— Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of the convention: It Is always
a pleasure to talk about a good man.
artd I presume that it Is always a pleas
ur'J- to .listen to things about a good man.
i delegate— Not 100 long.
Mr -'Kjuld— Not too long, the gentleman
tells rh and I will assure you that I
will not talk too long. I will talk as long
as you wi I listen to me and then I will
stop • I want to talk to you about a man
who Is a candidate for the Supreme
Bench He lives in Tul&re County and his
name is Eldridge C. Farnsworth. (Ap
plause). You have seen him about the
halls of this convention. When you have
walked down the aisles and have seen a
man that you thought was William Jen
nings Bryan, it was Farnsworth Born
in the county of Mariposa thirty-eight
years ago educated in the law school of
the State of California, That place
whore in the future will grow the most
magnificent institution of learning on
earth largely through the munificence of
one of the grandest women in America,
Mrs. Phebe R. Hearst. (Applause).
That applause is grateful, not to me, but
to every woman, to every man, in the
State of California who is familiar with
the magnificent character of that lady.
(Applause.) It ought not to be given,
however. In handclaps; it ought to be
given In cheers: Coming from that uni
versity, then, from which no man has
ever been seated on the Supreme Bench—
I allude to th* affiliated college of law.
Mr Eld ridge Farnsworth practiced law
for' many years In a county up hero in
the mountains adjacent to Sacramento;
District Attorney of th*» county of Ama
dor for many years, endeared there to
the people by the performance of his du
ties and by the strict integrity of his
character. There ought to be that high
dignity of courage; there ought to be
that honor that is absolutely unimpeach
able: there ought to be those qualities
of decision, of determination of charac
ter, of manliness and of independence
that characterize the great men of the
world. Gentlemen of this convention, a
long and intimate acquaintance of Judge
Conley (laughter) — Judge Farnsworth
has led me to know that in every one of
those qualifications he stands a peer of
any man In California. Nominate Judge
Conley (laughter)— nominate Judge Farm
worth—that is a good joke: the Judge Is
a good fellow, too — nominate Judge
Farnsworth, and you will have upon the
Supreme Bench of this State a man who
will stand absolutely and impregnably be
tween the people and the corporate In
fluences that are endeavoring to wrest
from them or decrease their liberties.
You will have a man in whom the peo
ple, can safely repose their every right
and be assured that the laws of this
State founded upon the constitution will
bo interpreted and enforced. (Applause.)
Gentlemen of the convention, I thank
you. ■' : -W
The Chair— E.C. Farnsworth of Tulare
has been placed in nomination for Su
premo Justice. Are there any further
nominations?
Walker C. Graves of San Francisco—
Gentlemen of the convention, though ;i
humble member of this great Democratic
convention, yet we feel that we have some
conception of the qualifications of the
man for the high office of Associate- Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, and we l.r-
llew that the man whose name we will
now present to you, the Hon. L. D. Mc-
Kisirk (applause) is pre-eminently fit
for it by his prreat natural ability. His
exalted character and his large experi
ence as a lawyer and a judge. He was
for many years the leader of the bar in
Tennessee and he Is the foremost lawyer
to-day In the State of California. He
served on the Board of Arbitration of the
State of Tennessee with entire satisfac
tion of the bar and the people of that
State and was elected by hIR associates
as Chief Justice thereof. He was ten
dered by the Governor of the State a
place upon the court of last resort,
but he declined to accent it to engage In
the practice of his profession. Owing to
an epidemic of yellow fever at Memphis
he emigrated to the State of California
and Immediately took his place In the
front ranks of the profession here. He
has been connected with the heaviest liti
gations In this State and has met and
vanquished some of our ablest lawyers.
He was the lending counsel In the great
Colton case and In the Mare Island case
and was lately associated with W. T.
Baprett in the now famous Halo & Nor
cross cases. He wns employed by the
Government of the United Stated to rep
resent the Government ana bring a suit
against the directors of the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company. Fellow Demo
crats I feel that I would be recreant to
mv duty here as a delegate on this floor
nn'd derelict In my duty to my profession
and to the people of this State If I did
not arise here in my place and give tes
timony as to the knowledge I possess of
his high fitness for this office. He has
been associated with me in litigation that
Involved a mass of facts and figures and
I was struck with astonishment at his
grasp of thought; the comprehensiveness
of his mind, his extraordinary memory
and his powers of discrimination, his in
defatigable, ener— -. the qualities that go
to make up a great Judge. I tell you.
fellow citizens, you should nominate for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of this State tha Hon. L. D. McKisick.
Adopt the Platform.
Mr. Patton of Los Angeles— Mr. Chair- I
' man, I move that we now suspend the
I nominations and read and adopt the plat- j
I form which has been prepared by the
I committee on platform and *-hieh is now ;
! waiting here. I move that we now suspend
1 the nomination of Judges and proceed to j
, the adoption of the platform.
The motion was seconded and carried. ,
Mr. Deuprey— Mr. Chairman, before;
' reading the report I wish to say that it :
: has been brought to my attention that
the report of the committee, so far as
! that committee was concerned, would
place it in such a situation that the num- ;
I her of the State Central Committee would ;
; not be provided for; and having ascer- |
tamed that error. I would move you, Mr.
Chairman, if permitted, that the portion
of the report as to the State Central |
: Committee be taken from the table ana
' be referred back tq the committee upon
\ that subject, so that we may hear from
i them hereafter. . ,
The Chair— lt seems to me that that
! motion Is out of order, Mr. Deuprey, un
less you make it as an amendment.
Mr' Deuprey— lt is only tj take it from \
i the table and* send it back to the commit
tee. An error has been made in the State
• Central Committee, the number has not j
been ascertained.
The (."hair— lf there is no objection to i
1 that, it will be so ordered. If there is no i
, objection we will proceed to hear the re
i port of the committee on platform.
It was moved and seconded that the re- '
port be adopted. Carried ifcianlmously. \
1 upon motion the convention took a recerfs j
; until 8 o"clock p. m.
AFTERNOON WORK
OF THE CONVENTION
The convention -was called to order by
! the chairman at 3:30 p. m.
Mr. Fitzgerald of San Francisco offered
; an amendment to the report of the com-
I mlttee on platform, which was read by
! the secretary, and stated: "Gentlemen of
I the Convention: The University of Cali
i fornia. within the last few years, has
made etrlde3 that are almost unparalleled
In the history of educational Institutions,
and plans are now on foot to continue its
i progress in a great degree, giving it new
'. buildings. Mrs. Phebe Hearst is at the
bead of the movement and we hope this
convention will assist to the full extent
j of its power in that movement."
It was moved and seconded that the
amendment be adopted. Carried.
Mr. Price offered an amendment to that
portion of the report of the committee en
platform relating to river improvements,
and stated:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Convention; I am not now connected
with this department of public work, but
have Its interests at heart. I believe it is i
necessary for this Democratic Convention
to declare itself upon this subject, and i
for that reason I offer this amendment.
It was moved and seconded that the
amendment be adopted. Carried.
The Chair — The question is now upon
tiie adoption of the platform and amend
ments.
It was moved and seconded that the
platform be adopted as amended. Carried.
Mr. Ryan offered a resolution in refer
ence to the cause of organized labor,
published elsewhere, which was adopted
by the convention.
At this point Judge J. G. Magulre was
t srr.r-ted to the platform and delivered his
address, accepting the nomination at the
hands of the convention, which address '•>
published elsewhere.
Mr. llutchinson was then introduced to
the convention by the Chair, and spoke as
follows: Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen
of the Convention: I thank you for the
honor that you have conferred upon me.
I shall not take any of your time except
ing a ff\v moments to state, as I have
I seen them, some of the difllrultic-s that
have been surmounted in bringing this
about. Most of the people of this State
know that a few months ago it appeared
Impossible for the reform forces of the
j State of California to come together as
If now are. A month ago a gn-at con
tion was held in this city, in the Cap
building. We had difficulties to con
1 with that were greater than any
t have confronted you.
mi know as well as 1 that every in
nee that was opposed to us was there,
i know as wel as I that every monop
tir force in the State was there. That
v^ry Republican official in the State was
directly interested in our disunion and
they were well represented there. You
know as well as I that some of our own
people, some of the members of the Pec
pie's party that had fought many a bat
ile and had iought well, that were as
honest and upright zmd as sincere as any
man that lived did not believe in fusion.
You know as well as I that there were
others there who never had any belief of
any kind whatever who come at the beck
and call of others and who did the best
they could to do their duty. We there
began the work that you have carried
ii^ro, and hnve carried it out well.
You know as well as I that s tmc radical
measures must be taken, something must
be done. We could not have the first
place on the ticket vacant. We knew
what you would do, and we were to be
gin the good work. We simply did <iur
duty In placing at the head of "our ticket
the Hon. James G. Magulre. (Applause.)
A few years ago ft seemed almost im
possible' that the People's party and the
Demnerntie party could ever come togeth
er. Th.it was th" day of the Cleveland
Democracy and that was the day when
the "Golden calf" was set up and wor
shiped. A change has come over the
The people are now again, as In old
times, believing in the simple principles
of Pemocracv. that will always bp be
lieved in and thnt will eventualy triumph.
When I saw that the Democratic party
was led astray by false leaders, many of
us left the Democratic party, but one who
was born where I was born could never
stray very far from the Democratic party.
Away down in my native State there were
few people of the white race that had
not believed as I did and who do not bo
lleve now as I do. Some gentleman In
THE EMPORIUM.
f¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥t
Largest Glove 'Department in the city— 350 feet of shelving, filled with best makes
of gloves. Third section, left of main entrance.
Another of our popular all-day sales, offering positively the greatest bargain
attractions pi the week. Here are items irom a dozen departments, and you 11 iind
many more in all parts of the store.
Remnants at Half*
There's a large accumulation of Remnants of
Laces, Embroideries and Ribbons. They are
already marked at "Remnant Prices"; take them
to-day only at half marked prices.
Laces. Embroideries. Ribbons.
Venise. Swiss. Satin — Moire.
Torchon. Cambric. Gros-Grain.
Oriental. Nainsook. Taffeta and Velvet.
Valenciennes. Fjncy Stripes— Plaids.
Boys t Suits $135*
>3> The double-breast-
jftyg^j, ed, knee pants 'y'l'
(yr\ **) style shown in pic-
JT[ v> L ture — tor boys Bto
\JA rVtewQh-Tv 16 years— new Fall
Y^YwP j\ Suits in 6 different
vl v jL*H 5. 0 \ colorings and 9 pat-
— MjWjterns — guaranteed
) ono n ma^ e ' tr ' m *
iiil • cQ/ min«:s, fit and ma-
[l [, •otX terlal— no shoddy
-1 i - tl __J^ Or satinet, but
h jC\ strong, durable
U /I/ I cloth— nearly all
''/ / \\J wool and equal to
1/ M l\ most of the $2 and
I '/,". , ill • J2.50 suits sold in
if if if/, li this city. Bargain
ft ii ' M Price to-day (Fri-
'li 3 "'IS day) 0n1y... *. qf;
This Doll 1 9c.
Bargain f^Xa,
Friday. fiVjr
She's a little %k&
flaxen-haired /S-"%"'^ : -^\
beauty— full (MyMmh \
jointed — bisque / 7 If,) -J* J ,/
head— length 14 ]i : %Mm
inches— dressed *jiil AM],
in fancy slip. ;/j % jl 1 '
To-day only, if } \
each J \ / I
19c fJIT
Watches 89c. FrYITy! 1
x^^. The New York
//V/\N Watch— full
KjSHI nickel— stem-
vj^r winder — a per-
.tgesSL?^ feet timekeeper
jds^S^^S^ and guaranteed
for one ye ar —
1 f¥^y J ■r'^Vi "just the cheese".
i Hi- 1 VI A for hunting or
1 'fl-Su I I isn i n 2 excur-
' V\*^ /^\^/J i sonss ' on ' s when you
\^-^CT'V^^^7 don't care to risk
~z*&w your fin; watch
| — schoolboys are
\ . delighted, with
them, and they can't be manufactured
for to-day's bargain price on 300 RQ _
of them • O7C i
ing 1 LJepartmcnts jfej |H tSBO ■ c^ir^^B hWP^ f t? •♦•
moving to Main P^ OoWe«ffciaSie®^^a.ar. out-of-town
Floor-back of W ■ ©OlrfeWifeßHae Bazaar.
rotunda. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. tolks '
the comer has Intimated that he would
like to know where I was born. I was
born In the best State in the Union ex
cept California— down in old Mrginia
(applause), where the principles of the
true, Democracy of America, had their
origin, where they had their first great
leaders and wher they are talked of as
they are here, by men who believe In
them and who cannot be turned aside by
any combination of men whatever. (Ap
plause.) I shall refer to but one thing
and then close. There is a rumor over
the State that the People s £*£?& split
Gentlemen, that plank is not split It^is
true a few splinters have been shaved off
but the Plank 18 solid and it i* now a
part of the great platform of the Peo
ny's party the Democratic party and the
gi?ver P Republican party-the union party
of the State of California. (Applause.)
Senator White-Mr. Chairman, my at
tention has been called to a clerical error
in he platform, which I am directed to
correct Upon page 3 we find the fol-
We commend the course of _ the Demo
"We commend the course of the Demo
cratic minority in Congress In having act
ed with unanimity and without partisan
ship whatever upon all measures for the
support of our armies in the war with
Spain- and we . commend the course of
the Democratic Senators and Represent
atives In Congress in opposing the unjust
and discriminating war revenue meas
ures of the Republican administration,
under which by far the greater portion
of the cost of the war is levied upon the
laboring class of the country.' The fol
i lowing words should be added thereto:
: "And to which unnecessary burdens in
i the form of bonds have been imposed
upon the people of the United States. '
I move the adoption of the amendment.
I had better
say M this has been added to the plat
i form and as I took an active part in vot
: ing against the issue of those bonds,
i that I heartily approve of that proposi
tion in the platform.
! The nominations for Associate Justice
were closed.
Frank Day of San T>h Gentlemen of
the convention: Residing, as I do In that
particular section of this much favored
State which is designated by one of the
distinguished friends of Democracy,
namely. General Otis, as the "City of
1 Grief" I desire to say a word or two on
behalf of the candidate who has been an
! nounced as being before you for nomina
tion for the Supreme Bench. I eaaoMadd
anvthinK to what has been frfcSd of his
1 personal qualifications for thgt office, and
I it is not my particular purpose to en-
I deavor to do so, but ther'/ is one line
of thought embodying a */ew considera
tiors which I think it Ji well should
be f placed before this eoj ventlon prior
to the time of taking th« vote. It has
been well said here that good Democrats
come from the State of -Virginia. It will
be remembered that John TV. Hughes is
. a native of that State.
< that he has lost none of his Democracy
by the adoption of the State of
nJa as Ms home. Incidental* I want
to say that In the year ISJI6 ISe Demo
crats of San Diego determined for once
to redeem that county from th* list of
Republican counties and place it among
the list of Democratic counties. That
county through its history^ ha* bee» Re
publican anywhere from 1400 to 2000 ana -
! iority By peristent effort and gallant
labor the Democrats of San Diego gave a
majority to William Jennings Bryan of
391 votes. (Applause.) • ■ ■
Further than that, gentlemen, there Is i
one other thing. There is no possible ob
lection that can be urged against Judge
Hughes' candidacy. He Is neither too old j
THE EMPORIUM.
Parasols Half Price.
For Bargain Friday only we offer all of our
White and Fancy Colored Coaching and Carriage
Parasols at half marked prices. This offer must
be taken advantage of to-day.
Tic Parasols-. ..38c!5i. 50 Parasols. .75c52.25 Parasols..sU3
51 00 Parasols.. soc 5i. 75 Parasols.. BBc 52.50 Parasols.sl.2s
51.25 Parasols.. 63cls2.oo Parasols 51.00 ; 52. 75 Parasols. sl.3B
r\ /^i 1 75c kind
Dress Qjoods* or 4 9c .
To-day only— so-ioch Boucle Striped
Cheviots, in tweed effects— a hand-
some fabric for. street dresses that
gives excellent satisfaction and has
always been 75c per yard. Bar- AQ
gain Friday 4 " c
c*t a . y Gloves 55c.
We offer for to-day only 350 pairs
first quality Washable Chamois Gloves
— two styles — large pearl buttons or
mousquetaire— white or natural j-^-
color — all sizes OOZ
A cake of Chamois Soap free to
each purchaser of these gloves.
Stationery.
These prices for to-day only on all
writing paper an envelopes in patri-
otic designs: •;•.
24 sheets Paper, 24 Envelopes in
box, red, white and blue flag de- . -
signs, cut from '2sc box t0... *^C
24 sheets Paper, 24 Envelopes tR
in sailor-hat box, cut from 35c to >OC
24 sheets Paper, 24 Envelopes in
canvas-covered tent-shaped box, -~
cut from 35c to • ■^'-' c
25 American-Flag Envelopes ,
f0r..... ■■■ - be
New Stationery Section In Rotunda,
near Cafe Entrance.
Grocery Specials*
These nine great, specials In the
Combined Grocery and Liquor De-
partment are for Friday and Saturday
until closing time.
Babbitt's Soap, 16 bars for ........50c
Emporium Mocha and Java Coffee,
1b..... .:.....:.:.;.....30c
Genuine Imported Sardines, tin.... 10c j
Royal Baking Powder, i-lb tin5.. ..39c j
Choice Oregon Salmon, tins •'• 7c
Old Bourbon Whiskey, ga110n. ..52.00
Choice Holland Gin, 100-proof, per
gallon .......-'-..••• .$2,35 j
Very .fine Sherry Win*, gallon 45c
Pabst Malt Extract, dozen $2.50
Saturday Evening Spe-
cials— 7:3o to J0:30
Only. ;
Cyrus Noble Rye Whiskey, full
- quarts... $1.00
Canadian Club Whiskey, b0tt1e..51.25
nor is he too young; nor in any other
particular can his qualifications for tho
office of Associate Justice of t-e Supreme
Court be questioned for an instant, but
there are some things that may be added
to this. The county of San D.ogO hither
to has asked nothing. The county of
San Diego has never been recognized on
the Democratic State ticket for a single
office and I want to tell you. gentlemen
of the convention, that San Diego County
in conjunction wnn other southern coun
ties taking them as a wnole Is largely
responsible for the sentiment which has
created this grand manifestation in favor
of fusion and which I am sure you as
well as 1 will admit, will insure the elec
tion of the Hon. James G. Maguire on
the Bth of November. (.Cries of "time,"
time").
ALFORD IN THE THROES OF HIS SPEECH.
THE EMPORIUM.
Oxfords $I*lo* Only? 7
These $1.50 Dongola Kid, Lace
Oxfords for ladies— kid -or cloth
tops— patent leather tips— turned pli-
able soles, new coin toe— all sizes
.p. and widths.
■ T ifyL/ O" sale all day
Sewing Silk 10c*
Finest Quality pounce Spool Sew-
ing Silk made, black or white, letters
A, B, C and D, regularly 20c a ir .
spool, special to-day only >UC
Soap lie Box*
Almond
Cream and LL>^»st* ;
Benzoin Soap f%^B^^^^
—large cakes . M\^iy>V- m<\\l\
—delightful ■ S4-^KVfey/%^
odor— neatly N^ ft *. ' •-> r.J!i
put up-three X^iriorr^cpwnJ
cakes in box
— and really better. than many 25c per
box soaps. Special for to-day
only, box *• *C
Nail Brushes 16c*
r^_ . —^^ This imported, '
— =^5* solid back, genu-
.tJUl-u'i iam mmufm ' n•* bristle, hand-
Nail Brush.
On special sale to-
day in Brush Department in ro- t ,
tunda at.. — *OC
( Worth fully one-half more).
Mothers' Waists 29c.
Friend WaiStS Z7C*
A Friday's clear- —^ -
ing out of Waists — .
a lot (not very ll'* .?y
many) of Blue or • -ij
; Gray Flannel Ws/4&T3ht^ -*
| Waists — 6 to 14 W\T\[
I year sizes. The 45c 'ff A \ . , \
quality, while - Q /;} N \
they 1a5t....... -^7C J {l\ . V.)
Another ; lot of \&\\ . £*/
"Mothers' Friend" \Al S LJ4UO
Waists for boys 6 V) \
to 14 years —in F f I'
blue, pray, tan or I I " V
brown flannel. The
75c and 95c qualities on special .Q. Q
sale to-day only at 4"C
i Mr. Frank — Now, gentlemen, I will only
: detain you just a moment. I ask you
i to take these facts In your consideration
j and I ask you to elve them your careful
i and thorough investigation before you
vote and give to that section of the State
; which has been after the sinner and has
j brought him to repentance its due.
Senator White — I simnly wish to say
that having known Judge Hughes for
many years, known him at the bar and
known him on the bench, that I taka
great pleasure In seconding that nomina
tion.
JUDGE CONLEY NOMINATED.
The secretary was ordered to proceed to
Continued on Page Eight.
56
FR1DAY.............. AUGUST 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
_ . .-,-,- _-.-,-,-,,--,:-• _ .-.,. ~—^^^^<»
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAK E, Manager.
PUBLICATION 0FF1CE...... Market and Third Sti., S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21? to 221 Stevenson Street
*; Telephone Main 1874.
ME 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 p«r year; per montb
. 65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL O"« *•«• ** mall - *'-8*
OAKLAND OFFICE :v.^^;.^... 90S Broadway
fcEW YORK OFFICE .....Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington cd. o office Ric*« Hoa«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ....Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
tRANCB OFFICES— S£7 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clooK.. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
' 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
' street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
" Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street. ops*
; until 9:30 o'clock- .. MW. corner Twenty-sscons ojui
Kentucky ctreeU, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUStMENTi
Celumbta- "Trilby "
Alcniar- -Frederick the Great '
Morosco's- -Work aud Wages
Tl voll— "Lohengrin "
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
The Chut«B— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Olj-mpla— Corner Maeon and Etldy streets, Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavlllon-The Irish Fair, Saturday August 30.
tutros Baths— Swinimln?.
Central Park— •' The Battle of Manilla, 1 ' Saturday, August VX
ti Campo— Music, danclnsr.boatlnf, fishing, every Sunuay
State Fair — Sacramento. September 5.
ThE PINTO POPULIST PLATFORM.
JUDGE) MAGUIRE was invited to sit with the
committee appointed to draw a platform for
the Democratic State convention. The coy
candidate said: "I would not presume to draft a
platform. There is one thing I would say, however,
and that is, that the platform should be so drawn
that it will not conflict with the platform already
drawn by one of the great reform parties."
Why, then, have a Democratic party at all? Why
not let the Populists, as "one of the reform parties,"
take the lead?
Maguire's opinion being that the platforms must
not conflict, of course they must be identical. As he
is under orders to accept the Populist nomination
and platform, and the time for such acceptance is
nearly up, he is naturally anxious that the two
horses he is to ride shall be going in the same direc
tion. His anxiety in the matter Is proof that the
Democratic horse, left to his sweet and equine will,
would go in the opposite direction to the Populist
beast, thus endangering the little Judge's political
anatomy. But the horse is not to have his will.
He must canter in unison with the Populist pacer,
while the Judge, with well chalked buskins, vaults
through the hoops.
Verily it is a spectacle for gods and men. the latter
being old-time Democrats, to see at the head of the
ticket a man who sprouted on the sand lot, bolted
the Democratic party in 1886, and formally and per
manently withdrew from it in 1887, and now informs
it that its principles are not in conflict with Popu
lism, which represents everything- against which
Democracy has arrayed itself for nearly a century.
Looking over Maguire's record as an office holder
under a Republican city administration, as a sand
lotter, as a chronic bolter, as a permanent fugitive
from the party by his own act, and as a Populist
nominee for Governor, the steadfast Democrat may
well ask himself. "What is the reward of party fidelity
and party work?"
If by bolting the party year after year, and cursing
and quitting it, a man can get three terms in Con
gress and the nomination for Governor, what is the
use of packing a torch, going around odorous of
kerosene and shouting for the regular ticket?
These questions are for the faithful to answer.
Our advice to them is to bolt the bolter, to quit the
quitter, and by giving him a dote of his own medi
cine perhaps win the same honors which now crown
his infidelity to every party obligation and his treason
to every party principle.
Some of General Wheeler's staff plucked a large
number of leaves from the tree he climbed to get a
view of the field during the march on Santiago, and
sent them to Alabama as campaign documents to
help the general in his fight for re-election. The
idea was a pretty one and is bound to win. When
the polls are closed it will be found that the general's
competitors are up a tree and he's all right.
"Lord Charles Beresford," says the Philadelphia
Times, "is the eldest son of the Marquis of Water
ford and belongs to a daring family. His second
brother, Lord William, married the widowed Duchess
of Marlborough." Enough said.
While it may be a fact that Dewey encouraged
Augusti to run away, there is no probability that the
admiral had to give the captain general more than a
gentle hint.
Officers of the German warships hovering about
Manila are said to be extremely reticent. They will
rot even go so far as to state what business they had
to be there.
Probably Congressman Hilborn, in his thoughtful
moments, has doubts as to the beauty and integrity
of the primary system.
There are methods by which the Tennessee boys
might have more fun than by tearing down houses
and paying for them.
They will be making Hay in the State office as
toon as Day is past, but what kind of way is that to
keep the proverb?
Democrats can comfort themselves after election
by claiming that it was merely a Populistic defeat
anyhow.
- We shall not have a full measure of honor to whom
honor is due in this country until Dewey is an ad
miral.
The Populist pill was swallowed, but there was no
attempt on the part of Democracy to conceal its wry
face.
Maguire may straddle two platforms in public, but
as soon as he gets out of public sight he will sit
down on one.
Blanco was for war to the "bitter end." The end
is here, and he still kicks. Isn't it "bitter" enough?
Fresno should not be discouraged. Chicago had a
jfire once, and look at Chicago now.
BOSS McNflß'S "ARGUMENT."
THOSE who may be curious enough to examine
political bossism in some of its phases should
peruse the speech delivered at Sacramento on
Tuesday by Gavin McNab of the "reunited" De
mocracy of this city. The argument of this dis
penser of new and undefiled Democracy was unique,
original and persuasive, and we predict that when it
has been thoroughly circulated it will take high rank
among the forensic efforts of our time. It is certain
to stand unrivaled until some one can produce a
more extraordinary specimen of logic, or a conven
tion can be found which will encourage the creation
of a bigger fool political scheme than has been con
ceived by the whispering boss.
Mr. McNab declares that the arbitrary action of
the Democratic State Committee in wresting the
party organization in this city from the control of
the politicians who had won it by the usual methods
was justified by the alleged fact that the leaders of
the party had entered the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company and other corrupt and corrupting
corporations. In other words, according to this re
markable boss, the time had arrived when, in order
to prevent the Democracy from falling into the
hands of Rainey and the railroad, the State Com
mittee was authorized to resort to any means, no
matter how un-Democratic or despotic.
The notable feature of this argument is found in
the broad premises upon which it is based. Boss
McNab starts off by assuming that Gould, Alford
and himself are "honest"; that they may be trusted
anywhere; that they are moved by patriotism only;
that their motives cannot be questioned; that the
people confide in them and have appointed them to
rescue the Government from the hands of those who
would corrupt and despoil it — in short, that they
are the pure of the pure, and that they are com
missioned at all times to judge of the purity of
others.
Perhaps we need not remind Boss McNab that
the argument he has used to bolster up his case at
Sacramento has been used by every bloody tyrant
who in all history has oppressed the world. Boss
McNab knows this as well as we do. He has studied
that argument in school, and in youthful debating
societies has doubtless railed against it. He knows
that when once the right of a political leader to pass
upon the motives of his opponents is conceded there
is an end of civic liberty and tyranny supervenes.
He knows that his assumption of purity is illogical
and that his scheme for taking possession of a polit
ical party by force cannot be justified on any such
ground.
But it is probably useless to argue with Boss Mc-
Nab. A man who will lay before an intelligent
body of citizens such a case as he presented at Sacra
mento on Tuesday is beyond reason. Nor do we
believe the convention accepted his argument as con
clusive, notwithstanding it indorsed his plans and
agreed to divide the plunder of this city with him.
Boss McNab wants to get control of the government
of San Francisco, and he has succeeded in making
the Democrats of the State believe that his scheme
will work. It has been agreed to shut the Harney
ites out and divide the local plunder among the
members of the State Committee. This is addition,
division and silence, not logic.
THE NAVAL PROMOTIONS.
PUBLIC opinion is by no means satisfied with
the promotions thus far accorded to the naval
heroes who have in this war so gloriously up
held the traditions of our flag upon the ocean. The
press of all sections of the Union demand that further
honors be bestowed, and in this popular sentiment
is clearly reflected.
Concerning the promotions granted Sampson and
Schley there is, indeed, some difference of opinion.
Prior to the outbreak of the war Schley stood higher
on the naval register than Sampson. In promoting
them recently the President advanced Sampson eight
numbers and Schley six numbers. This has led to
a good deal of adverse criticism in some quarters, the
argument of the critics being that Schley, having
chased Cervera into Santiago and being in actual
command of the fleet at the time of the battle that
destroyed the Spanish fleet, his promotion should at
least have been equal to that accorded to Sampson,
and the relative ranks of the two maintained as be
foie.
Against the argument of the critics it is urged that
the President has a fuller knowledge of the com
parative services of the two commanders than is
possessed by the public, and it is therefore reasona
ble to assume he acted upon good and sufficient
grounds when he gave the higher promotion to
Sampson. Furthermore, it is pointed out that Samp
son directed the naval campaign in the West Indies,
and although he was not in command on the day
of battle, the victory is none the less his, since it
resulted from his strategy and was won by tactics he
had ordered.
With the exception of this controversy concerning
the relative deserts of Sampson and Schley, there is
perfect unanimity of opinion on the whole subject
of naval promotions. Eastern papers are as earnest
as are those on this coast in urging that Captain Clark
of the Oregon be raised to the rank of commodore.
He performed the greatest feat that nas been accom
plished with a modern battleship, and by his skill
displayed as a seaman in the long voyage around the
Horn, as well as by his courage in the combat off
Santiago, has merited a higher promotion than that
of advancement on the list of captains.
As regards Dewey, there is but one voice, and that
is expressed not only universally, but with ardor.
The country demands that for him there shall be
revived the rank of admiral, and that he be accorded
every honor given to the illustrious Farragut. His
services in the war have been greater than those of
any other man. He has not only won battles for
us and captured cities, but he has, by his skillful con
duct, maintained the prestige of the nation at Ma
nila under circumstances that required for the ac
complishment of that work diplomatic sagacity and
firmness of a high order.
Dewey has in truth proven himseff to be one of
the greatest naval commanders of all time. He has
shown high administrative abilities as well as fighting
qualities. He could govern the Philippines if called
upon to do so, and achieve in that work as great a
success as he did in taking them. He has fully
merited the title of admiral, and the nation will not
be satisfied if Congress does not revive the office and
bestow it upon him in time for him to receive it as
a Christmas gift.
People who have been predicting a war between
Great Britain and Russia have only to keep on in
order to make a record as prophets. The thing is
bound to happen after a while.
It is doubtful if there is any other such pay gravel
on earth as that which is found in this city by those
who get contracts for street improvements.
The final proof of prosperity is at hand. It is an
nounced that Kansas is out of debt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
BLOND AND BAILEY TURNED DOWN.
DURING the closing weeks of the recent session
of Congress abundant evidence was given
that the Democratic leaders had determined
to substitute a war issue for the money question in
the coming campaign. The vote in Oregon showed
them that nothing could be expected of the free silver
cry this year. A new slogan was needed to rally
the scattered clans, and, accordingly, they resolved to
go to the couiHry denouncing what they were pleased
to call the "imperialism" of the Republican party.
These tactics, adopted in a moment of desperation,
have not been found adequate to the occasion. On
the contrary, two conspicuous chiefs have been
brought to grief by them already, and the campaign
is yet young. Bailey raised the new cry in Texas
and the State convention of his party turned him
down. Bland raised it in Missouri and met the
same fate. The Democratic masses in those great
States are too patriotic and too loyal to follow a
fight against the administration on an issue that is
clearly one of the war problems of the country. In
those two States, at any rate, the coming contest
will not be disturbed by clamors against a fictitious
imperialism, and baseless denunciations of the foreign
policy of the President.
As a matter of fact, the cry of imperialism raised
by the Democrats in Congress was one of the most
foolish blunders ever committed even by that party
of blunderers. It has no foundation upon which
to 'rest. The administration has conducted the war
with singular moderation, and the Republican party
has taken no step that justifies even a suspicion of
anything like imperialism. The President has moved
slowly from point to point, as the emergencies of
the war required, and has had the support of the
great body of the people in every action from first
to last. To no single deed or word of his can the
Democratic leaders point' to justify a campaign of
opposition.
It is clear from what has taken place in Texas and
Missouri that the Democratic masses are becoming
impatient of the fatuous leadership of such men as
Bailey and Bland. They know that the conduct of
our foreign policy is in safe hands, and they are
sufficiently patriotic to say so. Moreover, most of
them have sense enough to know that for the Demo
cratic party to make the campaign this fall one of
opposition to the war measures of the Government
would be to invite destruction. No considerable
number of people of any party will vote to hamper
the hands of the President in this emergency.
It is reported that when, in his speech to the Mis
souri Democrats, Mr. Bland asked: "Are you going
to ratify a treaty here? Are you going to approve
in advance a treaty the Republican party has yet to
make? Are you ready to annex Porto Rico before
you know anything about it?" a voice from
the body of the convention shouted back, "You bet!"
The answer was sufficient, but it was made more
emphatic by the vote that turned Mr. Bland down
when the question was put. The campaign against
so-called "imperialism has therefore collapsed at the
start. Democracy in Texas and in Missouri, as
elsewhere, will make this fight on State issues only.
NOW f OR c MERCHANT MARINE.
ALL indications point to the conclusion that the
restoration of peace will be followed by a
marked increase of activity in our foreign
commerce. This is not because the war impeded our
trade and that a revival will come with the removal
of the impediment, but because new channels of trade
will be opened, new marttets provided for our prod
ucts and new fields for our enterprise.
For a long time past our commerce has been ex
panding, and recently the expansion has been one of
the notable features of the world's development. In
every nation on the globe the effects of our com
petition have been felt. Moreover our exports are
no longer confined mainly to agricultural products
or other forms of raw material. We are now among
the great manufacturing peoples of the earth, and
exports of our manufactured goods are increasing by
leaps and bounds.
In one respect only have we been lagging behind
the most vigorous nations of the globe. We have
not provided the merchant marine needed to trans
port our goods abroad. Our expanding commerce
is carried on chiefly through foreign ships. We still
pay a tribute to European ship-owners for carrying
our trade for us. Our products of farm and^ mine and
factory are seen almost everywhere, but our flag is
not conspicuous among the ships gathered in the sea
ports where the world's business is transacted.
At the present time we are prepared in every way
except one to advance in shipbuilding as rapidly as in
other lines of industry. We have the enterprise, the
money, the opportunity and the business necessary to
provide for an expansion of our merchant marine on
a grand scale. The one thing lacking is the legisla
tion requisite to place American merchant vessels on
an equal footing with those of other nations. So long
as European governments give potent aid to their
merchant marine and our Government remains neg
lectful to the claims of our own, so long will the car
rying trade of America be in foreign hands and our
commerce be forced to pay tribute to aliens.
The war itself has to a large extent stimulated ship
building. The employment of a considerable number
of merchant steamers by the Government for trans
ports diminished the tonnage available for commer
cial purposes, and as a consequence there has been an
increased demand for new ships of almost all classes.
This demand is in a fair way of being filled, for all
the shipyards of the country are busy. If Govern
mental aid can now be provided to assist the activity
already started the forward movement will attain
great proportions, and in a comparatively few years
will emancipate us from dependence on foreign ships
and make our flag familiar in all parts of the world.
It is pertinent to press this issue now. Time passes
quickly, and Congress will soon be assembled for the
winter session. At present the members of both
houses are at home among their constituents with
more or less earnestness studying the demands of the
people. It should be made clear to them that the
great mass of citizens are in favor of protection to the
shipping interests as well as to other industries of the
nation, and that a law fostering and promoting our
merchant marine is one of the measures required and
expected this winter.
As soon as Congress meets theie will be either
an investigation of the conduct of the Santiago cam
paign, or else Congress itself will be condemned.
There is a great deal of red hot music in the air on
that subject, and somebody must dance to it.
The suspicion naturally arises that many nominat
ing speeches were made yesterday simply because the
orators had kept their eloquence bottled just as long
as they could stand the pressure.
It Tinst be acknowledged that most of the adjec
tives used in the convention yesterday were misfits,
but some of them sounded well.'
Despite the heat, Montieth went to Sacramento
and got frostbitten.
MR. GAGE EXPLAINS.
To the Editor of The Call: I dislike to
discuss all of the details of the transac
tion concerning myself referred to in
the Chronicle, reports of which ft seems are
being circulated by my political enemies. The
controversy relates to affairs that arose more
than twenty-one years ago and grew out of
the partnership affairs of George Hinds and
D. W. Gage, owners of a band of sheep. D.
W. Gage was my uncle. Both he and Hindis
are dead, and most of the witnesses to the
facts of the case are also deceased. I do not
care, as I have said, to discuss all these de
tails. It Is sufficient to say that, as an out
growth of the controversy, Hinds brought a
civil suit against my uncle and myself to dis
solve the partnership, settle its affairs, dispose
of the property, divide the proceeds, etc He
also, through his attorney in this civil case,
procured an indictment to be filed against me,
charging my uncle and me with having en
tered into an unlawful conspiracy to defraud
Hinds of his interest in the band of sheep.
At the tame time Hinds made complaint
against me before Pentalpha Lodge No. 2U2,
of Free and Accepted Masons, of Los Angeles
City, of which lodge I was not a member, but
was and ever since have been a member of a
different Masonic lodge. The charges made
against me in thte complaint involved this
whole transaction, and the question was
whether I had in any part of the matter been
guilty of conduct unbecoming a Mason, or of
any wrong whatever. Mr. Hinds and his wit
nesses gave their testimony; I gave mine. The
reault was that the Masonic jury or commis
sion found a unanimous verdict in my favor,
and which fully exonerated and vindicated me
in every particular, as the affidavit of three
surviving members of this Jury, which I hand
you, shows.
The indictment was dismissed by the District
Attorney who procured it (who was also Mr.
Hinds' attorney), because he well knew that
there was no evidence whatever to sustain the
charge mnde. The civil suit never reached a
final judgment. An interlocutory decision was
rendered by the court In favor of Hinds, and
th(s decision was mainly predicated upon the
testimony of two witnesses who swore to a
conversation which they alleged I had with
my uncle, but which In truth and in fact never
did occur, nor had I ever laid my eyes upon
them until they appeared in court and testified
in that case. Thflr statement was bald per
jury. And from this decretal order I took an
appeal, but this appeal wns dismissed by the
Supreme Court because the interlocutory de
cision was not appealable. As I have said no
flnnl decision was ever reached in the case,
and hf>nc»» no opportunity was ever given to
have the merits passed upon by the Supreme
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
"William McKewen and wife of Los An
geles are at the Lick.
L. Coates of Napa Is at the California
in company with his wife.
Robert J. Nixon Jr.. of the Yreka Jour
nal, is registered at the Grand.
G. W. Scott, a wealthy land-owner of
Madison, Cal., is at the Grand.
Frank Buck, a banker of Vacavllle, and
his wife are guests at the Palace.
J. T. Taylor, a prominent rancher of
Bakprsfield, is making the Occidental his
headquarters.
William Poyle Miner and wife will be
in this city for a week and are stopping
at the Brooklyn.
Ernest Hastings, the new leading man
of the Alcazar, registered at the Califor
nia yesterday from New York.
A little Incident
occurred at the
Columbia Thea
ter last evening
during the per
formance of
"Trilby," which,
had it not been
for the coolness and tact of Theodore
Roberts, would have spoiled the most
solemn scene in the play and undoubt
edly have created unbounded amusement.
It happened when Roberts, who enacts
the role of Svengali, is about to leave
this earthly sphere, and just when Taffy
(John T. Burke) catches him violently by
the throat. In doing so Svenßali's whis
kers became disarranged, and he came
very near losing his hirsute appendage
in full view of the audience. Roberts
says: "I felt that my whiskers had be
come unloosened by the violence of Taf
fy's onslaught, and my only thought Was
to conceal the fact from the audirJp^.
Of course I was obliged to go ihrofigh
my death struggle as faithfullyfLs pos
sible, but all the time I felt that those
infernal whiskers were slowly but surely
slipping away from their moorings, and
the only question was how long would it
be before they would fall to the floor and
turn the death scene into a farce com
edy. I assure you that I never before
had felt such an anxious desire to die,
for death would have been a welcome
relief and saved me from ridicule. I
every nerve in my face in the
fond hope that the whiskers would ad
here, and in falling backward on the ta
ble I could feel large beads of per
spiration on my brow, for it seemed to
me that they had at last fallen. My
fears were ill founded, however, for they
clung to me, and when I had assumed
my recumbent position and given up the
ghost, my beloved whiskers gracefully
fell back to their proper position and the
scene was saved. That was one case at
least wherein death brought a welcome
relief, but It was a horrible death."
NEARLY LOST
HIS
WHISKERS.
Hnn. Phil Metchan, State Treasurer
of Oregon, is making a visit to this city
in company with his wife, and has taken
apartments at the Baldwin.
Thomas J. Kirk. Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction of Fresno, and Li. McDon
ald, a mining man of French Gulch, are
among the arrivals at the Lick.
W. L. Hardison of Santa Paula, Lewis
W. Andrews of Ventura and A. G. Gas
sin of San Diego put their names on the
Palace register yesterday morning.
W. C. Hawley of Salem, Or., who is a
delegate to the convention of the Wood
men of the World, which meets in this
city next week, is registered at the Cal
ifornia,
The judiciary are well represented at
the Grand in the persons of Judge W.
11. Clarke of Los Angeles, Judge John
F. Ellison of Bed Bluff and Judge J. S.
Beard of Yreka.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— Theodore C.
Marceau and A. J. Bowie of San Fran
cisco are at the Waldorf-Astoria, Charles
L. Asher and J. Baumgarten of San
Francisco are at the Hoffman and J. O.
Haynes of San Jose is at the Bucking
ham. ,
MY LEEDLE FRITZ.
Der day is done und der shadows play
Vare he sleeps— my leedle Fritz!
JLlnd der curious moonbeams sofdly sdray
"Vare he sleeps — my leedle Fritz!
His vite vooly dog lies on his breast,
Und der monkey on a stick vot he luffs
der best
In his small, chubby hants Is closely
pressed —
Und he sleeps — my leedle Fritz!
Der night vinds call bud he doan's reply,
For he sleeps— my leedle Fritz!
Den dey vander avay mit a mournful sigh.
Bud he sleeps— my leedle Fritz!
His blue Noah's Ark stants on der floor,
Und Shem und Ham keeb vatch in der
door.
Bud he doan'd come und talk mit dem no
more.
For he sleeps — my leedle Fritz!
Der vorld is a dark und lonely blaca
Yen he sleeps — my leedle Fritz!
For der light uf der sun vas in his face,
I'nd he sleeps — my leedle Fritz!
His toys dey are stanting all in a row,
Und his leedle rocky-horse id vispers low,
"Der angels vanted him back, und so
He sleeps — our leedle Fritz!"
— Baltimore News.
AGAINST TORPEDOES IN FIGHT
ING SHIPS.
One of the recommendations of the
board of officers appointed to examine
the four Spanish cruisers sunk off San
tiago will, we believe, commend itself to
almost all students of the art of making
warships. The experts, who report that
the Maria Teresa and Cristobal Colon
may be saved, if dealt with promptly,
advise that hereafter no torpedoes shall
Court: but the Investigation had by the Ma
sonic lodge, where the whole transaction wai
fully investigated, not through fte technical
medium of legal procedure, but upon the equu
abie principles of Maeonlc justice, and in wnicn
a unanimous verdict was found in my iavor
disposes of even- criticism that could be m jj ae
against my conduct in this matter. This Ma
sonic verdict has been accepted ana ne\er
questioned by the citizens of Los A/igeles, f; nu
no one who knows anything of the matter
would say aught against me because of any
thing connected with this transaction. My me
among these good people has been an open
book; they know me. and I leave them to BpeaK
of me and of all that I have ever done.
HENRT T. GAGE.
The affidavit by his Masonic brethren,
referred to by Mr. Gage, follows:
State of California,
County of Loa Angeles, ss.
W. W. Robinson, S. Stoll and John D. dek
nell. being each severally sworn, depose ana
That they are now and were at all dates
hereinafter mentioned, members of Pentalpha
Lodge No. 2t)2, F. and A. Masons, in Los An
geles, Cal., and are Past Masters thereof.
That some time In the year IS7S a charge
was preferred In said l»dge against Brother
Henry T. Gage by Brother George Hinds, of
unmasonlc conduct; that ficcnmpanying said
charge were several specifications, the K<n
eral effect of which was that Faid Henry T.
Gage had attempted to defraud said Hinds
of an interest in a certain band or flock of
sheep in which a relative of ?ald Henry T.
Gage, by the name of D. W. Gape, was inter
e*trd with said Hinds. That said lodge pro
ceeded according to Maisonic usages to elect
seven commissioners to investigate said
charges, and a regular trial was had : that
the undersigned were members of said commis
sion and participated In said trial. That said
Hinds and said Henry T. Gage and other wit
nesses appeared before said commissioners, and
a full Investigation was had thereon, and all
matters mentioned in the said several specifi
cations were fully and duly considered by said
commission; and after such full Investigation
the unanimous verdict of the cnmmlasi .m-ix
was that said Henry T. Gage was not guilty
of any of the charges preferred against him,
and he was thereupon exonerated, and there
after retained his good Masonic standing as
if no such charges had been made.
w. w. robixbox.
JOHX D. CICKXELL,
S. STOLL,.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of August. 1898.
[Seal.] JOHN C. BOWLEY,
Notary Public in and for the County of Los
Angeles, State of California.
be carried on fighting vessels. The Viz
caya, it appears, was blown up by one of
her own torpedoes, very probably not
with the Intention of her crew.
Torpedoes on modern battleships repre
sent, in addition to very great danger to
the ship itself, through the possibility of
being exploded by an enemy's gun fire,
j the complicated plant and the crr-vs of
I half a dozen tubes. There is mai'inery
to charge them with air. with pipes run
ning to every station, together with the
lines of communication with me cap
! tain. It all makes a costly arrangement
I for which, of course, other interests of
! the ship are sacrificed; and in the light
I of marine warfare as it ha« been revealed \
I by our recent encounters, its chances of
; usefulness are extremely remote.
Long range will herea"fter be the usual
order of sea fighting, the superior marks
man preferring to deal out destru. -lion
from a distance to coming so near that
hits would be scored by his antagonist
even if most inferior in gunnery. A com
mander probably will not close, except in
desperation, in which case his more hope
ful opponent will keep away. The battle
will virtually be over, with one side prac
tically defeated, before the winner will
incline to come within torpedo range.
The certainty with which torpedo boats
will be sunk by well-trained gunners, 11
! lustrated at San Juan and at Santiago,
: may change the general opinion as to the
value of torpedo boats pure and simple;
! but In genuine fighting-ships torpedoes
' seem plainly out of place and full of vast
i ly greater danger to their 'own side than
' to the other. Probably it will be well to
take out the torpedo tubes on the fight
ing craft we have, leaving them out. of
course, on ships yet to come. — New York
! Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SKIN FOOD— J. H., City. This depart
ment cannot prescribe skin food, for what
might be good for one might be harmful
for another. You should consult a rep
utable dermatologist.
ARTir.T.ERY CONDrCTORS— S., City.
Those artillerymen In the Royal artillery
who, in the field, have charge of the am
munition wagons, are those who are
known as the conductors.
ELECTRICITY— Reader, City. If you
will go to the San Francisco Free Public
Library you wiil find there a long list of
booka on electricity which will give you
all the knowledge you may desire.
RUBAIYAT OF OMAR KHAYYAM—
H. Sebastopol, CaJ. The pronunciation of
Rubaiyat is as if written rue-bay-yat,
and that of Khayyam is Ki-yam. with the
sound of i as i In pine and the sound of a
as a In far.
GOPHERS— S. If gophers are not too nu
merous, the best means to got rid of them
is by trap. If plentiful, one of the besr
methods If to procure from a drugstore
a compound uiat can be used to suffocate
them in their holes.
THE CHICAGO FAIR— X. P., City. At
the World's Fair in Chicago, May 1 to Oc
tober 30, 1893, the number of paid admis
sions were: Adults 20,224,557; children,
1.225.554: total. 21.450.141: free admissions,
6,059,380; grand total, 27,559,521.
THE PRESIDENCY— F. O. Z., City. It
is not necessary that the parents of a
man should have been born In the United
States to make him eligible for the office
of President of the I'nited States. The
constitution says "No person except a
naturai-born citizen or a citizen of the
Vnited States at the time of the adoption
of this constitution shall be eligible to the
office of President."
A SIMILE— J. S. ? San Jose, 6al. In the
first three lines of the following quota
tion from the "Prisoner of Chilton" there
is a metaphor, and in the last two a
simile:
A sunbeam which hath lost its way,
And through the crevice and the cleft
Of the thick wall is fallen and left,
Creeping o'er the floor so damp,
Like a marsh's meteor lamp.
PROVINCE— J. L.. City. The definition
of province as applied to country has al
ready been Riven in this department and
there is nothing to be added to what has
already been given. The province of Po
sen is one of the component parts of the
kingdom of Prussia and the name of that
territory, by the law and the custom of
the country, is province. There is nothing
in the world to prevent your friend, if he
does not like the designation, to call that
territory a State or a county or anything
he pleases.
A QUESTION IN CRIBBAGE— Inq.,
City. The question "Four persons play a
game of cribbage. Can each player hoi i
twenty-four points and have twenty-four
in the crib?" was submitted to an expert,
who gives the following answer:
A holds two fours and two fives 21
B holds two fours and two fivj?s 24
C holds two sevens and two eights 24
D holds two sevens and two eights 24
The crib has three sixes and one three.. 24
Six turned up.
MAIL, FOR MANILA— One of the sol
diers, City. Mail for Manila is taken by
every steamer that sails for China. The
latest that mail should be deposited is on
the evening before the departure of the
vessel announced to sail. It will be re
ceived on board the vessel up to within a
few minutes of sailing If the same is en
closed in a Government stamped envelope.
An envelope to which a stamp has been
affixed will not be received. Watch the
advertisements in The Call for the de
parture of steamers for that point.
GRAHAM BISCUIT— J. H., City. It is
said the only Ingredients that ought to
be used in the preparation of graham
flour in the shape of biscuits or crackers
are graham flour, boiling water and salt,
in the proportion of one pint of flour to
nearly a quart of water an v a teaspoor.
ful of salt. This should be rollod to the
thickness of a quarter of an inch, cut in
round cakes, placed on a buttered pan
and baked in a very hot oven. This is
given for what it is worth, and it is said
to be the only way to obtain the full nu
tritive value of the graham flour.
WOMAN'S FEDERATION— A. S., City.
The Woman's Federation, which holds
I meetings every Monday afternoon in the
' Red Men's building, on Post street, is or
i ganized for the purpose of improving the
I condition of woman in every way that it
can be done. The federation has special
committees that look after prisons, fcaaai
tals, morality and almost everything that
suggests itself for the betterment of
woman. The officers are Mrs. Eva E.
Bates. 2203 Steiner street, president; Mrs.
Lilia May Kimball, 1714 Mason street, sec
retary; Mrs. L. H. Rinner, treasurer, and
Mrs. "M. E. Phillips, financial secretary.
The meetings are open to ladies.
BRIGADIER GENERAL. WRIGHT—
Silver Heights, City. The body of Brig
adier General Wright. U. S. A., and that
of his wife, who were drowned by the
foundering of the Brother Jonathan July
01 1565, was not recovered until October
of that year. The remains were brouht
to San Francisco October 12, funeral ser
vices were held in Calvary Church on
the 21st and then the remains were taken
to Sacramento, where they were laid at
rest on the 22d.
RIFLE AND RUST-D. C. V.. City. If
the Interior of a rifle is rusted and the
rifle is one that is commonly used for
target practice send it to a factory and
have it rebored. If it is any other kind
of a rifle throw It away where it will do
no harm to you or anybody else A rifle
that Is rusted on the inside of the barrc
19 a dangerous weapon. It is said that aft
ointment made up of corrosive sub imato
and lard is a good preventive of rust in
guns, especially at the seashore. It »s
also said that all Bteel articles rain be
perfectly prenerved by put imp a lump .if
frtshlv burned lii.ie in a drawer where
the article Is kept. If it ts to be moved
about, as, for instance, a gun in Its case,
the lime should be put in a muslin bag.
The lime absorbs all the moisture.
IN THE NAVY-L. de M., City. Tha
rank in the United States navy, from cap
tain down, is as follows: Captain, com
mander, lieutenant-commander, lieuten
ant, lieutenant junior grade, ensign, na
val cadet, mate, medical and pay direct
or, chief engineer, fleet surgeon, fleet pay
master, fleet engineer, passed assistant
surf."'on, passed assistant paymaster,
passed assistant engineer, assistant sur
geon, assistant paymaster, assistant en
gineer, naval constructor, assistant con
structor, chaplain, professor of mathe
matics and civil engineering, boatswain,
gunner, carpenter, sailmaker. secretary,
clerk, chief petty officers, petty officers
of the first class, of the second class ana
of the thiril class, seamen of the first,
second and third class.
The pay of chief quartermaster is $50
per month.
COUSINS— F. S., City. The children of
brothers and sisters are called cousins,
cousins german, first cousins or full coua
ins. Often, however, the term second
cousin is loosely applied to the son or
daughter of a cousin german, more prop
erly called a first cousin once removed.
A first cousin once removed is the child's
first cousin; a first cousin twice removed
is the grandchild of one's first cousin; a
second cousin once removed is the child
of one's second cousin. A first cousin
once removed is sometimes called a sec
ond cousin, followed by a third, etc. The
relation of an individual to his father's
cousin is that of a first cousin, once re
moved, or second cousin, and his relation
to his father's cousin's child is that of
first cousin twice removed, or third
cousin. The communication relative to
A, B, C and D does not state the relation
of the principals clearly enough to admit
of an answer. The above rule as to con
sanguinity will, no doubt, help you in
solving the problem you want answered.
If th«> parties do not come within the rule
quoted, then the children are not cousins.
DENSITY OF WATER— T. S. M., Fort
Point, City. In view of the fact that the
depth of the ocean has never been fath
j omed, it is impossible to tell if a solid
piece of iron would go to the bottom. Close
to the east coast of Japan the current
flows through a marine valley, which in
1875 was sounded from the United States
steamer Tusuarora to a depth of five and
a quarter miles. . The heavy sounding
\ weight took, more than an hour to sink to
the bottom. A trial was made of a chasm
| still deeper where the lead did not fetch
; up bottom and that is said to be the only
ocean depth that remains unfathomed.
As to how far a solid piece of iron will
sink depends upon the size of the piece,
the depth of the water and its density.
Scientists assert that at a depth of 6000
feet in the ocean the wjiter is so dense
thi. t each square inch will support a weight
of 264.S pounds. If that is true a one- thou
sand pound projectile would not go to the
bottom where the depth is in excess of
6000 feet.
MERCIFUL WAR.
The Star is under the impression th§t
it was General P. G. T. Beauregarcl who,
preparatory to the bloody battle ot Sbhi
loh, In general orders, cautioned his sol
diers to shoot low — to strike the lower
limbs of the enemy— to wound rather
than to kill, for the reason that a wound
ed man almost invariably took from the
field two able-bodied attendants, while
Uit dead body was left to be cared for
at a more convenient time. The order,
bowever, whoever may have issued it,
v.'as based upon sound reasoning, and if
acted upon on every battlefield would
much more quickly put une side or the
ether hors de combat than where the
sole aim was to kill.
Evidently the inventor of the Mauser
bullet, used by the Spaniards at San
tiago, had this idea in view, and the re
sult has demonstrated the correctness of
his theory. Major Lagarde, in char^ft
of the hospitals at Siboney, states that
the number of wounded in proportion to
the killed is very materially increased,
a:id further, that the victims of the lat
est missile "show few of fhe injuries suf
fered from the old leaden bullet of larger
caliber, such as to." It is shown, also,
if such a thing is possible, to be a merci
ful bullet, for the major reports, that
while "the number of wounded is in
creased the dangerous nature of the
wounds has been wonderfully diminished,
and owing to the reduced caliber of the
projectiles amputation and resection has
been rarely necessary," and then, again,
he says, aside from wounds in organs
wtui fluid contents, the injuries lrvflicted
aie "trivial, and seldom serious enough
to compel the wounded men to keep to
tnetr beds unless the bullets should b«
lodged." Even then the wounded merely
show "slight localized pneumonia."
We have heard much during our long 1
term of peace of an attempt to intro
duce more humane projectiles into the
cruel business of war, and if the re
ports of Maior Lagnrde prove to be well
founded many a wounded American sol
dier from in front of Santiago will have
reason to l>e thankful that the effort nas
proved successful.— St. Louis Post-Dis
patch.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Going out of business; best eyeglasses,
specs. IBc to 40c. 65 Fourth, near barber. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ukiah and Return $2.
There will be a special excursion to
T'kiah Sunday, August 21, leaving Tibu
ron Ferry at 8 a. m., and for which the
fare for the round trip will be only $2.
The time for departure from Ukiah will
be 4:30 p. m., giving four hours there,
ar.d affording plenty of time to visit the
fish hatchery of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway. Vichy Springs,
and the many other points of Interest. •
Turkey, partly from necessity and part
ly from choice, is the most warlike of the
European nations. Her record from the
beginning of the century to the end of ISO 6
was thirty-seven years of war to sixty
five of peace; Spain, with thirty-one years
of war to sixty-five of peace, has second
place; then comes. France, with twenty-
B« vpp. years of war and sixty-nine of
peace. Russia during the ninety-six years
had twenty-four years of war: Italy
twenty-three; England, twenty-one; Aus
tria-Hungary, seventeen; the Netherlands
fourteen; Germany (exclusive of Prussia),
thirteen; Prussia, twelve: Sweden ton-
Portugal, twelve, and Denmark ' nine.
There was peace for European powers in
the periods of ISI6-IS, IS4I-47. IS7P-Sl, and
from IRSI> up to the war between Turkey
and Greece.— Philadelphia Ledger.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing- Syrup"
Haa been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Ma
Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new tirket office, 628 Market.
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay »2 BO per day. Apply at 4 New
MnntgoiaaEy atraai. San Francisco.SWALLOWED
FUSION LIKE
LITTLE MEN
The Fire=Eaters Did Not
Rave When the fledicine
Was Presented.
A Cut=and=Dried Programme Was Wel
come, but This One Was Altogether
Too Coarse.
BY HENRY JAMES,
CAL.L, HEADOUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 18.— Yesterday there
were plenty of Democrats swearing by
Uhe shade of Jefferson they would
.never submit to fusion. To-day they
meekly submitted. The ox and the
I ass are duly yoked.
■ lam bound to say the situation Is
not wholly pleasing to either member
of the team.
: ; The report of the fusion committee
was received almost as soon as the con
. vention had been called to order. There
was no opposition, no enthusiasm. The
Democrats who had threatened to
speak against it were silent, and when
a Democrat is silent he has been hard
Jtttl After fusion had gone through
with a rush Deuprey arose in his place
and- began to talk. The day was hot,
the electric fan was at rest and no
"body felt in a mood to hear remarks
from ' anybody but himself. Voices
suggested wearily that Deuprey go to
the platform and he went, despite the
;fact that Chairman Cassin declared
.thig unnecessary.
I digress to state that as a chairman
CaKsi-n is the most inadequate and
helpless person ever holding the gavel.
He does not have the faculty of con
trailing mon and he kn^ws no more
about parliamentary law than an ele
phant does of rope walking.
Po Deuprey tnnk the platform. He
explained hoarsely, for some of the
thunder he has hurled has strained his
vi-.ral. cords, that he did not think the
gamg- should be delayed until the adop
tion; of the platform, but should pro
ceed' at once to nominations.
■■■ Th'.e plan was accepted, for the can
aidWtes would have to stand on the
platform when they got one anyhow, j
There was a little noise, some talking, i
ho; attention to Cassin and then Al- j
ford came forward.
To this young man had been dele
gated 1 the task of nominating a can
didate for the Governorship and there
was a suspicion that Maguire would
■be the- choice. Such proved to be the
"casi?; .. . Alford had a speech all ready.
Considered apart from its delivery, It |
Vfis hot a bad one. It told of the |
mallow light of history and the camp- i
"hires .of progress, touched upon Indus- |
trial freedom, and to the accompani- j
merit of casual and modest applause,
finally reached Maguire. Then there j
.trere yells, but nothing indicating a j
wild, enthusiasm.
I was surprised at this.
Maguire being regarded as the only j
man on the cross-bred ticket sup- |
poRPd to have a ghost of a show of
election, there might have been an ex
cuse for noise. Alford proceeded to |
Say. that In the presence of Maguire
eulogy, stood mute, and then launched
into a wild encomium which boosted
Maguire far above the clouds and left
him bereft of human company, but
thrilled by the flutter of angel wings.
I had not known that Maguire was
so good. If all Alford said is true.
heaven is Maguire's home.
••:: Senator White's seconding speech
was- dignified, marked by many strong
points and happy in its allusions to
th-e soldiers' and sailors' recent
triumphs by land and sea. It was not
lacking in quality of pathos and the
reserved tone in which it was deliv
ered added much to its effectiveness.
There was in it no trace of the bitter
ness which had marked Alford's, which
•seemed to have been colored by a no
tion that the press had been unkind.
"-■. Here came nominations to the Su
preme bench. I violate no confidence
in saying that they were a weariness
to the soul. Every man with a can
didate to propose had also a speech of
great length and inutility. He ap
peared to feel it incumbent to give the
biography of the aspirant, not only
.from the cradle to the glorious pres
ent, but for about three generations
.back and an eternity ahead. He would
'.amble on with a riot of words and
phrases, with laree chunks of personal
and wholly uninteresting history. The
speaker would express his own emo- j
tlons. perspiring the while profusely, j
growing red in face, bending, gesticu
lating, and in the audience others
woujd be waiting for a chance to do
. the same thing.
■.■ The speeches should have been llm- j
lted to two minutes. I did not time j
therft. Probably they averaged ten or ;
twelve minutes, but they struck the
senses as about an hour and a half |
each. Between the speeches Cassin j
would beg that order be preserved, but |
he could not induce any one to take j
his view of it. After all the speeches
devoted to eulogizing everything In j
sight, to memory dear, or extent In j
: the vague realm of hope, the flow of I
■eloquence was dammed, so that action
: .eoutd be taken concerning the plat
form. I. trust the esteemed compositor
will spell the word clammed correctly,
although, except for morality's sake, 'he
ought to spell it the other way.
. : The platform was read in a droning
monotone calculated to induce slumber.
It received little attention, excited
hardly a ripple of cheering and as it
conformed to the programme in all re
spects was adopted. Just as the norni- J
nation of Maguire was made by accla
mation. There was simply no other
course to take.
While the convention dragged along
•there were members outside who were i
attending to other prescribed details, j
Barry got the ' nomination in the j
Fourth Congressional District, but not j
until McNab had it offered to him with
a string attached. With a gesture
patterned after that used by Caesar,
when he rejected a crown, McNab mo- i
tioned the bauble away and the string
was pulled.
After recess occurred the event of
the day— Maguire's speech.
It was a sensible, moderate effort,
listened to attentively and received
with every token of respect. But still
there was a chronic absence of enthu
siasm. The cheers were perfunctory
and soon died away. Maguire's as
sociate on the ticket also appeared. He
was a stranger to most of the dele
gates and will probably remain so-
Kvertheless he was heard respectful
which may reasonably be construed
a compliment.
Thile a roll call on Supreme Court
idldates was in progress, Mr. Ma
guire was among his friends on the
floor.
I could not help wondering why he
should wait to enter what seems now
a hopeless race for the Governorship
when he could, If he wished, remain
in CongTess. The Governorship Is a
thankless job, with not enough patron
age to go around, and a term in the
chair certain to end amid the assaults
of a crop of enemies in one's own
party. And a campaign for the Gov
ernorship, backed by disgruntled Dem
ocrats and Populists who have grabbed
most of the places and regret not hav
ing grabbed all, does not seem to me
rich in promise.
A notable feature of the second roll
call was the effort of some of the Los
Angeles men to break away from gag
rule, by which they had been voted in
every proposition. They were not al
lowed the breakawa- Patton and
the other prominent members could not
understand why their fteretofore tract
able followers should haye presumed
to have minds of their own. The pre
sumption could not be sustained. Lo
Angeles was temporarily passed ant
I ten its turn came again voted it
id eighty-one,
'he motive of Los Angeles is plain
Is going to down the bosses, eve
t has to set up a few of its own.
leantime Dockweiler has assumei
:he gavel, because Cassin had foun<
the task too much for him. It re
luired Dockweiler about two second
Ktralghten out this disorderly rab
which was standing or moving
it, talking and laughing with total
disregard of the frantic plea of Cas
3in. Some people have greatness thrust
upon them and it proves a misfit. Cas
sin belongs to this class. During the
final moments of the struggle, and
after the fact had become plain that
Coffey would be defeated, I noticed lit
tle Andy Lawrence sitting in the atti
tude of despair. He had been the big
bug of the Coffey fight.
He had given odds to Mayor Phelan,
conferred with Tarpey and buzxed like
a bee, hopped like a cricket, as his
wont; snorted, ranted, tore his hair,
struck his Napoleonic pose; he had
scowled, been terrible as Jove, impll
cable as death, devastating as a cy
clone. People had looked at him and
trembled. He had looked at them and
they had shriveled vp — yet he got It
in the neck.
It is a pity that a man like Coffey,
impelled by a worthy ambition to seek
a place on the Supreme bench, should
be weighted, hampered, crippled, by
having to appear as the candidate of a
characterless nobody, whom luck has
foisted into a temporary show of in
fluence. When the convention under
stood that Andy was back of Coffey
opposition to Coffey gained strength it
could have obtained in no other way.
Matters were worse when Los An
geles came to the rescue of the San
Francisco contingent. In their eager
ness to rebuke the cheek of Andy and
teach Los Angeles a lesson, the other
delegates united, and the fate of the
Coffey boom was sealed. Both of
fenders deserved the rebuke, but It
was hard on Coffey. Los Angeles has
earned the distinction of being the
most unpopular delegation in the hall,
and Andy of being one of the most
shameless men in California.
So, for their sakes, the knife was put
Into San Francisco.
It was at this stage of the proceed
ings that Andy gathered himself Into
a darkened room and mourned as one
who could not he comforted.
During the closing moments of the
contest there was a remarkable scene.
With a little stronger element of anger
it might have been a riot. Poor Cas
sin pounded and shouted, and when the
people got ready they permitted quiet
to be restored. The sergeant-at-arms
had been instructed to corral the tur
bulent. He did not try it. They sim
ply came back when they got ready
and they turned a triumphant torrent
of votes In Conley's favor. The last
moments of this vote were marked by
a desperate struggle, a veritable pan
demonium, through which the thump
of the gavel beat an irregular anvil
chorus. Hats were thrown Into the
air, and men gesticulated wildly,
standing on their chairs until Jostled
off. But It was enthusiasm and some
thing of the kind had been needed.
When Judge Conley came forward to
make a speech there was quiet. It '
was a boon. There had not been any
worth remembering for several hours.
Thanks are due the "Examiner man
agement for the distribution of that
paper In the convention each morning.
It can be folded so as to make a very
acceptable fan, and drive away the
heat while one Is reading The Call. I
happened to see that an article in It
yesterday had been written by Al
phonso Murphy, and this morning that
there was one from Al Murphy. Mr.
Murphy explains that his name is real
ly Alphonse de la Guerra; that he
called it Murphy for fear the Demo
crats would think him a dude, and that
while he descended from a Spanish
grandee, he does not believe in swell-
Ing around on the strength of his blue
blood. 80. by special request, he la
plain "Al" again, not deeming that his
salary warrants him In lending courtly
clamour to his environment, and think
ing "Alphonse" Incompatible with
steam beer. Perhaps this Is a diver- i
gence from convention matter, but it \p
pleasing to wander away from a pro
gramme bearing the thumb marks of I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
| McNab and shining with the radiance
of Los Angeles' purity.
Th^re was an expectation that the
! evening session would be short, being
j based upon a belief that the lambs had
been selected in advance for the slaugh
ter and little remained but to name
them.
This expectation was not realized.
I Proceedings were matter of fact, with
!no greater tumult than was raised
when the chairman ordered the "gen
tleman with the white pants to 3it
! down."
Among the curiosities of the conven
tion is the nomination to Ccmgress of
J. Aubrey Jones, who 19 a Silver Re
publican. The nomination shows that
Democrats do not propose to sacrifice
themselves, so long as the vicarious
method remains available. If there is
a fighting chance the Democrats tum
>ble over each other to get it. If noth
ing but the upholding of a principle is
at stake they want somebody else to
uphold it.
A convention is a good place for the
study of human nature. Men forget
their manners, as Mayor Phelan for
gets his dignity and yells. He even an
nounces the solid vote of his delega
tion, and is promptly corrected by mem
bers who want to vote anc-ther way.
Delegations dare not go on record un
til they have retired into caucus and
received their orders from the boss.
Affairs are not conducted in a way ln
di.Jitive of high intelligence. Either
thP* la* or they go with a chaotic rush.
reachir»< a climax in confusion inde
scribable. Still there are occasions of
generous action, as when Eidelman. de
feated by Green, moved to make the
nomination unanimous and took the
victor by the hand. tj~«,<^
When a gentleman named Rogers
was nominated for Surveyor General
the fact came up that he was a Popu
list He was called for and 1 must say
that he manifested every outward
symptom of a Populist of the middle
of-the-road sort. But he told that he
had voted for Democratic nominees for
the Presidency from Lewiß Cass to
Bryan and for Democratic Governors
from Burnett to Budd. They cheered
him shouted for him, waved their hats
and' then beat him. Now, according to
contract, he must get off the Populist
ticket. As a rule the evening was as
devoid of incident as a fish is of feath
ers Nominating speeches were limited
to three minutes and they would have
been improved by a limit of three sec
onds. As to the details of the various
little fights they are hardly important
enough to record. Members became
quiescent toward the last. To have
aroused them to a scrapping frame of
mind would have required more provo
cation than anybody had the energy to
give. They made a moderate and seem
ly uproar over Woodman's triumph.
There was a vote of thanks to the
officers of the convention. I did not
see why, but the resolution was
amended so as to include the people of
Sacramento. I could understand. Just
at midnight the chairman made his
last blunder, the convention came to
an end. Graveyards yawned and so
did most of the people in the pavilion.
DAVIS FQR PARDEE.
The Former Will Abide by the De-
cision of the Primaries.
CALL HEADQI'ARTERS, Oakland,
Aug. 18.— An effort is being made among
that large element of the Republican
party of this county that has
for years been the friend of
both Dr. Pardee and Mr. Davis, to
have the latter nominate the doctor at
the State convention next week. The
matter has not yet been presented to
either of the gentlemen, nor will it be
until it is certain that the idea will meet
with favor from all concerned.
Much good feeling has been created by
the fact that on Saturday evening as
soon as the result of the primaries was
known Mr. Davis went to his office and
wrote several very frank straightforward
letters to some of his leading supporters.
In these letters he positively stated that
he wanted no one who had worked for
him to entertain the slightest ill-feeling
over the result of the primaries, but to
do all in his power to furt-.er the can
didacy of Dr. Pardee. He requested that
no criticisms be made, no personal views
exploited, but that everytning be done
to insure the nomination of an Alameda
County man for Governor. It is conceded
on all sides that Mr. Davis has proved
to be the gamest loser Alameda County
has ever known. The idea of trying to
bring about such a situation by which Mr.
Davis would nominate Dr. Pardee is sole
ly for the purpose of fostering the fact
that Alameda, although lighting within
Itself for a year, is now a unit in its
choice of a man for the head of the
ticket. Mr. Davis Is well known as one
of the leading Republican orators of the
State, and the majority of the Alameda
County Republicans are anxious that he
should place the name of Pardee before
the convention at Sacramento next week.
The main topic of conversation to-day
is the great sweep made by Victor Met
calf yesterday, in which he completely
routed Mr. Hilborn's forces in Alameda,
Contra Costa and Yolo counties. There
is a very close vote in the Fiftieth As
sembly District which Mr. Hilborn's
friends declare will result in his favor,
should the district be recounted. There
are, however, but ten votes in the dis
trict, and even should they all be con.
ceded to Mr. Hilborn, Mr. Metcalf still
has more than enough to nominate in
Alameda County alone, without the seven
from Yolo, the nine from Contra Costa,
the three from Solano, and probably one
from Lake, of which he is certain. In
the Fiftieth District Is the Second Ward,
wherein lives Superintendent Leach of
the Mint, and Councilman F. R. Girard.
It Is the largest district geographically,
but one of the smallest In point of votes.
Last night Metcalf led Hilborn by two
votes, the figures being 891 and 893 re- \
spectively. A closer Inspection of a few
scratched ballots has made the figures
equal with two ballots that will probably ;
be construed as being favorable to Met
calf. It is not at all unlikely that pure
ly from political etiquette this district
will be allowed to Air. Hilborn, out of
courtesy partly to him and partly to Mr. ;
Leach.
Mr. Motcalf. discussing his success to- !
day, said: "The very handsome Indorse
ment which my candidacy has received
cannot be other than a source of pro- ;
found gratification to me. I do not, how
ever, for a moment forget the responsi
bilities which follow. It will be my life
long endeavor to justify the confidence
reposed in me. I know that the only
return desired is that I shall serve my
district and its people faithfully and ener
getically and that I shall certainly do.
I am not unmindful that my success is
Mr. Hilborn's defeat. Toward him I
have none but the kindliest feelings, and j
of him I have never said a word of dls- .
paraßement. The choice was fairly left j
to the voters with such odds In Mr. Hil- j
horn's favor as belong to the man In of
fice against the untried candidate."
Judge NuHbaume.r, who has managed
Mr. Metcalf'B campaign, made a state
ment to The Call last Tuesday, In which
he said that Alameda would go solid for I
Metcalf and have twenty-three votes
from outsldo counties. He is now con- [
gratulatingr himself that his prediction [
has been verified with the exception that (
Metcalf has twenty-two Instead of twen- i
ty-three outside votes.
One of the warmest centers of the con- '
filet was Mr. Hllborn's home ward, the
Seventh. On the night before the pri
maries some of Metcalf's friends would j
not have bet a cent on that ward, but
the result showed that a complete change
had come over It, for Mr. Metcalf ob- I
talned a majority of forty-one. Postmas
ter Friend, who is chairman of the Third i
District Congressional committee, kept i
aloof from the war during yesterday. His i
son. W. Nat Friend, president of the
Fifth Ward Pardee Club, rendered faith
ful service to the man who had rewarded !
his father, and the result shows that his
precinct in the Fifth Ward gave Mr. Htl- '
born a majority of seventeen. The cam
paign made by Mr. Metcalf's managers
was undoubtedly the most perfect, ag
gressive and intelligent ever put up in
Alameda County. Those who worked
most actively in the successiul candi
date's behalf were Judge Nusbaumer.
George W. Reeu. T. T. Dargie, H. O.
Trowhrldge, Will Henshaw and M. C.
Chapman.
SACRAMENTO PATRIOTS.
Administration of President McKin
ley Commended and a County
Ticket Put Up.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. IS.-The Republi
can County convention held here to-nigrht
was a large and enthusiastic body. The
platform commends the administration
of President McKinley; glorifies the valor
of American ar*ns, and severely con
demns the administration of Governor
Budil. especially In relation to the closing
of the State Printing Office.
The ticket nominated is as follows:
Sheriff, Frank i\ Johnson; Clerk, W.
N. Lamphrey; Auditor, R. T. Conn; As
sessor, T. H. Berkey; District Attorney,
C. T. Jones; Superintendent of Schools,
B. P. Howard; Public Administrator, S.
B. Smith; Surveyor. J. C. Boyd; Treas
urer, A. S. Greenlaw; Coroner. G. C. Mc-
Mullen; Assembly, Twentieth District,
Grove L. Johnson: Twenty-first District,
W. D. Knights: Twenty-second District,
William Johnston; Supervisors— First
District, Dugald Gillie; Fifth District,
Thomas Jenkins.
COLUSA DELEGATES.
Congressional Members Instructed to
Vote for S. G. Hilborn.
COLUSA, Aug. 18.— The Republican
county convention met yesterday after
noon and nominated the following ticket:
Sheriff, E. W. Jones; County Auditor, L.
L. Hicok; Tax Collector, Henry Kraft;
District Attorney, W. G. Dyas; Coroner
and Public Administrator. J. D. McNary;
Superintendent of Schools, J. E. Hayman;
Surveyor. J. W. Kearth; Treasurer, T. O.
Arens. No nominations were made for
Clerk or Assessor.
The following are delegates to the
State convention: J. W. Browning, Ern
est Weyand. J. H. Rathbun, W. H. Rear
don To the Congressional convention the
following, who were requested to vote for
S G Hilborn for Congress, were nomi
nated: J. W. Kearth, J. H. Balsdon, J.
H. Rathbun and O. W. Jones.
Napa for Barham.
NAPA. Aug. 18.— The Republican county
convention session to-day elected the fol
lowing delegates to the State and Con
gressional conventions: Percy S. King,
W. F. Fisher, Owen Wade, W. F. Mixon,
J Frye, B. M. Ncwcomb, G. W. Strohl,
T B Hutchinson. E. Z. Hennessey, W. H.
Corlett P. H. Herley. J. A. Barham was
indorsed for Congress and A. J. Buckles
for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court.
McCord of Kings for Senator.
VISALIA, Aug. IS.— The Republican
Thirty-second Senatorial District conven
tion was held t..is afternoon. F. Mclver
of Inyo County, chairman. George B.
McCord of Kings County was nominated
for the Senate.
Tomlin's Classes.
At Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter Bt., to-day,
Friday, teachers' class at 4 o'clock p. m.,
choral rehearsal at 8 o'clock p. m.. class In
psalmody or hymn tunes, Saturday, August
20, at 8 o'clock p. m. : class for ladles, "Talks
on Music," to b« formed Wednesday, August
24, at 11 o'clock au nu
THE SLATE
PROGRAMME
CARRIED OUT
Congressional Can
didates Put on
the Ticket
McNab Got the Com
plimentary Vote He
Fished For,
BUT BARRY GOT THE PLUM.
Election Returns Will
Show It Is Also
Complimentary.
FOR CONGRESS.
FIRBT DISTRICT— M. E. DITT
MAR of Shasta.
SECOND DISTRICT — MARION
DE VRIES of San Joaquin.
THIRD DISTRICT— JOHN AU
BREY JONES of Alameda.
FOURTH DISTRICT— JAMES H.
BARRY of San Francisco.
FIFTH DISTRICT — WILLIAM
CRAIG of San Francisco.
SIXTH DISTRICT — CHARLES
A. BARLOW of San Luis Obispo.
SEVENTH DISTRICT — C. H.
CASTLE of Merced.
STATE CENTRAL COM-
MITTEE.
J. C. RUDDICK of Mendocino.
T. B. DOZIER of Shasta.
PETER J. SHIELDS of Sacramento.
J, D. SPROULE of Butte.
M. F. TARPEY of Alameda.
RALEIGH BARCAR of Solano.
CUT US BAR BOHR of San Francisco.
.M. H. HERNAN of San Francisco.
W P. BELL of Santa Clara.
CHARLES W. FAY of San Francisco.
B. SARGENT of Montorey.
JOHN T. GAFFEY of Los Anfteles.
J W. EDWARDS of San Bernardino.
G. W. SMITH of Fresno.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Cal., Auk. 18.— In tho First Con
gressional District Convention there
were some differences to adjust before
the fusion programme could be carried
out. J. F. Farrahar of Slsklyou was
elected chairman and C. O. Dunbar of
Sonoma secretary. Mr. Dunbar wanted
to have a committee appointed to see If a
trade could not be made whereby the
Populists would take the Third District
and give the Democrats the First Dis
trict.
Delegate Cutler declared that the re
port of the fusion committee had been
adopted by the general convention, and
that the Congressional could not now
overturn that agreement. Mr. Cutler
said that the First District must nomi
nate a Populist and there was no way
out of it. Still Delegate Dunbar kicked,
but without avail.
T. B. Dozler of Shasta stated that
while he was originally opposed to the
fusion programme It had been adopted
and he was now in favor of standing by
it.
M. E. Dlttmar, the Populist from Shas
ta County, who nominated T. "W. H.
Shanahan for Governor in the Populist
convention, was then nominated for Con
gress by the Democratic convention. J.
C. Ruddlck of Mendocino and T. B. Do
zier of Shasta were chosen as members
at large of the State Central Committee,
and the convention adjourned.
SECOND CONGRESSIONAL.
The Second Congressional District Con
vention met during the afternoon and or
ganized by the election of A. Dlxon of
Placer as chairman and D. W. Carml
chael of Sacramento as secretary.
E. Thompson of San Joaquin placed in
nomination the name of Marion DeVries,
Incumbent, for the office. There was no
opposition to DeVries, and he was nom
inated by acclamation.
After the selection of Peter J. Shields
of Sacramento and J. D. Sproule of Butte
as State committeemen, and the appoint
ment of the regular committee, DeVries
thanked the convention for the honor,
and it adjourned •with cheers for the
nominee.
THIRD CONGRESSIONAL.
Although the Third Congressional Dis
trict had been accorded by the fusion
agreement to the Democrats, no Demo
cratic candidate could be found, so the
honor fell upon the shoulders of a Silver
Republican in the person of John Aubrey
Jones of Frultvale, Alameda County.
Chairman Ed E. Leake called the con
vention to order.
Nominations for Congress being in or
der, Delegate Lund of Alameda presented
the name of John Aubrey Jonea, a Silver
Republican.
John Nixon of Yolo said that he had
never seen John Aubrey Jones and he
would like to view him to ascertain
whether or not he ha<l "a Congressional
head or not."
Mr. Jones thereupon appeared and made
a speech, explaining how he had been a
Republican, a Silver Republican and now
a Democrat.
The following Congressional committee
was named:
Alameda, M. J. Laymance; Colusa, F.
H. Abel; Contra Costa, W. D. Woolbert;
Glenn, George Featherstone; Lake, Dan
Jones; Yolo, M. A. Nourse; Solano, J. T.
Ryan.
After naming the following auditing
committee the convention adjourned: F.
W. Voigt. M. J. Laymance. E. J. Lund, R.
M. Fitzgerald and W. C. Price.
FOURTH CONGRESSIONAL.
James H. Barry was nominated for
Congress in the Fourth District to-day
after Gavin McNab, according to pro
gramme arranged by the friends of both,
had -declined the nomination. The work
was carried out in neat shape. There was
only one-little hitch when one of , the del
egates who was not on the "inside" called
attention to the act-that more votes had
been cast in one district than there were
delegates present. It was explained to
him that it was a simple mistaKe, but he
asked for a rollcall ana It was shown that
McNab had , been given one more vote
than he was entitled to. A vote more or
less did not matter either way, as all that
McNab was looking for was a "vindica
tion." He tried the "vindication" with
the assistance of some of Barry's friends
and then carried out his part of the play
by declining the nomination. Senator
Sam Braunhart and W. P. Lawlor, who
were in the contest, did not receive even
a "mention."
It was a pleasant little love feast, and
when the programme was. completed and
Barry declared the "unanimous choice"
of the convention, he said some very nice
and pretty things about McNab. This
was all part of the play. : s. -;-
The convention met during recess hour
and went into permanent organization by
the election of T. W. B. Leland as chair
man and E. P. B. Troy secretary.
When nominations were declared in or
der Max Popper took the platform to pre
sent McNab name to the convention.
He , said McNab , was • the equal "of Ma
guire in honesty, ability and integrity.
Barry was placed in nomination by
Walker C. Graves, who described him as
a bold, fearless and Incorruptible Demo
crat and a worthy successor of Congress
man Maguire. The nomination of Barry
was seconded by R. P. Doolan, L. - -M.
Manzer and Dr. C. C. Clinton. A call of
the roll was then ordered with, the fol
lowing result: - .". t
Twenty-eighth District— Barry 6, Mc-
Nab 1. - . -P'2?**
Twenty-ninth District— 2, Mc-
Nab 8.
Thirtieth District— Barry 4, McNab 5.
Thirty-first District— Barry 5. McNab 6.
Thirty-second District— McNab 8.
Thirty-third District— Barry 8, McNab 1.
Thirty-ninth District— Barry 6. McNab 1.
Forty-second District— Barry 1, Mc-
Nab 5.
Forty-third District— 5.
Forty-fourth District— Barry 2, McNab 5
Forty-fifth District— 1, McNab 5.
Total— Barry 35 and McNab 50.
When the thirtieth District was called
the chairman of the delegation announced
the vote to be 3 for Barry and 6 for Mc-
Nab. One of the Barry delegates, in
acknowledging that an agreement had
been made to give McNaD a large-sized
"vindication." demanded a roll call and
th« vote recorded was Barry 4. McNab o.
Senator Braunhart explained that only
a little mistake had hern made.
When the Thirty-third District was re
ported Deputy Sheriff Curtis an
nounced 9 votes for Barry. •
5 Max Popper objected, as he held one of
the proxies, and he wanted to cast it
for McNnb. Curtis explained that he
thought the unit rule prevailed. The ex
planation seemed satisfactory, for notn
lntr further was said about the matter.
When the result was announced the Mc-
Nab men gave throe cheers and were an
swered by cheers for Barry.
McNnb then stepped to the front and
paid that while he greatly appreciated
the honor conferred on him he was forced
to decline the nomination. "Nothing
would please me more than to work ana
fight for the people at Washington
paid he "as I have in the past fought
here to secure the overthrow of boPsißm,
and while I say it myself, the organiza
tion we now have is to a great extent due
to mv labors. I have worked unceasingly
for over one year and with the assistance
of others succeeded in dethroning the
bosses. Under these circumstances it
would leave me open to the charge of in
delicacy. I appreciate the honor, as much
as if I could accept the nomination. As
an honorable man. however. I could not
let the work of decency accomplished
be Impugned by any selfish motives."
These remarks were received with ap
plause and T.owry of the Thirty-first Dis
trict moved that Barry be nominated by
acclamation. The motion was carried and
again cheers were given for McNab and
""have Just listened to the remarks and
declination of Gavin McNab." said Barry,
"and they are so laudable that they must
commend themselves to his most bitter
enemies. He has enemies, bo have I. I
am glad of those I have and I presume
that he is also glad. When a man is
ready to sacrifice his dearest ambition for
a cause in which he believes sincerely,
he is entitled to the respect of all men. If
I am elected to Congress to succeed
James G. Maguire. I pledge you that I
will work Incessantly in the interests of
the people and true Democracy. I thank
you for the confidence you have shown in
me. and from now on until election day
my voice will be raised In the fight for
Democracy." ' i-;.*-;.. •;
McNab said that his district was enti
tled to two members of the State Central
Committee and that he thought that it
would only be a fitting reward to pay to
Clltus Harbour and M. H. Hernan to elect
them by acclamation. "Both of these
gentlemen." said he. "have been working
in the city for over a week, instructing
the county delegates on the matter of
boss rule and corruption in San .Francis
co. To them is due a share of the credit of
our victory." _
On motion of R. P. Doolan, Barbour
and Hernan were elected by acclamation.
• The convention adjourned after author
izing, the chairman to appoint the neces
sary committees under the purity ■ of elec
tion laws.
SIXTH CONGRESSIONAL.
The Sixth Congressional District was
programmed, and everything the conven
tion did after it assembled went through
in a perfunctory sort of a way for the
programme.
Charles A. Barlow, the Populist incum
bent from San Luis Obispo, was renomi
nated without opposition.
Dr. R. W. Hill of Los Angeles called the
convention to order.
Earl Rogers of Los Angeles was named
chairman and John Harrington of Santa
Barbara secretary.
Bryce Grimes, a silver-haired old gen
tleman from Ventura, placed Mr. Barlow
in nomination. He said that he had been
a Democrat for forty-six years, and that
he thought that his long years of service
entitled him to state that he never ad
vocated anything he did not think was
for the benefit of the party. Under these
circumstances he presented the name of
Mr. Barlow.
Senator Stephen M. White, in seconding
the nomination, said that two years ago
he had opposed Barlow's selection as the
Democratic nominee. But in two years,
the Senator said, he had changed his
opinion of Mr. Barlow. He had found him
to be an able Congressman — a hard-work
ing representative, and always voting con«
sistently with the Democrats in the lower
house of Congress.
Senator White referred to Mr. Barlow's
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - , - • - ; ; ;■; . ...
.+♦♦+♦+++♦♦++++♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+
J THE IDEAL TYPE OF MAN! |
"*" Every man feels a ; pride in whatever of physical development he may »
possess. He knows that :it makes , other > men envy - and women ad-
-«>. mire him, and it gives him confidence in himself. Physical force is +
x a grand. thing, and it grows' naturally from the animal electricity that +
Z_ is in the Body. Most men waste this wonderful power by excesses and ~ +
"♦" dissipation, but it can be restored. The electricity from »
t DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. $
T^ This Is your hope. . Ten thousand strong men are now praising it. It -♦•
+ gives ; a firmness to the grasp of your hand, a spring to your step and +
. "*" a bright sparkle to your eye. ■It develops manhood in : every shape. +,
Read Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men, about it; free. Call or Tj
+ address, ' "*"
X DR. A. T. SANDEN, ■* NOT ,N, N drug stores. X
4. 708 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San rnnol«». • " : Wm
•V Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 19 :- '.. ' **- Sande .^" in C .t?^ • "*"
■♦" to 1. Branches at Los " Angeles, Cal.. ShMH : U n l v " Bold . *? V^t- " f I?I +
-.-South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agent.: only .^j
. ton street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: >< at our office. ' - f.
▼ . Dallas. r285r 285 Main street. '■■*:'■ it, v... , . t ... — ; ; ,.»■ ,_^V
record on the San Pedro harbor question,
and stated that he deserved a renoml
nation.
The delegates evidently agreed with
Senator White, for they forthwith pro
ceeded to renomlnate Mr. Barlow by ac
clamation.
There was a call for Mr. Barlow to come
forward, but the delegates decided they
would hear from him later and proceeded
with the business of the convention.
Brad Sargent of Monterey and John T.
Gaffey of Los Angeles were named as
State Central Commltteemen at large for
the district.
A Congressional committee to consist of
one member from each county was or
dered appointed. It will be named later
by Chairman R'verers. After vesting all
the powers of the convention In the Con
gressional committee, an adjournment waa
taken.
MARIN STALWARTS
Resolutions Indorsing the Adminis
tration and Favoring an Ade
quate Army and Navy.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 18.— The county
convention for the purpose of electing
delegates to the Republican State and
Congressional conventions at Sacramento
was held here to-day. The Superior Court
room was crowded with Interested sight
seers and eighty-three delegates were
present.
E. W. McCarthy of San Rafael wu
elected chairman, J. H. Pryor of Sauea
lito and B, S. Bostwlck of Mill Valley
secretaries. The five delegates selected
by the different Supervisorial districts
were confirmed by the convention as fol
lows: First District, R. S. Alexander, Baa
Rafael; Second District, H. A. Gorley, Baa
Rafael; Third District, J. H. Pryor, Sau
salito; Fourth District, A. Hubbell, To
males; Fifth District, Thomas Estey.
Nicasio. William Barr, chairman of the
Board of Supervisors, was elected dele
gate at large by acclamation. The other
two delegates at large elected were P.
G. Waterhouse of Bolinas and A. Cadonl
of Olema, making eight delegates to tha
State convention in all.
With the greatest enthusiasm a reso
lution was unanimously adopted com
mending the course of the administra
tion during the recent conflict with Spain,
thanking the soldiers and sailors for their
courage before Manila and Santiago, ap
proving the annexation of the Hawaiian
Islands, pledging undivided support to tha
financial policy of the administration,
urging the completion and ownership of
the Nicaragua canal by the United
States and suggesting that the American
navy should be made the pride of the
world, while the standing army should be
increased to 100,000 men in order to "up
hold our prestige as the foremost nation
of the earth.
The delegates will all go to Sacramento
unpledged, but despite this fact the
county awaits the action of the Stats
convention with keen anticipation. Gen
eral John H. Dickinson of this county Is
regarded as a gubernatorial candidate.
Superior Judge F. M. Angellotti as a can
didate for Asociate Justice of the State
Supreme Court and County Clerk Bon
neau is a candidate for Clerk of tha Su
| preme Court.
FAILED TO KEEP PROMISES.
Mayor Phelan's Political Advisors
Charged With Breaking Faith
by San Diego Delegates.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 18.— Several members of
the San Diego County delegation were
much wrought up this evening. They as
serted that Mr. Fay, the private secre
tary of Mayor Phelan, had come to them
and assured them that if San Diego
County would cast its solid vote to seat
the delegation of the Committee of One
Hundreds from San Francisco, in return
for that favor San Francisco would cast
its solid vote of 154 for Judge Hughes for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Earl Rogers of Los Angeles County
states that he was present at the time
Mr. Fay made this pledge. San Diego
County cast its solid vote for the McNab-
Phelan delegation, but when the roll was
called on the nominees for Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, Judge
Hughes received only a scattering vote
from San Francisco. This was a surprise
to the San Diego delegates, and It waa
something they had not looked for.
Later they learned that Gavin McNab,
Mayor Phelan and Andy Lawrence had
determined to force the nomination of
Judge Coffey against that gentleman's ex
pressed desire. Upon learning of this, the
friends of Judge Hughes decided to with
draw him and throw their support to
Judge Conley. This they did and thereby
his nomnation was secured. The San
Diego delegates will not forget the double
dealing of Mr. Fay, and they claim they
will camp on the trail of the political
purists from San Francisco until they
have an opportunity to even up tha
score.
SAN LUIS OBISPO.
Delegates Elected to the State Con"
vention and a County Ticket.
PASO ROBLES, Aug. 18.— The Republi
can county convention met in the opera
house at 10 a. m. to-day and organized
by electing J. D. Fowler chairman and
Walter Woods secretary, both of San
Luis Obispo, and elected the following
delegates to the Republican State con
vention: A. Canavascini, B. Brooks, M.
Harloe, L. D. Weeks, F. A. Dorn, C. D.
Fowler. Dr. J. H. Glass, A. Gregg and P.
D. Frost.
The following county ticket was nomi
nated: Warren M. John, Assemblyman:
John Whicher. County Clerk; S. D. BaJ
lou. Sheriff; C. A. Palmer. District At
torney; C. D. King, Assessor; John Kel
shaw. Treasurer; F. C. Cherry, Auditor;
F. M. Dyer. Tax Collector; J. Fiedler.
F. Parson, Superintendent of Schools; R.
F. Parson, Superintendent of Schools, R.
A. Loomis, Public Administrator. The
convention was largely atended from ail
parts of the county.
Your Dandruff Looks Bad
And causes your hair to fall. Smith's
Dandruff Pomade removes all dandruff
on six applications and stops falling
hair; try it. Sample sent by Smith Bros.,
Fresno, Cal. •
78
PYROTECHNICS
AND ORATORY
Continued from Fifth Page.
the roll call by counties, it being under-
Btod that in any county delegation where
a roll call was demanded, the names of
the delegates would be called and their
individual votes be recorded. At the close
of the roll call the secretary announced
the vote' as follows: Conley. 1k : ; Hugnes
181; Seawell. 127; Farnsworth. bo; ffe o>.0 >.
25; Hamilton, S7; McKissick, 6N; Grant -..
None of the candidates having received
a majority of the whole number of vote
cast a new rollcall was ordered and resulted
as follows, the name of Judge Grant hav
ing been withdrawn: 174, Seawell 163.
, 182. Hushes 174. Seawell 163,
Farnsworth S2, Coffey 76, Hamilton 4i>,
McKisick 53. , , ... .
As the vote was not decisive a third ;
rollcall was ordered, the names of Ham- .
ilton and McKisick being dropped from I
the roll of candidates. Soon after the i
Becretary began to call tne roll the names :
of Farnsworth. Seawell and Hughes were ,
also withdrawn, leaving Conley and tor
fey as the only contestants. Result of
the vote was as follows: Conley 4u9, Cof-
Judge Conley having received a major
' ity of all votes cast was declared the
nominee of the convention.
Judge Conley— Mr. Chairman and gen
«< men of the State convention: I cannot
find appropriate words to express my ap- I
preciation for the honor that has Just
" been conferred on me. I know that this j
• convention has listened to lengthy ad
dresses to-day and I know that it is late
and that you probably desire to take a
recess. I want to tell you. however, that
a lot of talking has been done on the out- ;
side, and I hope at the time the next
Democratic State convention is in session
that the gentlctnen from San Francisco
.will have as high a regard for me as they i
have for that pure and able jurist. Judge
J. D. Coffey. [Applause.] All the gen
tlemen who were aspirants for this posi
tion are personal friends of mine, and I
know that when the delegates go to their
homes they can say at least that there
was one fight in this convention that en
gendered no personal differences. Gen
tlemen of the convention, i will not de
tain you any longer. I simply desire to
say that I am older than I was a week
. ago. [Laughter.] I am 32 years of age.
I went to the county of Madera a stran
ger and was elected to the position which
I now hold, and I pledge that Madera in
the coming campaign will give a rousing
majority for the Democratic nominee for
Governor.
A delegate from San Francisco— San
Franciscans want a little time in which
•to put a plaster on the wound which you
rentlemen from the country inflicted, and
I therefore move you, sir, that the con
vention do now take a recess until half
past 8 o'clock this evening. So ordered.
CLOSING HOURS OF
: .': THE BIG CONVENTION
Tho Chairman— The eonvenion •will
please come to order. Gentlemen, you
' will please take your seats. The next or
der of business is the nomination of Sec
retary of State. A motion was made and
seconded that all nominating speeches
hereafter will be limited to three min
utes.
Mr. Hill— l move that we pass the nomi
nation for Secretary of State until after
the next order of business is disposed of.
The motion was duly seconded.
Chairman— For how long?
Mr. Hill— For the present.
The Chairman— lt is moved and sec
onded that the present order of business,
to wit, the nomination of Secretary of
State, be postponed for the present, and
that it may be called hereafter. Are you
ready for the question?
The motion was carried.
The Chairman— The next order of busi
: Is nominations for State Treasurer.
Mr. Cabiness of San Francisco noml
• -rated Charles Edelman of L.09 Angeles
County. D. H. Arnold of Colusa nomi
nated Hon. Will S. Green. Mr. Green re
ceived 440 votes and Mr. Edelman 340.
The Chair— Mr. Green has received a
■ majority of the votes cast. I hereby de
clare him
..lr. Edeiman— Gentlemen of the con
vention, to those who have seen fit to
give me your votes I desire to extend my
cordial and heartfelt thanks, and I am
here upon this platform to move that the
nomination of Will S. Green be made
' unanimous. As I said before, at the will
of the Democratic convention I will al
ways bow, whether on or off the ticket,
and I will pive my loyal adherence to
the Democratic ticket from top to bot
tom. (Applause.)
The motion was duly seconded and Mr.
■ Green was unanimously declared the
nominee of the convention.
The Chair— The next order of business
.is nominations for Attorney General.
Nominations are now in order.
Judge Curtis of San Bernardino — Mr.
Chairman and gentlemen, for the office
" of Attorney General of the State I desire
to place before you the name of George B.
' • Cole of San Bernardino. That office is
' next in importance to that of your Jus
tices of the Supreme Court. It ought to
••' be filled by an eminent Iwayer, one who
■ has the courage and the learning' suf
• flcient to meet other able men in the
handling of the important State cases. As
• • you are well aware, he has charge of all
• the criminal cases In the Supreme Court,
and not only this, he is the adviser of the
■State officials upon all legal matters and
•" of the various boarda. Mr. Cole is a
lawyer. He has practiced his profession
in the city of San Bernardino for the last
• seven years. He is a man wedded to his
. ■ profession and has built up a successful
' practice in Southern California. He is
able, he is conscientious, he. is strong, and
' }f placed upon the ticket will, we believe,
• add strength to it wherever he is known
' In the south. I assure you that if he is
placed upon the ticket he will make a
thorough canvass of the State and will
make friends wherever he goes. The
south had hopes to have had Judge Curtis
' of San Diego nominctod as one of the Su
• preme Judges, but he has not received
• that nomination and we ask now your
support for George B. Cole of San Ber
nardino.
Mr. Dopier of Shasta— Mr. Chairman and
Gentlemen of the Convention: This con
vention has passed resolutions which
. wer.; aimed at and intended to place the
reins of government of this State again
In the hands of the people. The office of
the Attorney-General in one which has
been frequently overlooked. That office
L« the mean* by which the corporations
of this State, those corporations which
are operating in this State, can be con
• trolled: and in the position of Attorney-
General you want a man of tried probity.
You want a man who is fearless in the
. discharge of his duty. You want a man
• who has a record as an anti-monopolist,
. and which record has become established.
■ I come to you from the northern part of
the Plate, which, for some -unaccountable
reason, seems to have been wiped off the
. map, Democratically speaking. We ask
you to nominate a young man to that of
fice, %bose record is a household word in
that county. We are asking you to nom
inate a man who has made his mark at
. the liar. We are asking you to nominate
a man who i<= le.-irnod in the law. We
.. are asking you to nominate a man who
has shown that he is cnnable of handling
. largo affn'rs. We are asking you to nom
inate a man who has ever shown that he
• was fearless In the discharge of his duty
I now place In nomination for this office
. the Hon. H. P. Andrews of Red Bluff.
I have been troing to Democratic enn
•-ventlnns for years and years. Personally
I never ask. <1 for anything at the hands
of the party, but I have been willing to
work as one among the rank and file
. Tear after year I have seen the great
'• t-iMithern and tho great central portion of
this State recotrnized in Democratic con
. vemion by nomination after nomination
'.but never since the nomination of William
J.rvin for Governor of this State has that
= portion of California been recognized
; • Notwithstanding that, howevere, we have
-.gone to our homes year after year and
planted the standard of Democracy upon
Jhe highest pinnacle Of old Shasta in
. order that it might be seen emblazoned
.•'out to the whole State. And now I ask
• ' you in justice to consider these things.
• There are Democrats there who are de
\ mnnding this nomination. It is Domo
. cratic votes that you want on election
•day. and we are asking you now to rec
ognize the First Congressional District
■ by nominating that honorable, straieht
■ forward, tried and trustworthy man. Hon
'H. P. Andrews of Red Bluff. (Applause).
The Chairman— Are there any further
nominations?
It was moved and seconded that the
nominations be closed. (Carried).
At the conclusion of the roll-call on the
■ nomination for Attorney General, the
' rhair announced the result as follows:
George B. Cole received 284 votes, and
Mr. Andrews 497 votes. Mr. Andrews,
having received the majority of the votes
cast, was declared the nominee of the,,
convention for Attorney General. It was
moved and seconded that the nomination
of Mr. Andrews be made unanimous. Car
ried.
FOR A GREATER NAVY.
Mr. "White— Mr. Chairman: It appears
from a further Investigation of the plat
form, that there has been omitted there
from the following-, and I move its adop
tion: "We appreciate not only the splen
did achievement of our naval heroes, but
also rejoice in the work accomplished by
American labor and skill in the construc
tion of our ships of war and their arma
ments. We are particularly gratified at
the interest j manifested in the Oregon,
Olympia and like vessels in California
I waters and insist that further similar
work £ hail be done Jiere. The necessity
of our growing: importTince, the extension
of our foreign trade, and the necessities
of our country and citizens abroad, de
mand such a navy as shall render ag
gression from foreign shores absolutely
futile. It is the duty of Congress to make
corresponding appropriations and to
give us a navy capable of enforcing our
rights wherever questioned." I move the
adoption of this amendment to the reso
lution. Seconded and carried.
Mr White — Mr. Chairman, I am also in-
I formed that the flowing has been
; omitted from the end of the last resolu
j tion referring to the administration of
j our present executive, which I move to
! add: Although the tax levies of the three
■ last years of his administration aggregated
over' $1,300,000, under the pledges of the
i platform upon which he was elected, the
1 rate of taxation for IS9S was the lowest
I in the history of the State, and the rates
! for 1897 and 1898 would have been still
lower had not the assessed valuations of
property in the State been decreased. I
i move the adoption of this addition. Sec
onded and carried. ... . „
The Chair— The order of business is the
nomination of a candidate for Surveyor
George H. Rodgers and Irving Mulhol
land were placed In nomination for Sur
veyor General. '
Rodgers received 2SO votes. Mulholland
received 503 votes and was declared the
nominee of. the convention for Surveyor
General.
The Chair— next order of business
is the office of State Printer.
Mr Troy of Trinity placed in nomina
tion John J. Curry of San Francisco.
Mr Boone of San Diego placed in nomi
nation R. Y. Mcßride of "Eos Angeles.
A Delegate from San Francisco — Mr.
Chairman, a rumor has been circulated in
*'•' MfLLER OF LOJ ANOELE!)
IN til S'MORNiNCTTRA'NCeo.
this convention and on the streets to-day
• and yesterday that Mr. Mcßride is not
a union printer. We here desire to support
' union labor, union printers and the
! honor and dignity of the working people
and the report has been circulated that he
!is not a union printer. We desire to ask
the gentleman (I* L. Boone) if he has any
evidence to prove that that report is not
true.
Mr. Boone— l yield upon that question.
j I desire Mr. Rodgers of Los Angeles.
Mr Rodgers — Mr. chairman: You can
i whisper a man to death, you can circu
i late rumors behind a man's back and
i do him up that way easier than any
1 other. But, gentlemen, we present to you
j evidence beyond all contradiction that
1 this is a falsehood instigated by Mr. Mc
i Bride's enemies, not giving him a fair
i chance. I hold in my hand a telegram from
I the editor of the Labor World, the organ
1 of organized labor in Los Angeles County
! and the south generally. This paper, the
j organ of organized labor in Southern
! California, is printed in Mr. Mcßride's
| printing office, the best in the whole
south. Mr. Colver, the editor of that pa
i per and its proprietor, telegraphs me as
: follows: "R. Y. Mcßride employs union
: printers only, and has never to my knowl
i edge employed other than members of
i our organization in his office. I myself
have been connected with the Typo
! graphical Union as a member for forty
! four years." I have another telegram:
I "R V Mcßride, the undersigned mem
| bers of the Los Angeles Typographical
Union, No. 174, certify that R. Y. Mc
i Bride has always employed union prlnt
! ers exclusively." Signed by the vice
! president, the president being out of
I town. Mr. Mcßride, gentlemen, has
'■ always been a friend of organized labor,
j and pays the highest wages of any man in
[ cf C° Smith of San Francisco — Mr.
i Chairman: 1 hold in my hand a dispatch
which reads as follows:
"LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18, 1895.-To W.
B Benoist, State House, Sacramento:
Mcßride does not employ press feeders,
bookbinders or union pre.spmen in his of
1 flee here. See Patterson^it Stata^offlee.
"Secretary L. A. T. U. No. 174."-
That is the dispatch received, Mr. Chair-
m The chair-Have you any further re
marks to offer in connection with this tel
egram. Mr. Smith?
Mr. Smith-No, sir. ■
The Chair— You simply submit the tele
gram without any otlvr remarks?
Mr Smith— Without any other remarks.
Mr. Rodgers— Mr. Mcßride does not em
ploy union bookbinders because he does
not bind books. I do not employ them
because I do not bind books. Mr. Mcßridd
docs not employ union press feeders be
cause he does not have presses that re
quire feeders. They are self-feedefsj
(Laughter and applause.) Mr. Md'.rido
does not employ union pressmen because
the union printers that he employs do the
kicking of the old Washington machines,
as I did when I was a boy.
E. I. Woodman and W. B. Dußo!s were
also placed in nomination for the office of
State Printer. Art the conclusion of the
rollcall the ('hair announced the vote as
follows: Whole number of votes cast,
778; necessary to a choice, 389. Of these
votes Mr. Curry received 16. Mr. Dußoia
21, Mr. Mcßride 317 and Mr. Woodman
424. It was moved and seconded that Mr.
Woodman's nomination be unanimous.
Mr. Woodman was called for and ad
dressed the convention, indorsing; the
platform.
The Chair— The next In order is the
nomination for the Secretary of State.
R. A. Thompson of San Francisco was
placed in nomination for Ihe office of
Secretary of State and on motion his
nomination was made by acclamation:
D. H. Arnold of Colusa— Mr. Chairman,
I move you. sir, that the thanks of this
convention be extended to all the officers
of the convention for their courtesy and
promptness.
A Delegate — I amend that by adding the
people of Sacramento for their kindness.
The motion was seconded and carried
unanimously. The committee on perma
nent organization and order of business
presented an amendment to the report,
which had been taken from the table on
potion of Mr. Deuprey, lixing iha nura-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
ber of the State Central Committee, and
the amendment was adopted.
The Chair— Gentlemen, I want to intro
duce to you Mr. Van Meter of the law
committee, who desires to address you for
a few moments.
Mr. Van Meter— Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of the Democratic convention:
Having been appointed by the Populists
chairman of the Populist committee, and
by the chairman of your convention a
member of the law committee, and hav
ing been made chairman of that commit
tee, and the work having devolved upon
me to prepare the certificates of nomina
tion for the People's party convention
and to see that all the committees were
properly made, and that they properly
certify the nominations, I have been
asked" to call the attention of the mem
bers of this convention to the fact that
it will be necessary for each of the con
ventions which have been held here to
appoint an auditing committee of five;
and it will be necessary for the chair
man and secretary of each Congressional
convention, the convention of the Board
of Equalization and Railroad Commission,
to certify to the nominations macie by
each of those conventions. There are
seven Congressional districts, four Board
of Equalization districts and three Rail
road districts. Each convention must
certify to the nominations and at the
same time the chairman of that conven
tion must appoint an auditing committee
of five.
It is important that you do not neglect
it before leaving this place, so that your
secretary will have the names of the
auditing committee signed and filed with
the Secretary of State. I thank you,
gentlemen. I used to be at home in
Democratic conventions. But at one time
when your people went off with Mr.
Cleveland, I went to the People's party.
It seems a3 though Mr. Cleveland has
been left to go a-flshing while we have
been getting together aKtiin. and under
the banner of Mr. Maguire we will elect
the whole ticket at the coming election.
The Chairman— Gentlemen. I desire to
introduce Mr. Thompson, your candidate
for Secretary of State.
Mr Thompson— Gentlemen of the con
vention, I am greatly obliged to you for
the honor of the nomination you have
given me this evening, and will do my
best for the ticket from the top to the
bottom. I heartily indorse your plat
form. I will not say any more this even
ing as the hour is very late and I know
everybody Is In n hurry to gpt away. At
this point a motion was made and second
ed that the secretary be instructed to cast
the vote of all those candidates whose
nominations were made unanimous. The
clerk cast the votes as directed. No fur
ther business appearing the convention
adjourned sine die amid three cheers for
the ticket.
THE PLATFORM
The Democratic party of California In
State convention assembled hereby re
affirms Its adherence to the time-honored
principles of Democracy enunciated by
Thomas Jefferson and grandly upheld and
enforced by his Democratic successors in
the Presidential ortW.
We reaffirm our allegiance to the national
platform of the Democratic party adopted
at Chicago in 1&96, and specifically declare
our adherence to the paramount purpose
enunciated in that platform, viz: A return
to the constitutional system of free and un
limited coinage of both gold and silver aa
money at the ratio of 16 to 1, without wait
ing for the consent of any other nation.
We reaffirm the unalterable adherence of
the Democratic party to the principles of
civil and religious liberty as proclaimed by
the founders of our republic.
The War With Spain.
We indorse the action of Congress In de
claring war against the Government of
Spain for the purpose of Becuring liberty
to the people of Cuba and of putting an
end to the long-continued oppression and
gross mibgovernment under which they have
suffered. We congratulate the people of
the United States upon the speedy and suc
ceHSful termination of the war for the ac
complishment of this purpose. We rejoice
in the success that has come to American
arms on land and pea and glory in the
bravery and skill of the aokliera and sailors
of our country. The sublime courage and
fortitude display"?*! by our land and naval
forces in achieving the victories of Manila
and Santiago have shown to the world the
value cf iree institution;-!, universal suf
frage and general public education in de
veloping the highest qualities of character
Intelligence and courage, making our vol
unteer soldiers trained in the schools of
the State militia organizations more than
equal to those who compose the great
standing armies of Kurope.
We favor the fullest investigation of all
conditions existing in the Philippine Inlands
affecting the Interests and obligations of our
country in the matter of their future treat
ment and disposition, to the end that final
action In relation thereto shall be intelli
gent and based upon a full knowledge of all
facts that can affect the interests of the
United States. While we do not favor an
aggressive policy of territorial expansion,
we are opposed to the surrender to Spain
of any of the territory that has been ac
quired by American valor and the expendi
ture of the blood and treasure of our peo
ple. And we do not favor the surrender to
Spanish dominion of the people of any of
the Spanish colonies who co-operated with
our forces against our enemy in the late
war.
We are unalterably opposed to the as
sumption by this Government of any por
tion of the debts of Spain incurred In
maintaining her sovereignty in Cuba and
to the Imposition of any portion thereof
upon the people of that island, or to any
recognition thereof.
One of the results of the war to our own
country has been the obliteration of all
sectional lines and differences among our
people resulting from memories of the civil
war. The people of all parts of our coun
try have united with a common devotion
a common patriotism and a common spirit
of self-sacrifice in support of our flair in
the crisis through which we have passed
and have thus forever banished sectional
animosities and made appeals to section
alism In future political campaigns impos
sible.
We commend the course of the Democratic
minority in Congress In having acted with
unanimity and without partisan division on
all measures for the support of our arms in
the war with Spain, and we commend the
course of the Democratic Senators and Rep
resentatives in Congress in opposing the un
just and discriminating- war revenue meas
ure of the Republican administration, under
which by far the greater portion of the cost
of war is levied upon the laboring- classes
of the country, and by which unnecessary
burdens in the form of bon3s have been im
posed upon the people of the United States.
We heartily, Indgrßft and commend the
faithful and efficient services of our D?mo
crntic Senator nn.l Representatives In Con
gress from California.
Nicaragua Canal.
We favor the immediate construction of
the Nicaragua ship canal by the L,r.ite<i
States Government, and Its ownership,
operation and permanent control D> me
Government.
Pacific Railroads.
We denounce the measure recently adopted
by the Fifty-fifth Congress providing lor
refunding the debts of the Central i_ acme
Railroad Company to the United States
Government as an unusual and vicious aci
of favoritism to a powerful corporation, the
effect of which will be to extend for a long
period the Southern Pacific Company ■ mo
nopoly of railroad transportation in Cali
fornia. We also denounce the propooit.on
to further extend the period of I»7*«j* *«*
said debts, and pledge our candidates ror
Congress to oppose the same. Vv c aiho
pledge all candidates for the Legislature
not to vote for any candidate for tmtea
States Senator who is not opposed to any
extension of such time upon any terms
whatever. We favor the foreclosure of tne
Government's liens upon the Central Paclllc
and Western Pacific railroads and their sale
for an amount sufficient to pay the entire
claims of the Government, or if a pr.ee
sufficient for that 'purpose cannot De od
tained that the Government hid in said
roads at the foreclosure sales and now mem
as public highways for the benefit ot me
whole people.
State Railroad Commission.
We commend the efforts of the Democrat
ic majority of the present State Railroad
Commission to bring about a rair ana
reasonable reduction of freight and are
charges for railroad transportation witnin
the State of California, and we deprecate
the unreasonable postponement of those ad
vantages to the people of California by
dilatory proceedings instituted in tne
Federal and State courts by the Southern
Pacific Company in evasion of its obliga
tions to the State and in defiance of the
conditions upon which it holds its public
franchises. We condemn the action oi tne
last Republican Legislature in refusing to
appropriate the money necessary to enable
the State Railroad Commission to properly
defend its rights and powers in the btate
and Federal courts, and to properly in
vestigate the business methods, earnings
and expenses of the railroads subject to its
Jurisdiction. 
We reiterate the position repeatedly as
serted by the Democratic party of Cali
fornia that in the limitation of freight and
fare charges by the State Railroad Com
mission no allowance should be made for
interest upon any fictitious capitalization
of railroad companlps; that reasonable in
terest should be allowed upon the actual
investment in the construction of the rail
road Including stations and terminals, and
upon the actual value of rolling stock and
other property used in connection with rail
road transportation, and no allowance
should be made as or for Interest upon the
value of any privilege given by the people
to such companies, and no allowance of in
terest upon any bonded indebtedness beyond
the actual value of the railroad measured
by the cost of reproducing it at any given
time at which rates are to be fixed.
In determining the allowance to be made
for operating expenses of railroads the
commission should provide liberally for the
waees of men employed thereon, and all
railroad companies should be compelled to
pay wages in accordance with such allow
ance.
Rivers and Harbors.
The preservation of the navigable rivers
and harbors of California is of the greatest
importance to the commerce and develop
ment of the State, and we therefore urges
upon our delegation In Congress the im
portance of securing liberal appropri.it i ms
for the maintenance of the navigability and
Improvement of the same.
Fully realizing the great importance of
early completion of the work undertaken
upon the Sacramento and San Joaquln
rivers, and the possibility of placing the
Improvement of these water waj> under the
contract system at an early day, we pleige
our representatives in Congress to exercise
their utmost endeavors to accomplish this
purpose and declare that the completion of
thin improvement should be expedited by
both State and nation.
San Pedro Harbor.
We denounce the persistent and long-con
tinued efforts of the present Secretary of
War to prevent the Improvement of the
public harbor of San Pedro, and his per
sistent efforts to divert the sums of money
appropriated by Congress for that purpose
to the improvement of the private harbor
of the Southern Pacific Company at Santa
Monica. California, and the Democratic
Congressmen from California are hereby
plpdppd to use every effort to prevent such
diversion of any portion of the $2.9W.000 ap
propriated for the construction of the har
bor at San Pedro to any other purpose than
the construction of the hrvakwater and the
deepening of the Inner harbor at that point.
Mining.
We congratulate the Democratic party
and the people of the State of California
on the fact that by the legislation initiated
by the Democratic party under the plat
forms of ci nventlons held respectively In
IS9O and ISO 2 the mining industry in all
its branches has received an Impetus which
to-day gives it a Reading position in the
developnif-nt and progress of the State.
We favor the continuation of the work
bo auspiciously Initiated by the National
and State Governments on the lines laid
down In the law to the end that aIK inter
ests involved be fully and adequately pro
tected, and each be given the recognition
demanded by the Important bearing each
has up"n the general welfare.
Inasmuch sis the legal Impediment to the
Immediate expenditure of the 1500,000 appro
priated. $2. r ,0.000 thereof by Congress and
f]SB,OOO therefore by the State of California,
for the construction of debris dams, was
removed by the present Congress, and the
whole of Bald sum is now available for that
purpose, we demand the immediate construc
tion of such restraining dams.
We condemn the rapacity of the Central
Pacific and other railroad companies In tiro
curing the issuance to themselves of pat
ents for large tracts of mineral lands not
withstanding the original grant under which
said patents are Issued especially exempts
from its operation all mineral lands, and
we demand that all such patents covered
thereby be restored to the public domain,
and thrown open to exploration and entry,
and in this behalf we favor an early enact
ment of the California mineral lands Mils
now pending before Congress and indorsed
by the California Miners' Association af
fecting both such patented and unpatented
lands.
We believe In fostering the mining In
dustry In all its branches, and favor the
rehabilitation of hvdraulie mining whore
ever It may be carried on, without material
injury to other vested interests.
Election of United States Sen
ators.
We demand the election of United .States
Senators by direct vote of the people of
the States, and we pledge our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to vote for the
submission of such an amendment to the
Federal constitution.
Government by Injunction.
We are In favor of a strict ad
herence to the rule that the legis
lative, judicial and executive departments
of our Federal Government and of our State
Government shall be kept separate, and
that neither shall encroach upon the powera
or functions of the other; and we particu
larly oppose and condemn the growing
practice of the judicial department of the
Fedora I Government In supplementing or
modifying the laws of the land by injunc
tions and other writs and processes not
basei upon constitutional or statutory law
enacted by the people or by the legislative
department of the Federal or the State
Government. •
Labor Legislation.
We favor the adoption by the Legislature
of this State of laws for the protection of
labor, nnd we pledge our candidates to
support the measures recommended by La
bor Commissioner Fitzgerald, or such legis
lation as will accomplish the purpose
Bought to be attained by said proposed
measures.
We favor the immediate extension of the
contract labor laws of the United Stntes
to the Hawaiian Islands, and all further
territory that may hereafter be annexed to
the United States.
We aro opposed to the employment of
convict labor in competition with free la
bor, and ni' favor the passage of a law
by the CongreFS of the United States con
fining the sale of goods, wares and mer
chandise manufactured by convict labor to
the State or Territory in which they aro
produced.
Good Roads.
We favor the efforts now being made by
public-spirited citizens throughout the
State of California for the improvement of
our public roads and highways upon mod
era, economical and substantial lines, and
we favor the encouragement of all such
efforts by the co-operation of the State and
county governments with the California
Good Road*! I^eacue and other organiza
tions intelligently and systematically pro
moting these purposes.
Primary Election Law.
We favor the enactment of a general pri
mary election law, fair and just to all par
ties and sections, providing for the election
by the Australian ballot, under State con
trol and at public expense, of delegates to
all party conventions called for the pur
pose of nominating candidates for public
office.
Food Adulteration.
We favor the enactment of such laws as
may be required to effectually stamp out
the vicious and dishonest traffic In adul
terated foods which menaces the health,
lives and prosperity of the people of Cali
fornia.
State School Text Books.
We are in favor of the continuance and
Improvement of the State text-book system
for our public schools.
San Fpancisco Charter.
We favor the ratification by the Leirls
lature of the charter recently adopted In
the city and county of San Francisco, ana
pledge th« Democratic members of tne
Senate and Assembly to vote for the same.
Taxation and Local Government.
We favor a constitutional amendment
abolishing the State poll tax and giving to
counties and municipal corporations the
right to adopt and change their systems
of taxation for local purposes whenever a
majority of the people of any sucn county
or municipality shall so determine.
We favor the adoption of constitutional
amendment No. 10, now pending. I™?*
the right of local self-government to the
counties of the State. >»_i.io
We approve the principle of direct legisla
tion and favor its immediate adoption for
municipal and other local purposes.
Governor James H. Budd.
We indorse the administration of GoVernor
James H. Budd, and especially point to the
fuct that he has Inaugurated substantial
economies and has introduced system and
business methods into the management of
State institutions. Under his administra
tion taxation has been reduced When he
assumed office he found a State debt of
one and three-quarter millions of dollars
and will leave to his successor a surplus
of two millions.
California University.
We point with pride to the position of
the University of California in the educa
tional world and commend the progressive
policy which ha» characterized its admin
istration within the past few years, and
the Democratic party, as the friend of pop
ular education, pledges Itself to the liberal
support of the plans that promise H a
glowing future.
River Improvements.
Whereas, This is the first time !n the
history of our State, notwithstanding vast
sums have heretofore been expended In
making surveys for plans of improvements
and reports thereon, that anything practical
for the improvement of navigation has been
inaugurated by the State by the approval
of the United States Hoard of River Engi
neers and sanction of the Secretary of war;
therefore^ be it
Resolved, That we commend the commis
sion of public works and the auditing board
fer having secured concert of action be
tween Governmental and State authorities
In executing the long needed and practical
works now under the process of construc
tion on both the Sacramento and San Joa
quin rivers.
Organized Labor.
Resolved, That this convention give Its
indorsement for the case of organized labor
and recommends the general use of the la
bel of the Allied Printing Trades' Council
and other union labels.
The Navy Lauded.
The following additional plank ha 3 been
placed in the platform by vote of the con
vention on motion of Senator White:
We appreciate not only the splendid
achievements of our naval heroes, but re
joice also in the magnificent work accom
plished by American labor and skill In the
construction of our ships of war and their
armament. We are particularly gratified at
the perfection manifested in the Oregon,
Olympia and other like vessels bnilt in
California waters, and Insist that further
similar work shall be done here. The
necessities of our growing Importance, the
extension of our foreign trade and the In
terests of our country and citizens abroad
demand such a navy as shall render ag
gression from foreign chores absolutely fu
tile. It Is the duty of Congress to make
corresponding appropriations and to give
us a navy capable of enforcing our rights
wherever questioned.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
A Champion Stake and a Record-
Breaking Event for Non-
Winners.
The largest assemblage of eashmen
ever gathered for a drawing was at
Pythian Castle Ijtst evening. The oc
casion was the making up of the sixteen
dog champion stake, and the event for
non-winners at Ingleside this week. The
champion stake was full before the doors
opened. The non-winner event filled in
side of thirty seconds after the doors
were thrown open at 7:15 Instead of 8
o'clock, the usual time.
The total money for the two stakes is
$1040. m
Champion Btake— slso, $SO, $55 each to
next two and $30 each to next four. Non
winner stake— sloo, $60. $37 50, $27 50 each
to next two, $20 each to next four. $12 50
each to next nine and $7 50 each to next
eighteen.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Non- winner stake — S. Hanson's L. S. Con
ley vs. J. Dowd's Clifton Lass: Deck- (man &
Panario's Glen Chtoe vs. B. Dougherty's
Heather Dell; W. Sweeney's La Julve vs. Rus
sell & Wilson's Victor Queen; H. W. kennel's
Burlington vg. H. Spring's Bill Nye; Napo
leon kennel's Pacific Queen vs. J. Dean's
Hazel Glen; I. L. Sears' Beauty vs. J. Byrne's
Nelly B; J. Quane's Capt Morse vs. B. Dough
erty's Palmer Hill; Lynch & Maher's Ipjttle
M VB. J. Cox's Mission Tip; Kay & T&nt's
Masterpiece vs. Handy & Smith's Perbimls->ns:
J. O'Brien's Miss Perkins vb. P.,RUej's Master
Mat; B. Campbell's Lee Boy vs. G. Smart's
Chiqulta; Deckelman & I'nnario's Koyal Oak
vs. J. Farley's Mystic; T. J. Cronin's Reliable
vs. Lynch & Maher'B Liberty; T. Gaffney's
Sprig o' Hill vs. Napoleon kennel's Decorator;
La rkey & Rock's Emerald vs. W. Dalton's De
cency, I>. Kaher's Bell of Moscow vs. D.
Shannon's Systematic; Lynch & Maher's Fair
View vs. W. Perry's Campania; J. Sexsmith's
Marjorle vs. T. McHughs Matchless; M. Al
len's Miss Alice vs. J. Quane's Thad Stevens;
Derby kennel's Little Dorrit vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Phoebe; Lynch & Maher's Dako
ta vs. Napoleon kennel's Fireball; S. E. Por
tal's Our Boy vs. Russell & Wilson's Victor
Chief; Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell vs. Pene
lope kennel's San Mateo; J. O'Brien's States
man vs. Gideon & Moore's Monitor; M. Sulli
van's Santa Bella vs. Kay & Trent's Innls
falien; J. Wiseman's Damsel vs. J. Farley's
Tullamore; Kay & Trant's Chit Chat vs. P.
O'Donnel's Counterfeit; G. Thompson's Sir
Walter vs. G. Smart's Silkwood: Derby ken
nel's Mona vs. M. Herzog's Little Delight ; D.
Shannon's Soubrette vs. W. Halpin's Daunt
less; R. Pringle's Gladys Pasha vs. Captain
Clarkson'f! Kerry Gow; P. Gaffney's Loralne
vs. A. Vandorberg's Hobson; M. Herzog's
Lanky Bob vs. Kay & Trent's Sylvia; A.
Haißh's Hattel vs. R. Wyman's Rush o' Hill;
J. Strand's Newsboy vs. E. M. Elkus' Tele
phone Girl: I), chilla's St. Nicholas vs. Pene
lope kennel's Las Palmas.
Champion stake — Lowe & Thompson's Prince
H.-il vs. Handy & Smith's Ida; I. L. Sears' Hot
Stuff vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Rosle R; T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Johnny R vs. Deckelman & Pana
rio's Old Glory; W. O'Neil's Promise Me vs.
J. Dean's Cor.nemara; Russell & Wilson's Glen
Rosa vs. A. Haigh's Hadiwist; D. Hooper's
Koolawn vs. J. Dean's Moondyne; J. Eag
nn'p Billy Gladstone vs. Russell & Wilson's
Lady Herschel; O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs.
Handy & Smith's Victor.
The total number of dogs in the two
stakes is eighty-eight and it might easily
have been made forty more. At least
that numbor were unable to get in. The
running will begin at 1 p. m. Saturday
and 10 o'clock on Sunday.
A Miner Drugged.
John Harrison, a miner from Placer
County, Is the latest victim of the deadly
"knock-out" drops. He met a woman on
Barbary Coast who with deft fingers
doctored his drinkß and relieved him of
$40 and a gold watch. Officer Robert Sol
ver found Harrison lying on the side
walk at the corner of Sacramento and
Sansome street early yesterday morning
and locked him up up for drunk. When
the miner came to his senses he reported
to the police that he had been robbed.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkln sts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths: salt wp*"r direct from ocean.
AMUSEMENTS. ; -
"EVERYBODY GOES WHERE THE SHAMROCK BROWS."
y§MH Dm V! I ft TwißrpE
jraaggT* W I3L ¥ P Ji PghPfeH
At MECHANICS' PAVILION. 8»n rrtneisco,
SATURDAY, August 20, to SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 10. ■■.•".-■"■■': • : ■". .-..•.,
Don't forget that the One Dollar 6 Admission
Coupon Tickets will not be on sale after Satur-
day, August '• 20, at 6 o'clock. Purchase them
of any commltteeman or at the : Pavilion Box
Office, open Saturday : morning at ' 10 o'clock.
The regular admission, 26c; children, 10c. The
exposition open daily from 1 o'clock to 6:30 and
7 to 10:30 (Sundays excepted). '.- Bennett's Big
Exposition Concert Band: Blarney Castle; Lim-
erick Races; Plenty of Amusement. ; .--'-• :
1 Great Celebrated - Peace Jubilee ; Saturday
Night Chorus ' of 500 Voices. Splendid Elec-
trical Effect. Battle of Manila, • represented
by Moving Pictures and Military Effects. Grand
Chorus ■of . 600 Voices, under direction lof | John
W. - McKenzle, • will sing Irish - and American
Patriotic •■ Airs. , - v . ;
-Volunteer chorus singers wanted. ■: Rehearsal
at Kohler-Chase Hall. 26 O'Farrell St., to-night.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIS f -- NIGHTS. ;>;-
■ < Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Jbuuiint, witii »tojlßiJ«j. Bo; cbU4r<t9» Mo, ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OLD MEN— YOUNC MEN,
< jflgSa^|frfc. If you want to be cured
><gES^O^S:»w. or strengthened consult
«§§s^^P^(a Dr. Meyers & Co. They
**&?% 'S have been successful i"
[S^p? M treating diseases and
tS&J -. ,^1 weakness of men for 17
Irvm t's=Sfc4K*st years. They have the
{Hjlf jf^K>RS) largest and beet equipped
\HI I JV_^ ISr institution: on the coast
• \jß* I ' /^Jfl for treating • ailments or
wIl^JJPs^ m Aiiments recently con-
*si. "OB »EW4lw tracted .. or those which
£j|te l^flXaM&&W >£ have become dangerous
ggdlV^ jTWHanBr from bad treatment or
ygfts. }»| neglect are quickly and
" "I •V'^SJ i P^!Sk permanently cured by Dr.
Meyers & Co. . ,
I Victims of nervous debility, partial or com-
plete loss of vital power, drains, losses, • etc.,
which have been brought on by excesses, in-
discretions, overwork, worry, etc., . quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured — Consultation Free.
You take no chances In treating with Dr. Mey-
ers & Co.. They will not only, make you sound
and well, but you may keep your money until
you are permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co.'s
dealings with patients, either at office or by
mail, are sacredly confidential.
While a personal Interview Is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doctors.
Sufferers who. cannot visit the city or call on
a part of the staff when they make their regu-
lar monthly visits to Interior towns, should
write for private book for men, free treatise on
any disease, symptom blanks and advice. All
free. '< .. ___
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
781 Market St., San Francisco.
T i 17C El CV 1 TAD Hours daily s to 12—1 to 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evenings 7 to S.
Sundays 9 to 1L
The Damage v
that "cheap" baking pow-
ders do cannot be reckoned
in dollars and cents.
Schilling 's Best is safe. 5
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSOO'S GRANDE
W altxp. Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Week of August 15, 1898. Exceptional produc-
tion of the great melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A Thrilling Story of Love, Labor and Capital.
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE The Langford Steel Works.
Special Engagement of the Clever Comedian,
H. G. HOCKEY, and the Dainty Soubrette,
MARION HOCKEY. .' " ' -
■
MME. TAVARY, World-Famous Prlma Donna.
The Hegelmanns, Europe's Greatest Aerial-
I lsts: Bonnie Thornton, the Dresden Doll; Grant
& Norton, refined comedy sketch; Mcßrlde &
Goodrich, clog dances and songs; Lillian Burk-
hart and company. In a new sketch, "A Pass-
Ing Fancy" ; James Thornton, new songs and
satire; O'Brien & Buckley, musical comlques;
the Macarte Sisters, thrilling wire act.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 60c. |
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Kreling.Proprletor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT, AT 7:60 O'CLOCK,
"LOHENGRIN."
Splendid Casts — Enlarged Chorus— Augmented
Orchestra of 30.
To-morrow Afternoon, at 1:30, Special Mati-
nee. "LOHENGRIN."
Next Week, six nights only, Saturday Mati-
nee,- "LA GIOCONDA."
Sunday Evening ....; "FAUST."
Popular prices. 25 and 60c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the Matinee. 25c. Telephone,
Bush 9. • ' '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK— ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Great -Revival — Originals In Cast.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Augmented and presenting the famous
,v ; "TRILBY."
FROM DU MAURI NOVEL.
Next Monday— "ON PROBATION."
BALDWIN THEATER reopens NEXT MON-
DAY—HENRY MILLER in "HEARTSEASE."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"-* LAST WEEK BUT ONE.-
LEWIS MORRISON.
to night FREDERICK THE GREAT,
Saturday "V"< > "ST*i r~»"lir 'c«
Matinee ■*• V-J.L -L>>_/-fcS_ JO
And Saturday — T ,f~~\-KT&$
And Sunday Nights • LJ V v Oi
Next Monday— "The Merchant of Venice."
CENTRAL PARK
Market and Eighth Streets.
LARY'S BIG SPECTACULAR - DISPLAY,
THE .■■■■:
BATTLE
OF
MANILA
iiiiiii'iiiwOPENS w
- SATURDAY. AUG. 20. at 8:30 p. m.
A $40,000 PRODUCTION.
ADMISSION, 25c; RESERVED SEATS, 50c.
(IFCiL&^OURCES
: EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS .
nnT^PATUTO EXHIBIT
i';UUfl-lM AHJI-TO ATTEND
"^ ES *
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. . *
ROARS OF LAUGHTER GREET
! , EDWIN R. LANG, i the < "Poetical : Tramp,"
; IN THE <■ FREE THEATER; - •-- ?-
CANNON, THE 613-POUND SWISS. ALWAYS
" AT HOME.
SEE SULTANA AND HER ' 3 BABY LIONS.
: AND AN. ALLIGATOR ,IN THE ZOO!
; : 10c, including Zoo and Theater ;. Children, 6c. •
AI VMPH Eddy, cor. . Mason— Greatest '■- Free
I iliriA Show In America. ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS. Japan's most Skilled
Balancers,' Jugglers I and Acrobats; -DARRELL
& MILLER. ROCKWELL. . ROYCE ■ SISTERS
and others. Admission free. \, Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f United States Branch.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP STETTIN. PRUSSIA. ON THE 313T
KM day of December. A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
■ • ■ %'■*."■-:•; ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $800 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 660, 60
Cash in company's office 553 34
Cash In. banks 15.667 98
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 6.543 33
Premiums in due course of collection 94,672 20
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks SB IS
Due ■ from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 2,330 IS
Total assets , J782.443 £3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,977 00
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 41.823 94
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8,466 00
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,603 37;
reinsurance 50 per cent 163.304 69
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $321, OS;
reinsurance pro rata ...... .. 161,635 01
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 60 per cent .. 1,307 77
All other demands against the com-
pany ■... 84,237 15
Total liabilities $413.817 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $423,193 44
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums.... 7,801 73
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources '. 25, 08 1 SO
Received for rents 50 50
Received, from all other sources 387 50
Total Income $456,515 66
.- . . EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $216,036 00
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,064 24
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ..„ 90,459 24
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23,321 95
Paid for State, national and local '
taxes ....: 12,042
Ail other payments and expenditures 51,832 24
Total expenditures $413,776 31
Liosses incurred during the year $226,214 63
Risks and Premium*. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ri«ks
written during the year $43,400,435 $548,661 15
Vet amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 38,204,945 484,157 12
Met amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 52,124,012 648,007 45
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Vet amount of risks
written during the year $1,152,068 $11,199 90
yet amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 1.183,997 11,597 13
Met amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597.... 67,630 3,307 77
_ ] _ _
THEODORE W. LETTON, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 224
lay of January. 1898. SIMEON W. KING,
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
W. LOAIZA~¥ COMPANY,
Managers,
216 SANSOmE STREET,
; SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN, Special Agent.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
;,.."•- -i_ OF THE — -'
NIAGARA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
kJ New York, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of the Commissioner. up In.
CAPITAL,
t of capital stock, paid up in.
cash , $500,000 00
ASSETS,
Real estate owned by company 41,000.000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 302,700 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,074,835 00
Cash in company's office and in
banks 120,265 83
Interest due and accrued on all ■
stocks and loans 4,202 31
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages... 3,284 16
Premiums in due course of collection 254.352 38
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks ....:.. 333 34
Rents due and accrued 4,204 98
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid . 3,394 45
Total assets .$2,767,722 45
LIABILITIES. •
Losses adjusted and unpaid, lpsses In
'process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses ............. $133,062 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,125,785 47;
reinsurance 50 per cent 562,892 74
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,375,-
435 31; reinsurance pro rata 734,73173
All other demands against the com-
pany 123,269 23
Total liabilities $1,553,956 43
' . ft INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire . _
premiums ?-...• .$1,623,595 00
Received for Interest on bonds ana
mortgages ;■••;■ 7,097 00
Received for interest .and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 44,442 53
Received for rents 27.32S 00
Total Income ..........:... $1,702,462 ES
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $739,324 31
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 1,287 20
Dividends to stockholders..; 60,262 50
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage • %—;;»,"; 306>76S 13
Paid for • salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 158.42T 68 • -
Paid > for • State, national and local
taxes . .........-.••••••••• •■ 40,594 51
All payments and expenditures 130,704 31 .
Total expenditures $1,427,368 64
•. • • ■ Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $726,535 67
- Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $212,275,65? $2,133,235 22
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 204,272,901 2,031,852 48
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1&97 269.276.475 2. 220 78
GEO. C. HOWE.' Vice-President.
1 , GEO. W. DEWEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January. 1898. v. • .
- . THOS. MOON. Notary Public. -
W. LOAIZA & COMPANY,
i State Agents,
216 SANSOmE STREET,
 . . . SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
•; Telephone Main 1597.
FRANK N. RUST. Special Agent
— ;—;; — ; — — " •■' ■ "
r'tga^:^.} WONG WOO,
fv B *®. CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Cr^ f i- * n SANITARIUM,
n» dlwh 764-68 CLAY ST., San Frane:soj,C»i
WSjBFrJiH.. Ail diseases cured exclualvs-
TB&fcs^iMlv 1* *>X Chinese herbs, over 3 AX
/J9WR(?Jr«!v* .- Tarietle» beln* used. ADVICH '
FREE. Hours, 8:10 to U •> m.. l to 3 and It«
•p. so. .. ■ -.-.•■ ■ - "
'■ ■ "■-"'-■ - • ' ' '- ■ ■ '- ■' '■■ ■- «c
U'DTTC'TJT7C' FOR BARBERS. BAK- ,"
ajni U i^lTlld ers, bootblacks, bath-
mmM - m - - ■+**+*■*■**'*' houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, ; tenners, •
dyers, fiourrmlls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, r printers, painters, shoe ■ factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers,'; tanners, tailors, etc.
' BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St -PARADEE
AND GAGE
RECEIVING
Their Headquarters
Thronged With
% Visitors.
Delegates Being Elect-
O D
ed and Loyal Reso
lutions Adopted.
SOME PLEDGES FOR FLINT.
Republicans Active and
Going Gayly Into
the Fray.
V Dr. Pardee and Henry T. Gage held
•'levees all day yesterday at their re
: Fp.ective headquarters in the Palace.
•/The callers were principally personal
-arid political friends of the two as-
I'jrants for the Republican guberna
■■-. toVial nomination. And they would
; .'first pay their respects to their favorite
and then go into the opposing camp
: j.jand/ get acquainted. Cordial relations
.are established between the rival forces
: : - and the partisans express a desire that
■.. the strongest man will win. The ad
y. hereats of Mr. Gage and Dr. Pardee
.c.li declare they are Republicans, first,
."/• last and all the time, and that no mat-
Vter what the result may be they will
/.alt get in line for the nominee of the
/•: ; No prediction can be made as to the
/ pinner of the contest.
.':•". The candidates will not discuss their
r; £lans and their lieutenants are hope
; lessly ignorant on the subject. Colonel
■ ■J}± -M. Burns and Major McLaughliri ;
•-emphatically assert that they have no
candidate for Governor, and that the
* delegates to the State convention will
; •b.e unhampered and free to act as they
' choose in selecting the head \of the
• ticket.
•; • Candidates for places on the Republican
State ticket were plentiful around the city.
' 'Thomas Flint Jr., President pro tern, of
'.the- Senate, returned from San Luis Oblspo
yesterday. He is still in the, contest for
the nomination for Governor, and says he
'-•■will remain in the fight until disposed of
•by the convention. Like the other candi
dates, Senator Flint declines to give his
• plans to the public
• It is rumored that Pardee has more
than an equal chance to capture the en
• tire Humboldt delegation with seventeen
' vofe.s. ■ He has a cousin on the delegation
"'"•and the relative Is reported as doing good
■ -work. The delegation will arrive here
; Monday and go to Sacramento. Immedi
?. ately on arrival at the convention city, a
:.': .' raocus will be held. The delegates will
■ • Vfite as a unit.
: ' Chairman Cassin of the San Diego del
i egatluii arrived yesterday and called on
:=: = (Jage and Pardee. Mr. Cassin says hte
: delegation is unpledged and will support
".the strongest man.
; " .Arthur Levinsky of Stockton came
:"dbwn yesterday to see how his chances
.for the chairmanship are increasing.
: .F'r.ink Short of Fresno, who is also after
.the honor, is in town. It is conceded that
' .Jacob Neff, the popular miner, can wield
! the gravel if he so desires. With Neff out
.'of the field Lc-vinsky and Short stand
• equal chances.
. .-.Delegates Buchanan of Pasadena and
.Frank P. Flint of Los .% ngeles were about
: thje Palace yesterday.
• " "Judge Clark of Los Angeles, who is af-
: fer the nomination for Associate Justice
; "of -the. Supreme Court, is here and busy
•Interviewing delegates,
:"• -Delegates Hodgson of Ventura and
". Andrews of San Diego were In evidence
■-at the < ; carters.
Two aspirants for the Attorney Gener
■ alcy. Tirev L. Ford of this city and Sena
■torGuy of Pan Diego, were extending the
"glmA hand to all delegates.
: Willis Witters, delegate from San Ma
:'teo. reported at headquarters. He says
•i.-itor Felton is making no effort to
•secure the nomination for Governor.
Dr. Pardee received many callers yes
v, and among them were Messrs.
Gage and Flint, his rivals. Other well
: known Republicans who came in were.
■ Timothy Guy Phelps. J. 12. Farnham of
Alameda County: Assessor Daiton Su
. perintendent of the Mint Frank Leach,
:M. M. Estee, Senator Gleaves, Senator
Androus, Judge Williams of Ventura and
a. number of others.
• " "H. G. W. Dir,kelspiel, who Becks the
ation for Congress from the Fourth
'.D'isjrtct. seams to be gaining strength.
friends are confident he will defeat
if n<mlnat"d. Julius Kahn is Din
-kerspiel'a opponent and his supporters
"think he will win out.
--■Edward I. Sheehan is the latest candi
' - Secretary of State.
Kx-j!!<ig<> i). j Murphy has announced
.Mr candidacy for the i/omination for Dis
trict Attorney of San Francisco.
LIST OF KILLED AND
WOUNDED AT MANILA
Americans Who Fell During the tfal
lant Attack on the Enemy's
Intrenchments.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The
World's Manila correspondent cableß:
The following is the list of casualties
In the Astor Battery:
THE KILLED.
HOLMES; E., first sergeant.
CREMINS, D., second sergeant.
THE WOUNDED.
..HILLMAN, R. H., sergeant
iVAN HONE, H., corporal.
BAKER, C, private.
BEWTELL, G., private.
. DUNN, C, private.
. HAYDEN, T. J., private.
SEYMOUR, W. H., private.
: VAN PELT, C. E., private.
..Private Dunn's wound is serious.
The. other wounded men will get well.
The losses were pretty evenly di
vided among the two brigades. I have
obtained tne following names of
killed and wounded outside of the
Astor Battery:
THE KILLED.
HOWELL, SAMUEL, Fourteenth
Regulars. $
LEW^S, WM., Nebraska Volun
teers.
M'CANN, ROBERT, Fourteenth
Regulars.
O'NEIL, EDWARD, California
Volunteers.
PATTERSON, A. P., private, Min
nesota Volunteers.
PHOENIX, H., private, Colorado
Volunteers.
THOLLEN, ATJGt ST, private,
Twenty-third United States Infantry.
THE WOUNDED.
BURSEN, BJORNSTJED, captain,
Minnesota Volunteers, severely.
SEEBACH, 0., captain, Minnesota
Volunteers, seriously.
BAKER, private, Twenty-third
Regulars.
CARLSON, private, Minnesota
Volunteer^.
DUNMORE, JOHN, private, Cali
fornia Volunteers.
HAMM.&RSON, ALBERT, private,
California V olunteers.
KAHL, private, Minnesota Volun
teers.
M'CANN, private, Twenty-third
Regulars.
MOORE, private, Minnesota Vol
unteers.
MORGAN, private, Twenty-third
Regulars.
NEWMAN, private, Twenty-third
Regulars.
PARKER, private, Twenty-third
Regulars.
TETZOFF, private, Minnesota Vol
unteers.
WOUNDED MINNESOTANS.
The Sun's Manila cable gives the
following as the wounded of the Thir
teenth Minnesota:
CAPTAIN OSCAR SEEBACH, of
Company Q, shot through the lungs,
seriously.
CAPTAIN A. W. BJERNSTAD,
Company H, shot in the body, seri
ously.
LIEUTENANT 0. J. BUNKER,
Company C.
SEKGEANT CHAS. BTTRNSON,
Company C, shot in the head, seri
ously.
SERGEANT M. M. CABLTON,
Company £.
CORPORAL H. E. WILLIAM,
Company I*2.
PRIVATE T, M. CROWL, Com- j
A SKETCH FROM LIFE OF THE DEMOCRATIOPOPULISTIC NOMINEE FOR GOVERNOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
pany G.
PBIVATE WILLIAM A. JONES,
Company Q. • )
PRIVATE L. H. WALLACE, Com
pany H.
PRIVATE G. THORSELL, Com
pany H.
PRIVATE CHAS. LITTLE, Com
pany F.
PRIVATE G. H. HILLMOBE,
Company H.
PRIVATE C. P. RICE, Company
A, serious.
PRIVATE H. BORROWMAN,
Company K.
PRIVATE G. F. TENNY, Com
pany L, shot three time 3, all wounds
slight.
PRIVATE L. ULMAR, Company
L, seriously.
Woodworkers' Strike Settled.
OSHKOSH. Wla., Aug. IS.— The wood
workers' strike, which has been in prog
ress here for the last three months, was
practically settled to-day and most of the
strikers went back to work. The terms
of settlement are withheld, but it is said
the manufacturers promise a slight ad
vance of wages.
BRAUNHART
TOOK WATER
Sammy Was Forced to
Swallow His Rash
Remarks.
Dwyer Gave Him the Lie and
Fanned His Nose With
His Fist.
CALLi HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 18.— Senator Sammy
Braunhart has been called down a sec
ond time since his advent in the capital.
J. J. Dwyer contributed to his humilia
tion. The little incident occurred during
the meeting of the special committee on
San Francisco organization appointed by
Beth Mann, chairman of the platform
and resolution committee, in the parlor of
the Golden Eagle Hotel, last evening.
Braunhart, In the heat of his arrument
in favor of the Committee of One Hun
dred conducting the primaries, told of
the means taken by bosses and their fol
lowers at such elections, and incidentally
admitted that the "end justified the
means," and he would do likewise if hid
party needed it. He stated that no other
than Mr. Dwyer had, in his office a year
ago, made that statement to him. •
Dwyer jumped from his seat as If he
were shot from a catapult, and his face
livid with rage and with his right fist un
comfortably near the nose of the rash
speaker, yelled: "You are a blankety
blank, blank liar, if you say I ever made
that remark."
Braunhart paled visibly and retreated
out of reach of the indignant attorney's
fist. • Not a member seated In the room
stirred from his chair and not one word
was uttered to prevent a brawl, every
body present well knowing that Braun
hart would tamely submit to the "call
down."
"And I repeat," said the angry Dwyer,
"that if you impute the authorship of
that infamous lie to me, I'll ram the
words down your lying throat."
With a meekness that disgusted those
seated in the room, Braunhart swallowed
the rebuke and continued in his defense
of the primary system. He had hardly
uttered another sentence when he was
again interrupted by the irate Dwyer.
Braunhart was dwelling on the virtues of
the committee of One Hundred and men
tioned the name of "Whispering" Gavin
McNab as a gentleman whom he ae
llghted to honor. __
"Mr. Braunhart," laid Mr.- Dwyer,
shaking his finger at him. "Didn't you
come into my office a month ago and say
that Mr. McNab was the blank blankest
liar in the country?"
As Braunhart did not deny the charge
Dwyer vented his feeling against the
'"Whispering" boss by adding, "For once
in your life you told the truth. I knew
you did because I rammed those very
words down McNab's throat."
Braunhart then appealed to me speaker
for protection from the interruptions or
his Nemesis, but got little sympathy
from that person, as he wa3 cautioned
riot to deal in personalities but address
his remarks to the question.
Again he strove to enlighten the com
mittee on the underhand practices of the
bosses to obtain possession of the primar
ies, and again he was interrupted by
Dwyer. This time he was dwelling on
the probability of the various bosses in
the different Assembly districts carrying
the primaries. He went so far as to give
the names of those who would do the
job, but before he had enumerated them
all Dwyer landed a solar plexus punch by
accusing him of Inflicting the greatest
stigma on the local Democracy by being
the author of the "Isinglass Ticket" used
In a primary election.
Braunhart's only answer to the repeat
ed attacks made by Dwyer was, "I par
don you, I pardon you for your inter
ruptions and unkind remarks. I know
that you don't mean them."
Dwyer retorted he meant everything he
said and was willing to back it up. The
Senator from south 'of Market street was
loth to take up the cudgels in his own
defense, but tried to win the confidence
of the members of the committee by
grandiloquently saying: "Sam Braunhart
says these things on nls word of hon.jfc
Sam Braunhart, Senator from San Fran
cisco, whose knowledge of these things is
great, makes these assertions on his word
of honor."
The "honor" of the speaker seemed to
strike the committee as being a thing to
be questioned, as many tried hard to sup
press a smile. Not so with Dwyer; a
parting crack at the man who tried to be
smirch his good name for decency In pol
itics presented itself right there, and ho
sarcastically announced that he would
not give ten cents for his honor.
I'nfeazed by these remarks, Braunhart
continued his speech until the faces of his
listeners warned him that he was getting
tiresome.
Stole False Teeth.
Henry Graham, alias McCarthy, alias
Shorty Levres, was arrested last evening
for petty larceny. Albert Cohn. a barber
at 22 Montgomery avenue, the complain
ing witness, claims that Graham took
from his shop articles valued at $25.
Among the things missing are a set of
false teeth and an overcoat. The man is
known to the police.
Young People in Session.
The semi-annual convention of the
Toung People's Association of the Pres
bytery of San Francisco was held In
Westminster Church at Page and Gough
Btreets last evening, and the work and
progress of the society during the past
six months was reviewed. Reports of va
rious committees were forwarded and
considered and the work for the coming
half year outlined.
Death of a Scotch Author.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Sir William Au
gustin Fraser, Bart, the author, and one
of the Queen's body guards of Scotland,
is dead.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For to-day and to-morrow — Friday and .
; Saturday — you will find our big store over-
flowing with bargains, and such bargains
that will pack crowds to the doors. The .
last days will be memorable ones. Not an
article that has not been cut deep into the
original cost — and values have not been
considered — only to make a clearance and
a quick one is the aim. . There are over
500 Men's Suits marked down at sacrificing
prices; 250 Boys' and Little Boys' Suits — *
prices cut in two ; Men's and Boys' Trousers
that ought to bring twice the price asked,
and all the balance of our great purchase
of the shirt stock at "take 'em away prices,"
Al Ifl Suits, for men and 0 Q Qft Suits, sacks and
RLLI young men, 34 to OU frocks.strictly all wool,
Sr B ?^m 44, all wool, dark \ Sr**^^ single and double
and light colors. Two days only, j breasted, round and square cut.
Worth $10. * Two days only. Worth $20.
$|A Qft Here are Suits and Over- \
Hi Ib OU coats superbly tailored in ; ' v.
jjggjjxjfo suits are frocks and sacks in best quality i2SBbr
r ';V diagonal, tweed, cheviot and cassimeres.
The overcoats and top coats are English
; covert .and Kersey cloth, silk lined, and
are worth $25.
$6.00 v Trousers for two A q . « n
day 5....... . .. i vJiull
$5.00 Trousers — Friday A q -nn
and Saturday .. WiUU
$4.00 Trousers— two *a rr
days..... JlpZiOO
$3.00 Trousers' — Friday a i qa
and Saturday . .. ;. glioU
Boys' Clothing.
. Reefer two-piece Suits, grand
in every detail, trimmed in latest
styles, narrow and OS% A L
wide collars. Worth 0/l ■ 3
$5:00............ " =
Boys' $3.50, $4.00 0i jr.
Reefer Suits. ...... Oil I 3
Men's Furnishings
75c quality Golf and Negligee
Shirts 35C !
pi.oo. quality Shirts, Collars
and Cuff 5 ........... 65C
■ .. ■ ". -■ ' - . ; ;; i --' ' -
£1.50 quality Semi-Dress Shirts 85C
$1.00 Underwear, each. .... .45C
$1.50 Underwear, each .'. . . . 65C
25c Hosiery, black and colors. jQc
.-.•'• ~* .. • ; ''ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST"
HAIL- ; FiUed : for all goods a- a nil! Ill
3RDERS attention Y e Strict TH F' | * |'fI L U 1 11-
3RDERS attention given and THEKMLU ft IEI
atisfaction warranted ' in each and HJLhI Ihbhh
very case. , war _
Clothiers,
fet^Pr 9 ' Send for rules of ' self H a t te rs and
■■H^ measurement and memo- ■ FumishsrS
m^^^ : randum book FREE by ■ 924-930 Market St.
■* 924-930 Market St.
/ras\ /the\
BALDWiM /RALDWifn
i fUOTHIERS / A * ifiLOTHIEBS/
$2.00 Trousers — for two a< «-
days OliOD
$1.75 Trousers — Friday ~-
and Saturday.. ... uOC
$1.50 Trousers — for two --
days. I DC
$1.00 Trousers — Friday ..
and Saturday.... ODC
Boys' Clothing.
Little Boys' Middy Vestie Suits,
very finely braided and ort IE
trimmed. Worth $6 O/iIJ
Little Boys' Middy 01 7 C
Vestie Suits, stylishly Oil I U
made. Worth $3.50 ■ -— -
Men's flats.
$1.50 Derbies and Soft Hats.9sc
$2.00 Derbies and Soft Hats
$1.45
$3.00 Derbies and Soft Hats
$1.75
3est 50c Golf and Bicycle
Caps, Tarn o' Shanters and
Sailors — each 25c
910
ALL PHILIPPINE
ISLANDS INCLUDED
IN THE CAPTURE
Sweeping Terms of the Capitula
tion to Merritt and
Dewey.
Entire Archipelago Said to Have Passed Into tr;e
Possession of tr;e An)ericar)
forces.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— An important point on which the officials
are without definite information is to the extent of our present author
ity in the Philippines. Under the peace protocol the United States was
given the occupation of Manila, with the bay and harbor, until a perma
nent disposition of the Philippine question was reached. But according
to press dispatches which are so circumstantial as to be credited in most
official quarters General Merritt and Admiral Dewey received the capit
ulation of the entire Philippine archipelago.
There appears to be some doubt, therefore, even among officials, as to
whether our present authority and jurisdiction cover Manila only, as
providea by the peace protocol, or cover all the Philipines, as provided
by the reported terms of the capitulation to Merritt and Dewey.
There is a disposition to await fuller official information before lay
ing down a policy as to the extent of our jurisdiction in the islands.
Secretary Alger said to-day that he had heard nothing of the surren
der of the entire Philippine group. At the same time the Secretary did
not discredit the accuracy of the press advices stating that the capitula
tion had this far-reaching effect. Pending more definite information,
the attitude of the officials is to asssume that our authority covers Ma
nila city, Manila bay and harbor and also such other territory as may be
occupied by the military and navn.l forces.
The latter phrase is elastic enough to cover any or all of the Philip
pine Islands that may have been brought under our authority by the re
cent surrender. The instructions sent to General Merritt have in view
the expansion of our possessions beyond the terms mentioned in the pro
tocol, as they distinctly state that this Government is in possession of
Manila and that its authority to preserve peace and order will be ex
erted "within the territory occupied by the military and naval forces."
DEWEY'S NAME
IS SUGGESTED
Peace Commission Not
Yet Made Up.
PRESIDENT IS YET UNDECIDED
BEAR ADMIRAL NEEDED AS
NAVAL ADVISER.
It Is Probable That When Congress
Meets the Grade of Admiral
Will Be Revived
for Him.
"~ Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
There la still uncertainty as to the
composition of the peace commission.
The President has not succeeded in
adding any names to his list to-day
and It stands as yesterday, with but
Secretary Day and Senator Davis upon
Jt. Rear Admiral Dcwoy has been sug
gested as a member of the commission.
I was informed to-day that it was not
probable he would be appointed,
though it was quite probable he would
be ordered to Paris as naval adviser to
the American commissioners.
It is probable that when Congress
meets Rear Admiral Dewey will be
honored by having the gTade of ad
miral revived for him, and that he will
be appointed to the grade by the Pres
ident in recognition of his unparalle'ed
.services during the war with Spain.
MADRID. Aug. 18.— The nomination
of Senator Davis on the peace com
mission would not be well received
here, owing to his strong and openly
expressed anti-Spanish sentiments. As
anticipated in my dispatches, Senor
Gamazo's project that the Cortes
Bhould meet almost immediately has
carried the day.
GENERAL MERRITT TO
ISSULi A PROCLAMATION
Scheme of Government for Manila
• • and the Surrounding
Country.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— A special dis
COLONEL SMITH AT TARGET PRACTICE AT CAVITE.
(From a sketch by a Call staff artist.)
patch to the World from Manila, dated
August 14, via Hongkong, to-day, says:
General Merritt has prepared a procla
mation to the natives which provides a
scheme of government for Manila and
surrounding territory and the other island
places in our possession, the chief points
of which are as follows:
Rigid protection to all In personal re
ligion. , ,
Municipal laws, tribunals and legal In
stitutions for punishment of crime to re
main until further notice (except where
incompatible with military rule), subject
to the super%-lsion of the American gen
eral.
Provost marshal nnd sub-provosts to be
appointed with power to arrest citizens as
well as military officers.
Open trade for neutral nations.
Public property to be rigorously pro
tected.
No interference with the people so long
as they preserve peace.
General Merritt now occupies the cap
tain general's palace, having established
his official headquarters there.
CAPITULATION WAS
EFFECTED SECRETLY
Spanish Killed in the Land and Sea
Attack on Manila Number
Sixty.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, Aug. 18.— Advices from
The Call-Herald correspondent In Ma
nila state that the Spanish officials
kept secret the proposed capitulation
of Manila so well that the inhabitants
of Manila were hourly expecting the
Americans to shell the city, and were
greatly surprised when the troops
marched in.
It was the Seventy-ttflrd Native Reg
iment that fired on the American troops
resting at the luneta.
Captain General Augusti's dismissal
is considered another deception of the
corrupt Ministry to shift the respon
sibility to the shoulders of a general
who had done his utmost to remedy
the effect of the glaring dishonesty of
his predecessors and their accomplices,
the Ministers of Spain.
The entire Spanish colony In Ma
nila disapproved of General Augustl's
dismissal. General Jaudemes was un
willing to supersede him and yielded
only under strong pressure.
It Is believed by The Call-Herald
Manila correspondent that the Philip
pines will readily accept American gov
ernment.
A proclamation printed In the Gov
ernment gazette, and also posted on the
street corners, prohibits any one In
Manila from leaving the walled city.
The Spaniards hoped till the last for
foreign intervention.
It Is now estlbated that only sixty
Spaniards were killed.
THE SA2T FRANCISCO CALL, FEIPAT, AUGUST 19, 1898.
HEAVY FIGHTING
IN SOUTH LUZON
Spaniards and Natives
Engaged.
A MASSACRE OF FILIPINOS
FIVE HTTNDBED PUT TO DEATH
AT PILAR.
German Cruiser Carrying Spanish
Dispatches and a Merchantman
Transporting the Enemy'a
Soldiers.
Bv*c\al Dispatch to Th» Call.
LONDON. Aug. 18.— The Singapore
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
The native rebellion in the Philippines
has extended to the hemp provinces in
South Luzon. Heavy fighting occurred
at Pagliatuan, Pilar and Ponsol.the im
mediate cause being the outrages com
mitted by the Spaniards at Pagliatuan.
The Spanish burned Pilar and mas
sacred 500 natives.
The insurgents are concentrating at
Albay with the object of cutting off the
retreat of numerous Spaniards In the
Airman cruiser has been carrying
dlspatehos from the captain general or
the Visayas Islands to the district be
tween Cebu and Iligan and the Spanish
military depot at Mindanao. The steam
er Rosario. flying the German flasr. has
been transporting troops thence to
After the Island of Masbate had been
taken by the insurgents the latter re
fused to allow the German steamer
Clara to enter any ports under their
control.
Russia After a Coaling Station.
LONDON. Aug. 19.— The Daily Mail's
Odessa correspondent says he hears on
incontestable authority that Russia has
opened a pourparler with Spain for
the cession of a coaling station in the
Philippines.
INSURGENTS MUST
RESPECT THE LAW
Instructions Sent to General Merritt
Regarding the Occupation
of Manila.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— The War De
partment to-day made public the order
sent to General Merritt last evening re
garding the occupation of the city of Ma
nila by the American forces. The order
is as follows:
"Adjutant General's Office, "Washing
ton, D. C, Aug. 17, IS9S— Major Qpneral
Merritt, Manila: The President directs
that there must be no joint occupation
with the insurgents. The Americans
are in possession of Manila city, Manila
bay ana harbor, and must preserve the
peace and protect persons within the ter
ritory occupied by their military and
naval forces The insurgents and all
others must recognize the military occu
pation and authority of the United States
and the cessation of hostilities proclaimed
by the President. Use whatever means
in your judgment are necessary to this
end. All law-abiding people must be
treated alike.
"By order of Secretary of War.
"H. C. CORBIN.
"Adjutant General."
AUGUSTI REMOVED
ON AUGUST FIFTH
Held No Official Position When He
Was Carried on a German
Ship From Manila.
MADRID, Aug. 18.— At the Cabinet
Council to-day, tha Queen Regent presid
ing. Senor Sagasta, the Premier, explain
ed the progress of the peace negotiations.
After the council General Correa, Minis
ter of War, Bald to the correspondent of
the Associated Press that Captain Gen
eral Augustl was removed from command
at Manila on August 5.
ENGLAND CONGRATULATES.
United States Felicitated on the Ter
mination of the War.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Tha State
Department to-day received another inter
national congratulation on the restora
tion of peace, this one coming from the
British Embassador, Sir Julian Paunce
fote, who is now sojourning at New Lon-
don. Conn. The Embassador communi
cated the expression of profound gratifi
cation with which Her Majesty's Govern
ment learned of the signature of the pre
liminaries of peace between the United
States and Spain, and the sincere con
gratulations to the President and Govern
ment of the United States upon the ter
mination of the war.
No Further Bond Issues.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— It Is the opin
ion of the officials of the Treasury De
partment that there will be no necessity
for another bond issuo growing out of
the war, and that the present revenue
law, with possibly slight modifications,
should be retamed on the statute book
for an Indefinite period.
LIEUTENANT T. M. BRUMBY, WHO .RAISED THE AMER
ICAN FLAG OVER MANILA.
Lieutenant Brumby, Immediately after the terms of capitulation
had been signed, hurried off to lower the Spanish flag— ln reality to
lower all of Spain's flags in the Philippines by taking down one.— From
a special cable by Sol &(• Sheridan, one of The Call's special -war correspondents it:
the Philippines.
MADRID GOVERNMENT
NAMES COMMISSIONERS
Blanco on the Cuban Board and Ma
rias on That for Porto
Rico.
LONDON, Aug. 19.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Dally News says
that Generals Blanco. Castellanos and
Admiral Manterola have been ap
pointed commissioners for Cuba, and
Generals Macias and Ortega and Ad
m'nil Vallerino for Porto Rico.
it Is probable, the correspondent
says, that Senor Leon y Castillo, the
Spanish Embassador to France, will
preside at the sessions of the Paris
commission. Senor Morefs candida
ture is made Impossible by the hostile
attitude of the press.
HAD NOT HEARD OF THE WAR.
Two Vessels From San Francisco Ar
rive at New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Two American
ships which sailed from the Pacific Coast
early in the spring arrived at this port
to-day having been all the intervening
time on the Bea, without being reported
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ OF THE—
BRITISH-AMERICA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE SIST
day of December. A. D. 1897 and for the
year ending on that day. as ma .? f| . to o he - [ ,, 1 ?*
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and _
bonds owned by company $9 2Hi? 22 !
Cash in banks •- •• 41.652 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Premium™* due" course of "collection 20Y.lO S 14
Bills receivable, not matured, taken 12.123 91
for fire and marine risks i-i^> yl
Total assets $1,268,315 33
• ,' ' LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,27S 66
Losses In process of adjustment or MIM M '
in suspense "inciudiAg 'expenses: \ 10.1ZO 45
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,^9 45
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $687.438 00,
reinsurance 50 per cent.............. 343,719 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $440,513 04;
reinsurance pro rata ■-••■• 229.459 96
Gross premiums on marine and in- (
land navigation risks; reinsurance _
100 per cent.. •-••- •••■■ 40,214 48
Gross premiums on . marine time
risks; reinsurance CO per cent 1,667 86
All other demands against the com- niSS i 2
Total liabilities .*.•- $803,522 47
' INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre _
premiums ■••;••; $582,378 37
Net cash actually received for ma- _
rine premiums •••••■• •••• 158,691 6o
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from . -
all other sources •• • a»,M»i 41
" Total Income ' .$1,075,63143
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5....... $486,904 37
Net amount paid for. marine losses.. 115,683 01
Paid or allowed for commission or .
brokerage •^•"IV w>z ? 4 06
Paid for salaries,' fees and other „,.„„„„
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 41,193 66
Paid, for State, national t and local
taxes' • -."29.732 13
All. other payments and expenditures 72,390 21
Total expenditures $940,187 44
Flre. • Marine.
L ?hr S y ear U . rrgd ... dU .' n -%1.<« 98 ; $120^20 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
writte? during the year ; $95,100,144 $1,154,275 47
Net amount of risks ex- _ _ _ • _ ••■■-
pired during the year. . 82.046,680 1,122.149 67
ymTeHl. l^r..^: : 94.343.145 1,127.35104
. ; . ■;• ■.-- .. - .■.•: ;•■; ■ Marine ; ■ •
Risks: and Premiums.- Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
•written during. the year $24,097,786 $205,590 35
Net amount of risks ex- . ..
plred during the year.. 24,490,012 196,054 94
Net amount in ' force De- . • ■ -... *'■■■ '-■ "•■/
cember 31. 1897.......... 2,111,053 41,882 34
' J. J. KENNY, Vice-President.
•P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. "'GAMBLE. Notary Public.
H. D. GAMBLE. Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
y General Agents, . ,
221 SANSO^IB STREET,
''-.". /J BAN FRANCISCO. ,- - ' - - .
and being oblivious of the fact that war
was being waged by this country and
Spain, making their capture as prizes of
war possible. The war began and was
terminated with the period of their voy
apre. The vessels are the ship Charmer
of 1221 tons, Captain Harvey which sailed
from San Francisco on April 23, and the
bark Guy C. Goss of 1430 tons. Captain
Mellett, which sailed from Port Blakeley
on March 30.
COME TO STAY AS SOLDIERS.
Volunteers Dislike the Idea of Being
Mustered Out.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— The War De
partment has ueen trying to ascertain
tho wishes of the troops aa to being mus
tered out, it being the object . to accom
modate them as far as possible. Up to
the present time it looks as If all the
volunteers wanted to remain and that
the mustering out will have to be by ar
bitrary order. The troops wxien muster
ed out will be transported to their homes.
Kansas Troops for Man! jo.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— It was decid
ed to-day to send the Twentieth Kansas
to Manila, should additional troops be
asked for by General Merritt? The
Twentieth is now at San Francisco.
Eight thousand carrier pigeons are -kept
for use in the Germany army. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, CANADA, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1597, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $25,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,165,526 88
Cash In company's office 12S 95
Cash in banks 241.544 S2
Premiums In due course of collection 253,631 42
Bills receivable, not matured, taken -
for fire and marine risks 34,600 07
Total assets $1,720,432 14
LIABILITIES.
Lt*ses adjusted and unpaid $29,576 89
Losses In process of adjustment or
' in suspense 138,331 42
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 15,227 99
Gross premiums on fire risks run- - \
ning one year or less, $1,031,157 01;
reinsurance 50 per cent 815, 678 60
Gross premiums on fire rinks run-
ning more than one year, $660,769 56;
reinsurance pro rata 344,234 98
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 51,490 75
Gross premiums on marine time
"risks; reinsurance 50 per cent. , 9,296 22
Commissions and' brokerage due and
to become due 34.491
Total liabilities $1,138,228 33
f INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,457,300 01
Net cash' actually received for ma- •
v rine premiums .. 268.125 38
Received for Interest on bonds and .
mortgages 1,680 00
Received for ■ Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 43,313 40
Total ; Income.... $1,770,418 74
- EXPENDITURES. . Vj-
Net amount paid for fire losses $748,737 60
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 22-4,166 20
Paid ;or allowed i for commission or , '
brokerage .". 349,350 50
Paid , for salaries, , fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 41,500 00
Paid for State, national and local .
taxes ..'. 46.802 00
AH other payments and expenditures' 130,764 45
■ Total expenditures $1,540,820 75
Fire. Marine.
Losses incurred during •
the year :.;....;..... $772,440 99 $226,013 20
Risks; and Premiums. IFire Risks. [Premiums.
Net * amount . of risks ;L; L
written during the year $142,650,216 $1,693,879 59
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 126,721,109 1,710,710 14
Net amount in force De- '
cember 31. 1597.:........ 141.514.736 1.691.926 59
' . ' Marine
Risks and Premiums. . Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks „.„ _« '.. ... „
written during the year , $43,289,822 $352,307 80
Net amount of risks ex- . ■ ■ ■ • „„; ,„ '■'
plred during the year.. 49,927,206 386.128 10
Net amount In force De- '.'LI'LL'^L
cember .81. 1897 ■■■..... .4,729.490 70.083 19
J.J. KENNT. Vice-President.
C C. j FOSTER. Secretary.? »
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898. ' '
A. R. CREELMAN. Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents, r^
221 SANSpME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. "- T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I teSe I
I COMPOSITE !
O torn !■»•—>__ ▼
|- SHOE 1
IS THE BEST. I
o — °
a . ' The composite shoe for ladles, manu- ♦
Z faotured by Governor Pingree, com- O
V bines all the . best features of modern 4
♦ shoe making; style, durability, com- o
O fort,' neatness and elegance, and only a
4 skilled workmen are employed. Soft. X
O durable Vlci Kid is used In the uppers, V
4 and the soles are • welt stitched and ▼
O made damp proof. They are made with O
a. new Coin Toes and Kid Tips; 4/
5 price $3 OO O
tWe are the sole agents for this city. +
' O
O Nurses* Vlcl Kid Lace Shoes, hand- .♦
4 sewed, noiseless; reduced to 92 73 Q
O ♦
♦ 'Waiters' Kangaroo Calf Lace Shoes, O
6 easy on the feet; reduced to $3 OO ♦
♦ O
O:1 Children's and Misses' Pebble Calf, ♦
♦ button with spring heels: ■ . O
0 Child's sizes, 8 to 104 TSc .k*
A Misses' sizes, 11 to 2. .....91 OO "> +,
1 O
9 Children's and Misses' Dongola Kia, a
Z. button, with spring heels: A
° Child's sizes, Sto 10^ 85c- 4
♦ Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 91 OO . ;J
O a
A We will forward free to any person ▼
0 living in the country who will send °
A us the names and addresses of 10 ♦
1 ladles a 16-page colored Atlas of tho O
V World, valued at $1 50. a
O °
A Come around and examine our bar- ♦
O gain counter. O
a ;;:..,; i^,i'.:.- - . ■>
A Country orders solicited. O
q Send for Illustrated Catalogue. a
? B. KATCHINSKI, ;
♦ PHILADELPHIA 6HOE COMPANY, O
4 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. $
o *
31/^^l^^ N0 KNIFB of PAIN
•^r fc^^^^^gj j— p^No Pay Until Cured
W |rjBBBS^BMB^^^» Ally lump In a woman"!
iB^BSwMSJHQHDIH breast la cancer. The pol-
fj>\ '■',-/"£'" *^^^M Bon quickly goes to arm-
FjjfSgJHljS^^^L_ pt. If large It. is too late.
§§Bf^^ Wen's face and lip a com-
men place.
ff^^tC^'fSS/^^ U H I * Page Book sent free
■ O rgf M M I with hundreds oraddresies
vV-j^y^ <||<^^' S of honest cures. No Fiuud.
S. CHAMLEY. M. D., 17 &1 7 Third St., N'R Market St.
SsNDTOSOME ONE WITH CANCER
STATEMENT
1 OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
.. —OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that -'ay, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and Gil of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash - $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $415,363 75
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,153,675 31
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 150,000 00
Cash in company's office 23,136 S2
Cash in banks 283.134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 316,377 80
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance- ......: 491,994 42
Total assets $5,098,954 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1 ;
Losses in process of adjustment or 1
In suspense }. $533,316 07
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses J
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
' ning one year or less; reinsurance
50 per cent 1,550.173 13
Gross ' premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata 250.803 54
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com- .
pany 219,531
Total liabilities... $2,559,949 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ..' .$3,560,675 38
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages '.." 46,261 22
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 96,668 88
Received for. rents 20,368 77
Received from all other sources 31,347 14
Total Income $3,753,321 39
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for lire losses (In- •
eluding JOlfi.SSl 57. losses of pre- - .
vious years) $2,276,807 22
Dividends to stockholders.. 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 706,11144
Paid for salaries, fees and other
■ charges for officers, clerks, etc 235,128 46
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 61,869 13
All other payments .and expendi-
tures 165.550 19
Total expenditures ........'. $3,523.576 44
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,276,907 22
EMIL F. MIETHKE, Vlce-Presldent.
RUDOLF BERNDT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of March, IR9S.
- HENRY N. DEIDERICH.
United States Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
VITALJS
JSG&BSBI*. WtoT«raAnrED THE NEW
VITALIS lomaayr^B^SirSi^ Je|
HE ABOVE RESULTS. ( Day. '■*&&£&
It quickly and surely re-l _ , . V«r £«*
mores Nervousness, Impotency, I BOtuiJay.
Nißhtly » Emission*, Evil Dreams, ■' - -- - •
Wasting diseases and all effects Of self-abase ox
excess and Indiscretion. « Restores Lost Vitality. ,
Power and ' Falling Memory. ; Waids off Insanity [
•nd consumption. Cures when all others fail. Insist
on having VITA I. IS. no other. Can be carried in j
the vest pocket. By mall $1.00 per package or six
for $5.00 with a guarantee to <Juro,or Kefund
the Money.- Circular Free. Address '<■»
CALUMET : MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
Bold by Owl ■ Drug ; Co.. :S. ! F., and Oakland.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— i
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE O*
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on
that* day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tt*i
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur*
Dished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cae ■*■ ASSETS." ♦sot.oco oa
Ca^ ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $305,860 49
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,178.506 91
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company...... 822.415 M
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral ».«M 00
Cash in company's office ».SO3 04
Cash in bank 5............. ••• M. BOO 01
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ■ •-••••;• 84S v
Interest due and accrued on bond.
Premiums indue course of collection l|| 85
Ground rents. w*ll secured J1.520 N
Rents due and accrued _ i- 486 *»
Total assets $2,675,620 21
LIABILITIES.
T/ ,,,-, adiusted and unpaid.. 117.407 05
&£" In process of adjustment or
1. B u*nense ....'. " W,ol* M
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 11,720 U
Grosf premiums on fire risks run-
n ng one m year or less, $1,012,541 41;
reinsurance 60 per cent...... 801.270 TO
r>m<ia nrpmlums on fire risks run-
°nin| mor m th™n one year, $820,089 84;
reinsurance pro rata......... 4M.9U 57
Amount reclalmable by the insured
Si perpetual fire insurance policies. M7.5M 7»
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 18.J22 93
Total liabilities $U»3.HS 5$
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums •••••• ..$l,S81.«0 «5
Received for Interest on bonds and
i Received for interest and dividends *'** "
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 40.9*5 (9
Received for rents H. 593 81
Received from all other sources 10,071 M
Total Income $1,412,900 U
EXPENDITURES.
' Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $122,102 £6. losses of previous
years) . • $4W.702 TJ
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage • 267,558 77
Paid for salaries, ■ fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 108,300 00
i Paid for State, national and local
taxes -• 31.430 57
All other payments and expenditures 152.883 19
Total expenditures $1,296,875 23
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $694.741 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $138,399,924 $1,642,827 43
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 122.091,374 1.589,459 OS
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 159.015.967 1.831.631 21
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President.
RICHD. MARIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January, 1898.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
— -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE "
SVEA FIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
'JiZ'-'i-i'i ' ■"■■ - * ■
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THH
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner lof the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up la.
cash .....' fC33,333 31
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 757,421 IS
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,3*3, 73
Cash market value of all stocks and I
bonds owned by company 2,361,236
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 333,462 63
Cash In banks M,otl 7»
Interest due and accrued on . all
stocks and loans t 66,63126
Premiums in due course of collection . 40,»75 74
Rents due and accrued 2,666 67
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 203,941 48
Due from the company's agents 186,345 IT
Total assets $6,939,483 OS
LIABILITIES. ':": ;--'^
Losses in process of adjustment or -
in suspense .; $104,010 04
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance ■'
BO per cent; gross premiums on flr» ■ .
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata 489,973 82
Liability under life department 4,456.074 93
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 11,339 87
All other demands against the com-
pany 483.660 IS
Total liabilities : $5,544,993 71
INCOME. ii'u^i
Net cash actually received for fire •
premiums $1,303,419 61
Received for interest and dividends .
on bonds, stocks, loans and from -
all other sources 472,243 43
Received from all other sources 705.288 44
Total Income $2,481,160 53-
; ; 3-.-; EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for fire losses $493,721 81
Paid or allowed for commission or ■
brokerage • \i"YJ" 374,333 61
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks. etc-.... 154,172 96
raid for State, national and local
taxe5.;....... • 17.34182
All other payments and expenditures 1.276.435 S3
v Total expenditures $2,317,811 09
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risk*
written during the year $368,628,116 $1,820,240 93
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 192.528.439 774,141 81
Net amount in force De- ' ■ ■
cember 31. 1897... ....... 166.626.343 884.669 fT
~. ~~T ED. LEVISSON. Vlce-Presldent.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April, 1898.
GUDEN AKERMARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
BO 06 0 6 60 0 OOOfl
¥*' PALACE «>'%
%GRANDaexMks%
o BAH rnAtictnco. *»
J* Connected by a covered pa»w*n»ay. !T
.<* UOO Rooms-GOO With Bath Attaehod. 2
O AH Under One Management. O
O 'KOTBTHB. PRICKS: _-Q
A European Plan.Bl.OO per day and apwmrA A
, *» American Plan.sB.OO per day and upward**
i Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
i■ p '- JOSH 0. lIEKPATRICK, KuafW. q
0 o 00 000 0000 000 000
THE WEEKLY CALL;
$1.50 per Year.NATIVES RIOTING
IN MANY SECTIONS
OF PORTO RICO
At Ciales Thirty-Eight I^evolters
Are filled by SpaQish Sol
diers and Police.
Special Cable to The Cnll nnd the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PAX JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Aug. IS.— At Ciales some of the
natives arcs..' in revolt against the Local authorities, but Spanish sol
diers and poMce promptly put down the rising, killing thirty-eight,
'.■wounding many and taking two prisoners.
Disturbances <'n the part of the country people are becoming so
. frequent and so serious against property and lives that the Captain
, General has telegraphed to General Miles on the subject, explaining
that many natives calling themselves auxiliaries of the Americans are
committing depredations. The Captain General will In every case se
verely punish such rioters and he hopes General Miles will do his
utmost to preserve order.
PONCE. Porto Rico, via St. Thomas, T). W. 1.. Aug. 18.— A mob of
disorderly natives thronged the streets last night and assailed the
Stores of pro-Spanish residents with stones, doing considerable dam
age. Several shots were fired and there was great excitement, but
no one was injured. The disturbance was quelled by provost guards.
All is quiet along the front at all points. Reports of Spanish out
rages in the northern part of the island are unconfirmed.
There was a serious riot at Yauco last night. Some Porto Ricans
assembled about the jail and attempted to lynch some Spanish volun
teers confined there. Their attempt was foiled and some of the Porto
Ricans were arrested.
Near a body of Spanish troops is reported to have at
tacked a small village and hacked citizens with machetes. These re
ports are usually exaggerated, but generally have some foundation.
STAR POINTER AGAIN
BEATS TWO MINUTES
JOLIET. 111., Aug. IS.— Star Pointer
iinnde an effort at Ingall's Park to-day u>
lower the world"s und his own record. A
.'• fast track favored him. but a cool breeze
< r. the stretch was a handicap and made
the time, 1:59%, a truly marvelous per
; -f'ormance.
-■•. Prompted by a runner, McClary warmed
the. great horse, and after stepping an
.-.eighth 1n fifteen seconds, came back and
BCor%d. Fifteen seconds were registered
as : -the eighth pole was reached. The
.quarter was passed in S'' l^, seconds. The
pair -raced like a team and reached the
. half- in 1:00%. Still the great horse kept
his tremendous burst of speed. At the
three-quarters the watches clicked 1:2894,
arid' the great bay came under the wire in
the most remarkable time ever
made by any horse, conditions considered.
. Summaries:
"-. 2:16 pace— Kitty R won third, fourth and fifth
■ heat's:. Best time. 2:10%.
'. 2MO pace— Leroy won first, second and third
■heats". -.' Best time, 2:13' 4 . Carmencita. The
"Aiard;' "-Will Davis. Joe Arden. Tom Sherlock.
; Joe Nottingham, Baker H and George Castle
: . ..also. -started.
v' ' 2:2+ Trot— J I? D won first. second and third
■ .heats. Best time. 2:l3'*. Hlllwood, Fred La
; ■•der.;"- Stiver Wilkes and Jim Starr Jr. also
..Started:
- 2:il pace — Annie Lee won first, second and
: thtrd '.heats. Best time. 2:09<4 Xeeta W. Net
.'•tle:-,Je]Terson. Hartford Jr. Harry C, Rinalflo,
.: Je^ie: C. '.Pentland, Ding and Strathmeath also
. starred.'-
WHITMAN DEFEATS
; WRENN AT TENNIS
'■'.' NEWPORT. R. L, Aug. IS.— The first
: . set- in -the- Wrenn-Whitman tennis match
••■y.as ...won by Whitman quite easily, — 2.
■ '"In- -the' second set Whitman won the first
1 .'fniiT- .games, Wrenn winning the next,
and -Whitman the next, making the score
' Ef^l. i In • the next game Whitman won
• ; th«!6 points arid Wrenn brought the score
•'4-q deuce. 'Whitman's places were too
.much, .'for wrenn, and he lost the game,
. .6—l;. .Whitman won the next two sets
and the match was over.- . ,
• . . The second round of the tournament
' :>-as: >-as completed in the afternoon with the
I! Bond-Forbes match, which the former
;; : w6ri in straight heats.
■ -. Championship singles, first round — Ward beat
..'Cioug+i default. ■
•Second round — Bond beat Forbes. 6-1, 6-8, 6-1.
•'. Ward beat- Ha.<kett. 6-2. 6-3, 3-6. 6-0.
iha beat S. Ware. 6-1. 6-3, 6-1.
: -'"- riav'is- beat Codman, 6-8, 6-4, 6-2, 6-2.
' • '-In E. Ware beat Milieu, 6-3. 6-0, 6-1.
• '.X-^.beat Ewer. 9-7, 7-9, 3-6, 7-5. 6-1.
. •- Whitman beat Wrenn, 6-2. 6-1, 6-1.
.. • Budlong- beat Paret, 6-1, 3-6, 5-7, 6-3. 6-4.
."CONTESTS ON THE SANTA
MONICA TENNIS COURTS
:" SANTA MONICA, Aug. IS.— The fourth
•day : 'of the Southern California Ten
nis Tournament saw an Immense crowd
•in attendance to witness the struggle Cor
•the trophy cup, held for the past two
•/years: by L,. R. Freeman; but owing to
.th.c" broken-down condition of the chal
.. "ledger;* the match was postponed until 3
•■ o'clock to-morrow afternoon. O. S.
: Pieher, winner of the singles, is a young
'•'and promising player and will make the
champion hustle to defend his title.
'• The event of the day was Miss Sutton's
• victory over Miss Georgiana Jones in the
v ladies' singles finals. Miss Button will
• play" Miss Marion Jones for the cham-
: ■pio«sblp on Saturday. Following are to
■ day's 'scores:
■' ■Finals in all-comers' doubles— Bumlller and
Welcome beat Way and Rowan, 6-2. 6-1: Bell
and Braly beat Hendricks and Slnsabaugh,
en' ■ fi.s
"second round, ladies' singles— Miss Sutton
"beat Miss A. Jones, 6-1, 6-2; Miss G. Jones beat
'.Mrs. Seymour, 6-4. 9-7. . .
• If toil— Miss Button beat Miss G. Jones, 6-2,
■ "ft-* 1 ■ -'- - ■ ■■' -
•' First round consolation — Llllinsston
' brat South 6-1, 11-9: Hasklnß beat Fowler. 6-1,
•' 6-1; •' Slnsabaugh won by default; Osburn beat
CENTRAL PACIFIC
SHAREHOLDERS
VISIT McKINLEY
AsK to Be represented in Pro
ceedings Contemplating a
Settlement.
- ■ . WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Sir William T. Marriott and Walter Morsehead
•V of London, representing- English holders of. Central Pacific Railroad stock,
Vailed on the President to-day and later had a conference with the Attorney
General. The purpose of their visit to Washington was to learn what were
. the purpoßes of the Government with respect of foreclosure proceedings, or
action under the authority granted by Congress at its last session to effect
'a settlement with the Central Pacific and Union Pacific companies. They
also asKed permission to be represented In any proceedings contemplating a
. settlement with the Central Pacific.
■ • X No definite answer could be given them at this time as to what action
•. ' Fould be taken in the premises. The Government, however, it was said,
• .cou^d not undertake to settle any matters of difference between the company
'." and the shareholders, its principal concern being -to secure the liquidation of
• Jts own liens upon the road.
.. • . Messrs. Marriott and Morsehead returned to New York, where they will
confer with other shareholders.
Putt"n, 6-2. 6- n : Way beat Cosby, 6-3. 6-2; Ped
ley beat P. Rowan, 6-n, 7-6; B. Rowan beat i
Acker. 6-4, 6-2; Overton beat M. Manning, I
8-6, 6-1
First round, mixed douhlps— Freeman and
Sutton brat Btimillor and Oenrglna Jones, fi-3. j
6-4; It. Rowan an'i Mis:-, Seymour bpat R. Row- i
an and M. Jones, 4-G. 6-3. 8-1: Hell and Miss!
Sterling beat Hendrioks and Mrs. Hendrieks,
f,-3. 6-J; J'aßgett and Mrs. Seymour won by
default.
ROBBED BY THE CUBANS.
First Infantry Officers Say Nothing
Was Safe in Their Camp.
Special fable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISitS. by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aur 18.— The j
First Infantry was brought In last ;
night from camp at San Louis and is j
embarking to-day on the P. H. Miller.
The officers complain bitterly of the
conduct of the Cubans near their camD. j
Nothing was safe from theft. Horses ;
and provisions were stolen every night, i
Fell in the Manila Charge.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— Word has
reached the Presbyterian Hospital that
TROUBLE AT HAVANA.
Officials Refuse to Permit Ameri
cans to Land, Claiming the
War Is Hot Over.
KEY WEST. Au£. 18—Of
ficials In Havana fear that
trouble Is brewing and re
fuse to admit Americans,
saying the war is not over
until the terms are known
and accepted. The poor are
in great distress.
No passengers are allow
ed to land- Officials refuse
to permit a landing on the
ground of danger, saying
the people and soldiers are
greatly excited, though no
rioting has occurred.
Robert H. Sillman of the Astor Battery
was killed at Manila on August 13th.
Relief of the Drought Sufferers.
SALINAS, Aug. IS.— Owing to reports
from the southern portion of th«* county
during the past fortnight that extreme
destitution existed on account of the fail
ure of crops by reason of drought, a com
mittee was appointed to ascertain the
facts and the reports have been verified.
The local Red Cross Society wum asked
to help and at a meeting this afternoon
after much discussion the facts were or
dered sent to the State society and per
mission requested to donate money in the
bank here amounting to over $100 for use
of needy sufferers, as many are reported
to be In want of tho bare necessities of
life. Merchants of Salinas this afternoon
donated flour and other provisions liber
ally.
Professor John Duffy Dead.
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. IS.— Professor
John H. Duffy, one of the best known
prise-ring referees in the country, and
who figured In many championship con
tests, died this afternoon.
Well-Known Santa Rosa Lady Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. IS.— Mrs. W. N.
Gladden, wife of one of the most promi
nent pioneer citizens of Sonoma County,
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
died to-day near Healdsburg. She was a
native of Indiana, aged 68 years, and one
of the best known women in Northern
California. She leaves, besides her hus
band, a daughter, Mrs. W. J. Hunter of
San Francisco, and a s>on, Jerry Gladden
of Healdsburg. Last April the Gladdens
celebrated their golden wedding.
SANTA BARBARAN DIES
AT FORT MONROE*
Young Stanley Hollister of the
Rough Riders Succumbs to
Malarial Fever.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 18.— Stanley
Hollister, one of Roosevelt's Rough Rid
ers, died last evening of malarial fever at
Fort Monroe, where he had been con
fined for three weeks. Hollister was hit
by a shell while making the charge up
San Juan Hill and fell on the field uncon
scious. When he recovered consciousness
he attempted to crawl down the hill out
of danger, but a Spaniard shot him in the
hip from a tree. When the news first
came of the fever attack Dr. Winchester
of this city was sent to Fort Monroe
solely to attend him. He pronounced him
out of danger a few days ago and left for
Santa Barbara. Hollister had a relapse
yesterday ami died unexpectedly.
Hollistor had just graduated from Har
vard when he enlisted with Roosevelt. He
was considered the most popular student
in college in athletics and society. He
was a member of the Harvard crew for
three years and belonged to several social
clubs. Hollister was born in Santa Bar
bara twenty-two years ago.
PETALUMA WOMAN JOINS
HER MOTHER IN DEATH
Leaves a Note Saying She Had No
Itesire to Live Longer, and
Takes Morphine.
PETAIA'MA, Aug. 18.— This morning
Walter Curtiss, a milkman, called at the
residence of Mrs. Conners in this city and
knocked on the door. Receiving no re
sponse he entered the house, and in the
back bedroom found Mrs. Ellis, the aged
mother of Mrs. Conners, dead, lying on a
bed with a sheet thrown over her. On go
ing into the front bedroom he found Mrs.
Conners stretched out on the bed, dead
also. He notified officers, who, on inves
tigation, found a note signed by Mrs.
Conners, dated August 16, saying:
"Mother died a natural death Sunday
nlKht, so I had no desire to live longer
and took morphine. I request that an in
quest be dispensed with.
The mother had been ill for some time,
but neighbors knew nothing of her death.
The suicide had made all preparations be
fore taking the fatal dose, having dressed
the body of her mother and herself in
their best and putting everything in the
house in perfect order.
COAST COAL COMPANY
WILL INCREASE WAGES
Six Hundred Miners of Newcastle
and Franklin to be Raised
Ten Per Cent.
SEATTLE. Aug. IS.— An evidence of in
creasing- business and more prosperous in
dustrial condition* is found in the vol
untary action of the Pacific Coast Coal
Company. It has just ordered a general
advance in the wages of its employes in
the coal mines of Newcastle and Frank
lin. Nearly 600 men are employed, and,
taking effect September 1, an average in
crease of 10 per cent will be made in the
entire pay roll.
All the men who work at these mines
are under yearly contract. At Franklin
most of them expire In January next,
while at Newcastle they run until April.
1599. The company could thus hold the
men to the old rates, but as Manager C.
J. Smith states, "The advance is made
because there is an increased demand for
coal which baa kept the mines running
on full time, and it is the wish to allow
the workmen to share In the prosperity
of the company."
ENTEBPRISING EASTERN MEN.
Incorporation of a Steamship Com
pany for Polynesian Trade.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— The conquest
i in the Philippines has led to the incor
\ porat.nn |>f the Polynesian Steamship
' Comparcjr*at Trenton, V N. J. The incor
i porators are Daniel B. Hatch, Charles
! R. Flint, William M. Ivins and Robert
A. C. Smith of this city, Edwin L.
Cramp of Philadelphia, J. Lamb Doty
j of Washington and Camillus G. Kklder
• of orange, N. J. The capital stock is
; $1,500,000. The company expects to do
a large passenger and freight business
; between San Francisco, Honolulu, Ta
! hiti and the Philippines. It will be the
I first American line plying between
! these ports, and the building of the
! vessels will probably go to the Cramps.
I A provisional service will be started
j early next year with two chartered
j vessels of American registry.
FALLING CORNICE DISASTER.
Four Men Killed and Five Seriously
Injured in Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 18.— Four men
were killed and five others bndly injured
this afternoon by the collapse of a cor
nice on the new building In the course of
erection at 475 and 477 North Fifth street.
Th<- dead are: Albert Green, bricklayer;
Thomas Lyons, bricklayer; Christian
Schoelter, proprietor of a cigar store near
by, and Harry Evans, bricklayer, of Cam
den. N. J.
< treen and Lyons were at work on a
scaffold directly beneath the cornice, and
the others were on the sidewalk. The
cornice weighed nearly ten tons, and In
falling carried the scaffold and men to
the street. Green and Lyons were in
stantly killed, and some time passed be
fore they and the others could be taken
from under the debris. Schoelter and
Evans died in the hospital.
WISCONSIN REPUBLICANS.
State Ticket Chosen at the Milwau
kee Convention.
MILWAUKEE, Vvis.. Aug. 18.—Follow
ing is the Republican ticket as completed
at to-day's session of the State conven
tion: Governor, Edward Sconeld of Oeon
to; Lieutenant Governor, Jesse Stone of
Watertown; Secretary of State, W. H.
Forehlich of Jackson; Treasurer, J. O.
Davidson of Soldiers Grove; Attorney
General. K. R. Hicks of Oshkosh' Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, L. D.
Harvey of Milwaukee; Railroad Commis
sioner, Graham L. Rice of Superior; In
surance Commissioner, Emll Gilijonan of
Milwaukee.
VESUVIUS IN ERUPTION.
Four Streams of Lava Flowing Down
the Mountain Side.
NAPLES, Aug. 18.— Vesuvius Is again
In a state of active eruption. Four
streams of lava are flowing down the
mountain side at the rate of 400 yards an
hour. The chestnut trees on Mount
Somma have been burned. Constant t>x
plosions are heard in the central crater
which is emitting smoke and flames.
Furious Storms in England.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— There were se
vere thunderstorms this morning in va
rious parts of England, with torrential
rains and hail.
In the outlying districts many houses
were flooded and there was considerable
damage done to crops.
The district of Carmarthenshire, Wales,
was swept by a tornado this morning.
Great damage was don© and traffic was
paralyzed.
The town of Llanoly is flooded several
feet deep.
Guatemala's Revolution Quelled.
Special Cable to The CaJl and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don bennett.
GUATEMALA CITY, Guatemala,
Aug. 18. — The revolution is entirely
quelled. General Morales' forces are
completely surrounded by Government
troops. _
Ten Eyck Defeats Hosmer.
NATASKET BEACH, Mass., Aug. 18.—
James Ten Eyck easily defeated Ed Hos
mer In a three-mile single scull race for
a purse of |300 to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A "Of all tonic
J\^\ preparations,
/V^\ Mariani' is
[£%& the most po-
feSip tent for good."
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine)
tones up the stomach, gives
healthy, vigorous action to body
and brain. Enriches the blood,
steadies the nerves and energizes
the whole system.
From the Virginia {Medical Journal :
% "The ; Yin Mariani, used as a
general tonic, has gained for itself
universal esteem. It is more tonic
than iron or quinine, and does not
produce constipation. We have
used Yin Mariani in practice, and
have found it to equal the claims
made for it."
■•jSSp^&O" | VIH:-MAfiIA3Ji-*
osm - .% '< many years and
1 pB_W_L jg*Bl PfirHcnlarly ani
i : t.%^t v-^M Serviceable and
1 1^&^S| m f* „
! flll?^gz#^ SIR MORELL
jV^f_N^im*S ; 'MACKENZIE, M.D.
(MARIANI WINE)
is everywhere recommended by the
medical profession as the standard,
uniformly reliable tonic-stimulant.
Dose — A small wine glass full three times a day
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
i A CO., 52 West Fifteenth street, »w York
City, will be sent. free, book containing por-
traits with endorsements of Emperors, Em-
press, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
other interesting matter.
Paris — Boulevard Haussmann: London — S3
Mortimer street; Montreal— Hospital
street.
i. PIERCE'SBELT
■ j. .>/ > UJli i j WILL CURE WHEN
"«y««!Tft\»*v«rt££fc' < .' everything else fails.
4{ft^|iv.s__^'MvS^i£ Letters like the follow-
£«^-^.>i^<f~^y^j ing are arriving dally:
ffpfos^i£si-V'?'gi MONTROSE Colo..
<^S^-_^l^yt^H^ DR. 'PIERCE & SON—
I .-V^ii/i-'^i Gentlemen: For . the
• 5KTfi « benefit of others I desire
>*_*C to eh '*.at lam 52 years
i'-V- old; c been in the
mines for 25 years, where i > ntracted my dis-
ease. I have been doctoring for about 8 years
and have been to different hot firings without
much benefit. My disease is rheumatism and
neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles and spinal
disease. Was almost paralyzed, and my blood
was poisoned. I contracted these diseases by
working in lead ores and in foul air In the
mines. I received your Electric Belt and Spinal
Appliance about 5 months- ago,— from tha
great benefit I have already ' received I think I
will soon be A WELL MAN.. I was then suffer-
ing with pains day and nlKht. with swelling of
the Joints and poor circulation of the blood; but
I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. I am, yours respectfully,
CHRIS JOHNSON.
(CTBe sure you buy no belt till you see Dr.
Pierce' 3. Address or call on the •■• :;
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San
Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
■Pennsylvania, ort the Slat day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 18'J7, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State. of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Fections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash • $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $276,800 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 2,108,135 51
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds-owned by company... :., 646.113 12
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 158.750 00
Cash In company's office 60,713 67
Cash in banks 255,713 20
Interest due and accrued on all . '
stocks and loans 23,316 63
Interest due and accrued 'on bonds
and mortgages • ••• 51,105 66
Premiums In due course of collection 623. S3
Rents due and accrued 1,80150
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid and
for salvage .' . 3,296 94
Total assets $6,239.334 51
LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $57,479 91
Losses In process of adjustment or _ .
in suspense 122.425 'J4
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 47.668 42
Gross ■ premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,911,335 61;
reinsurance 50 per cent 955,667 80
Gross premiums on fire - risks ■ run-
ning more than one year, $1,961,-
973 43; reinsurance pro rata 1,034,874 15
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies.- 1,950,807 37
All other demands against the com-
pany .......•...••• •.•••••*••••«. 238,463 56
Total liabilities $4,437.387 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums .'• $2,6:,2,479 65
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages :...... 125,074 82
Received for interest and dividends :-.;--;- r
'on ■ bonds, stocks, * loans and from
all other sources 134,903 96
Received for rents ......'.. '.:....:. 11,163 00
Total income ...... ......1..... $2,923,627 43
'•'<<■■ 4 v?" EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $198,948 41, losses of previous
years) .* •-•• $1,351,057 41
Dividends to stockholders -200.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 680.93173
Paid for salaries, fees- and other
charges for. officer?, clerks, -etc.... 159,739 93
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .,........'. 75.532 5S
All other payments and expenditures 176.921 37
Total expenditures $2,544.183 02
: - ' Fire. -
Losses Incurred during the year $1.356,956 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
[ ______________
Net amount of risks ■ " -
written during the year! $256,154,339 ( $3,317,857 37
Net amount of risks ex- ■ '-.-.- -■;
pired during the year.! 266.134,135 1 3.228,073 38
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597. ..'..'... .'-I 883, 6.'.2, 382| 3,873,312 04.
~~ ~ E. C. IRVIN*. "President.
BEN T. HERKNESS, ; Secretary. .
Subscribed and ' sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1S»8. ' ■ • • • •
THOMAS B. PROSSER, Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
. : . MANAGER 8. F. DEP'T., ! '
219 9ANSO/VIE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. t
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly Furnished, .
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANS IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters its In-
vigorating Plunge. Hot or Cold Mineral baths.
Climate or Scenery. _ e«. u «ii
Physician in attendance. Deer and famall
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland, $S: via Calistoga. $9. Fall
season hotel rates, $10 and $12 per week.
For further Information address -
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co., Cal.
Or see. In San Francisco,
L. D. CRAIG, 310 Montgomery St.
MAGIC SANTA • •
'-^ D -\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing In
the world. The' wonderful Marine Gardens:
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel -floor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics: water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND .-_« ; splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern ap--'ntments; efficient
' management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st. Log . geles, Cal.
PACIFIC -"■■..
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County.
. Three hours from San ' Francisco, via ■ Los
Gatos; 6 months 'roundtrlp ' ticket. $4.'' or via"
Santa Clara, $3 50.' New swimming tank, -180x75
foet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths. .. •
Climate, scenery and location unequaled: t .
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.'
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. % :
Grandest' scenery. ' The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath home rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court,, etc. ■.■"•"
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. -Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table, unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week u $2*; and $2 SO per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
Q\f A f*PO nOT SFBINOS, Sonoma Co.
\_VuliSl_l ' nl >' 4^ hours from S. F. and
UllflvVV but 9 miles staging; waters
DOted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
In State: telephone; telegraph;, .daily mail:
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: • morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 60;
take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW, Proprietor. ■ - ■'-, '
T r_C PTTTT TPfIQ WARM spbinqs,
LUb UUILILU3 Kenwood. Sonoma Co.,
lOn the bank of Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool.. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms, $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent -or
cr.ttatre. For particulars address MRS. P. T.
M. WATTS. Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city.
_i 1 »
HATII7 -A FT. TV SPRINGS.
HOWARD pltah p-°p -°-
lIV TT LAKti COUNT V
Accommodations unsurpassed.
I Rates $s. $10 and .12. Special terms to fam-
I ilies. Postof flee and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street.
I Address MRS. R. J. BET2BY.
*• ■ ' ■
X I have used Ripang Tabules and they have done me lots of
good, at least my wife says they have," asserts William Donaldson,
a blacksmith. "After a hard day's work I would eat too much, I
guess," continued he, "and suffer like everything. My wife's brother
told me that Ripans Tabules had helped him and he thought they
would help me. I believe they have cured me, but I still take them
regular, for I would not have them pains again for anything. My
partner said, after I was so much better, that I was ready to get well
anyhow, and that I would have got well without them. I believe
there are lots of people that are ready to get well just like I was.
They will get well when they take the same medicine I did, and not
before. 1 have worked hard all my life, first on a farm and then in a
blacksmith shop, and have been troubled with dyspepsia ever since I
was 1 8 years old. Now I feel like I was sweet sixteen. I think
Jfcipajis Tabules are a great m«dicyaSsl'
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of. mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round trip, $3 75. Stage meeta
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FKE3E & JUER-
GENS.EN.
lljiiii^ : HOT SPRINGS, Contra Costa
r/3 m Co., Cal. Take 9a.m. or 4:30 p.
bSi oH m. S. P. train, all rail, 3 hours.
ESJ .A3V Hotel new throughout. Lighted
ESJnWjSjar by acetyline gas. Hot salt and
K&<sj4ztr r mud baths; new and commodious
swimming fink of warm water.
Rates low. Address A. BETTENS, Manager.
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS-
CAMP MEEKER "HS
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. Boat-
ing, bathing and tent grounds free: fine ■ fish-
ing; climate perfect. Board and lodging, $5 .V)
and $6; unfurnished rooms, $1 per week. Train
stops at camp. Via SaumlitO terry, round trip,
$3; good for ninety days.
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER,
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs. Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R., $9. Terms,
{8 to $10 per week.
W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
MAn»nNF 3U>iEKAI ' SPRINGS,
JTI/AUrCvJlll-i'Santa Clara County. A
first-class mountain health' resort. ■'. Elevation.
2200 feet. Cures asthma, indigestion and kid-
ney troubles. Terms, $9 aJid $10 per week.
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrone
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. .
JAMES CARTER, Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June I. ' Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. - Fresh f juit. Table
firFt-class. Frae bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO.. Soquel. Cal.
WEEEHALL
of- It Publishes the Cream of the
L) ■ News of the Week and,
c/ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ .... ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
Of ■' PAPER ON THE
Tl : PACIFIC COAST
3 V /
5 The Best X / Mining
°» Telegraphic Ny/ News That
c^ Service on /n. .' s Accurate
o< The Coast / \AuptodaU
o< 1 ...._. :: .. ■
o{ Not a Line of it Sensational
gj/ or Faky, and Not a Line at
~Y it Dry or Uninteresting.
lOf Bright, Clean, I A Champloia of
J Thoughtful. Truth.
2 * CALIFORNIA NF.WSPAPEB
71 ALL WE TIME.
l) IT ADVOCATES i SENT BY
HOME MAIL, $L 5»
O{ INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
A FASTIDIOUS MAN
Always r ies that his linen, and fancy
vests are well laundered, white and im-
maculate. We are catering just now to
! the summer man in laundering every-
! thing that is necessary to his hot
weather apparel. Negligee shirts,
duck, pique and crash suits, fancy
vests and white linen collars, shirts
and cuffs. Ladies shirt waists, dickies, .
etc., we launder just like new. r*v;
The United States Laundry, office •
1004 Market street Telephone l
South 420. °\'^~%
United States Branch. -.?:j
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE . »<
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY v|
OF ERFURT, GERMANY, ON THIS
31st day of December, A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $396.180 00
Cash in company's office 9101
Cash in banks 32,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,168 67
Premiums In due course of collection 109,003 87
Total assets $539,44153
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process or adjustment or "
in suspense *?"??? 5?
Losses resisted, tncludihg expenses.. 6.134 »0
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $304,693 43: _;,.,
! reinsurance 50 per cent 132,346 71 .
! Gross premiums on flre risks run- , . .. ;
ning more than one year, $95,282 04; _ .
reinsurance pro rata • 75,203 47
All other demands against the com- -^ v
pany • •• 18,71155 :
Total liabilities J253.958 18 >
\" V." INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for flre .-. _ "- :
premiums •■•••• $366.030 93 I
Received for interest and dividends . .
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 10,000 00 .
Total Income '. $376,030 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in- . .'■'
eluding $1,304 74, losses of previous
years) .....;....:... $107,460 73
Paid or allowed for commission or ■. i •
brokerage ;• V 105 - 42s 23
j Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local
taxes - 6,710 15
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 Zi
Total expenditures '. $W5,637.35i
. ">> ■ , ■ .:' . . ■:-■■ Fire. '■•■ '
Losses Incurred during the year $120.745 53,,'
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks •• - :' '
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount. of risks ex- ' < - .'. ,
pired during the year.. 19,590,070 .257,448 13
Net amount in force De- . . • "■ ■ ;
cember 31, 1897,.^...-: 30,364,68 ; 899,975 47 I
~ F. G. VOSS, United States Manager. '.
Subscribed end sworn to before me this ISth .
day of January, IS9S. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
W — ' ■  V, ■;
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department, -' i \
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. ■
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
! Frankfort Marine ant! Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In - ': ";
cash •••• $312,500 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $12,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 644,575 00
Cash market value of all stocks and '-
bonds owned by company.. 450,939 43
Cash in company's office .'. 12,900 94
Cash In banks 182.317 23
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1.003 30
Premiums in due course of collection 63,233 54
Due from other companies for rein- . . .
surance on losses already paid 255,832 03
Total assets $1,653.32149
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $151.346 50
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent 22,734 74
Gross premiums on marine tlmo
risks, reinsurance M per cent 17.013 83 ,
Liability under other departments... - 299.632 50
Pension fund .•••"•.v 11.453 48
All other demands against the com- . . ■•;»-
pany • •••"• 424.443 83,.,
Total liabilities ;... $926,629 91 V
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma- . ■->:- /■
rine premiums $417,015 83
Received for premiums in other ' --.'•.•■•.
branches • ••■•. . 712.821 S3 •
Received for interest and dividends "".;
on bonds, stocks. loans and from • • '•
all other sources... 81.828 81 -
Received from all other sources 142.042 is
Total Income $1,303,508 53
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $331 54'"
Dividends to stockholders 62,500 00
Paid or allow.-d for commission or -..»-■<" • •-;
brokerage 151,828 i 7
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 48,549 84
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ...... ... ..■ 5.539 44
All other payments and expenditures 546,933 OS
Paid for losses in branches other -,
than marine 156.995 98
Total expenditures 1... 51,303,508 54
F. GERSON. President.
P. DUMCKE. Secretary. - '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th-
day of April. 1S?8. FRANK H. MASON,
United States Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department, v ■-
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Baja California.
DAM ANA BITTERS
Is a' powerful •■ aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and . urinary . organs of both -
. sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and • bladder. A ' great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own.
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
123 Market street. •& ; F-t- tf3end tor Circular.)
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver declined.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Rye lower. Corn and Oats inactive.
No change in Hay.
White Beans declined.
'Tomatoes continue weak.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Turkeys lower and more plentiful.
Butter and Egps easy.
Peaches and Pears firm. Plums dull.
Watermelons llrm. Other melons weajc.
Grapes in better supply.
Prunes slow in opening.
Provisions quoted the eamfc
Hides weak and quiet.
No change in Meats.
Increase In export trade.
EXPORTS OF LEADINO STAPLES.
Exports of leading, staples from the United
States for July compare as follows:
1597. • ; ' 18M.
KS'.. 1 :"'*. :::::::::::: l:«;j!J &»:«»
. Total $37,564,160 137.155.721 j
For the first seven months of the year the
results are as follows: igg , lg9s
Breadstuff* H^'%l JIHM
"■::::;:::::^:lsi ill
Tot al $325,374.86* 436,369,263
For the seven months the total increase in
exports amounted to nearly 1111.000,000. as
compared with the corresponding months of
ISS7 In exports of breadstuff the increase
this year was 64 per cent, In cotton shipments
19.3 per. cent, of provisions an Increase of 13.5
per cent, and a falling off of 12.6 per cent in
exports of mineral oils.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port by sea
during the first seven months of the year were
$19 443,500, against J15.342.700 during the same
period in IS;<7. and Included $1,607,300 to Atlan
tic ports. $*,K8.700 to Great Britain, $:.:.■;
to China $2.567.300 to Japan. J-.^.-W M cen
tral America. J3.153.9C0 to the Hawaiian Is
lands. $S«S.SOu to Africa. 1564.J00 to Australia.
and $626,00* to British Columbia.
WEATHER REPORT.
n?cnh Meridian— Pa« ■ ftxa*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. A.OI
The following in r ' "' ■•"
ported to-day trom Wt ■ "
In California:
Eureka, 60: Fresno, 1W: I*-* Arvr?'-**. £*: K**i
Bluff, 90; Par. Lv - ObispQt **: S*s DfoTO, •«.
Sacramento. -• InJVp*c.i:T.ow» «N« N VY v-~t*«v -~t*« ''- :
San Francisco data: Mutmam :*=i7*n*:\ir*.
63; minimum, 51; mean. J--
WEATHER CONDITIONS AX? JOBKAIi
FORECASTS:
An area of low rre?suT* !s i.-**x:r*: crtr Scutii
eastern California ard S^c:li*r:i Artio^i- Tha
pressure is hlgbe ~ vi! t&a ccast &Z Northcra
California. The pr**sur» U b<iv>w ti* norniil
at all stations.
The temperature has chiT^r^-i ** ' Utt;« dur
ing- the past 24 hours. ar.i is a^o*-: aoraal la
California.
The weather is cijuir la tft* w-stera por
tions of Washing! aad Oncoa, and light
eprinkles or rain hive rai:*= duri::^ the day
In that section. Th# Kmalnrny portions of
the Pacific SJape report clear ■• t*X3t*t ,
Forecasts made at Sin Fri=c:*ca for tJjU'ty
hours, ending- midnight. August 13. 15Sj.- v
Northern California— Fair JV-^TO-Drisk west
wind. . '" '•
. Southern Ca!lfomia-^"A;r Friday. except
cloudy along the co»yc la the mornlns; fresh
northwest wind. 4
. Nevada— Fair THday.
• Utah— Part, 1 ? cloudy Friday.
Arizona— i'artly cloudy Friday.
. San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
brisk west wind.
Special from. Mount Tamal pal?— Clear; wind
v-:-i. 10 miles; temperature, 77; maximum tem
perature, 77. G. H. WILLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Auc. is.— The reaction In prices
Of stocks which haF been looked for for Eeveral
days came In the late trading to-day. The pro- I
fesslonal traders have been eagerly antlcipat- •
ing this action of the market and have several I
times sought to bring it about by attacking
stocks with the short sales. They were hav
ing fair succesP yesterday when the announce
ment of the increase of the Barlington t'vl
dend put them to rout. Tbe subsequent up
ward surge of the market served to make it
all the more vulnerable to bear attack, and
they opened their guns this morning with an
onslaught on Brooklyn Rapid Transit. People' 3
Gas and Tobacco. Although this assault came
with very heavy realizing offers in the grangers
and Pacifies and some favorites, the outside
demand foe stocks was so enormous as to take
the market away from the professionals and
lift prices upward. But there came a time later
in the day when the outside demand was for
the first time satisfied, and when the recent
purchasers of stocks were still anxious to take
the handsome profits accrued upon them. The
.bears kept nibbling at the list and made an
aggressive attack In the last hour which car
ried prices, down sufficiently to wipe nut weak
margins and bring out stop lofs orders. The
group of low-priced railroad Mock? and in
dustrial specialties into which the tide of
speculation shifted this morning had not suffi
cient strength to hold the market in face of
liquidation, although they hMd stubbornly
through the most of It. Some of them finally
succumbed with the rest of the list, which fell
generally below last night's level. The bull
Clique apparently offered no resistance to the
derllne, but support was forthcoming before
It had proceeded to any great length. The
activity of the market greatly decreased and
the volume of business was materially smaller
than yesterday.
There was a good market for railroad bonds
to-day and a slightly yielding tendency to
prices in the late dealings. Total sales, $3,550,
000.
Bid prices for Government bonds were un
changed except for the 3s, when Issued, which
advanced V*.
The total pales of stocks to-day were 1^4,100
shares. Including: Atnhiyon, 5100; Atchison pre
ferred. 25.250; Chesapeake and Ohio, 10 715; Bur
lington, 37.f>2'"); Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati
and St Louis, 3320; Illinois Central. 7580; Louis
ville and Nashville, 7750; Manhattan, 3
Metropolitan. 3450; Reading preferred, 10.070:
Missouri Pacific. 4490; Northern Pacific, 27,770;
Nrthern Pacific preferred, 14.020; St. Paul,
66,470: Texas and Pacific, 15.000; Union Pacific
preferred, 18,250; Wabash preferred, S200; Cot
ton oil, 10,730; Spirits, 4661; lobacco, 19,350;
Chicago Great Western ,25,700; People's Gas,
52.170; Illinois Pteel, f.2. r .O; Hupar. 58.130; Tennes-
Fee Coal and Iron. 10,600; Leather preferred,
17,250; Robber, 10.S70; Western Union. 11.791;
St. Louis and San Francisco preferred, 5930.
V': : ■ . CLOSING STOCKS.
,Atchlson 13-S St P & 0m....... 85
- "Do pref'd i-< 7 s Do pref 135
Brooklyn It T.... 67 M, St P M & M.... 164
Baltimore- & 0... 16* So Pacific 22
Canadian Pac ... MS So Railway 9%
Canada S 6»U Do pref 34
•'Cent Pac 174 Texas & Pac 14%
Ches & Ohio 21% Union I'ac 27%
Chi & Alton 151 Do pref 63%
Chi B & Q HSU D P D & G 4-4
'.Chi & E 111 59 Wabash SH
CCC &8t L.... 45Vi Do pref 2Ui
Ji v -[<. do pref..... BSV4 Wheel- & LE 1%
; - Bel ■fr Hudson- .. 188$ Do -pref: 12Vi
v- De-1 L.-& W 160 Express Companies—
-» De) & Rio-G., ,13 Adams Ex 106
',T. ' ' i. Do pref'd ...... 53 American Ex 133
' Erie mew) .... 14 United States ... 42
Do first -pfd .... 37 Wells, Fargo .... 117
Ft Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor jiM 133 A Cot Oil 33
• Hocking Val .... 5V4 . Do pref KM
Illinois Cent IUU Am Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W... 17 no pref 37
Do do- pref.... 7"'- Am Tobacco 137%
. Lake Shore 193 Do pref 132
• Louis & Nash .. 671S Peoples Gas 101
2 Manhattan .V.... 99% Con Gas 1914,
. '■■''. Met St ny 157 Com Cable C 0.... 170
• Mich Cent lUSV4 Col F & Iron .... 24
Minn & St L..... 28% 1 Do pref 95
Do Ist prof ... SO Oen Electric .... 90H
Mo Pacific 37 8 ! Illinois Steel C 7%
Mobile & Ohio. 23. La Clede Gas ... 52'^
.... Mo X & T 12 Lead 37
■" Do prefd 38 ■ Do pref 112
' Chi In & L Hi Nat Lin Oil 7
Do do pref M^i'Ore Imp Co
N J Central S3 Pacific Mail 34
. N V Central .... 118% Pullman Pal .... 188
i. *■ X T Chi & St L.. 14% Silver certlflctei. 58%
Do Ist pref 6S 8 Hope and T
Do 2d pref ....' 3-'j'-4 Sucar 13K%
Nor West l*'s Do pref 114 V*
No Amer Co 61"> T C & Iron 31V4
No Pacific 35% V S Leather 7%
Do pref .... 75V4 Do pret 7214
'. Ontario & W 18%{U S Rubber 46
Ore R and Nay.. , 58% 1 Do pref 106
Ore Short Line .. 34 'West Union 94.V
PlttFburg 189 C & N W 133^
. ReadinK ••• 19 Do pref 175
' Do Ist prefd .. 44 St L & S W.... t,%
Rock Island 104% Do pret 13
. *St Louis & S F. S>4 P. G W 27
Do Ist pref..... 67 Do pref M
. - Do 2d pref 33% C G W 16%
Bt Paul 109V4 H Com Co 25%
Do pref ........ 167 ' BrTCo
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4'l.reg. 127% N J C 5b.. 114
• Do coud 12SH! North Carolina 6s 125
• US *'« • .-"2% Do 4s 1021,4
Do coup 112 No Pac Ists 112%
• Do 2d'8..... 9" ! Do '35.... &'%
V S sb re 113 Do 4s 100%
Do El coup ... 1)3 NTC &S L 4s. 107
District- 3 -655 ...... llfi^ Nor A W 65...... 124
"Ala-class' A:...~. 10<S Northwßtrn C... 141 V&
rv, 8.... 100 Do deb 5s 118
Do c 90 ' O Nay 4sts 127
Do Currency .. »0 O Nay 4s 100
- Atchixon 45...... 95H OS Line 6b, t r. . 127 •
Do adj '49.. 72% O Line ss.t. t r... 108
Can So 2ds 109 1 Pacific 6s of '95. 10214
Chfro T 4s 89 In G W 1et5...... 90%
■■ C & Ohio 6« 116 ' Rieaain* 4s .... 84%
C, H & D 4%5.... 110%' St L 4 I M C Ss. 100%
D & R G lsts... 98 St L&S F G 6s. 119%
D & R G 45.... 105% St P Con 11
East Term lsts... 75 St PC & P lets. UN
Erie Gen 4s ...... 79 Do 5s 117
FW & D lsts t r 108 So RY 5s 97%
Gen Elec 6s .... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 68
GH&S A6s 105 Term new set 3s. 93%
Do 2nds lH^Tex P L G. lsts. 107
H & T C 55....... 10S% Do reg 2ds 44-*
Do con 6s 106 Union P 4s (9
L new consols 4s. 103 U PD & G lsts. 76%
L& N Unl 48.... 103 Wab Ist 5s 112%
Missouri 6s 100 I Do 2nds 89%
M X & T2nds.... 65V4|W Shore 4s 108%
Do 48 91 a 4a 4 Va Centuries .... 75
X T Centralists. 115 V Do pref 8%
MIXING STOCKS.
Bulwer Ontario 3 63
Chollar IS Ophlr 20
Crown Point 12 Plymouth 12
C C & Va 4.'. Quicksilver 1 -a
Dead wood 30 Do pref tM
Gould & Curry ... 10 Sierra Xcv 66
Hale & Norcroaa.. 70 Standard 1 •"•'
Homestake 45 00 Union Con 20
Iron Silver 80 Yellow Jacket .... 13
Mexican 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loans 2iT3 Westineh Elec .... 31
Time loans 2'^,:i Do prefd &?..
Stocks— Atchlson prefd . 2;>%
A T & Sta Fe 14 Boston L 6.
Amer Sugar 135% E E IU S3
Do prefd 114% Atchison prefd . 2-'%
& Sta Fe 14 Boston L 67
Sugar 13S\ E E 111 S 3
prefd 114\i|Q X iteM W
Bay fcHate Gas ... 1% Mining shares—
Bell Tel ISO Alloues Mm Co — <*4
Boston & Albany.. 2:'.;. Atlantic 23
Boston & Maine 165 Boat & Mont 223
Chi Bur A- Q ÜB\4|Butt« «-i Bost 24%
Fltchburg 104% Calumet & liecla..s9d
Gen Electric 40?* Centennial 13%
111 Steel 67*4 Franklin 14%
Mexican Cent 5V* Osceola 56
N V * N Ens .... 68 Qulncy 118
;MJ Colony 193 Tamarack 165
Or Short Line .... S3 Wolverines -5H
Union Pac 17% Old Dona 27
West End S7»*|
NEW TORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— Money on call steady,
lHlfl 8 * per cent; last loan. 1%» per cent; prime
(End paper, 87>*l per cent; sterling; ex>
NEW TORK MONEY MARKET,
v TORK, kag. M -Monty on oall stendy,
i per ,-ont; last loun. I%* per cent: prime
Btll« paper, l\L& per oent; sterling ex
rhanse easier, with actual business in bankers'
bills it $4 ISU for demand and *4 S»%@i S4 for
60 days; postal rates. UMM M 85 and $4 S6'iJ>
i SS^i: commercial bills, M S3; silver certificates, I
BS\©»Ho: bar silver. 59*4 c; Mexican dollars.
<$c; Government bonds, Irregular; State bonds,
dull; .....\ ad bond firm.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— The Evening Post's
Loivion financial cablegram says: The stock
rv.arkets here were lifeless to-day, the exchange
holiday en Saturday next helping to check
business. Americans merely fallowed New
York's lead, there bains no initiative here to
iixy. and the close was dull.
Certain foreicn brokers here largely con
?<rne4 with arbitrage dealings in foreign stocks
have Nf<n cutting commission rates tremen
iousty on purchases and sales of stocks. These
ieairrs. who act principally for reign houses,
have contracted a very large business and are
W w sajd to be turning their attention to Amer
icans. This Is proving the signal for a general
outcry from Stock Exchange members against
The Psrl» Bourse remained dull in spite of the
Improvement in Spanish 4s.
The Berlin market was steady.
Canadian Pacific, SIH; Grand Trunk. »«•*
silver. 274; money on call. Vi per tit&tr^
LONDON. Aug. Spaniel;. 'Is- closed at
MADRID, Aus, *:.— Spanish fours closed to
day at &3.Ji"<- •
• 'NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
!O.SSI barrels; exports, 10,139. The market was
Inner. with a good demand for old pat
barrels; exports. 10.139. The market was
with a good demand for old spring pat
ents.
WHEAT— Receipts. 87.575 bushels; exports.
«6 7*o. Spot, strong; No. 2 red. 78% C f. o. b. ■
ifloat to arrive, 79T»c (. a b. afloat spot. Op- j
ions open?.; steady on cables declined With >
•cm and rallied again. The afternoon market |
vas governed by a bad scare among shorts ,
md an Increased demand for spot wheat was
ictive and strong and closed %@IC net higher. I
<o 2 red September, 694®Jlc. closing ro%c. ,
COFFEE — Options closed steady and un
hanged to 5 points higher. Sales. 11.500 bags,
ncluding August, $5 U>m 56: September, ■ »*•
ipot coffee— Kio, quiet; No. 7 invoice. t,y t c, No.
iobblne 6»ic; mild, steady.
SUGAR-Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
rifUKal. 66 test, 4Uc; refined, steady. ,
-T\L a - Without material changes In either .
llrectlon the metal market in the main may :
 said to have developed a little tendency on
he part of buyers to hesitate, more particularly
is to tin and lead. According to the New
fork Metal Exchange the closing to-day was
19 PIGI°RON-Warrant 9 firm, *vlth »6 87% bid
md 17 asked. ...
1 ikf COPPER — at $12.
TIN-Very dull, with $16 15 bid and $16 25
IS LEAD-Qulet^ with $4 03 bid and $4 10 asked,
The firm that fixes the settling price for miners
ud smelters quotes lead at $3 .W. and $4 CO
gPELTER— Steady, with $4 oO bid and $4 CO
BUTTER-Rece!ptß. 2591 packages. Steady;
vV>«tern creamery, 14V 2 «gl9c; Elgins, 19c; fac-
t °EGG 1 S— Receipts. 4000 packages. Steady; West
ern. 14%<?.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— California Dried
Evaporated apples - common, 8®8c:
prime wire tray. 9c; choice. 9%cj fancy, 9%@
We
APMCOTS^Ro'yaI. U©ttc; Moorpark. 13^16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Wet weather In the
northwestern spring wheat territory, together
with higher cables from Liverpool, were re
sponsible to some extent for the firmness
which characterised the commencement of the
trading In wheat. An Increase In the arrivals
up north and a prediction by the weather
bureau of fair weather to-night and Friday In
the spring wheat country changed the tem
perament of the speculative crowd. When
weakness set in it was more prominently ap
parent In December, the disposition among
traders being to stay out of September in
view of the small stocks here and elsewhere.
The hope of higher prices Indulged in by the
bulls in the market have of late been largely
based on the expectation that the bears would
oversell themselves for September. The bean
also appeared to have some apprehension on
that score and transferred their ventures to
December, thus giving a nervous character to
the trading in September and reducing De
cember to an altogether unusual discount un
der such conditions as exist at present. The
close was IHc higher for September and hi®
%c higher for December.
Corn opened weak and became very heavy
during the forenoon on liquidations b' - iongi
and heavy commission house dealings on stop
loss orders. Reports from the country, how
ever, about the probable yield of the crop
were far from corroborative of the Govern
ment figures on condition. September left off
unchanged to %c higher.
Oats followed corn, weak early but recov
ered later. The close was unchanged from yes
terday.
Provisions ruled dull most of the time, but
had a few redeeming intervals of moderate ac
tivity. The feature of the day's business was
liquidation by packers of products previously
bought and the ready absorption of offerings
with reduction In prices. Pork advanced sc,
lard declined 6c and ribs remained unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 69Mi 70 69% 69%
September 6."* i 66% 64% 66^4
r>»cember 63 C3V4 62% 63%
May 64% 65% 64% 65%
Corn No. 2—2 —
August 31H 31Vi 30% 31«, i
September 31»i 31% 30% 31%
December 31% 31 »£ 30% 31'^.
May 33% 33V4 32% 33%
Oats No. 2—
September 20% 20% 19% 20%
May 22% 22% 22% 22' i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 8»0 8 97^ 885 8 97%
October 8 95 8 95 8 SO 8 95
December 8 90 9 00 8 90 9 00
Lard, per 100 rbs—
September 5 12% 515 6 02% 510
October 5 12% 6 17% 5 07% 515
December 520 6 22% 515 620
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs*—
September 5 75 5 75 5 70 6 75
October 5 75 5 75 5 70 5 75
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Bteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 65@71%c; No. 2 red
71c; No. 2 corn, 31c; No. 2 oats, 20% c; No. 2
white, ■24%'326%c; No. 3 white, 23%<&'25c; No.
2 rye, 42-V(J'43c; No. 2 barley, 36@45c; No. 1
flax seed, SSc; prime timothy seed, $2 50; mess
pork, per barrel, $S 95@9; lard, per 100 pounds,
$" (i'h'-'( i 'h'-' 12%; short ribs Bides (loose). $.'. 05©
5 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed) 4%©4 7ic
short clear sides (boxed), $5 50*3 5 65.
Articled — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.800 9.1 M
Whe^t, bushels 4,800 4.80 C
Corn, bushels .297,300. 240 60C
Oats, bushels 313,800 E25.300
Rye, bushels 7,800 15 40C
Barley, bushels 13,700 11.20 C
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttei
market was steady; creameries, 13%@lSc; dair
ies, 12@16c. Eggs, steady; freah, 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels Bushesl
Minneapolis 256.260 21.2 I . 73'
Duluth 7,284 11,42
Milwaukee 15,600
Chicago 94,850 4.83
Toledo 67.714 64.00
St Louis  .....35,000 . 11,00
Detroit 31.520 31,50
Kansas City 110,500 65,50
Totals 648,828 204,98
Tidewater —
Boßton •' "•»••• • '•-•
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGTTST 19, 1898.
New York 87.875 266,790
Philadelphia :. 14,623 2.909
Baltimore 59,659
New Orleans 108,682
Galveston 43,843 .......
Totals 206,000 378,331
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9% & 3%
Closing 5 9% 6 4
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 60 70 44 40
Closing 50 90 44 50
Flour —
Opening 2175 20 85!
Closing 2175 20 90
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Aug. IS.— WHEAT— mar
ket continues lifeless, with very little changing
hands. Some lots of valley have changed
hands within the past two days at 60c, and
the nominal export quotation for Walla Walla
is about 57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 18.— WHEAT— Sales
are only to millers. Export quotations are
barely nominal at 670 for club. 61c for blua
stem. Millers yesterday paid 60c for club.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. IS.— CATTLE— RuIed strong
to 10c higher. Choice steers, $5 40@5 80; me
dium, $4 &OSf5 10; beef steers, $4 35@4 85; stock
ers and feeders, $3 50if5; bulls, $2 75@4 25; cows
and h?lfers, $3 50@4 25; calves. $4@7; . Western
ranger*, $3(i< 4 7." ; fed Western steers, $4 4Q@
6 40; Texans, $2 60©'o 15.
HOGS— Were down De. Fair to choice. $3 SO®.
3 95; packer* $3 55a 3 77%; butchers, $3 60@3 90;
mixed, $3 60®3 92%; light, $3 65@3 90; pigs, $2 80
©3 86.
SHEEP— lower. Inferior to choice
sheep, $3 40574 60; Western rangers, $3 30@4 40;
lambs, $4 251)6 60.
Receipts-Cattle. 8500; Hogs. 24,000; Sheep,
15.000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. CATTLE— Receipts, 3500.
Market active, steady. Native beef steers, $4 40
<<?5 40; Western, $4@4 70; cows and heifers. $3 40
<&i 20; (•miners, $1 75@3 25; stockers and feeders
$3 60@4 85; calves, $406; bulls and stags, $2 75
04 10.
Receipts, 7100. Market 6@loo lower.
Heavy, $3 60@J70; mixed. $3 65(33^7%; light,
$3 50JT3 65; bulk of sales, $3 63if3 67%.
SHEEP— 4200. Market strong. Fair
to choice natives, $3 So®4 20; fair to choice
Westerns, $.* 70S 4 65; common and stock sheep,
$3 1504; lambs, $4.."i.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Auff. 18.-CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 5000. Market Ftea.ly to strong. Native
steers, $3 60®S SO; Texas steers, $3 15.@4 15; na
\v« an.', heifers. $2 25 ©6 10; stockers and
feeders. $35; 5 15; bulls, $2 25&4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7i>oo. Market weak, closing
10c lower. Bulk of sales, $3 65(3-3 80; heavies,
- « • .. SO; mixed, $3 55<3>
Ights J3 4093 65; yorkers. $3 Co(£3 65; pigs.
I . 3 50.
SHEEP- Receirts. 4000. Market steady.
Lambs, $4 BO0<; muttons, $3 50@5.
DENVER.
DENVER. Aug. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200.
< Market steady: beef steers. $3 50@4 30; cows,
$2 60@3 50; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 80Q>
4 20; Mockers do, $3 BO©4 20; bulls and stags,
$2 50® 3 50. ■--• -■- v,-
HOGS— Recrlptff, 200. Market 6c lower and
,Sm*S I.gnt packers, $3 7001 75; -mixed, $3 65®
3 70; hi ivy, $3 60182 75.
SHEEP Receipts, 600. Market firm; good fat
; muttons, Join 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company realized the follow
ing prices at auction for California fruits:
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— Grapes— Malaga, ?oc@
$1 20 average $1 04. Pears— Bartlett. $2 50@3.
average $2 80: half boxes Hartlett, $124. Prunes
Hungarian, $1 15@1 30, average $1 24. Weather
warm. Ten cars sold.
CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— Pears— Bartlett. aver
age $2 16; half boxes Bartlett. $1 03. Grapes—
Malage, 7" vil 10, average 90c. Prunes—Hun
garian. $1 35. Seven cars sold.
BOSTON, Aug. 18.— Pears— Bartlett, $2 30??3.
average $2 77; half boxes Bartlett. $1 20@l 45.
average $1 29. Peaches— Late Crawford, 7i>®S. r >c.
average m*': Susquehanna. 75@90c, average 80c;
Mulr 60g"5c. average 72c. Prunes— Hungarian.
70fis5c. average S3c; Comedy. 65@70c, average
66c. Grapes— Malaga, Soc!gsl 25. average. $109.
NEW YORK. An«. 18.— The following Cali
fornia fruit gold to-<lay:
Pears— Bartletts, $2 10 to $3 box; Souvenir de
Congress. $2 60. ?;• /
p runes _Gros, 76c to $155, single crate; Ger
man. $1 27; Fallenberg, 85c to II; other varie
ties. G£,c to $1 '■■'■ ■
Plums— Quackenbos, 90c to $1 55, single crate;
P D« 85c to $1 85; Golden Drops. $1; Colum
bia, 90c to $1; Egg, 75c to $1; other varieties,
"peaches— Crawfords, $1 09 to $1 20 box;
Early Crawfords. 95c to $1 11: Fosters. $1 10.
Nectarines— single crate.
CHICAGO Aug. IS.— California fruit auction:
CHICAGO aur. IS.— California fruit auction:
Pears— Bartlett*, $1 80 to 12 45 box. and $1 10
half box; Heurre Hardys, $1 80 to $190 box.
Plums— Japans. $1 85 single crate;
other varieties. EEC t- 90c. -..._,.
Prunes -Hungarian, 860 to $1 20 single crate;
Oros. 86c to fl 15: Silver. 85c.
Peaches— Susquehannas, BSc .to $1 box: Late
Crawfords, C.'jc to $1; other varieties, 60c to 90c.
Grapes— Malagas, 660 to 850 single crate.
Eight cars sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. 18.— Consols. HC*; Silver.
27Hd: Wheat carpoes oft coast, nothing doing;
cargoes on passage, depressed.
LIVERPOOL, Auk. IS.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
In Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, steady;
French country markets, firm.
C( »TTON- I'plands, 3%d.
WHEAT— Future* closed quiet; September,
Ks I'-V! , r ■■■< ember, 5s 4d.
CORN— American mixed, spot quiet, 3s 2<4d;
Aucust, 3s 2d; September, Ss 2Vid; October,
3s 2Tsd.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or, Aug. 18.— Exchanges, $233,
&CS; balances, $52,527.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84 T 4
Sterling Kxchange, 60 days — 4 56%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17ty
New York Exchange, sight —
Fine Silver, per ounce — 19%
Mexican Dollars 46 46^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The shippers ore not buying nny
thing in this market and trade Is therefore at
a standstill. Speculation is equally dead.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $118%®121>4; milling.
«1 309140 per ctl for old and $1 25@1 30 for
new.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session—December>-34,
000 ctls. $1 20%.
Second Session — No dales.
Regular Morning Session — December— l4.ooo
ctls. $1 21M.; 4000, »l 21.
Afternoon Session — December — 20,000 ctls,
$1 21%; 24.000, $1 21.
BARLEY— market is lifeless at the same
old figures.
Feed, $1 16@1 17%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo ctls,
$1 H-V
Afternoon Session— December — ctls, $1 14%.
OATS— is nothing; going on. Fancy
Feed, $1 2.v G l 27% per ctl; good to choice, $1 22%
'nl z,; common; *1 17yijl 20; Surprise. $1 30®
1 35; Gray, $1 17%@1 22%; milling, $1 22%@1 25
per ctl.
CORN— Dealers quote the old prices, with a
dull market. Small round yellow, $1 25@1 27%;
Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 07%@l 10;
white. $1 10I&-1 20; mixed. $1 05@l 07% per ctl.
RYE— weak and dull at $1 17%@1 20 per ctl.
Rye is being fed to stock In the San Joaquln
in preference to Barley.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $4 40<3>4 50; bakers'
extras, $4 15©4 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra .cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groats
$4 60; Hominy. $3 25@3 CO; Buckwheat Flour. VI
04 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled . Oats (bar
ley). *5 86©656; in sacks, $5 6506 05; Pearl
Bariey. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs. . ■
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. ' ;. v ;
The Hay market remains without change one
way or the other. > v"
BRAN— COS'I6 per ton.
FPFn¥l^Fl^Rol o leS er ß°a n riey. $25@26 per
ton oilcake Me.il at the mill, $31i&31 50; Job
bine $32@32 50: Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cotton
eeSf'Meai; $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23023 50;
Cr c a AL"VSRNir 4 HAY-Wheat. . .|17©17 50 for
and $H«l6 for lower grades; no choice
comlnc in: Wheat Oat. 114 60. Oat.
*11 Barley : Island Barley, . $12@13;
Alf al fa. '$12®13 SO ; Stock. $11612 60 ; . ; Clover.
"OUTSIDE HAY— From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat $13^14 60: Oat. $12@13 50; Cheat. $11©
13; Timothy. $11 50® 13 60; Alfalfa,' $U©ll 00
per ton. • '. •"■'/'• ,
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEED 9.
The Bean market Is dull and Small White
are lower. No other changes.
BEANS— Havos, $2 65*?2 70; Small Whites,
12®2 08: I.nrse White*. $1 RR<?l 95; Pinks. $2 25
<2>2 3.V Red!-. $2 60-g2 75; Blackeye. $3 15«3 25;
Butters nominal; Llmas, $3@3 15; Pea. $2@2 15;
Red Kidneys. $2 50@2 75 per etl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25@4 75 per etl;
Yellow Mustard. f4S4 25; Flax, nominal, $2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2yi@2 l fce per lb; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 5»4c; Rape. 2%(g2%c; Hemp. 2%®3c; Tlm-
DRIED S pEAS-Niles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 23
per ctl. - —r--. •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes continue to decline. Bay Tomatoes
from . Temescal" sold at $1 per box. Otherwise
there Is nothing new.
POTATOES— 4S@6Oc in sacks for Early Rose
and 50@85c In sacks and 7r.rsj-$l '" P.. 0 *!?
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 85c@$l 15,
Swe^t Potatoes, Hi«Ti2%c per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Oc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75<{?90c per ctl. . _, ,
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans. 2<53c per lb; Lima Beans, 2H@3c. Bay
Squash. 25!?J30c; Green Peppers. 3.«r50c for
Chile and 60c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl; Carrots. 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
2S@3oc; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 40®50c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes. 40c(351; Green
Corn, 40®75c per sack for VacavlUe. *}@1^
per crate for Alameda, 60<g75c for . Berkeley.
Garlic, 2®2%0 per lb; Green Okra. 50(86ac, igg
Plant, 35#60c per Vegetables — Potatoes.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES - Potatoes
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs;, sliced
desslcated, 16@lSc: granulated, raw, 13c.
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c: Cab
bage, 80c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips, 2»c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are in larger supply and lower. No
other changes.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and MS'iec for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1®
1 25; Goslings. $1 25<fl 50; Ducks. $2 o0<&3 for old
ar.d $2 50@4 for young; Hens. $8 50@5; Roosters,
young, Se6; Roosters, old. $4^ 50; Fryers.
$4 50; Broilers $3 50@4 for large. $2 50®3 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50®l 75 per dozen for young
and $ligl 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EQGS.
Butter and Eggs are both easy, though there
Is no decline. Trade is quiet, stocks are suffi
cient for all needs and the market is feature
lees.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 24c; sec
onds. 21®22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
grades, 16@19c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 14@150 per id;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9V4@Wc; old. 8©
Be: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
10<S>llc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 21®25c per dosen; store
Eggs. 14'g,17 l Eastern, 14@170 for ordinary
and 18®20c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Stocks of green Bartlett Pears have suddenly
run down, but as they are generally small and
Inferior the market chows little improvement.
Plums continue dull. Peaches rule firm at the
advance. , '■"',
Grapes are steadily growing more plentiful,
and are rather weak in consequence.
Watermelons are in moderate supply and
firm. Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are In heavy
receipt and weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@5 per chest for large and
—— for small.
Figs, 50@75c "for white and 75c(g$l 25 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes 75c@$l 50 per crate; Nutmegs. 2a
«76C per box; Watermelons. $204*30 per 100 for
large and $o<gla for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 6@7c per Ib. ,
Re.l Nectarines. 40®G5c; White Nectarines,
35(Sr,0c per box and $10 per ton.
White Grapes, 25<i?60c per box; Black Grapes,
35f?6Sc- Muscats. 50<3~5c. crates sell about 10c
higher" than boxes; Isabellas, 40c per basket
and 7ic<3fl per box.
berries. $2@3 per cheet.
Plums, 25@50e per crate and 25@60c per box;
in bulk,'ss@lO per ton.
Peaches, 60® 75c per box for good to choice
and 20<&"40c for poor stock.
Crabapples, 26i3 40c per box.
Raspberries. $5©7 per box.
Apples, 3J<u6oc for common, and 75c<3$l per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears, 75cg$l per box and $25@35 per
ton for No. 1 and 25050 c per box and $J@2o per
ton for small and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $I®l 25 for St.
Michaels, $1 for Mediterranean Sweets, and
25@75c for Seedlings; Lemons, $2 50<g3 50 for
common and $4'<iT> JO for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, |?tjlO; Bananas, $1 25®2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $364 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The situation shows no change whatever.
Prunes are slow in opening and the California
dealers and holders are afraid that If prices
advance much It will cause an Influx of French
Prunes Into New York. But mall reports from
that city say that no such apprehension Is felt
among the New York dealers.
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, S%O4c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots, s<§sVic for
40-50" s, 4V*6sc for 50-60's. 3V<34c for 60-70*8, 3U<i?
SVic for 70-80" S. 2%®3c for 80-90" 2®2'v for
90-100' s; new Peaches, 7<??Sc; old Peaches. 6H«9
6^>c; peeled, nominal; new Apricots, 9i|loc for
Royals and loUHHc for Moorparks; old Apri
cots, 6(g7c for Royals and B©loc for good to
fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, iVf'atc;
■un dried, 3®4c; Black Figs, sacks, 2s}2Vic;
Plums, <3<%c lor pitted and 'ltflttc for un
pltted; bleached Plums. 6c; Nectarines. 304H0
for prime to fancy; Pears, 3<gsc for quarters
■ 4«T4Hc halves, according to color, etc.;
bleaohed Plums. sc; Nectarines. 3iJ74v»c
n# to fancy; Pears. 3igoc for quarters
•4c for halves, according to col.tr, etc. ;
new Pears, 6®"c for quarters and Eo9c for
halves.
RAISINS— 2Q2>4c for two-crown, 2'^iJt2%c for
three-crown. 3@3Hc for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 24'5'3c for Seedless Mus
catels and Jl®l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grape*, 2c. - ■:. ' :•
NUTS— Walnuts, new. 6c for hardshell. 7c for
eoftshell; Almonds, 3<S"4c for hardshell. 6®7c for
Boftshelt. BH®9c for paper-shell: Peanuts, 4*9
f-'ie for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans, 6^©So; Filberts, 9i,4@10c: Brazil Nuts,
8-&9 C per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 60(35 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9®loc for brlßht and 6^7e
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 6H@
Cc; light amber extracted. 4%@5V5C per id.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
There Is a moderate trade at unchanged
P CURED MEATS — Bacon. B}4c per lt> for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10% c for light, 110
for extra light and 12H@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10Vi@Uc; Califor
nia Hams. 9V4«JIOc: Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef. $11@U 50; Family Beef,
»12i*12 50; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear
I18I&1S SO; mess. $15 50@16;. Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
P *LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and 7%c for pure; palls, 8c
California tierces. 5c per Ib for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, "Vie; 10-lb tins, »c.
tins. sic. - Threes. C%<ff6^c; packages
COTTOLENK — Tierces. C s »,'a€Hc; p\rKax*a
less than 300 lt>s-l-tt> palls. 60 In a face. 9Mic;
3-!T> palls. 20 in a case, R%c: ft-n> pans, n in a
case. SHe; 10-tT> palls. 8 In a cnse. B%c 50-rn
tin? 1 or 2 In a cnse. 7%c; wooden buckets. Z'j
lbs net KH<*- fancy tubs. SO tt>s net, ,%c: half
barrels, about 110 lbs. Tile per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. _
Hides are quoted easy and quieter nt un-
Changed . prices. Wool and Hops are un-
CI h"dES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light 8 He; Cow
hl.ies 9c; Ptnps. 6>*c: salted Kip. SHc. t.alf.
<>c- dry ■ Hides, pound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c- dfv Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17@18c;
(Irnt^klns 27 I : i"0< > - medium, 30c; winter, < 10c,
Pheermklns, ehearllngs. 15@25c each; short
wool 3(<540c each; medium. 60@S0c; long wool.
M~ra't\ 10 each- Horsehldes, salt, $2 25 Tor
lnrffe an' Jl©l "5 for small; Colts. 50o; Horse
hides, dry: $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for
B TaLLOW-No C : 1 rendered. 3«c per lb; No. 2.
9Vi»- refined, '4V4®4 s ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOl^Fall clip. Southern Mountain. 7@loc:
free Northern, 9<?rl2c. Spring clip-Southern
Mountain. 12 months". 9011 c; San /oaquin and
*»outh«rn' 7 months'. 8@10c; Foothill and
Nnrthrrn' free, 12<fi14c: Foothill and Northern,
Jiefprtlve' 10-fTi2c; Middle County, 13@16c: Hum-.
holdt and Mendoclno, M«l«c: Nevada, 10 4c;
Eastern Oregon. 10® 12c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9@12%c per lb. •
GENEHAL MERCHANDISE. ,
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. 4%i^4\c; Wool
Bags 26@23c: San Quentin Bags. $4 85: Fruit
Bags Be 5V4c and s?ic for the three grades of
■white arid "i?T s c for brown. ton; New V,' e U
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8- Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seat
tle J6:' Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 60 in
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel $10 pcr n to : Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60: Coke, $12 per ton •in bulk and $14 In
" a SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered 6Hc: Candy
Granulated. 6c; Dry Granulated. 6%c; Confec
tioners'. A. 6%c; Magnolia A. 5V4c; Extra C,
6%c: Golden C. 6«c; California A, 5%c per Ib;
half' barrels, Me more than barrels, and boxes
%c more. . ■■'■.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices are quoted for all descrip
tions.
Wholesale , rates for .. dressed stock from
BlhUghterers are as follows: .■;*:•'<£:
, BEEF — First quality. 6t4c: second quality,
EH*' r '<": third quality. 44 Ilie.1 l ie.
. VF.A L— Large, 4@sc; small, 6®7c per lb.
— Wethers, 6@6Hc; Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7@7V;C per lb.
PORK— Hogs, B%c for . large. 4c for me
dium and 3>4@3V4c for small; stock Hogs, 2@
3c; dressed Hogs. SV t <sW*c- ,
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. For Thursday. August 18. .
Flour qr sks ... 1.258 Straw, tons 10
Wheat ctls 66.432 Lumber, ft 30,000
Barley, ctls ..... 4,530 Wine, gals 31,600
Corn, ctls 825 Wool, bales .. 131
Cheese, ctls .;.... 198 Pelts, bdls 82
Butter." ctls ...4.. 285 Hides,. No 431
Beans, sks 20 Sugar, bbls 80
Potatoes,, sks .... 982 Sugar, sks 461
Onions, sks ....:. 274 1 Leather, rls ...... 121
Bran, i>ks ......... 30 Lime, hhls 240
Middlings, sks... 300 E«rgs, d0z... ...... 13.740
Hay, tons 719 Quicksilver, flsks 75
" OREGON. ;
Oats, ctls ......... 375iHay, ton* 70
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ........... ' 501..T.....
■ UTAH. ;'-
Hay. tons ........ 101 ...... .. v ....^...Ui....^
THE STOCK MARKET.
The usual business was transacted in general
securities. Hans. Plantation was weaker, sell
ing down to $15. /g'UV£ ..,
Mining stocks were unchanged and dun.
The White Horse Valley Mill and Lumber
Company of San Francisco has levied an as-
Bessment of 8 cents per share, delinquent Oc
t0 The 'Anchorla-Leland Mining Company of
Colorado paid a dividend of 1 cent per share
on the 15th. ■ , T . .
The Empire State Mining Company of Idaho
paid a dividend of 10 cents per share. amount
ing to $7500, on the 15th. m-t-J
The Gold Coin Mining Company of Victor,
Colo., has declared • a dividend of 1 cent per
share, 'amounting to $10,000, payable on the .sth.
The Portland Gold Mining Company of Colo
rado paid a dividend of ; 2 cents - per share,
amounting to $60,000. on the 15th. , : This was
an hicreaie of * per cent per share, or JIo.OOO.
over the previous dividend, and is due to the
heavy output of the mine for July. . : M i n ine
At the annual meeting of the Alta M ' mn
Company yesterday nearly 100,000 B ha« s "< the
108,000 were represented, and the following * ere
elected directors: John Landers. President A.
T. Henderson, vice-president; R. H. Goodwin.
George 8. Wilson and Joseph Mcßo>le. J. •£•
Jacobus was re-elected secretary and E. D.
Boyle superintendent. The annual report of
Superintendent Boyle states that there Is i at
the Alta mill 150 tons of ore which assays,
according to car samples, $9 82 in gold and 4 20
ounces of silver per ton. In a day or two the
mill will be started crushing this ore.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: We continue to extract ore
from the upraise from the south drift from
the bottom of the winze and from the streak on
the 80-foot level. During the past week we
have hoisted 9* ton of ore, and the car sam
ples of the same average, gold $130 53, silver
The' July 1 report of the Alaska-Tread well [mine
shows 19,987 tons of ore worked for that month
and 403 tons of sulphurets . treated, the latter
yielding »25,373 and the whole averaging $3 80
per ton. The bullion product for the month
was 172,088. <■:■;. ;;■.;■
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Aug. 18.— 2 p. m. j
Bid Ask. Bid.Ask.
US Bonds- Mutual El Co. 8* 11
is quar coup..UlH"2 Oakland Gas.. 51 oIH
4a quar reg...llimi2H Pac Gas Imp.. £8 89
Is quar new... 127*4 Pac LCo ..... 48 50 ■
3s new 104*106^, S F G & E... 88% 89
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3*
Cal-st Cab ss. 113^115 Stock Gas .... 13 —
Cal El «s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99%— FlrenVs Fund. 2oo 205
Dup-st ex c... — 9S>* Bank Stocks—
EL A P .129 131* An lo - c , al^-;",5?w,^
FACI Ry 65..115H — Bank of Ca1. .243^247
Getry-st R 6s. 93 100 Cal S D & T.. - 97
II C A S 4^8.100 105 First Nat 200 : —
L A LCo 65.. - 100 Lon P & A... .128* -
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-st 65..1?6H- Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do Ist M 55. 115%, — Savings Banks—
Nat Vtn 6s sts - 97* Ger S & L 1550 1650
NCNG Ry 75.105 108 Hum S A L.1050 1160
SRy Cal 65.. 110 112 I Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 103*103* S F Say U.. 430 600
NPC R R 68.103 105 |S & L 50.... - 100
NPC R R 6s. 4 102 Security SB. 300 -
N Cal R R ss. — - Union TCo 1000 -
Oak Gas 55.... 101 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is B«::iMmil California ....106 10«%
Om Ry 6« ....127^123 Geary -v 40 -
P & 6 Os 107 — Market-st .... 53*4 54>4
P&CI Ry 65.104%106 Presidio 8 —
Pr>well-»t 65.. .118 — Powder-
Reno WL&L...100 - California ..130 149
Pac El Ky 68.100 - E Dynamite^.. 85 —
6FA N P 68.105H109 Giant Con Co. 48* 48H
PlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Vlgorit ........ 3*4 2%
8 P of Ar 65..106H - Miscellaneous
§ P Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Assn.. 97 9.^4
SPC Is eg Es 102 — Ger Ld Wk5..120 —
B P Br Cs ....116 117 Hana PCo .. 14% —
p V Wat fa" 119 120 H C& 8 Co.. 26% 26%
S V Wat *...102V4- Hutch S P Co. 55 -
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
' Water Stocks- Nat Yin C 0... — 1
Contra Costa.. - 54 c . S Co. Bo« 57
Mnrin Co SO — Pacific AFA. — Z"ri
Bpring Valley. 99% 99% Pro Bot C 0.... 100 104
Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning Session.
65 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
250 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
CO Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 26 3.%
; " r. do do "• 26 i>o
$15,000 Market »t Ry Con bonds os 115 50
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 88 ,5
60 do do s3O S3 S2V»
BO do do 830 S3 is
Street— „,„ _
B0 Bank of California 246 00
Afternoon Fession.
$5000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 100 00
25 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
80 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
&0 Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co 28 aO
25 do do 26 75
'5 do do blO 26 io
do do ■/ »««4
140 Hutchlnson B P Co 55 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal fives bonds 103 2_>
60 8 F Gaa and Electric Co 8S 7o
$:.000 Mjirk»-t-»t Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 50
10 Spring Valley Water 39 50
INVESTMENT BOARDS
Morning Session. .
110 Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co 1 26 37H
$3000 Market St Ry 5s 116 00
$2000 do do 110 B>H
Afternoon Street Sales.
100 Hawaiian Cm & Sugar Co 26 62V4
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 55 00
$4000 S V Water 6s lla 25
$3000 do do 4« 102 7o
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
W0 Belcher IS 700 Ophlr 23
3W3 Best A Belcher. 17 400 Potosl 17
400 Cholle-r 19 600 Savage 12
500 Con Cal A Va.. 41i400 Union Con 22
300 Crown Point ... 12 2.0 Sierra Nevada . 60
400 Gould A Curry. 16 <00 Union Con 22
500 Mexican 15 500 Yellow Jacket . 18
Afternoon Session.
600 Con Cal & Va.. 40 300 Tellow Jacket .. IS
100 Justice 07|
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Meriting Session.
300 Andes 05 100 Gould & Curry. 17
200 Belcher 12 200 Nev Queen 16
100 Beet & Belcher. 17 300 Ophir 23
200 Con Cal & Va.. 41 r.OO Savasre 12
200 401200 Sierra Nevada . 60
100 Caledonia 20 i 300 Union Con 23
1500 Con N T 02 1 400 Yellow Jacket .. IS
Afternoon Session
200 Andes 05 200 Gould & Curry. 16
u)0 04 300 Mexican lb
600Beicher 11 400 Ophir 22
SOO Caledonia IS 700 Potosl ........ 16
100 Chollar 1* 2uo Sierra Nevada . 59
200 Con Cal & Va.. 41 300 Union Con ... 22
idO 40 200 Yellow Jacket.. 18
WO Con' New York . Oi
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Aug. IS— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 02 04 Julia „.... - 02
Al ta 09 11 Justice 06 0.
Andes'" 04 05 Kentuck 06 06
Benton Con ... — 12 Mexican 15 1.
Best & Belch . 15 17 Occidental 50 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 22 23
Caledonia 18 20 Overman 04 06
Chollar 18 19 Potosi 16 17
Challenge Con 13 14 Savage 11 12
Confidence .... 40 -Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 38 3* Se* Belcher ... — 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada 57 o!>
Crown Point .. 11 12 Sliver Hill .... — lo
Con NY 01 02 Syndicate. — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 1401 5S
Exchequer .... — 04 Union Con .... 22 23
Gould & Curr- 16 IS Utah 06 07
Hale & Nrcrs.. 75 SO Yellow Jacket. 1. IS
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George F. Roberts to Alice E. Roberts, lot
on N'W corner of Fillmore and Pine streets,
W K7.6 by N 37:6; $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda yon Rheln to J. A.
Christen lot on E line of Valencia street. 355
N of ' Twenty-sixth. N 30:6 by E 117:6; $3000.
Anthony Quill to Mary Cirmmlngs. lot on E
line of De Haro street, 200 S of Nevada, S 40
Joseph "G. and Katie Mora 11 to John Miller,
lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 325 S of Deeth
(California south) street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Anna L. Edgar, lot on W line of
Fourth avenue. 275 N of Clement street, N 25
■\V H." Seaton, F. C. Slebe and S. A. Grimm
(by R G. Hooker, commissioner) to Frederick
C Slebe. lot on NW corner of D street and
Thlrtv-elKhth avfnue, 'W 240 by N 225; also lot
on S line of B street. 129:1 E of Twenty- fourth
avenue. E 110:11. S 175. \V U1:1H. N 1.5; $4000.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to James J. Brady, lot 24. block 4. sub
division 1. Castro-street Addition; $10.
Marlanna C. B. and H. L. Richards to Hen
rietta J. Krelin*. lot on SW corner of San
Jose road and Repent street, S 50 by W 100,
subdivisions 10 and 20. Pforr's Addition to West
E John°w eS a e nd 'Anriie E. Koon to Alexander
Maekle lots 1 to 4, block 45, City Land Asso
ciation; also lots 25, 27 and 28. block 11 and lot
3«, block «. Tract A, People's Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Alameda County.
Edward N. Moor (by commissioner) to Bank
of San Leandro. entire block J. bounded by
Elmhurst avenue. Second street. Jones avenue
and Third street. Map of Andrew Jones sub
division Brooklyn Township, except lots 1 to
5 of said block J. Brooklyn Township; $4425.
Clarissa F. Hamilton to Sven W. Wallstedt.
lot on SW line of Hamilton place, 465.35 N\V of
Oakland avenue. SW W. NW 30 NE 75 BE
3T. 68 to beginning, being lot 21, Hamilton
Tract. Oakland; $10.
David McMullln to Louis Schafter, lot on N
line of Eighth street, 7T. W of Jackson, W 23
by N 80, being a portion of block 84, Oakland;
$2000.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to W. Frank
Schmidt, lot on NW line of Ashby avenue and
Newbury street, W 40 by N 100, being lot 8,
block A. Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $.5,
O L. Shafter Estate Company to C. S. Ral
ston, lot on 8 line of Charming Way. 215 E of
Bowdltch itreet. E 45 by a 135, being lot 12,
block 8. College Homestead Association. Berke
le Herman Bremer to George V -Hicks lot on
N line of Santa Clara avenue, 103:4 \\ of J : ros
pect street. W 33:4 by N 140. Alameda: ♦•}•''''•
Lonis and Caroline C. Schaffer to I>avid Mc-
Mullln, 80 acres, being the E H of SE J, se0 ";'"
13. township 3 S, range 2 E, Murray Township.
*2000. , - ,
Edward P. Flint to J. F. Dingwe 11. Jot 3.
block G, Flint Tract, map 4, Oakland; $«0.
Linda M. A. Knowles to James TownsenO,
lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue, llr.b ;n
from E corner of Twenty-first avi-nue ana
Twenty-first street, E ion. S 25, W 100, N 2o
to beginning. East Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koenlg to Janet I^ham. lot on Sline
of Forty-fourth street. 240 E of West, E 2r> n>
S 100, being the W half of lot 8, block WW.
Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland Annex; »w-
Builders' Contracts.
The Ladies' Protective and Relief Society of
San Franoisco (owners) with J. F. Logan (con
tractor), architect Clinton Day. brick, concrete
and carpenter work, tin and galvanized iron
work, inside finish, plastering, painting. Iron
work, etc., except plumbing, sewering and gas
fitting in addition to present building and new
work in present building (new building three-
Ftory and uttic brick building) on E side of
Franklin street, between Geary and Post, be
ing W half of block bounded by Franklin,
Geary, Post and Van Ness avenue; $14,468.
Same with R. Rice (contractor), architect
same, plumbing, sewering and gas fitting for
same on same; $15!>5.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Farls Jr. Sacto IW Smith. Portland
T Ladd & w. Placervl'M Rosenberg, Phoenix
D S Coombs &w. Tex ! J F Ellison, Red Bluff
Mlsb N Coombs, Tex jR H Hewitt, Los Ang
Miss L Coombs. Texas', J S Beard. Yreka
Mlbs A Browne. Texas |R J Nixon Jr. Yreka
J S Craig, Woodland :O W Scott. Madison
Mrs Myers. Bloomfield'Miss W<^stlake. S Jose
F Mac Daniel. Newark |Mlss \V Westlake. SJe
A H Wright. Stockton jH Grau & w. Sacto
T D Carveal. Llvermr Miss 15 Grau. Facto
W F Purrell. Sacto 'L E Walte. Mich
F M Smith, Vacavllle J S Craig & W, Hgh S
A Potter, York Dr Henderson & w.
J Smith. San Jose Greenwood
E M L<.ng. Stockton W Percy &w. Grnwd
W H Clarke, Los AngH Holmes &\v.Boston
W R Giiy, San Diego C Blenitt &w. Livinsl
T Clark & w. Pomona F H Ratz Livingston
Mrs Kamerer. Cleveld C Fltzpatrick. Colo Sp
Miss Gilbert. Clevelnd C S Wooley, Colo Spg>J
Mrs Terr> - . Bta Rosa W Wooley. Colo Spgs
A Rosendale. Pac Grv L Grant. Salinas
M O'Connell, Grass V Mrs Waldron.Sta Cruz
B P Preston. lone W Hamilton. S Jose
E Caddis Woodland W Garllck, Pac Grve
Miss Baker. Rod BlufT C E Mitchell. L-is Ang
H Adams. Mill Valley E B Jordan. Hanfrd
E Cnusenß, Mill Vally M C Marsh, Los Ang
N Butler.w <fc c. Prlnc P W Morse. \\ atsonvl
H Yates. Eureka W C Good. Pta Rosa
W H Bryan. Suisun L P Crane, Lo* Ang
G AWaVider. H^aldbg H C Bigby. S Maria
C Bark & w, Yolo H Barber & w. Stookn
W L Dldeout. Lakept'Mrs Haines, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Warner, Cal |J Franklin. L Ang
F SDrague. Ft Baker :G Mordecai, Madera
R Whltmore, Cal A Mendellal. Livermre
R McLeman, Truckee Miss Sullivan, S Jose
R Choynskl, Lime Pt Miss Voltz, S Jose
C A Fitzgerald. Cal R G Wilson. Cal
C Hunter&w, S Rafael R G Reise, Cal
A G Ames, Gait 'i Roberts, M .desto
J Ames, Gait Ed Wolf. Sacto
A Pallles. Oakland Ed Learm. Dawson
H C Connesse, Seattle C Roberts, L Ang
E H Gale. Oroville N Kinkaid, Denver
H James. Stockton M de Pasquell, N V
S Roades & w, tfai-to Mrs d» PasQUell, N V
Miss Robinson, Sacto 'Mrs E James. N V
Mrs Brown, Sacto !M Cochrane, S Rafael
1' P Clough, Salinas !
PALACE HOTEL.
A King NY L S Roth, Ohio
E B Gould. Chicago S A Qoldsmlt, N T
B Reynolds, Wash T Flint Jr, S Juan
R Hayden, Wash Mrs Flint, Han Juan
H C Perkins. Cal B Smith. Cal
Mrs H C Porkina, Cal F H Rue*. Vacaville
Mien Perkins. N V Mrs H Buck, Vacaville
II ( " Nelson, Eng C H Smith, Jamestn
W O Nelson, Eng Pr Southworth. S J
W Hardison, S Paula T McCarthy, L Ang
L Andrews, Ventura | J Yoakum, L Ang
A G Gassen, S Diego i G W Carter. Geneva
M R Encel NY 'RE Steele, Pescadero
M™ M R Engel, X TIP Barker. N D ak
\V Hefferman, Ariz ! W Lcpme, Riverside
Mrs Hefferman. Ariz W Barnes, Ventura
Li P Crane, Los Ang I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Cassab. San Jose I A Crane, B Jose
F L Store, Stooktn I L Ditz!-r. Biggs
J W Brlttain, .Takson IQ L William.-. Fresno
J II O'Brien, Vancvr ' C Williams, Fresno
C Maxwell, ValUy 8 Mrs Willams, Fresno
J McElroy, SactO Mi- O Huag. Fresno
j Koonan. Stockton C Barton. Dlxon
r> Stuart, Chicago J H Smiley. Los Ang
c Owens. Petaiuma F Brown. Stockton
M Langley Folsom G H Barker. Sonora
J Grlset, Benicia L Gris»t. Benicia
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc j
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is |
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariner?, without ..regard to nationality and
fr XQ?I f gatora nS are cordially invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
light*. dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce. f ■
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry j
building, at the foot of Market street. is hoisted i
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at j
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- i
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. ■ - ; t
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped !
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the i following day.
CHAS. P. W £.L<Crl,
. . Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancTsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE -The high nnd low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twentv-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 19.
! Sun rises • °:" j
! Sun sets V-Vo'n m I
i Moon sets • • 'A 0P- m - t
IL, W
On
0:
1:!
2:1
3:-
5::
6:1
5.1
4.<>
4.7
4.4
3.9
3.6
3.6
6:
6t!
8:!
8:
9:!
10:'
0.6
1.0
1.3
1.8
2.3
2.S
3.1
U:l
1:1
1:'
! :
1:1
8:1
6:(
5.0
6.0
5.2
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.5
6:42
7:26
8:14
9:14
10 JO
j 11:31
1.6
1.3
0.9
0.7
0.5
0.2
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left ;
hand column and the successive tides of the
flay In the order of occurrence as to time. The
s-cond time column gives the spcond tide of
the. day the third time column the third tide
' and the last or right hand column gives the
i last tide of the day, except when there are but
i three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
' given are additions to the soundings on the
I United States Coast Survey charts, except
i when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
■ the depth given by the charts. The plane of
i reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALI*
' Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, August
18, 1898,
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building ""'a* l dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
t> m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
i Glenfarg ....(China and Japan... Aug. 19
I Scotia. : Humboldt Aug. IS
! Homer Newport Aug. 19
Chtlkat IHumboldt AuK -}2
•Utania Nanatmo Aug.
Empire.......... Coos Bay jAug.ltt
C01umbia....... Portland | AUK 20
\ Queen.... I Victoria & Puget Sound i Auk. 20
■■ Bristol Departure Bay | Aug. 20
! Santa R05a..... Pan Diego lAug.2l
Grace Dollar... St. Michael ;... Aug. 21
Orizaba Humboldt i Aug. 22
Mackinaw Tacoma ! AuK „„
South Coast Seattle • » U **2
Coos Bay.. (Newport Aug. -i
| Belgic. China and Japan Aug.£3
! Arcata Coos Hay Auk .23
i North Fork Humboldt ...-....' Au ***I
; M..ana .......:. Sydney Aug. II
Hueneme Portland .' Aug. 24
i Mlneola ...... Tacoma- auk .-*
' State California Portland Aug. o-
! Pomona San Diego ! Aur.2._>
Walla Walla. ..^Victoria & Puget Sound Aug.
5igna1........... Gray's Harbor Aug. «j
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug ,?
City of Peking. Manila Auk. 2R
I Charles Nelaon.|Honolulu Au;;. -'
STEAMERS TO SAIL. _
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Pomona .... San Diego..... j Aug. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Umatllla ... Vie &P t Sd. Aug. 19. 10 am Pier 9
Homer ..... Newport.. [Aug. 21. 9amiPierll
Chilkat ..... HumboMt.... Aug. 21. 9am Per 13
I Columbia ..Portland...... Aug. 23. 10 am Per 12
Santa Rosa San Diego.... Auk- 23. 11 ampler U
Glenfarg .. China* Japan Aug. 23. Ipm PMSS
i Queen ...... Vie & Put Sd. Aug. 24. 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba .... Humboldt .... Aug. 24, 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... i Newport.....;. Aug. 2n. 9am I ler 11
Arcata ..... Coos 8a>...... Aug. 2.". 10 am Pier 13
j Hueneme ..I Portland 26 iy*™;*
i Pt.-ite of Call Portland ...... 'Aug. 10 am Pier 12
SHIPPING IXTELLICEKCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. Augrust IS.
Bttnr O!p«y, Olelow. 34 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 33 hours from
Crescent City. - w
Stmr Laguna. Peterson, 16 hours from W
Usal. ■ "
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Br ship Earl of Dalhousie, Thomson, 76 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nielson, 20 hours fro
Fort Bragg. - •--.- ■■■■■'
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Rock, 25 days from
Schr Ottillle Fjord, Seegethorst, 38 days from
Kahului.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, 28 days from Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 12 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Newark, Bee, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 12 hours from
BlhU-rs Point.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 18.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralcich, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Honolulu; John
son-Locke Mer Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, A ictoria an! Port '
Townsend; GoodaTl, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas via San
Pedro: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell, Panama, etc;
P M S S Co.
Br ship Euphrates. Davis, Queenstown; fe^.
pineer & Co.
Br ship Samaritan, Dexter, Iquique; Glrvin
& Eyre.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, La Paz; Loai
za & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, August ]8.
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell. Panama, etc
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Honolulu.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralcich, Nanaimo.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Bark Levi Q Burgess. Yunggren, Tacoma,
1 Schr Edward Parke. Johnson, Usal.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hanson, La Paz.
Schr S Danielson, Crangle.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson. --,
Schr La Chilena. MatPfn, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. A:. is— lo p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity, 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Edward May loads mdse for Sydney:
Galilee, mdse for Tahiti and Marquesas
The W. H. Macy loads coal at Tacoma for
this port.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Aloha— Aug 13 about 5<X) miles "W
of San Francisco schr Eton Ipu, hence Aug 8 '
for Port Townsend; brig W G Irwin, from Hon
olulu, for San Francisco.
Per Earl of Dalhousie— July 2 In lat 25 IS 3,
1 long 154 15 W. Br ship Duchalburn, from New
castle, NSW, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Aug 18— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— bailed Aug IS— Stmr Chilkat, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Aug IS— Stmr Cottage City
for Dyea; bark Edward May, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Aug 15. and sailed for .
Sailed Aug 18— Bark Tidal Wave, for Ta
coma. » - '■•' >
Arrived Aug 18— Schr Dora Bluhm. from Eu
reka.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug IS— Schr Gotama,
hence Auk 2. _
PORT ULAKELEY — Arrived Aug IS-Schr
Laura Madsen. from Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug IS— Schr R W Bart
lett, for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Auk IS— Stmr Sa
moa, from Seattle.
USAL— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Point Arena, for
San Francisco.
STEWARTS POlNT— Sailed Aug 18— Schr
Archie and Fontie, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Aug 17— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Aug 14. for Tacoma.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Aug 17— Ship J B
I Brown, hence July 22.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Augr IS— Stra
; Alcazar, from Bowens Landing.
Sailed Aug Stmr Greenwood, for .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Signal
hence Aus: li.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug IS— Schr F ,
S Redneld. from San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Aug IS— Schr
i Monterey, hence Aug 15. : ■. • .'-
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 18— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, from Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 17— Schr A M
Baxter, from Seattle; schr Joseph Russ, from
Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug IR— Ship Char
mer, hence April 23; bark Guy G Goss, from
Port Biakeley.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Aug IS— Ship
Two Brothers. Ivnoe July 30.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 18— Br ship
Sprlngburn. for Cardiff.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— baiIed Aug IS— Stmr Patrla,
for New York.
STETTlN— Arrived Aug I?— Stmr Hecla. fm
New York.
HAMUT'RO — Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Italia,
from Baltimore.
NEW YORK— Sailed Augr 18— Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug IS— Stmr Ten
tonic, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr A.U
gusta Victoria, from New York, for Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
Sailed Aug IS — Stmr "vVerkendam. for New
York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
jL, Steamers leave Broadway
ly^Sn- wharf, San Francisco:
1 tS*^s*Hk. For Alas' ports. 10 a. m.,
i !SiJ**JCTll«i August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24, 29, Sept 3.
8 BaT fe£2\lK^ transfer at reattle.
EiavaH'Sftt For Alaskan ports (from
i pear-street wharf). 10 a. m..
lr^*^E^^ August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
"■ tlfi p or V j ctr x< Vancouver. (B.
I n•> Tort Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
'■ Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m Au-ust 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, c necttng at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
j Ry . at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
! W For Eur'eka y '(Humbol<lt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12 18. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
For Santa Crus. Monter»T. San Simeon.
i Ca\mcos Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo).
■ Oavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Vedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles^ and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) '. " a
m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
! every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Rosa-
I lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ISth of
every month. .
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnanim
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
! „-,* hnrrr* ft palling.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
J3J 3 O:R T L -A. ITD
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
r»QC $12 First Class Indudinar ßerths
FAn tsB Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
- , ,_ Wo .....Aug. 3. 13. 23. Sept. 1
k-=T,«« City"" MOO Chlcaito •:::;:::: 14 00
; o »^f X 00' New York 31 00
i ° maha -•-£ WAKD> General Agent,
«30 Market st.
GOODAI^R vu K 7r NS^CO..
Compagnia Generals Transatlantiqua.
French Line to Havre.
.C<mpany s pier (new). 42 North
| Rlvfr foot of Morton st. Travelers <^jTrl>
| by this line avoid both transit by -»J**r*v*.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New York to
i Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
! second class. $115. ;
; LA OASCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further particuln-s apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, :■■.,-..■: ■■.,-..■
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FrOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
i aye.. -San Francisco.
PRJBr'J^PQR^R The S. S. MOAN A
jjfsA&nUlD'alls via Honolulu and
"^"""•Auckland for Sydney
m Wednesday, September
SffiSrnshiDo 7, L"c 2 D- coolgar.
Q)IUIU)JUI\J*- DIE Australia, and
(OlilßflmiUCAPE town, South
XZ."T ** V *4 Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office— 327 Market st.'. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
fAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Special Rates to Excursion Parties,
Beginning SATURDAY, August 20.
FOR U.S. HAVY-YARD AND YA,LLEJO.
1 Stenmer "Monticelio."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a m 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5.......;.... ....... 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..:........... .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Doch, Pier &
,-- -Telephone Red 2241.LANGFORD
WAS HEAVILY
IN DEBT
Played the Races and,
as Usual, Lost.
WANTED TO BE A PLUNGER
MOTIVE FOR THE POPULAR
OFFICER'S SUICIDE.
.Went to His Home in an Intoxicated
Condition and Blew Out His
Brains With a Re
volver.
Being heavily in d-i>t and hnvlng lit
tle prospect ot settling with his cred
itors were the motives which prompted
Police Officer Tom Langford to commit
suicide.
Langford, during the racing meet in
this city, endeavored to add to his ex
chequer by playing "long shuts." He
proved a dismal failure as a plunger
and soon found himself heavily in debt.
Unable to meet the demands at his
. creditors he became despondent and
. determined to end it all.
Last Wednesday, the day on which
he blew out his brains, he met several
friends and told them of his troubles.
He had been drinking heavily, notwith
standing that he was on duty at the
time. After reporting off at th»
fornia-street Station Langford went to
his hcrme on Octaviu street, and. con
trary to his usual custom, he did not
epd^k to his wife. The latter, realizing
. he had been drinking, refrained from
' addressing him and re-entered the
kitchen to prepare the evening meal.
Langford seated himself in the dining
.room and divested himself of his coat.
A few minutes later a shot rang out,
and Mrs. Langford, thinking that some
thing serious had happened, ran into
the room to find her husband in a dying
■■-.condition from the effects of a bullet
hole in the head.
. • Chief Lees ridicules the story that
La-ngt'ord feared being taken before the
Police Commissioners for having "ar
rested Peter Cunningham, an old miser,
whom he had charged with vagrancy.
Cunningham has a large bank account,
,'■". but for years he has passed as a -pau
per.
Cunningham, after being released,
threatened to prefer charges against
: .Langfbrd with the Police Commission
ers. Langford told his wife of Cun
. ningham's threat and seemed to re
• ■ gard it as a huge joke.
' Some time afterward word reached
: • Commissioner Gunst that Langford
■aftd several of his fellow officers were
' in the habit of visiting a saloon at
...SJush and Montgomery streets and
\'. nightly enjoying a repast. flunst not
.'. • lfied Captain "Wittman, and they de
: •. cided to visit the place at an oppor- j
tune time. Langford was informed of
.the intended visit, and he kept away
■ from the saloon. His companions,
however, were caught, and after being
trted for the offense, were fined 5100
■■ each. Notwithstanding that Langford i
was not present when the famous
raid was made, Wittman decided to
: prefer, charges against him. He was
.acquitted by the Commissioners after
ft 'trial, but warned to keep out of sa
. loons while on duty. His friends, who
Were aware of his financial troubles,
expected that he would do something
desperate.
THE PARK'S ELK SHOT.
A ; Fiend Ends the Life of the Noble
Animal With a Pistol Shot.
• ' " . The big elk that for several years has
been the pride of the keeper of the deer
paddock at Golden Gate Park is dead.
• The noble anima.l was shot by some per
■ pori that the park officials would give a
' ". good deal to know. The elk was a splen
• '!did specimen of Its species, and it was
• •■always much admired by visitors to the
.big . recreation ground. The shot that
■ kiiied the animal was not heard by any
of the park attendants. The dead animal
wae found soon after daybreak yesterday
:• &rid its body was then quit<- warm, show
■ ing that the deed was done by thr- fiend
' early in the morning. The bullet that
• ended its life pierced its heart, showing
that the act of the miscreant was a de
liberate one.
Several years ago a male and female
elk were purchased by the Park Commis
sioners, and the two animals soon became
•• the pets of the park visitors. About two
years ago the female elk died and for
months the male was melancholy over the
loss of his companion.
MARRILx> FOR MONEY.
Charles Huber on Finding His Mis- i
take Brutally Beats His Wife.
Mrs. Julia Huber, 16 Janpcn street,
Kwore to a compliant In Judge Joach
lmsen's court yesterday for the arrest of
her husband, Charles Huber, on the J
charge of battery. Her face bore cvi- |
dence of the truth of her statements.
Bhe told Judge Joachimsen that she !
■was 40 years of age and her husband
■was eleven years younger. She was a
widow when he married her three months j
ago. He married her under the mistaken I
impression that she was worth $15,000, and j
after he had gambled away all her money
and found that she had no more he
treated her cruelly, and last Tuesday ■
knocked her down and kicked her. She
was unable to leave the house till yester
day.
TO AID THE RED CROSS.
Managers of the Velodrome at Cen
tral Park Will Assist the
Society.
A special invitation has been extended
to the president and board of directors of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
cfation' and the Merchants' Association
to attend the. opening of the grand spec
tacular reproduction of the uestruction
of the Maine and the battle of Manila at
Central Park on Saturday night.
The management has decided to give
tne Red Cross Bociety a large proportion
of the receipts. Bpecial tickets will be
Jssued and placed in the hands of tne la
dies for sale. These tickets, 6000 In num
ber, will be available for admission dur
ing the coming week, commencing on
Monday night and ending on Friday.
. •". Tax Stamps on Foreign Checks.
. : Commissioner Scott of the Internal
Revenue Department at. Waßhington
•wired to Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch yesterday the following:
.' ■■"Checks may be drawn in this country
against accounts in foreign banks and re
quire only a 2-cent stump. If drawn in
duplicate each check must bo stamped.
The difference between a check and a bill
of exchange is well defined."
'.- ' " Murderer of Wong Kirn Chee.
Detective Ed Gibson left for Stockton
'• yesterday afternoon to bring back Wong
Ah Choey, alias Wong 'Ah Due, who is
| wanted for the murder of his cousin,
Wong Chim Kee, in the Jackson-street
. Theater on the night of August 7. The
• is said to have been caused ■by
■ft r«unUy : feud, - • ■ • . _,»
A REFUGE FOR THE ARMY'S SICK.
The Proposed Convalescent Hospital of the Red Cross
Society at the Presidio.
The new Red Cross hospital for convalescents at the Presidio will be lo
cated just north of the new barracks on the driveway to Fort Point, In a
situation commanding a superb view of the bay and sheltered from the
west winds by the lofty bluff In the rear. The plans were only deter
mined upon yesterday, but It Is expected that in ten days the building
will be ready for patients. The hospital will be 104x34 feet in dimen
sions and be one story in height. The front will be occupied by physi
cians' rooms, kitchen, bath and nurses' rooms, dining room, with heaters
and other conveniences. The rear extension will be occupied by the officers
and rooms for nurses and a ward for fever patients. The center build
ing will be for the hospital proper and will contain beds for twenty pa
tients. Entrance from front, rear and Bides will be provided. The hos
pital will be constructed of wood in rustic style.
Inside the trimmings will be of Oregon pine. The wards will be heated
from colls containing hot water circulating around the walls of the struc
ture. Additional warmth will be provided by brick fireplaces of large
size. A sewer will conduct the waste water to the bay. The arrange
ments for ventilation are most cqpnplete. Though built In short order
nothing will be lacking to make the* hospital absolutely perfect in its ap
point ments.
The designer contemplates an Ultimate extension of the present build
ing double the size of this one, to be erected as soon as the emergency
requires it. The funds for the hospital are furnished by the Ladles'
Red Cross Society. Mrs. Major Long and Mrs. Farrington were the com
mittee appointed to supervise the erection. Messrs. Newsom & Myers are
the architects.
JORDAN PAYS
NO REWARDS
No Blank Certificates
Are Produced.
POSITIVE DENIALS ARE MADE
THE COUNTY CLEBK SAYS IT
IS MEAN POLITICS.
Deputy Dean Declares That .His
Name on Fraudulent Cer
tificates Is Bank
Forgery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway^ Aug. 18.
Tt is being positively asserted to-day
and as positively denied that blank cer
tificates of registration signed by Depu
ty County Clerk Dean and bearing the
seal of the County Clerk's office were
placed in various saloons yesterday and
were used in the interests of Victor Met
calf. This claim, of course, is being made
by the friends of Mr. Hilborn, prominent
among whom are A. M. Benham and
Dr. Derrick.
This afternoon one of these blank cer
tificates bearing the seal of the County
Clerk was brought to the Clerk's office,
but It bore no signature. Yesterday Clerk
Jordan and Mr. Metcalfs managers of
fered a reward of $50 for each of these
blank certificates that could be pro
duced, but so far not one has been found
with a signature to it. It is said that A.
M. Benham had one in his possesion sign
ed by Deputy Clerk Dean, and Attorney
Ben Woolner stated in the County Clerk's
office this afternoon that he had been in
formed by Dr. Selfridge that thirty of
these blank certificates were In the pos
session of parties who would produce
them at the right time.
Mr. Jordan lined up his clerks this af
ternoon and satisfied himself that no such
underhanded work had been done. He
accounted for the certificate with the seal
upon it, but with no signature, by say
ing that the seal of his office is on a ta
ble where it is not Impossible for any
one desiring to put up a job to stamp a
few blank certificates. Incidentally Mr.
Jordan suggested that Will Hawkett
might know something about the stamp
ing of such certificates.
"This scheme is a most discreditable ef
fort on the part of men who cannot fight
fairly," said Clerk Jordan. "I am posi
tive that nothing was done to aid either
man in yesterday's fight so far as the
machinery of the County Clerk's office
is concerned. No doubt as citizens we
all had strong personal preferences, but
I defy any man to produce a blank cer
tificate with the genuine signature of
one of my deputies upon it."
As Mr. Jordan is a candidate to suc
ceed himself, his friends declare that
this charge is being made to Injure him
in his own ward. Mr. Jordan comes from
the Seventh Ward, where Mr. Hilborn
also lives and is particularly strong. Yes
terday Mr. Hilborn only lost the ward by
forty-seven votes, and should his friends
be induced to oppose Mr. Jordan through
the circulation of the story that Jordan
had used his office as he had used his per
sonal influence to aid Mr. Metcalf, the
consequences in the county campaign
would be very manifest.
Deputy Clerk Dean made a positive de
nial that he signed a single certificate
that was blank, and he unequivocally de
clares that any such signature Is a for
gery.
Along "politicians' row" this subject
has aroused the greatest Interest and
bitterness, and Its adjustment must now
undoubtedly cut some figure In the fight
for the County Clerk's nomination.
Buried Their Comrade.
OAKLAND, Aug. IS.— The funeral of
Corporal Jonas Ury was held from Albert
Urown's parlors at 2 o'clock this after
noon Company C, under Captain Barnes,
and the San Leandro Volunteer Fire De
nartment attended. The services were
conducted by Rabbi Friedlander and
Chaplain Miller of the Eighth Regiment.
The pallbearers were James Donelly.J.
Edwards. E. S. Pouts. Ed Golden. W. M.
Comerford and W. Hopkins.
W H Voorhees acted as bugler and a
«?nuad of eight from Company I fired a
salute over the grave. The bier was
draped with national colors and covered
with floral tributes.
Marx-Fitzgerald Wedding.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Miss M. Fltxger
ald sister of Prison Director R. M. Fiti
ger'ald, was married last evening to Alex
ander H. Marx. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Thomas McSweeney at
the home of the bride's mother. Miss
Kate Chabot was the bridesmaid.
Football Season to Begin.
BERKELEY, Aug. 18.— Before the close
of next w«^--Ui« rtl?*J?!^J4liy.t J »*d«!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
its first appearance on the college cam
pus, and from that time onward the
candidates for the varsity team which is
to face Stanford next Thanksgiving Day
will be in constant practice. The work of
preparing the football field was begun
yesterday. As in former years the south
and east sides will be fenced off to keep
out bystanders, and board seats will be
put up next to the atheltic track.
Manager Everett J. Brown considers the
outlook for the year as very promising.
Percy Hall, the captain. Is back,
and there are a number of good men to
choose from. Garrett Cochran will re
turn from Mexico before the first of next
month, and by that time the season will
be in full swing.
Professor Le Conte's Lectures.
BERKELEY. Aug. 18.— Professor Joseph
Le Conte, of the University of California,
has withdrawn altogether from his ele
mentary courses in geology and zoology,
which have always been popular with
undergraduates and viatinjr students at
Berkeley. He will confine himself almost
entirely to lectures in advanced work.
One course only will be offered which will
not require two or three years' pre
requisite study. It is to be known as
zoology 14, and is entitled "Physiological
Optics." The class meets Monday and
Friday mornings at the. 10:30 o'clock i
period, and the work Is open to all stu
dents and visitors alike.
A MISSING WOMAN.
I ___ .
Writes a Letter From the Cliff House
Saying 1 That She Intended to
Drown Herself.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 18.— Mrs. Nellie M.
Holden of 2304 Buena Vista avenue is
missing, and is believed to have com
mitted suicide in San Francisco, If a note
In her own handwriting means anything.
This morning Attorney Ri B. Tappan,
•who had transacted business for the lady,
received a letter bearing the San Fran
cisco postmark and written on Cliff House
paper, in which she Bald that long be
fore he received the missive she would
be dead.
Among other things she said that she
had loaned money to people who had not
paid her; that ahe was worried more than
she could stand, and that "her brain was
reeling."
She inclosed some papers for Mr. Tap
pan, gave him some instructions about
business matters, and concluded by say
ing that the ocean was the best place for
her, and she had decided to leave the
world in that way.
Mr. Tappan at once notified the rela
tives of Mrs. Holden, and a search was
instituted. The Cliff House was visited,
and it was found that the stationery of
that place was readily obtainable by any
one who cared to use it. Inquiry snowed
that some of the attendants had noticed
a lady who might have been the missing
one, and that their attention had been
drawn to her several times of late be
cauße of her strange actions. However,
their description was somewhat vague
and was not sufficiently clear to make It
certain that it was Mrs. Holden.
The missing woman was employed as
bookkeeper and cashier in the real es
tate office of T. A. Smith, to whom she
was related by marriage. She left last
week — Thursday, August 11 — ostensibly
for a vacation trip to Sonoma County,
and the letter received by Mr. Tappan
was the first intimation that she had not
gone there. Absolutely nothing could be
learned that would throw any light upon
the cause of her conduct.
Mrs. Holden was about 45 or 50 years
of age, medium sized, dark complex
loned, with black hair mingled with gray.
She wore curls on the side of .her fore
head.
The missing woman was the widow of
ex-Governor William Holden of this
State. She had always been of a cheerful
disposition until within a few weeks,
when she had appeared to be suffering
from depression from overwork.
THE IBISH FAIR.
All Is Ready for the Grand Opening
on Saturday Night.
With a ringing of bells and a tooting
of horns the Irish Fair will be inaugu
rated on Saturday night. Everything
will be in readiness for the large crowds
which will surely gather to open one of
the most picturesque fairs ever held in
this city. The official beginning of the
fair will be the grand parade which will
be headed by Mrs. F. E. Dunn© as Miss
Erin, escorted by 8. S. Flynn In the habil
iments of Uncle Sam. -n-s attendant to
Miss Erin will be Daniel C. D. McCarthy,
carrying the Irish flag. Abreast of him
will be Benjamin McKinley, tae Presi
dent's nephew, with the American flag.
Every feature of the fair will be a nov
elty and at the same time relative to some
event or historic scene of Ireland. The
music, the addresses, the costums and all
that tends to relieve the monotony of a
stereotyped exposition will be of a bright
and attractive nature.
The Love-Stricken Seaman.
Andrew Wilberg, seaman on the
steamer Point Arena, who fired a shot at
Amelia Reichmann, proprietress of a
lodging house at 290 O'Farrell street, a
week ago, because she refused to marry
him, was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Joach
imsen on the charge of assault to mur
der, in $2000 bonds.
Convicted of Assault.
J«rry Sullivan, who several months ago
shot and seriously wounded Mabel Keat
ing I and - her husband, -T. >, Keating, "in a
saloon at 111 Grant avenue, was convicted
of -•■-. simple- *? assart Ju ' Judge . Wallace's
•court j^ateeiMiii/ ~-^i
HINTS OF GOLD
IN KOTZEBUE
Encouraging News From
Treasure Hunters.
THE LANE PARTY IN LUCK
STRUCK PAY DIRT AT THE
RIVER'S MOUTH.
Accidental Killing of Rn Indian
Leads to the Murder of One
of the Prospecting
Expedition,
The bark Alaska that started for
Kotzebue Sound with 130 gold hunters
is all right, rumors to the contrary
notwithstanding. Private letters re
ceived here yesterday state that she
was at St. Lawrence Island on July 16,
and that it would take at least six
weeks to put her river steamer to
gether.
The stories that the gold fields are a
fizzle are also contradicted. Frank L.
Noonan, who went to Kotzebue on the
barkentine Jane L. Falkenberg, writea
as follows:
Arrived June 26 and at onca launched
the boats. Lane (C. D. Lane, one of the
owners of the Utlca mine and a passenger
on the Falkenberg> says the black sand
in the river is encouraging and is a good
indication of gold. A man named Black
who has had some miners grubstaked up
the Kowak. was taken away by them in
a hurry yesterday. 1 suppose they have
something good. The natives who speak
English say there is lots of gold.
July 19.— The barkentine Catherine
Sudden and Leslie D., barks Northern
Light and Mermaid and schooner Luiea
D. and several others are here and all
kinds of boats are running on the Sound.
A white man accidentally Killed an Indian
and it is now said that the Indiana have
killed a white man to get even. Lane's
party are getting 20 cents to the pan on
top of the ground at the mouth of the
river.
July 24.— An immense bush fire has
been burning around here for weeks. We
can see the tmoke and flames for miles.
The revenue cutter Bear called here on
her way north and gave us some mall.
Captain Wicks of the bark Mermaid has
come aboard the Falkenberg. I believe
they are short of grub on the Mermaid.
In a letter from Francis Tagliabue,
Deputy United States Surveyor, the
| following occurs: "The news here is
: quite encouraging. Several discover
: ies are reported on the Nootak and
I Kowak rivers."
When the steamer Grace Dollar left
Kotzebue Sound none of the river boats
had started, but the Falkenbergr's was
to leave the next day. No prospecting
could have been done, so it Is hard to
say where the news of the complete
failure of the new fields came from.
A big fleet of vessels got in port
Tuesday night and yesterday morning.
The British ship Waterloo made a
smart passage of 56 days from New
castle, N. S. W., while the Earl of
I Dalhousie was 76 days coming from the
; same place. Tha Waterloo was only 30
days getting to the latitude of Hawaii,
and the captain expected to make a
record-breaking run. The brig Galilee
was 36 days from Tahiti, the bark Al
bert 25 days from Hilo and the Roder
ick Dhu 26 days from the same place.
Both vessels left together. As the Al
bert ranks as a clipper, it will be Been
that the Roderick Dhu Is not slow. The
Ottlllie Fjord was 33 days from Kahu
lui and the schooner Aloha 28, and the
ship Marie Hackfeld 27 days from Hon
olulu.
The British ship FaJls of Halladale
and the Italian bark Macdiarnied left
Hull together on May 22. They are now
out eighty-eight days for this port and
| when last seen were making a very
close race.
Three schooners with gold hunters
are still scheduled to arrive from the
East. Of these the Mildred E., now
out 161 days from Boston, is the only
one likely to get here. The Actaeu
party^ when last heard from, was
stranded at Buenos Ayres and the Sto
well Sherman's crowd was in the same
predicament at Montevideo. The Ac
taea is 174 days out from New York
and the Sherman 268 days from Boston.
William A. H. Chenoweth and a
party of five left this city last spring
for the Klondike and yesterday a pri
vate letter was received stating that
they had arrived at Dawson after an
experience in which they nearly all lost
their lives. The party left Juneau and
at Big Salmon their scow was wrecked
and the entire outfit was lost. J. Jor
dan lost a restaurant outfit worth
about $6000 and the others felt they
were lucky in escaping with their lives.
While on the trail on the American
side they discovered the body of a man
who was identified as Dr. Brooks, a
dentist of this city, who left here last
February for Dawson. It was believed
that the man had broken through the
ice of the river and that the remains
had floated down the stream. They
had apparently been in the water about
ten days.
POLICE INSPIBE NO FEAxt.
Two Thieves Rifle the Cabin of a
Schooner in Broad Daylight.
While H. Kammermann was engaged
in unloading a schooner In the channel
of the San Joaquln Brick Company's
wharf yesterday morning two men
strolled aboard the boat, and claiming to
have known him before, engaged him in
conversation. After a few minutes one
of the men diflappeared and finally the
other shook hands cordially with Kam
mermann and walked away, promising to
"see him later."
When Kammermann went down into
the cabin half an hour later, he found
everything topsy-turvy and at once sus
pected that something was wrong. On
going through his clothes he found that
a handsome gold watch and a few dollars
!n cash had been taken. He does not
know the name of the men, but could
identify them should he see them again.
Friends of the Animals.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals yesterday Secretary C. B. Hol
brook's report showed the following busi
ness transacted during the past thirty
days:
Number of cases reported, 282; number
of cases investigated, 280; number of
cases prosecuted, 13; sick and disabled
animals killed, 19; number of animals in
volved, 643. Four new members were
elected. H. C. Asche, Alexander McCord,
Louis Hofmaun, A. Ft. Dice and Joseph
Danerl were appointed as oflicers of the
society.
The Railroad Case.
For the past two days the examination
in the railroad case has been on before
Commissioner Heacock in the rooms of
Judge Hayne in the Parrott building, and
during this time Virgil C. Bogue has been
under fire for me purpose of testing his
Qualifications as an expert engineer. He
was called by the railroad to prove the
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
cost of the reproduction of the lines of
California. Judge Hayne pressed a
"voir dire" examination, to ascertain the
source of the witness' information on the
matters upon which he was called to tes
tify. The purpose of this was to lay the
foundation for a legal objection to his
testimony. Attorney Pillsbury objected to
this line of examination and an adjourn
ment was had in order that the Commis
sioner might consiuer the matter before
giving a decision. It may be that the
court will have to decide the question.
Will Attend the Traffic Meeting.
ML M. Stern, district freight and pas
senger agent o#the Canadian Pacific Rail
way in this city, will leave this evening
for Denver to attend the meeting of the
Transcontinental Freight Association
■which convenes there next Monday. Mr.
Stern is of the opinion that the freight
rate dlfWculty will be amicably adjusted
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROCLAMATION^
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA,
•- " EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
■ . SACRAMENTO. July 30th. IS3S.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State Of
California. . at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the ■ following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of th 9
Etate of California, to-wit: . - •
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
i (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
: A resolution to propose to the people of the
' Btate of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation to revenue and taxation, by
i which It Is proposed to amend said section to
i read as follows: .',
> Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall in-
. cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
: ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it ior
; such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of he qualified electors thereof voting at an
j election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
t Indebtedness, provision shall be made or the
i collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness- as It Tans
due. and also provision to constitute a «' nk l n ,f
; fund for the payment of the principal thereof
i on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
i County of San Francisco may at any time pay
th~ unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for saw
City and county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any (street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any eewer or sewers in said city
land county are hereby exempted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
, statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
! ner: and provided further, that the City of
: Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of Its waterworks, whenever two-thirds or tn«
♦lectors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
i tion, to be known and designated as section
! seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
! viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
: counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TH. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, an sub-
ject to. the Constitution and laws of this state,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years quail
electors of such county, to be elected by the
' qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
I eral or special election, whose duty it snail De
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
I not two such papers, then in ene only, lor at
! least twenty lays, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the Qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
1 a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and ,
All amendments thereof, and all special laws :
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting fcrth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
t »poslted one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the recorder of deeds In the county,
lmon . the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
ouallfled electors thereof, at a general or
special election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
<Jays In a newspaper of general circulation In
such oounty, and ratified by at least three-
fl'ths of the qualified electors voting thereon.
and approved by the LegSiature as herein pro-
vided for the approval of the county govern-
ment act. In submitting any such county gov-
ern .ent act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may he presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
ether than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
■uch deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and th« terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed; and for the constitution,
i irulatlon compensation and government of
such boards and of their clerks and attaches:
Also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
noted ; and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po.--
lltical parties and organisations may partici-
pate m any primary election.
\Vhei_«ver any county has, In the mariner and
method herein pointed out, adopted any county
rovernment act. and the same shall have been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
Sfru^tlons of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
ate and likewise providing for the election
*nd Appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Bisd county government act shall, as to any of
the matte™ herelnabove provided for And de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature., except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnAbove set .forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
(Being ■ . W.)
A resolution proposing to the people of ; the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
crae-iialf article six, thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sco-
M Sectton ei aS The OO C oo S urt of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may "be requested by the Governor to hold
court At the regular terms thereof The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
bear And determine all claims of every . kind
and character against the State, undar such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
°ln the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; / • - ■. _
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing.. on the second Monday in July.
'& ' the ; City -of r Sacramento. ' commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.'
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation' therefor. • but
•hall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organise such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section. ' .
' " AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. V
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
:■ No, »7.) :' :•• ... . ■■/■:.:.
: A resolution to propose to the people of the j
Btate of California an amendment to the Con- !
stitution of the State, amending article eleven, i
by adding a new section thereto, to •be known
as section "number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The ;
■aid proposed new section to read as follows;,
Section 6H, The provisions of sections four :
and five of this article «hall not, nor shall Any
legislation passed : pursuant thereto, . apply » to ,
•ny consolidated - city ; and county government,
flow existing or: hereafter formed, which Ihall
have become, or shall become, organized : under
section seven, or secure..* fU^rter,. Mj^fß ,
tu&t at tjhls-artj|cW , — :~ .-,".' --, N *s. * i
to the satisfaction of all concerned. "The
promiscuous cutting and slashing of
freight rates," he says, "which is* detri
mental to the best interests not only of
the railroads, but also of the merchants,
will undoubtedly cease after the deliber
ations of the association, and I look for
a better feeling all around in regard to
the troublesome question. Of course ac
cusations of all kinds will be made at
the meeting. One road will charge an
other with having cut rates in the past,
while the other will retaliate in a similar
vein, but the end of it will be that we
will all agree to stick to the existing
schedule and promise to sin no more. The
business of thr meeting will be confined
to the discussion of freight rates alone,
and all other questions will be excluded
entirely.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FTVB.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
' No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
! State of California, an amendment of section
■fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section* ta
j read as follows:
Section 15. A . Lieutenant Governor shall be
I elected at the same time and place and In th»
' same manner as the Governor, and his term of
I office and his qualifications shall be the same.
I He shall he president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
I the Governor, or his removal from office, death, :
• inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the :
: State, the powers and duties of the office shall
'< devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die. or
become Incapable of performing the duties of
his office, or be absent rrom - the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall ceasip. • In case of a va-
cancy In the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
: tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
: of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
: duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
i of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to Section
! six, Article nine of the Constitution of the Btat«
: of California, relating to grammar schools by
! which it Is proposed to amend said section ta .
read as follows; I
Section 6. The public school system shall »n->
I elude primary and grammar schools, and such
j high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
i and technical schools as may be established by ;
! the Legislature or by municipal or district
i authority but the entire revenue derived from
! the State school fund and the State school tax
i shall be applied exclusively to the support if
primary and i grammar . schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants In
which a course of study shall be taught Which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Stats of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
j is proposed to amend said section to read as
I follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislator*
' shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
I the first Monday after the first day of January
! next succeeding the election of " its member*,
i and shall be biennial unless the Governor shali
S in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
I lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be-
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
1 assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its
' session. No pay shall be allowed to members
I for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced .in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members - thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments .to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
! their approval." approved March .7. A. D. 1883,
the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at th; election to bo held throughout
this State on .
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendnents are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: If . .'..'■-■
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon. the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
■ City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City ■ Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its. — — ;
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were 1%
Incurred).
For the Amendment? -_; .'.' ...' ; ' ' |
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f.
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county ■ ,
government acts by Inhabitants of/ No
counties for their government). I
For the Amendment?, .. . •'('
Amendment Number Three, being - Sen- ft >
' ' ate Constitutional - Amendment No. ir-
■44 (providing for the creation ef a
Court of Claims to. determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of. '
three Superior Judges designated by No.
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation}.
For the Amendment? I!
Amendment Number Four, being As- f|
sembly Constitutional . Amendment
, No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Yet
' and counties, organized or to be or- ■ .
fanlzed, or holding a charter un- No
er the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties). ■
For the Amendment? » |
Amendment Number Five, > being As- t
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea* ]
providing for succession thereto In . ■■ ;
certain cases and removing dlsabllty ' No.
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? !
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- ',
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 88 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar' ' ..I
Schools). Ne ,
' For the Amendment? ■ . '
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
- sembly Constitutional Amendment • ,
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty' .
nor more than sixty days during each ; Mo' ;
session). ■.■■■■' . - ?*? * ■
For the Amendment? I
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th» <
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. ■ - '
: JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: I* H. BROWN. Secretary of State.
[SEAL.] i !
yr^L Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£mss^ 625 EEABNY ST. Established
■VTOg"*2-*a In IS3 * lor toe treatment of Private
KfiuJßM&Fil Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|O2r>HKABS¥ST. Established
m In 1834 for the treatment of Private
flf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Ba£&B?3xr?^),% disease wearing on body and mind and
fi3BK»*e«J:M Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when •
Hotbeitifail. Try him. Charges low. .
' ijraaß" iffl B9 I'nrm gtnrnntffil Call orwrite. .
I>r. f. t:'. fcIIBBOS, Box 1937, San Francisco. ;
SAILEOAD TBAVEL. \
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalit* Ferry. ;
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALX.BX
. : : AND SAN RAFAEL. ' •
■ WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8 :00, •» :30, ; 11:00 a. . m.:
•1:45. 8:20.4:00, 6:15, »6:00, 8:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
.Wednesdays, -Saturdays and Sundays at 11:31
"'SUNDAYS— 'SiOO. •9:00. •10:00., 11:00, U:»
a, m.: 1:00. *1:45, *4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
: Trains marked ♦ run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •8:35. 7:55. \ 8:25, »9:S«
a. m • «12:20, 2:10. •3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .-• -■ *
SUNDATS-7:00. »8:00, • »9:45, - •10:46, •U:4|
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, »5:15, »8:00. 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. ■ i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. •
WEEK DAYS-6:45, 6:46, 7:56, - 8:43. 10.
a m. 12-40. 2:25. 3:58, 4:55, 5:20 p. m. • . -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ..-- -■ . .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, s 11:10 a, m.; 12:05, l:Ji,
1-40. 3:55, 5:30, 6:30 p.m. . v ;
■..•'■.'.'l.: THROUGH TRAINS. . -  .
7:00 a. m. week days— Caaadero and way sta'ns.'
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way. sta'ns. '
8:15 p.m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To- .
males and way. stations.-., • -.,..,...■-■ '■]-,
1:00 a. m • Sundays— Cazadero' and way . sta'ns.
i 1.45 P. «■ Bu.n.Say.arJPolntßejrea tmA £«£ «t« b* ' (
■ TT r l *-n A ' n TRAVELS
SOVTMKB2* i*4« i kit COHPAHTt
- (PACIFIC SYSTBM.) . '
Train leiKvo nn«l nr« duo la *trrlv« at
.'''MAN FltAN^lNt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tBATB — From Jin* 10, 1898. — AitHira
•0:00 a Nile*. San Joee »nd Way Station*... ••'*»*
7:O0a Benlda, Suisnn and Sacramento.... I0:4M»*
T:OOa MarysTiile, OroTille and Bedding via
Wuodlaud Bl4»F
7 .-••a Elmira, VacaTltle and 8ui0aer.... .. Mt*»r
7:S*a Murtiiie;-. San lUmon.ValleJo. Nap*. ■
. Oallstcura aud Santa Rota f l l2 I>
8:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogd«n and East.. »>»»*
PMiIIOa Sau .Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»nrsTillo,
■ Chico. Tehama and Red 81uff.... *•••»
8:3Oa Peters, Oakdale And Jamestown '«•■*
•«:30a Milton »7*1»»
■r«M»A New Orleans ICipress. Meroed, Free- .
no, BakersUeld. Santa Barbara,
1...S Angles, Demlng, El P*»o,
New Orleans and Gait •i«H»
1 0:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7.43r
•liOOr Sacramento Kiwr Steamers !*•??*
....... San Jose, NO™ and Way Stations... !••■•*
2ioop Lirermore, Mendota, Haoford ana -__.
Vlsalla 4il*>
....... LiTermore, San Jose, Miles and Way .„ __
Stations.  t!»il»A
*itOr Martiuez, Han Kamon, Yallejo
Napa, Oallstoga. Xl Verano and
Saiitaltoca.. • •»*•»
4 : OO r B n ici*. VacaTflle. Woodland.
Knights Landing. MarysriUe, Ore- ,^^_
▼Ille audHaorametito..... 'xs*x 5 *. 4
4iSop Nile*. San Jose, Tracy and Stoekton 7il * r
4:8«r Stockton and Lodl l»«10»
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojare. Santa Barbara and Los
Aui<ele« 7>MJ,
4 ;3*r Martinez, Merced (Raymond teat __:
Yoeemite) and Fresno 1»»I»»
4iHOr SauU Va Route. AUaiitlO XipreCt
fur Mo]»ve aud Kaat •'??'
«iO*r Rnropeau Mail, Ogdeu and Bast.... J«4 »A
•|:OOp Vallejo ■••••»
• :»«p T<H.vwnrtl», Nile* and Ran .Toss 7i4»a
J7:oop Vallfjo, Port Costa and Way B**>- m
tions J»»4»»
BiQOe Oregon Kx|>resii.BacTan>«nto, Mary*- - "
»Ille. llwliUuk. Port.and. X'uiot ■„_
S.i.. :i .lmirt K»»t ■■ »'!»*
' SAX LKA.MMH) AMi lUTWABPB LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ' •
1 Melro«r, Komfnurjr Park, ( T'"*
8:O»a Kitchbnrs;, F.lmhnrst, TJljSt
.2 : 22 A San Leandro.SoHtiStJi }•s•*
\\%%\ Le«n<!ro, ftUdlUt, iJ I ,^
2l»i««if Lorenzo, Cherry^ • "Us*
,:i':t»up and I**l2'
3:0«r Haywnr4s. »i4«p
7iO«r < Rons through to Kite*. i-.Ait ;
) I From Wiles. I ,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gaaa;e).
(Foot of Market Street.) ' '
t7t43A Santa Crus Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations tSfMy
Newark.Centerville. San -.-'.■
Boulder Creek, Santa Onts and Way
SUtions.... titan
•SilSr Newark. Cent«rriUe, San Jose, Hew
■:■:; -■■'■-■■ Almaden. Pelton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Station •iwtßwa.
4:18p Baa Jose, Glen wood* Way Stations •>••«.
04t15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cnn J*iM*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton Sll rfUKCISCO— r»at «f Mtrktt Strut <slii |>—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *8:09 tttfll
•♦■CO tB:OO *6:90r.M.
fria 01IUID— Not »f BrMswsT.— »fl:M . 8.-M l^Wi.M.
1 12:00 »l:00 :3:00 *3:00 ti:00 . < Jflfl»J»»
COAST DIVISION (Broad Oaagv). ,
(Third and Towngend BU.) ■
♦7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (N«w
Almaden Wednesdays only) . aIS#V
X7i3oa Sunday Excursion lor Ban Joae, .. *
Santa Cms, Pacific Groro «M . -
Principal Way Stations t**m»
•:»0a Man Joss, ires Pinos, Santa Cms. •
PaolUo (iroTe. Paso Roble*. Baa- ■
Luis Obiiipo, Guadalupe, Surf a*d
Principal Way Station* 4ilwl>
I OttttA Sail Jose and Way Station* *•>••▲
11i3»a San Jose and Way Station* *lltta
»B:4Sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo ParK
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. San Jo*a*
Qilroy, Uollister, SanU Cms,
Salivas, Monterey and Paola« <
GroTe iliMl
•X:il«p8&n Jose and Way Stations •»«O»A,
•4ilsp San Jose and Principal Way Station* *i4sa.
•3:OOt>Ban Jose and Principal Way SUtions liHi
OiS«rBan Jose Principal Way SUtioni SiSOr
6:30p San Jose and Way Station* 7i8»»
«H;43p San JosoandWay Station* 7l8a»
A for Morning. ----- P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturday* and Bgadaym.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN KAKAEU
WEEK DATE— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.. 1J:»,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday a— Extra trtja
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I'M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.: 1J«. I:**.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. "
SAN RAFAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IV 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:OL
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. I:**.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
■ Between San Francisco and Schaetsaa Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franclaeav
June 29. —
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I WMk
Pays. | days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am I: Warn
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 ana
5:10 pm I S^OOpm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:22pja
I Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, ' l«: Sans
Healdsbury;,
L7tton,
Geyservllla,
S:Bopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:B3 pm *:S3pa
7:3o ami ' I Hopland and I ~~ 110:25 am
S:Sopm| 8:00 am Uklah. [ TJSpm| t:22nn»
7:30 am l*:Jsax»
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:Sopm .:■.■■ taip^
7:3oam| 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 1:49
and
C :lopm ' B.OOpm] Olen Ellen, [ »:l»pm l:22p—
7 am I 8 am I Sebaatopol. 110:40 am|l»:25 am
l:»0pm| 6:oopm| | 7:3s pm| <:22pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at <*•»•
nervine for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*- tot
the Gey sera; at Hopland for Duncan Spring
Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle. * Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport. and • Bartl«tt
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoi»
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upp«*
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's, RlV«»-
side, Lterley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Helrhta.
Hullville, Boonovine. On's Hot Springs Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. UsaL
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
r *On Ce Sunda'yii round-trip tickets to all points]
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. • R. X. RTAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace 6Jeepto* Cmw-m
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time I . (
Leave San Franclsco.4:Jo p. m., &M.T.W.T.F.f«
Arrtre Denver...... ..J:09 p. m.. W.T.F.B.t.ItT.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
Xrrlv* St. Louis 108 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
Arrlvo Chicag0. ......»:00 p. m., T.r.S.B.M.l'.W*
' HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS V
,RVEY'B DINING-ROOM«
6«rv* Superior Me«la at Vary Us a Mas/
I '. abio Rates. "
■YOU WILL BE COM pnl !T f t l*B
: If You Travel oa the Santa !■•»
tAB FRARCISCQ TICKET OFFICE — MARSH II
. TELEPHONE MAIN ISO. ...',.'
Oftklasd Office- 1118 Broadway.
■ ■ Sacramento Offie*— Bol J Street
_6an Jose Offloe— 7.Wt«t Santa 01ar» &U
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
Einunento RAILWAY COMPANY.
i Jose Offio«— 7 Wast Sant* 0k» My
i.N FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
'ALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1. Hit, trains will run as follows*
-bound. j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed. I Pa**«*>-
ger, / Sunday Bta- Sunday ] »er.
Daily. Exc'pted v. tlona. Exo'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 aml Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pns
9:10 a m 12:50 pin Merced ' 12:50 p m 3:5} p m
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 1:29 p a
11:35 am 6:45pm Han ford 7:45 am ltlpa
2:45 pm 11:50 pm B'k'rsnd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vlaalla , 6:40 a m 12:65 pat
Stopping at Intermediate points as require**. '
i . Connections— At Stockton wlti steamboats «C .
', California Navigation , and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at •
p. n. ilnily; at Merced with stage* to and front
Snelllnga. Coultervlll*. Tosemita, etc: alaa
: with stage from Hornlto*. Mariposa. *te.; M
i Laskershim with stage to and from Maders,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
r - (Via Sausallto Ferry.) ' ■'"
Leave San Francisco, . commenclnt; ' May ■ V
IS9S: ' • •••■.i --- ' ■■• ■ . ■■"' ,- - ■•■•<•■ '- : '
\V««k Days— a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:80 p. m. '••-'•' ■ '*• " " ;
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11. ■■ .■■■■•• ■ _^
THOS. COOK * - SON, Aff«Et», IS - M«tfc*<
jstreej, BviJPwsias9k^—- — — -—— _ :
1314
MAXIMO GOMEZ
WINS AGAIN
Not the General, But the
Race Horse.
DOMINEER WAS A SURPRISE
JffiAHER RIDES THREE AQUE
DUCT WINNERS.
Treachery, Ach and Newsgatherer
First at Hawthorne — Linda,
Libbie and Loving Cup
Win at St. Louis.
r~-~ Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORE, Aug. 18.-The bookmakers
probably suffered from financial drainage this
afternoon, as llttte Maher was on three of he
*,x winners, and the publfc always plays his
™ n «ti heavily However. Domineer' s win In
SSTnAt^ £«^ odds and Harry Crawford's
in the last may have helped them out. St^
Claire captured the two-year-old handicap with
top weight up in fine style. The track was In
good shape. __
First race, maiden two-year-olds, five and a
lialf furlongs:^
■Name and Weight. Jockeys. l %■ %■ Str. Fin.
Domineer." llo ""TTTiMoodj-ro « rf
Corners. 110 yj\ Unms I a 0 8
Improvident. 102 O'Leary 0 0 0 I
lu ?6T uo v.v:.v.v.v;.^^r r I 1I 1 r ,
gnS.hlc.lW ....Cunningham 3 2 220
Time. 1:10. Won driving. Second and third
fll iTJhVo<.Ti Karat 110. Dr. Fltzsimmons 110,
Yule Tide 110, Hlghwater 107 and Lowna 107
•'l.iSamo odds-12 to l. 6to 6 and 6to L
Track odds— 2s to 1. 7to 6 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, mile and forty yards:
' Name and Jockeys.. %. %■ %■ Str. Fin.
7i03 ™.T"Maher 2 18 12 1111
LandpdaJe, 107 ....Spencer 3*3 2 i
Campania. 108 Moody 112 2 3 3
Frohman. SO .Daly 4 3 4 1*
•Time. 1:45. Won handily. Second and third
dr fau"!ulto odds-1 to 2. 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— to 5, 6 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, about seven furlongs: j
" Name and Wt. Jockeys. j K. %• %■ Str. Fin.
AngeiTlOS-Maher. 3 1 1 11 2 1 ',
Debride. IPS S Moody 2 0 0 0 3
Vanefta. SS Moody 2 0 0 0 A
Vißenta. 100 Neville 0 0 0 3 0
Btachelberg, 109 ...Coylle 18 8 0 0
Time. 1:25 2-3. Won cleverly. Second and
OTMIO TMI8 iOS n aiid Headlight II 104 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 6. 8 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 10, 10 to 1 and 7 to 2.
•Favorite. • >
Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds, § . five
. furlongs: '1 '.
"Name and Weight. Jockeys. 1 4- %. Str. Fin.
•St. Clalro. 119.. . .Cunningham 2 22 14
•Prince of Wales, 114..Maher 11111 2
Hen Viking. 116 Slmms 0 0 3 3
Passalc, 100 Songer i 3 0 0
Time. 1:02 3-5. Won cleverly. Second and
th Mail fo's. Sister Fox 95 and Little Reggie
100 also ran.
Sauaallto odds— to 1. 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— to 2, 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
' •Favorites.
Fifth race, selling, one mile:
"xameand^Vt. Jockeys.) V,.. K. **■ Str. Fin.
•Max. Gomea, »..Maher 3 2 2 24 1h 1 3
Rosslfer. 99 Bergen) I 1111 a 0 2 1
Squan. 107 Moody 4 4 0 0 3 .
Oharagrace. 104-.0-L.eary 0 0 3 3 0
Sculptor, 96 ....Michaels 2 3 4 4 0
King 11. 108 ...... Simms 0 0 0 0 0_
~ Time, 1:43%. Won easily. Second and third
Sausallto odds— to 2. 4 to 1 and £0 to 1.
. Track odds— 2 to 5, 5 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, maiden three-year-olds, one mile:
/Name and Jockey*.] %■ 4- V Str. Fin.
H Crawford. H2.Ham'ton| 0 0 0 31
Hardy C, 109....OarriKan 2 2 3 112
•Finletta. 107 Simms 0 , « , ** 2 3
Spero, 112 Spencer 1111110 0
Torreon. 112 Coyllel 3 0 0 0 0
Time. l:46Vi. Won cleverly. Second and third
Wauwego 112 Mr. Kattenbach 112. Brass 112.
Slasher, 112. Dr. Withrow 109, 'Duchess An
nette 107 and La RuMe 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— l 2to 1. 12 to 1 and 24 to 1.
Track odds— lo to 1, 15 to 1 and sto 2.
•Favorites.
XOTS OF RACING AT ST. LOUIS.
Six Races, One of Three Heats, and
Several Close Finishes.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. There was enough rac
ing here this afternoon to satisfy the cravings
of the greatest enthusiast in the land, six races
being carded, including a heat race that took |
three heats before it was decided. Favorites j
■won the first four events off the reel and the ;
fifth was taken by a heavily played second !
choice. The track was sloppy. it having rained j
very hard.
First race, maidens, three-year-olds and up,
Six furlongs:
Name ana Weight. Jockeys. I %. 3 ,i- Str.Fln.
•Llbble 90 .... Harshbenjer 0 0 Oil
Garnet Ripple. 99. ... U. Smith 3 3 3 2
Johnny Bohan. 98.. McDonald 2 2 2 3
Wilson C, 92 Lines) 1 1 lh 0
Time, 1:18. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
N X. Kaufman 69. Preaque Isle 99, Dr. Harris
104 Henry R 104. Rarita 97. Vicle Vance 97,
Alades »2 Ward 97. Little Sallle 90. Picayune
II 94, Mace Russell 90, Ethel L 90 and Dora G
feO also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5, 10 to 1 and 3 to 1.
, Track odds— to 5, 12 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Beyond race, purse, mile and seventy yards:
"Name and Wt. Jockey*. l %. ft. \. Str. Fin. !
•Linda, 99 McDonald 13 14 14 15 1% i
Gomez, 92 Southard 6 2 2 2 2 5
Judge Steadman, 91. Lines 2 3 3 3 3
fiwlfty, 19 Caddy 3 6 5 4 0
Anger. S3 Harsberger 0 4 4 0 0
Tatrn, S3 ..Gtvens 4 0 0 0 0
Stella 8, 87 Houck 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:48%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Pausallto odds— 2 to B, 20 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 1 to 3, 40 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and a quarter:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. .%. »$.. %. lm. Fin.
•Pinochle, 91 Lines 11 13 12 11 13
Sunburst. 97 BloM 0 3 0 2 2 3
Otto H. ■■'" Southard 2% 2h 3 3 3
R. B. Sack, S7 Houck 3 4 2% 4 0
Hansom. 94 Stevens 0 0 4 0 0
. Uncle Jim. 94. ... T. Burns 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 2:14. Won easily. Second and third
handily.
Rausallto odds— -4 to 5. 3 to 2 and 12 to 1.
• I'rack odds— to 10, 8 to 6 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, heats, five and a half
furlongs; first heat:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. & %. Str. Fin.
Cotton Plant, 89 Lines 11 11 12 13
11. H. Gardner, 57.. W. Miller 2 2 3 2
•Loving Cup, 62 T. Burns 3 3 2 3
' Time, 1:10. Won handily. Second and third
handily. .
Mrs. Bradshaw 94, Joe o' Sot 92 and The
Navy 97 also ran. Bradshaw and Joe o' Sot
distanced. T
Sausalito odds— to 1, 2% to 1 and even.
Track odds— to 5, 7to 2 and 11 to 10.
• "Favorite.
• Second heat, fourth race:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str.Fln.
Loving Cup, 92 T. Burns lh 11 12 lh
H. H. Gardner. 87.. W.. Mi11er .3 .8 3 2
•Cotton Plant, 89 Lines 2 2.213
The Navy. 87........:...G1vens 4■• 4 4-4
1 Time, 1:10%. Won driving. Second and third
driving. *
.: Sausallto odd*— ZVt to 1, 4to 1 and 2to S.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 8 to 1 and 1 to L
•Favorite.
Third heat, fourth race:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
•Loving Cup. 92 T. Burns 11 12 14 12
Cotton Plant, S9 Lines 2 2 2 2
Time, 1:14. Won galloping.
Sausallto odds— l to 6 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— l to 8 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, all ages, «lx furlongs:
"Name tuni Weight. Jockeys. I X- %■ Str. Fin.
Sldonlan, 110 T. Burns lh 11 lllh
Kandaz-o, 101 Caywood 0 2* 2 8 2 1
Be True. 84 Ward 0 0 0 8
Pat Murphy, 107.. ..McDonald 3 0 0 0
Trombone, 105 .Lines 2 3 8 0
Time, 1:15. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Mound City. 102 and Lividla 100 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 1. 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race. Belling, one mile:
Name and Wt^Jockeys. [ %. Vfe. %• Str. Fin.
Mamie G, 101. .McDonald 11 11 11 } h £ ,?
Bequeath, 93 Lines 22 2 1 2V4 0 2>4
Wilson. 96 T. Burns 3 3 S 2 1 3
Moralist, 104 Campbell 0 0 0 8 0
The Planet, 104. -Southard 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:44. Won easily. Second and third
Sausailto odds— 2*4 to 1. 6to 1 and 7to 10.
Track odds— 3 to 1. 8 to 1 and 11 to 20.
•Favorite.
REMINDED ONE OF CALIFORNIA.
Wins of Ach, Treachery and News
gatherer at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— The Hawthorne track
was still heavy, but was much better than
yesterday at that. The victories of Ach.
Treachery and Newsgatherer and tho wins by
W Martin. J. Woods and Thorpe made one
think at far-off California, where these horses
and riders were bo prominent last winter. The
races were captured by one favorite, two sec
ond choices anil one third choice.
First race, selling, six furtongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, ft. %. Str. Fin.
•Prince Hajry, 101. W. Martin] 8 2 2 12
•Canace, 98 McNicholsl 1 12 14 t
L Pilot Jr., 101 Holden; 0 0 0 S
Stamina. 105 J. Relff 0 3 0 0
Mizzlura, 101 Rutter 0 0 3 0
~Tlme. 1:19. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
White Pine 98 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 5, 6 to B and 12 to L
Track odds— l 3to 10, 7to 6 and 15 to 1.
•Favorites.
Second race, puree, six furlonjrs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | ft. %. Str. Fin.
Newsgatherer, 114.... J. Woodal 11 11 2 11
•Good Friend, 10a. .H. Martin; 3 2 11 2h
Gov. Sheehan. 117 Elllsi 4 4 4 3
Redskin. 117 l>. Relffj 8 8 a *
Time. 1:18:4. "Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Saußallto odds — 2 to 1, even and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 6 to 6 and 12 to L
•Favorite.
Third race. Belling, one mile:
Nam<T~and Wt. Jockeys. I *. H. *. Str. Fin.
Treachery. 104.... J. Relflf S 6 3 3 12
•Elidad 106 Thorpe. 1 2 1 14 2
Vice Regal, 106..McCann 3 4 6(3
La Prlncessa, '02.Everett 7 7 7 7 0
Pensorosa. 102.. A. Dorsey 6 8 4 4 0
Mr. Easton, 103 Rose 4 6 6 6 0
Collins. IWS Jenkins 2 1 24 2 0
Time, 1:47. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 7 to 6 and 30 to 1.
Track odds— ll to 6, 7to 5 and 50 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, hk- %. Str. Fin.
•Nivoce, 110 Thorpe 0 8 3 13
Hosi. 107 Ellis 0 0 0 3
King Dance. 114 L. Reiff 0 0 0 3
Friskal, 112 McN'ichols 3 110
Revenge Dare. 105.. W. Martini 112 2 0
Golden Rod. 11" H. Brownl 2 0 0 0
Time. 1:11*4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Aster 110 and Dixie Lee 112 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 7 to 10. 2^ to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 10, 5 to 2 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, purse, five fur
longs :
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %. Str. Fin.
Ach. 103 Ellis 3 3 111
•Gay Parlslenne. 100... Turner 0 0 2 2
Native Son. 108 Rutter 0 0 0 3
Doremus, 103 J. Relff 110 0
Sun God, 103 Rose 2 2 3 0
Time, l:0C. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Pay the Fiddler 100. Barrabas 106, Major
Eskrtdge 103 and Fatherland 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 8 to 6 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— s to 1, 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
«, —
RUNNERS AT SARATOGA.
Clawson and Sloan Divide Honors In
the Saddle.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 18— Summaries:
First race, one mile:
Charentus, 98 (Clawson), 6 to 5 1
Estaca, 112 (Knappj, 7 to 10 and out 2
Tncle Louis, 88 i,Makin), 20 to 1 3
Time, 1:43%.
Second race, six furlongs:
Lady Lindsay, 108 (Clawsoa). 3 to 1 1
(Jhappaqua, 111 (iKiggett), 6 to E and out 2
St. Lorenzo, 111 (A. Barrett), 9 to 5 3
Time, 1:17»4.
Miss Mitchell also ran.
Third race, seven furlongs:
Orion, 118 (Taral), 5 to 1 1
Glenolne, 107 (T. Sloan), 11 to 5 and 4 to 5... 2
Loiterer, 117 (A. Barrett), 10 to 1 3
Time. 1:29%.
Arequbus. Continental and Roundsman also
ran.
Fourth race. United States Hotel stake, one
mile and a furlong:
George Keene, 106 (T. Sloan), 6 to 6 1
Central Trust, 112 (Clawson), 13 to 5 and 7
to 10 2
Laverock, 112 (H. Lewis), 3^i to 1 3
Time, I:G7.
Nuto also ran.
Fifth race, one mile:
Margaret Jane 96 (T. Sloan), 4 to E 1
Ba-nquo 11. 105 (Van Kuren), 30 to 1 and (!
to 1 2
Domitor, 108 (A. Barrett). 13 to 10 S
Time, 1:44%.
Filament and Ma Angellne also ran.
THOUSANDS LOST ON
MAMIE PATTERSON
BUFFALO, Aug. 18— The boast of H. M.
Hanna and other Cleveland friends of the j
Western mare, Mamie Patterson, that no one j
could tell how fast she could go, was short
lived to-day, when Directum Kelly, the four
year-old Direct colt, took her measure in U:e I
|0000 Queen City stake, 2:16 trotting.
The Cleveland party lost a "barrel" of
money, Mamie Patterson having sold favorite '
in t)i«- early pools at $25 to $14 on the field. Mr.
James Butler, owner of Directum Kelly, won
handsomely. The Judges fined Saunders $100
fur pulling up Mamie and allowing Big Timber
to ini.au him after he saw he could not beat ,
Dire. turn Kelly. Summaries:
2:12 class, pacing, purse $1500 — Lady of the ]
Manor won second, third and fourth heats. ;
Time, 2:lu'i. 2:09^, 2:09%. Indiana won first
he;it In 2:u9Vi. Democracy third. Heirloom,
Cracksman and Evangellne also started.
Queen City stake, $5000, 2:16 trot— Directum
Kelly won second, third and fourfli heats.
Time, 2:08"^, 2:lOVi, 2:lOVi. Mamie Patterson
wc;n llrst heat In 2:14. Big Timber third. Hat
tie X, Bnrpol, Castleton, Improvidence, Quar
terßtaff und True Chimes also started.
2:12 class, trotting, purse $1500— The Abbott
won In straight heats. Time, 2:l2Vi. 2:14«4. 2:13.
Pat Watson second. Alrlch third. Croesus,
Ruby and Hans McGregor also started.
Winners at Windsor.
DETROIT, Aug. 18.— It rained hard all the
afternoon and the track at Windsor was very
heavy. First race, six furlongs — Purse Proud
won, Midlo second. Faustonic third. Time,
1:1S%.
Second race, five furlongs — Salute won,
Ivy Colta second. Charlie O third. Time,
1:05%.
Third race, mile — Simon D won. Miss Oussle
second, Henry Launt third. Time. 1:444. :
Fourth race, five furlongs — won, Crin
kle second. Ergo third. Time, 1:05.
.Fifth race, mile and an eighth— Tusculum
won, Lady of the West second. Beau Ideal
third. Time, 1:68*.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Glenalbyn won, Miss
Al Farrow second. Intriguer third. Time,
1:18%. , _
Anaconda Results.
ANACONDA. Aug. 18.— Flret race. thre« fur
longs—Pat Tucker won, Lou Watklna second,
Dutch third. Time, :36.
Second race, five and a half furlongn— The
Light won. El Mldo second, Ocorona third.
Time. l:l(Hi.
Third raco, five furlongs— Lady Ashley won,
Amasa second, Negligence third. Time. 1:04.
Fourth race, mile— Lucky Star won. Master
Mariner second. Barracan third. Time, 1:4.1?;.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Oak Leaf
won, Chappie second, ■William 08. third.
Time, 1:25.
Sixth race, rail* and twenty yards— Grady
woo, Masoero second, Krunz third. Time, 1:17.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ATHEIST 39, 1898.
CALIFORNIANS IN
SPLENDID FORM
Astoria Regatta Will Be
gin To-Day.
MIDGETS STRONGLY TOUTED
ARE FAVORITES FOR SENIOR
BAEQE RACE.
It Is Expected Thirty Thousand Peo
ple Will Participate in
the Northern City's
Carnival.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 18.— The As
toria Aquatic Carnival, the fifth in
the history of the city, begins to-mor
row. The celebration will last three
days— Friday, Saturday and Monday.
Sunday is being reserved for a regatta
excursion to the seaside.
With the exception of Frank Wilson,
who was entered in the senior skiff
from the Ariel Club of San Francisco,
all the entries from San Francisco are
here. The "midget" crew of the South
End Club arrived by train yesterday
and the Alameda crew came in last
night. S. J. Pembroke is with the
Alamedas. Both crews received an
ovation when they arrived at the depot.
They were escorted to the Murray Ho
tel by a large delegation of Astorian
citizens.
The people here think a great deal of
the San Francisco oarsmen. The boys
have made an impression with the As
torians by their sportsmanlike spirit in
helping each other while training. It
is no uncommon sight to see the op
posing skiff men and barge crews rub
bing each other down after a hard
row. Although the greatest rivalry
exists between all they have acted to
each other like members of the same
club.
The men are all In good trim. Their
work consists of five-mile rows dally
and cross-country running. The Ala
meda crew will be a little handicapped
in Its race with the "Midgets," as it
! has not rowed in a week. Al Webb,
No. 3 oar. has been In Astoria since
Monday, but the rest of the crew ar
rived only last night. They have all
been rowing singles in the Alameda
estuary during the week, however, and
are in good fettle.
The South End "Midgets" rowed over
1 the course yesterday at a racing pace.
j They were closely watched by the
northern oarsmen and their work has
already won favor. The Astorians
think them the neatest at oars that
ever pulled over this course.
The water around Astoria is the
same as on the California courses, be
ing choppy in the afternoon and com
paratively calm in the morning. The
races will take place as early as pos
sible to insure stll! water. The course
> will be a measured mile and a half
and will be laid out along the railroad
track, where observation trains will
follow the crews from start to finish.
A grand stand capable of holding 2000
people has been erected at the starting
point and a band of forty-one pieces
will be stationed there.
Boats and trains arriving from ad
jacent cities are crowded with pas
sengers. Room cannot be found to ac
commodate all that are coming. House
boats that have not been used in years
are being fitted as sleeping quarters
for the visitors to the regatta. It is
expected 30,000 people will be here, in
addition to oarsmen from Victoria,
Burrard Inlet, Vancouver, Portland
and California.
Alex. Pape of the Dolphin Club is
confident of winning the senior skiff
event. He has been trying like a Tro
jan, but Coney Ochs of the Pioneer
Club and Dr. Dennis of the South
Ends have been working Just as hard,
and the people will get their moneys
worth out <if this race. Dennis never
rowed in better form than at present
and the wonderful turn of speed Ochs
has been showing lately has caused the
knowing ones to regard him as danger
ous. For once this sculler has got him
self into proper condition. He is cer
tainly the prettiest rower of the tiio.
j and a great number of Astorians favor
■ hi* chances.
The "Midgets" look like a "moral"
for the senior barge race. The other
day they held the tug Relief, which was
once one of the fastest tugs on San
Francisco Bay, down for nearly a half
mile, the tug going at pretty good
speed.
The Ran Franciscans are talking of
doubling up after the barge and skiff
races and entering the Whitehall, tub
and swimming races. They are anxious
to take home as many prizes as possi
ble.
HONORS FROM GERMANY.
Dr. John Hermann Behr Banquetted
on His Eightieth Birthday
Anniversary.
In honor of Dr. John Hermann Behr's
eightieth birthday anniversary Just eighty
prominent Germans
and friends sat at
banquet In the
Deutscho Ver c 1 n
club-rooms at Hotel
Savoy last night. Dr.
Behr is a vice-presi
dent of the Academy
of Science and a
man of great popu
larity.
A welcome address
•was delivered by the
toastmaster, Dr.
Max C. Richter, re
sponsive to the
toast, "Behr, the
physician." At its
conclusion Professor
"William Zimmer
mann of the Gllrs' High School, in be
half of the German Consul General.
Adolph Rosenthal, who waa unavoidably
absent, presented Dr. Behr with a di
ploma an honorary degree of Doctor of
Modiclne conferred upon him by his Alma
Mater, the University of Berlin, In honor
of his eightieth birthday. This is a dis
tinction seldom conferred upon German-
Americans.
The succeeding toasts were responded to
by L. H. Foote. Professor William Zim
mermann, Charles Bundschu, William
Lowy, Dr. Emll Steltzner and M. Green
blatt.
THE DEFENDER MAY RACE.
Iselin's Yacht to Try for the Honor
of Representing America.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The Times to
day says: The varied rumors that have
been current for the past two weeks rel
ative to the formation of several syndi
cates to build as many yachts to partici
pate in the trial race for the selection of
a representative boat to defend the
America's Cup, have dwindled to one new
boat, which will be owned by the Whit
ney-Duryea*syndicate, in which it Is re
ported that Commodore J. Pierpont Mor
gan will be the largest owner. E. D.
Morgan is also said to be interested in
the new craft. Another boat which will
participate in the trial races will be con
trolled by Colonel Oliver Iselin, and will
be probably the Defender overhauled and
improved by the Herreshofl Company.
SLAIN IN A
CORN PITCH
Nathan Hollenbeck Was
Killed by Quong Mow.
THOUGHT HE WAS A ROBBER
THE CHINESE WAS WAITING
FOR THIEVES,
With a Loaded Revolver the Mon
golian Was Guarding His
Vegetable Patch From
Depredations.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Nathan Hollen
beck, a poundmuster's deputy, was mur
dered late to-night by Quong Mow, a
Chinese gardener.
The murder oocurred at Parsons and
Adeline streets in North Oakland, in
which vicinity there are several large gar
dens owned by Chinese. For some time
the Chinese have been troubled by people
stealing from the gardens at night, and
to-night Quong Mow was keeping watch
armed with a big revolver. Less than an
hour before midnight Mow heard some
one in a corn patch, and on seeing a man
there he at once demanded to know his
business. Some angry words followed
and as the man started to run Mow aays
he flred a shot at him. The man then
fired two shots at the Chinaman and
the latter, so he says, replied with two
more shots, shooting the fleeing man
down in his tracks and instantly, killing
Quong Mow hid himself as soon as he
had murdered Hollenbeck, but when he
saw the patrol wagon fillea with officers
he came from his hiding place and wtll
lnSn 8e U a r r r c c hing re the road where the mur
dered man lay the officers found three
ears of corn, freshly broken from the
stalk and which lends color to the China
man's story that he found Hollenbeck
stealing from the garden. ..... _.
When Mow arrived at the jail his re
volver was examined and it was found
that all the five chambers were dis
charged. It is beleived the five shots that
were heard by people in the vicinity were
all fired by Mow. A search was made for
the Pistof with which Mow says Hollen
beck flred two shots at him. but no
weapon could be found and it is not be
lieved by the police that the murdered
"The^murdered^man was about TO years
old and lived with his wife and one child
at Twenty-sixth and San Pablo avenue.
REDS LOSE THEIR THIRD
GAME TO NEW YORK
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. L. Pet. j Clubs- W. L Pet.
Boston .68 3S .CflO'PlUsburg ...51 t>o .aoo
C^cTnnatV ..67 3» .632 Philadelphia 47 Bl .479
Baltimore ..60 33 .612. Hn<,klyn ...38 60 .38S
Cleveland V.M 41 .5941 Louisville ..39 6o .375
New York ..f,B 43 .574 Washington 87 U .3,0
Chicago &i 4a .629 15t. Louis ...29 7u .280
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— The Giants took
all three games of the. present series with
the Cincinnati, the visitors getting but
one run in the three games. Seymour
pitched great ball at all stages of the
game. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs- ?• c
New York •• ••••• J » *
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; I Dammann,
Hawley and Peltz. Umpires— Lynch and An
drews. .
BOSTON, Aug. 18.— The Champions
took another game to-day from the Or
phans In the easiest manner, none of the
visitors getting across the home plate.
Both sides fielded brilliantly, but the
Chlcagos were very weak at the bat.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— £• }\- E :
Boston 10 « J
Chicago 0 6 0
Batteries— Lewis, Hlckman and Teager; Is
bell. Chance and Donohue. Umpires— Gaflney
and' Brown.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The Clrvelands
and Brooklyns planned to-day to play two
games After the Clevelands had won
the tirst game. 2 to 0, the second contest
was started but after two innings had
been played It was called on account of
rain. No" runs had been scored. Attend
ance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Brooklyn 2 In 2
Cleveland •• 2 10 0
Batteries— Kennedy and Grim; Cuppy and
Zlmmer. Umpires— and Snyder.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 18.— Opportune
hitting by the Phillies, aided by loose
fielding on the part of the Pirates, en
abled the Quakers to win to-day's game.
Attendance, 1375. Score: . V <■:
Club.- ! i ■" Vi B. **• »•
Plttsburg 7, J £ 3
Philadelphia ■••• 8 9 2
Batteries Hart and Bowerman; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
BALTIMORE, Aug. Altrook lost his
game with the Orioles to-day in the first
inning. He steadied down in the second
and after that the home team scored but
once. .Nops was hit freely, but fine sup
port kept the visitors from winning. At
tendance, 1250. Score:
Clubs- «• H. K.
Baltimore » 9 °
l/QUl8Vll!e it li A
• Batteries— Nops and Clark: Altrock and Kit
tredge. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, August IS.— The Sena
tors won in the ninth on three singles, a
base on balls and Tucker's error. Attend
ance. COO. Score:
Clubs- «*■ H. E.
Washington > « J
■^t Louis 3 11 2
Batteries— Dlnneer. and McGulre: Taylor and
Kinslow. Umpires— O" Day and McDonald.
The Associated Industries.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the State
Board of Trade and chairman of the
Council of Associated Industries, has is
sued a call for a meeting of the bodies
composing the council to be held on Au
gust 31 in the rooms of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association in the
Mills building. In the call he Bays:
"The council has been of service In pro
moting desirable measures for San Fran
cisco in particular and California in gen
eral and also in defeating bad meas
ures, and it is the judgment of nearly
all of the old members that it should be
continued. Its purpose Is to represent in
organized form the voice and power ot
the different commercial and industrial
bodies that compose it, and in this way
concentrate by its expression the moving
forces of the city. In naming your rep
resentatives in the body we ask you to
put forward your strongest men, to the
end that the council may be strong and
forceful and correct in its protests for
good and against evU."
The War in Pyrotechnics.
Although the war is ended, interest
In the events of the past few months Is
still at a fever heat. An opportunity for
the people of this city to satisfy their
longings for warfare without the discom
forts and dangers of the tented field
will be afforded at Central Park on Sat
urday night, when the first grand repro
duction of the destruction of the Maine
and the battle of Manila will be given.
It will be a scene of magnificent battle
pictures, truly representative of the his
tory of the late war.
Incidental to the production of the
scenes there will be required two com
panies of soldiers, a ballet of a hundred
coryphees, the Denovas in their great
aerial electric return act, the L.andros,
Marto, French and Queen on the spiral
bars, Cetellni, the equilibrist; De Armore,
the clown, and the five Hegley sisters, ri
vals of the famous Ballisters.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Ellee Borgwardt has applied for a di
vorce from Rhelnhold Borgwardt on the
ground of cruelty. S. £. Woodcock has
Bued his wife. Susan S. Woodcock, for a
dlvor.ce. As a cause of action the plain
tiff alleges cruelty. Frank E. Adams has
applied for a divorce from Stella A.
Adams on the ground of desertion.
THE NEW POSTOFFICE.
The First Consignment of Steel Col
umns Now on the "Way From
Pittsburg.
Superintendent of Construction Joseph
W. Roberts, of the new po9tofflce and
courthouse, will commence active opera
tions on the new building by the first
week In September. The first consign
ment of steel columns for the building Is
now on the way and will, it is expected,
arrive here about the first of next month.
As soon as the columns arrive Superin
tendent Roberts will start his men plac
ing the steel frame in place the founda
tion having already been laid. Assurance
has been given from the rolling mills in
Fittsburg that no delays will follow the
first shipment of the steel and Iron or
dered for the construction of the edifice.
The granite, which will be of California
production, will be ready to follow the
steel frame as fast as the work pro-
Superintendent Roberts says he will de
liver the new building over for occupancy
Inside of five years from the date or
setting up the first steel column.
Custom House Appointments.
Collector Jackson yesterday appointed
E. D. Kellogg as sealing officer, in place
of Charles Hoerschner. dismissed. E. L.
Simmons, a war veteran, was recom
mended for reinstatement in the place
left vacant by Kellogg 1 s promotion. X
A. Miller was taken from the eligible list
and appointed Assistant Weigher.
Electric Light Suit.
Suit -was commenced yesterday by the
Edison Electric Light and Power Com
pany against Charles L. Ackerman, J. \V .
Pauson and the Central Electric Light
and Power Company for a restraining
order against the use by the defendants
of a patent system of electric light dis
tribution.
Rabbi Mosessohn Will Lectur*.
Commencing Saturday, August 20. at
10:30 a. m.. Rev. N. Mosessohn, D.D.,
rabbi of the Shaari Zedek congregation
(Stockton-street synagogue) will hold a
series of lectures on the •'Biblical and
Post-Biblical Jewish Holidays, which
will terminate October 8.
Examination Postponed.
The Justices of the Supreme Court have
decided that the examination of the class
of applicants to practice as attorneys at
law, set for August 22. be postponed until
Tuesday. September 6.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 18.
Etrnr Pcotla. Hansen. 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Schr^Ncttle Ix)w, Jx>w, 6 hours from Point
Reyea - TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERB.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Fuerat
Bismarck, from Hamburg.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2525 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. T. _ ■$._
(Masonic Temple, Post and Montgom- TSBf*
cry sts.)— Regular assembly THIS IFS
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. ttaS
Order of the Temple. AH I raters are ▼
C ° rdlal1 SIR V JOHN P. FRA6ER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. ORAVEP. Recordy.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection .._.
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- _r
DAY) EVENING, August 19, at 8 A
o cloc . GEO J. HOBE. Secretary. «■»
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- w Cjf >.
brate the 127 th anniversary ..I the Jk, *_M*_l
birth of Sir Walter Scott on FRI- iJjjvXX*
DAY EVENING. August 19, lnj^O*
Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin st. Songs.' readings
from the works of the poet by well-known
artists. An address will be delivered by Mr.
I) Edward Collins on the "Life of the Poet."
Dancing at .l^p. m. 25^^
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v \T a*.
Lan Club THIS EVENING at BA, »M
o'clock, Scottish Hall. 11l Larkin > kOLX>
st JOHN REIP. Chief. **£?•
• .lAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society will be held In the parlors of
the Sailors' Home on WEDNESDAY. August
24 at 3 p. m.
' MRS. W. H. BARNES, Cor. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY. August 23, 1898.
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close Friday. August
19 IS9B. at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of directors. M. C. GORHAM. Secy.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
BAD~tenants~eJected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. H,artmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (BO cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1 IS9B. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26. IS»S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. C 8 (60c per
chare) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
. company 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day. August 20. 15.98.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13. 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
NO. 1 Canadian, also English girls, desire
situations to do cooking and housework; best
of reference. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Batter st. ■ j
WOMAN wishes housecleanlng by the day, $1
and car fare, no washing; or chamberwork
in hotel or lodging house part of the day;
sleep home; $4 a week. Apply at 545 Cali-
fornia st. \ ■ [
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position In
hotel, boarding-house or restaurant to help
In kitchen and wash dishes; $10. Address 9
■ Boston place, off First st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation for second work
and waiting: good references. Call between
10 a. m. and 3 p. m., 543 Natoma St., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG Swedish girl, not acquainted with
English language, desires position In private ;
place. Apply OV* Bowie aye., off Eleventh, i
below Howard. ■ ■ j
REFINED lady of good disposition would like
position as lady's helping companion or care
of invalid; references exchanged. Box 247.
Call office. ■" . '
WOMAN wishes a situation housework and
cooking; good references: wages $10 per
month. Address 924 Washington st., near
Powell.
RELIABLE, woman wishes work by the day
•washing or housecleanlng, or a steady place
by the month. Call 123 Olive aye., near Lar-
kin St., 2 days. I ■ •
COMPETENT , woman wants place as cook
or general work In small family. Apply 1131
McAllister St., near FUlmore; no cards.
TRUSTWORTHY elderly lady, Protestant,
wishes light place In nice family. Address 23
1 Ferric st. , off Point Lobo3 aye.; upper flat.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, week
or month; not afraid of work. Please call at
212 Eighth st. . ■ - ■ - : '•.'.■
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish draper
and designer, thorough dressmaker, , by the
. day. 830 Geary st. ■. . ■ - • -.. . -;- . - •
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes cooking and
general housework; wages $25. . 513 McAllister
st.',' near .Van Ness aye. -". >
FRENCH lady wants situation ias '■■ chamber-
maid In a country hotel. Box 1. Call office.
WOMAN wants housework in the country; is
a good cook.' 1 Essex place. ; ■--:■
WOMAN wishes . position as working . house-
keeper in the country. 415 Natoma st.
WOMAN, by the day,* washing, or cleaning. 176
; Seventh st. :,■ ■■:" •■ ... :.
WORKING housekeeper's position wanted;
-,' middle-aged woman. ; 22« Noe st. . i
SITUATIONS WANTED—
GERMAN girl wants situation for cooking and
general housework. 489 Fell at. ■ ** ■
WOMAN wishes flannels to wash; without
shrinking; also mending. 39 Fulton st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German widow,
without Incumbrances, good cook and careful
housekeeper, wishes position in small family.
Apply at 120 ivy aye. _____
LADY of experience and ability would like a
position as managing housekeeper in hotel
or lodging house; city or country. Address
box 711. Call Office. . ■
TRAINED nurse desires position to care for
' invalid; male or female; city or country. Ad-
dress Hyglea. box 68, Call Office.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work In a good family. Please call at 1309
Stockton st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged lady to do
chamberwork or as housekeeper. Call or ad-
dress 235% Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman as
, child's nurse or Invalid child's nurse. Call
1812 Van Ness aye.
MIDDJ_-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition to do housework or work in a boarding
house; wages reasonable. L., box 497, Call.
YOUNG. lady would like a situation as dress-
. maker. Address 409 Drumm st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class waitress and
parlor maid; city references. Z., box 711, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to do light housework-
sleep home. Address M. P.. 707 Clementina.
COLORED woman wants any kind of day's
work. 162 Clementina St., oft Third. V ■*,?
SEAMSTRESS, holding first-class city refer- J
ence, wishes a few more engagements; $1 25
a day; suits. $3 50. 1014 Union st. .
WOMAN with a girl 12 years old wants situa-
tion as cook or housekeeper; city or country.
Apply 929 Howard St.. San Francisco.
GERMAN girl wishes situation In a good fam-
ily; is a good cook. 142 Eighth st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. - :: i
SITUATIONS wanted— male.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beat help. 414% O Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WILLING young man, able to keep books,
wishes a start in a business house; employ-
er's terms accepted; best of references. Ad-
dress C, box 7, Call office, Oakland.
STEADY young man wlshe3 situation as
coachman or stableman; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses; city or country;
good references. Box 24«, Call office.
YOUNG man, 22 years old, wishes position as
(Assistant engineer; understands surveying;
*' good mechanic; moderate salary and perma-
nent place. Box 245, Call office.
WANTED Situation on gentleman's private
place as florist or anything required of a
thorough, practical man; Al references. Box
4, Call office.
GENERAL dry goods : salesman, speaking
French, Italian and English, desires situa-
tion; first rate references. Box 9999, Call.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and tool worker de-
sires situation; can give good references. Ad-
dress Blacksmith, box 2. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as assistant
plumber; has had some experience; refer-
ences Address J. L. V.. 20 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment about
private place; single; reliable; references.
Address box 248, Call office.
WORK wanted by sober, reliable roan, 28 years
of age; willing to do any kind of work. Ad-
dress W. 8.. 2296 Geary st.
BRIGHT German boy of good parentage wishes
to learn drug business. Please address Z.,
box 48. Call office.
YOUNG man, Scandinavian, can speak Eng-
lish, German, French, Spanish and Italian,
wants situation of any kind in hotel or else-
where. Address 506 Howard st.
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition in private place as gardener and man
about place. Address E. C, box 9, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
POSITION wanted In furniture or second-hand:
first-class hand In stove repairing, woodwork
or upholstering. 1510 Howard st.
WANTED — Employment before arid after
school hours; good references. Address W.
FAKER, 430 Bryant st.
CHINESE, flrst-clasa cook and good laundry-
man, wants place In family; wages $7 or $S
week. W. F., 1006 Stockton st.
WANTED— Position as engineer with some
mine or factory by a young man of steady
habits; can sharpen tools if necessary, or fill
any place about mine or mill; can give best
of " references. PERRY SHERMAN, El Do-
rado, El Dorado, Co., Cal.
RELIABLE man wants situation as valet,
servant, private secretary or tutor; aged 50
years; speaks French, German. Italian and
English; fair education; good nurse. Address
229 Fourth st. JOSEPH P. GRISON.
YOUNG man wishes situation as driver or any
' kind of work; quick at figures; good penman;
speaks English, French and Italian fluently.
S.. box 373, Call office.
SINGLE man wishes position as cook in board-
Ing house or hospital; 4 years in one place;
good references. Address box 5381, Call office.
PAINTER, whltener and glazier, first class,
wants work in hotel or large building by the
month, or would go as Janitor. Box 528. Call.
YOUNG man from the East wishes a position
as grocery clerk; experienced. 350 Thirteenth.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. D.,
812 Kearny st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus |
and baggage to and from ferry. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
day:
20 waitresses for first-class city and coun-
try hotels $20. $25
4 waitresses; choice city places $20
6 chambermaids to wait, city and country.s2o
2 lunch and dinner waitresses $20
4 restaurant waitresses $5 and $6
5 lunch waitresses We
Cook, small boarding-house $25
Polisher. $35, and fancy ironer, $35.
■ C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH house girl, small family, no wash,
$20. $25; German cook. $25; Swedish cook, $25;
cook and second for small American family.
$25 and $20; second girl, no waiting, must
sew. $20: and a number of girls for cooking
and housework In city and country, $15 ; $20,
$25; wash woman for Mondays, $1. C K.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT girl to mind baby and assist general
housework In small American family; no
office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AMERICAN waitress for Institution, $25; laun-
dress, private family. $25; 3 American. Ger-
man and French nurses, $20 and $25; 2 second
girls $20; German cook. $30; 5 cooks In Amer-
ican and German families. $25 and $30; ranch
cook. $20 3 cooks, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, ' $20, $25 and $30: kitchen helper. $15; 12
waitresses and chambermaids, hotels and res-
taurants, city and country, $20, $5 and $6
week and a large number of girls for all
kinds' of work In city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WOMAN to cook on fruit ranch, $25: girl for
charaberwork and waiting, country hotel, $20.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NURSE $25; second girl, $25; 15 housework
girls city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls! assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. . '
NEAT young girl, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. __ •
COOK, $30, no wash. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ■
GIRL, light housework, $12; sleep home. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
2 WAITRESSES. $20 per month; waitress,
Bakersfleld, $20; Hanford. $20: chambermaid
and waitress, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ■■■...■
GIRL for housework; American family; plain
cooking; $20; also upstairs girl, $12. 631 Lar-
king
6 WAITRESSES, food country hotels. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
I MILLINER who understands dressmaking;
I steady position to right party. Box 1004. Call.
! GERMAN girl to attend bakery, assist dining
. room; wages $15. 1515 Devlsadero st. ;■.
GIRL for general housework; plain washing.
I 1530 Fulton st.
i WANTED— GirI to assist with housework;
j sleep home. 1219 Webster st.
! YOUNG girl to help in light housework; can
| attend school. 776 Fulton st. ■
| TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 335 Sixth
; street.
■ MAN and wife for country place, $25; 5 girls,
! second work, $12 and $15. 1023 Market at. ■
' YOUNG German girl, light housework; sleep
home. 1053 Market st., opp. Hibernla Bank.
' GOOD finisher on custom coats. Apply 6 Eddy
j;■ St., room 102. . '...-.  ■
GIRL to assist with housework and take care
of 2 children. -\ 640 Golden Gate aye., room 10.
j GOOD finisher on pants. 343 Minna st.
— Operators on custom coats. 604
Jessie at, corner Seventh.
HBLI' WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fratt.
at CUTTING FRUIT PACKING CO., 1164
Harrison st.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit anfl
canning. Callfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
IMMEDIATELY, girl about 14 to assist with
general housework. 41 Hill St.
WANTED— Woman to do washing and house-
Work by the day. 437 Dolores St.. near 18th.
WANTED— GirI to do housework. 609 Polk st.
GißlTwanted to do light housework; wages tf
a month. 1137 Guerrero st. ___ >
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts;*
few Inexperienced hands taken and taugnt.
LEVI STRAUSS_& _CO.. 3CV_ Fremont st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 3448
Twentieth st.; call after 9 a. m.
GOOD talloress on coats and understand oper-
ating buttonholes. IP Eighth st., Oakland.
GERMAN working housekeeper, not over 40;
wages $20. 923 A Golden Gate aye.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Good girl to do cooking: German
preferred: wages $25. Apply 926 Grove st..
bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell' s, 103 Post.
MONTGOMERY. 527, corner Clay— Open until
9:30 o' cluck; branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WA.NTED-MALE.
WANTED— 2 furnace men for mine, $60 p«f
| month; 2 furnace men for another mine, $43
and found; laborers for furnace, no experi-
ence required, $2 per day; driver for mlik
wagon, near city, $20 and found; carpenter
for city, $2 50 to $3 per day; young German
for bakery in city, $15 to $18 and found;
farmers, milkerH and others. W. D. EWEK
& CO.. K_ Clay st :
WANTED— Cook and wife for institution, near
city, $60 per month, board, lodging and wash-
ing- cook and second for institution, $6u. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk wagon
In city; references required; $30 per m'jnth
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay at.
! MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
E dairymen, milkers and butter makers.. ■*■••
$30 and $23
9* farm" hands $26, $25 and $20 and found
6 choremen and boys for ranches, etc
$15 and $10 and found
$3 day Hay balers $3 day
6 men to hoe beans, etc $20 and found
TO THE WOODS AND SAWMILLS
18 laborers for mills and woods.. s2B and found
96 woodchoppers Si tie makers
$2 50 to $1 cord 8c to Uc each
Sailor for gentleman's yacht.... s2o and found
19 teamsters and laborers, city
$175 to $150 day
GOVERNMENT WORK
10 concrete laborers *2 50 day
12 men to blast and get out rock
TO ARIZONA
Eoi) men
ALSO
3 boys to learn city trade $3 week
Mr. and Mrs. Gorslen please report
3 butter makers and run separators. s3o and $-a
I MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FKKK FARE FREE FAREJ
36 2-horse teamsters $20 and found
FREE— FARE— FREE •••
MURRAY & READT, bS4 and 636 Clay St.
WE WANT ..COOKS TO-DAY
19 cooks for hotels, restaurants, coffee houses,
etc $55, $45 and $35 and found
ALSO
9 waiters $3u. $20 and $20 and found
Head waiter $30 and found, country hotel
5 dishwashers $25 and $20 and found
Porter, country hotel $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKEK. country shop $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MINKS TO THE MINES
36 laborers; no experience required; wa#es
from $2 50 day; special reduced railroad rates.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I FREE FARE FREE!
26 Muckers $1 75 dar
15 Pickers $1 7o day
MURRAY & READY. £34 and 636 Clay st.
PASTRY baker, country hotel, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay^s^
BROILER, $50; second cook, $30, country hotel;
head couk, $50: second cook. $35, same coun-
try hotel; cook and wife, both cooks, $tS;
meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $6T>;
cook, miners' boarding-house, $45; waffle
cook, country hotel, free fare. $35 a.nd found;
second cook, who can bake, $35 and fare paid;
cook, $12 a week; cook, $10 a week; night
cook, $8 a week; baker, hotel. $35; baker and
assistant on rajige country, $35; third hand,
baker. $30; 2 bakers' helpers, $25 and $17 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BELL boy with references, $30; bell boy, coun-
try hotel $15, city $10; boy to make himsell
useful around a country hotel office, $10 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITER, country hotel $30, country restau-
rant $30 and room, restaurant (city) $35. oys-
ter house $40 and $35. coffee house $9 a week,
city hotel $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
IRONER, hotel laundry, $40 and board; polish-
er. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
BEDMAKER and utility man for a resort, $20.
C. R. HANBEN *i CO., VM Geary St.
FRENCH-SPEAKING head waiter, $75. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary St.
GANG of laborers and a gang of teamsters
for the coast road; free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STEAMER sails this morning for Alaska;
laborers 30c an hour; fare $22 50; no con-
tract required. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Oeary st.
TWENTY teamsters for now railroad work in
California; free fare. C. R. HANSEN St
CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
THREE railroad tunnelmen. $2 60 a day. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— IO tlemakers: 8 laborers, for mines,
$1 75 to $2 'a day; miners, $2 50 a day; farm-
ers, $15 and $2ii; milker and choreman, $20;
farmer and wife. $3f> to $40. and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— American barkeeper, $30 and
found; nrst-class second cook for restaurant
In country. $50; cook for laborers' boarding-
house: cook for private family boarding-
house, country, $lv a week: night cook, $8 a
week. 3 neat waiters, city and country. $25
and $30, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
I WANTED— Man handy with tools and wife,
man to work In factory at $2 per day. wife
to board men at $1S per month: house and
utensilfl furnished. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Broiler. $50; cook. $10 a week: t
waiters, city, $35: waiter, $6 a week; dish-
washers, $10 to $25: man and wife for orch-
ard $40; laborer, $1 a day; assistant baker,
| $20:' and others. ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
STABLEMAN and drive, $:">; grocery clerk. $25;
I 2 quarrymen; 5 railroad laborers. $20; 2 cooks,
country, $50 and $30: tie makers, axmen and
woodchoppers; waiters. $25 and $6 a week.
R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
PRESSMAN to do half-tones in city. Apply
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
YOUNG man wanted to wash dishes and gen-
eral work. $4 per week, board and lodging.
Inquire 234 East St., Invincible Restaurant.
YOUTH for broker's office; just leaving school
preferred; premium required. 0., box 284,
Call office.
WANTED— At 14 Hayea st.. a live solicitor to
take orders for funeral pieces; liberal com-
mission. *
BARKER for Saturday, must be good, $3. 623
Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
may be steady. 239 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker for the country. J-
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Operators on custom coats. *>4
: Jessie st., cor. Seventh.
MAN to work In kitchen and house. 313 Forty-
ninth aye. _
BOY to wash dishes. 621 Montgomery et.
WANTED— Men to learn barbeTTrade ; easy
terms. IM2 Market st. .
DISHWABHER wanted at 210 First st
MAN for housework who would appreciate good
home. 24 Howard st.
GOOD wafter wanted at 613 day st
2 CLOTHlNG~__lesm^rwanted In San Fran-
cisco and one In each county In every stata
to take orders for our $.' to M 0 made-to-meaa-
ure suits and overcoats: live men without ex-
perience can make $150 per month; » y°« can
furnl3h satisfactory reference we will furnish
a complete sample line and outfit and start
you at work at once. For particulars address
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enter-
prise building, Chicago.HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
. rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
• unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
• SO years, who are citizens of the United
• States, or those who have legally declared
■their intention to become such; must be of
jE<>od character and habits and able to speak,
read ami write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
•. Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
.WAITED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
- runs Denver Houoe, 217 Third st. : 150 largo
r"-'-«; Xc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Salesman for furniture department;
one that keeps stock: also wrap and pack
■ •furniture. Apply 623 Market st., room 7.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
. . m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
• FUCHS. Bee, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED- Men to sell sausages, hams and ba-
con on commission or salary. Call at 236
' . Sixth Bt.
ABLE and ordinary seamen at HANSEN'S, 17
. Vallejo st.
-.HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. LIEBOLD HAR-
. NESS CO.. 211 Larkln st. ______
SPINNERS wanted. Address Oregon City
Woolen Mills. Oregon City. Or.
'■MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
. soling, 85c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
•TO Coatmakers -wanted. Apply at
• 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
COAL miner.- who have worked in pitch vein
. wante-. Apply to TESLA COAL CO.. room
'; til; $38 Montgomery st. '-■:.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
Et.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 28c per
• night; tiOc, SOc and $1 per week. _____
• MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
• jewelry a' UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN' S. '.''"> Steuart.
■ M.EN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
• Francisco Barber College. 13SH: Eighth st.
{JAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
: room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis St.
•TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2.'> c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter at.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 7:.c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard
V. INCHES HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
• Mark 200 rooms. 25c night: reading-room;
•free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
8: . HAVES ST.— Branch office of. The Call.
FiibFcrlptlnns and ads taken.
AGENTS AVANTED.
.GLASS show cards, signs, transparent and
■ otherwise; good commission. Room 10, 531 j
. California st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
• . chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
• COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. T.I. Mint 1904.
IT. BAT'M buys furniture and general mer-
. rhanJlse. 10S7 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
HOUSES WANTED.
'WANTED— Furnished house; central; Sutter
'- st ' preferred: for September 1. Address
; 'FRANCIS STUART, box --. Call office.
. :B«(»>1>: B«(»>1> AND I)ll\ICl) AVANTED.
! GENTLE, proficient musician, excellent plan-
- -ist. -offers instruction for meals or room. Ad-
dress box 243, Call office. . .
LADY wants bnard and lodging In home of
. geHtle people in Par. Francisco. D. E., box
' 9-. Call -office. Oakland.
;••• ." WANTED— MISCELI AN__OL'S.
••"WANTED— Driving horse, harness and buggy.
.; .1..- box 5. Call office. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC end magic lantern appa-
■ ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery St.
77. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
.- .cash and $G per month, we ask you to invest '■•
t;_.ie an.l approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
.'in-gocd second-band uprights upon same easy
'■ payments and some good pianos 'or 12, $4 and
• $.1 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
' ■ Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
.•' "st?.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
. . JJ'rca'dwny. Oakland. . --
ABSOLUTELY the ohJest and largest house
'"west, of Chicago Is KOHLER ": CHASE'S.
25:, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
. ; a.l other musical Instruments of all grades
" end prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
"• :. thins possible done to please and satisfy the
•; customer.
CLEARANCE sale — To make room for car-
■'..l^ads corr.ln? we 1 111 sell a large lot of
, new and second-hand pianos cheap for cash.
: TJn.- saies on easy terms. The J. Dewing
•-•'Company, 12 Flood bull-lr.R.
:il-AP.SHALL & WENDELL. $73; C. Hall,
."• $100; Bradbury. $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling.
$I*s; Estey. $130; guaranteed; easy payments.
.-. DKNJ. CURTAZ _ SON. Chic_ering agents,
•'lfi O'Farrell St.
FOR. the next SO days pianos will be sold for
■'. cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
- MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Market St.; they
'■■are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO . Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
■ P.ripßs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
." rio Interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
. GOOD square Btelnway piano cheap. Call at
"'•2O Dovlsadero ft . between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.
•A— .s6o; UPRIGHT; J." Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
•ELEGANT n<*w pianos for rent, $2 HO month.
■. ECOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., ECO Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
■■ .all. W- C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
' "AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE, 13S Ellis st.
A. GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hibernla Hank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
.-•• LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
■SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
' MULLKR, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK 8 news for 5 cents— The Weekly
• . Cnll, in wrapper, for milling. _^
~ HORSES.
LARGE a»«ortment of work, draught and driv-
Ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st. ' . ■ ""
.40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
. ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
' day. . SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
V kinds: 40 hor<«pß: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia nt.
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
: for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and oyen
buggy. also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
■_'. .] Harness Co., 211 Lark In. opp. City Hail
• FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
■ INTO'SH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st,
.PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
..' pYoJectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 938-946 Market.
TWO mules, harness and covered spring: wagon
.". $?0. 1526 Walnut fit.. Alameda.
■PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
' projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-052 Market.
"OLD buildings and lumber bought and _old.
Apply Ellis, near Buchanan, or Royal House.
■ • t2C Ellis st. F. J. FRENCH _ CO.
.CARLOAD of fine cow. and -mail milk route.
_._______>_ ol__ve., In«!e-!de.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
• • fn . c *. furniture an.l fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. £%s£*' 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
.LARGE pipe organ; turns by hand- cheap
Merry-go-round. Polk and Vallejo sts. CneaP "
SECOND-HAND belting, puTTeysTshafting, en-
_Klnee, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house mover, deal-r second hand
• buUdtni material 1121 Mission; tel. So. 757.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand ; all
sizes; half original cost 103-ui Market, S. F.
•BARS, show cases, counters] shelving etc
■ bought and sold. 10C3 Mission gt., nr Seventh!
 : SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer I and White
• cheup; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought sold-
•• machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
. ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged! rented"-
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
•. BICYCLES.
BIG saTl'r-e. second-hand bicycles; first come,
first ferved. J. HOLLE. 20th and Folgom sts.
I'HY.SK IA.NS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, Office and residence,
190- Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$2400 — CORNER Market-st. saloon; among
wholesale houses: finest In its line; best class
of trade: bears close Investigation; trial
given; good reasons for selling. M. LESS,
"65 Market st. _____ w
$600— DELICACY store ' north of Market st. ;
old-established; present owner there 9 years;
a rare bargain; fine location. M. LEfab. 765
Market st. . .'■ -
STATIONERY, notion and variety stor-s
north of Market st. - 4 living-rooms: cheap
rent: fine opportunity; old-established trade.
M. LESS. 766 Market St.
A— s22s; PARTNER wanted in well-paying res-
taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
reliable help: trial given to suitable Party.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market st., opposite Phe-
lan building. .'
$350— CIGAR stand, laundry office: north of
Market: fine fixtures, clean stock: a snap;
owner has other business. M. LEbt>. iU
Market St., opposite Pholan building.
$225— CORNER. cigar stand on Kearny St.; old
established; receipts $9 to $11 per day; rent
$15; sold at sacrifice. M. LESS. 765 Market.
}S5O; cigar, store close to the Emporium;
fine location; good business; excellent bar-
gain. WILKE. 753% Market St., new No. <■
$600— BAKERY in lively country .own: baking
average daily IV4 barrels; horse, wagon; rent
$25- a first-class offer and splendid opening.
WILKE, 545 Market st. .
$2200— CORl.'ER saloon In choicest downtown
location; kept by owner the last 12 years and
doing- a first-class paying business; owner to
retire; investigate at once: a very rare
chance. WILKE. $43 Market st.
$Tooo-SALOON In very best location; close to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $.0.
Particulars WILKE, 782 Market St.; new
number. 845.
A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln St.;
established many years; known ac a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business investment
of owner. Particulars WILKE. .iiVn Mar-
ket Bt.; new number 845.
$55(V-CITY front saloon; bargain: disagreement
of partners cause of tale. McLAL'uHLIN &
CO.. 777 Market st.
$450— COAL oil and gasoline route; good horse
and wagon: will clear $100 per month. . MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$2000— Drug store, best part of city; more than
full value in stock; leaving the State cause of
sale. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
A— lo RELIABLE men wanted with $500 to
$1000 each to Invest In one of the most pros-
perous enterprises on this coast; security
Klven- will guarantee 500 per cent profit; this
week only. KREDO - CO., 22._ Geary st.
A— s7 BRANCH bakery and notions; also $350
branch bakery. KREDO. & CO. ,
KAKXY-st. cigar stand: good business;
a bargain; must be sold. KREDO & CO-.. 22VJ,
Geary st. -
$325 — CORNER butcher shop; Western Addi-
tion: does cash business of $20 daily; rent $15.
BTENBERQ & CO., 26H Kearny st.
HIGHEST ca»h prices . paid lor restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks: quick sales.
STENBERG & CO., 26^. Kearny st.
$250— CORNER saloon on leading business
etreet; 4 living rooms; rent $20. Particulars
City Agency (JONES & SEARLL). 865 Market.
$125 WlLL"secure for bright, enterprising man
an Interest In a new commodity; no opposi-
tion. JONES & SEARLL, 565 Market st.
SALOON and lodging house; well furnished;
must sell; offer wanted. GUS STRAND, 30
Kearny st. ' •
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $1S to $30 a week
each. Apply from 3 to 5 p. m., 8 Geary, r. 2.
GUS STRAND. 30 Kearny St.; buy. sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
EXCELLENT chance for right party; well es-
tablished gloves, feathers and clothes clean-
ing works; worth $500; sell if taken Imme-
diately for $150. Apply 154 Octavia.
FOR Sale— A long established merchant tailor
business; the proprietor retires from business
on account of going to Europe. JOHN RED-
LEY. 340 Third Bt.
EXPRESS business, 30 years established; make
offer. Northeast cor. pine and Montgomery,
stand. Residence, 235 Dorland St.
DRUG store; money maker; bay town: bar-
gain: monopoly; $1200; ' terms. Address S.,
box 3, Call office. .. . :
LADY In legitimate business wishes gentleman
to buy hall' interest. Address box 242. Call.
$50 ONE- HALF interest in cigar stand at 117
O'Farrell ft. for sale. ■ ■
FOR "Sale— Restalirant 'range cheap. Apply 18
East st . ' " .
CANDY and cigar store; 3 rooms; furniture;
cheap rent; exchange for camping outfit or
cheap for cash; cause of sale sickness. 528
Third st.
ELEGANT store fixtures, counters, shelving,
etc.; suitable grocery or drug store; cost
$100; price $S5; must sell. 1180 Brdwy, Oaklnd.
BARBER shop for sale; must be sold this
week: going in other business; revolving
chairs. Inquire Call office.
RESTAURANT; Just the place for man and
wife; cheap if taken this month. Apply 357
I? lyes st. . <'.;.,
JSOO DRUG store; owner going East; fine place
for doctor. Apply at 206 Sixth st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire 650 Sacramento st., nr. Kearny.
$250— FRUIT and grocery business, horse & wa-
gon; must sell. 317 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— A partner for good ' business. Ad-
dress A. b., box 711, Call office. ' "
FOR Sale, and must be sold— Hotel, 26 rooms;
furnished; large let goes with building. Call
at 256 Third et. bet. 12 and 1 p. m.. get terms
and make offer. Any reasonable proposition
will be considered. .;'': *
OLD established barber shop; fine- location; no
reasonable offer refuged. Address Barber
Shop, : cor. Little Market and Basset- sts..
San Jose. • ■ • .- ■ -
MILK depot; 2 routes, 35 cans; good cash busi-
ness; horses and wagons. Box 23, Call branch
office. 106 Eleventh st.
FOR Bale— Oyster saloon; good location; cheap
rent; bargain. 229 Fourth st.
MONrTT en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$1500— WANTED, 3 active young men with first-
class references to complete party of 8 for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine islands;
' object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address box .22, Call office. ■ ■
A NEATLY fitted up, good paying employment
office; house renting and business opportuni-
ties: price $350; gelling account- 111 health.
Address Call Office, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
change. for small Improved place In country:
long- established, well-paying hardware ana
variety store; center of city- A., box 293, Call.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
duce stock if necea-ary. 621 K. 12th,. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar; established 40 years; pres-
ent owner 20 years; sickness cause or sale.
Eighth and Harrison, opp. Recreation ParK.
$500— BOA house with 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarders: trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J.. box 4. Call office. Oakland.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
land; cheap for cash. P.. box 1, Call. Oakland.
FOR Hale-Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
~ lodginGjS -ipt 'gJeajg.^oßg-'JAXBriB
A Kl'-EDO &CO ■■■■^■k^J^Arh^'
....MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
105 rooms; best paying In -ity.... ♦""«
00 room.; apartment; clears $150 30UO
34 rooms; fine corner; half ca5h........... '^
23 rooms; clears $75 m0nth....... |-"
20 rooms; two entrances; Market.. M
11 rooms Geary; doctor pays rent........ 550
9 rooms; also 8 rooms; bargains 2g
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO
& CO. ; —
A— Bo ROOMS; clears 2 ?-v";*:'fi"'"""""*i9OO
S r =; ffi 1 : ,Uusr^me:sffe:::: »
40 rooms; elegant; part cash, a snap .^.
[I r^^XrUr/ £Sf&r*g*£ ™
ROOEM4 HTDB. 1208 Market st. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for 11. C. Decker.^
H. C DECKER/ 1020 Market st opp. Fifth.
Spas ssssg 'Sifei B
SiSSS, 5". r ,"V» ;-S^,.-.v«,-,»:: ' T
8-room flat; near City Hall £"
STENBERG & C 0.. . . . .......86*. .86* KEARNY. ST.
23 rooms; clears $70; centra 1................ $700
8 rooms sunny corner; clears $30.. 300
21 rooms Third st.;. family houee.... • 1000
18 rooms; , corner; big bargain.. ..... ....... «C 0
ii ™mr owner's ' 5 years; N. MarKet hi.,
othe^barlaTns. STENBERG. 26*: Kearny.
$200— LODGING-HOUSE; bargain on account of
slcknVss. MCLAUGHLIN I CO.. 777 Market.
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city. • 342
Taylor st. . ' ■ ■ - ■ ___„-_
T YPBWifIfBRS.
ALLTypewritrers sold and rented; few partly
use<s for sale cheap : serxi for samples and
■ prices. ALEXANDER & CO. ,_UO_ Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callsxaph. $15: Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
■■ ■ . y - . ■ - - ■ . " - _ -
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
nOUSES TO LET.
MASON. 809, near Pine— of 8 large sunny
rooms; bath and gas; low rent to good tenant.
OLIVE aye., 113. near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, . three-story.
RESIDENCE. 10 rooms. 703 Taylor St., near
Putter; residence, 11 rooms. 607 Stockton st.,
near Pine. Inquire room 614, Call building.
SCOTT, 251. near Page— Modern sunny house,
. S rooms, $35; water free; new.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
AN 8-room modern house, completely fur-
nished. $45; adults only. Apply 112 Scott St.,
/iear Haight. . {.'.••»..-'/''.,.-'
$15— FURNISHED cottage 4 rooms and bath;
yard, basement 3522 Nineteenth Bt. UMB-
'SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN. 422. near Third— 2 nice nats~oif4
and 3 rms. each; newly renovated; rent cheap.
BRYANT, 1101 — nice rooms; large yard; $9.
DEVISADERO, 120S— Flat of G rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; yard; laundry; desirable.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms;
bath; near City Hall.
FURNISHED flat to let; - large sunny rooms
and attic. 705 ABhbury at. .
GEARY, 1135, between Van Ness and Frank-
— Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms; bath.
HARRIET, 31. off Howard, near Sixth — 4-
room flat and bath, $10.
LARKIN. 2509— Lower flat of 5 rooms and bath;
large yard; $16.
LYON, Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
call forenoons.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia—
upper flat of 3 rooms in rear; $7.
RARE chance; a 5-roomed sunny flat; modern;
$17; also 6 or 7-roomed for $20. Apply 112
Scott st., near Haight.
TAYLOR, 407— well furnished lower flat of 3
rooms.
TO LET— Handsome lower flat, 6 rooms. 738
Fourteenth St., near Market.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms. IC2 Clementina St.; rent
$10- _^_
POST. 625, near Jones— of 7 rooms and
bath.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 OR 4-room Bat, with large yard; also fur-
nished room for single person. 11 Harlan
■ place, off Grant aye., near Sutter. • .
C ROOMS, new, sunny, modern; rent $21. 1067
Fell .«t., near Scott.
$9 UPPER flat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., nesr Laguna st.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms: rent $11 and $14. 6A
and S'-s Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
$16— SAN JOSE aye.. 143, nr. 24th— New modern
flat. 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath:
mirror mantels: Sl6.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 657- -3 unfurnished or partly furnished
sunny connecting rooms with bath.
FELL, 452—2 nice furnished single rooms, with
use of kitchen; one $4 and one $3.
GEARY, 610 — Newly furnished bay-window
room; single rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 106?— Sunny rooms to let; housekeep-
ing, single and suites; rent reasonable.
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
A WORTH, 617. near Geary— 2 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely fumlsned
room for housekeeping.
MINNA. Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
MISSION, IsS— Large sunny basement furnish-
ed complete; rent very cheap.
MISSION, 834— Front sunny housekeeping
room, $3; also single rooms.
MISSION. 1218— Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
MISSIOjN, 1729 ' A —Room for housekeeping; fold-
Ing I'd; stove; bath; laundry; $6; other rms.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS 15
Grant aye. . -
OAK, 12— Large sunny front room, suitable for
■ housekeeping; private family: cheap.
POLK.* Sunny suite, housekeeping, unfur-
nlabe<y also sunny furnished single; cheap.
POLK. 1002. corner Geary — Modern family apart-
ment house; 3 rooms, first floor, completely
furnished, houaekpng. $25; 2, $15. $17 50; ref.
EHOTWELL, 606B — » cozy sunny connecting
rooms; hot and cold water; $15.
BUTTER 114?— sunny suite or 2 rooms for
• light housekeeping; gas, bath; moderate.
TURK, 643 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping; pas and bath; $14.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
also single rooms.
VAN NESS aye., BIS— Two sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, with bath; $U.
VAN NESS aye., 1021, near Geary— Front sunny
suite*. 2 rooms and kitchen; gas range.
339 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taker.
OAKUM) HOCSEKEKPIKG BOOMS.
WINDSOR^ Hot el— Rooms without board; ac-
co'mmodatlons for cooking. i"th & Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. -Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
ACornA Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.: trunks
moved to any P-Vt of city. 25c; tel. Main 49.
a— <?FLECT home; Hotel Florence. 102 Ellis,
.Powell; "elevator; baths; best attention.
a_<;tOCKTON. 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single: facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. : baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Poat— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel: every convenience;
elevator; transient; near principal clubs.
BKANNAN. 720, above Sixth-Sunny front
ro om and kitchen; furnished; $8.
BUSH 613 (The Grenoble)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite; central; reasonable.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny parlor suit© with kitchen
If desired. | ,
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellin, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reaicnable.
DEI AWARE 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished Bl'ngle and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
pnnY 212 (The Lexington)— 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
FTFTH 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms: also housekeeping.
-•OLSOM 820, near Fourth— Jl week and up;
nice clean. sunny single and double rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; mi -twite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
rMTATTY 405 (The Navarro)— Elegant furnished
room suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. _
GEARY 406—1, 2 or 3 nice unfurnished or with
carpets down rooms or offices; reasonable.
r~ARY 4ss— Gentleman desiring to live In sun-
shine, 'call and see corner suite.. E. .A. HOP-
KINS.
GEARY, Two cozy single rooms nicely
furnished;, bath; $4 and $3.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to*s4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1016. nr. Laguna— Newly
furnished sunny front room for 2: bath; $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1016, nr. Laguna— Newly
furnished sunny front room for 2; bath; $12.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator;, moderate rater; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house: $160 to *6 per week.
HARRISON, TB4H— Finely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; quiet home;
$1 weak. ■ - |
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth - Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
LEWIS. 18. oft Taylor, • nr. Post— unfur-
nished sunny room and kitchen; reasonable.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
ATOM A, 319— 2 housekeeping rooms; furnish-
ed or unfurnished. -■ .
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms ; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, .eek or month.
PAGE. — Single and double rooms, $3 to $8
' .per month; private family.
POLK. 1205. near Sutter— Nice sunny rooms,
single or en suite; moderate rent.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST 909— Pleasant sunny rooms; single and
double: newly furnished; quiet neighborhood.
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SCOTT 113 — 2 large sunny connecting rooms;
partly' furnished; gas; alcove; bath.
i HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TURK, 127 — Nice large light parlor; sultablo
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty room: hot and cold;
ga«; bath; $10; larger
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento — Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD
AT HYDE, 408— Sunny single room, with board
$1S; also alcove room; raa. ; private family.
ELLIP 51S— Nice eunny rc-oms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
ELLIS, 826— Nice sunny suite, suitable for 8 or
4 gent«, with or without board.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 169— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy — Select family board-
Ing hou^e; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-Kt. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; ringle rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boards. ;
warm bait; large grounds; sunny rooms: reas.
VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye., 712— Large sunny front suites;
single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye., 1000— Large sunny front single
rooms: other rooms; good table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; mother's care; reas' able. 624 Turk.
CHILDREN or infants boarded, mother's care;
references; moderate. 2126 Magnolia st.. Qakln.l
STORES TO LET.
i-iiR.NKR store on O'Farrell ct.. suitable for a
bakery; oven, etc.; choice location; rent very
low. HOOKER & LENT, 14 I'ost St.
FINE store living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkln st.; $14. Apply 102 Eddyj^
FOR rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
duce business; good location: low rent. In-
quire room 614, Call building^
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts. ; fine
etand for saloon or French liquor store.
STORE to let— 44B Thlrdjst^
$9— STORE and living room at 327 Noe st. ; pros-
perous neighborhood.
$16— STORE, with 3 living rooms. 275 Sanchez,
next public school : l:ey 331 Sanchez st.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAOUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush et..
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branche»;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship. $60; low
rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: f>oc an hour; excellent planlat and ae-
companlst for entertainments and vocalists.
11 IS (vtavla st.
PIANO instructions, $1: singing. $160 a les-
son. A. A. EDGERLY, care San Francisco
Music Co., 22D Kutter St.
IW'IVF.KSITY Coa>t— Newell Perry Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atbarton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
!nt', neeh. survey, assay, archlt.'; day & ere.;
est. 1564. VAN DEB NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology', Shakespeara
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE. planlat, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. M 4 Geary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. DavteH,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cur* guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIEB. U2B Market
Et. : pills, Jl; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fect f; taken in time It also acts ac a pre-
vent !•:>: price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Clrant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WIPE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. T. ;
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy gt. ; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities <f-om whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $6; pllU, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent ana used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure $6; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1313 Oolden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with evary
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD UROB., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
SKIN disease from whatever cause radically
eur*d within two weeks; no pay asked until
cured. Address G. A., box 7133, Call office.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 166 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puet«; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 264<£ Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market st., diseases of women
and children.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 SO a year.
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
name of ALBERT J. BUCHANAN, No.
IS9-1458. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— P. C. S. C. ticket, first-class, to Seattle.
Reward at 476 Jessie s^
LOST— Scotch collie pup about 3 months old,
named Dewey, license No. 1581. A suitable
reward will be given If returned to 1150 Ful-
ton st.. cnr. Scott.
BANK book. Return to Humboldt Bank, or
110 Powell St.; reward^
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco. In the
name of Cornelia Sullivan, No. 218,421. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— J dogs, a Newfoundland and blood-
hound. J. FREY. IC2S San Bruno road.
TO LEASE.
X^n^old^buUdTni of the Y. M. C. A., 231
Sutter st.; long leace; very low terms; caa
be rented as a whole or In divisions; larg*
and splendid looation; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON A BURKE.
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel near city; good
ODDortunlty. R. T. WARD A CO., 008 Clay.
PERSONALS.
IRISH Fair grand chorus volunteer singers
wanted; attend rehearsal to-night at Kohler-
Chase Hall. 26 O'Farrell st. J. W. McKenzle.
WILL any old miners of the early '50' a who
knew Morris Ingtftm or John Hanks, from
years '6! to '56, write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer, Paducah, Ky., or answer through
paper?
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
I HAVE great satisfaction In the realization of
artistic halrdrensing done here for 25c; hair
restored to its natural color. $1 50 up:
switches, $1: fine, $3 50: extra. $5; open Sun-
day 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1286 Market
•*., furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances in English,
Italian, German and French. ■■ •■
LEDERER' Quinonla will cure that dandruff.
G. LKDERER, 111 Stockton st. _:
PILES; Frelling's Piles Salve— Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per ■ box. Residence - 1628
Devlsadero st., near Sutter at.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $1 CO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
B ITS to order, on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. V: TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity: lessons given. 1515 A Howard st.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt,. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKEItS.
SAX FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 8 Eddy at., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
MARVELOUS TESTS!
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.;
cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil influ-
ences; locates mines, burled treasures, etc.
guarantees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and " happy marriages.
■';.;--- OMAR
Guarantees success In all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 325 Eddy St., 325.
• MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrvi-ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Tours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
rrtlsfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
' for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 20. 12C6 Market street.
Attention! PROF. H. ROMAINE,
The Oriental Seer.
— Late of India.
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER—
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything: reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates buried treasures in five
days; never fails; $2 consultation $1 this
week. Letters containing stamp answered.
Offices, 1206 Market st. Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. f~
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c, gents $l;palm. andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI; ycur fortune told by
chlrojtraphy. $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA, medium and card reader;
10c: ladles only. 23 Ash aye. v-" :-"-
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the r.-ell-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
O. A KRAI'S, medium: astrology and palmis-
try: sittings daily. 334 Eddy st. ~.*?.AJ.
MRS ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1: clr. Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m.; Mon. 8; 28c
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dully. 212 M, Sixth st. ■
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halrht at. - -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton at.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1133.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction '. and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up: all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth.
I>R~ LUDLUM~HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh ; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable: gag given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market at.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. MS Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRIBTIB. 8 Mason St.. cor. Market.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— l,' the under-
signed, do hereby certify that I Individually
constitute the firm doing business as C. W.
R FORD & CO.. as silk and tailors trim-
mings merchants; that the principal place of
business of said firm is at 116 Sutter street,
in the City and County of San Francisco, and
that the name of said firm is C. W. R. FORD
A CO.; and that the full name and residence
of the Individual member of paid firm is the
undersigned, JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, Lou
Angles, State of California- " fTr ..■>.;■-;
JACOB M. SCHNEIDER.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— BB. -.•.," ...
On the 9th day of August, In the year one
thousand eight hundred j and . ninety-eight, be-
fore me, W. T. HESS, a notary public in and
for the said city and county, residing therein,
duly commissioned and sworn, personally
appeared JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, known to
me to be the person described In, whose name
is subscribed to and who executed the an-
nexed instrument, and he acknowledged that
he executed the same.
In witness whereof, I heave hereunto set
my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco the day and year in this certificate first
abov^ written. i W. T.HESS.
Notary public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, 1015
Claus Bpreckels building. . - '.
Indorsed: Filed August 10, IS9B. C. .F.
CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk. *
™ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing seals for use in
cording and sealing packages of merchandise
In bond, and locks, for bonded warehouses.
Treasury Department. August 12. Sealed
proposals are Invited until 2 o'clock p. m..
Tuesday September 27, IS3S, for furnishing
seals for use In cording and sealing packages
of dutiable merchandise, and for locks for
securing bonded warehouses. Proposals
should be accompanied by samples of the ar-
ticles referred to and should state the "prices
at which the same will be delivered at any
express or freight office at the place of man-
' ufacture, boxed and ready for shipment. - At
least. two sample locks and two dozen of the
devices offered for securing packages should
be submitted with each proposal. . Due ex-
amination will be made of and full consider-
ation given to the merits of all devices which
may be submitted. ' Proposals should -• "be
marked: "Proposals for devices for cording
and sealing packages," or : "Proposals for
locks for bonded ■ warehouses," as the case
maybe. No special form of proposal is
prescribed or furnished by the department.
The right •Is reserved 'to reject any ior - all
■ bids and to waive Informalities. L. J. GAGE.
Secretary. . ■ - __^_i_i__ii_i£_
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving" Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
FURNITURE, ' trunks, etc. Golden West ■■ Stor-
ace : Warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
?90— 75x100— N. S. Fourteenth aye. south. 150 feet
W. J st. south, lot 14, block 269, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa-
tion.
*So— 25x125-S. S. Thrift st., 355 feet W.Capitol,
Railroad Homestead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
2 FINE corners, partly improved, near the Mis-
sion High School. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO., 1709 Market st.
$3600— $500 CASH, balance Installments: a
large 6-room 2-Ftory house with high flntshed
basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro «.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— 6 cows with range, hous» barn,
wagon and two horses; 2 hours' drive from
city; cash rent; will assist for starter. Ad-
dress box 169, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOOXAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confldenti*l: no commls-
eion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell bt.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate: 3d
and 3d mortgages, estate-, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: nn removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery St.
OAftAND IDJpTISpNTS.
OFFICE— 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
|H ("ASH, balance monthly; cottage of 3
rooms and larse barn; tot ."0x133:6; 2 blocks
from Adeline station; price $900.
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St., Oakland. Cal.
FORECLOSURE b-rgalns offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. I_sl Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
SNAP: lot 72x135. right in Berkeley. $450; cash.
L. M. SALSBURY. 902 Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
DUbll'v property looked after. 814 Rroadwn-
OARLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old utore. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
OH ATM AN, SOS 27th St., nr. San Pablo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1800— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; t rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice bouse; S rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled l-story
bouse; 6 rooms and bath.
Jlf>no — Lot 40x100; 2-story: T rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42x150; elee^nt new modern cottar*;
1 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elc_ant corner lot. with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at ence to
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 1432 Park st . Alamwin.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIG BARGAIN. $1300— Fine house 6 rooms,
hath, city water: lot 60x135: one block from
Herryman station; choice location; forced sale
to close estate. WARREN CHENEY, oppo-
site station, Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR TRADE— y-room cottage near electric
cars; short waik to U. C. grounds. Address
2223 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; ccilection_. G. W.
HOWE. att> -at-law. !>5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. AUy McCabe, 103 LarkJn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. \V.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consutatlon free; no fees in advance.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale in partition— ln the Superior
Court ol' the City and County of San Friin-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. C_uso
No. 62.117.
Notice is hereby given that under and In
pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and
caust, and thereafter, to wit, on the tith day
of April, lSvs, duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of suid
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parlies to suiJ action, as sole referye in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
iviil property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
nuch referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1SL«8. at the hour of twelve U2)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of ti. 11. Umbeen & Co., at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
vSun Francisco, State of California, aell at
public auction In separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
coin, and subject to continuation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lotß, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
tUate of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
First — Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna street twenty-live (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(SO) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five <25) feet, thenue at right angles
southeaetarly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second — Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street ■vyith the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eIK-ty-seven and six-twelfths
(S7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
i Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streetß (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
Ni\v Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty <K>) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (So> feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly alons the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(i"9 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
b.-ing a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (S).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly lino of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) foet. thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
.lre.l and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the ipiprovements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 189$.
(i. H. UMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
DINKELSPEIL & GESFORD,
Attorhevn for Plaintiff. Kn. 805 Claus Spreck-
els Building, San Francisco.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 230.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULPINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama et. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 463
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at Sc.
STRATTON, S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. i:. I_TC___U_ Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
____________________________
HAKKIAU E LI C_ WS— B.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Davlde D. OHO— 0 and Antonia Lemenza, 22-23
John G. Renney and Isabel Brown 2r>-15
Malcolm Macdonai.l and Sarah A. Welr..2«-33
Gustavus S. Nye and Mary E. Theisen. .3:'-3't
Michael Mulrr>oney and Sarah Farrtrvgtnn.2S
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b«
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
BORN.
BOLGER— In this city. August 17. IS9B, to th»
wife of James Bolger. a daughter.
DIED.
Boudan, Louis Kafka. Aida
Butler. Mrs. Jane Langford, Thomas R.
Corthay, Henry M. Lindsey, Josephine
Doyle, Henry Lucy. Jamts \\\
Donnelly. Peter E. Maloney. Sargent
Eaton, CharUs H. Pratt, Hannah _
Foster, Theresa Riley, Ellen
Greer, John B. Step. Simion
Harrison, Thomas D. Ulshofer, George
J.-wett. Thomas M. Williams. Robert i
Kauffmann, S.
BOUDAN— In this city, August 17. IS9B, Lou» i
beloved husband of Annie Boudan, son J
Alcide Boudan, and brother of Mrs. Mai_|
Dv Py and Mrs. Louise Perette. a native 4B
San Francisco, uged 36 years 5 months and I
days.
(t-7Frienj« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Gv.d«tu, 3u3 Montgomery aye., thence to
the Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctoires. and
to Native Sons' Hall. 41i Mason tstivet, where
sen-ices will be held under the auspices of
California Parlor No. I. N. a G. W. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city, August 18, IS9B. at her
residence, 719 Turk strtet, Mrs. Jane Butler,
mother of A. B. Butler of Fresno, Mrs. J.
M. Clancy and L. K. Butler of Philadelphia,
Mrs. C. H. Caulfleld, Mrs. J. I>. Ofbotne and
Mary A. Butler of San Francisco, aged 71
years.
EyNotice of funeral hereafter.
CORTHAY-In this city. August 17. IS9B, Henry
Herino, beloved son of the late Louise and
Catherine M. Corthay, and brother of C.
W.. George and E. M. Corthay, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 3 months and
£6 days.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S. O. W\. are
respectfully invited to attend the services
this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, under the auspices of Alcalde Parlor No.
1f.4, X. S. O. W. The remains will be for-
warded this day on the 4 o'clock train to St.
Helena, where funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday* at 3 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Helena Cemetery-
DOYLE— In San Mateo, August lfi, 1898, Henry,
beloved husband of Jane A. Doyle, a native
of Ireland, aged 56 years and 11 months.
[CyFriendK are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at l f ':3o
o'clock (take train leaving Third and Town-
Bend streets at 9 o'clock to Burltngame>,
from his late residence near San Ma-
teo, thence to St. Matthew's Church. San
Mateo, where a requiem mass will be said
for the repose of his soul. Interment St.
John's Cemetery. San Mateo. '
DONNELLY— In this city, August 18, 1898.
Peter E., dearly beloved husband of Mary
Donnelly, and father of Irene and Herold
Donnelly, and son of the late Ann and
Thomas Donnelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years and 6 months.
EATON— In Oakland. August 17, 1898, Charles
Henry Eat^n, beloved father of Mrs. J. Cal
Ewing and Charles L. Eaton, a native of
Vermont, aged 67 years 7 months and 14
days.
C^Friencls and aecuaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend th^ funeral this day
(Friday) at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his" daughter, Mrs. J. Cal Ewing, 214
Twelfth street. Interment private.
FOSTER— In this city. August Il*,I 1 *, 189 S. Theresa,
beloved wife of Charles M. Foster, mother of
Charlotte Lillian Foster, and sister of Maria
Katz. Lt/.zle Jobanessen and Alfred Schwartz.
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years 3
months and 2 days.
GREER— In this city, August IS. IS9S. John S..
beloved husband of Josephine S. Greer, and
father of John A., Dolores and Leland Stan-
ford Greer. a native of Illinois, aged «6 years.
HARRISON— In this city, August 17, IS9B.
Thomas D.. dearly beloved son of Thomas
E. and Annie E. Harrison, and brother of
Melvin, Hazel and Grace Harrison, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 2 years 8 months and
2a days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attenjJL the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 252 1 * Porker avenue, near Point
Lobos avenue. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
JEWETT- Entered into rest. August 17. 1898.
Thomas Bt. beloved husband of Exiquia F.
Jewett. and father of Thomas M., Rosalia.
Samuel and Carmen Jewett. a native of Vera
Cruz, Mexico, aged 57 years 7 months and 7
days.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), from the Church of Nuestra Senora
de Guadalupe. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
strictly private.
KAUFFMANN— In this city, August 17, 1898,
Sebastian, beloved husband of Maria Kauff-
mann. and father of Annie. Bernard and
yiay Kauffmaon, a native of Germany, aged
54 years.
[rjr Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at — o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1320 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, where services will be
held for the repose of his soul, commencing
at — o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KAFKA— In Fruitvale, Cal., Au trust I*. 1898.
Aida. beloved wife of Simon Kafka, and
me ther of Robert and Lorentz Kafka, aged
30 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from 10l Russ street,
between Howard and Fnlsom. thence by
11:30 o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery
for Interment.
LANGFORD— In this city, August 17. 1898,
Thomas R., beloved husband of Lucy M.
Langfortf, father of Ethel Langford. and son
of Rose and the late Sergeant Thomas R.
Langford, a native of Pan Francisco, aged
32 years 10 months and 10 days.
(r_rNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LINDSEY-In this >-ity. Aueust 16. I*?s, Jose-
phine, beloved daughter of Alexander and
Josephine Lindsey, a native of Sun Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years.
BTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invit'-d to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at lv o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUCY— In this city. August 18, 189?, James
W be'.nved Infant son of James W. and
Mary Lucy, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 month?.
M\LONEY— In the City and County Hospital,
August IS, IS9B, Sargent Maloney, aged 45
years.
PRATT— In this city, August 16, 189S, Hannah
L*. beloved wife of John C. Pratt, and
mother of C. J. and Daniel Sullivan, and
sister of Mrs. Kate Crowley, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 633 Minna street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, August 18, 1898. Ellen,
beloved wife of Michael J. Riley, and be-
loved mother of John W. and Josephine Riley
and Mrs. C. A. Ra.bjohn, Mrs. W. Buick.
Mrs. E. H. Thomas, Mrs. A. C. Koelzer and
Mrs. M. Shea, a natlye of County Cc><?,
Ireland, aged 56 years and 5 months. (Boston
and Lowell. Mass.. papers please copy.)
ru?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 707 Florida street, thence to St.
Charles Borrnmeo Church, Eighteenth and
BhotweU streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will b* celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:80 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemttery.
STE p_ln thi« city, August 17. IS9B. Simion
Step, a native of Indiana, aged 74 years.
ULSHOFER— In this city, August 17, 1898,
George Ulshofer, dearly beloved hrother of
Matthias and Charles Ulshofer, and uncle of
Mrs L. Kessler, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 78 years 1 month and 28 days.
(TTFrlendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H V Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery
WILLIAMS— _ Oakland, August 18. ISSS. Rob-
ert J son of William and Minnie Williams,
a native of Oakland, aged S years 11 months
and 3 da> r 3.
IMcAVOY 6- GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALJIERBI
20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone, Sou th_fr?.__________J ii
111 " ifR^MeAVOY, Manager.
jy\cfW/O'V «fc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB
1235 Market St.. between Bth and Bth.
Telephone, South. 24L
1516
PRISONERS
ESCAPE FROM
THEIR GUARDS
A Woman Planned the
Alcatraz Break.
ONE RUNAWAY WAS WOUNDED
FIVE SHOTS FIRED, BUT ONLY
ONE TOOK EFFECT.
Three Soldier Convicts Seized a
Small Boat and Got Away
in Spite of the Sen
try's Fire.
There have been lively times on Al
catraz Island for the last few days and
the soldiers on guard are becoming
Sneaked Away From Alcatraz Prison in the Commandant's Boat.
quite proficient as marksmen. They
had a number of opportunities to test
their skill and a disabled gasoline
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
Warm Shampoos
With
'And light dressings with
CUnCUßA,,purest of emol-
lient skin cares, will clear
the scalp and hair of crusts,
scalesanddandrnff,sootheir-
ritated and itching surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles,
supply the roots with energy
and nourishment, and thus
produce luxuriant, lustrous
hair, with clean, wholesome
scalp, when all else fails/
For finlf Pach Sunburn, bites and stings
rUI UUli A4MI of insects. Inflammations,
Hoai Ractl Irritations, dialings, undue
llCal HaMl or offensive perspiration and
other sanative uses, nothing so cooling, sooth-
Ing, purifying and refreshing as a bath with
CUTK'I'RA SOAP, the most effective Bkln
purifying and beautifying soap in the world,
as well as purest and sweeteHt for toilet, bath
and nursery.
FROM THE MOMENT OF BIRTH use Cutl-
eura Soap— lt is not only the purest, sweetest
and most refreshing of nursery soaps, but It
contains delicate emollient properties obtained
from Cuticurn, the treat skin cure, wlilch
purify and beautify baby's skin, scalp and
hair, and remove skin blemishes, occasioned by
Imperfect cleansing and the continued use of
Impure soaps.
Bold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
CfRA SOAP, Be. CUTICVRA (ointment), 50c.
POTTEP. DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole
Props., Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward
■t., London. "How to Save Tour Hair," free.
launch and a wounded soldier are to
their credit.
The whole trouble has been caused
by the prisoners. Several of the men
confined on the Island were volunteers
and they consider themselves as being
harshly dealt with because they have
been sentenced to serve three years for
desertion during- the time of war. All
of them have relatives able and willing
to help them and the attempts at es
cape have been numerous. The plots
were discovered, however, before they
were ready to be syrung and the result
was a number of prisoners on bread
and water and a more rigorous watch.
All the attempts at escape were not
fruitless, however. One of them suc
ceeded last Tuesday night and the au
thorities on the island are now search
ing high and low for H. R. Beale, John
Meredith and Edgar M. Sweeney. They
got away in a small rowboat owned
by the son of Major Klnzie and reached
the mainland, but not before one of the
escapes had been wounded by the sol
dier on guard at the military wharf.
Sweeney is the ringleader of the
gang. He fell in love with a woman
v/ho lives at North Beach and it was
for her he deserted. This woman has
been in constant communication with
the prisoner and also with his friends
In the East. A few days ago she
wanted to send over to him a telegram
she hud received from Sweeney's
friends, but when told that It would be
read by the officer of the day on the
Island she decided to keep it until she
saw her lover.
Simultaneously with the arrival of
the telegram a small gasoline launch
called the Meteor began prowling
around Alcatraz. She was warned
away, but the next day about dusk
! she was back again. This time the
guard opened fire on her and the man
; who was running her quickly took the
; Meteor out of range. The >?xt even
ing she was back again and this time
the soldiers put a couple of shots into
the hull disabling the machinery. The
man In charge dropped into the bot
tom of the boat and remained there
until the Meteor had drifted out of j
range once more.
That means of escape was thus cut
off and to understand how the prisoners i
finally succeeded, it is necessary to go
a little into the daily routine of the
Island. Once a month, with the con- j
sent of the commandant, the prisoners
are allowed to give an entertainment.
The soldiers on the island are charg
ed 10 cents admission and visitors from
the city are charged 25 cents. The pro
ceeds go toward buying odds and ends
for the prisoners not in the prison fare.
The prisoners are locked up every
night at 5 o'clock, but when an enter
tainment is about to come off the per
formers are allowed to practice in the
library until 9 p. m. Next Tuesday j
night there is to be an entertainment
and as Sweeney and his companions
were to be among the performers they
were allowed to go to the library.
The prison, as every passenger to
Sausalito and Tiburon knows, is on the
eastern end of the island and the wall
runs clear down to the water. On the
wharf below a sentry patrols day and
night, while at the bend of the road and
on the hill leading to the prison two
other guards are stationed. Under the
wharf on -which was the sentry lay
Mr. Klnzie's boat. When the soldiers
made their escape from the library and
reached the beach, if they had made for
the wharf direct they would have un
doubtedly been discovered. Instead of
that they made a comple'.e circuit of
the island and coming up behind the
Bentry succeeded in getting into the
boat and launching it.
They had got a considerable distance
from the wharf when one of them
caught a crab and the splash attracted
the sentry's attention. He at once
opened upon them and at the fifth shot
one of the men dropped into the bottom
of the boat and began groaning hor
ribly.
Sweeney got up in the boat and shout
ed, "Don't shoot any more. Don't you
see we've got no oars? We surrender."
The sentry stopped firing and while he
was explaining matters to his superior
officer, the prisoners got out their oars
again and were off like a flash.
A prison-break alarm was turned In
and the five-oared boat belonging to
the island manned. It gave chase, but
in Bpite of the best efforts of Its crew
the prisoners got away.
The description of the prisoners is as
follows: H. R. Beale. age 21 years.
Height 5 feet 10 inches, hair dark
brown, eyes brown. He was serving
an eighteen months' sentence for In
subordination.
John Meredith, age 22 years, height 5
feet 8 Inches, hair dark brown, blue
eyes. Eighteen months for desertion.
Edgar M. Sweeney, age 24 years, dark
brown hair and brown eyes, height 5
feet 9% inches. Three years for deser
tion but the sentence was reduced to
two years by the adjutant general.
When he was taken to the Island he
was heard to remark that he wouldn't
be a prisoner for much over a month.
He has kept his word as he had not
been quite six weeks on the island
when he escaped.
WAR TAX ON LABELS.
Promissory Notes for One Cent Must
Bear a Two-Cent Stamp.
Commissioner Scott, of the Internal
Revenue Department, has notified Collec
tor Lynch that his decision has been sus
tained in the matter of the appeal of N.
Van Bergen & Co. of this city. Mr.
Lynch had ruled that a certain bitters
sold by Van .Bergen & Co. was liable
On addition to the 1% cents tax required
under schedule B to the further tax of
a 2-cent stamp for that portion of the
label which appears to be a promissory
note for 1 cent. The Commissioner holds
that "the promissory note for 1 cent is
bona fide, and made in good faith; that it
will be paid upon presentation at the of
fice of tba company, and hence is tax
able."
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALX., FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1898.
BIGGY'S TRAP
WAS SET FOR
SLY GAME
The Registrar Watch
ing for Stuff ers.
HOUSES FULL OF . VOTERS
RESIDENCES THAT ARE OVER
CROWDED.
An Investigation to Be Made and
Some Surprises Are Promised.
Queer Acts of Commis
sioners.
Registrar Blggy has prepared a big sur
prise for the Board of Election Commis
sioners and the voters of the city and
county of San Francisco. He has laid a
trap for would-be Illegal voters to the
number t>f a possible thousand or more,
which will be sprung to-day. The Regis
trar did not inform the commissioners as
to what he was doing, because friction
developed between him and the board
three weeks ago. which has rapidly ap
proached an acute stage.
Mr. Biggy has nearly completed a list
of all of the houses in San Francisco,
with the registered number of voters in
each one. He finds that in certain sec
tions of the city, noteworthy for election
frauds in the past years, there are from
seven to forty voters residing in some of
the houses, according to the registration,
lie has classified all houses by precincts
blocking them into squares and by to
night will be able to inform Interested
citizens as to whether one or forty gen
tlemen claiming the elective franchise
reside in any given house in the city.
"You would be astounded to know how
many voters are crowded into som»
houses," remarked Mr. Biggy. "This, ton,
in the face of the fact that the registra
tion is lighter than before. We only have
62,9^3 names this year, as against 73,000
at the previous registration. "When the
registration was in progress I asked each
voter to fill out a little slip of paper on
which was printed a number which corre
sponded with a number on his registra
tion arlldavit. The registration blanks
and the little slips ran together in regu
lar Berial numbers. In lining out the slips
the voter gave his precinct, district,
name, address and description. By seg
regating these slips scores of houses are
revealed where an extraordinary number i
of voters reside. For example, there are j
forty-one voters who give their residence !
as the Palace Hotel. There are exactly i
the same number who claim to reside at |
715 Howard street. A small house, 614
Howard, where I myself resided some
years ago. turns in the modest number of
thirty-four voters.
"I propose to send my men out to each
precinct with these slips and let them
find all of the men who gave their ad
dresses. These slips run in regular or
der from one house to the next, so it will
be quick work, Just passing from door to
door. Where houses are found that do
not produce the exact number of register
ed voters called for by the slips, then I
will send citations for the missing per
sons to appear and explain. If they do
not come the register will simply be
purged.
"And what is more." continued Mr. Blg
gy, "men whom I have appointed myself
shall do this work. The commissioners
have been trying to make me agree to
turn over to them the selection of the
subordinates who are to do any investi
gating." ______________
CHINESE CUNNING.
Exposure of a Conspiracy to Land a
Woman Illegally.
Dr. Gardiner and Inspector Frank Flesh
yesterday unearthed a clever conspiracy
to land a Chinese woman named Wong
Sing Vow. She arrived on the Gaelic and
represented that she was born at 1107
Dupont street in this city. Wong Fook
Shlng alleged that he was her father and
that her statement was true. Chan Chung
corroborated the evidence, and the way
seemed clear for the landing of the maid
en. But Collector Jackson had doubts,
and referred the case to Chief Meredith
of the Chinese Bureau, who detailed Gar
diner and Flesh to investigate.
They visited the Dupont-street house
yesterday and spoke only in English, thus
throwing the Chinese olf their guard. In
the course of conversation the putative
father took out of a drawer some Chinese
manuscript with which to refresh his
memory. Flesh and Gardiner seized the
paper, "and found that it contained ques
tions and answers for Shing's use before
the bureau, describing Shing's trip from
China by way of Portland, Ore.
The woman was refused a landing.
A Supposed Suicide.
Police Officer Anderson of the Seven
teenth-street Station found a man lying
in a garden in front of a residence at
2316 Folsom street at an early hour yes
terday morning. When found he was in
an uncoPßcious condition with a small vial
which had contained morphinS ly
ing alongside of him. The man was re
moved to the City and County Hospital,
whore he recovered sufficiently to tell the
attending physician that his name was
Sargent Mahony and that he was born In
EE63. After this he sank into unconscious
ness ana expired. The body was removed
to the Morgue. There was nothing found
by which his identification couid be as
ceitained.
LAID AWAY IN THE TOMB.
The Bodies of the Late P. J. and Mrs. Corbett
Placed in the Cemetery Receiving Vault.
The simple service read by tho Rev. Father J. Flood of the Church of the
Sacred Heart yesterday morning on the occasion of the removal of the
remains of Mr." and Mrs. P. J. Corbett from the family residence at 518
Hayes street to the receiving vault at Holy Cross Cemetery was attended by
the* bereaved sons and daughters and a numerous gathering of friends.
The desire of the family that the burial service should be preceded by
the simplest form of a funeral reading was carried out in deference to the
absence of the brothers, James and Thomas, who are en route home from
the East. T'pon their arrival cm Monday a requiem high mass will be
paid at Sacred Heart church and the remains of the parents will be laid
away in the presence of the entire family and of the great host of their
friends who absented themselves from the service of yesterday in respect
to the wishes of the Sons and daughters.
The caskets were placed upon biers s!d<- by side In the parlors of their
late residence while the priest stood at their head and pronounced In
solemn voice and impressive tone the words of comfort.
When tho service was done the caskets were borne to the funeral car
by Thomas Ashworth, William Broderick, M. Dolan, 1,. "Walsh, James
McCormick, It. William F. Kgan, C. BJgley, F. Arnold, V. .Maxwell. T.
Blanchfield, .Judge M. Cooney, Peter Cook. Thonee to Holy Cross Ceme
tery the bodies were carried and laid side by side in the receiving vault
to await burial and th econcluding services.
NEW YORKERS
OH THE WAY
TO HONOLULU
The Alliance Sailed
Last Evening,
EVERY INCH OF ROOM TAKEN
HOWEVER, A PLEASANT TRIP
IS ANTICIPATED.
The Humboldt Off for St. Michael To-
Morrow With Battery A of tha
Third Artillery— Arizona
Sails Sunday.
Companies F, G and H of the First New
York Regiment, commanded by Captains
Martin, Ferguson and Hitchcock respect
ively, left the Presidio yesterday morning
and marched to the Steusirt street wharf,
where they embarked for Honolu)u on
the steamer Alliance. The ladies of the
Red Cross, as usual, were on hand and
furnished the men with a lunch.
Major Charles E. Davis. Surgeon and ]
Chaplain Karl Schwartz of the regiment.
Hospital Steward Charles **. Gana, Unit
ed States army, and two men for hospital
duty, also boarded the steamer, which
carries 11 officers and 313 men. This num
ber crowds the small steamer to its ut
most capacity, but everytning possible
has been done for tha comfort of the sol
diers. The Alliance Is United by elec
tricity, and has refrigerators filled with j
fifty tons of fresh provisions. It is ex
pected that the passage will be a smooth
one and that notwithstanding the crowd
ed condition of the vessel the soldiers
will enjoy the trip. The alliance pulled
out of her dock last evening at o o clock
and at once started on her voyage to
Honolulu. She was given the usual part
ing salut© of a chorus 01 strum whistles.
The departure ot these companies leaves
only companies A and B and a half of
Company D of the New York Regiment
still in camp. They have been ordered to
embark on the Scandia some time next
week. Lieutenant Colonel Stacnnle and
Majors Emmett and Scott remain with
the companies still here. Captain Staats
of Company B yesterday tenuered his
resignation to the War Department In
asmuch as the war for which he enlisted
is over he does not wish to remain away
from his business Interests in the East.
The troops to go to Manila on t^ Ari
zona will embark to-morrow morning,
and the steamer will sail Sunday morn-
Ing The delay of one day is occasioned
by the non-arrival of a consignment of
one million rounds of ammunition, which
is expected from the East to-morrow
morning.
The Humboldt will sail to-morrow
morning for St. Michael with Battery A
of the Third Artillery.
Eighth California Drill.
A largely attended meeting of tho ladles
was held at the parlors of the Young
Men's Christian Association yesterday af
ternoon. The meeting was called espe
cially In the interest of the drill to be
given by the Eighth California Regiment
Saturday afternoon, August 27, at Rec
reation Park. Sixteenth and Folsom
streets. Committees were appointed in
various departments, and it was decided
to ask the ladles from Alameda, Oakland
and Berkeley to assist in providing tho
collation for the regiment on that occa
sion. As this probably will be the last
drill given, there is a.great deal of inter
est being manifested, and excursions are
being arranged from many Interior cit
ies as far as Red Bluff and Colusa. The
Southern Pacific has offered exceedingly
low rates, good for three days, and the
drill promises to be one of the moat en
joyable given.
Red Cross Notes.
Tho Red Cross will give all the men on
tho Arizona a lunch to-morrow, and the
kind friends of the society who have been
so generous before are requested to send
to the ferry, bread, butter and meat for
sandwiches, doughnuts and fruits, as
early in the morning as possible, so that
the hospitality committee can prepare
the lunches before noon. I
A large supply of goods will be s»ont on
both the Scandia and the Arizona for the
Red Cross Hospital in Manila and for
use on tho ships j.olng over, and also a
large supply for tile nso of the transport
as a hospital ship on its return trip with
sick soldiers.
The Red Cross wishes to contradict the
statement that tho boys going h|>me on
furloughs had imposed on the society for
their luncheon, as they had been given
$1 ,"0 a day by the Government. I'ntil
last Tuynilay they were not given rations
or money, and the Red Cross brought it
to the attention of the Government, so
that now all the men are given their
transportation and $1 50 a day. This will
relieve the lied Cross of that work In the
future.
War Incidents.
The Seventh California will on Monday
move its camp from its present location
in ar Point Loboa avenue to the Presidio.
General Miller has issued an order at
taching the recruits of the Second Ore
gon regiment to the Third Battalion of
the Twenty-third Infantry. They will
said for Manila on the Scandia.
Lieutenant Fowler of the Tennessee
regiment, who is Investigating the case
of the privates of that regiment impli
cated in the attack upon the negro, Dan
Thomas, will submit his report to Colonel
Smith probably to-day, when the colonel
will formally prefer charges against the
men and forward them to General Mill
ler.
The following deaths occurred at the
Division Hospital yesterday: Private H.
11. Applegate, Company L, Second Oregon
Regiment, broncho-pneumonia following
measles; Private Rufus L. Allen. Com
pany X, Twenty-third United States In
fantry, broncho-pneumonia following
measles.
The two battalions of the First Wash
ington Regiment now at the Presidio will
be paid to-day.
The concert of the Fourth Cavalry
Band of over sixty pieces will take place
this afternoon from 3 to 4 o'clock at the
Presidio.
CANNOT FIND THE BODY.
Searchers for Mrs. Paxton's Re-
mains Meet With No Success.
The body of Mrs. Charles E. Paxton
has not yet been recovered, and the
chances are against its being found un
til it comes to the surface of its own ac
cord. Henry Peterson, who has been en
gaged by Captain Messer, spent all of
yesterday grappling for the remains with
out success. Mr. Paxton has offered a
reward for the recover}' of the body, and
a number of boatmen were out all day
dragging in places where an eddy might
have carried all that is left of the un
fortunate woman.
Mrs. Cone and Mrs. Peterson are still
unable to leave their rooms. Captain
11 art and the men of the Scandia who
were in the disaster were around yester
day nothing the worse for the ducking.
An examination of the launch bears out
Captain' Hart's statement that she was
going full speed when struck. The throt
tle was wide open when the boat was
lifted out of the water.
An examination of the launch and the
McDowell shows that both boats are
scraped on the starboard side, the launch
on her starboard quarter and the steam
er on her starboard bow. In that event
the Scandia's launch must have been
turned clear around and heading 1 north
when the collision occurred. In no other
way can the marks on the two boats
be accounted for.
The United States Insp^tors of Hulls
and Boilers have no jurisdiction over
the matter, so General Merriam has ap
pointed a board of officers to investigate
the collision and fix the blame. The de
tail of the board is as f follows: Major
David H. Klnzie, Third United States
Artillery; Major Gus G. Grant, Sixth
California Volunteer Infantry; First
Lieutenant John A. Lockwood, Fourth
United States Cavalry.
Asthma. UronchKls. Catarrh cure gniaranfd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kparny.S. F.Cal.
Wants Its Charter Back.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 6 of the Benevo
lent and Protective Order of Elks of the
United States of America filed suit yester
day against the grand lodge of the order
and San Francisco Lodge No. 3 to com
pel the first named defendant to restore
to the plaintiff its fraternal charter,
which was declared forfeited on July 8,
1897, and subsequently transferred to San
Francisco Lodge No. 3. The plaintiff al
that Its charter was illegally taken
from it and transferred to San Francisco
Lodge contrary to the bylaws of the or
der.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - ■ . ;- [
Friday, Aug. 19th. B
Final clean-up
in millinery^
Our millinery buyer has returned — |
our fall creations in millinery have ||
/ to be shown — her emphatic instruc- |
tions are— clean up all summer mil- |
linery — give me room — quick — don't |
hesitate — sell — and these prices are I]
the result. |
all of our trimmed hats 1
$3 to $5 cut to $1.50 ; $5 to $7 hats cut to $2.50 ; all of our $1.50 to
$3.00 hats cut to 75c ; all of our 75c to $1.25 trimmed hats cut to 25c ;
all of our 75c to $1.50 untrimmed hats cut to 15c. [
These big cuts are made to absolutely close out all these hats to-day
and to-morrow.
other interesting items
Kn canton flannel— ! tllFkish unbleached, 21x48 in., I
•r» unbleached, heavy towels heav y P ualit ■' hotels, I
quality, always sold at Bjc, one **iC twvvoia boarding-houses, eco " I
special attraction for to-day yd I'C eaCn nomica i oneS| ta^ e I
notice.
Dallas 5 - width or 45 inches, ladies' 24 doz. ladies' band and I
mUSlin unb ' eacned > another tieS shield bows in light sum- I
pi strong item for the house- _ or> v, m er shades, regular price
D!L wife. : 0C eaC " 15c and 20c; closing out
the balance. A snap. \
Wrapper 2500 yards wrapper JJale'S P'q ue . two-clasp, lap seam,
flannel *' annel ' dark colors, dollar embroidered backs, 5£ to
5c yd le ece back, cashmere , glove 71, in eight present wear
Irish concert and souvenir Irish prograrh |
A Saturday afternoon 2to 5. I
I
" The store that aims to lead," |
937-939-941-943=945=947 Market St. I
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as i
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock., paid up In I
caen , $300,000 uu
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $87,500 00 t
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,030,556 3o
Cash in company's office <« 33
Cash in banks ,-•• 233.154 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Ptocks and loans _ fcoi* • >
Premiums in due course of collection 3i2,b17 94
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid <■« si
Total asseta $1,731,379 89
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted. Including ex-
penses •• ,--, $131,263 50
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
■ nlng one year or less, $602,2.2 61;
• reinsurance 50 per cent..... 301,136 31
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $1b3.43S 02;
reinsurance pro rata ™' ' 7
Gross premiums on burglary risks... 23,750 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 477,237 33
Total liabilities $1,034,289 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $638.567 87
Net cash actually received for bur-
clary premiums 35,235 44
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 41,683 SO
Received for rents 5,225 00
Received from all other sources 2,543 6S
Total Income $783,257 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $396,165 62
Net amount paid for burglary losses. 3.854 28
Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ; 111,449 59
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 52.371
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ••••• 8,053 89
All other payments and expenditures 80.974 18
Total expenditures $697,599 10
Fire.
Losses Incurred during th« year...... $431.992.38
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $397,631,431 $1,606,942 87
7-;pt amount of risks ex-
• pired during the year.. 222,348.463 674,307 89
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 248,235,467 765.710 63
J. BLUMBERGER, President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of April, 1898. HUGH S. PITCAIRX.
United States Consul.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT!
213 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Asst. Manager.
Munyon's Headache an4.lndlgestlon Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
j to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
! ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
| tern. It should be In every home and
! every traveler's prlpsack. :At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c. ;
Wright's Mian Veptable Pills
I Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
! have used them for over forty years to cure
' SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. ■ '■ -'
Crossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine | contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist lor It.
Price, $1 a bottle. • '
Chartered 1818.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th«
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
'.-.: CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $300,000 09
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $'25,231 GO
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
. bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash in company's office 2,222 82
Cash in banks 37,471
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,367 85
Premiums in due course of collection 41.963 40
Total assets $614,262 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $9,456 53
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 22,96107
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning; one year or less, $150,762 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 73,381 18
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $101,763 63;
reinsurance pro rata 46,010 IS
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2.28170
All other demands against the com-
pany 16,559 71
Total liabilities $172,630 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $167,4ZZ 49
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from _
all other sources 22,i<3 m
Total Income $190170 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $25,384 28. losses of previous
...,) fia.foi «
Dividend's "to" stockholders...... 000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
e f r o a r ge .-fees- and-oiKer ' - '
charges for officers clerks etc.. . 20,500 73
Paid for State, national and local Ma M
a other 'payments "arid" expenditures 12.541 97
Total expenditures $ F? r 98
Losses Incurred burins the year $31,463 00
Risks and' Premiums. ;■ Fire Risks. Premiums.
N^tttS«£W > ««^S $22,071,177 $236,6.09 80
durtn^the S yea": 23.631.597 258.932 64
22.522,311 252,523 94
FRANCIS PEABODY, President.
HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and «worn to before me this 26th
i lay ■ of January. 1?!":.
GEO. U. AMERIGE. Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast, •
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
~dr.motlty~
rpHIS WELL-KNOW!* AND RELIABLE OLD
A Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Ulsenses and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2Oy'r«' experience.
Patients ea red at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
Lion free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
I>r. P. ROBCOE MpSH-TY, ■■ * N
26% Kcarny St., San Francisco, Cal.
VA/. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 851 California st.. below FowelL
Ban Francisco.
Weekly $1. 50 dbt Year