VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO 96.
"Friends, Neighbors and Fel
low-Citizens."
LOS ANGELES' OVATION TO
CALIFORNIA'S NEXT GOVERNOR
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— Countless
thousands of people thronged the
thoroughfares of Los Angeles to
day and to-night to render fitting
honor to Henry T. Gage, the Republi
can nominee for Governor. The greet
ing given to the standard-bearer by his
neighbors and friends was more than
a political demonstration. In the ele
m*nte- ot (spontaneity, cordiality and en- I
IH*?ia.' : ai Ir ■mimrtnl to an ovation, in
vhfch multitudes cheered the leader or
the party in the campaign so auspic
iously opened to-day.
Nothing of special moment marked
!tt journey of Mr. Gage hither from
Fan Francisco. The train passed
through the great San Joaquln Valley
In the night and the Republicans in the
various towns who had wired to as
certain of the candidate If he could
.X •■iu«e and address them were assured
that later on in the campaign he would
deem it a special honor to me?t the
le of that region.
Telegrams received en route Jndi-
rated to Mr. Gage the character of the
■welcome that awaited him on his re
turn to his home, but the messages di>l
not foreshadow the magnitude of the
demonstrations to-day and to-night.
: At 11:30 o'clock a. m. a delegation left
this city for'Burbajik to meet the in
coming train and receive Mr. Gage.
This, delegation consisted of Luther G.
Bcown- of the Young Men's Republican
League, J. B. Bushnell of the Columbia
("lub, Sidney M. Haskell of the los
Angeles Branch of the Southern Cali
fornia Republican League, Frank F.
X>avis of the Young Business Men's Rc
p-übluan Club, Martin G. Aguirre of
El Dorado Latin American Club, Brad
per W. Lee of the County Committee,
Fred Eaton of the City Central Com
mittee, Judge H. C. Goodring of the
Army and Navy Republican League,
Frank P. Flint and Walter F. Parker
of the State Central Committee, to
gether with : W. Kinney, D. H. Col-
"We Believe the True Standard
Is a Gold Standard."
The San Francisco Call
"This Nation Is Safe Under Re-
Una, G. M. Sage.
terson and S. C.
A. J. Lewis, J. G. Pat-
Dodge.
Long before the time fixed for the
arrival of the train bearing the distin
guished guest and his party crowds be
gan to gather in and about the Arcade
Station of the Southern Pacific Ilail
road. These were rapidly increased,
until the whole surrounding space was
one mass of surging humanity, easer to
greet- the man selected by the State
convention at Sacramento to lead the
Republican forces to victory. While
waiting for the incoming train the
crowd was entertained by the Seventh
Regiment band playing inspiring airs.
During the intervals some one would
start a patriotic song, In which all
Joined. The summer attire of the many
ladies present, together with the un
dulating sea of highly colored sun
shadc-s waving over the immense con
course, gave to the scene an air of
brightness indicative of the hearty wel
come awaiting the favorite son of the
sunny south. .
One long and two short blasts of the
whistle signaled the near approach of
the train. Then followed a general
ringing of bells and blowing of whistles.
As the train rolled into the dopi/t a
great rush was made by the throng,
eager to get a glance at the popular
man. Catching sight of the nominee
as he was about to alight from the
coach the multitude in front sent up a
mighty shout o^welcome. The cheer
was taken up again and again by the
surrounding mass until it was carried
far beyond the confines c-f the
Owing to the density of the throng
and the eager desire of the people to
grasp the hand of the leader, it was
some time before Mr. Gage, guided by
hl3 escorts, could reach the line of
waiting carriages. The salutations.
were: "Glad to see you, Henry."
"How are you, Henry?"
"Congratulate you, Henry."
Henry T. Gage appears to know
"Thou Shalt Not Bear False
Witness."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898— THIETY-TWO PAGES.
publican Rule."
Outpouring of tf)e Masses
to Welcome the f^eturr) of
Henry T. Gage.
everybody In Southern California, and
every one here knows Henry T. Gage.
Call it magnetism, individual warmth or
any other name, it amounts to this,
that men of every shade of political
opinion entertain sincere friendship and
high regard for Henry T. Gage as a
man among men.
Th« band of the Seventh Regiment
played inspiring patriotic airs at the
Btafon. The American flag floated
in the gentle brteze. The throngs of
people cheered the music and saluted
the colors as the column formed to
march to the Hollenbeck Hotel. As the
procession moved along Fifth and
Spring streets to the hotel it was ob
served that the city was beautifully
dressed in flags and streamers in honor
of the home-coming of a worthy citi
zen who had been called by the good
people to meet a great responsibility.
All along the route tributes of re
spect ■were paid to the nominee and
those who escorted him. The culminat
ing crush came at the Hollenbeck,
where Mr. Gage stood for nearly two
hours receiving the congratulations of
the callers. In order to allow him
a breathing sr>ell, a little respite before
the arduous duties of the evening be-
"Mr. Mag^iire Professes to Be
a Statesman."
gan, the committee found
to turn back the throng of
Celebrated as this city Is for great
political demonstrations, it never saw
anything to surpass the tremendous
enthusiasm and remarkable outpouring
of the masses to-night. Early in the
evening special excursion trains bring
ing thousands of visitors and partici
pants began to arrive. The people to
swell the resident throng came from
Riverside, Redlands, San Bernardino,
Santa Monica, Santa Barbara, Ventura,
Santa Ana, Orange and other places.
Before night the streets were densely
packed. Marching clubs, headed by
bands of music, added to the interest.
The main procession was slow in or
ganizing, but the magnificent display
of fireworks and the strains of pat
riotic music compencated for the delay.
The column, headed by Henry T. Gage
and escorts in carriages, moved along
Spring street to Sixth, to Main, to First
street, along First street, to Broadway
and thence to the pavilion.
On either side the streets were dense
ly jammed with cheering spectators,
and from many buildings there were
beautiful displays of illuminated en
thusiasm and a generous offering of
pyrotechnics. The Democratic Herald,
"Shall We Say: 'We Do Not
Want the Phflippines?' "
"When the Red Devil of Social-
it necessary
visitors.
catching the tone of the multitude,
burned red fire ->nd exploded fireworks.
The Americus Club of Pasadena, uni
formed in attractive style, elicited
many compliments. The Columbia
Club, the First Ward Club, the Young
Men's Republican League, the Army
and Navy Republican League, El Do
rado Club of Mexicans led by a Mexi
can band, the Santa Ana Republican
Club and other organizations joined the
column and were cheered all along the
line from start to finish.
The appearance of the nominee for
Governor was always the signal for a
storm of applause, and the clapping of
hands could be heard a mile away.
The mottoes on the transparent ban
ners called out ringing cheers of appro
val. The sentiment "Keep the Philip
pine-" everywhere exr v ed cheers. "The
Republican Party Will Build the Nica
raguan Canal" was another sentiment
that evoked a cheering response from
the multitude.
As the marching clubs and the great
stream of spectators entered the pavil
ion the scene was inspiring to the high
est degree. The demonstrations of ap
plause followed each other in such swift
succession and grew in such intensity
with each succeeding outburst that the
"What Right Has the Demo
cratic Party to Complain?"
ism Shall Come."
vast audience on the main floor and the
double tier of galleries arose and joined
in the acclaim. As Henry T. Gage
walked across the platform to take the
place assigned to him among the repre
sentative Republicans on the stage, the
assemblage again arose and continued
cheering for several minutes. When
Luther H. Brown, chairman of the rati
fication committee, called the audience
to attention he mentioned the name of
Henry T. Gage, and this tvaa the signal
for another demonstration that even
surpassed all the preceding manifesta
tions of enthusiasm.
Assembled on the platform were ex-
Governor H. H. Markham; Truman
Reeves, Republican condidate for State
Treasurer; R. J. Waters, candidate for
Congress; N. Blackstock, nominee for
Railroad Commissioner; Frank F.
Davis, and many other eminent Repub
licans who commented on the brilliant
inauguration of the campaign, and pre
dicted complete success for the Repub
lican State ticket. Each had in times
gone by seen some remarkable exhibi
tions of party zeal and confidence, but
all said that the scenes of enthusiasm
and party spirit then being enacted had
never been surpassed in a political cam
paign in this State.
BULLA STATES
THE ISSUES OF
THE CAMPAIGN
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— The vast
audience at the Pavilion was called to
order by Lurher G. Brown, who intro
duced Robert N. Bulla as chairman of
the rneetnig. Mr. Bulla spoke as fol
lows:
Fellow citizens, ladies and gentlemen: I
desire to express my profound apprecia
PRICE FIVE CENT 3.
"He Voted Against the Revenue
Bill."
tion of the compliment paid me by. being
selected to preside over this magnificent
meeting. I belie;^e it is always in order,
for Republicans to gather together ari4
felicitate themselves if upon nothing else
than upon the mere fact that they are. ,"•
membt-rs of :t party whose achievements
: in the past have been so glorious and
whose prospects for the future are so
flattering. It is doubly appropriate,
therefore, that we should have assembled
here this evening not only as Republi
cans to ratify the nominations made by
: ;■• sentr.tl-ves of our party in ron •
vetitiori assembled but, 1 trust, as friends
and neighbors to do a special honor to
our dieting uishr-d fellow citizen who has
been selected by the great Republican
party to be Its candidate for the highest
office in the gift of tho people of the
State— the Hon. Henry T. Gage. (Ap
plause.)
Fellow citizens, since the close of the
Civil War the greatest epoch in the his
tory of this marvelous country began a
few short months ago, when our ulti
matum was pronounced to Spain by that
calm, courageous, wisely conservative
man, who now stands at u.z helm of the-,
ship of state— our honored President,.-
William McKinley. (Applause.)
The war which followed that announce- '
ment was inspired by no spirit of na-
tional greed, was begun from no hope of ■
material gain, was not even prompted by ■
a spirit of revenge for the treacherous ■
destruction in a friendly port of Qne of
our stately battle-ships and the miserable - :
death of her gallant crew. It was begun
for humanity's pake alone to' end fo*>
ever the diabolical cruelties Which' were V
being inflicted unon a helpless people by ■'".
a merciless, tyrannical Government...
What if that act did involve a departure S
from the traditions of our fathers?.: Are .
even they any more sacred than theeier--' 1
nal dictates of humanity?. '. . •• "■ ■"*•••
I thank God this evening. felidw>clt'l-.'
zens, that when that question, was. pre-*-;. "
sented to our Government . our ..' iris'pira- ■ 'J
tions of Christianity and . civilization ..tri-. ':
umphod, and our ' ultimatum ; was :; 'pr6r- ■•"
nounced in a manner that admitted-.df no' \
doubt or caviling. ' '..-. _ V ■: .■/■■.> ■/;.",'
I thank God also that our '.beloved. co'Un- '■-'
try was the first among- the naMons'of the ' .
earth to recognize as a. principle 'of in- "■
ternational law that the- great' arid power- ■ '
ful nation has duties and. res'po'nsibjlftie«i ' '■■-
which it owes to mankind beyond' its own,
boundaries, no matter how grand- "and- -
broad they may be. and that the ' -dictates
of humanity shall be observed by,alj!:.peo--.
pie. J?nd that no people, no nation, how*- ' •
ever grand they may be. -are justified in ■
sitting down and wrapping about thenir
selves the cloak of their own' "prosperity
"Shall We Stop the Progress
of Our Empire?"2
and happiness, while at their j'ery doors
thousands of their fellow-beings are sub
jected lo the merciless cruelty which
Spain inflicted upon her helpless subjects
in Cuba. [Applause]
The war with Spain is ended; for us,
syiopt gloriously. Is it too much to nope
that with it also is ended forever human
oppression throughout the globe; that
hereafter might shall not be synonymous
with right, at least in the free air of this
Western Hemisphere, and that the eter
nal dictates of humanity shall be broader
than the boundaries of any nation?
The war with Spain is ended. Not so
our responsibilities as a nation or as In
dividuals. With the acquisition of Porto
Rico and Hawaii; Avlth the undoubted re
tention of the Philippines [applause];
with the possible annexation of Cuba will
come to the American people the most
momentous questions which have over de
manded consideration and solution at our
hands. Tho establishment of a just and
adequate fcrm of government, for our
\ newly acquired territory, the enlarge
ment of our army and navy in the man
ner and to an extent commensurate with
the nweds of our new condition, the ex
tension of our Oriental and coastwise
■ commerce, the laying of cables, and, it
may bo, the establishment of subsidized
lines of steamships to our island posses
sions — those are all vital questions grow
ing out of and connected with them, and
miiFt be considered and disposed of by
those in whose hands the reins of govern
ment are placed in the; immediate future.
We are entering upon an untried field,
unblaz.-d pathway, though it will event
ually- lead to greater renown and pros-
SENATOR R. N. BULLA, Who
Presided at the Ratification
Meeting.
pertty for our nation. lam as sure of
that as that the stars are shining In tht
heave-ns to-night. But this will not be
accomplished without earnest and con
scientious study on the part of those to
whom is confided the administration of
■ our governmental affairs. And just here,
friends, lies the significance of what I
haVe been saying. Under the conditions
as they exist, all matters of govern
mental policy must be intrusted to one or
the other of the dominant political par
ties In our country. I ask you to-night,
not simply as Republicans, but as patri
otic American citizens, upon which party
shall we place the responsibility of the
final settlement and adjustment of all
the great and complex questions grow
ing out of the Spanish war and of the
new era upon which otir Government has
entered? Shall we. disregarding the holy
advice of our martyred President, sweep
ourselves in the middle of the stream
(a voice, "Don't sweep") and turn over
to the Democratic party, which has al
ready put itself on record as opposed
to territorial expansion, the solving of
these weighty problems with which wo
are confronted, or shall we leave them
to the judgment of the Republican party,
the party which through the dark days
of reconstruction following the civil war
carried the nation to safety, the party
•which has produced more great states
men tha. any other one in modern times;
the party of Lincoln, of Blame, of Gar
field, and of McKinley? (Applause.)
It seems, to me, fellow-citizens, that
there can be but one answer to this ques
tion. The Republican party having prov
en itself competent in the past, naving
won the approval of the people In the
present, is fairly and Justly entitled to
the confidence of every patriotic citlzei:
in the future. (Applause.)
And let us not forget,' fellow citizens,
that patriotism, like Charity, begins at
home. That in a few short wrecksw r eeks we
will be called upon to cast our ballots at
a general election in this State, the re-
Bult of which will be looked upon as a
criticism or as an indorsement of the
policy of the present administration. Are
we prepared by casting our ballots for
Mr. Maguire and the Democratic ticket
to say to President McKinley that we
are dissatisfied with the course which he
has pursued? Or shall we by casting our
votes for Mr. Gage and the Republican
party, say to the administration that we
Mill' have confidence undimlnished in the
Government at Washington? (Applause).
This question is the one which every
voter in this State should ask himself
at the polls next November. It ought not
be difficult to answer, even without ref
erence to the personality of the respective
candidates for Governor of this State.
I think the decision should be even 1»f-s
difficult, for in Henry T. Gage, the Re
publican nominee (cheers) we have a
man who has lived among us for a quar
ter of a century, whose daily life is
known to us as upright and honorable,
whose ability and fitness to fill the chief
executive office of this State cannot be
FRANK F. DAVIS, President
Young Business Men's Repub
lican Club.
questioned, and who, during all the years
of his manhood, has stood immovable
upon the immufcible principles of the
grand old Republican party. (Cheers).
On the other hand, in James G. Ma
guire, we have a man of whom it lias
been said (I do not vouch for the ruth of
it* that he was a Republican officeholder
in 1876, a Democrat in IS*5, a disciple of
Henry George in 1887, follower of Bryan
and free silver in 18%, and now, in this
year of our Lord 1898. is the candidate
of the amalgamated errors for Governor
of the great State of California. (Ap
plause).
Gentlemen, It seems to me that there
Bhould be no room for doubt on our part
Personally, I say that I believe Judge
Masulre to be an upright and honorable
man, honestly sincere in the numerous
and peculiar and variegated views which
he entertains; but the question for the
voters of this State is not whether Judge
Maguire be true to his convictions, but
whether his convictions be true.
If the principles and theories which he
advocates be false, the very fact of his
Bincere belief In them is tne very reason
why he should not be selected for Gov
ernor of this great State of California.
But, gentlemen, it is not within my
province to-night to make a speech. Mine
Is a more pleasant duty. We have a
number of eloquent gentlemen who are to
address you. After the candidates have
spoken the following gentlemen will be
pleased to entertain you: James Me- |
Lachlan, Will F. Harris, ex-Governor H.
H. Markham and Hon. Frank F. Davis.
And now, gentlemen, without taking j
your time further, it affords me great
pleasure and is my pleasant duty to pre
sent to you— not to introduce, for that la
unnecessary— the next Governor of the
State of California, Hon. Henry T. Gage.
(Great applause.)
DEMOCRACY'S
LEADER HELD
UP TO SCORN
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— After the
applause following the presentation of
Mr. Gage by Senator Bulla had sub
sided, Mr. Gage began:
Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen,
friends, neighbors and fellow-citizens: I
suppose it is hardly necessary for me to
say that this vast throng upon the pub
lic streets of the home of my childhood,
this vast audience assembled here, this
grand reception, make me feel as if I
had not trodden your streets as a fel
low-citizen in vain. (Applause.)
During the time that I have moved in
your midst you know whether I havw
walked as an honorable, upright citizen
or not. If I have failed anywhere to
comply with the dictates of common hon
esty or common manhood, I implore you
at the coming election to cast a vote
against me and not for me. (Applause.)
I appreciate beyond the expression of
language this magnificent demonstration,
but I have not the vanity to Imagine
that this throng is here on account of
any particular affection mat you enter
tain for me, or on account of any
achievement of mine. Not so at all.
I belteve that you have assembled here,
because' I represent a sentiment that is
near and dear to your hearts, a sentiment
of public principle, because I represent
the Republican party of the great State
of California (applause); because you be
lieve In the doctrines of Republicanism:
because you believe that the welfare of
this great and glorious nation is observed
better under Republican administration
than under any heterogeneous mixture
such as Is presented by the opposing
party; because you believe and I believe
and every Republican believes that the
highest and noblest sentiment in America
ie oest represented by Republicanism. We
believe that the great exponents of that
party by their lives, by their deeds— l say
such exponents as Lincoln, as Grant, as
Blame, beloved Blame. (applause) and
William McKlnley (applause) have dem
onstrated that the present and future in
terests of this nation are safe under Re
publican rule. (Applause.)
Fellow citizens. James G. Maguire is
the opposing candidate for Governor of
this great State. He was called upon to
express his convictions in the House of
Congress upon the acquisition of foreign
territory, and that only a short time ago,
and he cast a solemn vote against the an
nexation of Hawaii. We as the Repub
licnn party have declared in favor of that
annexation. (Applause.) Not only that,
my fellow citizens, but we do not believe
that the bravery and valor of our sol
diers and sailors have been for naught.
We believe that wherever their courage,
their manhood, their blood, have planted
the American flag, there it shall be un
furled forever. (Great applause.)
The Republican party has declared in
it- uncertain terms that we are in favor
of the acquisition of this foreign terri
tory. (A voice. "That is right, Henry.")
That is right. It is the sentiment of .
common humanity and common manhood, j
C. F. DERBY, Grand Marshal of
the Parade.
Yes, it is right, and obviously right for
the State that I soon expect to represent.
(Applause.)
Already we have Hawaii, it is part of
our domain, it ts a part of the United
States. With Hawaii, with the Philip
pines, with the Ladrones, with the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal, with
the completion of the Siberian rail
road we will transfer the trade
from the east of this continent to
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San
Dlegro. (Applause). With that once coup
pleted, California and the Pacific Coast
will enter upon an era of prosperity such
lls the world has never seen. (Applause.)
This is no extravagance whatever, and I
believe in my heart that San Francisco,
l.os Angeles and San Diego, if we prop
erly manage our commercial concerns,
will rival New York, will vie with Balti
more, will compete with Charleston and
challenge the supremacy of Boston.
I tell you, fellow citizens— and these are
my deep, firm and solemn convictions—
you have not the slightest conception of
the era of prosperity that Is to come from
California if we stand by the principle of
acquired territory announced by William
McKlnley and reject the heresies of James
G. Maguire. (Applause.)
Now, my friends and fellow-citizens,
Mr. Maguire professes to be a statesman,
and I do not deny it, for I know nothing
to the contrary, except I have a alight
conception the other way. He addressed
you the other night. In the course of
that address, for some unaccountable
reason, he applied technical phraseology
to me. He said from a rostrum in this
city that the candidate of the Republican
party— and I was that person— had never
from what he could discover read the
platform of his party. Will you let me
read you his exact phraseology, because
I would not do my neighbor violence.
He said:
"Of your distinguished fellow-citizen,
I believe that Mr. Gage is an estimable
gentleman."
Now you can see his sincerity. It is
the same sincerity that runs through th*
heart of that man wherever he travels.
He says he accepts the judgment of so
and-so, and then he declares that he does
not know whether Gage has any opin
ions or not. In other words, I am a fool.
(Laughter.) That Is the courtesy of my
opponent. I want to call your attention
to Borne more of his elegant verbiage,
borrowed, as he claims, from the Sun
day-school, but the doctrine never be
longed there; it belonged In that coun
try supposed to ( be in the opposite direc
tion from heaven. He says:
"I do not know that I ever saw it in
Sundoy-school, but I have heard that it
was a stanza in a Sunday-Bchool book.
We have learned in the lore of long ago
That a symbol of this life below
Is a boat with palsied men to row
And a blind man at the rudder.
That blind man is me. After a. man
who claims to be a statesman has ap
plied language of that character to his
opponent, he cannot complain if caustic
verbiage is somewhere in the remarks of
his opponent applied to him. He may not
have said, as the Republican platform de
clares he did. that the taking of Span
ish ships by the American sailors was an
act of piracy, but he did this: He stood
there in Congress talking and voting
along lines opposite to those from which
American bullets were flying. He voted
against the revenue bill. He voted
against a bill that was to provide our
sailors and our soldiers with drugs, with
clothing, and wUh general sustenance
Then was he entitled to any considerable
credit in the premises? Why, ho says that
the tax they impose is infamous— the in
ternal revenue tax. Shall we hesitate to
furnish drugs? Shall we discuss the price
of medicines, when our neighbors and
our friends and our patriots are lying
upon their deathbeds, to determine wheth
er or not we will administer the consola
tion that belongs to that situation?
That was the attitude of this man who
thus bitterly assailed me on this or some
other rostrum. He says: "This Repub
lican bond issue is infamous.." Fellow
citizens, in a time of absolute peace, the
Democratic party issued $262,0^0,000 of
bonds and they turned them over to the
rich syndicates of New York. (Applause.)
In the time of war. when our country
was imperiled, when liberty and human
rights had been assailed, the glorious Re
publican party Issued two hundreds of
millions of bonds and turned them over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, IS9B.
to the poor men of the land. (Cries of
"good.")
Then, If you please, fellow citizens,
what right has the Democratic party to
complain about the national bonded in
debtedness?
I do not think that Mr. Maguire ought
to be too critical about the manner in
which American funds are applied to
American citizens. Twenty years ago
he began to receive a salary from the
public treasury of our country. To-day
and here the man stood on this rostrum
assailing me, and he was drawing a sal,
ary, and a big salary, from the public
treasury of the United States, paid out
of the hard-earned taxes from the pock
ets of the farmer and the poor man, for
whom he has such extraordinary affec
tion. In other words, to cut the matter
short, he was doing the public service,
he was a philanthropist, not upon his
own, but upon your country's and my
country's coin.
The gentleman took occasion to say
that the Republican convention which
last assembled in Sacramento was a tool
of the railroad company. Upon what prin
ciple of justice had he the right to say
that those men, assembled from every por
tion of this great State of llfty-seven
counties, were the tools of the railroad
C °He Pa c n voted poetry against me a few
days ago. I refer him to another and dif
ferent book, "The Holy Writ/ 1 and ask
him to remember that there is an mjunc-
LUTHER G. BROWN, President
Young Men's Republican Club,
Who Called the Meeting to
Order.
tion, "Thou shalt not bear false witness
against thy neighbor."
Fellow-citizens. Mr. James G. Mapuire,
whenever in the political history of this
State he discovers anything that stands
in opposition to his aspirations, imme
diately yells "Railroad!" If he does not
do that he yells "Corporations!"
At this point some one said some
thing in the audience. Mr. Gage asked :^
"What was that?" The answer was:
"A man is drunk." Mr. Gage pro
ceeded:
A drunken man sometimes has better
sense than the leader of his party.
Now, in all candor, in all seriousness, in
all fairness between man and man, have
you ever known James G. Maguire to as
sail any proposition unless it antagonized
his own ambitions? If so, when was it?
If so, why was it? He stands forth and
assails the conduct of the Republican par
ty on account of the funding bill. You
and I, and most men within the sound of
my voice, have been unalterably opposed
from the early days of California to the
funding bill. We had no opportunity to
vote upon that question, but there came
a time when James G. Maguire occupied a
place in the Congress of the United States
when he could have voted upon it. A
short time ago, you remember, a law in
reference to that matter was adopted In
the United States Senate and it passed
the Congress. James G. Maguire stood
there and had he raised his voice, had he
simply said. "Mr. Chairman, I objedt to
the consideration of that bill," It never
could have been considered. He made no
such objection. Then what right has he
to stand upon the rostrum to-day and as
sail the acts of that body? Tell me, if
you can, as honest, fair-minded citizens,
whether that conduct becomes an honest
official or not?
Now, do not be deceived. He may come
back. He may say: "I made a speech
against it." True, but he knew that when
he made that speech it would be a futile
effort, because he had waived the right
to object. Be not deluded by that sort
of a proposition.
He discussed the silver question here
the other day. My friends, as I regard
It, that is a dead issue (applause); a dead
issue in California. There was a verdict
rendered by this great people against that
contention. It has never been reversed
and I do not believe it will be. We con
tend now that they shall not reverse that
verdict. But how, if you please, has he
any connection with it as a nominee for
Governor? How, if you please, could I,
if Governor, deal with the question of
the free and unlimited or any other coin
age of gold and silver? Obviously I
could not touch the question at ah, be
cause the constitution provides that no
State shall coin money.
That disposes of the question so far as
our relations are concerned. True the
Legislature to be elected, the Senators
and the Assemblymen have the choice of
a United States Senator, and their judg
ment or the judgment of that Senator
might be called into exercise, but in no
other way could we reach 4 ie question.
So it Is hardiy necessary ior me to talk
further upon that question, except to say
that the Republican party of California
is opposed to tup free and unlimited coin
age of silver. We believe that gold and
JOHN B. BUSHNELL, President
Columbia Club, Los Angeles.
silver are the constitutional moneys of
our country, but we bei>2ve that the true
standard is a gold standard. [Applause.]
There is one question that seems to have
disturbed the gentleman from the upper
country who took such delight in picking
a row with his weaker brother in the
southern part of the State when his weak
er brother was not here [applause] and
that is the single tax. He tells you that
it is no concern of the people of this
State.
We, as American citizens, stand upon
the broad principle that all property
should be the legitimate subject of taxa
tion; that eyery kind of property within
the confines of our great State that reaps
the benefits of its laws should contribute
its just proportion toward the mainte
nance of the State. We cannot and do not
assent to the doctrine that the land alone
shall be burdened with the taxes of the
railroad for which Mr. Maguire has such
a horror. [Applause.]
According to this contention, if we were
to have the operative pri ciple of the
single tax prevail the rolling stock of the
railroad would never pay a dollar of tax
The only tax that would be levied would
be upon the land that the track occupies
What an enemy of railroads that in n is
isn't he? (Applause.)
Now, his principle of taxation exempts
the magnificent structures of a city from
paying their just proportion and puts the
burden of that tax upon the tiller of the
soil— the farmers of this State. They
haven't made so much money and it has
not been such privileged business within
the last few years that we Can acknowl
edge any enterprise of that character
He says that we have got to have a
constitutional amendment to make his
doctrine prevail. True, fellow-citizens
but if he should be elected Governor of
this State, and the question whether that
amendment should t>e submitted to the
CORBETT AND McCOY TO
FIGHT ON OCTOBER 13
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Jim Corbett, who arrived here at noon to-day,
met "Kid" McCoy at an uptown sporting resort, and they arranged to
fight their battle on October 13 at Buffalo. Corbett left for Asbury Park
to-night and will resume training on Monday. McCoy will return to Sara
toga. Corbett said:
"I have decided to quit the ring after this fight, win or lose."
I people of the State should come before
! him, could he not exercise influence? Then
1 is it not nonsense, is it not dodging the
! question, for him to say that that ques
tion is not legitimately before the people?
He says:
"I entertain these views, I have these
opinions as a man; but you will observe
that I ha\e not impressed them upon the
public's concerns."
He reminds me of a preacher I once
knew who was being tried before his
church. He was being tried for drinking
too much whisky and too often playing
cards. The evidence was overwhelming,
and when he came before the church to
make his defense, he said:
"Gentlemen, look here; It is true I drank
more whisky than I should have taken; I
played more poker than I ought to have
played. But when I did that I did it as
Mr. Perritt; when I attended to the du
ties of the church I did it as Bishop Per
ritt."
And one of the jurors, a Scotchman of
the church, said: I would like to
ask you a question: "When the last trum
pet shall sound and the devil shall come
to claim his own, will you kindly tell us
which he will get, Mr. Perritt or Bishop
Perritt?"
When the red devil of Socialism shall
come upon the earth will he get Mr. Ma
guire or Single Tax Maguire? (Applause.)
My friends, I do not Intend to occupy
your time any longer. There are those
here to-night of talent, and eloquence
and greatness, who will entertain you.
But before closing permit me to say this—
and I say it in all seriousness and can
dor: I believe that the best interests of
the country demand that we keep the
Republican party in power. (Applause.)
Let us remember what these gentlemen
have told us in reference to our adminis
tration. Let us remember that McKin
ley's administration under the revenue
laws has been in force but a trifle beyond
a year, and what has been the result
financially? Why. we have to-day a bal
ance of trade, a balance of indebtedness
in favor of the American nation of nearly
eight hundred millions of dollars (ap
plause), a sum so vast we can hardly
comprehend its signiiicance. Think of
that for a moment.
Shall we stop the progress of our em
pire? Shall we turn it over to the De
mocracy? Shall we say to McKinley
"We do not want the Philippines?" Shall
we say to McKinley. "We do not want
the Ladrones? We have elected Maguire
and his Congressmen to Indicate that we
are opposed to the sentiments that Cal
ifornlans nearly all espouse?" No, never!
Never! (Applause.) ,>*...
If I should, fellow-citizens, be elected
Governor of this great State I promise
you that I will give you an administra
tion pure, honest, economic, business
like: an administration which symbolizes
the idea of Republicanism, and that rep
resents the integrity and the moral force
of this great American nation. I thank
you. (Long and continued applause.)
OUTLOOK FOR
THE PARTY IS
VERY BRIGHT
L.OS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— Speeches
other than those of Gage and Bulla
demanded the closest attention of the
Immense assemblage at the Pavilion.
Addresses were delivered by Truman
Reeves, N. Blackstock, R. J. Waters,
James Mcljachlan, "Will A. Harris, H.
H. Markbnm and Frank F. Davis.
The tribute paid by Harris to the old
Confederates and their devotion to the
flag won rounds of applause. He main
tained that the election of Gage would
be an expression of the people of Cal
ifornia that none of the territory con
quered in the war should ever be sur
rendered back to Spain or given to any
despotic power on earth. President
McKinley profoundly respected the
voice of the American people and would
be guided by the will of the nation. At
the conclusion of Harris' speech the
band played "Dixie" and the audience
cheered.
Frank F. Davis was the last speaker
of the evening:, but not the least elo
quent or forcible. He advised his
hearers to ask the Silver Republicans
and the Populists to Join the Republi
can enthusiasm. He contended that the
Republicans should fight this political
battle on the broad grounds of Ameri
can patriotism.
"Let us resolve," said he, "that the
flag shall ever float where it now waves.
On this line of splendid patriotism let
us unite with a single purpose to
achieve victory."
At the conclusion of the speeches the
bands played "America" and the audi
ence sang. Departing from the pa
vilion the uniformed clubs maintained
marching order and enlivened the late
hours with the music of their bands.
Henry T. Gage was immensely do
llghted at the magnitude and warmth
of the great meeting. He will now take
a rest for a few days and give some
attention to his business affairs.
The success of the gatherings to-day
and to-night, the mighty spirit of en
thusiasm already aroused in the masses
of the voting population, lead to pre
dictions of immense majorities for Gage
in the southern part of the State. Men
vhosp predictions in the past were veri
fied by the returns assert that Gage's
majority south of Tehachapi will ex
ceed 16,000. There has been a very
large increase of registration in Los
Angeles County, which is known to be
favorable to Republicans.
RANCH LAND ATTACHED.
Property of Charles Lux and M. M.
Lux Seized on a Debt.
SALINAS, Sept. 3.— To recover $117,075
on a Judgment of the Superior Court of
Santa Clara County an attachment was
levied this afternoon In favor of the Gar
den City Bank and Trust Company of San
Jose against Charles Lux and M. M. Lux.
The attachment is on 5765 acres of the San
Lorenzo ranch and land in townships 21,
22. 23 and 24, this county. The money Is
due on loans advanced by the bank.
HALL CAINE COMING.
Famous Novelist Embarks at Liver-
pool for America.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 3.— The Cunard Line
steamer Campania, which sailed from this
port to-day for New York, has among her
passengers Hall Calne, the novelist; Miss
Ada Rehan, the actress: Lord Aiderley
Braspev and Mesdames Cavendish-Benti
neck, Ogden Mills and Ballington Booth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Worn Women
By the thousand have found that there
is real meaning in the oft-told story
"Hood's Sarsaparilla makes the weak
strong." They have been in run-down
condition, they have taken Hood's
Barsaparilla, have found it to give a
good appetite, steady the nerves, brace
relaxed and limp muscles, cheer up
the fainting spirits, regulate the pant-
ing heart and give the confidence and
energy of perfect health. You half
believe it, don't you? A full, fair trial
will completely convince you and
prove that
flood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Jl; clx for |3.
FIFTY DEATHS
FROM THE HEAT
New York's Record for
One Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Fifty dead and
over 100 prostrations in one day is the
record of the heat in old New York
to-day. The sun beat relentlessly on
the sweltering city all day long. Night
followed almost like day and the deaths
from the heat were reported at inter
vals in the various city hospitals, police
headquarters and the Coroner's office.
A cold wave, accompanied by showers
and thunderstorms, is the prediction for
to-morrow night, but until then no re
lief is expected.
The highest point reached by the
thermometer to-day was at 2". o'clock,
when the mercury registered 92 de
grees. The humidity averaged 85 per
cent.
Following is a list of the dead: Ed
ward Renter, 32 years of age; Robert
Eaton, 54; John Sloan, 70; Joseph Bost
neti, 44; Philip . Patie, 15 days; Ellen
Potter, 40; Robert Maalupski.7 months;
Margaret Lavesy, 63 years; Winifred
Whalen, 44; Robert Miles, 3S; Samuel
Goodwin, 48; Lawrence Zenns, 40; Fred
erick C. Williams, 67; Lawrence Green,
30; Mary Cornell, 38; James Medine, 10
months; Ernest Garbreith, 33 years;
Minnie Mitchell, 39; Joshua Hudson, 65;
Hugh M. Devitt, 35; Edward Wall, 26;
Rocco Montasana,3B; Edward Evers, 4o;
Joseph Smith, 35; Eliza J. Goff, 70; Al
fred Gardner; Cornelius D. Klein;
Michael Alsick, 35; Patrick Devine, »0;
Charles Sehlman, 32; Charles Cohen;
Patrick Donovan, 50; J. Mihl, 78; Daniel
McCarthy, 26; Frederick Mosser: Wil
liam Harlan, 54; John Young, 45; Mit
toria ProlliJ, 26; Phiolemena Wandela,
25; John Brown, 27; David Keefe, 32;
Edward Seibert, 35; George Meyer, 28;
Charles Regel, 41; Louis Schomble, 45;
one unknown woman and three un
known men.
In Brooklyn there were six deaths
and fourteen prostrations.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— Three dead, six
critically ill and thirteen additional
prostrations is the heat record for to
day. It was the hottest of the five
days, on every one of which the mer
cury has been over 90. The mercury to
day reached 93. Those who died to-day
from the heat were: William Ahem, a
bookkeeper; Frank Schulfee, a carpen
ter; an unidentified man whose body
was found on Harrison street bridge.
The Algers 'Return to the Capital.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.— Secretary ana
Mrs. Alper returned to the city to-night
after their visit to Camp Wikoff with the
Presidential party.
M If You Ire Suffering From Catarrh You
Should Call or Write for the Ozo Treat-
ment. A Free and Fair Trial Treat-
ment Will Be Given to You.
OZO You can get a fair and
OZO free trial treatment of
OZO the great "Ozo" Cure for
OZO Catarrh. If ycu are suf-
OZO fering from Catarrh, call
OZO or write for a free trial
OZO of the "Ozo" Cure.
"^" Catarrh is curable, but it must
f\~lf\ be taken in time. You will know
*J£.\J now bad your case | S when you
A7A check off these symptoms 1
v# - v "Id the breath foul?"
OZO " Is the volce husk >' ? "
v "Do you spit up slime?"
OZO "Do you ache all over?"
"Is the nose stopped up?"
OZO '"Do you snore at night?"
"Does your nose discharge?"
OZO "Doos the nose bleed easily?"
7_7 _ "Is there tickling in the throat?"
OZO "Is the nose sore and tender?"
f\-*(\ "Do you sneeze a great deal?"
vfZ.il "Does the nose itch and burn?"
ny/v "Is there pain in front of head?"
\jL\j "is there pain across the eyes?"
20,000=«TESTIMONIALS«=20,000
| NO. ?8,96O"1 SUN RllfEß, Montana, August 14. 189 8 \
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE— Gentlemen: I have been under your treatment for an insidious disease, and; being a very
complicated and aggravated case to treat, and your having treated me so successfully, I wish to testify unsolicited to your skill as
physicians in treating such obstinate cases at such long distance and effecting permanent cures. I also wish to testify to your htibor m
gentlemen that will do all or more than all that you agree to do for the benefit of your patients. Mast respectfully yovrs t -'■■
JOHN B. TRAXLER.
HUDYAN CIRCULARS FREE. OZO TREATMENT FREE
«■ « i* HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE &X?
SHERMAN SAYS
WAR COULD HAVE
BEEN AVOIDED
Severely Criticizes Coogress for
Haviog Brought Or) tfje
Conflict.
Tbe Ex-Secretary of State Also Pays His Re
spects to Alger, and Says an Investi
gation Is in Order.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: Former Secretary of State
John Sherman talked to me very frank
ly to-day in regard to the Miles-Alger
controversy, the condition of the troops
and the responsibility for bringing on
the war. Mr. Sherman considered that
the war ws altogether unnecessary
and he severely criticized Congress for
having brought it on. He also made
the surprising statement that as Sec
retary of State he could have concluded
a treaty by which Spain would have
peaceably withdrawn from Cuba.
"I have no personal grievance against
Secretary Alger, nor am I engaged in
prosecuting an investigation of the
War Department at the instance or in
the interest of General Miles," said Mr.
Sherman. "All this talk about my try
ing to force an investigation of General
Alger because of some animosity I am
supposed to hold toward him is too ab
VESSEL WRECKED
BY A TORPEDO
Four Men Killed and
Two Wounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 3.-The Govern
ment steamboat John I. Mcigs was to
day destroyed by an explosion at St.
Philip. She had aboard Lieutenant Jervy
and a party engaged in removing the
torpedoes laid in the Mississippi River
during the beginning of the war. Lieu
tenant Jervy had a narrow escape. The
killed are:
CAPTAIN STARR, commander of the
boat.
SERGEANT JOHN NEWMAN, of the
engineers.
PAT CARLOS.
RALPH ROGERS.
Those wounded were Fritz Koch and
D. B. Reddy.
Major Quinn of the Engineer Corps
was advised to-night that the Meigs
had been blown up by a torpedo or
mine. The Government engineers had
OZO " Is there pain in back of head?"
___ "Is your sense of smell leaving?"
\j£A) "Do you hawk to clear throat?"
070 "Is there a dropping in throat?"
flTd "Is the throat dry in morning?"
**£.{) Do you sleep with the mouth
OZO open?
: "Are you losing your sense of
OZO taste?"
f\-j(\ "Does the nose stop up toward
U*-" 1 night?"
If you are suffering from
catarrh call or write for trial
i treatment of the "Ozo" Cure.
200 men and women used the
"Ozo" Cure last week. ; Do you
wish to use it?
A TEI4LIS FREE.
surd to require denial," continued Mr-
Sherman with all candor. .■. ■ . -•' . ;..
"I desire to say with all seriousness'," '
he added, "th t I have seen it stated.
upon unquestionable authority that
gross inefficiency has been displayed by
certain persons connected with the
army, and many of the brave fellows
who went out to battle for their coun
try were negl 'ted and deprived of such
attentions as they had a right to ex
pect from their government. ;•"'..
"In view of the daily disclosures w«
are receiving from • various camps, I
contend that the President should not.
hesitate to order a rigid investigation
and place the vf>npon,sibility where It
properly belongs. I have no unfriendly. .
feeling for Secretary Alger, and I have
no desire to see him prosecuted, but he
is the responsible head of the War.'.De
partment and these startling allegations
are made against his department. It
is quite possible that it. will be. found,
that some of his subordinates have. been
inefficient or neglectful of the duty im
posed upon them. That' might be dis
closed in an investigation." : \ . '-'.'■".-: ■■.'•'...
been unable to recover .■ the-, rritnes -and
torpedoes from shore by means of the
cables to which . they had : been at
tached, 'owing to the- . fact : that the .
sand in the river' had weighted them .
down and caused, the cables' to parti. .
On this account a crew wag •ordered .
down on the Meigs to gTapple for the
mines and bring them. to the surface.
The crew had almost completed ..the ;
work when the. accident occiirr»^:. The .
Meigs sank out of sight in. deep water.: ;
Carlos and Newman,- . among those :
lost, belong to the United States .En
gineer Battalion tha.t came here ..some. .
time ago from Willets Point,. N..T-.- :••■
Captain Starr is from. Vicksburg. but.
is a Northern man and was -with the .
fleet during the attack ort Vicksburg.
ONLY TWO HAD GOL*>.
SEATTLE, Sept. 3.— The Del
Norte arrived to-day from St. Michael
with 100 disappointed' miners, some of
whom were almost penniless. Two' of the
Del Norte's passengers had gold dust.
They were Peter Johnson and I*. Langen
ford, who have been in Alaska for the
past fourteen years. They brought out
about $50,000 worth of dust, which was
taken from me Little Minook district.
Suits Against the Randall Bank.
EUREKA, Sept. 3.— The sixth suit
against the stockholders of the Randall
Banking Company was commenced to
day by G. A. Stewart, as assignee of the
claims of depositors, amounting to $7000,
making the total demands for the six
suits $22,000. Other suits will follow.
fldufc'
Is your birthright. jltj It is. a gift : .
from nature. If :yoii have lost
or dissipated or frittered ; away •
the best portion of your : young ."
life, now is the time to make an •
effort to regain what is lost.
The feeble and .the premature
are those who have disobeyed
the laws of man and the laws .-
of science. Now • .man: :
with a knowledge of sciehce-r— a .
deep and widespread ! knowl- . '
edge — and he says: • Be a man.
Get back your strength - and :
vigor. How? say : you. : /.cThV' ;
answer is: Use the remedy
treatment, HUDYAN; .. v;v
HUDYAN can be hadonly •;
from the doctors of the Hudson .
Medical Institute. It is a treat- :
ment. No one else knows the
secret. HUDYAN restores man Y
to the glorious prime and vigor
of his true self. HUD YA-iJT is a -"
scientific treatment for nervous ' 7
disorders. HUD VAN .•:. cures ■'.•■"
Varicocele, Hydrocele, Sper- ,
matorrhoea, Nervousness, Sleep, • :
lessness. You should .consult
the Hudson doctors • about
HUDYAN, or write- for: dir^ji- ' :
lars and Testimonials. . ■■■■■■.-■ - : .< '
Hudson Medical Institute ; !■
Stockton, Market Ellis Sts,, lt : ' :
BLOOD POISON Soon tell  : v 3
BLOOD POISON Sift&W'SS
BLOOD^POISON^i^^w^- 3^
BLOOD POISON &^2*gr«-t£2» ■"
blood:poison^v^lS^ : -
BLOOD POISON Thlrt^'^ ■ f'.
Consult Hudson Medical Doctors Free . ;KHARTOUM
REPORTED TO
HAVE FALLEN
Story of Fearful Slaughter
flmong the Opposing
Arrives Unconfirmed.
But It Is K.o° wn That Omdurman
is Captured arjd Y\zrr Neufeld
Rescued.
•NDON, Sept 3.— A report which
Jacks confirmation is current here this
evening that the Anglo-Egyptian forces
httve captured Khartoum. It is said
the loss or" the Anglo-Egyptian army is
2*oo men while that ot the Dervishes is
placed at 8000.
': Up to a late hour this evening no in
fnrrnniinn of tho capture oi. Khartoum
'.had been received at the Foreign or
"War ( utice.
CAIRO, Sept. 4, 2 a. m.— The follow
ing, dispatch dated yesterday (Satur
day.) has just been received from Nazy:
"Early this morning the Dervishes
• made a must determined attack upun
.the Anglo-Egyptian forces, but after
an hour's hard lighting we drove them
. off. At S a. m. a general advance was
ord-ered upon Omdurman, and again we
were received with a determined at
tack on our right, but the Dervishes
■were once mure repulsed with b
loss. The army, under the personal
command <>f the Khalifa, was totally
dispersed by nocrn. At 2 o'clock ihis
: afternoon our forces advanced again
arid occupied Omdurman. The Khalifa
fled during the forenoon and is now be ■
. in; 4 closely pursued by our cavalry. The
British loss is estimated at about 100;
the Egyptian loss is probably about 200.
Karl Neufeld was rescued unharmed."
H< rr Karl Neufeld, who is referred
to in the foregoing dispatch from Cairo
as rescued unharmed from the Derv
ishes, iell into the hands of the Mahdi's
followers in the neighborhood of Don
gola in the late spring or early summer
of lv 7. He was the last European
made captive at importance remaining
in the power of the Dervishes. Various
accounts are given of his early career.
According to the Neves Weiner Tage
blatt, Neufeld, shortly after the con
clusion of his college course at Leipsic,
where he studied medicine, severely
wounded an opponent in a duel, and
was obliged to go abroad. He settled as
a physician at Assouan, Upper jJgypt,
where he practiced his profession from
1ST!) to 1881.
When the rising of the Mahomed
.Aclniied cook place In the latter year,
Hcrr Neufc-ld was obliged to give up
his residence at Assouan. While yet at
. the university he had given many
proofs of his hardihood of character
and love of adventure and he now
Joined tht English troops.
During the operations in the Soudan
as an interpreter of the Arabic lan
guage, in which position his knowledge
of the people and of their political "re
lations, together with his shrewdness
and courage, caused him to be highly
appreciated. In 1888 he saved a whole
1 hmtnt of English soldiers by put
tiiiK the enemy on the wrong scent. For
tins he was appointed purveyor to the
.British troops, in which capacity he set
up business at Assouan and established
branches in other parts of the country.
In April, ISS7, he set out on a journey
: ostensibly for the purpose of trade
with a' caravan of over forty retainers.
Various accounts were given of the ob
jects, of his expedition, one being that
it- was' undertaken with a view of res
cuing. S.latin Pasha, then a prisoner of
the Mahdi, while other accounts repre
gented that he was merely trying to
ascertain- the position of the enemy.
.: Evidently recognizing the danger h<;
was about to run, Neufeld before
leaving: Assouan, deposited his money
in an English bank and .sent his wife
.and only child to his relatives at Leip
slc. His. apprehension proved to be but
too well founded. Through the treach
ery cif an Arab he and his whole cara-
Tan wore taken by the Dervishes. The
first r.tport received after his capture
was that the whole party were be
headed. A later report represented that
/Ne.ufel.d had been spared, but placed in
fetters. :
Finally a letter was received from
hjrr.p^lf. dated Khartoum, where ho
.■■ :'■ : . ADVERTISEMENTS.
■*'* f IH •* ■ T if 1 fO^ snow HctiHng.
■ ll*^ Ji f^flfc young woman
.. . Jfe7^/H C* A y fi\ in ten nowa-
3 C^fCX da 7 s would
c r 7 " ( /*/ \ ASpwiniii are to run out
•'■'• I >-• • ■ /// V )0n I bare headed
v /0I VI Hill I and bare hand-
l. >of/ ( JL l^ an<^ frolic
T^^jJl Ug^v lplii^] and snow ball
■'■'•'•' XI V^ n midwinter.
"*> ' L|Hir» TH». a 'J \-^ They have to
SjtimnflWaJw > De muffled up
Ti mlStAjk^Vj^^ like hot-house
ft^iflj^a^f/ .flowers before
• '9*©' m^* JJL ~~ they dare yen-
■'■. \ Jpf. M jG \ — " tare oat in se-
■ jj: A I/t\ * vere weather,
. : /_/? Mk / l\\ — and even then
.%? MSB *"/ IW— would shudder
jffMK \l IQA at the tho l l Kht
: xSaEfift 1/ I Jp^ of rollicking in
■ . iL^^* esr* ° w a s
.'■. ! •. -c%2S»&S^*^ ■■* -*• their grand-
■'..'■ • mothers did.,
• .... The trouble lies in the fact that too few
..-.. Women enjoy perfect health and strength
.-.- .of .the special womanly organism. A worn-
" ' -jfen who is not well and strong locally can-
. Hot enjoy good general health. Dr. Pierces
.■• |favorite Prescription cures all weakness
■\ .pad disease of the delicate and important
• •.' organs concerned in wifehood and mother-
;. hood! It is the most perfect and scientific
.'••.remedy ever devised for the peculiar ail-
.^nients of women. It restores womanly
-•' bower, strength and virility. It tones and
-.-.. builds up the nerves which have been shat-
. tered by suffering and disease. It corrects
'.all-.itsegiilarities and derangements and
; \ stops exhausting drains. It restores weak,
'•■ nervous invalids to perfect health. It is
'.intended for this one class of disorders and
• is good for no other. It is the discovery of
• Dr. R. V. Pierce, for thirty years chief con-
• salting physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y. No
• Other known medicine can take its place.
• '■";." I have been troubled with female weakness
that my physician called catarrh of the womb,"
• writes Miss Tean Conner, of Catfish. Clarion C 0.,"
• .Pa.- "I doctored* for it and did riot get better.
•. .At taut I commenced taking Dr. Pierce Favorite
Prescription. I got better right along and when
'.' I had taken four bottles was cured. I reconr-
" . meaded the 'Favorite Prescription to a friend
.of mine. She has been using it and thinks it
is wonderful."
Constipation is a little illness that if
'neglected builds a big one. Dr. Pierces
: ' Pleasant Pellets cure constipation. Oae
little "Pellet" is ajrentle laxative and two'
■ * mild cathartic. They never gripe.
... , p _ : .
said he was being treated in a very
friendly manner by the Mahdi. He near
ly lost his life when the Mahdi was told
that Neufeld was an English or Egyp
tian spy sent to ascertain whether
Mudlr Mustapa Pasha was favorable
to the English. The Mahdi, highly in
censed, declared that he regretted not
having hanged Neufeld and had him
loaded with chains and cast into
prison, where he remained four years.
Ultimately a scarcity of powder arose
in the Soudan and Neufeld's knowledce
of chemistry was brought into requisi
tion for its manufacture. It appears
that he collected saltpeter and made
the explosive, but the same narratives
that gave this information described
him as still in fetters and carrying iron
rings upon both feet.
His next clever exploit was subse
quent to- the death of the Mahdi and
under the rule of the Khalifa. Neufeld
decorated the tomb of the Mahdi, whose
dome the xiritish gunboats have just
partially demolished, and did the work
so effectively that, according to Father
Rossignoli, who escaped from Khar
toum in lSi>4, the widows of the prophet
were "quite touched."
After that he became a mechanic,
and still, according to Father Rossig
noli, "tried all ports of inventions and
took the greatest trouble to construct a
machine for making coins." Meanwhile
he appears to have "acted as editor"
of the Khalifa's proclamations, in addi
tion to writing books and illustrating
th^m himself for a limited circulation
among the Dervishes. At the time of
the escape of Blatin Pasha it waa
feared that Neufeld's life would be
fcgain in danger, but this did not prove
to be the case.
MURDER CHARGED
BY A DYING MAN
Accusation Against an
Aged Negro.
MYSTERY OF NAPA COUNTY
PROPRIETOR OF A SUMMER RE-
SORT KILLED.
Makes an Ante-Mortem Statement
Declaring That He Was the
Victim of a Colored
Assassin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept. 3.— Napa County has a
mystery. Addison J. Allen, proprietor
of the summer resort known as the
Solid Comfort Home, is dead and the
last words he uttered accused John P.
Clemens, an old and apparently harm
less negro, of having been the cause
of his death.
Alien was for more than thirty years
In the employ of the W. T. Garratt &
Co. brass foundry of San Francisco,
but about three years ago he came to
Xapa and established in the Redwoods,
twelve miles northwest of here, a sum
mer resort. John P. Clemens, who was
accused of murder by the dying man,
worked for Allen during the winter be
fore last and there arose a dispute over
wages. The Aliens claim Clemens made
threats at the time but disappeared
shortly afterward. A few days ago he
returned to Napa and sued the Aliens
and on Tuesday last the case was de
cided against him.
On Thursday Allen was in town and
before leaving he managed to get him
self under the influence of liquor. He
was Eeen whipping his horse into a
run on the road home. Late Thursday
afternoon he was found in the lane
leading to Buhman's dairy, about three
miles from Napa, with his head crushed
and otherwise badly injured. Buhman
sent him home under the care of a man
and a doctor was called in. Allen did
not regain consciousness until Friday
morning and then he claimed that
Clemens met him, and, dragging him
out of the wagon, beat him into insen
sibility.
An examination disclosed several ribs
fractured, the skull crushed and severe
internal injuries. Allen died early this
morning. The Coroner went to his
place this morning and held an inquest.
Aliens ante-mortem statement, as
read to the jury, was as follows:
John Clemens struck me and did this.
He came out of the brush on the left side
of road, coming home, and with a piece of
iron or Kaspipe or a club in his hand
rushed up behind me and Ftruok me on
the head and neck two or three times I
remember no more.
I believe I am dying and cannot live. I
fully understand the importance of this
statement and make it a.s a (lying state
ment that John Clemens did the striking
striking me two or three t'mes.
The Coroner's jury's verdict was as
follows:
The dead man, A. F. Allen, a native of
Kentucky, aged 65 years, came to his
death on September 2, from injury re
ceived from a club or some instrument
and we verily believe that said instru
ment was in the hands of John Clemens
Clemens was arrested to-night and
lodged in prison.
On Thursday before leaving town Al
len came to Constable Secord and told
him he was afraid of Clemens and ask
ed him to arrest the colored man. The
officer told him he could not arrest
Clemens without a warrant.
Clemens when seen by The Call cor
respondent this afternoon said he could
prove an alibi. He claimed to have
been in the company of a colored man
named Cannon, who hauls wood from
the redwoods. Cannon coroborates him
and Clemens appears to not fear ar
rest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
DEATH KNELL
TO GANG RULE
DULY SOUNDED
People of San Jose Will
Beat Boss Rea.
FUSION TO WIN THE FIGHT
MEN NAMED FOR OFFICE WHO
ARE NOT CORRUPT.
Some Dispute Between. Democrats
and Populists, but the Good
Government League Will
Avoid Discord.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3.— After two days
of conventions, in which Populists,
Democrats and the Good Government
League have held numerous confer
ences, steps looking to a solid fusion of
these forces have been taken. For the
first time there promises to be a union
of reform forces that mcajis the de
feat of the Rea gang in the fall elec
tion. Never were there brighter pros
pects for casting aside gang rule, and
all reformers realize this. Democrats,
Good Government League men and
Populists are hard at work to bring
abcmt harmony and concentration on
one ticket. This will surely be accom
plished, and a committee of ten from
each of these three parties has been
named to adjust all differences. At
present there are two places on the
ticket on which the parties cannot
agree, but prominent members to-night
say these defects will be remedied. The
good anti-gang work inaugurated by
the Democrats and Populists yesterday
was continued to-day by the Good
Government League and Populists.
The Good Government League and
Populist conventions were in session all
day, the former not adjourning until 9
o'clock to-night. Both conventions were
noisy and at times turbulent, but after
the meetings were over the delegates
expressed a desire for most any kind of
ticket that would down Kea.
This last sentiment points to com
plete annihilation of the Rea gang.
The Good Government League conven
tion was an adjourned one from last
Saturday. They had secured the nom
ination of Kittredge for Superior Judge
by. the Democrats and suggested that
Chipman be named as Superintendent
of Schools. These demands were grant
ed, and the meeting to-day was to de
cide whether they would indorse the
nominations made by the Democrats.
Many members of the Good Govern
ment League wanted Lyndon for Sher
iff and refused to accept Bollinger, the
Democratic nominee, because of his
strong gang proclivities. This resulted j
in much wrangling, which extended
through the afternoon and Into the j
evening. At one time the discussion
was so hot that D. H. Bryant, a dele
gate from Moreland, withdrew from
the convention.
Later it was agreed to postpone a
choice for Sheriff until next Saturday.
The same action was taken in the case
of the Democratic nominations of T. W.
Treanor for Recorder. M. D. Kell for
Coroner and A. L. Veuve for Auditor,
because no one was ready to vouch
that they were anti-gang. For Dis
trict Attorney F. B. Brown and J. H.
Campbell were mentioned, but this se
lection was also deferred. The stand-
Ing of these candidates was left to a
committee to report at the next meet
ing.
The convention indorsed the following
Democratic nominees: Superior Judge,
A. S. Kittredge; Assepsor, L. A. Spit
zer; Clerk, H. A. Pfister; Tax Collector,
W. A. January. The league named E.
W. Conant for Treasurer and L. J.
Chipman for Superintendent of Schools.
A. T. Hermann, another league mem
ber, was put up for Surveyor in place
of P. C. Sainsevain, Democrat. Jus
tices San Jose Township, J. T. Wallace,
J. L. Riddle; Constables, R. L. Henin
ger, S. F. Bennett.
A special committee of ten was ap
pointed to meet like committees from
the Populists and Democrats to arrange
for filling the offices in dispute.
In the Populist convention this morn
ing there was general dissatisfaction
over the action of the Democratic con
vention. Spee<%ies were made against
accepting proffered fusion, and for a
time it looked as though a straight
ticket would be named. They finally
indorsed the following Democratic
nominees: A. S. Kittredge for Judge,
H. A. Pfister for Clerk, W. A. January
for Tax Collector T. W. Treanor for Re
corder, A. L. Veuve for Auditor, M. D.
Kell for Coroner and L. A. Spitzer for
Assessor.
L. J. Chipman was named for Super
intendent of Schools and A. T. Her
mann for Surveyor. These are both
Good Government nominees. F. B.
Brown and J. J. Rhaner, Populists, were
nominated for Dtstrict Attorney and
Treasurer, respectively, and James H.
Lyndon for Sheriff. R. M. Phelps was
indorsed for Supervisor In the First
District and John Roll in the Fourth
District. Other indorsements were: City
Justice, W. T. Aggeler; Township Jus
tices, K. M. Rosenthal, J. L. Riddle;
Constables, R. L. Heninger, A. G. Hin
man.
MISS RUTH VIDAVER
MARRIED AT PARIS
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Miss Ruth
Vidaver, a daughter of Rev. Falk Vi
daver, who up to several years ago was
rabbi of the Post-street Synagogue,
Kan Francisco, was married in Paris on
/.'•~ust 4 to P. Henri Fontaine. The
marriage, which has just been made
public, will surprise the friends of Miss
Vidaver almost as much as the news
Burprised her family when they learn
ed It several days after the ceremony.
Miss Vidaver, who Is well known in
San Francisco, has been in Europe for
eighteen months engaged in the culti
vation of her voice.
Mr. Fontaine is 45 years old and very
wealthy. Ke is the owner of large dia
mond mines and cultivates sugar ex
tensively in the East.
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF
ORLEANS WILL SEPARATE
VIENNA, Sept. 3.— ln spite of the ef-
forts of the Emperor of Austria and
of the leading members of the Royal
ist party in France, a separation has
been decided upon between the Duke
and Duchess of Orleans. The Duchess,
a high-spirited Princess of the impe
rial house of Hapsburg. declines to
submit any longer to the brutality,
coarseness and violent temper of her
husband. He, on his side, is nothing
loth to part from a consort who is in
no way congenial to him; who disap
pointed him in remaining childless and
has failed to secure for him access to
certain foreign courts that had re
mained closed upon his marriage.
%% > Hj
jp §^ mi
Mm
ARE
J«^j)/ F TRUMP*
There's
Magic
in the *
Shovels.
Men's New
Fall Styles
In Suits and Over-
coats —
$14 values,
$12 values,
$11 values,
In pretty plaids,
neat mixtures ; also
blues and blacks ;
full of swell tailor-
ing.
Shovels are your
mascot. They name
the price to-day at
tp6.00«
7, MEN'S DUCK f
/ jl TROUSERS.
i / lk. 1 pairs of
Jl 'em. made to fit,
A ■!. jK\ 'Ijl large hem at
I,! 1 i M| HI /Ac bottom and
1 I (X; fully shrunk.
„' || " "Here's a chancs;
Native Sons. I
L_ii j—l Monday at
H 98c.
MILITARY
§LEGGINS.
/Jf j About 150
itm nL [i\\ pairs of tan
il'/f 4 ffl IV Military Leg-
ll ft! I \W 4 in8 > very st v l -
Ail! 4 ////^ *** and a per-
y § '/ I feet craze in
JJ J I New York.
7____J\J\ On sale Mon-
y^r day at
69c.
' ..'■ -■."--..-■. ■;■■■■■'■■ " ■ " -
GOVERNOR BUDD'S
WISHES RESPECTED
In Mustering Out California Vol
unteers the War Department
Heeded His Advice.
Call Office. Rigss House, Washington, Sept. 3.
In the matter of the musrer-ng out of the Sixth and Seventh Reg
iments of California volunteers, it was learned to-day that the War
Department had decided on the action as far back as August 22.
The following telegraphic correspondence between that department
and Governor Budd will no doubt prove of interest to the peaple of
California:
Washington, D. C, Aug. 22, 1898.
The Governor of California, Sacramento, Cal.: In the muster
out of troops in the immediate future two regiments from your
State will be kept in service. Will you advise me at once which two
regiments you would prefer to have retained in service.
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
Sacramento, Cal., Sept. 1, 1898.
Hon. Secretary of War, Washington, D. C. : The Tlrst and Eighth
Regiments, California Volunteers, should be retained in the service.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
When the demand of the Seventh California to be mustered out
of service became emphatic there were many people who interested
themselves in bringing about the consummation apparently so
much desired. Among these was A. M. Lawrence, managing editor
of the Examiner, who made known in large type and by wire the
course he wished the Government to pursue. Nobody excepting him
self cared particularly. The next day, Saturday, Lawrence printed
an answer from the adjutant general of the army, stating that the
Seventh was to be eliminated from the service. At once the man
aging editor hopped to the conclusion that his message had ac
complished all this, patted his own back and proceeded to hump it
into position to be patted by the admiring throng. As a matter of
demonstrated fact, Lawrence had as much to do with the destiny of
the Seventh as with the rising of the sun. That certain Californian
troops were to be mustered out had been determined as long ago as
August 22, and the selection of the regiments was left to the Gov
ernor. That Budd's decision reached Washington about the same
time that the Lawrence message got there was a coincidence which
absolutely failed to rattle the War Department, but it gave Law
rence a chance to swell, and he swelled.
FLOW OF YELLOW METAL.
The Treasury Gold Reserve Steadily
Climbing Upward.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The grold in
the treasury is steadily climbing upward,
and to-day again broke a record, with a
reserve total of $220,916,282, the highest in
the hlstorv of the reserve funu.
United States Treasurer Robert, speak
■3B n w H w>
MEN'S
UNDERWEAR.
200 dozen of
!~~ ST — I all-wool medi-
\^ — cated, Derby -
:': ' I? to»; ~~ ribbed . Under-
J|| 1 I>. wear, Scotch
I - i|| wool, worth $2
HI. s |1 per garment, in
| UHwitttflllllirißP 111 1 natural, flesh
| llii[ii ...,. v Mi ™ 1 a/i^ mode.
lH^^Z^M Shoveling 'em
out at
98c.
V^ •
3-11-13-15 KEARNY ST.
ing of the upward trend of the gold in
the treasury, said that out of about $40 -
000.000 yet to be paid in fur tne new war
loan, it is likely that $25,00v,000 or $30,000,
000 will be In gold.
"It would not be at all strange," he
said, 'if before the tide turns our total
gold will be considerably over $200 000,000."
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-10» Mission.
ADVEBTISEICENTS.
yflU V Ij Ij^
ARE OUR
SALESMEN!
They Do the Talking.
They're Dollar- savers.
They're Value-givers.
We have shut our eyes to cost.
We Want Results.
Our very choicest stock has been cut
in half
Shovels
Are
Price=
Cutters.
Their worh is quick
and decisive. They have
cut into our finest Suits,
our finest Overcoats,
values up to $20 and
$22.50.
Those pretty electric
blue serges, those new
novelties in fancy over-
plaids, in French wors-
teds that are so swell, in
the single and double
breasted styles. The
Overcoats are marvels of
beauty and excellence ;
no tailor can better 'em.
These values will create
a sensation. They're
shoveled out at
$11.45.
BOYS'
HOSE.
/ Boys' heavy,
mm r.ibb ed, fast
J|jS| black Stoch-
3|*p- 1 ings, .some 300
K&E?a i dozen, our regie-
% ribbed, fast
black Stock-
ings, some 300
dozen, our regu-
lar 25 c Hose,
_ ==^^^^^ i Derby ribbed;
Bwl S^ good values at
double the
Monday at
I(>U Pen
12(2v pair.
WANTS BONDS OF
PACIFIC ROADS
Secretary Gage's Notice
of Redemption.
WILL PAY OUT $14,004,560
THIS ACTION TAKEN TO CHECK
ACCRUING INTEREST.
Circular Issued by the Head of the
Treasury Department Calling
for the "Currency
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day issued the
following circular, offering to redeem
the balance of the bonds issued to the
Pacific roads:
Treasury Department, Office of the Sec
retary, Washington,' D. C. September 3,
189$.— By virtue of authority contained in
existing law. the Secretary of the Treas
ury hereby gives public notice that Unit
ed States 6 per cent bonds of the face
value of $14,004,560 issued under acts of
July 1. 1862, and July 2. 1864. in aid of cer
tain Pacific railroads, as stated below and
commonly known as "currency sixes,"
will be redeemed at any time during the
month of September with the interest to
and including December 31, 1898, less a re
bate of one-half of 1 per cent upon the
face value of the bonds. The bonds are
denominations of Si.oo, $5000 and $10,000
and were issued in aid of the following
named railroads: Central Pacific Rail
road. $9,197,000; Union Pacific Railroad
$3,157,000; Western Pacific Railroad, $1,650 -
560; total $14,004,560.
Packages containing bonds forwarded
for redemption should be addressed to
"The Secretary of the Treasury, Division
of Loans and Currency, Washington D
C," and the bonds should be assigned to
the Secretary of the Treasury redemp
tion.
Assignment must be dated and properly
acknowledged as prescribed in tne note
printed on the back of each bond. Where
checks in payment are desired in favor
of any one but the payee, the bonds
should be assigned to the "Secretary of
the Treasury for redemption for account
of ." (Here Insert the name of the
person to whose order the check should
be made payable.)
LTMAN J. GAGE.
Secretary of the Treasury.
According to an eminent legal local
Long Will You
Remember
the Shovels! y ;
. MILITARY MIDDIES. 
A swell lot of Long .Pants .
Military Middy Suits, in. Vinos :'
cheviots , elegantly .' made, .
trimmed with military buttons:, <
many colorings of soutache :
braid, cross flags embroidered-
on the vest, ages 3 to 12 years, ; .
Monday a* ■.-:■■- ':■ [.'■[.■■ ""
tpo»88» ;-;fi:- r '
The same suits in short pants, .'.
military style, at - '■' ':■■.'■..': ".'
$3.35. '■'•■■;} \';'.'{:
o I jyj Knee Pants. : ;
- I 1000 pairs of
' I! Knee Pants in
Wjjl ' Jmj7{ pretty wo o l ■'.■
Milt uJilll Scotches, made:
4uh o wJJIII with patent
« A waistbands. .;..•. ■
— Sale is limited :
to Monday on at . •■•..: .: :
19c. ■••:;' 4 i;}l
A PLUM FOR MONDAY;
A tiny ticket . ■' •' '■';•■• .••;'•
on 300 Pretty ■ $&&L '"'•'/"!■<
Cheviot Middy ]\ /-" '■.'.>■
Suits, with '■ '■'''■'
vests, ages 3to i^%Jf^^\ '"■' '■' ■
10 years, very /J^ft^j .].• ■' '
pretty colorings, v^o/lv y. I '-'
a sweet little /?/4 0 JJ. . •:;•
Suit, worth at Wl^TcZj
least $3.50. IIAIP "
Mothers, here's UJ v*L ■../.■
j a case of grab. «| S•" . •■;•
i Monday at vi j^ •; ■• •
JM.7B. **. : .
REEFER TOP COATS. :
§ In swell Erig-. '
*l~i) lish tan coverts,
single - breasted '■
/) or double--
I I j^^ breast ed ■ style, ']
t?V with large pearl
E? li^^K buttons, a very
== ' /tfo(\ mannish coat,.. ■
Wr — fuT worth. $7.50 to .
\j~/ft °^J $8.00, ages. 3 16 ■"...
|~f/4-.^.i (7 10 years. ,Sh6u--r;
\JI u/w eled out at '..'■. '. % ' -.-
$4.48,: v;
*— — — — • ■ . .'■..
authority there is no special sigTiifi.-/:
cance attached to the treasury call for
the redemption of these bonds. .It- is:.;
simply done to stop the interest oil ' 'ih"e-.-'. :
bonds, whose owners, if they turn them '-..
into the treasury this month, will-get '■
their money in full with intcres.t up tQ :': '
and including- December 31, IS9'S, : ilesfs -.
the rebate mentioned in the- circular. .
The Government evidently has ; the
money on hand, and the presumption ■'■■
is that it has the authority, by .taking. .
this course, to stop any further- pay-.',
ment of interest, whether the owners ....
of the bonds desire to surrender' them '.
or not. This redemption has nothing ■■
whatever to do with any foreclosure '
proceedings. So far as. the Uniop -Par ..'
cific is concerned, that railroad !iss now.-;.-
the absolute property of its recent' pur- '•'•;
chasers who paid the Government \an
agreed sum for a title to it. ' . ■ '/:'■'.■
IRRIGATION CONGRESS
CONCLUDES ITS WORK
CHEYENNE. Sept. 3.— The sesslpn of- .
the third and closing day of the Seventh
Annual Irrigation Congress opened, wl'th v
an increased attendance, the California ' .
delegation, which had been delayed by' a
washout, having arrived. The report oTf
the committee on resolutions w.as pre- •
sented by Judge Emery of Washington,
the chairman.
The resolutions favor an appropriation
of not less than $100,000 for hydrographle
surveys, for the measurement of streams
and the survey of reservoir sites; strong
ly commend the care of forests begun by
the Secretary of the Interior, and urge
the formation of a forestry bureau and
Sixes."
an i appropriation by Congress sufficient- •
for Its support and management; also -,
upon the States legislation to ' prevent
forest fires; favor the suggestion of Pro
fessor Sargent of Harvard University that •
instruction in forestry be given at West
Point to prepare army officers 1 for" an
intelligent understanding of forestry ad
ministration; commend the action of Cor
nell University in instituting a school of ■
forestry; favor the creation in the Depart- .
ment of Agriculture of a bureau of irriga
tion and a liberal appropriation for its
support; express cordial appreciation
of the value of irrigation investi
gations already made by agricultural
experiment stations and recommend
that they give Increased attention .
to - the arid States; request the Con
gress of. the United States to make suffi
cient appropriations : to construct the res- :
ervoir surveyed at Buttes,- Ariz.;' and to
construct a watershed reserve near Butte,
Mont.; provide that a committee of five be •
appointed to present a bill to the Congress
regulating and establishing uniform meth
ods for appropriation and control- of the
waters of Interstate streams; reaffirm the
resolutions of. the Phoenix congress on .
reservoirs, of the Lincoln congress on the
public ownership of the water, and of
the Phoenix ; congress on the • cession of '
public lands ■• to the ' States under strict
conditions ■• insuring settlement, : and in
dorse the Chittenden report favoring con
struction of reservoirs and the . recom
mendation of Elwood Mead favoring the
leasing ;of .' the grazing . lands. . ••■.,, ,-
After authorizing the ■ president to ■ ap
point a congressional committee of seven-'-' ~
to look . after irrigation legislation,' Uj«
congress adjourned sine die. . _.. .,
34
NO CONSIDERATION
SHOWN OUR BOYS
BEFORE MANILA
Even Their Letters Held Up Be
cause They Had Not the
Price of Stamps.
Mismanagement Apparent From the Time the
First California Went Aboard the
Transports.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
' Special Correspondence of The Cn!!.
: rA.Mi' DKWKY, HEADQUARTERS
•-OF: THE FIRST CALIFORNIA VOL
•UNTEERS, WITH THE AMERICAN
\AfR-MX OF OCCUPATION BEFORE
,'jrAXILA, July 25.— The news has just
•teen' wigwagged across from the fleet
Ybefor.e Cavf'te that Major General
■Svierritt has arrived with the third
expedition for the conquest of the
■..•capital of Luzon. I saw only one
■ship come up the bay from Cor
i.regidor Island, standing on the
beach just below camp, but the Ameri
can-fleet is six miles away, and with
:-;th.e .great southeast monsoon ( blowing
it. is difficult to make more than the
/.outlines of a vessel, at that distance. I
.know,- at all events, that General Mer
,r.|.tt has come.
■•■ The arrival of General Merritt, as a
: matter of course, means the beginning
,o.f "the end. Whether an assault will be
• rrtade upon Manila before the arrival of
•the "Monterey I do not know, but I am
•inclined to think the admiral will wait.
■ Dewey is a brave man, as all men
•/know, and 1 would be the last to cast
'.doubt upon his perfect willingness and
'.entire ability to take Manila alone as
; neuters stand now. The admiral has a
\brave man's discretion, and will prob-
; ably argue that it will be of small avail
'; 'to risk his chips of war when he will
have at his disposition at once upon the
..•arrival of the Monterey a vessel against
:>\7hich all the modern great guns pos
• sessed by Spain" could thunder away
'forever and do no harm.
.': ; The situation here should be
■ Understood at home by this tune.
-Tliere are formidable shore' bat
.-•teries in Manila, in the walled city,
-. along the Luneta and at Malate. The
".Spaniards, ii is true! cannot shoot, but
■ t.hey might, by chance, hit a ship, and
'one shot would sink the vessel. By
■ putting the Monterey forward as his
first line the admiral would avoid all
. risk of this, and the balance of his
■squadron, tiring above the monitor at
.lunger range, would be fully as effect
. ive as though stationed close in shore.
•/■•All this in the event of a bombard
ment of Manila. If Augusti gives up
.without a fight we will, still have our
•friends, the rebels, to settle with. It Is
. with these same rebels, in my opinion,
CAPTAIN (lEARY OF THE FIRST CALIFORNIA DISCOVERS A
SPANISH OUBLIETTE, OR SEALED DUNGEON.
• .the. boys from California will have most
of their fighting to di Bo soon as Agui
-. naldo discovers that the United States
is not going to make him a present 'of
.a. Philippine republic on a silver salver
he. will grow uglier than he is now, and
his followers will break up into as
many factions as he now has advisers.
■ Jt will be the Indian wars over again,
with the difference that every Togallo
has ail the vices of, the Apache, with
some Asiatic variations.
Colonel Smith ■. has just called me
from my tent — from his tent, rather,
for I am his guest for this campaign
through his courtesy— to witness the
beautiful ceremony of a flag raising.
Or" course the First California has had
:!ta Sac up in front of headquarters
'.since it has been in camp. It was a
.small flag upon a small pole. The offi
cers deemed it proper, the California
being the first regiment in camp and
■ the camp having grown from a bat
talion to a. brigade, to *port a larger
: flag on a higher pole, and so a slender
staff of bamboo, ,40 feet long, was cut
.and. the. banner, with the. beautiful ac
companying ceremony, has- just been
broken out far overhead, while officers
and men stood uncovered at the base
of the staff. The American flag flies
on the shore of Luzon now, where.it
can.be Been plainly from the Spanish
trenches, and California leads the army
In flaunting the emblem of freedom be
fore the eyes of the Dons.
It is to be hoped, for the sake of men
and officers 'both, that a paymaster has
come down on the fleet with General
Mi rrltt. The other soldiers wore.naid
• before they left San Francisco. The
Californians, first -.to rcspond'to the Ball
of arms, were sent into a strange land
to meet now: <■' conditions practically
without a cent : to V. bless .them
selves with. The " resultant condition
cannot be imagined by people at home
with all the comforts of life at , their
doors.. The boys have borne it bravely.
There is only one extreme case" 'of
nostalgia In the ranks that I know of,
and'l will not give the lad's name, be
cause I believe he will recover and be
properly , ashamed of himself in: time.
The fact that the boys have borne
themselves well does not . excuse the
negligence of those officials who sent
them, improperly equipped, ; into a far
away land with no means wherewith
they could 1 purchase proper equipment;
It is not as if the United States, like
Spain, were bankrupt. The boys all
know Uncle Ram has plenty of money,
and if he had not they would Rive him
their blood freely. Knowing ho had
money, they were willing to trust him.
New they llnd, "000 miles away from
home, that Uncle Sam is not willing,
in his turn, to trust these men for the
postage stamps necessary to send their
letters home. It is a pretty hard deal
when you come to think of it — and the
boys are helpless. Small wonder there
was a howl when they heard the
American Consul at Hongkong had
held up their letters for postage, and
that after the circular of the Postmas
ter General to the effect that mall
marked "soldier's letter" would he car
ried to its destination without prepay
ment <>f postage. The officers are as
badly off as the men. "Why money is so
scarce in this camp that even the
Tagallos, most enterprising merchants
in a land where everybody seems to
have something to Fell and nobody Is
ever seen to buy, every hut in every
village being a small store for the dis
position of fish, or sugar, or betel, or
cocoanuts, or mangoes, or native gin,
have about ceased to peddle their
■wares to the First Regiment. Can you
picture, in your mildest imagination, a
crowd of Cailfornlans without money
wherewith to gratify their extrava
gances? That anomaly I have seen,
though I have had to travel across an
ocean and a sea for the sight. The
higher officers here are not to blame,
either. They must go by th?lr orders,
as the mr-n do. It has been a case of
pure negligence on the part of the Pay
master's Department, and it is a negli
gence the newspapers of America
should see to it is not repeated in this
war.
As a matter of fact I do not think
there ever was a campaign undertaken
with more complete lack of knowledge
on the part of its managers than this
in Manila. General Anderson has made
maps of the country about the city
since he has been on the ground. Thrre
seems to have been a hazy idea that
Manila was a city on a large bay.
hemmed in by precipitous hills. I know
that was my idea, and I fancy I knew
as much about it as any one elso. The
city and the bay and the hills are here,
but Manila, judging from the region
around it— and I have been all around
the city — is built upon a reclaimed
swamp at the mouth of the Pasig
River, the land all about It is low.
marshy and particularly difficult to
move troops over, and the nearest of
the precipitous mountains is five miles
at the least from the iK-ach, with land
between which, where it is not tropical
jungle, is covered thick as they can
stand with the bamboo huts of the
Tagallos. The woods, 10 a>i American
who has not seen them, simply go be
yond the powers of the imagination.
They are impassable in the rainy sea-
Bon even to the water buffalo.. ,which
the natives call, strangely enough, the
caribou, and the water buffalo, is never
bo well content as when he is wading
In mud above his shoulders. This is the
kind of country the American soldier
nuist shoot over when he goes out to
bag Spaniards — or to bag Tagallos, as
he may have to tlo hereafter. It is well
to know, under these circumstances,
that the Tagallo has already de
veloped a healthi' respect for the
Springfield ritle because of the large-
Btsed bullet It carries, and that the
Spaniard will presently develop a simi
lar frame of mind.
SPAIN'S PARIS PEACE
COMMISSIONERS
Senor Montero Bios Will Preside.
Castillio, Villarrutia, Montero
and Cerero Are Members.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by . James Gor
don lionnctt. ''■■ '.
MADRID, Sept. 3.— Senor Montero
Rlos will preside at the Paris Commis
sion. Leon Castillo will represent the
political side, Senor Villarrutia diplo
]:..'.. y, Sciior Mojitero the judtcial and
Oerera! Cercr.) tho military.
Madrid is full of politicians to-night.
General Polaviefc, the lion of the hour,
had a lons audience with the Queen
Repent yesterday and is surrounded
and besieged by friends, admirers and
followers.
rencr Bllvela is here and his star
shines brightly in the political firma
ment.
General Weyler will arrive to-morrow
and has declared his adherence to Senor
Roblcdo. lie says he advocate's the re
organization of the army and navy as
was done in France after Sedan.
Lurline Salt Water Batbs.
Bush, Larkln *ts. ; swimming, Ruaslan, hot ft
cold tub baths; Bait water direct from ocean.
THE SAN FKAISI CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
SPANIARDS RETREATING.
Armored Cart Used by the Spanish Troops to Protect Their Rear on Their Retreat From Cavite.
"TIN SOLDIERS"
NOT SEEN AMONG
THE CALIFORNIANS
Boys of the First Thrive on the
Campaign Hardships in the
Philippines,
But Two Members of the Regiment Invalided,
While Those From Olher States
Suffer Greatly.
BY PRIVATE FRED A. HEALY.
Special Correspondence of The CaJl.
CAMP DEWEY, July 25.— The rain
is falling in large drops with a
monotony that makes the last two
days seem like two weeks to the thou
sands of soldiers lying within the nar
row confines of their shelter tents and
impatiently awaitin cr the order to ad
vance against the walls of Manila?
about three miles distant. Over across
the stretch of water that separates us
from Cavite comes the deep-mouthed
rumble of sruns speaking a welcome to
the Newport, which has just arrived
with General Merritt aboard. It is a
welcome 6ound to the boys in camp. It
not only tells them of mail and new
comradeship, but it says, "Merritt has
come and now on to Manila." It is now
two weeks since the first detachment
of troops broke garrison in Cavite and
came across to this place, receiving ad
ditions from day to day both from the
first and second expeditions, until now
all the troops, with the exception of the
Gregonians and a few regulars, have
come over, forming in the aggregate
a camp containing over 5000 troops,
among- which are the -feht guns of the
Utah Light Battery.
The camp was pitched in what was
originally an open field devoted to
some sort of native agricultural use. It
is a beautiful spot, running in an ob
long direction from north to south,
covered with a velvety carpet of
tender green grass and entirely sur
rounded by a belt of luxuriant tropical
foliage. From Cavite it is about five
or six milts by water across the bay
in a northeasterly direction. The dis
tance is about doubled if one travels
by land. From the bead., which is only
a couple of hundred yards from the
tents, one can plainly see the American
fleet riding watchfully at anchor to the
southward, the towers, steeples and
domes of Manila rising: out of the hu
mid atmosphere to the north, while
through the stormy mis"ts of continual
rainstorms the representatives of the
foreign powers can be seen watching
primly from their moorings, well out to
the eastward, the outcome of the oper
ations, which commenced with the de
struction of a fleet and which may end
in the extinction of a dynasty.
When one approaches the camp from
the water and travels he first crosses a
narrow strip of sandy beach, then,
crossing a belt of trees through which
are thickly scattered bamboo huts of
the native farmers, emerges on an open
field dotted all over with little white
shelter tents, running in straight, reg
ular rows of company streets from east
to west, with Colonel Smith's head
ouarters, flanked by the officers' tenta
on their eastern end and the cooks and
their ovens standin«-between them and
the row of trees, which shade the road
running toward Manila on their west
ern flank.
No matter what time of the day one
should select for the visit the place
will present a most animated appear
ance. Every one is always busy, from
the careful nurse tending tho sick in
the hospital tents back of headquarters
to the careless "dog robber," carrying
a bucket of water for tho officers from
the well just across the road from the
guard tent and the cook tents. Thro ;gh
the long lino of streets can be seen
men tn all stages of earnestness en
gaged in even r conceivable occupation
under the sun. There will be seen sol
diers working, soldiers nlaying, sol
d!ers cooking, washing, writing read
in", sewing, drilling and sleeping, and
a few poor unfortunates who have been
unlucky enough to get caught in some
transgression against military discip
line doing penance for their misdeeds
under the watchful -^es of an armed
guard.
Are the boys comfortable and well?
Well, thoy did not come to war expect
ing to find a Palace Hotel at every
picket line and a "Waldorf at each out
post. Possibly comfort here does not
Imply every luxury and convenience
generally considered an indispensable
part of a Pacific avenue home, nor
would a comparison between Camp
Dewey and Del Monte cause the sum
mer visitors at the latter place to fall
over one another in their haste to
change quarters. Yet, when one re
members that we are an army en
camped at the front only two miles or
so from the enemy's outposts and in a
climate which, nt this season of the
year, is probably among the most dis
agreeable in the world, the comfort is
far more than one would, have be
lieved possible under the existing con
ditions and the regimental health,
thanks to the good sense and good
physique of the boys themselves and
to the really excellent hospital corps
we have, is something little less than
marvelous. To understand how excel
lent it is one has merely to draw a
comparison between the California
volunteers and any one of the other
regiments attached to the expedition.
Take the Colorado regiment, for in
stance, whicliis camped Just behind us,
and whose hardships are identical with
ours, only not so long endured either
ashore or afloat. It has already sent
home 125 disabled men and the second
expedition, of which it was a part, had
four deaths to report on its- arrival here.
The boys from San Francisco sent but
two of their comrades home. One was
accidentally hurt, while the other suf
fers from a hereditary weakness. Th?y
have no deaths to report as yet, and,
please God, will have none other than
those made glorious by the lurid halo
of battle.
The weather is intensely wet and that
together with the terrible heat makes
the humidity something frightful. But
the tents are dry and most of the boys
have made them doubly so by building
platforms of bamboo under them. The
men are young, vigorous and full of
enthusiasm, so I feel certain that the
ravages from disease will not be what
was anticipated and all will go well
with the First California Volunteers if
their colonel will only insist on the
band learning to play something that
sounds more like music and less like
a Chinese orchestra.
The second battalion moved over here
on the 19th (two or three days after the
first, under Major Boxton). All day long
I the boys toiled unloading boxes and
bales, wading through the water, car
rying arms, accouterments and provis
ions, working like dray horses with
cook chests, ammunition and baggage
of all sorts. And when at night the
last tent had been pitched and the last
package accounted for and laid away
in its proper place, blankets werespread
and a tired soldiery quickly sunk to
rest. The camp was as quiet as a
| bivouac of the dead. The. watchful
sentinel, hid among the foliage of his
post, gave no sign of his wakeful pres
ence; no light threw its bright ray
across the whole white expanse of
tents, silhouetted into a weird ghostli
ness by the pale moonlight. All was
dark and peaceful and quiet. An ene
my slumbered.
Suddenly a shot rang out on the still
ness. Then another and anothor.
Then a whole volley and then the
heavens seemed to split asunder, as the
deep tones of cannon lent their thun
der to the unexpected turmoil.
Bugles sounded the call to arms.
There was a sudden awakening, a
wild scramble for arms and cartridge
belts, a hurried pulling on of shoes (the
only really necessary article of apparel
in such a crisis); men rushed half
j awakened from the tents, in which but
a moment before they had been lying
peacefully, dreaming of home and kin
j dred far across the seas, and making
; their way to the proper place, hurriedly
j fell into ranks. A Spanish shell, mount
i ed high into the heavens and bursting,
■ descended in a shower of fire. It burst
; just one minute and thirty seconds af
| ter the first call to arms and its light
j shone down on every man of the First
! California Volunteer Regiment, stand
ing in his proper place in the ranks,
fully accoutered for battle and calmly
awaiting the conflict, which seemed
a certainty. What regular regiment will
make a better showing than that?
Tell the people of San Francisco to
dismiss the phrase "tin soldiers" from
! their vocabulary. If they could have
I seen the different companies take up
I their positions, deploying in perfect
! order, notwithstanding the darkness,
i the brush and the surprise: if they
i could have witnessed the confident ad
j vance of the cloud of skirmishers
( thrown out in the advance; if they could
have seen the boys in the support
| throw themselves on the grass and
i catch a cat-nap while awaiting as they
I thought a desperate hand-to-hand con-
I filet : if they could have seen the officers
' calmly awaiting information and have
! heard them delivering whispered orders
I in voices as steady as when on parade
j in the Presidio — if, I pay, the people at
I home could have seen all this under
the dark tropical Philippine sky, illu
minated by bursting shell and rent by
crashing musketry, they would never
again say anything about tin soldiers,
and would understand why a man is
proud to be a member of such a regi
ment.
It was not an actual surprise, but
an enpagrement between the Insurgents
and Spanish at the trenches, which was
magnified by the heated imagination of
the colonel of the Colorado regiment,
who had also gone into camp that day
just behind us, into an attack on the
American camp.
Speaking of the trenches brings me
to what has become a standard amuße
ment among the boys of the brigade —
namely, a visit to the insurgent out
posts and a peep at the Spanish lines.
It is a dangerous pleasure trip for two
reasons: First, because the Spanish
have an uncomfortable habit of shoot
ing at everything in sight, and second,
as certain puiiishment awaits the ad
venturous soldier if he is caught by our
own outposts, as these little excursions
have been sternly proscribed by Gen
eral Greene, who Is in command of all
the troops on this side. But despite
Spanish bullets and general bulletins
the excursions go merrily on, and the
fellow who comes back from the
trenches and has no hairbreadth expe
perience to relate is but a poor yarn
spinner. Many of them have indeed
been very close to the Spanish lines —
as near as thirty or forty yards — to
which point they crawled, protected
from the enemy's view by the trees and
underbrush, but as they are regarded
as colossal liars by their less fortunate
fellows their trips result in little save
the satisfaction accorded to them
seives. The boys are not allowed to
indulge in guerrilla warfare, but many
of them, when they have succeeded in
getting to the trenches, borrow a gun
from some insurgent and take a shot
for luck anyway.
All sorts of rumors are flying about
here thick and fast. The latest one,
which seems to have a little more foun
dation than the average, is that peace
negotiations are in progress and that
McKinley intends holding Cuba, Guam
and Porto Rico, while giving up the
Philippines. 1 hope this is not true. We
have given up much, suffered much
and are willing: to go through and suf
fer more. But we do wish to see some
tangible result from our self-sacrifice,
and it will be a bitterly disappointed
regiment that will come home if noth
ing is done toward taking Manila.
The insurgents do considerable talk
ing and tell wondrous stories of the
slaughter of Spanish soldiery that re
sults from their attacks. This may be
so, but I am inclined to think it is all
bosh, and were it not for our presence
here the Spaniard would wipe them off
the fare of the earth. I would not
care to be a Filipino under any cir
cumstance, but I would rather be a cat
in hades with all my claws clipped, or
a yaller dog in a cage of -wildcats, than
a native here with Uncle Sam's army
and navy in America.
AGUINALDO'S BRAZEN
LETTER TO ANDERSON
Warns the American Not to Send
Any More Troops Into Phil
ippine Territory.
BY P. BOERINGER.
FORT SAN FELIPE, CAVITE, P. 1.,
July 25.— 1n an Interview to-day
with Senor Douriez, one of Aguinaldo's
staff, I secured some interesting infor
mation. Douriez tellß me he (Aguinal
do"> has written to General Anderson in
a strain somewhat after this fashion:
He acknowledges that no nation has
replied to his circular letter asking rec
ognition of the Philippine republic,
but he remarks that he expected such
recognition from the American nation.
A nation that fought so long for liberty,
a nation that maintained such a strug
gle for the abolition of slavery, now
struggling for Cuba, he hoped would
have looked upon the matter in a dif
ferent light, with more benevolence, be
cause the Filipinos have acknowledged
its right to our gratitude. Agulnaldo
further claims to have received great
favors from Dewev, and that, being
more than desirous to prevent "any
conflict or a severance of pleasant re
lations, which would have as a result
the intervention of foreign powers in
the affairs of the Filipinos, which must
be extremely prejudicial to my nation,
but also to the United States of Ameri
ca, I consider it my duty to advise
you of the undesirability of distribut
ing any more troops in territory won
by the Filipino arms from Spain. Al
thoueh no agreement exists between
the North American representative and
the representative of the Filipino, my
people ml^ht consider the occupation
as a violation of their rights, and the
people must be advised in due form."
He goes farther and demands a notice
in writing of such occupation the place
to *y occupied, the object of the occu
pation and the duration of same in or
der that the Filipino ->pople may be ad
vised in due form and "'•eserve a con
tinuance of friendship. He then ter
minates his letter with the usual flour
ish and a last threat as follows: "I
can answer for my people, for they
have given proofs of their confidence in
my government."
Gener:.! Anderson is not a man to
stand this nonsense, and I so informed
my young friend, at which he told me
that th^e were many among the Fili
pinos opposed to Aguinaldo. When I
badp him farewell on the rocky wall of
Cavite ho -hook hands with me fer
vently and told rro **r,w much he val
ued American friendship and how.
when he reached Malabon. he would
tell his friends of Aguinaldo's cheek
and
Washed Off the Bocks.
SANTA CRT'Z. Sept. 3.— C. H. Robs, a
painter in the employ of Greeningrer &
Son of San Joite, was washed off the
rocks up the coast at noon to-day while
fishing and was drowned. His body was
not recovered.
Strike in the Demorest Mine.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 3.— A rich strike
is reported ; at .' the ; Demorest mine, near,
this 5 place/ At :. the ? 200-foot :; level '- a^> large
body |of ore was uncovered averaging $45
to the ton. The ledge Is ten feet wide.
*
• $'- ■;. ■■ ■; ■" ADVERTISEMENTS. : •'/.•"
■♦■©■♦-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-i-o-i-o-^-o^o-^-00-^-o-^-o-^o-^-o-^-o-^o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-oo^-o-t-.
. o
' . -...* ■--/. • ■■ :; "' - ■"• 'f
■■. / . ...... .-. • O'
• : ;•"•:. , : ii;
«"~ " T - ■■- - -'- ' ■ "' ■'••"-.■ -':"4;'
BHRfv.--"-'-' '' ■' 6
— .
— Ig^jß^^^ .. _. ' ; $.'
EXTRAORDINARY IARGAIfiI
o
FOR THIS WEEK. f
Commencing to-morrow, we place on sale an Im- o
mense shipment of NEW SILKS, which we shall offer o
at the following exceptionally low prices: - : a
— —__„___ •'■'.:■■•■■■;•>'•.
f\E\n A YARD— ISO pieces of New Taffeta Silks, in a full range of-?;
\JO\s new colorings, both plain and changeable. On special sale at 65d -$-i
: . . . ' .' \ . .': '■'■ .O
— . - . ;<f -
nV\n A YARD— 2OO pieces of Extra Quality Taffeta Silk, in a full ?
I O\J range of new colorings, in plain and changeable. At. 7sc. ''.■.s'
".'..'., '"'' ■ •.... ■' ' '. .'•"■'■'■ ■■'■o.' :
•• . g
<g>l.oo A YARD— 24-inch Fancy Striped Taffeta Silk, in • latest ;*J
cJ>X __ colorings; excellent quality. Extraordinary value at $1 a yard;
■. ■. ■ ■ ■ ' . • ' ''. . :: \-.o :
.. ... . ... — ■ . .■ . . . ,t;, t ; f
7 C/> A YARD— IO pieces of Fine Quality Black Satin Duchesse, J
I %J\J high luster. The regular price $1.00. " ■.-..■ vo.
■". ' : .',-.' ■ -— ~ ~ _ ' •■■ [ '.."..o ''
<U>( .00 A YARD— SO pieces Satin Duchesse, in all the new fall color- ; °
(])1 ings, including black; superior quality. Regular value $1.25. -.o'
• ■■••.•<>
(StA .25 A YARD — 10 pieces of Superior Quality Black Satin Duchesse,; £
(P X extra fine finish. Regular value $1.50 a yard. . • .." • >•
■ ... ' : O
I SPECIAL I SPECIAL! -3:^|
JUST. RECEIVED— An elegant line of High. . - ■ ';-*
Novelty. Black Dress Goods in Black Cretonnes, Mata- ■ ■. . ".>
lasse and Periola Suitings in Dress Patterns (no two .. ■':; '['■.?'
alike), which will be placed on sale to-morrow. An • .V 6
inspection is kindly solicited. • • • • •■o:
• ' " -■-.-. ■ | -- ; '♦
1 1 ■ o
, 123 to 129 POST STREET, °
,; - ' •->'- **.<■.,' -V .; ' '•• -. ".■■ •- 7-t'J - .... .. •" -. ■'-. . • 3 ."'?.' "i
. —■■'••..••'• .--■.- .■_-' . ' ■ ■ . . .-..••. o
TO PROPERTY-
OWNERS !
WANTED—
For a large institution, suitable office
quarters, to contain about ten rooms,
in first story, or first and second sto-
ries, central location, between Market
and Sutter Stockton and Polk, corner
preferred; ten years' lease guaranteed.
Apply to
EDMUND KOLLOFRATH,
933 Market Street.
WALLED IN AND
LEFT TO PERISH
How Spaniards Treated
Prisoners.
PHILIPPINE TORTURF HOLE
GHASTLY DISCOVERY AT FORT
SAN PHILIPI.
Evidence That Men Were tut to
Death by the Slow Torture of
Lime — Burning Beneath
an Old Citadel.
BY P. BOERINGER.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
FORT SAN PHILIPI, July 13.— 1n
this old fortress the Spanish Governor
of Guam and his suite and sixty men
are imprisoned. They are under the
charge of Captain Geary and his com
mand of heavies. Captain Geary
upon assuming command began an in
vestigation. The solid walls were
tested and a private, armed with a long
rod of steel, probed carefully for the
hidden chambers.
In the east wall, In apparently golld
masonry, a loose rock was found, and
upon inserting the rod between the ma
sonry it disappeared beyond. Men
were at once set to work and the dis
covery made that here prisoners had
apparently been walled In and left to
die. The further appalling knowledge
was gained that this chamber of hor
rors had been used in modern times.
On one side were found leg and arm
bones of a human being and in the
rear of this torture room, near a rude
bench, a private picked up a china
ware jar with the trademark of an
English maker of beef tea and a Hong
kong address.
Almost immediately opposite this
oubliette is a citadel built over the en
trance to the fort. In the wall of this
fort twice the height of a man above
the ground Is a hole about the size of
a barrel and the only means of egress
and Ingress to a dungeon with many
lateral passages. All indications point
to this having been one of the many
pleasant ways in which Spanish in
genuity succeeded in hiding the evi
dence of official crime. This was once
used as a liming hole. Here the vie-
/^riw pIAKER5 OP
■ V^V"" «P*<|
Spectacles&Eye Classes
642 Market ot. iNST«uHEMti;
Tims of chivalrous Spain met death and
oblivion by the Blow tortures of. lime
burning. .___
WILLING TO WORK
WITH INSURGENTS
Radical Autonomists in Cuba Anx
ious to Join the Men Who
Fought for Freedom
special cable to The Call and the tfew Yoflc
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898; by James Gor
don Bennett. " • ;. ; :
HAVANA, Sept. 3.— the radical au
tonomists held two meetings, presided
over by Senor Gibera, and adopted
resolutions which are kept secret. It
is asserted they have received letters
from the insurgent government arid
are trying to come to a reconciliation-
The autonomists say tha.t -■.■since" 1
Spain's sovereignty in Cuba has ceased
they will vote for independence and will
work with the insurgents to oppose an
nexation or an American protectorate,
the autonomists and separatists to
gether forming a strong government,
being represented by prominent Cubans
in both parties. ... • . '
Pensions for California. .
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Pensions' have
been granted as follows: California: Or
iginal—Henry Buck, dead, Oakland, .$&•
Increase— William A. Witte, Los Angeles.
$6 to $10; Thomas Purcell, Veterans'
Home. Napa, $10 to $17. Original Widows,
etc.— Catherine Buck, Oakland, $8. . . ■'■..'
. ADVERTISEMENTS. ' , . ■ ; : : \
DOCTOR SWEANY
:M E RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND ' :
■ a vitality to . weak men. Organs of
the body which, have been- weakened'- :
through disease, overwork, excesses or -
Indiscretions are restored to.', perfect '
health > and . strength through his new: :
« d r « £ft nal i svste " of treatment '
. 111 Fl| HE cured by his new method ; :
v without knife, truss or detention frohi' •
work, a painless, sure and permanent ■
cure. vVAKKJOrEI-E. hydrocele, •
swelling anti ; tenderness of - the gland*, '
treated witl- .unfailing, success. 4'onta. i •
clous blood • poison in any of its; 1 "
; stages, thoroughly eradicated from the 5 .- .
system. 1*: dies will : receive, •special-
■ attention for : 'I their many ailments.' •
} WRITE if you cannot call. ■No charge - ;
tor advice by mall. He.- will also Bend -
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health," "
ifree-.CofJ. charge. Address F.^>Ji£±: '
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
1 Francisco, Cal. " • '■,:PRINTED BY
PERMISSION
OF AGUINALDO
Malbini's "Programme of the
Constitution of the Philippine
Republic."
Translation of "The True Decalogue" in Which
Filipinos Are Urged to Assert Their
Rights.
CA T E, July 25.— Appended are
translations of communications which
preceded the printing by D. Zacarias
Fajaro of "The Constitutional Pro
gramme of the Philippine Republic,"
the : title of a pamphlet written by
Apoltaario Mabini, which also follows: !
. To the President of the Revolutionary
Government of the Philippines: Ai»tli
nar.io Mabini. with due respect, Balutes
you and explains:
That, convinced of the duty which, in
the present critical state of the country,
every Filipino owes to co-operate to the ;
utmost of his ability In the promotion of \
the glorious work of our social regenera- ;
tlon- and of the necessity of our people j
losmlng at least a superficial idea Of how
an independent and free people ought to
i stituted and live, with the object of ;
knowing how to choose that which best
suits it. he has writtten a little pamphlet
entitled "Constitutional Programme of
the Philippine Republic."
That, actuated by the sole desire of be
ing useful to his fellow countrymen as far
as his very limited powers will alow him
to do bo,- prays you to have the kindness
to. arrange for the publication of the said
pamphlet, asking for it a sum within the !
p v h of all fortunes, and to turn over
mount to the purposes of the Revo
lution, whatever may be the sum.
God preserve you many years.
Cavite, &th day of June, 189 S.
AP. MABINI.
Revolutionary Government of the Philip
pints, July 6, ISPS.
Having seen the preceding, the pam
phlet to which, it refers is ordered pub
lished, a peseta being collected for each
c.up.y, for the ends which the author has
indicated. E. AGL'INALDO.
To the Philippine People: Being con
iYinced- that revolution is nothing more
than a change or transformation. I
• to make it s<> that it may produce
tnplete metamorphosis in your man
; ne:r(.f being and in your external life.
With this object I have presented to you
the trutf .Pecalogue, in order that you
understand that reason, your own
conscfenc/e, constitutes the only true and
BbHd -basis of your moral education, as
honest labor is the firm basis of your ma
tfrial education. So you will understand
tha.t true honor, true nobility, are not in
the blood, but in the character of the in
dividual, formed by the breath of nason
and educated by honest labor.
I wished also to trace in it the funda
mental Hues of your political education
which is yet a mystery to you, thanks to
the. solicitude and vigilance of your pre
tended mother, who is much worse tnan
a'stepmother. 1 would like to demonstrate
to you that individual welfare is nothing
compared with the common welfare; that
the individual disappears before the peo
]»i»; .t«i see if you expel from your breast
that egotism and personal politics which
hilate and (rush you, the envy and
favoritism which debase you an<"l the
boasting and quackery which make you
ridiculous. A real hioedinu- i
• out vicious and corrupt blood, ln
ited by your stepmothi .. . ,:i.s,
>mpe] you to an eternal gratitude.
Behold the internal revolution which I
proposed to myself; the external this pro
ime proclaims. Shall 1 have attained
|ect?
You will say that, as for this sole rea
.: son I. submit my actions to your judg
': but I must advise 'you that
• if >"U take the trouble to study me you
will see that my object reduces Itself to—
first, educating the individuals: afterward
giving -them the most simple liberties, so
that each one may work to the extent
of his ability as may be most agreeaule
to him to promote welfare and Justice
Presently I will onen the doors of public
administration to those who are instruct
ed, in order that they may combat and
annihilate with a firm hand the vices
.which I have pointed out above, with the
object that its acts may have right for
...their, sole guide, honorable labor for their
. only means and justice for their sole end.
At- the proper time I offer consideration
■to those who contribute most to the public
taxes,- protection to honest laborers and
..'respect to worthy women; and, lastly. I add
to all this the most perfect equity in the
distribution of the taxes and public
-..favors, in order to form a society of men
: -noble, not on account of blood nor of
-pompous titles, but on account of tne
MUSTERING OUT
THE VOLUNTEERS
Announcement of the
War Department.
SIXTH AND SEVENTH ON LIST
BUT THE FIRST CALIFORN!
WILL REMAIN AT MANILA.
Other Regiments on Duty in the
• Philippines Also to Remain
Until Future of Island
: . Is Known.
•• . ; . . -Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Adjutant
•General C'orbin to-day announced the
intention of the War Department in the
.: matter of mustering out and retaining
in. the service the volunteer regiments.
. Ariiong the regiments which he desig
nates for muster out are the following:
•.■•■■ Sixth California Infantry, Seventh Cali
fornia Infantry, Twentyrseeond Ka visas
'■• Infantry, First .Missouri, Third Missouri
. Infantry, Fifth Missouri Infantry, A,
Missouri Lignt Battery- Second Nebraska
.-Infantry, battalion Nevada Infantry, A.
Oregon Light Artillery: K. Oregon Light
Artillery; Second Texas [nfantry, Fourth
Texas Infantry, Battalion Washington
Infantry, F*lr»l united States Volunteer
Cavalry. Third United States Volunteer
: cavalry. First united Stales Volunteer
Infantry. •
• The following regiments are to be re
tained In service until further orders:
Third Alabama (colored i Infantry, Second
Arkansas Infantry; First California In
■fantry, Eighth California Infantry, Bat
. talion California Artillery, First Colorado
.Ilifantry, First Colorado Battery, Third
■ . -Connecticut Battery, B, Connecticut
li'-avy Artillery; C, Connecticut Heavy
Artillery; First Delaware Infantry. First
. Florida Infantry, First Georgia Infantry
Second Georgia Infantry. Third Ge"ii:ta
Infantry, First Idaho Infantry, Second
lllinofc Infantry, Third Illinois Infantry
• Fourth Illinois Infantry, Eighth Illinois'
(colored) Infantry, Ninth Illinois Infantry,
• One Hundred and Sixtieth Indiana In
fantry, One Hundred and Sixty-first In
diana Infantry; A and B, First Indiana
. (colored) Infantry; Forty-ninth lowa In
fantry. Fifty-first lowa Infantry,
. • Twentieth Kansas Infantry, Twenty
first Kansas Infantry. Twenty-third
•; Kansas (colored; Infantry, First
courage and personal merit of each one.
Already you Bee that the undertaking is
arduous and great; but 1 rely on your also
iii-ing great and strong. You have lost
groat sons who cannot be replaced; but
no matter, we work, and we hope that
Providence is much greater.
TIIK TRUE DECALOGUE.
First— Love God and thy honor above
all things; God is the source of all truth,
of all justice and of all activity; honor
the only power which will oblige thee
| to be true. Just and Industrious.
Second— Worship God in the way which
thy consciene judges most right and
worthy, tor in thy conscience, which re
proves thy bad deeds and applauds the
good ones, thy God speaks.
Third— Cultivate the special abilities
which God has given thee. according to
the measure of thy powers, without ever
departing from the path of right and
justice, in order to attain thy own per
fection and by that means contribute to
the progress "of humanity; so thou wilt
fulfill the mission which the same God
has marked out for thee in this life,
and fulfilling It thou wilt have honor,
and having It thou wilt glorify God.
Fourth— Love thy country next to God
and thy honor and more than thyself.
as It is the only paradise which God has
given thee in this life; the only patri
mony of thy race; the only heritage of
thy ancestors; and the only legacy of thy
descendants; through it thou hast life,
love and interests, happiness, honor and
God.
Procure the happiness of thy
country before thy own, making It th«>
kingdom of right, justice and work; be
cause if it is happy thou and thy family
will be happy.
Sixth— Procure the independence of thy
country, because thou alone canst have
true interest for its aggrandizement and j
exaltation, as its independence consti- 1
tutes thy own liberty, its aggrandizement I
thy perfection and its exaltation thy own
glory and immortality.
Seventh— not recognize in thy coun
try the authority of any person who has
not been elected by thee and by thy fellow
countrymen, because all authority ema
nates from God, and as God speaks in the j
conscience of each individual, the person
who expresses and proclaims the Individ- I
ual consciences of a whole people is the
one who can show true authority.
Eighth— Procure for thy people a Re
public and never a Monarchy; the latter j
ennobles one or several families and !
founds a dynasty; the former constitutes i
a people noble and worthy by right, great j
through liberty, and prosperous and bril
liant through work.
Ninth— Love thy neighbor as thyself, be
| cause God has imposed on him as also 1 on \
j thee, the obligation of assisting thee and i
1 of not doing to thee that which he does
not wish thee to do to him; but If thy
neighbor, failing in this sacred duty,
I makes an attempt against thy life, thy
liberty and thy Interest, then thou must
destroy and annihilate him, because the
supreme law of self-preservation should j
prevail. • . ■
Tenth— wilt always regard. thy fel
low countrymen more than thy neighbor;
thou wilt see in him the friend, the broth
er, and at least the companion to whom
thou art bound by a common lot, by the I
same joys and sorrows, and by the same I
aspirations and interests.
Therefore, 1 whilst' there exist nations I
raised up and preserved by egotism of !
race and family, to him thou must unite
thyself In the perfect solidity of views and
Interests, with the object of having
strength, not only to combat the common !
enemy, but also to realize all the ends of
human life.
Note 1— (a) The Spanish Government
and the religious priests have educated :
and taught us in such a manner that we
always direct our sight and all our !
thoughts to an imaginary heaven, in or- '
I der that we may leave them in the quiet
I and peaceful enjoyment of the riches of 1
I the earth. For this reason they have* not >
wished us to see and read books by which :
we could learn those truths which fully
assure our happiness in this life and our
glory and immortality in the other.
2— (a) The country is not only the prov
ince, neither the town, nor much less the
place in which one has been born; it con
sists of all the provinces, all the towns j
and all the places In which a Filipino has !
been born, whatsoever may be the beliefs !
which he professes and the dialect which
he speaks.
_____ ■ *
__^
Kentucky Infantry, Second Ken
tucky Infantry, Third Kentucky Infantry,
I-purth Kentucky Infantry, Second Lou
slana Infantry; A. Maine Heavy Artil
lery; First Maryland Infantry, Fifth
Massachusetts Infantry, Sixth Massachu- j
setts Infantry, Thirty-first Michigan In- !
&n& n . try> I hirt >'- fif th Michigan Infantry.
Thirteenth Minnesota Infantry, Fifth j
Minnesota Infantry, Third Mississippi In- '
fantry. Second Missouri Infantry. Fourth
Missouri Infantry, First Montana Infan
try, First Nebraska Infantry, Third Ne- I
braska Infantry. First Troop Nevada
Cavalry. Third New Jersey Infantry,
fourth New Jersey Infantry, First New !
lork Infantry, Twelfth New York In
fantry, Twenty-second New York Infan- !
try. Forty-seventh New York Infantry, j
Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, Two
Hundred and First New York Infantry. !
Two Hundred and Second New York !
Infantry. the Twenty-third Infantry, j
Fourth New York Artillery, Fifth New
lork Llerht Artillery, Second North Caro
lina Infantry. Third North Carolina (col
ored) Infantry. First North Dakota In
fantry, Second Ohio Infantry, Fourth Ohio i
Infa-ntry. Sixth Ohio Infantry, Eighth I
Ohio Infantry, Ninth Ohio Battalion (col
ored) Infantry. Tenth Ohio Infantry, Sec
ond Oregon Infantry, Fifth Pennsylvania
Infantry Eighth Pennsylvania Infantry,!
£lnth Pennsylvania Infantry, Tenth !
Pennsylvania Infantry. Twelfth Pennsyl- !
vania Infantry. Thirteenth Pennsylvania j
Infantry. Fourteenth Pennsylvania In- i
fantry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
f lrs !l Rh ™le Island Infantry, Fecorid I
South Carolina (colored) Infantry, j
Jm avy £ attery Soutn Carolina Ar-
TT lll le * y V I<irst Bouth Dak °ta Infantry,
First Tennessee Infantry, Second Ten
nessee Infantry. Third * Tennessee In
fantry. Fourth Tennessee Infantry. First
Texas Infantry, Third Texas Infantry.
First Texas Cavalry. A. Utah Light Artll
r*K.:« BYB V V,^ ah IJ ? ht Ar tl)lery; C. Utah
Light Artillery; First Troop T'tah Cav
a ry. Fourth Virginia Infantry. Sixth Vir
ginia Infantry. First Washington Infan
try. Hrst West Virginia Infantry. Second I
West Mrglnia Infantry, First Wisconsin
Infantry, Second WLsoona!n Infantry
First Wyoming Light Aitillerv. First i
Wyoming Infantry, First United States
\olunteer* Engineers, Second United
States Volunteer Engineers. Third United
States Volunteer Engineers, Second
United States Volunteer Cavalry Second
United States Volunteer Infantry Third
United States Volunteer Infantry, Fourth
United States Volunteer Infantry, Fifth
United States Volunteer Infantry Sixth
United States Volunteer Infantry. Seventh
United States Volunteer (colored) Infan
try. Eighth United States Volunteer (col
ored) Infantry, Ninth United States Vol
unteer (colored) Infantry, Tenth United
States Volunteer (colored) Infantry Ari
zona. New Mexico, Oklahoma and Indian
Territory United States Infantry, Astor
Battery.
Crushed Under Train Wheels.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. I— While John
i" White, a printer on the Dally Trans
cript, was returning this evening from
the races at Glenbrook Park he fell from '<■
a narrow gauge train and was instantly I
killed. He was standing on the rear end :
of the last car as the train was backing
off the spur at the park, and the Jerking
of the train threw him headlong under
the wheels. He was a prominent member
of Hydraulic Parlor of Native Sons, and
one of the most popular young men of
the city.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 10X7-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, IS9B.
THE EMPORIUM.
■IMPORTANT NOTICES. ;
Great Sale of Siein-BBoch Suits.
Second Week of Furniture Sale.
First Showing of New rail Q&odis.
9to*»<o Closed oim A<d! mission BXacy*
THE FURNITURE
SALE CONTINUES
ANOTHER WEEK.
Never b:fcre in San Francisco
have such low prices hit i quoted
on equally as gocd rurniture.
The first week's sales have bzzn
phenomenal, and those who
bought will be our best adver-
tisemcit for the coming week.
See the partial list o. bargains
in last Sunday's papers.
BEST CARPET
VALUES WE HAVE
YET OFFERED.
In connection with the big special
sile of Furniture that con.inues
through this week we offered these re-
markable values in carpets:
Big How Axmin^ters— none genuine
unless nam: woven on the back with
t orders to mateh — peryard.... <*, ~~
Lowell Body Brussels in all the
latest shades and colorings, '*! <- l
with borders to match— yard $*• * /a
Smith's Axmins'.ers, with borders
to match, regular $1.35 goods, ,-. f nn
tor this sale .pJ.UU
Full standard Tapestry Brussels,
io-wir^ goods, lai J and lined, reg- _-
ularlv 9oc per yard— lor this sale /3C
Smith's Tapestry, a good carpet for
wear, worth 75c per yard— for .-
this sale **3 C
Inzr in Carpets, extra quality, in a
fine line of patterns for this sale, .-«
per yard 3UC
SOME OF THE
NEW FALL SILKS.
Four of the new beauties briefly de-
scribed. Good dressers will be greatly
interested in this week's preliminary
displays of the Fall silk fabrics. It
style, quality and prices count you'll
buy your silks of us.
20-inch Fancy Taffetas in satin
stripes, novelty strip s and cmbre
p!ai '«, exquisite colorings and *, *~.
combinations.... .pJ.JU
20-inch Novelty Stripe Peau d;
So c, all new colorings, good, * t -.-.
heavy quality — per yard........ vJ>*«UU
22-inch Plain T. ffrta in this sea-
son's newest colorings — rich, *. -_
heavy grade — per yard vpI.ZD
22-inch Black Sa"in Pekin Stripe,
very stylish for Dress Skirts *. ->-.
SILK VELVETS.
Our stock of Fall and Winter Vel-
vets has arrived an 1 includes the new
coorin^s that are already beint asked
for — such as Turquoise, Orange,
Bluet and Novelty Green— per «* f__
yard, 1.25, .$ 1.50 and «pJ./t>
TORCHON LACE
SALE— THE NEW
PATTERNS.
Special price per do^en on all
widths and quality. See the beau-
tiful window display.
30 different patterns from ihe nar-
row to the medium widths — dainty,
pretty dee i_;ns— per yard, 3c, 4c and 5c
40 different patterns from 1 to 3
inches wide— all widths to mateh — per
yard, 6c, 7c, 8: and 10:.
A choice lot of the medium fine and
heavy grades in sel.ct new patterns —
firm, durable Smyrna edges— I>_ to 4
inches wide— per yard, I2>_c, 15c, 17c,
'20c and 25c. :
NEW DRESS
TRIMMINGS.
/Pi\ fi*b Real Mo-
JgL—JgL- -M^=z hairTrim-
_3gflg9SgafegSgggg£a|gji^S ming
gy @~pT Brjid '
\~/ \_y \s£- every
width and every quality.
Black Silk and Mohair Fancy Braid
Gimp, new style, all widths. •
New style Garni'.ures in Braid,
Steel, Turquoise and Spangle —
special — 10 pieces Black Mohair Braid
Gimp, \\i inches wide— same y_j
as Must! ation — per yard........ . JZ-iC
NEW BOOKS BY
POPULAR
AUTHORS.
Moriah's Mourning— Stuart. $1.10
The Terroi— Gras ;..... $1.35
What Is Art?— Tolstoi $1.10
The Cathedral— Huysman. ....... .sl.3s
The Story of, a Play— Howells.
American Wives and English Hus-
bands— Atherton $1.35
Silence and Other Stories— Wiikhs
v- ..:;::....;. ..: $1.10
Meg of th: S:arlet Foot— Tire-
buck.... $1.35
The Moral Imbeciles— Greene.. $1.10
The Chase of an Heiress— Reid. ...9oc
As Having Nothing— Qakley...... 90c
Arachne— Ebers......... $1.35
LIQUORS AND
WINES AT EM- ;
PORIUM PRICES.
American Mait Whiskey, quarts. $1.00
Kentucky Belle -Bourbon Whiskey,
bottle .......:.......:............ 75c
<;-year-old Cognac, quarts ......75c
Extra Holland Gin, quarts.-:........ o,oc
Hunter's Rye Whiskey, quarts.
Bulldog Brand Guinness Stout, stone
bottles, d0zen.................. ...... 52.00.
Manhilten Cocktails, best, quarts $1.15
Rock and Rye, : b0tt1e~;...J............. 95c
Emporium Beer, quarts; dozen. ..sl.oo
Alcohol, quarts, bottle .......;.... 50c
Send in name and address at once if you want us to mail you free the big Illustrated Fali and Winter Cata-
logue, as edition will be limited*
THE EMPORIUM.
NEW NOTIONS.
Fancy Metal and Steel Clasps 35c
Piaifi and Fancy Elastic Belting-
yard 60c
Novelty Beit Buckles— newest style-
25c
The Omo and Alpha Dress Shielis.
25c and 30c
The P. F. P. Celebrated Dress Horn
Bones — per dozen 5c to 10c
Warren's Featherbone — all colors —
d zen Sl.OO
N:ckeled Safety Pins— duplex pai-
ent— .ill sizes— paper 3c
Sewing Ma hine Oil— bottle 10c
Best quality Oil Silk — 30 inches-
yard 75c
Ladies' Black Elastic Bel s— fancy
buckle 50c
Ladies' Jeweled Metal Belts— gilt
and oxidized 35c to $7.50
Ladies' Crushed Silk Belts — with
tancy buc<l"s Sl.OO
Ladies' Silk Side Hose Supporters—
with ribbon bows — pair 20c
Dressing Comb Cleaner (a novelty)
— each 4c
Ladies' Side Combs— new 5ty1e. ...20c
The "Empire" Back Com^— latest
style 35c to $5.00
Black Cube P:ns— large size— 100
count — each 5c
Genuine Stein-Bloch Fall Suits $10.75,
The Most Sensational Sale of Men's Clothing Ever
Held in the Big Store.
0*& We purchased for cash from the cele-
f\f^i brated Stein-Bloch Co. more than SIX
[fX HUNDRED MEN'S FALL SUITS, that in the reg-
ular course of business would
/UK retail for $I^.oo and $17.50.
•- mg^^^^^S^^K This week we make this ex-
l^H % Stein-Bloch Clothing carries with it
I^BIrM 1 an air °^ distinction, and suits more
mm mm "hard-to-fit" or 4 fc difficult-to-please "
IK \>M men than any other make. '.
Wrl 1 \ J • Stein-Bloch Suits are made from materials that
Wml Itll are ex P^ us i ve - ' Ordinary ready-made suits are no
: Jiff ffili comparison— Stein-Bloch suits look better, fit bet-
X M S ter and are better than the best of them. -
§11 IS All sizes for average men — stout men or slim
Jjjgiiil YOUR MONEY BACK IF YOU WANT IT.
W^". y& Mail orders filled for these suits, if in time. Send chest, .
\jjff waist, inside leg and sleeve measure.
NEW SKIRT LINING
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK.
io pieces Biack Belgian Moire Stripe
Skirt Lining (a new cloth)— 34 *~ x
inches wide. Special, per yard. *AjC
THESE GROCERY
PRICES LOWEST IN
THE CITY.
Compare th?m with the lowest you
know of elsewhere— test the goods,
which we guirantee to be the best of
their kinJ. You'll be pleased with our
quick, perfect service.
Telephone South 59.
Good Prunes— 4 lbs 250
Heinz Pickles— plain or mixed— bottle 27c
Seedless Raisins— lb He
Golden Rule Catsup— bottle 2Oc
Emporium Best Flour— sack $1.00
17 lbs. best Granulated Sugar $'.00
Good Family Blend Coffee— lb 25c
Imported French Sardines— tin lOc
Duryea's, Klngsford's or Niagara
Corn Starch— package Me
Best Carolina Rice— 3 lbs 25c
Blue Point Oysters— ls, 2 cans 25c
Martin's Eastern Choree— lb J7c
Yellow or "White Cornmeal— sack 25e
Imported Macaroni, Vermicelli or
Spaghetti— package lie
Emporium Baking Powder— lb. tins.. 37c
Loose Black Pepper— (strictly pure) lb. lMc
Golden Rule Salt— lo-lb. sacks So
Kingntord's Gloss Starch— 6-lb. boxes. 550
Greer's Household Ammonia— bottle. 120
Pearllne, Lavarine or Babbitt's "76"
—large size package.. lie
Cooper's Olive Oil— quart bottle.. DRe
R. S. V. P. Salt— 3-lb. packages 12e
Choice lowa Corn— 3 cans 25c
Home-made Jams and Jellies— glass. lOc
T'n wrapped Savon Soap — 33. bars Ul>c
Hawaiian Grated Pineapple— tin 20c
Ghlrardelll's Cocoa— %s, tin 2.'le
Shepp's Cocoanut— lb 2Mc
Loose Cocoanut— lb lOe
THE EMPORIUM.
THESE ARE SOME
OF THE NEW FALL
GLOVES.
tAll gloves fitted, guaranteed
kept in repair.
Misses' 2-clasp extra quality
Gloves — browns, tans, reds— em-
broidered backs — all sizes— pair .
Ladies' 2-clasp superior quaity Kid
Gbves — reds, greens, browns, tans,
moles, white and black — em- -.«
broidered backs— all sizes-pair 4>*.UU
Ladies' 2-dasp French Xi i Gloves
— r:?ds, blues, greens, browns, tans,
modes, white and black — em a, ~-
broidered backs— all sizes-piir4>i»^J
L3di?s' 2-clasp Piqur Kid Gbves, in
reds, blues, greens, browns, tans,
mod?s, white and black— ?m- *^ _p.
broidered backs— all sizes-pur 4> KDU
Ladies' 3-Jasp Fr;n;h Kid Gloves
— rfds, blues, brown*, tans, modes,
whi c and black — embroidered r -.
backs— all siz^s— pair $>J.oU
Ladies' 2-dasp English Walking
Gloves — tannette dipped — ;x bloods
and English reds— most dura- *^
bl: glove made— pair 3>Z.UU
A FEW ITEMS FROM
THE HOUSE FUR-
NISHING DEFT.
Fine quality House 8r00m.... ........25c
Full-riz? Japanned Dustpan .....A.;sc
Asbestos Stove Mat..:.....i...~..:......3c
your home and guaranteed *-»-» ct J
f0r......;.;.- ..........:........ ...SZZ.t)U
Large-size v Granite: Steel Cup and
, Saucer ...................'....15c ,
Granite Steel Foot Tub ...... 75c
; Complete Shoe Repairing Outfit— 7sc ;
Tin Gravy Strainer ...... ...... .........5c
Steel Cake Turner v . 1................. 4c
Steel enamel X ttli, with tin cover,
: holds IX quarts ..................17c
- 12-inch enameled. Fry Pan.........».3pc
Tin Bread Pan, 6xio^ inches .V....5c
CALIFORNIA S LARGEST— AMERICA S GRANDEST S7OT{E
THE EMPOBIUM.
THESE ARE SOME
OF THE FALL
DRESS GOODS.
The display is alreauy assuming
large proportions. We shall have an
unsurpassed Fall and Winter Dress
Goods stock. The Eastern buyers'
instructions were short and to the
point: "Omit nothing stylish in your
selections ; se? that we hive the best
dress gooJs showing on the coast,"
anJ orders have been obeyed. Sam-
pies to out-of-town customers.
The n?w Bayadere Venetians will
be popular in 5-color combinations,
exceedingly neat znd dressy, 38 ,~
inches wL'e — per yard OUC
Granite Suitings in 6 shading, an
entirely n:w fabric, dust resisting, es-
pecially adapted to street wear, R£ -
45 inches wide— per varri OOC
Satin Royal, soleil finish, 8 new
colors. This, as its n.ime implies, is
a rich lustrous do h and very +.*
attractive, 46 in. wide— yard.. »p>.UU
S-rpcntine Bayadere Curl, 2-tone
rff:cr, 6 combinations, only received
Lstwe-K, .and already a favor- *,
ite, 46 inches wide— per yard. 4>*»^»3
Another shipment or' those attrac-
tive Otormn PlaiJs with emlossed
silk bars, the first lot sold on sight,
trey com? in 26 colorings ani rr\
effects— per yard •• uc
KiJ
85c
MEN'S $1.85 HATS IN
ALL POPULAR SHAPES
This is our popular-priced hat. We
hay? it in all the fashionable shapes,
both soft and stiff, in black and colors.
Iryou have been paying $2.50 for your
hats we feel certain we can d>< or
save you 65c on our new line at M> > • o j
HEADQUARTERS
FDR BABY
CARRIAGES.
_ tiiL__ Varnish-
■. +1 *■>$** c^ '• i '--.: r - . . sateen —
. steel wheels, springs and pat- * / nn
ent foot brake— ;omp!ete for. »p6.UU
. : Hood Top Carriages with noise-
less rubber tires from 59.50 rr J
to ....;....:.. 4>0Z,50
Parasii Top Carriages <to _ AA
from $5.50: t0......... vpOO.UU
■ Ail hoods padded with cotton to
temper the effect of wind or sun.
Send for free catalogue illus-
trating, " desctibing, and giving
prices of styles of 'Baby Car-
riages. .
I THE EMPORIUM.
A FAMOUS
PICTURE-
SHERIDAN'S RIDE.
O:i Monday, S-ptemoer 5, Thomas
Buchanan Read's famous painting,
"Sheridan's Ride," is scneduled to ar-
rive, and as soon thereafter as possi-
ble we will show it in the art room oh
the second floor. This realistic por-
trayal of the great historic event is
one of the most notable intings in
America and is valued at $15,000. It
has been brought by us at large ex-
pense direct from New York.
The exhibition is free, and
each vhitor will bz presented
with a copy of the painter's well-
known poem, "Sheridan's Ride,"
which will vividly recall the in- •
cident and maks the picture
doubly interesting.
. ■ . ... -
OSTRICH FEATHER :
BOAS— THE FALL
IMPORTATION. .
re-;* The first '
\ff shipment of •
i<{ the largest
r^n/pun/r l\ and most se-
|[u(l uu V\ ' ect co " cct ' on
[j Y\ of high-class
. \ \ Ostrich Boa's.
/g&&y%»%i£zM and Collar-
»^fe^%#/ cttes that has •
WfM'Z. W ever been
vsir*iWJs!/ shown in the,;
ar^ WR¥ big store has
B7Vj arrived. They :
-\^n If %.! f^@A§ are a " made
-*^>Styb^ b Vu 1 from rich,
fl^S 1 glossy black \
**> i|firr\»»» selected feath-
ers, and the .
prices are astonishingly low. •-,' ■■
36-inch Boas, $12.50, 510.50 and $8.;5o .
45-inch Boas, $15.00, $12.50 and.510.50
54-inch Boas, $17.50, $15.00 and 512.50.
20 - inch Collarettes with Rib'con.
Tes— $7.50, *6.00, 55.00 and *-. «_ ;
$J./D
FOUR SHOE :':M
VALUES DIFFI- ; :
CULT TO DUPLt tf
CATE. . .
Child's Dongola^. — -^\ • '••'.•■
Kid Button Shoes— \ y\ . ':''.'■■
coin or square toes, 1 7 V . "'-•
patent leather tips, / ■' '■■ ■
turned soles, spring/^ «^^s.
h-els— sizrs s__ 'S-_/*^^^k'-
tO 0. ........ .....a /JC ltl '
Child's Paris Kid
\ _JM^3 La . — new
I L^S^ co ' n o es — patent.'.
/ 7\V leather tips and-
/_/ X&v trimmings— turned'
j^!™ i! iv^^\ >^^ soles— spring heels
*«»==*-**' - si « s sto _ yQQ
Ladies' Blue •'""•"~" "*^^ :
Black Felt Ro- .
meos, white om^n
woo lined- jddMlPk/.-
black' fur trim- s&^Js.'^Sr
mings, turned gS^^^ L=^'
soles — a shoe - " • ;•'.' '. '.'■*.
for home comfort — all sizes * t o _
and width 5.......;..-..... »pI.OD
Ladies' Vici KiJ Lace pr-—^
Shoes— cloth and kid tops • % \^/l
—new coin toes patent "h^/
leather tips — Louis XV 'ff •I .
French heels — up-to- /»FS\' {'
date shoe— equal- «M
ing in appearance 'J*ff ?x^J-
and wearing quali- /^^~XfC\ '
ties many $5 shoe / -y.y^' .
— all sizes and^^^x^ .••
widths.. 53.50 " - : y
New Shoe Department— . • '.
First aisle from door— right.
FALL FURNISHING
FOR MEN— POPU-
LAR PRICES. ; ;:
Choke I fall novelties in colored ;
shirts — new effects— horizontal and •
lateral stripes— attached or : de . ;
tached — the famous ■ Star and *' »«
Monarch makes— sl. so and... 4>>.UU
■. ■: Our Men's Dollar. Walking Glove
is as fully guaranteed •as ,• the.,
higher priced goods— new tan * nr :
5hade5.....................:...—— $*.UU
We show the new creations in neck-
wear as rapidly as they appear in New
York— Puffs, Ascots, Tecks and Four-.;
in-hands, in novelty silks." and L-- ■;
satins, fall styles, 50c and,..:.:..'. ZDC
' ' ■ ; i Men's Fancy;
■ •: • ' . j4~'A ,J. Socks inPlaids.
/f "v ! , and „ Stripes---"
C\ f'S/J^ 'ate styles,' '• •
\A e^nt^ST^\ • ast colors »- '. •
*S/^^^i\ quality.. 25c,
s^TrtW'lAr A Boys' Percale..
1 \^mxk v Golf S;lir * s • ■
I \t'jNlh? Y^v'j with separate .
I 1/ £ v fi cuffs, many :
' L^^^J^ pretty cr : ..>
JUS JT patterns OU.C-.
' » Good quality
Madras Pajamas in fancy stripes— the. '.
most comfortable sleeping gar- *i _•_'
ments made — per suit.... '.. »p>..:/3.
Men's Oneita Union Suits—con-
ceded to be more comfortable than
ihe two-piece suits— the demand '
for them constantly increas- * i _ A
ing. v ....:..: $ |.oO»;
THE FALL VEIL- :'
INGS IN THE . ;
NEW SECTION. ,:.
' Veilings now removed to lace aisle.
Easily found because it is a big de-
partment with us. More room than'
ever to display all of the late novelties
received during the past week. ■ ••
200 pieces Chenille Spot Tuxedo
ings— lB inches — black, mag^
pie, browns.- navys— including the
new Chenille Spot and Sewing >»i-
Silk Vei1ing— yard...................-' 25c .
15 pi?ces nil new effects and very
becoming— lB-inch Tuxedo or Chiffon
Veilings with Chenille spot— V/y'
the new coloi ings— yard.....^.... SUC.
56
1 SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 4, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
.-"„" Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE.JManager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F«
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Streel
Telephone Main* 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
, . for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per mont(j
• ' ' 65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL .^ __One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE O-OB^roadway
t»EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rijifis Hous«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 AUAHlstcr street, open until 9:30 ;
o'clock- 65 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock, i
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh i
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana !
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— 'The Rajah " •
Baldwin—' A Marriage of Convenience," Monday night.
Alcazar— -The Butterflies
Morosco'B— "Fallen Among Thieves '
Tlvoli—" Pag-llaecl ' ' and '• Cavallerla Rust'.cana."
Orphenm - Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man."
■ ' Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair..
Sherman-Clay Hall— Durward Leiy, Monday, September 2&
. tutros Baths— .Swimming.
Metropolitan Temple-Concert. Thursday September 8.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Courelng— lngleslde Coursing Park.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
State Fair— Sacramento, September 6.
•• : ■•.-auction sALka -
By G. H. I'm been & Co. — Monday, September It, Real Estate
. at 14 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
MR. PHELAN'S CASE.
THE morning organ of the committee of. one
hundred congratulates Mayor Phelan upon the
enviable position which he occupies in politics
before this community. "After the long and some
times bitter fight in which he has been engaged for
good government,'' says this organ, "it must be
pleasing to him to find that the people of all parties
look to him as the one candidate for Mayor to be
seriously considered."
We do not hesitate to give currency to these con
gratulations. Mayor Phelan has certainly achieved
an enviable reputation as a first-class political dem
agogue. He is entitled to especial credit for this be
cause he is a man of wealth and position and ought
to be in better business. But he is certainly open to
the reward which awaits "honest" men in politics.
That is to say, he will finally have the poniard thrust
into his vitals by a grateful political party.
Mayor Phelan and the organ referred to ought to
be reminded, however, that exactly four years ago
another gentleman who had also gained the latter's
respect and veneration occupied the same position
before his party that Mayor Phelan occupies to-day.
We refer to Mr. Ellert. This gentleman was the sub
ject of congratulation all around. He received the
unanimous nomination of the reform parties for
Mayor, and everybody indulged the swelling pride
which now animates the organ in behalf of Mayor
Phelan.
But what was the result? The Populists nominated
Adolph Sutro against him. Mr. Sutro is now dead
and we are compelled to speak of him respectfully,
but as a demagogue he was the most artful we have
ever seen. He played upon the public feeling with
effect. He fought Mr. Huntington with wild des
peration and promised that if he were elected he
would close up the Southern Pacific and give all his
property to the public.
When the votes were counted Ellert was third in
the race. Even Dr. O'Donnell, the quack candidate,
defeated the man in whom the organ a few days be
fore had felt a just pride.
We do not refer to this matter for the purpose of
disconcerting Mayor Phelan and his newspaper or
gan, but merely to remind them that politics is a
queer thing, and that when politicians parade their
"honesty" before the people they are taking desper
ate chances. It may be that there are large num
bers of men in San Francisco who are even now
putting up a job on Mayor Phelan. Undoubtedly if
they spring the right kind of a candidate they will
land him where they landed EHert.
One of the minor episodes of the war was the
resignation of the colonel of the Sixth Massachu
setts. Now he is charged with cowardice. His
claim is that he was ordered to shoot stragglers of
his own command and refused to do so. If he cor
rectly states the case civilians, who after all consti
tute a majority, will say that he did well. The men
who volunteered for service during the war with
Spain were not of the sort to deserve killing at the
hands of their comrades.
Of course $40,000,000 for battleships seems like
considerable money. When one reflects, however,
that such individuals as Rockefeller could draw a
check for the entire amount and have as much left,
the sum somehow begins to lose the aspect of mag
nificence.
Conflicting reports concerning the situation in
Manila continue to circulate. If the ones in relation
to the hostile attitude of Aguinaldo are true the vol
unteers on this coast have too early begun to fret at
the prospect of not getting into actual service.
Altogether France has had a rather uncomfortable
time with Dreyfus. It is, however, evident that the
innocence of the prisoner is never to be established
if the authorities can prevent. There would be too
. much of an apology due him.
As nearly as may be judged by comments from
papers in his own section Brigadier General Otis
could conclude to remain" at Manila indefinitely
without causing a wave of grief to sweep across
Southern California.
Necessity has arisen for the President's private sec
retary to denounce Poultney Bigelow as a falsifier,
and it must be said that Mr. Porter rose to the occa
sion admirably.
Wells-Fargo people still insist upon the accuracy
of their dream that Congress never meant any part
of that cruel war tax to fall on them.
It is time for some of the brutal captains and mates
who make life at sea a horror for sailors to be sent
to jail and get a taste of discipline themselves.
MAGUIRE'S RAILROAD POLICY.
ON the 4th of February, 1898, Judge Maguire
made a speech in the House, reported in full
in Congressional Record, Volume 31, No. 164,
in which he developed in complete detail his position
in favor of Government ownership of railways.
Going over the familiar argument that a railway is
a substitute for the common highway, he proceeded
to draw, very plainly, the distinction of Government
ownership and operation of railroads, which he de
nounced bitterly as a socialistic proposition, and his
plan for Government ownership alone. Having es
tablished this distinction he said:
"What, then, is the function of democratic govern
ment? Certainly not to bar the way of progress by
refusing to provide a highway for the new and im
proved vehicles of transportation. Certainly not to
disregard the lives and interests of its people by com
bining railroads with wagon-roads, but to open up
new highways so constructed as to serve the interests
of the public with the greatest possible safety in the
operation of the new system of transportation. When
the railroad highway is constructed what, then, is
the true function of democratic government? It is
first to protect the highway from interference of any
kind that would either destroy or impair its usefulness.
What next? Manifestly to open the highway to all
citizens who desire to operate locomotives and cars
over the road on terms of perfect equality and with
such limitations only as are necessary to prevent
transporters of freight and passengers from interfer
ing with each other, and to prevent as far as possible
the danger of collisions and other accidents. This
done by the Government, the commercial instincts of
the people, based upon intelligent self-interest, will
do the rest."
This plan is not original with the Judge. It was
mooted more than twenty-five years ago, and was
known as the "livery stable plan."
It will be observed that while he insists that the
Government owns the railroad, stations and ter
minals, and keeps up the analogy between the rail
road and the wagon-road, he leaves it to be inferred
that the use of the railroad, like that of the wagon
road, is to be free to the many individuals whose com
mercial instincts will lead them to hitch up cars and
locomotives and go into the business of transporta
tion in competition with each other, as they formerly
did in staging and freighting on the common high
way. The wagon-road is made^and kept in order at
public cost, and he leaves the inference, again, that
the same is to be the case with the railroad.
The use of steam in transportation, the risk to per
son and property in transit by that means, the rivalry
of individual interests in operating railroads on the
livery stable plan, and the easy way ,of shifting re
sponsibility for loss and damage, would cause both
the shipper and the individuals who are to run the
livery stable trains to shy at the whole plan. The
result would naturally be that instead of competition
there would be more complete monopoly than now.
As the person owning the trains is not responsible
for keeping the track in order, but that must be done
by the public, there would appear the same indiffer
ence to it that is everywhere manifested by the pub
lic in keeping the wagon-roads passable. If ties rot
and rails spread; if trestles break and bridges fall
under trains, responsibility would run to the Govern
ment and not to the owner of trains and locomotives.
The Government cannot be sued. Every year now
millions of dollars are recovered against railroads in
the courts. Under the Judge's system claimants for
damages would have to go to Congress or the Legis
lature for an appropriation in relief. A glance at the
docket of the various claims committees of Congress
throws light on such a process. This new class of
claims would first present themselves as separate de
mands. Getting no satisfaction, they would finally
combine in the hands of claim agents, and, as the
volume of this combination increased, the attack on
the financial integrity of the legislators would grow
more formidable, and the means of corruption in pub
lic life would be immensely greater than they have
been when railroad corporations have dealt with the
legislative branch of the Government.
Again, the Judge's plan would not nourish that in
dividualism for which he says he stands as against
socialism, nor would it probably tend to cheapen the
cost of travel and freight transportation. He recurs
agi in and again to the former state of free competi
tion in both on the wagon-roads. If the change from
that method of carriage to the railroad had been
simply a change in the element of time, reducing the
time between producer and consumer, and enabling
the more frequent use of capital employed in the ex
change and thereby increasing its profits, the benefit
would have been material. It would have been sim
ilar to the increase in the earning power of a ship
and the more frequent turning of capital at a profit
which followed Maury's institution of great circle
sailing on the oceans. But this was not the only ben
efit that followed the substitution of rail for wagon
transportation. It immediately reduced greatly the
cost per passenger and per ton per mile, and that re
duction has gone on progressively under the present
system of ownership and operation of railways, which
Judge Maguire desires to abolish.
Edward Atkinson estimates that the former charge
per head of population for the transportation of food,
fuel, fibers and fabrics was $31 41 per annum, and
this charge has now fallen to $10 47 per head per
annum,
The Judge desires to change the system that has
effected this reduction in the cost of living and to
approximate it to the former wagon-road plan. He
must show that under his plan there will not also fol
low an approximation to former cost of the service.
He proposes to abolish franchises, so that there being
no franchise there can be no public control in the
sense in which the same is now asserted over corpora
tions engaged in transportation.
The only limitation will be in the application to in
dividuals of the common law of common carriers, as
was done to the stage and freight wagon.
There is a further aspect in which the livery stable
plan may be considered, to which attention will be
paid hereafter.
The other day a respectable young man, steadily
employed, and having the confidence of his employ
ers, was arrested on a charge of picking pockets. He
was released shortly afterward, but his experience is
probably not a pleasant one to undergo. So far as
known, however, there have been no apologies ten
dered by the police.
Among his other accomplishments General Pando
seems to be what is known in criminal circles in this
country as a grafter. He got out of Cuba both with
a whole skin and a full purse, neither of which bless
ings he in any measure merited.
Fining a dog-catcher for the use of improper lan
guage suggests an inqiKry as to what is expected of
a dog-catcher. In intellect and morals it is fair to
say he usually ranks little above the canine he pur
sues.
There might be surprise at Merritt's leaving his
post of duty before the executive chair had been
fairly warmed but for the belief that he is corning
home to get married.
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1893.
GENERAL WHEELER'S STATEMENT.
YELLOW journalism by the excessive impu
dence of its lying has once more brought down
upon itself a rebuke from an official of high
rank. This time the rebuke comes from General
Wheeler and consists in a refutation of the lurid
stories of suffering in Camp Wikoff, and a tempered
but severe condemnation of the sensational fake
mongers who have been so busily engaged for some
time past misrepresenting affairs in the camp for the
purpose of maligning the administration.
As a reason for issuing his statement General
Wheeler says he receives daily a large number of let
ters from relatives of men at Camp Wikoff inquiring
about their condition and expressing anxiety caused
by the sensational reports spread abroad. One of
these letters published in full by the general says:
In regard to my stepson, we feel very uneasy
about him on account of the newspaper reports of
the privation and suffering inflicted on the" private
soldiers. Although he has never uttered a complaint
since he has been in the army, we hear from other
sources of the cruel and horrible treatment inflicted
upon our soldiers under the pretense of humanity,
for our neighbors and the whole country are in a
state of terrible excitement.
This evidence of the anxiety, suffering and mental
agony caused in many a home by the sensation
mongers of the yellow press, while a matter about
which the fakers are indifferent, is of serious moment
to thousands of families out of which young men
went into the army, and General Wheeler rightly
felt it his duty to relieve that anxiety by making pub
lic a statement of the real condition of the camp un
der his command.
After giving a review of the whole course of the
campaign from the time the volunteers were sent to
the front, and explaining every feature of their treat
ment by the military authorities, the general con
cludes by an elaborate account of Camp Wikoff, in
the course of which he says:
The soldiers upon their arrival at this place re
ceived every care and bounty which could be pro
cured by money. The President and the Secretary
of War directed that their health arid comfort should
be cared for without reference to expense, and in
addition the people within a circle of a hundred
miles vied with each other in shipping to them car
loads and steamboat loads of luxuries of all kinds.
I have just finished my daily Inspection of the hos
pitals. With rare exceptions the sick are cheerful
and improving. I have nurses and doctors to care
for them, and in all my many tours I have not found
a single patient who made the slightest complaint.
As the statement was designed to carry comfort to
the thousands of anxious hearts throughout the coun
try, General Wheeler gave it to the Associated Press
in order that it might have the widest circulation pos
sible. It was published in full yesterday by The Call
and the Chronicle, but the Examiner in the yellow
ness of its yellow journalism cut it to a third of a
column, and buried that in a sensational report from
New York headed: "Perishing of Soldiers. Three
Thousand Names Already on the Death Roll. Brave
Men a Prey to Fever and Hunger, Due to Neglect of
Authorities."
Yellow journalism has committed many offenses
against law, decency, honesty and morality, and it
is now offending against humanity itself. In its keen
desire for a lurid sensation it cares not what pain it
may inflict upon the anxious mothers whose sons are
in the camps. It is therefore an act in every way
worthy of General Wheeler's humane character that
he should announce to the country that the boys who
have come back stricken with the fevers of the Cuban
jungles are receiving every comfort and assistance
that a grateful Government can give or a rich and
patriotic people can offer.
THE CONFERENCE WITH CANADA.
BY a brief dispatch from Quebec the public has
been notified that the conference between the
American and the Canadian Commissioners in
that city is progressing favorably, and both sides arc
sanguine of reaching a satisfactory agreement. The
results of the work of the first week are reported to
be gratifying, and it is said they indicate a prompt as
well as an adequate settlement of all the points in con
troversy.
It is not to be expected that the proceedings of the
conference will always maintain this roseate hue.
The Commissioners have hardly as yet outlined their
claims and counterclaims. They have, in fact, hardly
had time to digest the dinners to which the hospitality
of the romantic old French city has invited them.
When they arrive at the point where they must de
termine disputes by deciding for one side or the other
the inevitable clash will come, and something of an
tagonism is sure to be engendered. Nevertheless
there appear really substantial reasons for believing
thit the conclusion of the whole will be as bright as
the beginning, and that after all the controversy the
farewell banquets will be as pleasing as those which
have welcomed the Commissioners to the opening of
the conference.
The extent of the work to be accomplished is about
as great as that of any ever submitted to diplomatists.
It includes every one of the many questions that ex
ist between ourselves and the "Canadians. Among
these are issues involving the fur seals in Bering Sea,
fisheries on both the Atlantic and the Pacific Coast,
the Alaskan boundary, the transit of merchandise
from and to points in either country across the ter
ritory of the other, alien labor laws applicable to the
citizens of the two countries, mining rights of the
citizens of one country in the territory of the other,
commercial reciprocity, a rearrangement of the treaty
concerning war vessels on the lakes, reciprocity in
wrecking or salvage rights, and, finally, provisions
for the conveyance for trial or punishment of persons
in the lawful custody of the officers of one country
through the territory of the other.
These issues have furnished a fruitful field for con
troversy between the two countries Mor years, and
some of them have seemed well nigh impossible of
solution by any other method than that of annexing
Canada to the United States. Now that all of them
are to be considered together, however, a settlement
may be effected by the process of granting conces
sions on one point for the sake of equal concessions
on another. In that way by judicious compromises
an agreement may be reached which will be suffi
ciently fair to merit ratification by the Senate.
The only danger in the situation is that when com
promising becomes the order of the day the inter
ests of the Pacific Coast may be sacrificed for the
sake of advantages in the East. The American com
missioners at the conference are Senator Fairbanks of
Indiana (chairman), John W. Foster of Ohio, John
A. Kasson of lowa, Thomas J. Cooledge o/ Massa
chusetts. Nelson Dingley of Maine, Senator George
Gray of Delaware. The Pacific Coast, it will be seen,
has not a representative.
There is, however, no advantage in borrowing
trouble. The commission is an able one, and when
the work is done we may have as good reason as the
rest of the country to be satisfied with what it ac
complishes.
One reason for investigating the war scandals is to
officially determine just how big a liar a yellow jour
nalist can be.
Colonel Henry of the French army seems to have
set a good example for certain of his fellow officers.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
There is delight in reading lucid
editorial, one about which there is no
obscure meaning," no chance of miscon
struction, and therefore I gladly quote
from the Report:
"It is pretty safe to say that the peo
ple know the cause of discontent in
this State, and will make an effort to
remove that cause on Vction day."
This editorial has the peculiar merit
of being as good for one party as for
another. Republicans, Democrats,
Populists, Prohibitionists, Socialists
may all avail themselves of it, and
vote with a clear conscience.
A soldier of the Civil War writes to
know why I have said nothing about
mismanagement of local camps while,
so much has been said as to the ap
parently grossly criminal conduct of
those on the Atlantic. Evidently the
old soldier has missed an issue or two.
I have said considerable. The selec
tion and retention of Camp Merritt
was an outrage, and there has been no
hesitancy i n putting the opinion on re
cord. Still, there is only a subdued
satisfaction in this. The culpable of
ficials do not seem to care.
There are many points in newspaper
English to which I fail to take kind
ly. One is the habit of recording on
the death of John Smith that he left a
widow and a certain number of chil
dren. When John was called, he left
a wife, unless the happiness had been
his to marry a widow. He had no
widow to leave. To say that he left
a certain number of ex-children would
be as appropriate. It is true that
after the decease of John, Mrs. Smith
became a widow, but the woman he
grieved at leaving, and the woman he
did leave, was his wife. No aggrega
tion of reporters, no glittering array of
copy readers, can make me think to the
contrary. To be exact, after a man
is dead, he has nothing. To say that
he left his widow instead of his wife
is a technical lunacy. He never had a
widow, and he did have a wife.
In the. lmmortal words of the cam
paign orator, "I yield to none in my
veneration for the old soldier." This
does not prevent the expression of an
opinion that the pension roll, as now
constituted, is a shameless sham, a
fraud cumbered with names which
have no right there, the names of hyp
ocrites and bunko sharps. The war
has been over for thirty-three years,
and yet there were added to that list
last year enough to swell it to 17,700
more than it had been the year pre
ceding. This is the token of gigantic
swindle. I would give every old sol
dier a pension. The man who went to
the front, risked his life, took from his
career a portion of Its prime, deserves
anything his country can do for him.
This does not prevent me as an Ameri
can citizen from protesting against
larceny. There are men on the pen
sion roll who were never on a muster
roll. There are women and children
not even remotely connected with any
one who ever wore the blue. There
are capitalists drawing special pensions
like those of ex-Senator Manderson of
Nebraska and Judge Long of Michigan,
who 9hould blush to look a veteran in
the face. No wonder they are afraid
to have the pension list published.
There was a great cry when Cleveland
vetoed a lot of special pension bills. It
befell at that time I was writing edi
torial on a Democratic paper and felt
bound, if possible, to defend him.
Sending to Washington for copies of
the bills and the vetoes, I read them
carefully and was surprised to find
there was not a bill in the bundle an
honest man could have sanctioned.
The chief fault is not with the pen
sion lawyers, most of whom should be
in jail, but with a Congress weak and
corrupt enough to pass the measures,
a series of executives with too little
courage to interfere and a pension ma
chine whose motive power is politics.
Somebody has called attention to the
fact that while Ambrose Blerce assails
the writers of dialect, his best news
paper work is dialect of a pronounced
variety. Reference is had to his "Lit
tle Johnny." The criticism is unfair.
The dialect artists to whom Bierce ob
jects, try to imitate something and
fail. Blerce does not imitate, but cre
ates. He has a right to create any
thing he pleases, and as to whether he
avoids failure must be a matter of per
sonal judgment, no Judgment in the lot
being better than his own. "Johnny's"
thoughts are couched in language such
as youth never conceived, and are
themselves far above the realm of boy
hood, in which they are supposed to
originate. In idea and phraseology
their like is only to be found in the
case of the wonderful child, Marjorie
Fleming, whose biography, most
charmingly written by John Brown,
may fairly be rated as a classic. 1
liked Majrjorie and I like "Little
Johnny" partly for her sake. He must
have been in her confidence.
Somebody writes to ask what I re
gard as a "burning issue." Possibly the
Examiner edition which goes to the
garbage crematory.
• * •
A lady asks that I set forth in few
words the difference between the Re
publican and Democratic parties. She
says the matter has puzzled herself
and many of her friends. To throw
light upon the situation is a pleasure.
That ladies should be taking interest
in such things is a gratifying circum
stance, and may be important, if they
ever get old enough to vote. The dif
ference is, ' that concerning the vital
principles of government, the Repub
licans believe one way and the Demo
crats another. I have got this far, and
am now devoting days and nights to
ascertaining which way is which. Of
course there is no need to explain what
a vital principle of government may be,
the truth being apparent that its im
portance is so great as to
make it recognizable at a glance
In elucidating the subject I may
add that a Republican is a
Republican because if he were not he
would be a Democrat, and then if the
Republicans were to win, where would
he be at? This goes with a vice versa
attachment, making it equally applic
able to the Democrats. Republicans
uphold sound money, while a part of
them lean toward free silver. I do not
grasp the meaning of the term, never
having seen any silver of this descrip
tion. Democrats are for free silver,
with a proportion kicking over the
traces and Bhouting for sound money.
When people of opposing parties enter
tain similar doctrine* the difference re
By HENRY JAMES.
maining is that one is in office and the
other hopes to be. As to the tariff, the
state of facts is analogous, or even a
trifle more. On all other issues there is
a uniformity of opinion, save that the
disagreement is slightly stronger. I
feel, now that the explanation is down
in black and white, that it may be in
adequate, but it is all I know of the
subject, and I am grateful at knowing
so much.
• * »
The case of Mrs. Botkin has served
to bring into notice many unenviable
traits of human nature. No sooner had
the woman been accused of murder
than uprose a cloud of harpies anxious
to proclaim her guilt, but laboring un
der the disadvantage of not knowing
anything about the matter one way or
another. Their savageness had been
aroused by the chance to inflict pain.
It was a showing of the modified in
stinct which in ruder days impelled the
populace to turn thumbs down when
the worsted gladiator fell powerless. At
this writing Mrs. Botkin is still in jail.
So far as I have been able to observe
there has as yet appeared no good rea
son why she should be there. She was
charged on flimsy evidence which was
dissipated the moment it came into the
light. All that now remains is the
doubtful word of Dunning that she
wrote the anonymous letters which had
annoyed his wife. The banded females
who indicated a willingness to tell all
they knew and expedite the journey of
Mrs. Botkin toward the gallows had
nothing to tell, being actuated appar
ently by a sweet and tender sympathy
of which they may be proud for the
rest of their days. The police are mak
ing much ado over the fact that a
handkerchief enclosed in the fatal box
of candy had been purchased at a cer
tain shop in this city. I fall to grasp
the importance of the point. Necessar
ily a handkerchief is purchased some
where, and on the day this particular
one was bought there were doubtless
several women besides Mrs. Botkin in
San Francisco. The muruer of Mrs.
Dunning and her sister, if murder it
was, was a crime so peculiarly atro
cious there could be no tendency to
shield the guilty wretch, and sex would
be no protection were the assassin a
woman. It does not follow that the first
woman Lees chances to incarcerate
must be convicted. There is certainly
no shadow of justice in a lot of report
ers of either gender and of no gender
'returning an adverse verdict based on
their own excited lack of information.
Perhaps Mrs. Botkin is guilty. I would
not venture to deny it. She is a weak
and foolish woman, in distress, almost
friendless. Therefore let her arbit
rarily be condemned. It is the way ol
this pleasant world.
• • ♦
To know that in every emergency
there appears the man is a comforting
thing. Yet, even knowing this, it is
almost impossible to look forward to
the time the country shall be without
its W. R. Hearst, and not feel a thrill
of apprehension. And what shall Cali
fornia do when Andy Lawrence shall
have been called to his fathers, or
somewhere? Hearst is the American
people and Andy is the State. When
Hearst hoists himself above the hori
zon and gives voice to the sentiment of
the great nation which centers under
his hat there may be at first an im
pulse to accuse him of an egotism
amounting to insanity; some in their
haste may term him a ribald jester or
a solemn and ponderous ass. They
formed this opinion when he made his
latest display in sending congratula
tions to the wife of Dreyfus. He did
no^ send them as from an American
citfeen. No. He sent them as from the
American people. Good. Let no cap
tious critic ask him for a sight at his
credentials. Clad in the star-spangled
banner, bearing aloft the eagle, his
noble personality attracts the eye of
the universe, and as he capers he is at
least good as a monkey show. Those
who will not concede to him the posi
tion of the materialized Spirit of the
Republic must acknowledge that as a
monkey show he is all right. The qual
ity of the Hearst nerve Is made mani
fest by recollection that a few months
ago his papers contained a statement
purporting to be from Mme. Dreyfus,
and which she denounced as totally
false, as everybody supposed it to be.
Yet he rises superior to the fact of
being gently branded as a liar, and
jumps at the chance to revivify the
waning memory of that circumstance.
He will not abandon the headship of
this people for the selfish happiness of
keeping his unhallowed personality
from view. And little Andy, too. He
demands that the Seventh California
be mustered out, labels his message as
from the citizens of California, and the
order for mustering out comes. To be
sure the order had already been formu
lated, but, not having access to news
facilities, Andy did not know this, and
he is not of a sort to permit the ham
pering verities to blemish his glory.
They are a great pair. Either one will
acknowledge it. Hearst is forty-five
times the greater, for he is all the
States, and Andy but one, and yet on
that justly celebrated monument the
boss is trying to have the country erect
to his honor, there ought to be a niche
for the name of Andy.
* ' *
Phil Francis of the Stockton Mall
rails against the utility of a college
education. To agree with him would
be a pleasure if he were right. I think
he is wrong. He has a college educa
tion himself, and there are no indica
tions that it hurts him any.
An analysis of "honor" as it prevails
In the French army would baffle the
most astute psychologist. Colonel
Henry, asked if he had committed the
crime of forgery, the act involving
dreadful consequences to an accused
man, made denial. Questioned again
"on his honor as a soldier" he admitted
himself guilty of the heinous crime.
His reply freely interpreted was about
this: "Since you ask me on my
as a soldier whether I am an unmiti
gated scoundrel, I feel bound to an-
swer that I am." So thieves do not
have a monopoly of honor. It is shared
by forgers and perjurers and persecu
tors of the innocent. But possibly it is
not of the highest quality.
There is a considerable feeling of
sympathy for Spain, but it will vanish
if the report be confirmed that Weyler
is making trouble in the sorry mon
archy. Any Government which would
permit that bloody handed, lantern-
Jowled monstrosity of crime to make it
any trouble save that involved in send
ing him to the garrote, is beyond the
need of sympathy and in a condition
demanding nothing but a funeral.-  M
• * • • . ■■ V .
Thoughtfully and kindly the daily
papers are presenting pictures' of
everything pertaining to the Dunning
poisoning. I notice with a thrill of'■"
gratitude we are permitted .to took ■
upon the photograph of the girT who : \
may have sold the box of candy.. B.ut
there were other girls who have at
tained to similar fame. Let's: hftVe
them, too. Then the girls who did not
sell the candy and the girjs. who:
might have sold it had they.been e m^ :
ployed at the store where the purchase:
was made, and the streetcar whjrh
possibly was passing the door at the
fateful moment, offer a wealth of.ma
terial for illustration. . . :
One surprising feature of : the at
tempt of the Wells-Fargo Company to
evade its taxes is due to the character
of the man holding the presidency f
the concern. I had been led. to. unW- ■
stand that Mr. Valentine was noted for
his superior piety and his good works.
It seems to me incompatible with cor- .
rect morals to undertake to cheat, and
if forcing patrons to pay the war tax
meant by Congress to be paid by the
company is not cheating the only other
name for it will have to he a harsher
one. Not only is there about the trans
action more than the savor of dishon
esty but the absolute lack of patriot
ism is shocking. At a time .when the
Government was subjected to extra
expense citizens bore their share with
out a murmur. They did murmur when
they were asked in addition to bear
the share of a great, rich corporation,
fattening its stockholders with big div
idends and getting an extra profit
from the existence of the war it refused
to help sustain. Other express com
panies have concluded to abide, by the
law. They set an excellent example
for Mr. Valentine, and if he were to
follow it perhaps he <:ould with a
clearer conscience sit in his pew, or
with renewed interest counsel young
men how to be truly good, which I be
lieve is part of his calling between;
business hours. ' '..'.- . /
ACROSS THE COURT.
When Julia tends her singing birds
And shakes her curls at them I know- !
What makes them chirp and warble Bb.
I need not hear the laughing ■words
With which phe scolds her feathered pets.
Though they sound sweeter than the notM
The birds pipe from their golden throats
And seem to flount my fierce regrets. .
When Julia tends her birds and beams
Her sweetest smiles on them 'tis piaia
That she's determined to disdain- '■■"
AH else that lives— or so It seem*.
What cares she that my window sill
With pos,y blows is all astir;
That I peer slyly out at her •'.''-■ '
In admiration and good will? . '
Stem fate! The narrow court divide!*
Our lots, and yet I must confess
A most presumptuous tenderness '"'.
For Julia's birds— and more besides. .. .
Her pets sing in the glad sunshine . ' -
Of her sweet smile, 'tis plain to see; .
I'd sing if she should smile on me,
Or even on these flowers of mine!' • >.' •
—Chicago Newi.
AUTHORSHIP OF HYMNS,
An eminent Catholic divine, preaching
to a congregation mostly Protestant, gave
out as the hymn before the sermon,
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." Being asked
afterward if he knew the origin of that
hymn, he replied, "It is one of the oldest
and finest hymns Of our church." He did
not know that it was written- by a Uni
tarian woman. Is It not a peculiar fact
that Cardinal Newman's hymn, "Lead,
Kindly Light." should be a favorite In all
Protestant churches, although he wrote
it to describe the rest and peace he found
in Joining the Roman Catholic church?— ■
Boston Christian Register.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c lt>. ' In fire etch
boxes. 627 Market street. Palace Bldg. •
Special information supplied ■ daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Stationery and Printing. .
Marcus Ward's and Hurlbut's fine writ-
Ing papers, all sizes, shapes and tints.
Koh-i-noor pencils, Waterman pens- and
everything else in the stationery line for.
office, store and home use. We have a
number of new printing presses in con
stant use on bill and letter heads, state
ments and other office supplies. Invita
tions and visiting cards a specialty. Good
work, good material and low prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. . •
The streetcars in Belfast, Ireland, con
tain a notice to this effect: "The. habit
of spitting in a public conveyance .is.*
filthy one, and renders the person so of
fending a subject for the- loathing of his
fellow-passengers." . ■ : :
First and Second . :
Class iates again reduced via the Santa Fa- ••
route. Call at the new ticket office, 628 Market.
■i • ■ ' « ♦ ■ .' •- . v••-■ v
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP • "•
a cough at any time, and will cure the .worst :
cold in twelve hours or money refunded, JVb ' ■
Percentage •■ Pharmacy. . ' ..■-■•-;.■.
. . ■ ♦ « — .' '■'. . ". ■•: .■■','..'
I Only the best for the best only. ; Among: ■'• tha ','".;
Barrels, 863 Market st. . •.;■" '•••.•••..'•
■ ♦ • '■ — . -•• ■
Russian papers complain' that the. .Si
berian railway, instead of civilising' the
regions through which- it passes. .-Is .
teaching: the natives the art of robbing \ •
trains, which is greatly in vogue... .'. ■ ..;/■-•
ADVERTISEMENTS. ." '■.■: \V •_:;>_
J Ever • liilii|i
Drink Coffee? V
Americans' Best :
THAT'S THE I AttPA vj I
VUllvy
* \ ". ' ' " •;.": . .'•.">-■'
. try it .. ■■•.-/.•:;./.■:•;■■..".
, ; YOU SAVE
5 Cents per -f% £f ■■' ' -'-■''"
Pound on V-fOt.fCS
111 Cents per • • *1 f • '■'■*'*?*"
IV Pound on 1 WClriS . : •'""■
... : ■.. AND GET A. ■ . V ' -
v Beautiful Present .: , : •
with Each Pound . .
Free
Great American Tea Go/s
MONEY-SAVING STORES .....
861 Market St., oppo- .- 705 Larkln st. ■.. '
- site Powell. . •• -1419. P01k- st. • -•. '.' ' ."
140 Sixth st. v- IRI9 Deviiadero st '"■ '■
218 Third st. '' 2008 FUlmore et. : ■•"■' :
. 606 Kearny st. 621 Montgomery "a'v«.
146 Ninth st. t . . 1190 Kentucky*BtV '•"' "
2510 Mission Bt. • '.' ' - 3285 Mission st. -" -';• • -'.
3006 Sixteen th. St. •.," '' 52 Market at.. . ;">! • ';'
355 Hayes st. ■ - ■:,'.,' t '.'.-:'■'.•'
OAKLAND STORES ' /■".., ':'
.1053 "Washington St. ".'; 131 San Pablo avi^ : .■
917 Broadway. : '■ •:- • ■■■ , 616 E. Twelfth' at. : '
• ■ , 1510 Seventh st. . . .\ .-,;■ ? •'■ ..- ' •'.
;AIiAMEDA^-1355 Park at, "V-
■'. Illustrated Catalogue mailed FREB ;' on -\
application.RESIGNATION
OF MINISTER
CAVAIGNAC
rjead of prance's War De
partment Steps Out
of Office.
Disagrees With Colleagues and Op
poses Revision, DeclariQg l-|e
Believes Dreyfus Guilty.
PARIS, Sept. $.. — M. Cavaignac, Minister for
War, has resigned. The resignation of M. Cavaignac
is due to a disagreement with his colleagues who
desire a revision of the Dreyfus case; thus a revi
sion of the case seems assured.
M. Cavalgnae sent the following let
ter of resignation to M. Brisson, Pre
mier and President of the Council:
I have the honor to send you
, and beg you to transmit to
. the President of the republic
. my resignation as Minister of
• War. Tf)ere exists a disagree
ment between us which, be
ing prolonged, would paralyze
the. Government at a time
, when It most needs full unity
• of decision,
' . I rerrjain convinced of the
' guilt of Dreyfus and as deter
mined as heretofore to corrj
bat a revision of the case. I
. do not intend to sf)irK the re
■ sponsibilities of the present
situation, but I cannot as
surrje tf)em without being in
accord with the chief of the
'Government to wfjich I have
the honor to belong.
These are the circumstances which
led M. Cavaignac to resign: After the
dtucovery of Colonel Henry's forgery
the Government sought means to reas
sure the public The question of revi
sion was broached. Certain Ministers
believed the time had come to throw
full litrht on the matter and to establish
tvrry responsibility.
M. Oavaignac strongly objected. He
declared that he was convinced of the
guilt of Dreyfus. M. Brisson vainly
pointed out to M. Cavalgnao that the
revision would be purely judicial. M.
Cavaignac replied that revision could
only be Justified if some new fact de
veloped to show that there had been a
Judicial error and that no such fact ex
isted, Henry's forgery being subsequent
to the conviction of Dreyfus, and only
Indirectly connected with it.
M. Bourgeois, recalled from Switzer
land, made a new effort, but M. Cavaig
nac still refused. The latter saw M.
Brissori, the Premier, and declared that
his determination was immovable and
that h.e would resign.
After M. Cavaignac's departure a
conference was held at the Ministry of
the Interior between M. Brisson, Minis
ter Bourgeois and Sarrien. About 9
o'clock: M. Cavaignac's letter of resig
nation was received. It is assumed that
a majority of the Cabinet accept the
views of M. Brisson, as the others
maintain their portfolios.
The resignation of M. Cavaignac en
ables the Government to decide the
matter, and it is believed M. Cavaig
nac's successor at the War Office will
soon.be appointed" and a definite reso
lution taken.
GENERAL PELLIEUX MAY
SUCCEED CAVAIGNAC
Special cable to The Call and the New York
H-rald. Copyrighted, ISDS, by James Gor
.. : don I>nnf>tt.
,;. PARIS, Sept. 3.— lt is claimed that
no. one among the superior officers of
tho army will accept the legacy of
trouble which M. Cavaignac leaves be
hind him, although General Pellieux is
: spoken of. This seems, however, mere
conjecture, as it is Impossible that any
authoritative step should have been
taken already for the fresh Minister of
War.
It was General Pellieux who made
. the appeal to the jury in the first Zola
trial which created such a sensation.
General Pellieux is now an ardent ad
vocate of revisio. as one means of set
tling the question that has been rack
ing France for over two years. This
.is. the- man who several believe may
be. the probable successor of M. Cavaig
riac. It seems at any rate that there
Is no one prominent and competent
enough among civilians to undertake
tbe delicate duties of the Ministry of
War, while Admiral Fourichon is hard
ly to be entrusted with them, though
:■/• . " ADVERTISEMENTS.
lpiaTßiMM;cui§
Flool Building— 809 MARKET ST., BECOP(D FLOOR ' ' f-ooDaj'i LD , NG
S^iitii^lk ' PAINLESS DENTISTRY.
' •'• ••••■ ■'•- ;• ■ .^£j££3Ki?22«B Full Set of Teeth, extracting? free «i -«, „
.:-..;•.-.. s^^^^SSF^X ' GOLD CROWNS. 22k 'i '* up
'"• '•• ' &tt(%m BRIDGE WORK. per. tooth '.'.!!'.' 3 50 up
•••' " llallz _#Uf ' WRITTEN GUARANTEE GIVEN. UP
' '■ '" jjjvXjp j^~ss& BSsal Teeth and roots of all kinds and in all con-
MF<Bm "Siig&f jsgßr^re*' v * 7*9r dltlnns ran be treated or removed by unin
■ " ' : »'3r ' "*: l^ ' ' our electrical appliances without pain and -with
■ '/ ' \^F AmH<J^ * A suite of five rooms, elegantly furnished
' (/'/ ' Pr!H^*VcsWi an ' ! thorou ' !rhly e< l u| Pl' ed . »re at tl.e service of
.'"*! W^J^^^r' ' ° A Physician Always in Attendance.
/^^^^S^^^§*^ :^^SL^^^\ Skilled Operators— Lady Attendant.
'■'■■''^^m^^^m^m consultation free. .
"■■' ■ W®l.4v V^W^fffli^^. Office hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays,.
' : /^ \^s*Xj - *f (y^^Sr^ Don't Forget the Number— Mark.t st.
' •. » VS^J^ii V^^^^y M OZ^SJi Over CaT« Royal, corner Fourth. -.;
his name is also being bandied about
to-night In connection with the post.
GROUNDS UPON WHICH -
REVISION IS IN ORDER
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18S8, by James Gor
don Hennett.
PARIS, Sept. 3.— 1 had an interview
this afternoon with a Senator who at
one time or another has probably
known more of the Government's se
crets than any other man In public life
ut the present time In France. The
sum total of his statements is that a
revision is not only certain, but that
It is an obligation which the Govern
ment cannot shirk. In this he only
shares the opinion of most of the peo
ple here who are not blinded by pas
sion.
"I don't think," he said, "that the
former trials will be annulled. On the
contrary, I imagine a revision will be
undertaken on the ground of fresh evi
dence having been discovered. Now
the criminal code specially prescribes
that no case can be reopened unless
fresh evidence be promised to prove
the innocence of the prisoner. The
fact that Colonel Henry forged a letter
\ two years later than the trial can cer-
I tainly not be taken as evidence of this
i character, but the code also gives an
other ground upon which a fresh trial
may be ordered, and that is when a
witness may later be proved to have
committed perjury.
"Colonel Henry was one of the prin
cipal witnesses in the Dreyfus trial in
1894. Although he has not been proved
to have been a perjurer, yet the mere
fact that he has now confessed to for
gery gives ground for a suspicion that
his evidence in the trial may have
been false. It is therefore probable
that a revision of the trial will be or
dered on this ground. Personally, I
think there are decidedly good grounds
for annulling the trial, but if the same
result can be procured by a way not
open to such grave objections it is bet
ter that such a coui-se should be fol
lowed."
WAITING FOR MME. DREYFUS
TO DEMAND A NEW TRIAL
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IMS? by James Gor
don 13ennett.
PARIS, Sept. 3.— The Government is
waiting, waiting, probably with the
hope that Mrne. Dreyfus will make a
i demand for a fresh trial, using Henry's
j confession as a "fresh incident" called
■ for by law before a case can <5e re
opened. Should Mme. Dreyfus make
BUCh demand there seems to be little
: doubt that it would be granted at once.
I The Minister of Justice would find him
i self confronted by a plea in regular
i form and procedure so dear to the
! French mind. The affair would be at
I once brought into the judicial path,
which it seems to have quit in 1894.
Everything would be in order. A new
trial would be instituted, and whether
the verdict were again "guilty" or "in
nocent," both parties would be com
| polled to accept it as final.
There seems to be one danger in re
, vision upon Mme. Dreyfus' demand
that more than one prominent man is
regarding anxiously at the present mo
ment. This is, suppose the verdict
should happen to be "Dreyfus is inno-
I cent," what would not only France but
the entire civilized world say to a Gov
ernment that had not the courage to
take one single step to right a possible
error, even when confronted with proof
| of fraud and its natural corollary that
I such fraud might not he the only one in
connection with the case.
But it seems to be written that in this
affair every advantage gained by the
revisionists should be wrested from the
ruling powers by dint of hard fighting
and mere force of Irrefutable evidence.
Wilhelmina a Colonel.
BERLIN, Sept. 3.— Emperor William has
marked the Queen of Holland's accession
to the throne by appointing her honorary
colonel of the Fifteenth Hanoverian Hus
ss urs-^u rs-^ ?u 2? a i esty Personally called at
the Dutch Embassy and sent the young
Queen expressions 'of his joy and gSoS
wishes for her happiness and Buoceaslul
reign. Germany will not be specially rep
resented at the coronation ceremonies
but Individual rulers will attends ss ™ OI
force. **
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
MINISTER OF WAR CAVAIGNAC.
VISITS THE
HEROES OF
SANTIAGO
Presider)tMcKjnleySpeods
Five h|ours at Carr)p
WiKoff.
CAMP WIKOFF, MONTAUK
POINT, Sept. 3.— President McKinley
spent five hours in the camp to-day,
bareheaded most of the time, visiting
the sick In the hospitals and Inspecting
the well in their cantonments. . He
made a speech to the assembled infan
trymen, reviewed the cavalrymen, ex
pressed his opinion of the camp to the
reporters and issued an order directing
the regiments to return to their sta
tions east of the Mississippi.
With the President were Vice Presi
dent Hobart, Secretary Alger, Attorney
General Griggs, Senator Kedfleld Proc
tor of Vermont, Brigadier General Ea
gan, commissary general of the army;
Brigadier General Ludington, quarter
masterof the army; Colonel Heckerand
Secretaries to the President Porter and
Cortelyou. The ladies of the party
were Mrs. Alger and Miss Hecker, a
daughter of Colonel Hecker. General
Wheeler, his staff and nearly every of
ficer of prominence in the camp met
the President at the station, except
General Shafter, who is still in deten
tion, and General Young, who fell and
broke his arm last night. After greet
ings and introductions on the railway
platform, the President took General
Wheeler's arm and went to a car
riage.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt of the
Rough Riders was among a group of
horsemen near by. Mr. McKinley saw
him and got out of the carriage to
speak to him. Colonel Roosevelt has
tily dismounted and tussled with a
gauntlet for fifteen seconds, so that
ungloved he might shake hands. The
column of carriages wound up a hill
escorted by the Third Cavalry Regi
ment and the mounted band of the
Sixth Cavalry. The party paused a
moment on the hill and the President
looked out on the wide undulating
cape, water bounding each side and
whitened on the levels and hilltops by
the tents of 18,000 men, laid out in
geometric lines.
Mr. McKinley drove to General Shat
ter's tent in the detention camp. The
general, who was flushed and weak
from a mild case of malarial fever, was
in full uniform, sitting in a chair at the
door erf the tent. He tried to rise, but
Mr. McKinley said: "Stay where you
are, general. You are entitled to rest."
The President congratulated General
Shafter on the Santiago campaign, and
after a full minute's rest proceeded to
the general hospital.
The soldiers recently arrived on the
transports and detained in the deten
tion section of the camp lined up ir
regularly on each side. of the room and
cheered. Mr. McKinley took off his
straw hat then, and scarcely more than
put it on for more than a minute or
two at a time during the remainder of
his progress through the camp. Miss
Wheeler a daughter of the general,
happened to be in the first row of the
hospital tents, and she showed the
President through her division.
General Wheeler announced in each
ward- "Boys, the President has come
to see you," or "Soldiers, the President
of the United States."
Some of the soldiers slept uncon
scious some listlessly raised upon their
elbows, others feebly clapped their
hands.  . , . ,
Mr McKinley gently shook hands
with many and at every cot he paused
an instant, and if he saw the sick man
looking at Ulm he bowed in a direct and
personal way. »*»«.-. tJ
In the second ward the President en
tered Sergeant John A. Alexander,
Company D, First Illinois, who has a
fever was rather startled to hear Gen
eral Wheeler announce the President.
The sergeant half raised up on his cot.
Mr McKinley, attracted by the move
ment took Alexander's hands and said:
"I am sorry to sere you so sick. I hope
that you are getting better."
"Thank you, I think I shall get well."
"Do you wish for anything?" inquired
General Wheeler.
"No I have everything good for me,
I guess," Alexander replied wearily;
"but I wish I were home."
"I hope that we may soon get you
there," said Mr. McKinley. He had
many such bits of talk with the men,
and seemed to be in no hurry. He al
most outwore the patience of all his
party by his slow going through ward
after ward. When seemingly all the
wards of the general hospital bad been
gone through and the President was
about to get into his carriage, Attorney
General Griggs detained him.
"Miss Wheeler has told me," said he,
"of a Lieutenant Prado who is In a
tent back here by himself, and he is in
a dying condition. He has asked about
your coming, and Miss Wheeler has
promised that you shall see him."
"Certainly. Let us go to him," Mr.
McKinley said.
The others of the party discreetly re
mained outside the tent.
The President reappeared with the
nurse a minute or two later. His eyes
were moist and downcast.
As it was inconvenient to go back to
the doors of the long tents Mr. .McKin
ley would ko through the framework
at the ends of the tent and Jump down.
The general hospital Is on a slope, and
the height of the floor from the ground
is increased at each ward. At Ward F
the Jump was nearly six feet. Mr. Mc-
Kinley took it. Vice President Hobart,
who is a bulky man, hesitated. "I balk
here. Can't go over this hurdle," he
said. Neither would Secretary Alper,
who had taken all the jumps until then.
But General Wheeler sprang lightly
down.
The day was hot. Mr. McKinley wore
a black frock coat with a waistcoat.
The perspiration streamed from his
face. A glass of mineral water was of
fered to him, but he declined to drink,
saying that he was too warm. He pro
ceeded to the infantry plain as it is
called. The men of the Ninth Massa
chusetts, the First Illinois, the Eighth
Ohio, the Thirteenth, Twenty-first,
Twenty-eecond and Tenth Regular In
fantry were assembled without arms.
About 5000 men stood in close order.
General Wheeler said:
"The President of our great country
has come here to greet the soldiers that
marched so gallantly up San Juan hill
on July 1. He comes here to express
the nation's thanks to these brave men.
I wish to tell you that when the Presi
dent sent me here two weeks ago to
command this camp he enjoined me in
most emphatic language that I
should, without regard to expense, ex
ercise any and every authority neces
sary to make comfortable this body of
brave men, who, by their courage, have
raised this republic to the highest po
sition among the great nations of the
earth. I have the honor and pleasure
of introducing to you the President of
the United States."
President McKlnley said:
"General Wheeler, soldiers of Camp
Wikoff, soldiers of the Fifth Army
Corps: I trust that you will put your
hats on — I am glad to see you. I am
honored to stand before you to-day. I
bring the gratitude of the nation to
whose history you have added by your
valor a new and glorious page. You
have come home after two months of
severe campaigning which has em
braced assault, siege and battle, so
brilliant in achievement, so far reach-
Ing In results as to command the un
stinted praise of all your countrymen.
You had the brunt of the battle on
land. You bore yourselves with su
preme courage and your personal brav
ery, never before excelled anywhere,
has won the admiration of your fellow
citizens and the genuine respect of all
mankind, while your endurance under
peculiar trial and suffering has given
added meaning to your heroism. Your
exertions made easy the conquest of
Porto Rico, under the army command
ed by General Miles and behind you to
proceed at a moment's summons, were
more than 200.000, of their comrades,
ready to support you, disappointed that
the opportunity which you had did not
come to them yet filled with pride at
your well earned fame and rejoicing
upon your signal victory.
"You were on the line of battle — they
no less than you were on the line of
duty. All have served their country
in its need and will serve It as long as
they may be required, and all wifl for
ever have the thanks and regard of a
grateful people.
"We cannot bid you welcome here to
day without our hearts going out to the
heroes of Manila, on sea and land,
whose services and sacrifices, whose
courage and constancy in that far dis
tant field of operations have never been
surpassed by any soldiers or sailors the
world over. To the army and the navy,
to the marines, to the regulars, to the
volunteers and to the Providence which
has watched over them all, the nation
to-day ie full of thanksgiving and
praise. The brave officers and men wh
fell In battle and those who have die
from exposure and sickness will live i
immortal story, and their memoric
wlll be perpetuated In the hearts an>
history of a generous people and thosi
who are dependent on them will not bi
neglected by the Government for whicl
they so freely sacrificed their lives."
The soldiers cheered many times. Th
part of the field where the Eighth Ohh
stood, the regiment v.hich is some
times called "The President's Own,
was particularly noisy. The party the;
went to the detention hospital by c
road that passed in the rear of tht
general hospital. The graveyard, in
which sixty or seventy plain new wood
en crosses stood, was near the road
on the left. The President solemn! >
raised his hat.
Mr. McKinley went through all the
wards of the detention hospital in the
same careful way in which he had gom
through those of the general hospital
"When he came to the last ward Major
R. T. Ebert said: "This is a dangerout
ward," and turning to Mr. Alger, in
quired, "Do you think the President
had better go in here?"
Mr. McKinley without waiting to
hear what General Alger's reply would
be, started into the ward. General
Alger and the others of the party re
maining outside. The Presidential party
then drove through lines of cavalry
drawn up on either side of the road
Among them were the Rough Riders,
the Second, Sixth. Tenth and First
Regular Cavalry. The Third Regulars
were still acting as the President's es
cort. Mr. McKinley then drove to Gen
eral Wheeler's headquarters and sat
under the shade of a tent lly for awhile.
Secretary Alger and General Wheeler
were with him. The President saw
Colonel John Jacob Astor in a group
a few yards away and he beckoned to
the colonel, who went over, shook hands
with the President and remained a few
minutes in the party.
The President and those with him
took lunch with General Wheeler and
his staff. After lunch the President.
Mr. Alger, General Wheeler and Colonel
Hard of the Eighth Ohio were photo
graphed in a group.
The President then issued an order
directing that the regular troops at
Camp Wikoff whose posts are enst of
the Mississippi should return with the
least possible delay to their posts.
The Presidential party then went
down to the station and left on a special
train at 1:50. On the train Mr. McKin
ley made this statement: "I was very
much pleased to meet the heroes of
Santiago and to observe their splendid
spirit. What I saw of the care of tho
sick men In the hospitals by those in
charge and by the noble women en
gaged in that work was especially grat
ifying to me."
When the President arrived at Long
Island City he took the Government
ferry-boat General Meigs and was
taken around the lower end of Manhat
tan Island to the Jersey shore on his
way to the Vice-President's home in
Paterson, N. J., where he will spend
Sunday. ________^__
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal 3.V -nan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
EUREKA, Sept. 3.— The injuries re
coived by J. D. Guptil, an employe of the
Vance Lumber Company, who was crush
ed between two logs last Monday at Mad
River, resulted in his death last evening.
He leaves a widow and seven children at
Ferndale. He was a Knight of Pythias.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. J
i MACK AY'S
1 FURNITURE
JGOING
IOUTI
1 NOT OUT OF STYLE, BUT OUT
% OF THE STORE.
? : This department is being rapidly
33 closed out— an. opportunity for furnish- •
flj ing a home seldom offered. Take ad-
tt ■> vantage of it while assortment, is still
3 complete. "'.-': ,
3 Solid Oak Center Tables .....45c
§5 Solid. Oak Dining Chairs I><>e
it? Solid Oak-Cobbler Rockers.... .51. 75
Kg Soil* Oak Upholstered Arm Rockers
J Cedar Box Couch In Denim $7.35
M 3-plece Eastern Hardwood Chamber
H Sets .......... .....:.:; 'I 2.65
H Corduroy C6uche5........ ....8«.2«
H Bed Lounges • (patent) .." $5.25
W A LARGE NUMBER of fine odd Par-
Rs lor Pieces— China Closets. Sideboards.
'3 DINING TABLES and Chamber Suits
n at positively cost.
•<; THIS SALE Is genuine, and .we ln-
I . vlte your Inspection of the values. •
1 CARPETS!
H3 In This Department During
y J FURNITURE CLOSE OUT
& ~ LOW PRICES PREVAIL.
jJB We are now showing a most ■ beautl-
( I fur and complete line of Carpets, In all
is grades. .», • _- '
gj Something new— Rangpur Carpets... 45c
(a An Elegant Quality of Linoleum.'.. .4sc
a Special This Week— A Big Line— : ,
KJ LOWELL. Blgelow and Hartford
id Axminster, all the rich colorings..
...... ...••••••••••••••••••••• •yX«^*«7j .
f| " " ' SEWED, ' LAID AND LINED. -
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
1 715 Market St.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
'xg rjr Full Set of Teeth .
iSlr l I ' $&• extracting free $5 00 up
L^Tarr&GLTp^' Gold Crowus 22k $3 50 up
jy*~" ~Br J&l!Cr "^ Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
-r^-»*gE«r^>_ 5i Open Kvenings& Sunday*
e-^Klis^VS VANVROOM
>^*IWr«\ \\T Electro Dental Parlors
-^ **X IKS/ Sixth and Market
.' ■':' '•;-' '-.■^^-- .■:' . •'Or.Q W. Kleiser, Prop.
■-' . " "»
Use P^%. and
Facial Soap |T/ Facial Cream.
WOODBURT'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial • and ■ Tooth ' Powder make the ■ grandest
toilet combination known . for ; the ■ skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, "sufficient for three
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 W 42d
Bt., N.T., 163 State st., Chicago.
SALARY WARRANTS
' ■ ■ ■ ..... . .V. - , . . ■ ■
For August,'' payable ■in November, -■ bought at
2 ■ per ; cent , discount. AUGUST WEIHE. 402
Montgomery street, room 10. ■: "''-'' •■'"■■' ■
Radway's
S^^^s\ d B D
' Purely vegetable; -' mild and ': reliable. *'; Cause
perfect :- digestion, complete absorption . ■ and
healthful regularity.- ; : '. - : - : ■ ■■ ■.
■r For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, ■ ' Bowels, ■ Kidneys, - Bladder, ■, Female Ir-
regularities, ■ Sick ' Headache, Biliousness, . Con-
stipation, -Piles • and * all < derangements of the
Internal Viscera. ■■■'. 26 ot«. a box. At Druggists,
or tar mall. > RAD WAT & CO.. ; New York.
AD V £R riSEMENTSL _i
Great Blankets,
September o^'
Sa.e of P/lIOWSIIPS
And Sheets^
The market price of wool and cotton has advanced.
Look about at the other stores and you'll find ample proof . \
of it.
We were wise and bought long ago, when prices of
both wool and cotton were at their lowest, and here are the *. :
PRICES to prove them.
Ladies who are in need of these goods will do well by . - : :i
examining our stock before purchasing elsewhere.
| "BLANKET SALE," |
10-4 Eastern White Blankets, heavy and
fluffy, good value
At $1.65 Pair.
10-4 White Wool Blanket, partly mixed with
cotton, fine value
At $3.00 Pair.
10-4 White Wool Blankets, heavy and Ele-
gant value
At $3.75 Pair.
11-4 At $4.50 Pair.
California Wool Blankets,
Warranted to Be All Wool.
SIZE— 6B-80 $5.00
72-80 $6.00
74-84 $7.00
And Better Grades in Proportion.
| COMFORTER SAJF|
EXTRA HEAVY, full size Comforters filled
with pure white cotton
At $1.50.
Figured Sllkollne covered and pl»ln colored
lined Downellne Comforter, full large size,
fine value
At $2.00.
Better rrad»s In Sateen Comforters
At $3, $3.50 and $4.
{Market-street Store Only.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 Post Street. 1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i....— OF THE
GERMM-AMEBICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897 and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. , CAPITAL
Amount of capital stock, paid up In »
caa h $LOOO,OOO 00
ASSETS.
T( pal estate owned. by company 15,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.... 58,000 00
n «h market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 6,969.603 00
Cash in company's 0ffice....... 14.782 05
Cash In banks-.. ;; 271,35191
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans V\." 10,13*17
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 844 89
premiums in due course of collection 494,981 10
Total assets $7,834,689 12
. ■ LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid .......$ 70,450 72
Losses in process of adjustment or -
Losses res"sted""lnciuding.'expens'es'.' 341502 31
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 34,002 40
Oross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,165,119 68;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1.077,559 84
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,985,-
465 90; reinsurance pro rata........ 1,524,129 97
Due : and accrued for salaries, rent,
gtc 33i 044 21
All other demands against the com-
pany ......... ; 218.351 29
Total liabilities $3,155,699 74
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire _
premiums ............ $2, 720.9*9 24
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 278.838 41
Received for rents 330 19
' Total income ...... ....'...*.. ...... $3,000,137 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $221,937 34, losses of pre- „--_.„
vious years) $1,239,306 63
Dividends to stockholders ............ 250.000 00
Paid or allowed " for commission .
or brokerage ....:...-.................. 456.719 68
Faid for salaries, fees, and other ■
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 183,277 31
Fald for State, ; national and local
taxes ....".:....•• ••••••••••••■•"•••"• 83,730 68
All other payments and expendi- :
tures ...........;.....::..•••.•••.•••••• JG7.&61 28
Total expenditures $2,480,995 58
Losses Incurred during the year.... 51,263. 794 69
. Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.'
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year. . . $415,515,753 $3,927,062 25
Net amount of risks ex- .>
pired during the year.. -391.034,987 3,509,84S 91
Net amount In force De- '
cember 31, 1897...::.:... 561,153,913 5.140.555 58
ERNEST L. ALLEN, President.
j W. N. KREMER. Secretary. "
: Subscribed, and. sworn to : before me this 21st
day of January. 1898. : : •
.-.." -. , . CHARLES EDGAR MILLS,
Commissioner for California in ■ New York.
GEO, H. TYSON, General Agent,
435 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal.,
MERCHANTS' EJXCH ANGE BUILDING,
ff?J ChieliMter'i EnglUh DUmoad Broad.
PChleheeter's FnalUh DUmoad
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P _sHF?V' ' Original and Only Cleanlne. *.
A it TiA »»r«, »!"»»» ■ telltblo. ladies uk jff\ •
A,f 1 Waft Vrvif\t\ ft* O»ic*«ter« BitgHt\ Dla-J&l*.
Ml*\lgS*!4gllk\m<i,.d Brand In Ked and ok>! i mtMUI VUV
T^ —^?|M!lboaM, •-»:»» Titk bio« ribbon. Take VBr
' I*l •^ WjJnooUicr. R«i"»«t dongttw nthititu- ▼
«' I / : ~ . and imitation*. AtDri(gliU,*rMn<««. r
I *» ib itunjn for partlraUn, tMllmonlili aat
VV* B "Belief for Ladles," in («t<r, w rttin
-AJ^^Z'LMall. ■ looofti,,,! Dm ,,!,. JTasM K>«r.
_. >— -rOkl-keMer O&eaUaal C . M «dl m. I«im
M>ijaULoceloru«lits. PUVLAUa.. f*
Also Eiderdown Comforters in . a .
great variety of patterns, French. :
sateen covered and lined,
At $5.00.
SHEETS AND "^
PILLOWCASE SALE j
Hemstitched Pillowcases,- superior^- •
quality, size 45x36 inches, - ■ '■":■;,;;
At 12ic';;: :
Plain Hemmed Pillowcases, size; :
45x36^ inches, :. . . ' . •
AtfBc;;-i
Hemstitched Sheets, superior, qual- '
ity, size 81x90 inches, • ' .. "•.
At 55c.
. •■•■•:;:
Plain hemmed Sheets, superior/
quality, size 81x90 inches, ■ • :'
At 45cw
Full size, extra heavy, honeycomb
Spreads, Marseilles pattern, ■\. .':
At $1.00.
*
•80/ A Stores. . ' •y.
STATEMENT
OF THE . .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
HERMAN ALLIANCE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D. '
1597. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions-
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. . -
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $ 200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 391,100 00
Cash In banks 35,078 79'
Premiums in due course of collection 19,836 33-
Total assets $ 446,015 U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 1,454 00
Losses in process of adjustment or ■ .
tii suspense 6,32187
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $145,517 01; • '.
reinsurance 50 per cent 72,758 51
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year. $34,707 44;
reinsurance pro rata 29,285 67
AH other demands against the com-
pany 5,953 30
Total liabilities $ 115,733 34
INCOME. . /•
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $ 175,137 0»
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources . 8.43S 17 ■
Total income $ 183,576 31
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $ 23,668 fl
Paid or allowed for commission or •■•:-■
brokerage 45,296 97
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 89.5 SO
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 4,717 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures 800 41
Total expenditures $ 75,378 86
Losses incurred during the year $ 31,424 34.
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums..
Net amount of risks writ- • .
ten during the year. ..s 24,667,407$ 231,37143
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. C,467.025| 50,975 31 ■
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 15.069.402J 180.224 4B
• ERNEST L. ALLEN, President.
W. N. KREMER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d .
day of January, 1898.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California In New York.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslae and speclllo tonlo
for the nexual and urinary organs of both
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restcrativa,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimuntals necessary.
NABER. ALKS & BRUNE. Aicents.
WS Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.*
78
DUBLIN'S SECOND
WEEK OF GAYETY
Opening- of the Health
Congress.
GATHERING OF NOTED MEN
PUBLIC "IMPROVEMENTS THAT
MEAN MUCH.
Clancy Draws a Vivid Picture of the
Assembling of Members of
the Royal Health In
stitute.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Aug. 20. — Close on the heels,
80. to speak, of the celebration of the
M'olfe Tone anniversary has come the
meeting of the annual congress of the
Royal Institute of Public Health of the
United Kingdom, the other leading
event of the week in Dublin. It is five
years since the congress assembled in
this city before. On that occasion it
met in Trinity College, which has now
once more thrown its doors open to its
members. In the halls and squares and
park of the old Elizabethan foundation
a spacious and appropriate place is
found for the meeting of any body of a
■ literary or scientific character, and so
every visitor must have felt. The
w.eather was not the very best for the
opening ceremony. A heavy downpour
of rain was succeeded by a leaden sky;
but all the more striking on that ac
count, perhaps, was the spectacle of
unlimited color and animation which
was witnessed when the time for open-
Ing the proceedings arrived. Carriages'
came in rapid succession and deposited
within the front square all sorts of aca
demic and municipal dignitaries in their
• robes of scarlet and other colors. Most
. conspicuous among the throng:, of
. course, was the Lord Mayor of Dublin
'. and his entourage. The Lord Mayor
.rode with his secretary and chaplain
. in the state coach of the city, which is
brought out only on special occasions,
and was attended by the mace- bearer
and the sword-bearer, who respectively
■ carried their ancient emblems of au
thority, whose origin and use are now
lost In a rather remote antiquity, for
one has to go back to the twelfth cen
tury for their introduction on the scene
of human affairs. Besides the Lord
Mayor of Dublin there were several
other chiefs of municipalities in "Eng
land and Ireland — the Lord Mayors,
namely, of Belfast and Leeds, and the
Mayors of Cork, Derry and several
English and Scotch cities; but these
latter were, perforce, content to be dis
tinguished by their elaborate chains of
office. When the whole crowd assem
bled in the examination hall the scene
was a really brilliant one despite the
gloominess of the sky outside, and Dub
lin seemed once more the capital of a
nation.
The proceedings commenced with the
delivery of his address by the president
"of the congress for the year, Sir
Charles Cameron, a Scotchman, who
has occupied the important position of
Medical Officer of Health and Public
-Analyist to the city of Dublin. I have
no space here to refer in any detail to
this address, but I may mention that
. Sir Charles Cameron gave a very rose
ate but at the same time just account
of what its corporation had done for
Dublin to improve the sanitary con
ditions in which its people live. We
have here, thanks to that body, the
linest water supply in the world, it be
ing derived in superabundant quantity
from the heart of the Wlcklow Hills,
thirty miles away. The streets have
been paved in modern fashion through
out the whole extent of the city, and
are swept every night like clockwork,
the rubbish being immediately carted
away and eventually brought out to
sea and deposited there, while ashbins,
. which are emptied into the corporation
carts, have been substituted in every
■ house for the ancient ashpits. Many of
•' the areas in which the poor dwelt in
• rookeries have been cleared out and
comfortable workmen's dwellings erect
ed upon them. Several of the old
. bridges which spanned the Liffoy have
been removed and new structures
erected instead, one of which — O'Con
nell Bridge — is one of the finest of its
W. KAYE PARRY, M.A.,
HONORABLE SECRETARY EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
kind in the three kingdoms. Finally,
a main drainage scheme is now in
course of execution which will, among
other things, make the Liffey nearly as
pure in its course through the city as
in its upper reaches. And^ all this, it
may be added, has been done in face
of great odds. More than fifty years
ago, when the corporation was re
formed and taken out of the hands of
the Orange ministry, which has ruled
Jt for 200 years, the city was so loaded
with debt that the very furniture in the
Mansion House had to be redeemed out
of the Sheriff's hands by O'Connell and
other members of the reformed muni
cipal body; and in addition to its load
of debt the city has had to struggle
fiercely from time to time against the
obstruction both of the Government
and the minority. Much, however,
as has been done, a good deal still re
mains to be done, and it was to this
point that many of the addresses which
have been delivered during the last few
days at the meetings of the congress
have been directed.
Concurrently with the congress there
has been opened in the Royal University
buildings a public health exhibition,
the inaugural ceremony at which was
attended by the Lord Lieutenant. It
would be a gross exaggeration to say
that this exhibition is one that attracts
much public interest, for, after all, the
average man and woman sees but little
to look at or admire in sewer pipes and
disconnecting traps, baths and other
lavatory accessories, disinfectants,
drugs, cooking apparatus, and the
patent processes for producing acety
lene gas. The most interesting portion
of the exhibits, perhaps, was Profes
sor McWeeny's highly respectable and
genuinely representative collection of
bacteria. Professor McWeeny, who ;r>
the son of a well known Dublin Jour
nalist, has made a name for himself
throughout Europe as a bacteriologist,
and has crowded into this collection the
results of his searches and experi
ments during the last few year?. With
the aid of a magnifying glass one may
well feel terror-struck in look : ng" at hi.«
show, at the risks to which he is daily
subject, and but that a good many of
the minute animals which Mr. Mc-
Weeny has brought together and to
which, we are told, every human being
gives hospitality every day he breathes,
are harmless, the human race would
soon cease to exist. Another rather in
teresting set of exhibits Is that of a
peat manufacturing company, the arti
cles shown by which are made from
Irish bogs. It proves indisputably that
the Irish bogs might be made almost
as profitable as coal fields if the requi
site capital and scientific knowledge
and skill were available, and it conveys
in itself a downright reproach to the
Government, which has done nothing.
SIR CHARLES CAMERON,
PRESIDENT HEALTH CONGRESS.
either directly or indirectly, to educate
the Irish people to make use of the
natural resources of their country.
The social entertainments organized
for the reception of the visitors to the
congress have been on an exceptionally
hospitable scale. The High Sheriff (the
famous Alderman Pile) has given a
magnificent luncheon. The Lord Lieu
tenant and the Countess Cadogan have
given a garden party. The Lord Mayor
has given a ball in the great round
room of the Mansion House, and next
week we are to have a garden party
at Alderman Sir Henry Cochrane's seat
near Bray, in the County of Wieklow,
as well as excursions and picnics to
various places of Interest near Dublin.
Sir Henry Cochrano. I may mention
parenthetically, Is the head of the great
firm of Cantrell & Cocbrane, soda
water manufacturers, and has been
more than once a candidate, though an
! unsuccessful one, for the Parliamentary
| representation of Dublin. It is need
less to add that private dinner parties
> are the order of the day, or rather of
I the night, despite the fact that a good
many of the wealthier members of the
community have left their city homes
for seaside resorts. Even the church
| has resolved formally to recognize the
; presence of the congress. The Catholic
i pro-cathedral to-morrow Is to be the
! scene of a high mass, at which the
i Archbishop of Dublin Is to preßide and
i during • which a i rmon is to be
j preached by a distinguished Jesuit,
j Father Conmee. in connection with the
| meeting of the congress. The Lord
; Mayor, the Catholic members of the
corporation, and pome of the visitors
j will attend in state, and there will
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
afterward be a luncheon at the Mansion
House at which the Archbishop will be
the principal guest. Altogether, I think
the visitors to the congress have no
reason to complain of the hospitality
and courtesy of the citizens of Dublin,
while if they are in search of lighter
amusement they have only to go to
either of our two principal theaters or
any of our three or four excellent music
halls to be filled to satiety.
REPORT OF PENSION
COMMISSIONER EVANS
Tells of the Enormous Sums Paid Out
to Veterans of Past
Wars.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The annual
report of Hon. H. Clay Evans, Commis
sioner of Pensions, was made public to
night. The Commissioner says that the
roll la not increasing in number but in
value. It is believed that it will in
crease from the war of the rebellion,
as there are probably 200,000 ex-Union
soldiers living who have never had
pensions, and it will increase In amount
naturally by reason of increased dis
abilities, as provided by law. The
amounts paid out by the several
agencies for the year on account of
pensions under the general laws were
$75,275,386, and on account of pensions
under the act of June 27, 1890, $66,255,
670. The number of pensioners in for
eign countries at the close of the fiscal
year were 4371, having increased 309.
The total amount paid to pensioners
livinp abroad was $699,862.
There were 17 survivors and 211 wid
ows j)f the Indian wars, and 46 survi
vors and 502 widows of the Mexican
war pensioned during the year. There
are surviving five widows and seven
daughters of the American revolution.
One survivor (dead, payable to his wid-
; ow) and seven widows of the war of i
| 1812 were pensioned during the year |
i just closed.
Pension claim? pending June 30, 1898,
numbered 635,059. The Commissioner is
| confident that there are not 75,000 of '
] these (invalids and widows) that are
genuine. The others are cases in which
the claimants are already pensioned.
PESTERED HER
WITH HIS LOVE
HAMMERSMITH'S INFATUATION
FOR MRS. SEHL.
Since the Shooting Affray in Jun«
Last He Has Been Making Life
a Burden to Her.
Mrs. Lillian Sehl, 242 Post street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of Charles
Hammersmith on the charge of disturb
ing the peace.
It will be remembered that on June 6
last John J. Seh!. a furniture dealer in
Seattle and the husband of Mrs. Sehl,
came from Seattle owing to stories he had
heard about Hammersmith and his wife,
and on the afternoon of that day finding
Hammersmith in the house of his wife on
Post street he opened fire upon him.
Hammersmith returned the fire, but nei
ther was hurt. They were arrested for
assault with a deadly weapon, but as
neither would prosecute the other the
cases were dismissed by Judge Mogan on
June 13.
In making her complaint yesterday Mrs.
Sehl said that her husband had returned
to Seattle after the cases were dismissed
and since then Hammersmith had been
pestering her with his attentions. He has
been in the habit of sitting on a bench in
Union Square and watching her house,
and every time she came out he would
follow her and annoy her. If a gentleman
happened to be with her Hammersmith
would threaten to kill her.
Last Wednesday evening she and a lady
friend left the house to go to a drug store
on O'Farrell and Stockton streets. Ham
mersmith mot them and used the most
violent and abusive language toward her.
She asked the druggist to allow a clerk to
see her home as she was afraid of Ham
mersmith, and after the drug clerk had
left her he was accosted by Hammer
smith, who threatened to kill him if he
ever was again seen in Mrs. Selil's com
pany.
Hammersmith Is a married man and is
employed as a canvasser by a morning
gaper. He is a brother of the senior part
ner of T-lammersmlth & Field, the well
known Jewelers.
THK CRYSTAL fiWIMITTNG BATHS
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimmlnc baths, North Beach.
GRIDLEY WAS* NOT SENTENCED.
An Effort Will Be Made to Secure
the Old Man's Pardon.
William Gridley, the old man who suf
fered conviction in Judge Borden's court
on a charge of grand larceny, was not
sentenced yesterday. His case was put
over until September 17 for further pro
cedure. It is thought that Gridley was
hardly responsible for his crime. Troubles
el various kinds and particularly the
fact that his wife was adjudged insane
not long ago weighed on his mind to such
.in extent that he almost lost his reason
Without doubt the court will be obliged
to sentence him, and then an effort will
bo. made to secure his pardon.
The following convicts were sentenced
to various terms by Judge Rhodes Bor
den yesterday: John McDonald, convict
ed of burglary, five years in San Quentin-
George Gibbons, burglary, two years and"
six months in Folsom. Frank de Martini
was given a term of five years in Folsom
and Fred Steam was sentenced to one
year in San Quentin by Judge Cook.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wfth
or without removal. J; Noonan, 1017-1023 MUtlon.
TWIN SCHOONERS IN AN OCEAN RACE.
The captains of the Muriel and Honoipu are racing their vessels from San Francisco to Puget Sound
thence to Sydney, N. S. W., with a load of lumber, thence to Honolulu with a load of coal and then back to
San Francisco with a load of sugar. The race is for a champagne dinner on the return of the loser to San
Francisco.
SCHOONERS IN
A LONG RACE
The Muriel and Honoipu
Trying Their Speed.
IN COLLISION OFF THE HORN
SHIP GLENERICHT RUN DOWN
BY THE BALMORAL.
/
Soldier Boys on Angel Island Get a
Surfeit of Pies — Over 1600
Eaten Between Saturday
and Monday.
Two of the handsomest and fastest four
masted American schooners afloat are
now engaged in an interesting ocean race.
They left San Francisco within twenty
four hours of each other and are to load
lumber at Tacoma for Sydney, N. S. W.
From Australia they are to take coal to
Hawaii, and from Honolulu will bring
pugar to San Franrigpo. Both vessels are
owned by Hurd, Rolp^h & Co. of this city,
and the captain of the losing vessel is to
pay for a champagne dinner for the em
ployes of the firm on the return of his
vessel to San Francisco.
The schooners are the Muriel and Hon
olpu. They are as alike as two peas, their
measurement being 483.17 tons net burden,
162 feet lonjr, 36.8 feet broad and 11.85 feet
deep. The only difference Is that of age,
the Muriel having been launched In 1895
and the Honoipu being on her maiden
voyage. So far the Muriel has had the
best of the race, as she went to Puget
Sound In 12 days, wniie the Honoipu took
15 days. This result was not a fair test
and was expected, as the Muriel went up
tn ballast and the Honoipu was deeply
loaded. Captain Olson of the Honoipu has
yet to know what his vessel can do, while
Captain Oarlsen knows all the Rood and
baa points of the Muriel. Nevertheless
Captain Olson has every confidence in his
vessel and was willing to gamble that he
will be first back to San Francisco.
Judging from the reports, vessels on
their way to Pacific Coast ports must be
having hard times of It off the Horn. The
British ship Glenericht and the British
bark Bnlmoral were In collision and the
former was so badly damagod that she :
had to put back to Montevideo. The Brit
ish ship Routenburn also caught it and
had to put into Rio de Janeiro with her |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000000 00 00 000000 000000000060000000000000 ooo o
° ' . ' 2
o A o
2 * o
2 /#""& TBERE ARE THOUSANDS WBO SUFFER |
® /f^% THERE ARE THOUSANDS WHO SUFFER g
•■ ■ h//W^ii FROM BREAKING DOWN OF THE |
S\V\\\//^^^ J ' NERVOUS SYSTEM WHO CAN BE . •
o :^^raf^p^ J^^^M^ CURED BY DR.. SANDEN'S °
l^M^Wy X >^Kfe ELECTRIC BELT. o
° Miwi^^fS^te^TiE^^^ Tt has a record of 10 - 000 cures of men who were °
° : Otl^|oSl'^^fenQ^y«|tHi broken down, weak and low-spirited. it has O
° wp£ y^^S^^?^^ :^l^^ given aid to men who had spent all they had O
O Y^/^^^^L^J^^^^/'^^^ earned for years upon drugs without benefit o
O r/\ ■ '^^MvaNU'VO It has cured when all else failed. And why 0
O 1 ' /7fn\ x /^* '• \ should it : not? It fills the nerves with the sooth-
O / / i ■ Inpt uietm^ electric warmth while the patient
5 ELECTRICITY IS NERVE LIFE. \
% ' .■ . - ; v ■ - ' • : .:/ ' .■ ■ '' ■ ■"■■ ; ■• 0 °
q When '.; the nerves or the organs depending upon them are weak they . lack Electricity, which Dr. San- -®
A den's famous Belt restores. O
V? ' . .■.:.. ... --■ •;-••.■ '. , ",'■■''' "- ' ' ■ '-•- .... ■ ' Q
O "I suffered from Nervous Prostration and Weakness for a long time, doctoring, and taking medicine, but without -v
2l relief until I commenced the use of your Belt, which was recommended to me. I would feel so nervous and tired In the ©
O morning that I would not want to ret up. Now, since using your Belt- for three months, my nerves are strong as ever a
O again and my heart has quit troubling me," writes ZACK TAYLOR, Wi» Center street, Oakland, Cal. B s ever °
% DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. %
o ■ ' . ■ ■ * ■' ' ".-'v S :t^^. *>■:'■ ■.'-■,'■,.■ - ... /■ o
O Is not an experiment. Cures like the above have been repeated n daily for years. It is a positive cure for all a
_ nervous troubles, whatever the cause. Why do you not save the money you pay doctors for three months' treat-
0 men', and try something new? Drugs are old and proven useless for such troubles. ; . . O i
o 7 "THREE CLASSES OF MEN" %
o o
n Is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point out a means by which you can become O
n strong. It is sent, sealed, free to any address, or can be had on application at the office. . ' _
w : Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not only of yourself, - but of your
0 family and friends, of your 'future. You should not delay. Call or address, O
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, '.*•■ , . - -,» °
9 . 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. NOT, IN DRUB STORES. ' O
0 Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. Branches at Los Ange- ii I^v«'S 8 ia EE 0 i) O
les, Cal.. 232 West Second street; Portland.' Or., 253 Washlnjcton street; Den- ncr by traveling a*enu; only «
A ver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street: Butte, Mont., »t our office. . . :V
Jf 110 North Main street. •■ ■ ' . * - .-». "- — -i — * ©
O -.■-.-■ -■.-"-•■ ..■.■•■/= ■..:--■ •■.:■■. -. ■-. .■••. -■ ■:.; , ; - • ;■.■ -■; : ; # .-_ ■ :  ..:..: .;;•.... > ■- ,• .. ...-.- ©
0000 oo 0000 00000000 0000 ooe 000 000 oo 000000 000 00000 obo
cargo shifted. The Glenericht, Captain
Davies, left Newcastle-on-Tyne for Val
paraiso on Mary 20, while the Balmoral,
Captain Campbell, left Swansea for San
Francisco on June 11. They were In col
lision on August 20, and Captain Davies
*nust have cabled the news of the disaster
on his arrival at Montevideo. The Bal
moral was able to proceed on her way to
San Francisco. The Routenburn, Captain
Jensen, left Swansea for San Francisco
on July. 7. When the gale that shifted her
cargo occurred was not given In the tele
gram.
There are 400 soldier boys on Angel Isl
and and every one of them is a confirmed
pie eater. Yesterday about one hundred
women visitors went over to the island
on the steamer Genral McDowell, and
each one of them carried either a basket
or bundle of pies. The soldiers have just
recovered from their last feast, and the
chances are that none of the supplies
taken over yesterday will be wasted.
As before stated there are 40u volunteers
on Angel Island, and a week ago last
Saturday their longing for pie burst all
bounds. They besieged Mrs. Tallman,
keeper of the temperance canteen, for pie,
pie, pie, and that good soul sent to the
city for a supply that she thought would
glut the market. Sixteen hundred pies
apricot pies, peach pies, pear pies, apple
pies, cherry pies, min^e pies, quince pies
—any old kind of pies— were carted down
to Clay street wharf, and when the crew
of the McDowell saw the load they near
ly fainted. Captain Stofen surveyed the
sixteen hundred consignment and re
marked: "That means four pies to each
man. and as there will probably be one
hundred men out of the four hundred
whose stomachs don't delight In pie that
will leave 500 pies to be raffled for by the
other 300. Now I'll bet a new hat that
there will be a couple of hundred men on
the sick list next week."
Well, the pies reached Angel Island last
Saturday night a week, and last Monday
morning there was not one to be got for
love or money, and Tuesday morning
there was a string of volunteers half a
mile long waiting for the doctor. They
all scoured tho same prescription— a black
draught and a blue pill. And yet in spite
of that experierfee there was not a single
pie brought back on the McDowell last
night.
There was a very lively row on Folsom
street wharf yesterday morning just
prior to the sailing of the ship Santa
Clara. As a result Mate Johnson went
to sea with a pair of black eyes and Boss
Stevedore Olsen was assisted to his home
by sympathizing friends. The trouble was
over the stowing of the Santa Clara's
cargo. When the captain went up town
he instructed the mate to see to it that
the phip was properly trimmed. Accord
ing to Johnson, when the stevedores had
finished their job the vessel had a list to
starboard. He pointed this out to Olsen
and told him to straighten the ship up.
Olsen told him it was none of his busi
ness, and Johnson invited the boss steve
dore to the wharf to prove to him that
it was. Just as the mate was proving
conclusively, to his own pntisfnetion at
least, that it was his business, the long
shoremen saw that Olsen was getting the
worst of it and they rushed in. separated
the combatants nnd gave Johnson hi? pnir
of black eyes. The latter is now cursing
himself for having left the deck of his
own ship to flerht on the whnrf. Johnson
and Olsen welch about 230 pounds each,
so the fight was truly a brittle of giants.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Bel
glc palled for Japan and China yesterday
via Honolulu. She took away an un
usually large and valuable cargo, but not
many passengers. She went out with the
stars and stripes at her fore, showing
that her first port of call was American
territory.
OLD GLORY TO THE BREEZE.
German Methodists Express Their
Love for the American Flag.
The German Methodist Conference of
Califfrnia closed yesterday after a three
days' session, and before winding up all
the business for the day the following
resolution was unanimously adopted as
presented by Revs. Boun, Baab and Schu
mutzler:
"Whereas, By the favor of Divine Prov
idence our war with Spain has been suc
cessfully terminated and peace seems now
to be assured;
"Resolved, That we highly appreciate
the Christian moderation and wise lea
dership of our honored President McKin
ley, the loyal support of his able coun
selors and the bravery, fortitude and
skill of our army and navy.
"Resolved, That we. as the German Cal
ifornia Conference, rejoice over the ad
vanced steps in our country's evident des
tiny, as indicated in the terms of peace,
and we hope and pray that not only shall
Cuba be free, but for the sake of human
ity and the cause of Christ our flag shall
continue to float wherever American
valor has planted it."
In Memory of Dr. Morse.
John H. Grady, James J. Jamison and
Charles A. Boldemann, a committee ap
pointed for the purpose, have presented
to California Parlor No. 1. Native Sons of
the Golden West, a series of resolutions
to the memory of the late Dr. John P.
i Morse, who was a member of that parlor.
| There is incorporated in the resolution the
I following:
"That the order of the Native Sons of
the Golden West mourns the loss of a
i valuable and beloved member, who with
i a warm-hearted generosity was always
! ready to aid in the advancement of the
I great principles of our fraternity and
: whose talent and genius were ever at the
'• service of the poor and distressed, even
to the giviner or his life, that his fellow
man might live."
Asthma. Bronchitis, Catarrh cure puarant'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Keamy.S. F.Cal.
Francis-Valentine Company Sued.
The Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company
filed suit yesterday against Francis-Val
entine Company to recover $7459 78. alleged
to have been loaned by the plaintiff to the
defendant. The payment of the loans is
secured by a deposit of $10,516 98 of the
funds of the estate of Thomas B. Valen
tine.
Ladles' tailor-r .1» suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
Are Unhappily Married.
Rebecca Abraham has applied for a di
vorce from Louis Abraham, alleging de
sertion as a •ftuso of action. Mary A.
Becker has sued Charles VT. Becker for a
divorce. The plaintiff alleges infidelity
and cruelty as causes of action.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • J
} Write for Proof, . \
\ — .. .. ■%-
\ ■•...•"■■
► r-^r<r -^r< :■', ■': 'm.
■ ter^^ i». ■'■ V■ ■'
I You might just as well talk j
i about reforming inflammatory , ;..
! rheumatism as to ask a man 2 ••':■;
who has suffered from alco- m
holism for years to take the a
; pledge. It's a Cure he wants, 5.
not a reform. The Keeley «
Treatment cures by remov- % .
ing the cause. $
THE KEELET INSTITUTES, . X
1170 Market Street San Francisco/ 9 ■
Dcnohoe Bulletin*. « '•■
285! North Main Street, Los Angeles.- SJ. '
Fred A. Pollock. Manager. |H"
-U'ILIL-UU
1/ r^^^jy T U IVI 6 R
3J /S^^^^&i N0 KN 'FE or PAIN
r ffi^^yi No Pay Until Cufed
Any 1 ii n; ji i n & wom bd'j
bre«Bti(» cancer. ThepoV-
t^i^i^^Siife'^fii B " q'iicklj goes to arm- :
ife-.'^X^vyiiiiSg*,^^ pit. in»rgBHlBtoolare. • .
- >*55.l^ l '%?V«*^''^^ Men's face and llp'a com-; . '
&7£?*!±~^&i&r^ lf B I (Ol>icle Book sent .■- '■. '
frjP\'*-9mqm^ M I I H-Figi Book sent fre*
H jLM # \w!thhundredsof»ddresBe»
"fejaLj^r y&f&r^ of honest No Fraud.
S.R.UKAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & 1 7 Third St., ith Market St. "
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER :
Ely's Cream Balmiipsl^
Cleanses the Nasal H^^o^SfS CC^'l '
Passages. (Allays Pain Sr s **- C *fl%.»"&lt)J '■'
arja Inflammatloo. tj iw* tf jm'" '
Restores the Senses of flu <£r&.&^&'
Taste aod Smell. $5 > "^^/H I •'
HEf^LS THE SORES. kkfrT^ ' \d&M-
Apply Balm into each noes- «?3m ■""•'
trll. ELY BROS., M Warren ra^pT\§3Swr^S • !
trim DR. JORDAN'S <*.**
seism of Anatomy
IC6I IUSm ST. let. eth * 7tt,' 8. 1". Cat : '. .
The LargwtofltskindintheWorl*. ■:■_.'• -.
DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Conanllatlon free. Tl'rita for a««it * '• '
Philosophy of Marriage.
O . hailed FRIC. • _ . :;.
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads where there are no ■
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to The Call Subscription
Department.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West. .
New and Commodious Hotel,
, Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity. .
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE OOtJNTT. . "
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Water* its In--
vigorating Plunge. Hot or Cold Mineral Baths, ■
Climate or Scenery.
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small ' '
Game plentiful. • ." •
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
_ Reached by the Shortest ' Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran- •
Cisco, via Hopland, *8; via Calistoßa, $9. Fall
season hotel rates, $10 and $12 per week. •.-.-.
For further information address ■ ' ' • • : '•
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Lake Co.. CaL
Or see. in San Francisco, • •
L. D. CRAIG. 310 Montgomery Si...
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
' ■ '•■ '.■ .-: •
Santa Clara County. ■:'.-■ "■ •.
• .■• • "~ '-. ' ■
; Three hours from San Francisco, via -iLqs'''--"
Gatos: 6 months roundtrip ticket. ' $4. or "via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank,. ISOiTa "' -
feet, and other improvements. • ' ;•■'•:•'!' '
Hot and cold. mineral baths. ' • •'.• .- ■ "'.. .
Climate. 6cenery . and location nneerualed; ••".■-;..-.
• JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager. ) •'
EK%Jn jt^ kb\ contra ,~ :
a X Sc.O^ costa co.;
* CAL. \ . ;'-"';- :
J* Hotel new throughout; lighted •'•Witi, -■ :
fx\ acetyllne eas; hot CONTRA 'enr'a .':.'•
likO/^ costa co.,
f CAL. .
Hotel new throughout; lighted -wttlt
» acetyline gas; hot salt baths. cur»
a rheumatism; new and commodious. - '.-.
■ swimming tank; . scientific sanitary '.
■ methods; rates low. Addres* ; '•' ■■" •;
X&-- A. BETTENB,
tjtyrgPßlNCg Manater;;"'.,
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Franchoo.- ■ '
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. ; " "'. •/
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting' •?:
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant =
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. .■'*■■ ■ •' - :
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
'■■■ Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-• •'.
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.'-
Terms, $10 and $16 per week: $2 and W 5O per ■'•■
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor. . '
* p V REST and HEALTH v
ORGHARDSPRINOS
fottaerootbllls of the Sierra «n€ t % «,""••'
Plain, quiet retrwt. fin«t WNn watfr. monntala air, --
_ fruit, and all the mr around f!i ma in I'iilifornia ■•' ■
W«l ground, and iniToandtaßt. On R. R., I-., mil« ffojnSh'iyett, '' '.-
$8 a week. Open all year. Scad Torßooilsi' v;
Address: oivlisr4 S»>r'r<r». rh>ritr'< P'nrV £»}■■'■■"■■'.
M^WEST^PBIIS
The best j- pleasure and , health resort' - and : • '
LOS GUILICOS ^:lSfc;
On th? bank of Sonoma Creek. An: unrivaled : S
£ a n M « f . or lUlet1 Ulet ' rest. Warm sulphur *tf5%*KZ.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaka:and: ■ other- '---
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Lfberal tablav -v.
lerms, $1 per day. School vacation .belhgrbver,.:'. ;:••
can accommoc'ate a few select people In' tent of -
cottaKe.^ For r Particulars address MRS:' ; P ; r Ti-- '::
M. W ATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATR in- r : -
ternal Revenue Of.'.cc, city." . . -..:••> L. •'.;. ;
SUMMIT SODA ~ t 4
~ , SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. : R. . Elevation, : 6C09 . feet; <'■'"
Uaily mall. ■ Telephone connections. New ; • '••
commodations. : Open June I. . Address .GOU-L-' '= :
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Placer Co., Cal. •-•-.; ■-'■■
M A HWrfcNF BuaisßAiY spm>Gs; ' ;
iTI/\MKliill-l Santa • Clara County. "A. -•
first-class mountain ' health resort. • Elevation;, ■•• ■•"
2200 , feet. ■ • Cures • asthma, Indigestion and kid- - •
ney -troubles. ; Terms. $9 and ' $10 per ■ week. ■• "
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrono". .
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. ■ A . • '."•'• ■
JAMES CARTER, Manager. - .FOND MOTHERS
PRESENT THEIR
PRETTY BABIES
Erin's Sons Look Upon
All Kinds of Tots.
"EATS PRINCIPALLY MUSH"
ONE DISSATISFIED MOTHER
FINDS FAULT.
He Was Born on Washington's
Birthday and That Is Why He
Was Named After the
Father of the Country.
rup babies and little babies, fat babies
and puny babies, red haired bnbies,
black haired babies, golden haired babies,
babies with blue eyes, babies with brown
eyes, babies with gray eyes, pink cheek
ed babies and pale faced babies— in short.
MIDGET MARVELS OF THE IRISH FAIR.
all sorts and conditions of babies — ex- \
cept, of course, ugly babies, cair.e. to the j
Irish fnir yesterday afternoon and made
baby clay a howling success.
.'Although the regulations of the fair 1
committee that governed the arrange }
ments of the day made no mention of '
chnperones,- no baby came alone. They |
came with their mothers*, their grand- j
mothers, their cousins, their sisters, their !
aunts, and that baby was poor— in \
friend — indeed, that did not have at I
least a half dozen admirers in its train.
' • Never was the preeoeiousness of the I
American youngster seen to better ad
vantage. Timid looking little tots with
fairy forms and angelic facts deliber
ately cooed and grinned up into the
.Judges' eyes, socking in the very pres
ence of the multitude to gain the favor
•: of the prize distributors. Others again
in direct defiance of all diplomatic rules
'■"turned a cold shoulder, openly glared
' coqtempi and breathed defiance at the
baby experts. Only the mothers were
:■ anxious. If baby did not care, mamma
did. ar.d as she shifted from one arm
to the other her precious load, her anx
ious eye and drawn face expressed her
fears that an incompetent judge might
overlook the many line points only her
baby possess* d.
It .seemed as if all the glory of the rain-
Irow contributed to the ra.iment of the
j.rize: babies. There were babies in even
ting dress, and radiant in a wealth of
cambric and silk and laces, ribbons and
furbelows. Others challenged ..competl
.t4-.ii- in regulation swaddling clothes, 1 1 L—
.. the bald pate concealed with lacey cap,
GRAPE-NUTS.
WHAT THEY ARE.
Composition of the Famous New
. : ' Food.
.. A widespread interest has been cre-
ated among good livers as to the com-
position of Grape-Nuts, the new food
that "has come into popular use of late, j
. It has long been known to physicians, }
■ chemists and food experts that the
starchy portion of entire wheat flour
and barley is transformed into a true
/and very choice sugar b^ the act of
intestinal digestion in the human body.
This sugar is identical with, and is
..kßo\Vn as tjrape-augar, and it is in con-
.dition for immediate transformation
:! into blood and the necessary structure
from which the delicate nerve centers
. are built up.
...'.-. -A-' 'food expert of the Postum Cereal
Co-.,.Lim., Battle Creek, Mich., followed
a' litre of experiments until he produced
the food called Grape-Nuts, of which
grape-sugar forms the principal part.
and it is produced by following out na-
/.ture's" processes in a mechanical way.
.That is, heat, moisture and time are
. the methods employed and directed by
scientific facts Rained in research.
; Grape-Nuts are probably entitled to
the claim to be the most perfectly
.adapted food for human needs now ex-
tant. Certain it is that the user's de-
• light in the flavor and the perfect ac-
tion .of intestinal digestion during the
use of Grape-Nuts is satisfying and
the added strength of body confirms I
the fact I
•while again sturdy little chaps braved
the attention of the judges In duck
knickerbockers and sailor blouses.
Myers Allman, aged 2 years and weigh-
Ing^S pounds 1 ounce, was the most popu
lar little man present. Myers' mamma
modestly followed her youngster, oblig
ingly explaining his many qualities, dilat
ing upon the number of his teeth and the
dexterity with which he split wood.
"What do you feed him on?" meekly
asked an admirer of red hair and milky
skin when combined with mugcle.
•'Principally mush," said Myers* mam
ma, with a fine show of superiority.
Grandma carried little George Washing
ton and handed him around promiscuous
ly so his twenty-eight pounds might be
tested.
"Ah, he Is a great boy. said grandma,
"and we called him George Washington
because he was born on Washington's
birthday."
Only one man braved the dangers of the
BhOW. C. T. Burns brought his little
daughter, and in spite of the bravery of
her papa little Miss Burns did not capture
a prize. "I shall have to buy a spoon,"
said papa, "else I would not dare go
'Boys and girls were judged separately.
! Miss Annie Donahue. Miss Nellie F. Sul
livan and Miss Lou Doolan passed on the
1 good points of the boys, and Mrs C. B.
Flanagan. Mrs. R. F. Deagan and Miss
Tosle Molloy performed similar service
for the girls. Although the side door was
left conveniently open the ladles found no
need for its use and perfect satisfaction
was expressed with their unusual good
i taste and perfect judgment.
Mrs Murphy was tne only dissatisfied
mother present. The scales registered the
offspring of the Murphy family at 32
! pounds 8 ounces, but Mrs. Murphy was
not satisfied. "My baby," said the doting
mother, "is the heaviest baby for his age
In town. Why, he nearly broke their old
scales down! Call this a fair baby show?
And as the prize distributors got out of
! her way Mrs Murphy had her baby s
weight tested from hand to hand, and af
ter each test the youngster had another
I imaginary pound added to his weight by
his nappy, proud mother.
The following babies were declared the
Pr p Z abies nn urfder one year— Handsomest
girl, Loraine Williams; handsomest boy,
Grattan Murphy; heaviest girl. Mellvay
Korllnck, 31 pounds; heaviest boy, Joseph
*B&bies between one and two yearß—
Handsomest girl, Claire O'Day: handsom-
MtboyTLlSya Wilson; heaviest girl.
Oenevieve Mitchell; heaviest boy, John
Babies 'between two and three years-
Handsomest (firl. Aileen Pidges; hand
somest boy, Eddie Condon; heaviest girl,
Mary T>gg<»t, 39 pounds; heaviest boy,
Myers Aliman.
John Joseph Doherty, born in Ireland
on Christmas eve, 1897, got the Irish baby
prize.
Anita and Isabfll Carroll. Rose and Nlta
Carroll carried oft the prizes for twins.
Trances Hunter was rewarded for being
the youngest baby in the show— just six
weeka old.
The dramatic performance and statue
plvnn on Friday and last evenings
nt the Irish Fair theater and art gallery
under th<; direction of Mrs. Alice P. Lud
lam were entirely out of the ordinary run
of amateur theatricals. While it would
seem hardly fair to criticize an amateur
performance from a professional stand
point, still the smoothness of the stage
'"business." the even and polished por
trayal of the various characters in the
farce, and the grace of the posing in the
"living pictures 1 ' lifted It to professional
excellence. Mrs. Ludlam is an actresa
nnd teacher of long experience, and com
blnes with these advantages ability as a
manager, and the knack of "holding her
pupils together." thus presenting a
smooth performance. Perfect ease and
naturalness is the point aimed at and at
tained in a martced degree. Statue poses
of Ophelia, Medea, Judith, etc., preceded
the one-act farce "Tel on Parle. Fran
caipe." Mrs. Ludlam will have charge of
the theater on Friday and Saturday of
next week.
GOVERNOR AT THE FAIR.
Divides Attention "With the
Scotchmen at the Great
Irish Exposition.
The shrill notes of the Scotch pipes
awoke the echors in Mechanics' Pavilion
last night, while Highland lads and lassies
mingled with the throng of people, adding
plcturcsqueness to the scene and later en
livening the proceedings with their na
tional dances. It was Scotch night at the
groat Irish exposition and it was, in ad
dition. Governor's night.
Governor Budd. in severe evening attire,
was attended by his entire staff in full
uniform. The party included: Adjutant
General Barrett, Colonel Fred I. Burgin,
Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Howell, IJeu
tenant Colonel A. Andrews. Lieutenant
Colonel George H. Pippy, Lieutenant Col
onel Beck. Lieutenant Colonel Young,
and Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Kirkpatriek.
They were escorted upon their arrival to
the directors" room. Here they were pre
mnt.d to a bevy of the prettiest girls in
the fair, and the task of visiting the vari
ous booths was commenced. Each of the
gallant Guardsmen did escort duty for
one or more of the ladles..
The Governor, with Miss Clara Gloason
on his arm. led the way. Under escort of
R P Doolan and Joseph M. Cufcmlnff
they made a complete circuit of the Pa
vilion. The Governor partook of sweet
meats, drank tea in the Japanese booth,
(sampled coffee and had his fortune told.
He was in the best of spirits, although his
right "mitt" was encased in a heavy
glove, owing to an attack of rheumatism.
Willie in the booth, where the Irish soil is
on exhibition he asked to be nhown that
from the County Galway. Later he stood
on that fror-i County Antrim, whence the
fnmliy of William McKinley came.
The various Scotch societies were
strongly represented. Members were
present from the Thistle Club, Caledo
nian Club, St. Andrews' Society, Clan
Fraser, Clan McDonald and St. Andrews'
Society of Oakland. The committee rep
resenting: them was composed of Hugh
FraseT, W. R. King, J. C. Moffatt, T. T.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898*
Finlay, William Nlcol, Andrew McNalr,
George W. Patterson, W. A. Dawson and
Robert Howden.
The dancing showed the most Interest-
Ing of the dances peculiar to the land
o' cakes. Pipers I. S. R. Tevendale and
William McDonald supplied the music
to which Miss Sibyl Campbell performed
the Bword dance; Miss Maggie Boyd the
Chean Trues; James Baxter the Sailor's
Hornpipe, and Duncan Mclntosh McKen
zio the Highland Fling. This quartet
then danced the Scotch reel.
The most Interesting number on the
programme was the dancing of Miss
Claire I. White, aged 6, and Miss Blanche
Trelease. Little Miss White, who is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. J. White,
is pronounced the best Irish step dancer
in all the West, notwithstanding her few
years. Both she and her companion
were loudly applauded for their graceful
work.
The Exposition Band, under the direc
tion of Leader George Bennett, did yeo
man duty during the evening. In addi
tion to the concert programme, they
played marches for the Governor's party
and for the Scots. In addition to dance
music for the children.
TRIED TO BUY
UP THE SHARES
Valley Road Stock
Wanted by Insiders.
LINE OVER THE MOUNTAINS
SMALL HOLDERS ADVISED NOT
TO SELL.
Some Who Were on the Inside
Commissioned Brokers to
Suy Shares for
Them.
The Valley Road will connect with a
line over the mountains into the south
ernmost part of the State in the near
future. The present terminus is at
Tiakersfield. Before the expiration of
many months a corporation will be
formed to build a line connecting with
the Valley Road terminal and extend
ing to a point where Eastern connec
tions may be had.
When the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway was formed
the stock subscribed was placed In
escrow In the hands of trustees, who
are as follows: A. B. Spreckels, O. D.
Baldwin, C. de Guigne, F. W. Van
Bioklen, Daniel Meyer, James Cross
and Thomas Brown. The stock could
not be disposed «f for seven years,
which was to insur* for the subscriber
the integrity of the corporation and
prevent any disposition of the road. The
major part of those seven years is still
unrun and nothing can be done until
the full expiration of that time if the
officials even wished to allow an ab
sorption into another and bigger rail
way system.
At a recent meeting of the officials of
the Valley Railway it was definitely de
cided that a company should be or
ganized for the building of a road
southward over the mountains. Some
of those on the inside then saw the ad
vantages to be derived from a pur
chase of the small blocks of outlying
Btock, as the extension of the line
would send the shares upward at once.
They displayed an inclination to gather
in these shares, and the brokers were
set to work. From a low figure the
stock rose rapidly to 60, and even went
as high as 65. It was then that the di
rectors of the road took a hand in or
der to protect the small holderß who
from embarrassment or impatience had
determined to sell. They were coun
seled not to dispose of thefr stock.
An arrangement was made by which
the stock might be deposited with the
TJnlon Trust Company who would give
the small holders an option of selling
their stock at the first of the year for
par value or of continuing to hold it
as they saw fit.
Not many shares were transferred,
but the brokers were hard at work, be
ing commissioned by those who knew
of the intention of the Valley Road offi
cers to reach outward for other con
nections. The number of shares act
ually transferred according to good au
thority does not exceed 150.
Reappointment of Dr. Stephens.
Rev. John Stephens, who has boon the
pastor of Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church of thiß city for the past
three years, has boon unanimously invited
to return for another year. At a meeting
of the fourth quarterly conference held
on Friday evening a resolution was unani
mously adopted reciting; the faithful la
bors of Dr. Stephens and asking Bishop
Hurst to reappoint him for another year
The California Conference will meet at
Pacific Grove on the 14th inst., when the
work of all the Methodist Episcopal cler
gymen will pass In review, and while some
changes will be made, a large number will
be returned to their former fields of labor.
The laws of the church have been so
modified that a pastor can now serve a
church for five years If the people desire
his reappolntment. Dr. Stephens Is a
young man, a preacher of marked ability
and a general favorite with his people
Simpson Memorial is one of the leading
churches of the Methodist denomination,
and its pastors have all been men In the
front ranks of the ministry.
Mrs. M. J. Turner, 209 Butter street,
wishes to announce to her friends and
patrons that on Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday she will display an elegant line
of French pattern hats and bonnets. •
ALHAMBRA OPENS
WITH A BIG HOUSE
Begins Its Career Under
Splendid Conditions.
MANY WERE TURNED AWAY
A GOOD AND VARIED BILL
PBESENTED.
Del Puente, Corinne, Edith Hall, Sid
ney and Mrs. Drew, the
Rossis and Others as
Entertainers.
The opening performance of the Al
harhbra Theater was given last' night
under very auspicious circumstances.
The bright, beautiful playhouse not-
withstanding its seating capacity of
2300 was packed to the doors with an
audience representative of the best ele
ments of the city and was a striking
proof of the fact that vaudeville has
grained a great following in this city.
The crush to obtain admittance was
something unequaled here for several
years and hundreds who went expect
ing to procure tickets found to their
chagrin that none were to be had. Ow
ing to the size of the crowd and the
fact that every one wanted to get in
at the same time there was considerable
confusion and d,elay in properly seating
ticket holders.
However, there were no complaints,
and the occasion passed pleasantly. Af
ter a short speech' of explanation and
thanks from Director DeKennett, the
programme began with the Toreador
song from "Carmen" by Slgnor defl
I Puente, which won an emphatic encore.
! He has a deep, rich voice under perfect
I control, and did better than could have
been expected under the circumstances.
The illusionist, Mons. de Villiers, is
very clever at legerdemain, but could
S greatly improve his act by curtailing
his discourse and putting more snap
j Into his turn. This he will doubtless do
during the remainder of his engage
ment.
Corinne was given a cordial recep
tion. It is evident that the young lady
has fared well in her absence, for she
has added perceptibly to her physical
charms. She sang in her old, pleasing
manner, first in conventional costume,
and on a recall appeared without the
skirts, displaying a figure calculated
for the first row in the grand ballet.
Her performance on the mandolin was
highly appreciated, her reward being a
wealth of flowers.
Powers and Hyde, song and dance and
cake-walk artists, gave a very clever
act and were recalled several times.
Dainty little Edith Hall was given a
good old-fashioned, rousing reception,
and charmingly entertained her au
j ditors with singing and dancing. On
her account, also, the florists are pos
sessed of much more wealth.
The Rossi brothers are expert con-
I tortionists and very amusing.
The gem of the evening was a real
screaming farce played by Sidney and
Mrs. Drew, entitled "When Two Hearts
j Are Won." It is sharp and effervescent
as ginger pop and was pi^yed to per
fection. It kept the house in a roar
i from start to finish, and is alone worth
I the price of admission.
John Byrne, the monologue man, is
an odd feature and had a deal of fun
with the audience before making his
retiring bow. The Harpers, colored
comedy artists, did an gntertaining
turn, and the bill wasjboncluded by the
einging of "The Star-Spangled Banner"
by Del Puente in magnificent style, the
audience Joining In the chorus.
The Alhambra management are de
serving of great credit for the manner
In which their initial presentation was
made, and the new home of vaudeville
begins its career under most encourag
ing conditions.
POLICE CAPTURE
DESPERATE CRIMINALS
A BLOOD-STAINED BLACK-JACK
MAY CONVICT THEM .
Caught With Plunder in Their Pos
session — Believed to Be Old
Offenders.
The police believe that In Frank Har
rison, alias Oscar Peterson, and John
Meehan they have the two footpads
who have committed many midnight
hold-ups during the past month.
They base their belief on the fact that
a murderous black-jack Btained with
blood and covered with the hair of
some victim was found in their posses
sion. The men also fit the. description
given by Lewis Mattsl of 131 Third
street, who was held up by a tall and
a short man on the evening of August
30 and robbed of a small sum. Mattsi
is now in bed suffering from the effects
of the blow received on the head from
an instrument in the hands of one of
his assailants.
Peterson and Meehan were captured
on Thursday last by Officers Lynch
and Conlln. The night before a shoe
etore at 959 Howard street was broken
into and robbed of eight or nine pairs
of shoes. The prisoners were seen
coming from the store, and when they
spied the policemen they dropped their
plunder and ran.
Tho next day the men were seen on
the street wearing some of their ill
gotten plunder. They were removed to
the tanks and an examination of their
room at 1046 Folsom street disclosed the
hair-covered black-jack and a lot of
saws and carpenter tools, the property
of W. H. Richardson, 4227 Twenty
fourth street. A skeleton key was also
found by Detectives Ryan and ODea,
who were detailed on the case. Both
men were identified by Mrs. Suits, who
rented them the room on Monday last.
The men are well-known offenders.
Peterson was arrested by Detective
Ryan on December 8. 1897, for tlll-tap
ping. He and a "pal" a few days prior
to that time entered a bakery at 1120
Folsom street, and after knocking the
women in charge down, took $5 out of
the till and escaped.
Meohan was twice convicted on simi
lar charges and has been imprisoned in
San Quentln.
Both men were booked for burglary.
Catholic Ladies to Hold Council.
The annual Grand. Council of the Cath
olic Ladies" Aid Society will convene on
Monday. September 12, at Del Mar, Santa
Cruz. The proceedings will open with a
solemn high mass. Rev. Father McNamee
celebrant. Commutation tickets for those
wishing to visit the Grand Council can be
had at the headquarters of the Catholic
Ladles 1 Aid Society, room 75, Donohoe
building, corner Market and Taylo*
streets.
Want to Be Lawyers.
The examination of applicants for li
censes to practice as attorneys at law
will take place on Tuesday, and when the
office of the Supreme Court eloped last
evening there were 79 young gentlemen
and a few old ones who had expressed
the desire to become lawyers and stand
the examination, which will be conducted
t>y Commissioners Searls, Belcher and
Chipmun.
"COLD FEET"
WITTMAN IS
VERY ANGRY
Charges a Policeman
With Being a Traitor.
THREATENS TO BREAK HIM
ACCUSED OF GIVING INFORMA
TION TO THE CALL.
The Astute Captain of the Central
Station Shows His Temper
in a Decided
Manner.
"Cold-Feet" Wittman Imagines he has
a clew.
Anxious to pose as a clever sleuth he
started out with the fixed determination
of finding the man who so basely be
trayed the department as to tell the
story of how he had arbitrarily assessed
his subordinates to buy swords for him
self and sergeants. After reading the
story in The Call he of the cold feet
and clammy shake summoned his
trusted lieutenants and in a tearful
voice declared that there was a traitor
in the camp.
"It behooves us to establish his iden
tity," he remarked. "The time has ar
rived when the squealer should be
driven from our midst. I have a clew
and intend to run the scoundrel to
earth."
"You're all right, captain," chorused
the gang. "We'll get him even at the
risk of our lives."
This so pleased Wittman that he
brought forth a box of choice cigars
and handed it around.
"Enjoy yourselves, boys," remarked
the astute cartain placing his cold foot
against the warm stove, "smoke up and
then seek the scalp of the enemy, who
has so basely betrayed us."
"We're dead next," again piped the
crowd of subordinates. "We'll do him
or die."
The following day Wittman received
sufficient information to convince him
that he was right In his surmise. Ap
pearing before the watch that evening,
his face wreathed in smiles, he spoke of
the proposition to assess the officers 50
cents each to purchase swords for him
self and sergeants.
"It is a grand idea," he remarked.
"You all should feel proud to walk be
hind your superior officers with their
glittering swords and natty uniforms.
While I fully realize that the members
of the department heartily indorse the
movement, yet there is one man who
I am sorry to say has taken it upon
himself to ridicule the proposition, even
to the extent of giving it to a news
paper.
"I want to say right here," continued
Wittman, his face assuming an angry
scowl. " that if the man to whom I
refer should tender me the 50 cents, the
amount of the assessment, I would fling
it in his face. I do not intend to make
his identity known just at present, but
in some future day he will hear from
me."
"Wittman refuses to give the name of
the policeman vhora he accuses of
"basely betraying the department." He,
however, admits that he has it In for
him simply because he had the temerity
to criticise the rather galling proposi
tion to assess the members of the de
partment to buy swords for himself and
his sergeants. It is not unlikely that
the suspected officer will shortly find
himself out of a job, a victim of Cap
tain Wittman's wrath.
Express Companies Make a Denial.
The following telegram was received at
the local office of Wells, Fargo & Co. yes
terday afternoon:
Chicago, 111.. Sept. 3, 1898.
Mr. John J. Valentine. President Wells,
Fargo & Co.. San Francisco, Cal.: Re
ferring to your telegram of yesterday,
calling attention to alleged press dispatch
saying Adams, American and United
States express companies would furnish
revenue stamps , W. H. Damsel. C. H.
Crosby and L. W. Fargo, managers of
the Adams. United States and American
express companies, say they know noth
ing about the press dispatch. No confer
ence wns held and no action taken by
representatives of those companies here.
R. A. WELLS.
Supt. Wells. Fargo & Co. Express.
Show Chinese Caught.
Twenty-threp Chinese men who entered
this port en route to the Omaha Exposi
tion and who returned to this city for the
purpose of remaining here were arrested
yesterday morning by the United States
Marshal and lodged In jail. They will be
deported.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ' a ' •-■ • - — -
The Treatment That Cures.
•- : ' To men who have nervous ■ de-
"■■ ~~~ ~ "— — bility and are weak, Incompetent,
■ji IF".' tii ■tftoj-jfr : puny ' and embarrassed on account
**g£|>~^§g§w|?g|^^ of partial or complete loss of vital
jpfjgmj&**^* V : jjfl| -^**^a3fc power, Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a
O l«W!i«P*«lSsii^^*'*isfi helping hand. These successful
a Sg^^r s * s^ '^^S specialists are noted for making
38 s§§§r " " : 5^P strong, robust and perfect men out
e£ WfW of Physical wrecks, and for check-
fl£ y[%Y>& ' ng l^ e ' ear '>* symptoms of Ner-
7*Es £ *$$03i "dr. MEYERS & CO. have been
i^^m- rftf^3ffv£^*£lijir\ established 17 years; they treat
\\ »W 2i 3Pf/) *^^ y ' diseases and weaknesses of
A\ »m y^S \% MI7XT AWT V
l'<WZswmiiff\ //J All members of the staff are
"'%%& (fSmrn'l' &'^kltwß*Wm& •' > graduates from the best medical
J^/vfA tWMi^r&fHwW^'^T^BrV'^ colleges in the .world and had ex-
>?<%&/& yiBSS^SSSmmj^SBL ///. tensive experience in hospitals be-
<%%&&/, ife f<t)ro taking up the important work
' M of the specialists. Their remedies
%?mm V l^WlHir<^^ • : and methods are the best; .they
'<££slPs V /A XaPMHBiSL-^iP^" cure and ™store when others fall.
vßjffipiti X :: If >' ou have an embarrassing
*4W<%vMi \***<s^&T^£^!rKsZ§^& weakness or a contracted ailment,
Wi'y&tV. \. iTv --^Jr BKSlfiPs^w. place yourself In the hands of DR.
///^i V I\^M JBl§3l§ii*!fr MEYERS & CO. for speedy and
17^TABT TSHED 17 YEARS No charge for advice. Private
bMABLIMIttIJ 1/ lEAKS. j book forf 0r men free correspondence
.;,.-.,-»■ confidential. >'
NO PAY REQUIRED TILL CURE IS EFFECTED,
FREE CONSULTATION
Dr. Meyers & Co.,
• ',- 731 Market Street, San Francisco, Gal. ..
T«1r« CI Air<l x A . Hours— B to 12, Ito 5 daily.
I I aXe tleVatOr Evenings, 7to 9; Sundays, 9to 11.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ •_ . ■
OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO OOOOOOO 00 0 O
o o
° £
O &
o ■ • .. • ©■•"
° '■■■■■ *'t* '■ • ■©'
o o
° " * - 2 •**
O OF
o * P
l CITY^M PARIS ;|
g DRY GOODS COMPANY,
P S. E. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., • !v
O ■.■'•"** ■•
O UNION SQUARE. '-.'.O-,
o •">■
o •«.
! MILLINERY DEPARTMENT '^ ;v |"
g Announce fall opening : ©
°* of French Bonnets and . : . -^
o ■ ■ •.
o Parisian Novelties on "'•'•' §''
O ::■ Monday, September 6, , '•'. v
o Monday, September 5,
® 1898, and following o
o days.
i I
i
o o
000000000000000000000000000000 oo obo
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. A. E. Osborn, superintendent of
Russ.
A. L. Steams of New York is at the
Palace.
Judge 8. S. Holl of Sacramento la at
the Grand.
F. G. Crlßt, United States navy. Is at
the Occidental.
W. F. George, a lawyer of Sacramento,
Is at the Grand.
J. Crocker, a merchant of Eureka, is
at the California.
George Stoving is at the Palace on his
way to Melbourne.
C. E. Barnhardt, a merchant of Sul
sun, is at the Lick.
W. Forsyth, a vlneyardist from Fresno,
is at the Occidental.
W. M. Elliott, a merchant of Salt Lake,
is at the California.
R. H. Safley, a mining man of Calls
toga, Is at the Rubs.
Charles D. St. Maurice, a merchant of
Colusa, is at the Grand.
Joseph Altschell, a capitalist of New
Tork, is at the Palace.
James Warden and F. G. Lent, miners
of Alaska, are at the Rubs. »
C. M. Coghlan, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
Dr. Dyckerhoff and Otto Dyckerhoff,
of Beibrich, Germany, are at the Palace.
R. E. Allerdice, professor of mathemat
ics at the Stanford University, is at the
Occidental.
Dr. A. E. Osborn, superintendent of
the Home for Feeble-Minded Children,
is at the Grand.
George Rogers of Durban and A. E.
Phillips of Port Elizabeth, South Africa,
are at the Palace.
T. W. Lee and wife arrived from Los
Angeles and will remain at the Russ un
til the next steamer sails for Honolulu.
Grace Church. Services.
A very excellent programme, including
some new numbers, Is prepared for this
evening's monthly festival service, one
of these being a new composition by J.
C. Maey to the beautiful words of Lord
Tennyson's poem, "Crossing the Bar";
Kipling's recessional, "God of Our Fath
ers," will be given by special request.
Messrs. Khys Thomas and S. Homer Hen
ley will sing solos from standard ora
torios and the full choir will give two
choruses, one by Schubert, the other by
Uounod. During the offertory an organ
solo will be played by the organist.
To-Bay' s Music at the Park.
Overture, "Semlrade" '. Rossini
"Hungarian Fantasia" Rlcordl
Mexican serenade. "Leila" .Chambers
Trombone solo. . "The Sea" .Schubert
Quartet and storm scene from "Rigoletto"
;...... Verdi
Scene from the opera "Gloconda" — Ponchielll
Cornet solo, "Dream of Love" ....... ..Millars
Performed by Mr. ' William Mahood.
"The Celebrated Minuet" Paderew?kl
Episode, "Mllltalre Cavalry Charge"... Lueders
March, , "The • Pacemaker" Ziechel
jfiS? FOR "■' ••'■'• .
13L\ FINE TAILOftJHfi
Jiy£|\ " PERFECT FIT, BEST OF " : ?\
fi^fm, WORKMANSHIP; at •;; "■ ] •
W WBfry 25 per cent Less than Other..
m W*sM Tailors Charge, Go to'f..:
f FINE TTI LOR ING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF l
! WORKIWANSrIIP, at ; : ; .:
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to ; .
JOE P.OHIIM-
/ trf m All Wool Suits to 1 A t . & or.
/ I m Order from 4>! l • $03
Plntafrom . . . $4 «» $10
J^V'"^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St., : . '
I HO and 1112 Market St, San Francisco
STATEMENT
— THE ... ■• ..{
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE . .. "•
MANHATTAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OP NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW.
Tork, on the 31st day of December, A. : D,-
1897. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the • Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions*,
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political . Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by. the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. :
Amount of capital stock, paid up In '
cash $230,000 00
'/ ASSETS. v
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $6^1,115 00
Cash in company's office 223 : 70
Cash In banks 36,!»0!S .
Premiums in due course of collection 106,843 50
Cash deposited with Guarantee Trust , . •
and Safe Deposit Company, Phila- • .••'•■'.
delphia ' 200 00'
Total assets J755.291*' io .
LIABILITIES. "' " •
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. .'... $15,223 60
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 87,"555 79
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 19,222 42
Interest declared and remaining un-
paid 555 7S
Outstanding interest-bearing receipts 11,001 70
Due and to become due for borrowed
money 100,000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 162,39142
Total liabilities $357,320 71 .
INCOME. . .
Net cash actually received : for fire
premiums .../ $466,828 55
Received for "Interest and dividends ,
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
- all other sources 22.97$ 00
Received for profit on sale of bonds. 9,3431 3
Received for excess payment Broad-
way Insurance Company ; 54 67
Received for increased capital :. 25,000 00'
Total income $524,204 35
EXPENDITURES. . .
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- . • ,
; eluding $74,307 42, losses of previous ' • " •
years) $382,699 97-
Scrip redeemed In cash 5,519 31
Dividends to stockholders ;.... 25.423 07
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 103,935 03
Paid for salaries, fees and .other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 87,671 54
Paid for -State,- national and local . " .
taxes 26,61172
All Other payments and expenditures. 67,719 - 11
Total expenditures $702,57965
P. B. ARMSTRONG. President.
H. F. NEEFUS, - Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of February. IS9B.
JOHN T. KIRK, Notary Public.
E.W. S. VAN SLYKE,
MANAGER
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
MILLS BUILDING, San Francisco.
Sano-Rios:^?.
THE HOME REMEDY
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS^We?^
wring. For all these pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy on earth C. nn Dirk Easily applied by ladyher-
eqna'i th; famous JanU'ltlll f elf. Relieve, all pa]n
'i«BSESS!& In Ir'omb *r Ovaries In 10 minutes,
jMSggiJM Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
HEqWfifiEfl Bladder Troubles, Faintnrn, Nervousness, Fear
ggptfryja and Despondency. Cure* L«>:corrhora, Womb
jff&AX. JNH Complaints, Disrlscements, Itjckache, Hearing
MM&sl-jejwCbeJr* Soreness and Vlt«ji'»e» J
« !jf^«wr€i Ijl1 jl* <:bcer " the "rlrlts and Vitalize* p*l.'J
' •ft'ieS^*^ the whole frame. r>afo, Sure and \"jTl2r
Aboolutely. Harmless. Uno 50 csnt box will f IW» r
complete a cure in ordinary cases.
"?ThP^ Al I PAID BOU> BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
OI UIU I ALL IMln or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES The rerfecto To. C»i ton Bld . Chicago
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland.
WONG WOO,
P*^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
£WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM,
J&^K^. 764-66 CL AT BT., San Francisco, C»l
-jW^^^^SSn.l All diseases cured exclusive-
. '&&S}mfMx> ■ ' ly by Chinese J.erba, over 3000
'VnfiWfM" varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to
lp;.m,'-i ■" : r-'* " •' - ■ ■■ • ' "■ '■■' i
Ij?sg^Dß. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
■ n^T ifflSai Five hundred reward for any ca»»
BHi luSSai we cannot cure. This secret remsily
. H_t*;V'^_H etops all losses in '• 24 hours, - cures
WM WBS Emissions, Impotency. Varlcocels.
PPfM Wlfl Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
Übm UiM Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
HBB f^nS fects of self-abuse or excesses. Seat
ESatgSSa sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. 15; gruar*
ante*! to cure. Address HALL'S MEDIC AX. IN- :
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. AIM -
tor sals at 1073)4 Market • St.. S F. AU pri-
rat« dleeaees quickly cured. Bead tor t r*« book
910
NATIVE SONS
ARE READY FOR
THE PARADE
Music and Red Fire
for the Eighth.
-. . •
DETAILS FOR NIGHT PARADE
AIL ARF ANXIOUS TO START
FOR SAN JOSE.
The Native Daughters to Turn Out.
La Estrella Parlor Will
Have a Sur
prise.
The San Francisco and Alameda Native
6<">ns have made all tlnir arnmsoments for
the grand celebration In San Jose on Fri
day next. At the meeting of the joint
Ninth of September Committee held last
night in Native Sons' Hall the final de
tails were attended to, and as the com
mittee was about to adjourn David C.
Martin of Stanford Parlor, one of the
.transportation committee, Bpeaklng for
/the larger parlors and fraternally repre
senting the smaller ones, said: "We are
all ready to move the procession and hold
our next meeting in Sun Jose on Friday
:n.oxt."
: : Among the details arranged last night
was the placing of ticket-sellers at the
ferry landing on this .side on the after
•noon of the Bth, the nipht of that day and
•on the 9th, to accommodate those who
'may wish to go to the -Garden City by
the special on the Sth, which will connect
•■With the 8:30 o'clock narrow-gauge boat,
or'by the narrow gauge on the following
: dav.
A proposition to furnish the cadets of
the Military Academy at San Rafael with
.■tickets at out rates was defeated, on the
■gnuind that it would not he fair to give
■eucli rates to outstders whnn they were
denied to the Native Daughters.
' It was decided to ask the railroad com
pany to stop its trains at Twenty-fifth
■and Valencia streets for the benefit of
''residents of the Mission, and if the com
pany will do so the fact will be made
Iknown through The Call and other
■ papers. ■
. The committee on parade In this city on
the night of the Bth reported that there
. will be a procession formed as follows,
.moving at S:ls o'clock:
Mounted police; Grand Marshal D. A. Ryan.
Chief of Staff L. P. Sertcano, Chief AM Ed L.
Head. First ' division O. C. Groezlnger, Mar
.Bhnl; aids.. J. .1. Nelsen.and James M. Hanley;
grand officers. Riucon, California. Pacific,
Marshall and Golden Gate parlors. Second di
vision — Marshal. W. D. Shea; aids. F. H.
Kerrigan and Much Mclsaac; Stanford. Mis
sion, El Dorado, Yerba Buena, Hay City and
Niantic parlors. Third division— Marshal. Louis
Konnemann; aids, Louis P. Powelson and Ed
Oelrlch; San Francisco, National. Precita. Hes
perian and Alcatraz parlors. Fourth division —
.Marshal, William C. Miller; aids. George J.
IVinn»Uy and E. J. Murphy; Sequoia, Alcalde.
South San Francisco, Olympus ' and Presidio
parlors.
The line of march will be down Mason
street, from Post to Mark.-t, to Third to
the Southern Pacific depot. There will
he red lire, fireworks, music and drum
corps.
The aids to the grand marshal are: i H.
G. W. Dlnkelspiel, Charles Heverin, Em
mett Hayden, William Milton, S. V. Cos
tello, Ed Oelrich. J." F. Tyler. Milton R.
Hall. F. H. Kerrigan, Frank Mordecai.
M. Claratz, Thomas H. Casey, J. H. Wil
liams. Nathan Rogers, Ed Sieberst, M. M.
.Ratigan. F. T. Martens, Hugh Mclsaacs,
J. W. Collier, J. H. Glas, Leon Veiller,
Jules Godeau, James Hanley, J. W. Kent
zel, Paul McDonald. John F. i Barnard,
Eugene Gauhtier Jr., M. E. Licht. Eu
gene Korn, Charles Llndemann and Mark
A. Devine.
Alfred L. Morgensternof Halcyon Par
lor, Alameda, chairman of the hotel and
9th of September committee, is one of the
very energetic workers in the order of
• Native Sons. He is faithful and earnest,
and being on" of those mpn who makes
friends at sight has, by his fraternal de
votion, won the respect and esteem -f I
In the order who have met him. At the
last held session of the urand Par»or .v
Nevada City he won many words of com
mendation for the manner In which,
when on the floor of that body, he "Re
membered the Maine."
..California Parlor No. 1 will have as Its
• guests the members of Buena Vista Par-
ALFRED L, MORGENSTERN. Pres
ident of Halcyon Parlor.
lor, Native Daughters. It has secured
Druids'. Hall in San Jose. The commit
tee on celebration is C. A. Boldemann, O.
L.- Blackman, Q. Jansen. E. Gauthier. J.
B. Stovall, L. Lacaze and H. F. Pernau.
Mission Parlor intends to make a good
Bhowinp, and to that end has asked all its
'members to take part. All will wear a
uniform hat and be decorated with a fine
toadge. The parlor will maintain head
quarters in San Jose for its members, and
will do all that it can to sustain its repu
tation for hospitality.
Alcalde Parlor will appear in what its
members, who will turn out to the num
ber of seventy-five, call "Oh! I don't care"
JACKSON NOT A "DEAD 'UN."
PETER JACKSON is a patient at St. Luke's Hospital. He is not
suffering from any illness brought on by an over-indulgence In the
pleasures of life, as some persons think, but is nursing a badly
bruised shin, caused by bumping It in trying to get in a buppy.
The colored pugilist has been at St. Luke's for the past week under
treatment and hopes to leave that place very shortly.
}!•• was s<;it<-<l on the veranda yesterday discussing ffugillsm when seen.
Jackson claimed to he in splendid health, due. he said to the regular
hours of the hospital. That he has not given up hope of getting a match
with some of the heavy-weights could easily be seen by his conversation.
"If I do not succeeed in being matched here," he said, "I intend going
East, as all the top-notchers are there. I shall be at the ringside when
Corbett Jind McCoy meet and will challenge the winner. In mv opinion
Corbett will be that man.
"I have always had an ambition to again meet him and I cannot see
why he has overlooked me. I fe<>l sure that the Callfornlan will win, be
cause I have Bean both men nnd know what they can do.
"What do I think of Jeffries? Well, I think him good enough to rank
with the best. He is a top-notchcr, as ho 1b the only man that ever defeat
ed me, and I consider mYself a top-r.otcher. I was not a bit surprised to
rend what the Eastern sporting writers said about his work in the ring,
as they all have different opinions. I saw Jeffries fight Sharkey, and
thought him a good man.
"I have always been open to challenges and am willing and ready to
meet any man, Corbett preferred."
rig. and each will wear a Manila hat,
just such as Dewey wears to keep his
eyes shaded from the tropical sun. The
parlor proposes to have with it its old
time mascot, the bald eagle which flaps
its wings when there is talk of fraternity.
The members will give a banquet and
Intend to have the finest menu that any
San Jose caterer can prepare.
Alcatraz Parlor, having for officers C.
F. Fltzsimmons, past president; Henry
Llchenstein, president; F. W. Sink, re
cording secretary; W. Horabin, financial
secretary, and O. Moulin, treasurer, pro
popes to surpase all efforts of previous
celebrations. It has secured a suite in
Bale's building, which will be artistically
decorated and there will be a reception, a
choice programme and a banquet to the
lady friends of the membership. The
greater part of the members have signi
fied their intention of participating in the
celebration. The Curly Bears under the
control of Cave No. 5 will start a growl
at midnight on the Sth to welcome the
9th, and Dr. W. A. Gaston, the grand
marshal, will be one of the number who
will be initiated. All "Curleys" will be
welcome.
National Parlor will take part in the
celebration at San Jose. It will not have
general headquarters this year, but the
members will enjoy themselves in a quiet
way after the- parade. In the evening the
parlor will form pni*t of the night parade
In this city, and in the San Jose parade
will not wear a uniform as in the past,
hut will have a? a distinguishing badge
the regalia of the order. The member
ship baa adopted a very handsome badge
which it will display in the main parade.
The 9th of September committee is \V.
K. McCreery. F. P. Wehe and H. F. Lil
kendy. The badge, of which the mem
bership is very proud, was selected by
A. R. Vaughn. D. F. Nunan and F. Glock
er. W. G. Bahr Is the past president of
the parlor; E. Hall, president; F. P.
Wehe, A. R. Vaughn and D. F. Nunan,
vice-presidents; M. V. Doughty, recording
secretary; W. Larklns, financial secre
tary: P. Dv Py, treasurer, and F. Silvey,
marshal.
Rincon Parlor does not intend to be be
hind the others in the matter of being
prominent in the festivities of Admtenion
day. It will appear in uniform in the Ban
Jose parade. The members will wear
white duck pantaloons, negligee shirt,
neat belt and tie and white straw hat.
The parlor has secured its own band and
will make a good showing In the night
parade in this city on the eve of the ma.'n
celebration. In San Jose it will hold a re
ception at headquarters in Young Men's
Institute Hall on South Market street,
two blocks from the electric tower, dur
ing the afternoon of the inn, and In the
evening will give a grand ball. The par
lor's committee consists of W. E. Foley,
J. J. .anlev John F. Finn. G. H. S. Dry
den. P. F. Mertes. T. H. Vivian, W. E.
McCreery, John Hannan and L. F. Seri-
cano.
Presidio Parlor will turn out not less
than llfty strong and will parade w'th a
new banner mounted on wheels. The
members will have as a feature a wild
and woolly bear. During the celebration
the parlor will entertain at Manchester
Unity Odd Fellows' Hall.
La Estrella I'arlor, Native daughters
of the Golden West, which at each of the
two preceding celebrations carried away
the honors for originality and beauty of
display, to Hay nothing of the beauty of
the members, will this year take part in
the celebration in San Jose, and will pre
sent a design that will be novel, highly
artistic and representing an event in Iho
history of to-day. The ladles have worked
for some time in the preparation of the
idea, and they expect that it will be one
of the finest features of the parade.
The members of Alta Parlor of the
Native Daughters will go to San Jose to
enjoy the celebration, but will not go as
a parlor.
ROLLED UNDER A CAR.
Willie O'Lane Saved From Death by
a Fender on a Fourth-
Street Trolley.
William O'Lane, a four-year-old young
ster residing at 258 Clementina street,
was struck by a Fourth street car yester
day afternoon, and, thanks to the fender,
escaped without a scratch after being
rolled thirty feet.
The boy had gone out into the street
to play against the wishes of the father,
and as he was going across Fourth street
at the corner of Clementina he ran di
rectly In front of the car going at full
speed. The motorman dropped the fen
der and made a remarkably quick stop.
The horrified passengers exnected to see
the mangled remains of the boy under
the car. but. were greatly surprised when
the little fellow crawled out and ran for
home, none the worse for his bumping.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
CHIEF BORCHERS
DID THE TRICK
Watsonville Up Against
a Hard Game.
NOT CANNON BALL JUGGLERS
THE VETERAN WON .THE CON
TEST FOR STOCKTON.
A Novelty in the Coaching Line
Sprung on the Helpless Public.
Umpire With Spinal Curv
ature of the Eyes.
A cross-eyed umpire, a hog-herder
turned loose on the coaching line and
old Chief Borchers were the salient
features of yesterday's mix-up between
the two tail enders at Recreation Park.
The first individual was Mr. O'Con
nell, who may — probably has — seen bet
ter days as a baseball referee, and It is
fervently hoped he may yet forego his
mission as a promoter of profanity and
become a law-abiding citizen.
The second cause of the disturbance
was Held. Now, Held's voice may be
music to the denizens of Pajaro Valley,
but when it becomes tinctured with the
fog-laden atmosphere of San Francisco
there is a rasplness about it that makes
one feel there are worse crimes than
murder. Moreover, Held does not ex
ercise his lungs and discretion at one
and the same time. He is Just as apt
to burst forth into melody when there
is nobody near a bag as when the
bases are full. Moreover, there is noth
ing to Held's song when he don't trill.
A base-runner could never in a thou
sand years tell whether Held was ad
vising him to make the circuit or get
back to first. All Held does is to open
his mouth anl let his breath slide in a
string of yaps for all the world like a
tough broncho-buster rounding up a
drove of refractory sausage-stuffers.
But Held, too, may reform. He may
possibly sprain his voice so that it will
never be of service to him again. No
body can tell what kind Providence has
in store for people.
. With Borchers it is different. He has
already reformel, and yesterday he
pitched better ball than he ever did in
the old days when he was considered a
phenom. The old speed is there, with
maybe little added to it, and besides
Chief knows where the plate is now and
has no difficulty marking it whenever
he wants •. Three hits, no two of
which came in the same inning, were
the net results of Watsonville's thirty
four times at the bat. In addition the
chief punched out four of the ten hits
made off Iberg— two of which were
doubles— struck out six men and sent
three to first with his compliments. Af
ter that who can doubt that Borchers
has drunk to the elixir of life and has
got back into the game with both feet?
As for the game itself, it was inter
esting mainly as showing how helpless
the league infants were against Bor
chers. They have some good talent in
the team and they also have some that
they want to get a divorce from at
once on the ground of failure to pro
vide anything in the way of baseball.
For instance, an outfielder who goes at
a fly like a woman "shooing" a cat
from a pan of milk and when at the
plate drags his bat away from the ball
as though he feared it might sustain
injury may be all right as a cultivator
of sugar-beets. If he is he should stick
to that and never get nearer to a dia
mond than the bleachers. Phil Knell
was not in It yesterday.
The score was:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Seina, 1 b 4 1 1 0 10 1 0
Smith, 2 b 6 0 0 0 3 7 1
Pace, c 6 0 10 7 0 0
Billing?, s. b 5 0 10 2 2 2
Borchers, p 4 3 4 10 0 0
Rice, c. f 4 110 10 0
Muller, 1. I 5 2 2 0 10 0
White, 3 b 3 0 0 12 2 1
Patterson, r. f 3 0 0 1 1 0 1
Totals 38 7 10 8 27* 13 6
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks, 3 b 4 10 0 16 2
Held. 1 b 3 0 0 0 10 1 0
Courtnpy. s. s 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
Ponlan, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 10
Hayes. 1. 1 4 0 110 10
McCarthy, 2 b 4 0 0 0 6 3 2
Iberff. P 3 110 0 10
Peters, c 4 0 117 0 2
Fritz, r. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Total* 34 2 3 2 27 17 7
, RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 3021000 I—7
Base hit* 0 2 0 2 2 0 2 0 2-10
Watponvllle 1 10000000—2
Base hits 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1— 3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberg, 1. Two-base hits
—Borchers, 2. BacrJflce hit— White. Base on
errors — Stockton, 5; Watsonville. 4. Bases on
balls— Stockton. 3; Watsonville, 3. Left on
bases— Stockton, 9; Watsonville. 8. Struck out
—By Borchers, 6; by Iberg. *■ Hit by pitcher-
Patterson. Double plays— Courtney to McCar
thy to Held; Courtney to Held. Passed balls-
Pace, 1; Peters, 1. Wild pitch— lberg. Time of i
gamp— l:4s. Umpire— O"Connell. Official scorer
— Stapleton.
FOR SWEET CHARITY.
The Alumnis and Clevelands to
Cross Bats To- Day for the
Benefit of Sacred Heart
Church.
To-day, beginning at 2 o'clock sharp, a
game of baseball will be played for the
benefit of Sacred Heart Church at the
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
The fact that the game is for sweet
charity may leave the impression that it
will be of an inferior nature, and the
writer takes great pleasure in assuring
the public that such a state of affairs
will not be on the day's programme.
Two teams— the Clevelands and Alum
nis—have been selected to compete, and
that the game will be up to date and in
teresting J s assured from the fact that
both clubs are out not only for charity
°ut for blood, glory and reputation.
Their performances in the past, from a
baseball view, have been laudable in the
extreme, and that their efforts this after
noon in behalf of such a cause will be
worthy of commendation may be Judged
from the uncontroverted statement tnat
tickets have bet>n sold and continue to te
sold like hotcakes.
There are a few remaining, however,
and these may be obtained at the 1
grounds.
To those who wish to enjoy a pleasant
afternoon, a good game of baseball, and
with it all be charitable, the oportunity
is theirs, and it should not be overlooked
on this grand occasion. The line-up is as
follows:
Alumnis. Position. Clevelands.
Mcl won Pitcher White
Allen Catcher Hall
Goslensky First base Nealon
Folansbee Second base O'Connor
Ireland Third base MeGrim
McKee Shortstop Kuster
Derham Left Field Cassaasa
Heller Center field Ragan
Butler Right field .O'Toole
To-Day's Gam 3.
Watsonville and San Francisco will
have it out to-day, and a pretty contest
may be counted on, for it is not at all
likely that Shea can hold the Infants
down as did liorchers yesterday. Follow
ing is the makeup:
Watsonville. Position. San Francisco.
Donlan Pitcher Shea
Peters Catcher Hammond
Held First base Murphy
McCarthy Second base Smith
Franks Third base Monahan
Courtney Short stop H. Krug
Hayes Left field Dunlevy
Allright Center Held K. Krug
Fritz Right field Croll
At Golden Gate Park.
The Western Addition Baseball Club de
feated the Tarrows at the Golden Gate
Park ground yesterday by a score of 22
to 16.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>^ >^ >< ? >^ >^ >^^ >^ <^^ >^ ♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦
<$> ' <g>
I The Doctors That Cure. I
* ♦
I THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS, :
<> ' ■ , >.♦'. <* ! '.■ ;• ' ■ -».-:^--'.-. ■ ■ ••■■■ : - ■'.. ..'. '..-.•■ <j>
<$> Five Physicians— All Specialists— 26 Years— lncor-
4 ; porated Under. the Laws of California for $250,000. *
A /> ATARRH IN ITS VARIOUS FORMS, CONSUMPTION IN THE FIRST AND SEC *
W ond stages, all female diseases, complaints and weaknesses, chronic diseases- »n ♦
♦ erally. and deformities yield quickly -to the matchless remedies and successful methods -»>
f of these skilled physicians. Thousands of testimonials from patients cured In California
<«> BOOK AND CONSULTATION FREE. HOME CURES. I
I thel^^u^r^ont^rvlns Sj£! &^^"2^»&& £& !
for men or women. : .symptom blanks, question list and treatise on any disease all tree *
t ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS' :
X 731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO *
j Take Elevator I »^^'^!^-g Bandw . ; ; toll .:
!♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦.♦ ♦.*•.♦♦♦.♦.♦.♦♦•♦♦.♦.♦>♦♦;♦♦•♦
WANT TO BE
MUSTERED OUT
Internal Strife Among
lowa's Volunteers.
TALE OF TWO PETITIONS
THE MEN ARE TIRED OF EX-
ISTING EVILS.
The Ranks Will Invoke Politics and
Politicians in Order That
They May Be Sent
Home.
And now it is the Fifty-first lowa
Volunteers -who are divided against
themselves, and the strife is bitter and
to the knife. As in the case of the
Seventh California, the men of the
ranks are trying to wrest from their
officers the right to make known to the
powers their troubles and their wants.
The unanimous sentiment of -the
ranks is for mustering out. Now that
unhappy war is over and their services
no more needed, their eyes are turned
toward home and their one desire is
that they be sent there as soon as the
order can be given.
The officers, however, are of another
mind. Visions of a fat salary and a
warm garrison have led them to send
up a petition setting forth that they
and their men desire to remain in the
service and further praying that they
be assigned to garrison duty.
When this fact became known to the
men it required all of the power that
attaches to Colonel JLoper's rank to
prevent a mutinous demonstration. He
intercepted a petition that was going
the rounds, asking on bohalf of the
men that they be mustered out and re
turned to their homes and avocations,
and announced publicly that such ac
tion in the future would result in
court-martial.
One of the men in the ranks said yes
terday: "Since we arrived in camp we
have lived without complaint amid in
sufferable evils. Our daily sick call Is
larger than that of any other regi
ment and our sick men are treated like
a lot of dogs.
"Quinine has been the panacea for all
our ills, and little" else has been kept
in the m^<licine chest. Our bacon is
green and full of vermin, and instead
of getting the 26-cent allowance for ra
tions provided for by the Government
we are by actual computation getting
but 16 cents. Our meats are bad, and
other rations are more often short than
not.
"These conditions have existed with
us from the beginning, but while there
was a chance of seeing service and dem
onstrating that we were deserving of
better treatment, we did not kick. But
now that there is no excuse for our
suffering as we do we propose to kick
and kick hard, and our officers will find
that we privates are about as strong in
politics as they are before we get
through with it."
WOMEN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Convention Will Assemble in This
City on Next Tuesday.
The eighth annual convention of the
Women's Press Association of the Pacific
Coast will be opened in this city at Gold
en Gate Hall on Tuesday next. Mrs. E.
S. Marshall, the president, with the as
sistance of Mrs. H. M. Skldmore, has
made all preparations for the entertain
ment and convenience of the delegates.
A good programme has been arranged.
On Wednesday afternoon a symposium,
"Does a Man Own His Own Face?" will
be Introduced by Mrs. E. O. Smith, and
on Wednesday evening Senator George C.
Perkins and W. H. L. Barnes will discuss
the question, "Shall We Hold the Philip
pines?"
He Sold the Peter Jebsen.
A. G. Ropes has sued John Rosenfeld's
Sons to recover $5375. The plaintiff al
leges that he entered into an agreement
with the defendants by which he was to
receive 5 per cent brokerage on $215,000
provided the plaintiff disposed of the
steamer Peter Jebsen to the Government
for that amount. The Government,
through the effort."?? of the plaintiff, ac
cepted the steamer and paid the price
asked. One-half the commission was
paid Ropesc, and, he alleges, as the de
fendants refused to pay the balance he
now sues to recover the amount.
ADVEBTISEMENIS. .-.,;-
>. .. . ■ . .. Io- ■••
— » -■ . . . office ... . > ■
Corner Tenth and Market Streets. ||
TELEPHONE SOUTH , > .
•.i p ■
■■■■■■ • ■ ■ -w ''""■ ■•'
PIERC&RODOLPH |
STORAGE COMPANY j
— — — ♦
4 RESPONSIBLE FIRM! JLO\A/ RATES! . J
STORAGE. MOV/JVC PACKING. SHIPPING. 0 :]
V. . . . FIRE-PROOF WAREHOUSES o
Covered Vans! Lowest Insurance! Experienced Help! - — jL^
o-»-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*o-»-o-*o-»-o-»o-*o-»-o-*o-*-o-* o-*-o-*-o-*o*-o-*-c-*-o-»- c^©^
\AI. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SprfcckeU Uld*.
Telepbone Brown 931.
Residence, til Ca.ilornla St.. below Pow*U.
Ean Francisco.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1837,
two-thlr Is of all the members elected to each
of the :.wo houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people or tne
Btate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows.
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district snail in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thiras
of the" qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as. it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnighed to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are h°reby excented from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of its Wfiter works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7V4. The Inhabitants of any county
m<ty frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such bourd, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then tn one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not leas than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special »'ection. and if
a majority of such qualified lectors voting
thereon sha.ll ratify the same. .; shall there-
after be submitted, to the Immature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the- electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county, and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may b«
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
others.
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which, -the times at which, and the terms for
which, the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion; for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputlus that each officer shall have,
nnd for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
Ftich boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also, to prescribe the manner and method hy
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has. In the manner
and method herein pointed cut. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for »he uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and llkewlße'iprovlding for the flec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Pnld county jroverhment act shall, as to nny of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not he
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
Ftltutlon of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six thereby providing for the
organiutlon of a court, to be known as the
Court m Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section SH. The Court of Claims shall con-
elst of any three Judges of the Supnrlor Court.
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Ita Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
In tb* City of Sacramento, commencing on
Weekly Call, $1.50 per YeaWv
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKJNY AND WASHINGTON STS^-BE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 .50 day,
$5 to $S week, $& to $30 month. Free baths; hot
' and cold water every room: fire grates .in. every
I room; elevator runs all night.
T h h. B Tf°H M on ,1 lly of November of each year, '
The Judges holding such term of court shall "
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid- ! .
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary 0
to organize such court, to provide .the pro.
cedure the of and to carry out the provision* •
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR;
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
_. A . resolution to propose to the people of th»
btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele' en
by adding a new section thereto, to be knowa
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county government? Th«
said proposed new section to read a.s follows-
Section a,4. The provisions of sectiJnr four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply' '•
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which stial|-
have become, or shall become, organized under-
action Feven. or secure a charter under sectloa
eight of this article. >
j AMENDMENT NUMBER. FIVE. : - : ■-
; (Being Assembly Constitutional - Amendment :
No. 36.) ■ • -■:.:•- ■■■:'..
<*tate re of lU ri 0 m nton t0 , propose to the people of: thY
State of California an amendment- of section
I fifteen and section sixteen of article five of th«
£hV S h .v. u , tl lon1 on of the State of California. :by - :
read as t f ll Pr — ° Sed tO amend sald sections to : :,
.if,?, Ct n » r i\. A Lieutenant Governor 'shall. bV.
elected at the same time and place- and in th« ■'-
same aj?la j?1 e i r as the Governor, and his term of
flee .and his qualifications shall be the. same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall •
only have a casting vote therein. • ■- * ■
Section 18. In case of the impeachment "of.- '
ln,h?m v ? Or H'. or hl9 removal fr °m office, death, -
inability to discharge the powers and duties oh • :
«=* ,i c res! nat ion or absence from th'» -
Mate, the powers and duties of the flee shall • '
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th» :
residue «f the term, or until the disability 'shsU •."'
fmn« vTJ? d ,, 8 h0 lld the Lieutenant Governor bi ••-"
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become" In-
capable of performing the duties of his office, '
or be absent from, the State, the president pr» :
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor u'tv- "
1 «,f vacancy in the office of Governor shall . :
be filled at the next general election "whea
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or '•■
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy: in th* -
office of Governor for any of the reasons aboV».- ■
named, and neither the Lieutenant. Governor
nor the president pro tempore of th» Seii&t*
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gnv- .-'
ernor, then the powers and duties of such. po-
nce shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall '*•'■ ■'
filled at such general election. - -.-•■,-.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX. • • ["■■.'
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment •
No. 38.), -, -, ■->•• ■
A resolution to propose to the people of "thm ■
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of theStata
of . California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to •
read as follows: -? . •-, ■■!.%'••
Section S. The public school system shall In- '
elude primary and grammar schools, and such
h.gh schools, evening schools, normal schools -'
and technical schools as may be established by .
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la -
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer- "
sity or California. ."..:
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January,
next succeeding the election of its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it-
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agre* ;
upon a time at which they will resume their-:
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation-
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bi
within the limits above prescribed. Vpon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete lt«
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, an*
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session^
without the consent of three-fourths of th«>
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th»
Legislature of the State of California, entltled"-
"An act to provide for the submission of pro- .
posed amendments to the Constitution of th».
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. P. 18SS
the above-described proposed amendments ari-
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th«
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hl» :
choice as provided by law: • ...
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41 ' ■..'
(exempting certain claims against the ' '
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Te« .
of Vallejo for the construction of Its • ■
water works from the provisions of N» ; ;
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Ye«" .
(providing for framing local county < — — » .
government arts by inhabitants of N«T
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No. : ..
44 (providing for the creation of a ■■" ?
Court of Claims to determine claims Te«
against the State, and to consist of. — -^ •
three Superior Judges designated by Na ■ ■
the Governor to serve without extra . . ' ,
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, b*lng As- ■ .-
sembly Constitutional Amendment . ■''.-'
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Ye»-
and counties, organized or to be or-- -. •"■
gani7.ed. or holding a charter un- ' . H9~- •■■
der the Constitution, from certain leg- ■ ' \/
islation in relation to counties). . ■ '■.'. ■•
For the Amendment? . '.
Amendment Number Five, being • As- . V ;
sembly Constitutional Amendment "•!•','.'
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor. .- Tern
providing for succession thereto in ■ ■
certain cases and removing disability: N£ ■ ;
of Lieutenant Governor from holding- ' .. . : - ■:■
other office during term). ' . ' . •■:
For the Amendment? ■ [. ■ • ;;'■■■
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- f '•■■'. ••:.' '•'
bly Constitutional Amendment NY. 38' 1. Ye».
(relating to and defining Grammar: — rr-^ ■
Schools). ' ; ' /jj(> :
For the Amendment? ' ■ I- ■ :• '.
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f. ■ '. ' ' '-.
sembly Constitutional Amendment '•..•- '; ]
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of '-. 'Yei.' ."'
Legislature for not less than thirty- ,' ■ ' ';; . ;
nor more than sixty days during- each '■•.';. N#- .",
session). ."'"-.
For the Amendment? ' [ ■ " :. '. •
W'ltness my hand and the Great Seal of thti !
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor. - :
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of StaU. • .
[SEAL.]JULIUS KAHN
GETS THE
NOMINATION
For Congress in the
Fourth District.
MET WITH NO OPPOSITION
RECEIVES UNANIMOUS VOTE
. OF THE CONVENTION.
Returns Thanks for the Honor Con
. ferred Upon Him and Promises
to Work for Republi
canism.
By a unanimous vote of the dele
grates to the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict convention yesterday afternoon
Julius Kahn, the popular young attor
n-ey, was made the nominee of the Re
publican party for Congress from the
Fourth District.
The convention met at 3 o'clock In
Fhiels Hall, 32 O'Farrell street, and was
called to order by Chairman Joseph
Bpear Jr. Secretary P. H. Prendergast
called the roll, after which the chair
man announced that nominations for
candidate for Congress were in order.
John M. Chretien placed Julius Kahn
in nomination. He said:
"It is my privilege to present to you
the name of Julius Kahn. He Is known
to all of you, as he was raised and edu
cated here, and whatever success he
has made in life has been achieved in
this his home.
."In J. 592 Mr. Kahn was one of the two
Republicans returned to the State Leg
islature from this city. Among the
; State's lan-makers his ability was at
:once recognized, and ho became the
leader of the Republican minority. No
better evidence is needed of his popu
larity and ability. If he is nominated
by this convention he will be elected
and he will go to Washington, not as
it'he -representative of any corporation
((^corporate interests, but as the repre
sentative of the voters of the district
and the people of the State."
Tifrere being no further nominations,
it ; 'wa,s moved that the nominations
close and that the secretary be in
structed to cast the ballot of the con
vention for Mr. Kahn. The chairman
then, appointed Jacob Levy, John Chre
tien and Harry Gray a committee to
ri Mr. Kahn to the platform. The
appearance of the successful candidate
was grated with cheers, and it was
several minutes before he was per
mitted to express hiß thanks for the
honor that had been conferred upon
him. He paid:
"I need hardly tell you that I am
deeply grateful for the great nonor that
has been conferred upon me. for indeed
ft Is an honor to be designated as a
standard-bearer of so considerable a
portion of the great Republican party
of thin State. I have read and con-
sidered the platform of the party that
was adopted at Sacramento, and I in
dorse Its every plank. With your
friendly assistance I agree to make
every .effort of which I am capable to
place on the bulwarks of the Fourth
Congressional District the glorious
banner of Republicanism.
"If there ever was a time when Cali
fornia needed to send a solid Republi
can delegation to Congress, this seems
to me to be that time. It Is necessary
that this State should be well repre
sented in the body that will have to do
with deciding those questions that will
arise concerning the newly acquired
possessions of this country, the govern
ment of the same and the development
of new avenues of trade. In order that
the State shall reap benefit from the
Adjustment of these important matters
H is necessary she should have a
Republican delegation in Congress that
■will place her in touch with the admin
. istration, a thing that would not be
possible wr-re our representatives of op
posing political faith.
"I t3o not at this time propose to make
a.h extended speech. During the cam
paign I will go through the district and
visit the various clubs and will at that
time. discuss the issues that will con
front the voters at the combjg election.
I thank you."
. The- following resolution was intro
duced and adopted:
'.' ,Vi . [Ktl. the Fourth Concessional
•District Committee of the- Republican
.party in the State of California has here
tofore been selected pursuant to a call of
the National Committee, which unid com
■ rnitlee it.s conventions and elected dele
pates, have been roguliirly recognized by
the national convention of said party; and
.Whereas, the best interests of the party
In s.iiil .list rict require, an increase In the
number of members pi said committee;
therefore be it , _ _
'.jEtesolved by the Republican Fourth
Congressional district convention of the
State of California, That said committee
Tie Increased by the addition thereto of
.'••eleven new mefruers. one from e»ch As
setttbly district within the Congressional
district,' and that said committee, so in
creased. constitute the Republican com
m4ttee of tho Fourth Congressional Dis
trict or the State of California; and be it
further
. Resolved, That the chairman of this
convention be and is hereby authorized
and empowered to appoint such addition
al members of said committee pursuant
to-thls resolution.
Chairman Spear announced the fol
lowing named gentlemen as committee
men: Twenty-eighth District. Alfred
Houston; Twenty-ninth, R. H. Wil
liams; Thirtieth, Charles Metzner;
Thirty-first, P. H. PrenderKast; Thirty
second, John A. Hoey; Thirty-third. J.
F. Leonard; Thirty-ninth. M. Smith;
Forty-second, D. D. Luatlg; Forty
third, Martin Brady; Forty-fourth, J.
H. Nelson; Forty-fifth, James Snook.
The convention adjourned to meet at
the call of the chair.
IN THE THJRTY-NINTH.
Democrats Compliment Maguire and
Arrange for a Meeting.
A regular weekly meeting of the Ma
guire Club of the Thirty-ninth District
was held Saturday evening. September 3,
President Frank Conklin in the chair. On
motion of Henry Ely the chair appointed
the following standing committees: Cam
paign— C. A. 'Hante.l, J. A. Fenton. Dr. W.
J. Gavlgan, A. T. Vogelsang. Dr. I. \v.
O'Rourke; finance— Joseph Ferrera, Jacob
Harris, J hn Glavennovich; speakers and
mass meetingsJlS. T. Kohlman. Walter
Malloy, Henr> Wsianey.
On motion of C. A. Bantel Judge Ma
guire was complimented for his able se
lection of membf-rs t.> the State Central
Committee at large, particularly that of
J. J. Dwyer. a resident of the district.
On motion of Dr. W. J. Gavi^an and
seconded by J. A. Fcnton the committee
on speakers and mass meetings was in
structed to arranpe with the Hon. J. O.
Mapuire for a rousing meeting under the
auspices of the club to be hold in the near
future.
The club unanimously declared in favor
of open primaries under the supervision
of the State Central Committee.
Mission Republican Club.
At a meeting of the Republicans of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District last
evening- the following officers were elect
ed: President. Thomas O'Connell; vice
president. Fred Erllng; secretary, Frita
Seidel; treasurer. Julius Hoegman; ser
geant-nt-nrms. John Weldon. A resohi
ti"n was adopted in relation to the legis
lative nominations, and 'every member
was instructed to take active pnrt in tho
same. The following were appointed as a
committee of one to act in each precinct:
First Precinct, Charles Dodge; Second,
Charles Sein: Third. Edward Boylan;
Fourth. Thomas Kennedy. Fifth. John
Nash; Sixth. William Crletie; Seventh.
Joseph Gallagher; Eighth, Frank Mcc-
han; Ninth. John Conway; Tenth, J. F.
Boone: Eleventh. Charles Hollum;
Twelfth. Thomas Stetn; Thirteenth, G.
W. Smith; Fourteenth, K. Demarios; Fif
teenth, J. McCarthy; Sixteenth. Sumner
Cato: Seventeenth. Joseph Harm; Eigh
teenth. Henry Rutciiffe; Nineteenth, Pat
rick Joyce.
The CM»b indorsed the action of the com
mttteemen of tho district. After three
cheers for Gape and Nr-ff the meeting ad
journed, to meet again next Wednesday
[. ;,. : ;. '.'. ■':___' ; ADVERTISEMENTS. '..' .. , .. ■ .'" __ ■" _ __L_
—but Schilling's Best
Is not colored.
A Schilling & Company San Francisco 13
s -
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
evening. Sixty-seven members signed the
roll.
«,
JUDGE MURPHY WITHDRAWS.
The Contest in the Fifth Now Is Be
tween Eugene Loud and
Eddy Wolfe.
It Is now generally conceded that the
Republicans will renominate Eugene F.
Loud for Congress from the Fifth Con
gressional District. Ex-Judge D. J. Mur
phy, who has been mentioned as a can
didate, has withdrawn from the fight,
and it is generally believed that he will
receive the nomination for District Attor
ney on the local Republican ticket. Sena
tor Ed I. Wolfe, who aspires to represent
the Republican party in the halls of Con
gress, says that he 1b still in the fight
and that he will not quit until the nom
ination is made. "I am in the fight to
stay," said Wolfe yesterday, "and I will
not withdraw. I promise you this, how
ever, that In the event of not receiving
the nomination, I will be behind the man
who is lucky and will do everything with
in my power to aid in his election."
HOCKHEIMER FOR SENATOR.
Nominated by Acclamation by the
Eighth Senatorial District
Convention.
A. Hockheimer of Willows was nomi
nated by the Republicans yesterday for
State Senator for the Eighth Senatorial
District, comprising the counties of Glenn,
Colupa and Mendodno. The nominating
convention met in the Union League Ciuj
rooms, with George A. Sturtevant chair
man and John Shaefl secretary. Hock
heimer and George A. Ware of Williams,
Colusa County, were placed In nomination.
Ware withdrew before a ballot was taken
and Hockheimer was nominated by accla
mation. The convention then adjourned,
after authorizing the chairman to appoint
the nocessary committees required unaer
the purity of election laws.
Not Seeking Legislative Honors.
State Senator Eugene F. Bert, who has
been prominently mentioned as an aspi
rant for renomlnation in the Twentieth
Senatorial District, is out of the 'ig>u.
"t am nnt a candidate for the Senate <r
Congress." pftid Mr. Bert yesterday, "and
I want that distinctly understood, if the
Republican municipal nominating conven
tion should nominate me for the office,
of City and County Attorney I would nc
cept the nomination. I am in the light
for the nomination for the City and
County Attorneyship." he concluded, "and
that Is the only nomination I would ac-
cept."
Ex-Assemblyman Mark A. Devlne is
looking for the Democratic nomination
for Senator In the same district. He Is
popular in and out of his party, and has,
besides, a good record as a legislator.
Indorsed the Ticket.
The Park Republican Club held a meet
ing last evening at Kirchner's Hall, Wal
ler and Shrader streets, Thomas G. Eg
gert presiding. The roll was signed by
138 members. Resolutions were passed
Indorsing the State ticket, Ed Head for
Sheriff, J. B. Allen for Recorder, Edgar
Briggs for member of tho State Board of
Equalization and Winfleld Scott for As
semblyman from the Thirty-seventh As
sembly District. Several speeches were
made and the utmost enthusiasm pre
vailed.
The Barry Alliance.
Last evening at Red Men's Hall the
Barry Alliance met and permanently or
ganized with L. M. Mayer as chairman
and W. I. Plxley secretary. The object of
the Barry Alliance is to secure the elec
tion of James H. Barry, candidate for
CongreSsmun from the Fourth District,
by all honorable means. Meetings will be
held regularly every Saturday evening at
Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street.
New Incorporations.
The Vltax Battery Company incorporat
ed yesterday with a capital stock of $10,
000. The directors are: H. P. Thayer, E.
H. Baxter, Andrew White, Drew White
and Scott Calhoun. Articles of incor
poration of the Standard Coal and Team
ing Company were also filed. The direc
tors are Hugh Flynn, Robert Husbands,
Frank J. Griffin, J. Beardsloy and Steph
en Brown.
Died Suddenly.
Charles W. Broadbent died suddenly
yesterday morning at his residence, 1519
Eddy street. The deceased was nearly 70
year* old and was employed in the San
Francisco Laundry. In the rear of which
he lived with his aged wife. It Is believed
that pneumonia was the cause of death.
REPUBLICANS
WILL GO TO
SAN LEANDRO
Convention to Be Held
in Eden Township.
MUCH LIFE BEING SHOWN
DELEGATES TO COME FROM
WARDS AND TOWNSHIPS.
Interior Politicians Make Their Bi
ennial Trip to Arrange
For the County
Campaign.
Oakland Office San Francisco Coll,
908 Broadway, Sept. 3.
The biennial conclave of county Repub
licans was held this afternoon, the occa
sion being the drawing up of the call for
the county convention by the Republican
County Central Committee.
Broadway assumed the appearance so
familiar to the eyes of politicians. The
interior newspaper proprietors, the town
ship candidates for office, the interior pol
iticians flock into Oakland every two
years to arrange for the convention and
they are hardly ever seen en masse at
any other time. For three hours before
the meeting was called to order the Wake
& Moffltt block was a political hive, and
the bees were buzzing in all directions and
in all keys. Charley Spear and A. K.
Grim were excitedly discussing the divi
sion of Oakland Township for the pur
pose of electing delegates, which each
man confidently beiieves will be in his
favor.
Frank Jordan was telling the country
commltteemen what a walkover j»e was
going to have in the Seventh Ward,
which caused Bob Leckie to wink the
other eye. Justice Clift shook hands cor
dially with Justice Allen, but th,is did
not blind the crowd to the fact that each
is trying to kill off the other in the Third
Ward to become District Attorney. Even
Will Church found something upon wnich
to disagree with his brother Lin, and it
took them half an hour in the doorway of
the Louisville to reach an amicable con
clusion.
Committeeman Hause of Eden Town
ship declined to discuss the proposition
as to whether or not ho will be a dark
horse in the race for Public Administra
tor, but the rumor is said to have some
foundation.
Councilman Girard was on hand, but as
Councilman Larl was away he did not
take a prominent part.
Emil Nusbaumer came around to get a
few pointers on how to do politics, but
he went away apparently very disap
pointed.
There was not a great deal of business
before the county committee, but it took
a long time to transact it. More than
one-half of the session was taicen up
with the committee on one side of closed
doors and the lobby on the other.
A committee from San Leandro was on
hand to follow up the request of their
Board of Trade that the convention go to
that lively little town. Rev. Barton Perry
of the Presbyterian church made a clever
little speech in favor of his town. He said
that if they went there with their con
vention they would give the newspaper
men a great banquet, which would put
them Into such good humor that the con
vention would be given such a boost as
would insure the success of every nomi
nee. He also said that if no objections
were raised the county committee might
also sit at the banquet table. The delega
tion made such a practical plea that by
vote the convention was' sent to San L>e
andro.
The method of electing delegates was
the next subject taken up. In arranging
this question deference has always been
shown in the past to the wishes of candi
dates, because the various Assembly,
senatorial, supervisorial and township
districts are so mixed up that it Is not an
easy matter to arrange a plan of calling
delegates favorable to all. It was decided
to call the primaries by wards and town
ships, leaving to the individual discretion
of the various committeemen the adjust
ment of such details as might arise in
their respective districts.
The greatest difficulty in tho method of
calling delegates ■ prevails in Oakland
Township, which include? Berkeley, Tem
escal, Golden Gate and Emeryville.
Messrs. Grim and Spear, the only dele
gates from Berkeley, could not agree on
the method, and finally Committeeman
Stryker decided that the whole of Berke
ley, including East, West and North
Berkeley, should be blanketed, while the
outside precincts should vote sepnrately
on their own pro rata of the township
delegates.
SISTER-IN-LAW FOR
SWIFTWATER BILL
JOHN L. BUSCH AND MISS DEL
MAESTROL WEDDED.
The Ceremony Takes Place While
Swiftwater Is Absent
in Alaska.
A quiet wedding took place late last
evening at the residence of N. C. Del
maestrol, 507 Cole street, where his
daughter, Miss Julia Delmaestrol, aged
22. became the wife of John L. Busch of
3638 Nineteenth street. The groom, who
Is only 24 years of ago, enjoys the dis
tinction of being the brother-in-law of the
famous Swiftwater Bill of Alaska. The
wedding was private, only a few intimate
friends of the bride and goom being
present. Elaborate floral decorations and
a wedding supper made the appointments
complete. Swiftwater was not present,
being absent in Alaska, but his wife was
one of the guests. The groom is her
brother.
The newly wedded couple will remain
in this city and go to housekeeping. Mr.
Busch has decided not to try his luck
in Alaska, at least for the present.
WANT NO MORE
OF ARMY LIFE
Few Recruits for the Na
tional Guard.
MUST BE SUILT UP ANEW
THE MARTIAL SPIRIT HAS BEEN
CRUSHED OUT.
Experiences of the Men in the Mili
tary Camps Have Taken From
That Life All Its
Glamour.
During the past week there has been
some talk about taking Immediate steps
to reorganize the National Guard of the
State of California, but up to the pres
ent time no action has been taken look
ing toward that end.
When such a step Is taken it will prob
ably be in the matter of recruiting the
First Regiment of Infantry of this city,
as the Indications are that the members
of that regiment who were sent to the
Philippine Islands will be held there for
an indefinite period. A move may also
be made in the direction of reorganizing
the Sixth and Seventh Regiments of In
fantry, when the Sixth and Seventh
United States Volunteers from Califor
nia are mustered out. There is an idea
prevalent that many of the men will re
turn to the commands from which they
enlisted, but it is probable that the ma
jority, with the experience they have had
at the Presidio and Camp Merrltt, will
not want to do anything more in the line
of soldier's duty. Should that prove to
be the case it is more than likely that
those regiments, like the First, will have
to be built up anew. During the war
fever, there were many young men who
were ready to enter the ranks of the
guard to fill the places of those who en
listed in the volunteer army, but of late
that enthusiasm has waned and it will
require extraordinary conditions to revive
Some of the officers who still feel an in
terest In the National Guard are prepar
ing a law based on one existing in the
State of Indiana, which will be presented
to the Legislature at its next session. The
purpose of the proposed law is to pro
hibit any person, not a member of the
National Guard of the State, from wear
ing a uniform or the insignia »f a Na
tional Guardsman. This is aimed at bod
ies of men who of late have been parad
ing the streets in uniforms similar to
those worn by the Guardsmen.
A bill Is also being prepared for presen
tation to the next Legislature that will
authorize the appointment of a board of
competent officers whose duty It shall be
to revise the laws of the State bearing
on the National Guard, and codify them
with a view to replace the "Red Book,"
which is absolutely useless as a guide for
the Guardsmen.
Second Lieutenant C. W. Pennlman
of Troop A has tendered his resignation,
which has been accepted.
In general orders the announcement is
made that Thornhill Carmany, P. C.
Knapp, Emmett Jones and William J.
Stock of the Second Brigade Signal
Corps have been discharged from the
service of the State by reason of remov
al. They also announce that W. C. El
lingwood of the same corps has been dis
charged at expiration of term of serv
ice. The first four named are of the five
who enlisted in the United States Signal
Corp* when there was a call for volun
teers for that branch of the service. They
are all in Manila at present and have
been since the 31st of last July, except
Carmany, who went on the fourth ex~
peditlon and reached there later. Knapp,
Jones and Stock, as well as Henry F.
Jurs of the same corps, but who is not
included in the list of discharges, were
in service at the battle just before the
surrender of Manila. These are the first
volunteers from the National Guard
who have been discharged by reason of
removal.
J. H. Henton has been appointed first
sergeant of the Signal Corps; I.anee Ser
geant W. P. Garfteld has been appointed
sergeant; Corporal S. C. Prltchard, ser
geant; Corporal L. J. Hfirkness, lance
sergeant, and Privates R. C. Ward and
V. E. Mathews, corporals. Charles Hewes
is captain of the corps, and C. W. Ha
zeltine lieutenant.
All the men who enlisted from the
naval militia for service in the auxiliary
navy have been mustered out of the ser
vice, and a number of them feel rather
blue, for after the service they rendered
they found themselves the proud posses
sors of some clothing and a few dollars,
some of the men having only 15 cents
coming to them. Some will return to
the naval militia, bu.t not many.
The officers who were on the tugs, hav
ing been commlsloned from the naval mi
litia, are, with the exception of Lieu
tenant Gunn, on shore leave. In a short
time they will be mustered out. Lieu
tenant Gunn is still in charge of the af
fairs of the auxiliary navy.
The Iroquois, one of the auxiliary
navy, is to be used as a tender at Mare
Island; the Vigilant will be used as a
tender to the Pensacola when she is
placed at Goat Island as a training ship,
and the Active is to be used as a tender
on Puget Sound. The armament has
been taken off each of these vessels.
■ The Marion is at this time in charge
of Lieutenant Dennis. The drills are be
ing kept up on the vessol and on shore
by the men of the two divisions at this
port.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The following were the Internal Rev
enue collections for the month of August:
Lists, $43,47» 87; beer, $109,573 65; fruit spir
its $27,156 SS: grain spirits, $34,482 03; ci
gprs $14,611 48; cigarettes. $1653 60; snuff,
$2(i 4fi; tobacco, $3766 29; specials. $24,718 18;
playing cards. $44 42; exports, $6 30: im
ports $17 796 08; documentary. $51.919 38;
proprietary, $19,461 85; total, $348,696 17.
Federal Referees.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed the following- ref
erees in bankruptcy: William A. Coulter
for Santa Clara County, Charles A. Bliss
for Sacramento County, and Frank W.
Smith for Shasta County. Their bonds
were fixed at $1000 each.
*••_■'■■ ADVEBTISEM2NTS. . ..;
B-B-F-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
I - - ■, . - < ; ; ; ; ' ' ■ .: -" . ■ '' ■
\ CITY OF J||| PARIS :
B . — « b
■\ DRY GOODS COMPANY. 1
B W
T DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. J
" MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, we will offer special induce- j
B merits on the opening of the fall trade. . ?•
II ■' ' t " In all grades of Blankets (our own make). B
1 WHITE BED SPREADS (our own importation). _
| ■ * COMFORTERS, in all qualities. j ■
B „ BLANKETS for bath robes. ■
I TRAVELING RUGS suitable for Golf Capes. . I
" SHEETS and PILLOW SLIPS in all sizes in Hemmed and H. S.— Best B
"X'^-r: ■■;-. -'■■.' •!,"/: grades only. - • , X
, H. S. LINEN SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. ' ■
w.. Still further reductions in our odd lot COMFORTERS from 50c upward, g
I TABLE LINENS, one of our great specialties. [
■ We carry the finest stock in the city, either in goods by the yard, In m
| cloths, or sets. |.
J Special line just opened in H. S. CLOTHS AND SETS at lower prices B
I . than ever offered before In this city. ■ I
l TOWELS of every description at popular prices, in Huck, Damask, "
g • : Christy's Turkish, Cash's Tape and Diaper, etc., etc. g
B COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. - ■
f CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, T
B SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. -. ■ ■•. *.
I UNION SQUARE. "I
M-B-B-n-B-B-B-B-B-B-g-B-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-a
Model No. 22
CLEVEtAI
BICYCLES
NOW Will You
Ride a Cleveland?
LEAV ITT & BILL
309 LARKIN STREET, S. F.
20 SAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
***•*•****•*•*•*•********.
t WILLOW BASKETS. J
J "__jL PRICES WAY DOWN. *
X ||fPi|p3 A new line of Wast» Baskets, *
* Wf^itß Nursery B*«ket«, Flower Bask- *
* Eft *355 ets *° d Wori: Stands in * Do ? *
* fv^rl shapes and designs. *
M lL^v»/J3 WASTE BASKETS )f
X RyTnll 40( '. Boc, COc and 75c ♦
i TNjfVvk nursery BASKETS.... _ *
'ifLj&jlJi 10c to ?1 25 ji.
* tfe&sOil&k FLOWER "BASKETS 1
* nfIIEFBH 2&r t0 ril ' Z.
► * tianftS' *-> WORK stands ... : . . . . . . ?
•t' iiig ...:..$1 25 to. s3 50 *
- Y~"& We send out-of-town orders ?
M: iJ , . -' . promptly. ■ ;.. -. J
i WILL &. FINCK CO,, >
J. 821 Market street, San Francfsco. )f
♦^♦^^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦# ♦**♦#*♦*♦**
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS PRICE.'
7^c Gallon
O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
" Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
33 Market St., S. F.
*t imi !>■■ rupture.
«Bf\JL/ r <*' USE NO MORE IRON
/XBlSS&faz&SSsfr Hocps or Steel Springs
'■■ H-"^"JBfl»|jyTOP~^ Rupture retained with ease
n^^ffiir^K. nn< 3 comfort, and thousands radi-
i M ?Mk cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
! a /JM Magnetic Elastic Truss. C?" Call at
\^T office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
&Co.jf%?>^
V4B^33U MARKET
One of the New York institutions which deservea well of tha
public and is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Homo
Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15
West 42d Street for several years. " This Bureau does not dispenso
medicines," said the manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to bo
conceded that Ripans Tabules are a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physician*
assure us that the formula is excellent,"
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Fxecntor, Partition
Sale, Administratrix and
Miscellaueons hale
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER I2TH, 1898
At 12 o'clock lE.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY STREET
The following: properties:
REFEREE RALE.
Dunn Estate.
The four following properties, by order of Gustavo H.
U tnbsen, sole referee of the Dunn estate : •
First-No. HO Minna Rtreet, X. W. line, 396 feet N. E.
of Third street, thence H. E 2SiBO feet : rents «S2.
Second— 9. W. corner of Page and Oot»Tia streets:
40x87:6; 2 2-story and basement bay-window houses of
8 rooms and bath rach : brick foundation ; rents *58.
Third— lmjirov«mcnts and lot, ">9:CxBO feet; situate
N. E. corner of Minna and New Montcomrry streets ;
fronting 80 feet on New Montgomery street ; rents 8100.
Fourth— Lot situate K. W corner of Sanchez and
Duncan streets ; west 80x114 feet.
J. S. HOLIIDAT "ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
S.E. corner of Haight and 'Rtelner streets; 3-story
building; store and concrete basement and 2 upper
floors and two 2-story and basement bay window bouses ;
rents £120 per mouth; a good business corner; £6:3x72.
PARTITION SALE.
No. 521 Birch avenue, between Octaria and lagans
streets ; 2 flats and lot 25xG0 feet.
ELLEN McPORTLAND ESTATE.
By order of the Administratrix.
No. 147 Collins street, near Geary street; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and lot, V5x120. ■ .
ELEGANT MANSION.
■ Northeast corner of McAllister and. Scott streets;
elegant modern residence of 13 rooms, bath, laundry,
brick foundation, etc ; fine views ; 30x100.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Nob. 355-7 Fell street, between Gough and OctaWa
streets; 2 flats and cottage; rents «46; 27:6x120; 2
frontages. - .-•*.*;
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Northeast corner of 27th and Guerrero streets; 27x100
with an L 20x50; stable on Ml of lot.'
.. BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner of Geary street, or Point Lobes
arenue and Parker arenue ; lot 31x4'iil2S. ~ ' .-„-,
PARTITION SALE. Z;;t jV^;
No. 3383 22d street, between Valencia and Gnerrero
streets ; 2-story bay-window residence of 6 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; stone walks ; street accepted"; •
25x114:6. : .
:, MISSION COTTAGE. • ,
No. 1215 Alabama street, near 24th street cable road;
cottage of 5 rooms ; rents 810 ; 26x100. . ' ; :
CLAY STREET INVESTMENT. ; .
Nos. 1507-3 Clay street, between Hide and Larkjn
streets; double 2-story and basement bay-window
bouse of 8 rooms and bath ; brick foundation, etc.;
could be converted into 6 flats at small-outlay ; .7:6x71.
£OUTHSIDE INVESTMENT. _;.V--"-
• Na. 3 Zoe place, off Folsom street, between BeaJe and
Fremont streets ; 2 tenements of 5 and 4 rooms ; rent* ;
»22; 23x50. ; .
Further particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully given
at our office. ; M
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneer*. '
14 Montgomery Street.
oocoo oo oooooooocoo.
c w PALACE w 2
% GRAND i*9lMk2%
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
J* Connected by a covered passageway. : •
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached.. 0
O All - Under One Management. O
0~-Sy& NOTX THE PRICES: • Q
©European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward rt
American P1an. 53,410 per day and upward
0 ■ . "• Correspondence " Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. XIBSPATHICK. Manager. Q
aooooooooooo o oo ooa
1112
6AN I RANC'SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CaJl. corner or Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFE-tcES— 527 Montgomery (treat.
corner Clay; open unt n 9:3 0 o'clock.
Ha >' r ./fl street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
" p , Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
1.61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
%mUI 9 o'clock.
JO6 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
SG26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open unti! 9 o'clock.
CHI'RCH NOTICES.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
."i\e. and Sacramento St. — Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D., pastor. Rev. E. H. Jenks, co-
t>a«;tor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11 a.
in. Monthly praise service at 7:45, address
on "Heroism" by Dr. Mackenzie. Sunday-
echool at 1^:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p.
m. Junior and intermediate societies at 5:30
p. m. All arc "welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
Bion St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Subjwt at 11 a. m., "Our Reasonable Serv-
ice." At 7:30 p. m., "Blood Is Thicker Than
Water; or. God's Call to England and Amer-
ica. " Sunday school. 1 p. m., Mr. R. V.
Watt, superintendent. Christian Endeavor,
6:15 p. m. Seats free. All Invited. This Is a
peoples church. Class meetings, Sunday,
t'.'-.ZO a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Prayer and praise
service Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. Open quar-
terly conference Monday evening, 7:45. Dr.
W. W. Case, presiding elder.
KMl'Sii.N Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at H a. m.. "The Blessed Unity," and
at ~a:< p. m. "Russia's Autocrat as the Ser-
vant of the Prince of Peace. " Sunday-school
at 12:30 p. m., C. H. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth League meeting ;it t1:45 p. m. Prayer
meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
The public cordially invited to all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers in
attendance.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post st.,
pear Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7 .!.'. p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Rev.
V It. Cherington, D.D.. pastor, will preach
morning and evening; morning subject, "Our
Father, ' first In a series of sermons on the
Lord's Prayer; evening subject, "Sincerity of.
Worehlp." The public cordially invited.
THIRD c, ngregatlonal Church. Fifteenth St..
between Mission and Valencia— Rev. William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. The pastor will preach morning and
evening; morning, "The People's Homes";
evening, "Who Wrote the Bible?" third in
scries of Sunday evening sermons.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject,
"This Sickness Is Not Unto Death, but for
the Glory of God." Services every Sunday at
n.ite Hall, N. 5. O. W. building, Mason
Bt.. between lost and Geary. Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
1 st st.— Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
We believe in God the Eternal Father, and
his son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost;
that God will reveal his word to man to the
end of time; In faith; baptism; repentance;
laying on of hands; in the resurrection of
the body and eternal Judgments.
tidd om ru_>n _>an
DIVINE services will be held by Rev. M. M.
Ooldin on "Th>* Coming of New Year's I>ajr
and the Day of Atonement." at Mo wry' b
Opera Hail, corner Grove and Laguna sty. as '
during the i'(i*t years, with the greatest satis-
faction. Tickets to be had from Rev. M. M. :
Qoldln, 659 Hayes Ft., also on tho following j
Sundays: September 4 and September 11, i
hours 10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 4 p. m , anil all
day Friday. September 16, at the above hall.
Tickets, $1 and $1 80.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home. 643 Howard
st (Methodist), bet. Second and Third, two
m claus Spreckels building— ll a.
m., th-- pastor, Jrhn A. B. Wilson. D.D.. will
preach upon "The Counsel of God Confirmed
to t!ir- Heirs o:~ Promise." Hebrews especially
invited. 7:4.') p. m., sermon by the presiding
elder. Rev. W. W. Case, I'D. Something
very special, the great German singer, Fred-
erii k A. Werth of Los Angeles, will sing trom
Handel's "Messiah" at eu. h service. Miss
Hr-rmliine Lask will s'ng in the morning.
"Star of Eternity" (Lane). Miss Lillian
tfrey, a new singer, in the evening, "Ava
Maria" iMascagni).
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason anl Ellis |
sts.— This afternoon at 3 o'clock, lecture on
"Chrlet in Art." Illustrated by stereoptlcon, !
by l'ostofnce. Inspector James W. Brwin. Solo I
1 y Frederick Purdy. Seats free. Service or
men only. All young men welcome.
FHEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at S o'clock in Frn-
ternal H-ill. Odd Fellows' building. Market
and Seventh sts. To-night. "Have We a j
S.ul?" by Mrs. Alice L. Best. Good music.
Scats free. Lotus circle for children at 2:30
I m. In same building.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood, Lodge No. 7—
(The< sophlca] Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood league.)
Market st —Lecture to-night. "Sin and
Sn.an." Dr. J. A. Anderson: Tuesday night,
"Brotherhood"; Saturday night, "How to I
Conquer Trouble."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
THE third annual convention of the California
State Spiritualists' Association will hold Its ':
closing sessions to-day at Metropolitan
Temple, 10 a. m. General conference meeting,
2 p. m. Essays and short addresses by prom-
inent worker*. Subjects selected 7:30. In-
spiration lecture by Mme. Florence Montague.
Presentation of spiritual phenomena, Mme.
E. Young and Mrs. J. J. Whitney. Excel-
lent music. Admission free.
THE Oakland Psychical Society will adjourn
this evening to the convention at Metropoli-
tan Temple, San Francisco, where Mme.
Florence Montague will lecture.
UME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE holds a meet-
ing at Occidental Hall, 305 L&rkln st., San
Francisco. Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock; no
further notice.
A.T Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society, 909 Market st ;
11. free; 2-8, 10c. Mrs. Sealey. Barkley, Oil-
llngham; all tests; entertainment and social,
ninth anniversary, September 7, 1898.
AT 320 Post St.. Mystic Hall. Mr. and Mrs.
Plunkett. "Mental Therapeutists." will lec-
ture this evening at 8 o'clock. Subject, "Vic-
tory." Free to all.
MRS. D. M. COLBY, removed to 104U4 Va-
lencia St.; trance psychic readings dally ex-
cept Saturdays Notice of circles later.
C. MAYO-STEERS. 1124 Oak; circles Tues-
day 8 p. m.; Thursday 2 p. m. 25 cents; read-
Ings $1. .■ '
2. V. MILLER, etherlallzlng materializing se-
ance; 8 p. m.; 50c 409 Leaven worth st.
TEST circle to-night: every one gets a test.
LEANDER, 313 Eddy. Sittings dally, $1.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S slttlnr<: dally; $1; cir-
cle Friday evening: 25c. 641 Jessie st.
MRS EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mc-
Allister St.; flat No. 1; sittings dally.
MEETING NOTICES.
DOT, DEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. &A. mJ "
M.— Officers and members will assem- __«^
ble at th« Temple THIS (SUNDAY) 'Jt 3f
AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock, to conduct < r^r>
the funeral of Brother WLSON 'F. , WODS-
WORTH of Hooper Lodge No. 72, Nebraska.
OEO. J. HOPE. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. 4; A. M. 0~~
Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- /V_
DAY), September 5, 1898. at S o'clock TkJP
p. m. By order of the W. M. /Vi
L. SCHUMACHER,. SSecretaryy y
I LODGE rooms; all needed accommodations:
927 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 65M. J
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
FOR Irish national flags go to C. J. RARRON.
Painter. 1217 Market st. ■ ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEM A L.E.
REFINED well-educated woman would like
position in wealthy family to take charge of
children or as governess; can teach music;
best references as to character and ability.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Weary Bt.
WORKING housekeeper, very competent, de-
sires position In small family for cooking and
housework; nice cook; wages $12 to $15: best
of references. Address box 178, ; Call office. |
YOUNG girl, can speak German, wishes work
in any kind of store. Please call Monday
and Tuesday at 1821 Green st.
HOUSEKEEPER desires situation Immediate-
ly: best of references. 212 Turk st.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day; washing and Ironing; Is a good
worker. Address 12 Bridge place, off Broadwy.
TRAINED nurse would like a few more en-
gagements: $12 per week. • Address Nurse,
box f.SC. Call. v
RESPECTABLE lady wishes to board 2 or 3
children: ages 3 to S years: : good home;
mother's care. 2829 Laguna; good reference.
AN experienced ' young woman wishes a po-
sition as saleswoman or of flee , work. , 8.,
732 A Grove st. V . • ; ..
SITUATION wanted =by an ! energetic < woman
as working housekeeper. Address S. C, 324
Twenty-ninth st. ./'
WANTED— By an experienced confection clerk,
a position:' willing to take charge of or assist
with books; ; references. -,-. Box 597. Call. ;
AMERICAN woman 1 wishes -situation; la first-
class cook. 952 Mission Bt.' ; . .
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
AN experienced dressmaker, Just arrived from
Boston, Mass., wishes engagements by the
day. Box 599. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes a home in nice family,
where she could assist with work for small
compensation. Box 1709, Call.
AN experienced dressmaker wants a few en-
gagements by the day; good fitter and very
fashionable; $1 day. Address 207 Franklin.
COMPETENT dressmaker on tailor-made
dresses, wishes engagements In families;
terms $1 50 per day; references. 26S Golden
Gate aye.
YOUNG woman wishes light housework; Is
trustworthy; wages reasonable. Call 1005
Capp St., near Twenty-fifth.
GERMAN, woman wishes work by the day,
. washing or housecleanlng. 2SO Natoma st.
LADY of refinement wishes position In small
family, light housework: good seamstress;
$15 a month; references. Box 1738, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS. dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements In families; $1 50 a day. MRS.
_ GRAY, 903 Taylor ft.
COMPETENT Swedish girl with good refer-
ences wants second work; wages $20 or $25.
Box 1737, Call office. «
YOUNG lady desires a situation as typewriter
or copyist; wages moderate. Box 1736, Call.
YOUNG, strong German woman, not afraid
of work, wants washing. Ironing, cleaning; $1
and car fare: disengaged Monday, Tuesday.
M., 1133 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING, children's . clothes and all
kinds of plain sewing done reasonable at 79
Clementina st. MRS. DEHNE.
WOMAN wishes to do housework and cooking
In the Mission: sleep home; no Sunday work;
$2 a week. Address A. 8.. 2526 Mission st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in family. 75c per
day. 374$ Harrison St.. near Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG lady wishes work In embroidery; any
kind of fine needlework. Address L., 615 Lar-
kln st. v/
YOUNG hidy will give lessons In music, Eng-
lish branches, In exchange room and board.
Address A., 615 Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT dressmaker would like more en-
gagements by the day; perfect fit guaran-
teed; price reasonable. Address 303% Turk.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of .some experience would
like a position In a doctor's office. Address
MRS. M. C, box 4. Call off.cc.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day.
35S Linden aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or week as
laundress. 403 Grove St.. corner Gough.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
housecleaning; wages $1 per day and car fare
Call or address MRS. McMEEKEN, 507 Birch
aye.
EXPERIENCED lady teacher desires pupils;
English, music, . singing. French.' German:
adults or children; very moderate terms. Ad-
; dress box 183, Call office.
i POSITION wanted by mlddle-ased woman to do
i light housework, or would take care of infant
I or Invalid; city or country. Address M C
£22 Stockton st. .
RESPECTABLE woman with child of one year
i old would. like to ■— t a place to do house-
work. MRS. CHRISTOPH. 2137 Jones St.
POSITION to do housework for two In family-
very competent; wages $25. Call or address
2711 Bryant St.. near -Twenty-sixth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for second work
and mending. 21.'. Clipper ■ st., between
_Twenty-flfth and Twenty-sixth.
YOUNG lady desires a position as companion-
no objection to care of children or sewing.
Room SO, Blake block annex. 516 Uth, Oakland.
WOMAN wants any kind of housework. 1411 A
Folsom st.
GERMAN girl wishes place: general housework
and cooking; $20 or $2.'.. Box ISI. Call office.
WANTED— By competent young woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; wages $20; references. Address House-
keeper, box 364. Uklah. Cal.
YOUNG lady. neat, industrious, de.ilrex a situ-
ation as stenographer, typewriter; will assist
with books, salary $5 per week; references.
Box S. Call office.
REFINED woman, with 14 years' experience
as a teacher In public schools, would like
a position as governess or teacher.* Please
addrers MRS. J. C. KING. Al'imeda. Cal.
MONET on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Washing or hcusecleanlng; $1 50 a
day. Box 31. Call office. 
CHEAPEST' and best in America— The Weekly
Calf. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
SITUATIONS WASTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. (40 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell gt. ; tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
STRONG middle-aped man wishes to learn
trade. Address box 1711. Call office.
PRACTICAL man going to Honolulu would
like to represent firm here in any line; ln-
tegrlty undisputed. Box ISO, Call office.
COLLECTOR— Young man of good adar<.ss;
hits had experience. Box 1714, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by grocery clerk; best of
reference: 7 years' experience. Box 1739, Call.
ABLE-BODIED, trustworthy man, fair pen-
man and quick at figures wants work; office
or store; $7 a week. Box 600. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, competent, responsible, all-
round office accountant desires situation;
bookkeeping, typewriting, etc.; conversant in
German and French; highest local recom-
mendations. Box 170R, Call office.
YOUNG machinist, first-class all-round man,
j wants Job In country or city; have had large
\ experience with mining work and machinery.
• Address box 1756, Call office.
AN experienced dry goods salesman and win- i
dow dresser, at present employed, desires to '
make change; no objection to country. Ad-
dress box 594. Call office.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city or i
country. Call W. S. K. COOK & CO., 615H
Dupont st.
BAKER, good bread baker. . Just arrived,
wishes a place. Box 101. Call office. .
HOUSE and sign painter wishes position with
real estate agent: will take rent as part pay.
Box 1741. Call office.
MAN and wife (German) wish positions In pri-
vate family or milk ranch: experienced: ;
wages moderate. H. S., box 1748, Call office.
RESPECTABLE, steady Swedish coachman, I
thoroughly experienced, desires work In pri- ■
vate family; sober, uses.no tobacco; not ;
afraid of work; neat appearance; many years :
with same employer; very best references. j
Address A. R.. 569 Mission st. ;
EXPERIENCED, reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich family;
active and sober;. best ref. Box 92, Call.
WORK by strictly sober German married en-
gineer, who does firing, pipe-fitting, repair- i
Ing and put up any kind of machinery to full j
satisfaction: city or country. Address Engi-
neer, box 100, Call office. ■
SOBER, middle-aged man wants position In
small hotel •or restaurant as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds. Address A.
8., box 1198. Call office.
JAPANSESE wants a position as schoolboy.
Add? ess TOM, 409 A Post St. '
PRACTICAL and experienced ladies' tailor,
cutter, fitter and designer ; 10 years' cutter
experience; best of references, desires en-
gagements. Box 26, Call. ' ■
AMERICAN -farmer and ' wife want place on
shares or work for wages; best references.
Call or address D., 797H Stevenson,' nr. Ninth.
SITUATION wanted by steady, sober German
' (Catholic), ' care -of horses, milk cows, tend
. garden and do general. work. Box 185, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work.. Ad-
dress box 103, Call office. ■ . -. ;
YOUNG ' man • wishes to learn the blacksmith
trade. 1625 San ' Bruno road.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German ger-
; dener and propagator; can take care green-
house and milk; handy with tools. Address
A. GARDINER. 863 Bryant st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 room*; Me to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $«
week:- convenient i and respectable; fre# 'bat
•nd baggage to and from ferry.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant ay».
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary st— Pastry
cook, city hotel. $35; 2 waitress. . Sonora, ' $20,
free fare; 14 waitresses,, different countr- ho-
tels, (20; 4 restaurant waitresses, country, 25;
5 'waitresses, , city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, s2o; laundress, . country hotel. $20; plain
laundress. institution,, city, $20. ,
2 JEWISH family cooks, $30; cook, American
family. $30; house girl. 3 In family, $25; cook
for Berkeley, : $25; cook : for Berkeley, ■ 3 In
family, $25; house girl, small family, Presi-
dio, 120; French house girl. $25; companion
and light work for lady In country, see party
here 9a. m., $15. C. R. HANSE^ &CO 104
•Geary st. ' . .
WANTED— 2 women to cook for : Institution :
$60 per month. W. D. EWER A, CO.. 626
■ Clay st. :.■",•*.•■ -.• ■ • . ■ ■ ' - ,'■,".- .-
WOMEN and girls: steady work on fruit and
v canning. Callfornian Canneries . Co.;' - Ltd • ■
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth
THE SAJN JTKAtfCISCO CALL, SCJ.VDAX, BJSn'EMBEB 4, 1898.
HKI-. WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG lady as assistant bookkeeper; must
have practical experience, be quick and cor-
rect In arithmetic and have unquestionable
references. C. F. L., 218 California st., r. 7.
WANTED— Party to take charge of Infant dur-
ing day; must have best of care; place for
mother to e'eep; vicinity of Fell. Gough. Oc-
tavia and Waller sts. Apply at 153 Octavla.
GIRL f"r general housework; plain cooking;
family of 3; references. Call at IS2HA Sutter.
.WANTED— Neat woman who understands cook-
Ing and housekeeping; Protestant preferred.
Call Monday, 10 a. in. to 1 p. m., at 4118 Van
Ness aye.
NEAT woman; cooking and housekeeping;
Protestant preferred. Monday from 10 to 1,
at 4118 Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED ironers on flannel overshlrts.
109 Battery St., upstairs.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; gofd sewer.
540 Ellis st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework. In-
quire at 1420 Putter St.. ft to 12.
EXPERIENCED hands nr apprentices for Et-
tlnger Trimming Manufactory, 723 Market st.
YOUNG woman wanted for housework; sleep
at home. Apply at 509 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts, at GREENE-
BAI'M. WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
GIRL. FVencfc preferred, to do housework for
3 and mind baby. 41S Powell st.
WANTED— Good seamstress; must understand
dressmaking; $1 per day. Apply Sunday. 340
Page st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on vesta. 956 Mission st.
TAILORESS on custom coats. 335 Sixth st.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the only successful school of Its
kind on the coast; we teach the cutting, mak-
ing, trimming and fitting of styll-h hats and
dresses; all are invited to visit our school;
patterns cut to order, 25c up: pupils work for
themselves; positions free. 113 Post st.
WANTED— GirI about IS years old to take care
Of child. Apply 2450 Howard St.. Monday
afternoon, b»tween 2 ftnd 4; Meep h-ime.
MISS OILLIGAN. dressmaking and cloak-mak-
ing school. 223 Grant aye.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 36U, Fr«munt St.
MANAGING waitress for restaurant. Address,
with first-class references, P. O. box 1025,
Alameda.
ELPERLY woman to take charge of children
3 or 4 days a week. 2912 Twenty-first St.
LITTLE girl to take care of baby. Apply 2212
Pine st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant ava.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 lost.
IllM.r WANTED— MALK.
EVERYBODY read~the San Francisco Even-
ing Daily Report as that paper contains In
its want columns the employment agents'
alternoun advertisements. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Painter, city work. $2 a day. MUR-
KAV & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE sawmills and woods
Half lar» paid
For 25 common laboring men for the woods of
a large Aawinlll company, $26 and found, to
go Monday. Call early. MURRAY &
READY, t.34 and f,M Clay et.
LABORERS wanted 10 laborers
For Mendoclno County, $26 and found; 10
laborers to work for a large company, near
city, $30 and found: 20 teamsters and ranch
hands, $25 and found; railroad teamsters. $25
and found and free fare; hay balers and
ranch hands; stone masons, $4 20 a day;
trimesters and laborer*-, city and country;
farmer and wife; young Swiss to wash milk
cans. .■;: and found. MURRAY & READY,
G34 and C 36 Clay ft.
WANTED— for hotels 2 waiters, $30 and
found; waiters, 5-5 and $20; second cooks, $35
to $40 and found and $7 a week and board;
lunch cooks, $35 and found; waiters for the
mines, $25 and found; cooks. $50, $40, $35 and
$30. MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
GRAPE pickers Grape pickers
25 men and strong boys to pick grapi s for
vineyard and winery. MURRAY' &. READY,
634 and 636 Clay Ft.
FOR Id mday morning
A gang of teamViers, Coast rood, free fare;
A gang of laborers. Coast road, free fare,
for the front at «urf, ship 7 o'clock; 25 2-
hurse scraper teamsters, new work, nortti,
long job Free fare;
15 laborers, railroad work, free fare; 1000 la-
borers and rockmen for Alaska and Hr.th«h
Columbia; write uk or call for particulars;
10 swampers, $3."> and board; 10 yard laborers,
sawmills. $26 and board; 40 laborers for an
Irrigation company, south, $20 and board, long
job; 3 scraper teamsters, near city. $1 and
board; milker, $25; 10 laborers, quarry, $1 75;
laborers for a mine. $1 60 to $2 50 a ■ 1 a y .
steady Jib. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. U>4 Geary.
SHAMI'IiOEH f.r baths. north, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, bakery, $35; night cook, camp, $">; fry
cook, $40; cook, boarding-house, $30; pot-
washer. $30; 2 hotel pot washers, $20 each; 5
waiters, country, $25. for different commer-
cial hotels; 2 hotel waiters. $30; hotel baker,
$35; baker. $10 a week; vegetable man, $25;
third cook, springs. $35. fare advanced; cook,
$11 a vreok. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
EXPERIENCED nurse, country, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook for hotel, $45; second cook. $60;
broiler. $45; dishwashers, $15 nnd $25; vege-
table man, $20; night waiter, $20; waiter, $35;
young man for ranch, country, $20; carpenter,
city, $35 anil found: office boy, $3 a week;
middle-aged man for offic- work; laun Iryman,
private place, country, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
WANTED— Cook and wife for institution, $60
per month. Apply Monday, W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS rapid operator on coats. 618
Market St., upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS maker. Apply 118 Sixth St.,
millinery store.
WANTED— Boy about 15 for law office; must
reside with parents. Address box 1704, Call.
SHIRT cutters wanted on ladies' wear; must
be experienced. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.,
2476 Bush st.
WANTED— First-class saddle hands to work
on Mexican saddles. J. C. JOHNSON & CO.,
400 Market st.
OFFICE manager In each city and town; $15
week salary' and expenses: position perma-
: nent; stamped envelope for particulars. R.
W. HT'TTON & CO., Philadelphia, Pa.
■ WANTED— Carpenter. California st., . corner
! of Tenth aye,
■ BOY to learn harness trade: state age and give
references; good position for a boy of trust.
Box 1743, Call office.
WANTED — 2 coat and 2 pants makers Imme-
diately. Apply to-day at Oberon, O'Farrell
St.. between 2 and 3 o'clock.
LADIES and gentlemen; light, steady work at
heme. 225 Minna st.
MAN who understands nursery work and will-
Ing to cook for 2 men, $15 per month. 500
Haight st.
STRONG boy for painting; one with experience.
1757 Howard st.
CARPENTERS for house work, long Job, 30
miles from city, see contractor between 12
and 1 to-day, Hancock House, 781 Mission st.
WANTED — 2 young Germans for country fair;
$1 50. Apply 122 Post St.. room 10.
j WAITER. 138 Polk St.
| EXPERIENCED young man; must be thor-
I ough solicitor. 467 Twelfth st., Oakland.
OPERATOR on ladles' tailoring that under-
stands hand sewing. Inquire Sunday, 16 Turk.
SIXTH, 124— A man wanted to work In lodging
house. Call after 9 o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman to superintend large
i ranch; state experience, age, nationality; If
married, what size family; with full partlc-
I ulars as to competency; salary $500 per year.
Box 1703, Call office.
MAN thoroughly understanding manufacturing
Saratoga chips. Golden Gate Manufacturing
Co.. West Berkeley.
NEAT boy to work In dining room and cham-
ber work. 739 Fourth st.
i COMPETENT optician; salary or commission-
i _L* l L wor^-_ 1071 H Market St.. near Seventh.
' MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
t trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
j RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
; rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak
read and write English, and be between 5
i feet 5 Inches and 5 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain; centrally
located; clears over $100 a month; must sell
this week. For particulars address box 40
Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
roomg; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office, s"
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant US.
SEAMEN and ordinary for Australia, coast and
| Europe. 10 Steuart st., offlc* upstairs.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MONEY on diamonds, seaiskins, watches and
_ JJewelryJ JeweIry at UNCLE HARRISES Grant aye.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SVi Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ, 630 Market st., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS, ordinary' seamen, carpenters, coast,
Europe. HERMANS, 26_Steuart.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., hear Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
_room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Elllßjt.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st., neat
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
330 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
COUNTRY agents to sell fine ptatedware; sam-
ple free to reliable parties; send 25c silver to
pay for packing and expressage. Address
Supply Co., San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS for our Incandescent lamp and man-
tels of unexcelled quality at bedrock prices to
dealers. Eagle Lamp Manufacturing Com-
pany, 212 Stockton st.
FOUR canvassers. Apply LEFFLER & RUS-
SELL, 329 Jessie st. _________
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
1155H Washington St.. Oakland. Cal.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH fnr fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel Mint 1904.
H. BAT'M l.uys furniture and general mer-
chand'.se. 1057 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
FLATS WASTED.
2 FLATS north of Market St., 6 to 8 sunny
rooms: rent not to exceed $35; must be flrst-
class In every respect. Address box SSS, Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WIDOWER and daughter wish 2 unfurnished
rooms and kitchen, between Stockton and
I^arkin, Market and Bush sts.: $8; references
given. Address box PS. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man wants young rrv>mmate; appor-
tionment low; state age. Address E. S., 1941
Mission st.
BY single man, board and room: private Ger-
man or Scandinavian family. Box 17U1, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A 25-horse power engine In good
condition; give full particulars and best price .
f. o. b. cars, San Francisco. Address R. R.,
box 1706, Call office.
WANTED— I or 2 horse gasoline engine, perfect
order and cheap; give particulars. NAPA
MACHINE WORKS. Napa.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art.— Special
life classes have been formed for women, i
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even- j
Ings. $5 per month or $IK per term:; antl'iu^
classes. $5 per month or $10 per t?rm: day i
classes, 5 days per week. $10 per month or
$37 51 per term: Saturday class. $12 per term, j
For further particulars apply at school build- i
ing. corner Mason and Pine sts , to J. H. j
MARTIN. Secretary. !
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Eook- :
keeping, business practice. : horthand. iyp- j
Ing, telegraphy, lancruages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur- !
veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892 : catalogue.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches nnd special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach^lTeweTl Perry. Ph. 8.. F°l-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Chann'.n* "way, Berkeley ;wrlt.i for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1864 VAN DER NAILI .SN. 9?3 Market.
LAW SchoolF-San Francisco, Xl Market St.;
Oakland, Jl6 Broadway; day and night.
SPANISH school; dally lessons, $3 a mo.; 4 to
'■ p in Room 10. V M C. A building.
ENGLISH branches taught by young lady;
terms rsasonable. Address box 1707, Call.
PARIS exhlbtion: rapid Fr°nch. or German or
Spanish In five weeks. 230 Haight St.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lcipclc; lessons 75 cents. 110 Hyde St.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
tion.*: correct and natural method. 93d flush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness ay».
ELOCUTION ami oratory; F. Cooke Cnldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg, 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1231 Bush.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Crfil. Pent to any address In the United I
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage j
paid.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-haißl machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TO tailors-1 Wheeler & Wilson machine, No.
8; French-plate standing mirror; large cut-
ting table; tailor gas stove and work tables.
Apply at 515 California et.
PARLOR organ, horse and cart; In good con-
dition. 3244 Harrison St., near Preclta aye.
GREAT sacrifice — I^arge stock of elegant ladles'
stage wardrobe. 1010 Geary st.
COW; fresh 2 weeks; rich milk; gentle. 2214
Alßmeda aye., Alameda.
GREAT Dane and St. Bernard pups; prize
pedigree; St. George. 120 Douglass St.. be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
FOR SALE— Several fine setter dogs. Address
__P. CUSHE, 126 Guttenberg st.
FIRST-CLASS incubator, baby cnrrlage and
Western washer. 117 Colllngwood st.
BOOKS, albums, Bibleß, etc. 15c a week. Sun-
set Book Agency, 309 Sixth st.
FOOT- POWER lathe for wood and Ivory turn-
Ing with chuck and tools: cheap. 1 Becker
St., off Taylor, below Sutter.
FINE road cart cheap, or will trade for shot-
gun. 712 Vermont st.
D<>UHLE-BARRELED shotgun and 22-callber
parlor rifle for sale cheap. Corner Filbert and
Flllmore sts.
LADY'S sealskin Jacket for sale; almost new.
Address box 53. Call.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, etc.,
new, 2d-hand. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
NEW handsome 16-feet quartered oak bar and
back bar; bargain. 518 Bush st.
HARP, American Improved, five octaves, ele-
gant tone and finish. $75; professional mando-
lin, $12. Call or address Harp, 841 Telegraph
aye., Oakland.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc.; sec-
ond hand; cheap. S6S Folsom St.. nenr Fifth.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
80. 000 FEET 2d-hand lumber; rustic and floor-
Ing: 15th. near Mission: old buildings bought.
F. J. FRENCH. Royal House. 126 Ellis st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $T. per doxen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-052 Market.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021- 102S
Mission st., above Sixth.
J. R POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cr^» 109-111 Market. S. F.
K\VI\G MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 4i
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest r^es. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bid*?, 927 Mar^
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, otty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. PAVIDSON. 927 Martlet st.
CLAIRVOYANTS. !
OMAR.
OMAR. * OMAR. _.„
OMAR. OMAR. OMAR.
— CARD TO THE . PUBLIC- —
Since my arrival in San Francisco many
cheap pretenders have in various ways tried
to Imitate me. Some are even brazen enougn
to copy my. advertisement, and. In this way
mislead the public. ... -
; REMEMBER
OMAR can do all he advertises. No ! fee taken
In advance, and nothing unless ' you. are per-
fectly satisfied. •He guarantees to tell full
names, dates, facts, etc., in all cases.
If you . have been deceived by . others don't
despair. Call and see the
— RECOGNIZED LEADER^— — I
RECOGNIZED LEADER
OF THE' PROFESSION.—
OMAR OMAR
825— EDDY STREET—
THE— . .
OCCULT WONDER — ■
—OMAR— OMAR— OMAR-OMAR
325— EDDY STREET— 32S
RECOGNIZED AS THE LEADER
' -OF—
CLAIRVOYANCE "AND OCCULT SCIENCE.
MARVELOUS TESTS -'
SKEPTICS CONVINCED
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER—
—Name of ■ Your Sweetheart •or ■ Husband
Tells what you call for. ,
E-V-E-R-T-T-H-I-N-G.
SOCIAL, BUSINESS AND , DOMESTIC LIFE
REVEALED.
Do you want to win your lawsuit?
Do you wish to win the love and affection
of any one?
Do you want to gain the friendship of some
one for a purpose? .
Does another share the love and attention
that should belong to you?
Do you wish to have more Influence over your
husband, wife or any one?
Do you wish to be more successful In busi-
ness?..
Are you married to one you do not love a-nd
wish to be free? and '
Do you want to win the love of another? ,
Do you want to cure some one of drunken-
ness?
Do you want the evil influences over you re-
moved ?
Do you want luck and success In business?
Do you want to have your domestic troubles
removed ?
Do you want to Influence any one in social,
business or domestic life for your own personal
benefit?
Do you want to Influence some one In a busi-
ness enterprise? ; .
Do you want your life made happier, more
contented and have the obstacles pointed out,
and to be shown how you can overcome them?
Do you know that your WISH and OBJECT
in life CAN BE OBTAINED, and you can be
shown how to overcome all obstacles that keep
you from ■ happiness ; and success? -
There Is no life so wrecked or blighted, no
heart so sad and lonely,' no home so dreary and
sad. no ' condition of . circumstances so com-
plicated or Incomprehensible that cannot.be set
aright and kept after a visit to this inspired
medium of modern times. . -.
If In doubt or trouble or adversity see OMAR.
He can help you. V . i ':-^'. t : ''-~ J .f. ■•;'■'"-'■
OMAR guarantees success In all the above
OR MONEY REFUNDED.
WRITE FOR SPECIAL TERMS. *'•';".
: OMAR NEVER FAILS —
HE UNITES THE SEPARATED,
— BRINGS ABOUT SPEEDY AI*D HAPPY —
— : j : MARRIAGES — — :
GUARANTEES SUCCESS OR MONEY RE-
FUNDED.
LOCATES BURIED TREASURES, MINES,
MINERALS, ETC.
If you wish to be more successful, to have
your domestic troubles removed, your lost love I
restored. In a word whatever is your wish or
desire, call or write and OMAR will show you I
how to overcome all trouble and gain happi-
ness, prosperity and success.
— i REMEMBER — '-—-
OMAR HAS NO EQUAL IN —
OCCULT WORK^
i He has visited East India, Slam, Burmah,
and. In fact, every place on the globe where
he could learn something pertaining to CLAIR-
VOYANCE and OCCULT work. He is familiar
with all the secrets of the Mahatmahs of India, i
who are the leaders -In occult science. He Is
possessed of knowledge : which makes him the
SUPERIOR of any medium In America, and
HE GUARANTEES TO MAKE YOU SUC-
CESSFUL IN THE MOST INTRICATE CASES
WHERE ALL OTHERS HAVE FAILED. . .
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED
LETTERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED
PERFECT SATISFACTION '
GUARANTEED OR NO FEE ACCEPTED.
Located permanently. . Private .. residence.
Separate parlors for ladles and gentlemen. All
business sacredly confidential.
■ ' . ; ■■ ■ ?
PROF. M. OMAR,
325 EDDY STREET— 32S
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK," the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while - en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery.
in life; she will show you how :to ■ overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: : unites " the ; separated, recov-
1 era lost, ; stolen or buried ' property, locates
t treasures, minerals; • tells your entire life,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. , Send • stamp for cir-
cular with . special terms. : MRS. DR. ,F.
1 CLARK, ; rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, , opp. «th.
MME. PORTER, - wonderful : clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
60c; gents $1; palm, andcls.tr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, 1 card reader and
palmistry, truth or no pay, 25 and j5O cents.
324V4 Seventh st. • - : -<V'"
MME. ' HANSON. - palmist, " card reader; - past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; ladies
, 25c. gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. near. Sixth: .
YOUR future told : by cards for 25 cents. 221
■ Sixth St.. . ;*■ ••>:/■-; . ..
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrology. 34
, Sixth St., room 8... , 1
MME. EXODUS, clairvoyant, removed to ; 138
Sixth st.; fee 50c.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. ,73 Fourth St., near Mission. v :
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice ; names given; 25c » up. ; 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. i RAMONDI— Your ■ fortune told by
chlrography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 1.
MRS. B^i BAUMANN, the \ well-known : fortune
telle:-. has opened an of flee at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
, band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. ; :
627 MONTGOMERY, ! cor. Clay-Open until 9.50
o clock; branch office of The Call. , Subscrip-
tions and want ads - •■■»n. .;' . ■ ; .. ■ .■
. ; SPIRITUALISM. ; : V
R n S H "jT^T" l^ l^ T^neTle^inedium
and life reader;ialso. medical clairvoyant:
treats with : revealed remedies: r removes can-
cer without = pain; treats all diseases; private
: sittings II; :by letter $2. ,:■ Office. 232 Stockton
MRS - SHAFFER, test and ■ business ' medium:'
, sittings dally. 212% Sixth st. ■-■-. . .
**, FHAN ,?^?', indTpend^nFslate-writlnß me-
dlum. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 23* Valencia st. ; read-
- ings, SI; dr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.; Moo. 8; »c. j
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continned-
ATTENTION!
Know Thy Fate.
Your Destiny Foretold
By
The World's Greatest —
CLAIRVOYANT
And Exponent of ■
The Occult Sciences.
PROFESSOR~h7 ROMAINE.
The Oriental Seer,
LATE OF INDIA.
All His Patrons Are Delighted
And Pronounce His Work —
INAPPROACHABLE.
The fact that Professor Romalne has been
prominently before the public for fourteen con-
secutive years, and stands to-day without a
stain or blemish upon his reputation. Is the
best evidence that couM be offered In proof of
pure motives and honest mtthods In business
dealings.
"THEY THAT STAND HIGH
HAVE MANY BLASTS TO SHAKE THEM."
Professor Romaine has stood the storm of In-
vestigation, inspired and prosecuted to the end
by the leading scientists of the present age;
has calmly and patiently borne the treacherous
blasts of envy and Jealousy, and he Is firmly and
Irresistibly intrenched in the hearts of his fel-
low citizens. This honor, this knowledge he
prizes more than gold.
Fully recognizing the power conferred upon
him, his aim has been to refine, develop and
uplift It to that degree of scientific accuracy
that Its benefits may devolve to the advance-
ment of humanity.
His claims to recognition are based upon
overwhelming evidence. He does not make
them In the spirit of a braggart, but in all due
modesty Is fully confident of his ability to
verify the truth of his assertions.
Professor Romalne' s readings are always cor-
rect and satisfactory. So sure Is he of his
power to accomplish all that he undertakes that '
; he oftentimes awaits results before asking com- i
I pensntion for his services. He holds flattering I
j testimonials from prominent residents of this
city, and Indorsements from eminent people and
the press from all parts of the world, which
are proof positive of his ability and slnoerlty
of purpose.
■ SO EXTRAORDINARY ARE
his marvelous tests of th*
wonders and powers of clalrvoyancy
that they must be witnessed
to be believed ■ .
He tells the full name of every caller.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages
Reunites the separated in seven days
Locates buried treasures In five days
Locates mines and valuable ores
Recovers old estates and valuable papers
Removes evil Influences, bad habits, etc
Gives good luck in all your undertakings
GUARANTEES SUCCESS
In any of the above work or Money Refunded
Being a Master, He Never Falls.
It Is Not How Much Others Claim
But— What— They— Do
Romalne— Never— Dtiappoints.
If you are unsuccessful, .
Or wish to better your condition
In life, he can help you.
THOSE WHO CANNOT CALL
Send stamp for information.
You ought to know, and
Special terms to
CONSULT BY LETTER.
All business sacredly confidential.—
DO NOT BE DECEIVED BY
Those who strive to
Imitate his work* and
Copy his advertisements.
There— Are— a— Great— Many
Clairvoyants— and— Mediums
But— There— ls— Only— One
PROFESSOR H. ROMAINE.
— The Oriental Seer.
OFFICES: —
1206— market— 1206
——Suite 104, First Floor
Cut this notice out and save It for future
reference; It appears to-day only.
ATTENTION!
250. 26c. 25c. 25c. 25c. 25c. 25c.
A Wonderful Gift Possessed Alone by
DOCTOR FLORENCE DU VALL.
Wrrld-acknowledged authority on palmistry,
occult science and spirit power, who Is In this
city, direct from her permanent headquarters
in LONDON. ENGLAND.
To Show Her Phenomenal Power
Will reduce her lowest fee to
25c FOR ONE WEEK MORE 2fic
Regular fee positively $2 and $3 afterwards.
OIVES FULL NAMES.
She positively guarantees to bring success In
business speculation, etc., gives you lucky days
and numbers, reunites the separated, locates
and gives full particulars of absent ones, re-
stores lost affection, makes happy marriage
with the one of your choice, finds
I lost or stolen articles, locates burled treas-
: ures. cures drunkenness— all within 7 days;
INO FAILURE. Private parlors, 332 Stockton
st. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. OPEN ALL
DAY SUNDAYS.
N. B.— Write if you cannot call, for thou-
spnds have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonder-
ful woman. Consultation by mall is always
most succewTul and satisfactory.
CUT THIS OUT: IT DOES NOT APPEAR
EVERY DAY.
HYPNOTISM
8. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkln st.,
open day and eve, for patients and pupils.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good uprtrht pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; 'bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'B,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A— CHAPPELL upright. $S5. mahogany; Mar-
shall & Wendell upright, $150. rosewood: Gab-
ler upright. $190. rosewood. Chlckerlng agents
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st. '
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAI'VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st. t
NEW organs rented, $1 per month: new pianos
rented. $2 50 per month. BCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A $450 PIANO at a sacrifice for $150 cash at
2906 Mission St.
STEINWAY upright, S pedals, almost newT~a
bargain. 834 Turk st.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Stelnway, nearly
new, $160. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness ay».
GRAND bargain, fine upright cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 606 Jones st.
A-$6O; UPRIGHT; $5 instaTlnjents; other cheap
nlanos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W T . C. HAMILTON. 3J4 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. ISi Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St..
next Hlbernla Rank. SCHMITZ.
1 VABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia rt.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLF.. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARrTaGEsT~
SPRING wagon and double harness for~saleT-
also horse: cheap. 436 Tenth st.
FINK laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 flne top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BICYCLES.
LADIES 1 elegant drop-frame wheel. 3799
Twentieth at., cor. Dolores; call 1 to 5.
1 .ZSH: "'" " new "^ nlgh-grad7l>lcycles
(sold In 1897 for $100) at $23; biggest bargain
. the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH i
HOLLjfc. Twentieth and Fol»om eta. j
I BUSINESS CHANCES. : -
?2COO— GOOD paying family liquor' store;. w*Hb<
S2COO— GOOD paying family liquor store:. 9fimfi
Bell by Inventory: satisfactory reason for-.sell-' j
ing. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market -at .*•.;
FAMILY tea store; full value Jn" -stock* •
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market. *
$300— PARTNER wanted In the millinery -busi-
ness. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st. \
$800— LODGING-HOUSE and saloon, • 20 rooms; .
newly renovated; steady lodgers- and board- ■
era; good location. McLAUGHLIN & C 0.., 771..
Market st. ' . • ..* :-.
$2200 or Gent's furnishing, Oakland; at In- •
voice; clears $150. KREDO & CO.. 22%: Geary.
A—slsoo;A — $1500; corner grocery and bar; value. ln sight-;
$35 to $40 dally. Kredo & Co.. 22%. Geary st '■
A—sl7so;A — $1750; roadhouse near Park; 20 elegantly fur- •
nished rooms; fine bar; $35 dally..' KREDG
& CO. i __ •:•■ ■-•■'•-;
A—sl6oo;A — $1600; meat market and bulldln^'si-long ieas»;.
estab. 10 years; receipts $T.O dally:" rent $10; '
/ chance for practical butcher. KREDO -& CO."
$1600— dru<r store; Invoice $3000; $2-"i daily;
$800 cash. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary ■ st. .
A— DRUG store; Oakland; established. l"oca--
tion; unequaled opportunity; widow left ".with"
It upon her hands; compels sacrifice; ' stock.
$1500 or more; fine fixtures; $1000; make.; offer,
with or without fixtures; fullest Investiga- "
tion. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-."
462 Eighth st., Oakland. ■ . '.■"■;' ' ..
FOR sale— An exclusive branch of one of th«
best bakeries In town, with an Ice cream "
lor attached; line trade; good, living, rooms; :
cheap rent;. must sell on account- of .sickness; .
books open for inspection; no agents. . At}--
dress box 1750, Call office. ' . ;. " ;
ALASKA party owning bark Agate. and "pro-
visions • for 2 years, will sell " shares worth ■
$500 for $350, or take 15 per cent • of . profits..
Address PETERSON, box 1713, Call office. ■■■
WANTED— buy a good paper route- lease.
by an experienced, responsible party; good
security; city or country. Box 592,; Call office^
LIQUOR store and wine house: central lo- ■
cation: will sell fixtures without .stock- If 'de- "
sired; low rent. Box 1740. .Ca1l office. •
RESTAURANT; must rent or sell-} . cheap; .*•
owner going East; first-class fixtures: cor.
j First and Franklin. 560 Franklin at". -Oakland-. ■"
! $250— SICK man must sell commission, an.l •
realty business: guarantee $100. month. Box ■
13. Call office. Oakland. " ■■ ■•. "- ' ■ ■'.
CALL or send 12c for reliable marriage paper.
Address "Wedding Bell," 111 Ellis at.. S. F. .
BARGAIN; $700; first-class saloon for 'sale s-
good location. C. 8.. box 1751. Call office. ■ .
SALOON, cigar store; low rent;' together or .
separate. Restaurant, 217-219 Pine' st. " .'.- .
BONANZA for right party: old-established sa-
loon: good fixtures, etc. 211 Grant aye. ;. ■ :
INFLUENTIAL man to take .hold, of antlgas- .
escaping burner. Address box 1745, Call.. '• . ■
SHOEMAKER shop for sale; good location;. all-. :
complete. 433 Turk st, corner Larkln. ' .■•.•.•.. '
A— ssoo; SALOON opposite new ferry; .-bargain.- . '
Address box 1746. Call, office. :•■ ■-.*: ; '■■ ■•
$50 FOR a good business. G. C. TERRY, 539 •
Pacific st. . . ••..-••••■.•■■. •-."'
FAMILY liquor store; corner: central-; estab- *.-
lished for 12 years; doing fine business; will ;
be sold reasonable: retiring from ■business..
Owner, box 998, Call office. " .- " , : ■ ■" " , ••'
PHYSICIAN would like to hear of country: lo- :
cation: druggists and others might re-ply* Box. .
184. Call office. . ■*■ -- ,' , ' ". '
$300— PARTNER to attend office in established
business; big profits. Box 1199, Call " : of flee." -'
WANTED— Young lady partner cook; • French •
or Italian preferred. 812 Larkln st. - "'.'..
PAPER route for sale. Particulars at 560 How-
ard st. ' " ;
HOTEL for sale; 45 rooms furnished: excel-,
lent condition; lease given or :would sell'
whole property; owner will sell cheap on ac-
count of sickness; terms cash, or exchange
other real estate. 7th and Franklin. Oakland.
$1500 WILL buy a 26- room hotel: 2-story.- hardr. .
finished and furnished: new windmill • arid' ■
tank; lot 75x150 goes with building. . Call at
256 Third st ■
CORNER grocery and bar In Mission;
present owner there seven years. Address ■'
Grocery Store, 868 Folsom st. :.-'-■ '
MEDICAL practice, drug store, horse; buggy,
office furniture: liberal discount. Address
box 14, Call office.
■ . ■
GROCERY and tar: south of Market St.; doing .'
good business; will sell at Inventory. Box
22. Call office. ' . •-.";..
HYDRAULIC gravel mine; free water year .
• round ; easy terms. Room 414, Examiner bids. .'
GLOVES, feather and clothes cleaning;
cash business ; established 5 years. 154 Octavla.".
FOR sale below Invoice, paying dispensary; ex-
cellent location. Room 11. Spring Valley Mdjr. w
BUSINESS among ' wholesalers for pushing .
man; $275. 122 Davis St., room 13. - .-
SAN BRUNO Restaurant for sale. 2626 Twenty- ■
fourth St. • ; .' .'
WANTED— buy a gent's wheel on .the in- ..
stallment plan; must be cheap. Box 114, Call. :
STATIONERY store of 20 years' standing-;. .1' ■
block from school. Apply Call office. - ' ' .- ; •'.
GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open : -
for Inspection. Apply northeast corner Page
and Octavla sts., or CURTIN & BEALS; " .
Mills building; third floor. . ." . . "
$200 CASH— Restaurant; good location;' manu- •'•
facturing district; cheap rent; clearing $60".
to $75 per month; • no agents. Address box :
32, Call office. -.*... .*;. .:
FREMONT Bazaar, 1787 McAllister, rir. Baker: •
opp. Fremont School; no opposition;- exclu- •
sive trade of large school. Inquire premises. .'. ■
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and : .
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS'-. 15 Grant aye: - .
LONG established drug store In West- ;
crn Addition; good business for druggist who *■
would attend his store. Apply Call office.- ■ .
GOOD bakery, only store trade; cash -business: ,;
good location; fine chance for baker. For par-, -.
ticulars apply this office. " ■''..'■ :
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment;- i.:
and 2 bowl barber waehstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ■ ." " " * ." "=
SMALL restaurant for sale. 324 Larktn at; ':■:
___ -— - ;
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. -For*. par-.-.
ticulars apply at Call business office. .; .."• y. ."
COFFEE and tea routes supplied • from GEO. "
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento .stj:; .-.;
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of •" The Call;
Subscriptions and ads taken. '•. ' -..■ -- '-. ■".-• .-
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE;/:. * "
A— 74 rooms* south of Market st. ; f1ne:..:..-..54;000.
31 rooms; transient; Market st.-...: ..- '..,-• 950- .
15 rooms; select: transient: c0rner. ......v '-3QO:-.
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel.. ■;-..,. .'. IS*). ■
F. C. HYDE & CO., successors to .-'Roger*--.-.
& Hyde. 1206 Market st. ■'.■..'; '':..■ ■
A— 26 ROOMS; rent $50; near Baldwin Hotel; •:
call this week. F. C. HYDE & CO., 'sue- •" = :
cessors to Rogers & Hyde, 1206 Market- st. ':'■'■
110-ROOM house; only .....:. .';..:.;' "
8-rjom house; new furniture ...-i., 325 -.
28-room house; clears $150 ......... ........... "K>oo. ■■
16- room house; easy payment 5................ -SCO ..
24-room; sunny corner; only ...■...'.■..'..-.■' 750 -. ;
60-room; clears $300 ..;....,.. ':....- ■.'
8-room flat: very good ;..-.„.. :6Q?-.
40-room house: sure to clear $250. .-....'. — -.3000: ••;
50 other houses; 4 to 300 r00m5..".. .-.sloo 16.6000-' ,
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, .Fifth;' ..-
A— KREDO & C 0.... GEARY . ST. ; ..
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary st. air- ■■. " •
new; clears $60 monthly: must .:..-.-..•5 1 800
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central .and ' ' .".
desirable; clears $100 month.: ...;".:.. '-.1200. ■"-.
22 rooms: newly papered; good furniture; •"• : -•
$300 cash; balance time  ".. .*-...,-,.". .*-. . . ,-, ." '600 ."
50 rooms; best on Geary st. ; clears ".slso;- '•'
nothing better ever offered '....- .'.;• 2000." '■•
Several large houses to exchange for. realty-. ■
Many others too numerous to mention.^ .. ■•'•..••
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. " ; ' " '.. •';.. ' "•
Money to loan on furniture, ' 2^4 per cent:- . • '
32 rooms: 2 corners; trade for 10t...'.:!'..'5i200
45 rooms; rent $75; north of Market-.. ',:.; isoo--' ■
60-room hotel; rent $100: corner... .•.■.•4369'
OAKLAND— First-class family rooming' house
partly furnished: clears $120 a month, c Ad- '
dress postofflce box 71. Oakland.. '• " . '
LODGING house for sale cheap, or might ex-
change. Room 414, Examiner building. '.■■-:■." ■
FURNITURE FOR SALE, / . ■
SECOND-HAND furniture for sale. ' 1623 ;Lcav-""; Lcav-""
enworth st.- . ". / ■ ■•.-.'••':
6- ROOM flat, brand • new . furniture, -for" sale.
Call forenoons, at 1711 Scott st. ■ ■. .' '■"•'. ;..
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cteans.. :
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN'S." .Mgr., "
3$ and 40 Eighth st; telephone. South" ?50.< . ."
WHEN you become disgusted ■ with .poor • work. .
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- •
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S." 49.; ..
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning- Co., ' 4;3
Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates/ 1 ■■;.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at, 3c. ,
1 STRATTON,' 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie . 944..- '_- .
J." E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning, Co., 240 : 14th V
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74. . - . -^
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden "
Gate nve. ; tel. ; East 126. . .-• -..
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel: Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. •
STORAGE." -'! -
PIERCE^RUDOLPH StoTage^an^MoVlng' Co; -
,' flee Tenth and Market; telephone South 16*!
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. ; Golden West Stof-
I • age Warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; te!. Mint 13JL •\^ CITY REAL ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO., ' •■ • • . . , ..
.- • ' REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st.
• i«l^ S . SIC)N TAGi:-A BARGAIN.
$900- Price greatly reduced to make imme-
diate sale; cottage of 5 rooms; 25x125; only half
a block from Mission-st. cars.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$1250— A bargain; street accepted by the city;
. -/wi ,-. i 'BOULEVARD LOT.
$1000-Firet aye.; on main drive from Pre-
sidio to the park; 25x112:6; this Is a cheap lot;
street accepted; stone sidewalk.
«i« A n_5 A ? GA l N OX PACIFIC STREET,
i |UH ■-■tonr house of 10 rooms and bath and
lot; rents $276 pa annum; this is a bargain.
«.«™^ A - MISSION FLATS.
$2300— Near Castro and Twenty-fourth-st. car
lines; rents $324 per annum; 2 substantial flats
tlcn^-m rOOmS and bath each: brlCk founda *
,,- , TNVO VERT CHEAP FLATS.
. m, ? ts * 264 per annum; 5 rooms and bath
each; Mission warm belt; 25xSU; street accepted.
: „., CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. -
$110 per foot— Lot any size on the main drive
to the park; street accepted; the best residence
location in the Western Addition.
■ WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— EASY
«•>-•> • TERMS.
*33.io— A small amount cash, the balance same
. a." rent; nice 2-story bay-window residence of
8 rooms and bath, etc.
• MUST BE SOLD. TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
•3SOO— 2-story house of 9 rooms; house alone
worth the .money; could be converted Into flat*
. at very little expense; within a few blocks of
, the City. Hall; 25x100.
- A GOOD INVESTMENT ON WELCH ST.
■ $3.50—4 nearly new flats; brick foundation;
rents $50; 25x75; bargain. •
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
$i000— S0xl06:3; as a whole or in subdivisions:
to Milt.
A NICE RESIDENCE ON WEBSTER ST.
$S«so— neighborhood; 2-story and base-
ment, bay-window residence of 9 rooms and
• bath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x106:3; price has
been greatly reduced.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
in all parts of the city for sale.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
." -'■ . 14 Montgomery st.
, McAfee BROS., • McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
• $58,000— near Jones; large lot; 37:6 x
137:6; fine' 3-story building; doctor's offices on
. first floor and rooms above; rents for $160
month; room to enlarge; an Al investment.
$15.000— Eddy and Buchanan sts. : finely Im-
proved corner; rented for $120 month; lot 37:8 a.
87:6.
• $10,000— Bush, near Powell; a house of 16
large rooms; adapted for good boarding house;
- 1 27:6x137:6; a splendid buy.
Webster ft., near California; a pleas-
ant, comfortable home of 7 rooms; make offer,
owner anxious to sell.
■ $3250— Tenement, near Market St.; lot 25x80
feet; rented for $43 monthly.
$IoCO— Cheap cottage of 5 rooms In Sunnyside
District; lot 50x100 feet.
■ CHEAP LOTS: CHEAP LOTS!
$56i>-Doxll0; W. A.; fine for flats.
$5000—42:6x106; Pacific Heights; view.
$4000—65x137:6; Pacific Heights; view.
$3000—30:6x160; Butter st. ; fine lot.
S3OW— Scott and McAllister sts: cheap lota.
$2000— 25x127:8; Presidio Height": view.
$1575— 25x98:6; Dolores, nr. Twenty-first.
-66x114; Twenty-fifth, nr. Noe.
$1200—25x137:6; illejo, nr. Broderick; view.
• $1200—27:6x100; Lombard, nr. Octavia.
$:00— 25x100; California, nr. Twelfth aye.
$500-715x100; California, nr. 22d aye. '■
$350— «2x150; 31st aye., nr. Point Lobos aye
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
. ■ IDS' Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 408 Pine St.. oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
. . ductlon:
$3600— A 2-story and basement brick house,
Here and flat 5 rooms above; lot 25x75 feet.
$3T;iO— a 2-story dwelling and stable and lot
2SxlOO: on Folpom st.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$13,000— Rent $84; 4 splendid flats on Fell st
. ueiir Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$7000— Afhbury St.. near Fell; lot 25x103; fine
residence.
. : $soo»— 4 flats on Page St., near Broderick; lot
*t "6x"a.
J<2s*-PpJen<ild cottage; O»k st., near Lyon-
lot SaxllQ; fronting on park ■ ■ . •
.; «2.W0, formerly <" — Hafght St.. east cf
Filhncre, three ftr.e bay-window 2-story houses, I
'■' an A'2j M ,* l3 '--« feet; very cheap
Jii.yw formerly $35,000-A very prominent
J per cent, and will surely
Rent $70; four fine flats;
• 45xS0.
•■• .IX THE HEART OF TOWN.
■ • ' .J 5 £, 0C " :) - S -? Ienell ' J Property on Market st., only
14 blacks from the Baldwin. '
•w#f- > i^~ Tay rf Or st " .^Market; large lot;
. wffl lnrproved: stores and fiats.
: BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK .
-'. rc^^Vth*/ a - corner house of 42
;'_• 2 s« 7 4°-^ ent * W; our flats on Geary st.; lot
' cn l H7: store and two flats; Geary st.
: «nrt i Rent ' 2:>; a ■Me flat; 5 rooms below
• and t> rooms upstairs
; - v* fit.V Rent i:6 "' storf ' s «^ flat never
'.O.; F. YON RHEIN & CO., , '
. ."■ ' 513 California at.
 • IMPROVED.
Montgomery aye.. through to Washington
i,\™l ck ' m r ivements; rents $130. -
is- 7 J ?£~£ orn( ' - Leavenworth and Greenwich;
13.. 6x13,. 5, with house.
. $13.000— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; 20x57:6;
.store and lodging-house; rents $85.
VV^r" Kills, nr. Buchanan; 25:Sx«0; flats; rents
*•■■■ '<0.
■ J623o— Powelt nr. Vallejo; 21x67:9.
$.^oo— California, nr. Baker; 25x77:7H; 2 flats;
rents $42 50:
. $WKi(>-7Page,' nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms «nd bath. ■ ■ .
$4uoo— Green, nr. Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats; rents
$38.
•;. $1500- FHbert; nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $48.
$42<!O— Shotwell, nr. 21th; 25x122:6; 2 flats. '.&
-.- $4000— 44 th aye.. nr. Point Lobos: 50x120. ■
• $2£oo— 3d aye., nr. Clement St.; 25x12"; cottage.
-• $2000— - ■'.. nr. -Sanchez; 25:8x114; cottage.
'. $1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable. - -
UNIMPROVED.
• $14^0— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
I' Beott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
-. !7th and Capp; 32:6x110. ■
'• 25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots. -_-, .
• 25x100; Valrncla, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
■4-ROOM and bath cottage. Just finished, in-
.- eluding- lot; street sewered and graded; only
$16 monthly; close to car line.
• '.■ Richmond lots— 2 fine level building lots, 25x
.' 120 each; $10 monthly; cheap; will .build to
• '• suit.
- • $100— In Sunset District, Golden Gate
-. P.ark, on $5 monthly payments.
'"15 fine level lots; only 3 blocks from San
• Mat'-., electric cars; Just the thing for a
' 'chicken ranch: on easy monthly payments.
■-. -■•;• JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery et.
ABOUT 100
EXAMPLES
> .. =«.,; Of people who feel that they have secured
homes without paying for them are to be
• . ■found in the.Heyman Tract. These people :
■■ .-- . were 'for years paying rent— adding ■to
...'their landlord's prosperity, but not a bit
•I ' ..to their own. Every month regularly they
■".'■.' -paid their rent money and. never had a
.:• . single thing to show for It. . Now they
-. • . art paying for their homes with their
.- • .-. usual rent money— and see that every dol-
■' : -■" ' lar paid out goes to their own account.
• • Two new cottages* of 4 and 6 rooms, may
• .be' paid for In this way. Take Mlsston-st.
'. ' '. cars, .transfer to Twenty-second, to Holt-
■ •"■•• man aye. and ask for Mr. James Cotter,
■■"•• ■ 'resident agent, who will show you these
. . ..- '.cottages. JACOB HEYMAN. owner. 11
'.' ■ ■ . .Montgomery »t., will -give all particular!!.
McAllister FT. business property.
•' $14,500- Rent $110; extra large lot. 35x1C0, and
.'t-Btorea-and 2 flats; close to Van Noss aye.
■■.-'■; ■ •■.' DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT
'. ' :f»V— Rent HO; on sunny side of California si.
■ n-»r Larkin; large lot and two 2-story houses;
'■'offwea' at a sacrifice.
. KLF/.-ANT WESTERN ADDITION FLATS
..-. $^r^o— Rent $7. >; very dose to Jackson and
- Sebtt. «t»-1 rleirnnt new fiats 'of 7 rooms" and
.';bni.lar.d room and 10 rooms and bath: modern
-and'.-cornplete In every particular; don't fail to
Fee-. tftaffk
' }rr.«--.Rent $40; two very good flats on Sac-
..'ra-me-nto Bt.. near FlllTnore.
■ .A- BTO BARGAIN AT THE PRESIDIO
•: . • : . • ■••--.,••: GATE.
$12 f Jt)' only for this beautiful lot. 25x120; must
rapidly increase In value.
' />•;•;-. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., •
". '■'.■•■ -!>\-,- 20 Montgomery • It.
$100. CASH, balance easy payments; nice cosy
.' »<oftacr(» home. " " -""'•• ' '" '
. $275 Moultrle st . near Cortland aye., nice
..level- lot: cheaD: miiFt be «old. - ..
;•' .-•■ 3CeEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. ■
J675-fJIOUSE of 8 room*, lot. ' barn; : Install-
.. rr.p'irts. Call Sunday," Monday, ■ 255 Athens,
• China aye. . - -• . .-'■ ' ; '•-•*._
:. FINE' new' cottape. 4 rooms and bath: lot 26x
' Ro:.*n*y terms; $1400. GEORGE. W. 11. PAT-
.' IFOVC. ITO9 Market st. -,.• ' .. •-;-
,- IvTl'riTv AT THIS. . , . -.liill: ,
.' .. , House pnd lot on Union st. P. STERN-
: - S?HKR & CO.. Real Estate. 813 Montgomery.
FOR Pale— At • a bargain: new modern .cottage
-. of « rooms and bath. Apply 1117 Sanchez St..
• .near Twenty-fourth... IflisiS.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market at.
Must sell to close an estate — An elegant in-
side property on Pine at., bet.. Larkin and
Polk; 25x137:6; two buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister St., near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good- income; lot 25x100.
Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath; lot 2!>x128.
Must be sold— Two' fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:Cx120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three flats: Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick st. ; 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit. - y ,is
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114. •?./. ''.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near '
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114.
Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 26x84:6. ■ •-
$3500— cottages; Chattanooga st., near
Twenty-third; 32:«x117:6. '.-V';
$2500— Utah St.. near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. j
Corner on Halght and Octavla Bts., 1 block i
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. - '■■ --•■ ■■•-
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7. .- • ' --
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $GXK);
137:6x137:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$4000— Ritch st., near Third and Folsom; two
lots: 50x80; cheap.:- ' " ' : • — ■
$2600 — Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6..'
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 26x100.
Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$1800— Hide Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye.; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.-
California, near Second aye.; 25x100: $SOO. '
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
$850 WILL build 4 rooms, bath, pantry, brick j
chimney and foundation: plans and specifi-
cations furnished. Send address and. will call.
or apply at 1207 Market st. J. FLAHERTY,
Builder.
$1600— LOT 2.')x120: Halght St., near Baker; |
snap. J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market st. |
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A. First - loor.
Crocker Building-.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW! ;
BARGAINS NOW. "' PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS - ->TS' ~
$400 ■ $450 to |E5O; officially graded: superb ,
view; $25 down. $10 monthly. & BROTHER
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.^
$400. $450 to $750; choicest Richmond ; building j
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly/ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams. TI _ D
SOL" GETZ & BROTHER,
; Room A, Crocker building.
C. C. BEMIS, T _
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
.. 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
• ' '■.-> ■■■ FOR SALE. .
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet. , '• .- ■ ... ■- , .
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook- |
Ing the Presidio and bay.
60-vara on Pure St.; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C i
•t.; 109x95 feet. ' " - ' j
6 ROOMS, bath: new; nes>- cars: $200 cash. $15 >
mo., 'buys. MCCARTHY CO.; 646 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
David Bush. Manager Country Department,
;.-»;vv.-. 14 Montgomery st. j
$2000 — acres near Oakdale. Napa County; 5
acres In orchard, balance grain and pasture ,
land; all cultivable; good improvements; will
exchange for lot in Richmond.
. $7500—100 acres, 11 miles from Oakland, near !
Walnut Creek; 20 acre's In choice orchard; 30
acres in rugar beete; 30 acres in grain; balance
pasture: well watered; fine house, barn, gran-
ary and chicken-houses, with stock and tools.
For Furnished • house and '3 acres or-
chard, flowers," berries and shrubbery at Mill-
brae: rent $20; unfurnished, $15. --••
For exchange— Elegant residence, s with large,
grounds, in fashionable part of- San : Rafael;
will exchange for unimproved city property.
> For rent — 400 acre« near Woudslde, San Ma-
ten County; good' improvements; • fine stock
ranch; plenty water. - -■ . |
AMQKG the orange groves of- Placer County;
20 acres in full bearing orchard; early and
late shipping fruit;- fine improvements; for i
sale at a bargain. McAFEE BROS.; 103
Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal. I
220 ACRES FOR $6090. ■ • V « -
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass.
Valley; in mining district. McAFEE BROS.. :
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR Chicken Ranches— j-'v '---'_[■-
Acreage property In Oakland suburbs- on elec-
tric car line; in subdivisions to suit; price j
$100 per acre and upward. - • ■
McAFEE BROS.. McAFEE BROS.,
10$ Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
10-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near Auburn,
Placer County; $5 monthly: no interest; $15 !
to $25 per acre. - JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont- ;
gomery st. . . . . .■■<■■ •.■'•*• ' j
$1850— IN the- Town of Palo Alto— -
A fine two-story cottage; 7 rooms, bath and
attic; a cozy home In the choice resident part
of the town; corner lot, 40x150. For further ;
particulars address J. J. MORRIS, 630 Mar-
ket St., or Palo Alto. ... ' . .' .
A— SSSOO;' CASH value: 11 acres French prunes
and variety fruits; highly' Improved; 1 mile
from ' Courthouse. ! San Jose; - partly exchange i
for • city or Oakland property. KREDO & j
C0.,"22V4 Geary et. . _I_______
SHASTA and Tehama County farms sell or ex-
change, buildings, clear streams, ' pure air,
large oaks; near railroad: garden of -the I
north,. L. L..M. SALSBURY, 902. Broadway. i
Oakland. ' - \ '
$2800; 10 ACRES; fine fruit ranch near Hay-
wards, Alameda County; 1000 fruit trees In
bearing: a splendid place for a home.
WERTHEIM & KERTH, 850 Market st,
MOUNTAIN ranch for rent: mile from railroad j
station ; Improvement work done, and care of
place will pay rent. Box 1749. Call.
MARIN County 'dairy' ranches; sell or lease;
building lots and land by the- acre in Ross
Valley. J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael. Cal.
•JTOCK LANDS FOR SALE.
7200 acres, F6rt Seward ranch, with or, with-
out 600 head of stock cattle.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
•000 acres: Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and- lands, of California;
never falling water and wood; no droughts.
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars : write H. T.
FAIRBANKS, Petaluma, Cal.
GRAIN and dairy ranch: 30 miles from Ban
Francisco; 100 acres excellent grain land and
164 acres.;tule land; green all the year; boat
landing on the place; only sls per acre to close
an estate. GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
; >^; MONEY TO LOAN. • v£:
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or' country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
r»tes cf Interest. . • ...
' Special' terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies. interests under wills, & 2d.'& 3d mrtgs.
. Promissory . notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted. > • : ■.
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commlsß'on; no delays. J.
NOONAN, IM7 to - 1023 Mission at..'- above
Sixth;- telephone South 14. , " '
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Btore. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204. ■?:■.•
ADVANCES f>B, furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
■lon; lowest Interest. ■ Room CB. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rate*: ■no commission: $25. up;
1 private party. - BONNELLI. 130 Powell :t..-» ; .
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent >n real estate: M
end 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN.. 24 Montgomery, rm. i
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn.. 405 Montg'y. r, 4.
ON "pianos, r furniture, < without 1 removal;'. no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister lit.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates;' city and
I country. X-W-. WRIGHT. <30 Market st. .:-
MONET loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 203 Examiner building.. " .
SECOND 1 mortgages and undivided interests In
, estates a specialty. MURPHY.-. O6 Marker, tt.
$ r 0 TO $50 000:' lowest fates: Ist end Id mortjr.:
any, proposition. Pryricn, 413 Montgomery «t.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital ' to : Invest. ■ SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery ft.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
$2400— 5500 cash, balance $15 monthly; hand-
some bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath, on Thirtieth St., near Church; lot 25x114.
$5000 — Secured lease $45 net; 2 years to run;
large corner lot on Stevenson 6t. ; size 50x64;
Improvements, store and flats; this Is a splen-
did investment.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$S5O0 — 3 handsome flats on Baker St., close to
park entrance; up to date In every respect;
marble steps; latest sanitary plumbing, etc.
$29,000— Choice piece of business propeYty,
north of Market st. and within 4 blocks of PoW-
ell and Eddy; improvements consist of stores
and lodging-house above of 25 rooms; rent $2ir7.
$3000 — Fourth aye., near Clement st- ; 2 fiats of,
5 rooms and bath each; rent $32; lot 25x120.
$7250 — Just finished; now opon for inspection; 2
spli ndld Hats of 6 and 7 rooms, etc., on Devisa-
dero st., near Golden Gate aye.; rent $62 50- lot
BzlOO.
$3500— Easy terms; 2-story residence. 7 roomß
and bath; all modern improvements; lot 25x114;
iiZi Twentieth St., near Castro.
$5000 — Leavenworth st., near California; 2-
Btory residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot with 2
frontages; an offer wanted.
$4500— Good investment and good home; brand-
new residence on Dolores-st. corner, containing
7 rooms and bath; handsomely decorated and
tinted; portion of lot vacant; plenty of room
and good place for Eton? and .flats.
$6800— Make an offer; Broderick St., close to
California; 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; extra large lot; rents $62 50.
$1350— Very cheap bay-window cottage of (
rooms and bath; Hayes st., within walking dis-
tance of town; large lot.
$3000— Near the corner of Frederick and Stan-
yan ct!<. ; modern cottage of 6 ruoms and bath-
handsomely decorated; lot 25x137:6. '
A BARGAIN.
$3250— Rent $3S; 4 rtuts on Clementina st., near
Eighth; lot 25x75; building in good repair.
$2500— Clara St., between Third and Fourth-
2-story building: flats of 4 and 6 rooms; rent
$25; lot 25x85: improvements in good condition-
only $G(jo cash required, balance can be paid
out of the rents.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS.
$5, $10. $15, $20 payments will secure the foun-
dation for a home in Sunset District, situated
south sido of Golden Gate Park, near Affili-
ated Colleges, church, public schools, Balboa
boulevard and all park attractions- Spring
Valley water pipes laid to Sunset Heights and
gas to be had on application; for particulars
take electric cars to our branch office. Ninth
aye. and H St., where our agent will furnish
maps, prices, etc. ; open every day. including
Sundays and holidays. BALDWIN & HOW-
XI.L. 1" Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS"
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; tine, larg%
lot; best buy in Oakland; Galindo Tract,
East Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Feralta aye
and lielmont st; price $14uO.
$123— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash-
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 465 Seventh st., corner Broadway Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
COUNTRY hotel, 30 rooms, for sale at great
bargain; $6000.
Also 40 acres 1 mile from Oakland, $4500
S2O acre grain ranch for sale or rent.
New 7-room house for sale at great bargain:
large lot.
Oakland has the lowest death rate of any
city in the United States. Send stamp for 30-
page catalogue. E. E. DUNCE, 9l* Broadway
Oakland.
GO out to-day and take a look at those ele-
gant new homes in the Alvln tract.
Three-room cottage and lot 50x1^5, $550; small
payment down, $5 monthly.
Four-ro. n:-and-bath cottage and lot 50x125,
$750; only $7 50 monthly; streets macadamized.
Take Haywards local train to Eimhurst sta-
tion or Haywards electric cars to Jones aye.;
free carriage Sundays meets electric cars to the
Alvin tract every half-hour: only 45 minutes'
ride from San Francisco to the Alvln tract.
A. T. BATTEN, resident agent. JACOB
HEYMAN, owner. 11 Montgomery st.
$30,000 TO loan on approved security and $2500
to loan on furniture, pianos, etc., by ALDEN-
OARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
PROPERTY in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley
wanted In exchange for fruit and grain ranch.
Owner, box 6, Call office, Oakland.
BARGAINS for Labor day; open Monday.
$lon— A lot 49x140 in city limits.
$650 — 5 rooms; bank mortgage $500; estate.
$1000-5 rooms; $100 cash. $10 month: station.
$1550 — 6 rooms; at liroadway Station.
$2500—5 ruoms; 100x125; bank mortgage $2000.
LAYMANCE, Real Estate. 460, Sth, Oakland.
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage, opp.
school, in Eimhurst; large lot; small amount
down; offer wanted. T. B. DRAPER, 20«S
Eagle aye., Alameda.
$12«0— M<iIjKKN OOttage 5 rooms and bath; lot
33:6x125; must be sold this week; location cen-
tral.
A— sl2s; WHAT for? A fine lot In the beauti-
ful Galindo Tract, East Oakland; size 3.1x115;
or you can get a lot of any size you wish; $10
cash, monthly payments to suit.
$750— About three-quarters of an acre; cottage
S rooms; cblckenhouses, picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; a lovely spot; city water; two
blocks from electric road and fine school; about
10 minutes' walk to the local st<>am road; loca-
tion, soil and climate fine, so we say; but you
come and see It; It will cost you nothing; why
not send lor our circular if --^v don't come.
455 Seventh Bt., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
A BARGAIN; see It to-day; bay-window cot-
tage, 6 rooms, bath; brick foundation; street
complete: prominent street; near station;
new bank mortgage $1400; $250 above mort-
gage takes It; a sacrifice. LAYMANCE R,
E. CO.. Agents, 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
J. CALLAOHAN, real estate dealer; notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S -news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mulling.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
niATMAN. Snc 27th st.. r.r. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store, 401 Elpypnth st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2150— HOUSE 6 rooms; lot 60x150 ;~Alameda
aye.
$2200— New house 6 rooms; lot 40x130; $2200;
Cedar St.
$1250— House 7 rooms; lot 45x150; Blanding
aye.
$1100 — Cottage 5 rooms; Oak st.
3 lots on water from south side; 45x160; bar-
gain.
2 lots; fine location; 50x130; near station;
$500.
Large lot fronting on bay, only one left;
71x1^5; $1250.
Large lot on San Joee aye., near Chestnut;
only $1200.
For rent 8-room house; elegantly furnished;
central, near Morton.
For rent, 9-room house; elegantly furnished;
Santa Clara aye. and Grand st.
For rent, handsome modern 5-room cottage,
partly furnished; $22.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park street, Alameda.
FOR SALE cheap; 35x115; house and lot. 1825
Pacific avenue.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE—
40x126— New 7-room house; Shuman st., near
Clinton aye.; $2200.
50x150 — New 8-room house; San Antonio aye.;
$3000.
17:2x110— New 7-room house; P«ru St.; $2750.
80x1(0— New 5-room cottage; $1500.
BoxlsO— San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. ;
$1200.
60x150— New 8-room modern house; $2200.
ALL FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Open Sundays and cve-ilngs.
FRI ITVALE REAL ESTATE. ,
$1500— HALF acre of sandy loam; house oF~B
room* and bath; barn; plffeon-houses; fine
artesian well; windmill and tajik; fruit trees,
etc.; an opportunity worth investigating.
$900— Newly renovated cottage of S rooms
and basement; large barn; chicken-house, lot
50x133; only 3 blocks from Adeline Station.
Oakland; $60 cash, balance on easy terms.
$600— Cottage of 3 rooms and bath; barn;
carriage shed; windmill and tank; lot 50x100.
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
chick'.-n-houses; fruit trees; lot 100x105, all
fenced; only 3 blocks from station.
H. A. PLEITNER, FrultvaleStation.
TO LEASE.
BARN and large yard' for stable or warehouse
at 2128 Market st. Apply MRS. WERT-
HEIMER, 619 Van Ness aye.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prlcea reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 milea
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT, 220
Eansome st., S. F. ;
FINE home near the hills: large house; lot !
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks; near
Dwlght way station: a first-class chance for
a bargain, "j. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station. .
FOU sale— Adjacent to U. C, Past of Telegraph
aye. ; elegant 9-room modern house, now be-
ing built; yard improved; only $3600. Write
or call for particulars on M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BIG bargnin, $1300— Fine house, 4 rooms, bath;
city water; lot 60x135: 1 block from Berry-
man Station; choice location; forced sale to
close estate; title clear. WARREN CHE-
NEY, opposite station. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
RANCH of 160 acres, near San Miguel, to ex-
change for house and lot in 9hn Francisco
or Oakland; all clear: plenty of wood and
water. 762 Brush St., Oakland.
WANTED— Stock of groceries and fixtures In
exchange for Stockton or city, Roseburg. Or.,
property. Write FRANK PRAHSER, Stock-
ton, Cal.
EQUITY desirable vacant city lots for Improved
Western Addition, Alameda, Oakland; will
assume flat loan. Addres6 J. MONROE, Car-
rier X. Alameda.
FOR Exchange— ls6 acres fruit or grain land,
Improved, near Vacaville, for city property.
Box 5, Vacaville, Cal.
100 ACRES land, adjoining town of Delano,
Kern Co., clear, to exchange for house and
lot Jn Alamr-da or Oakland. O. 8., box 8,
Call office, Oakland.
FRUIT, grain or stock ranch wanted for Oak-
land home. E.. box 6. Call office, Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CLEAR modern cottage (Alameda-Oakland) ;
choice Alarncda lot part payment. Box 595,
Call office.
WANTED— SmaII farm to rent with view of
buying. San Mateo, Santa Clara or Alameda
counties. MORSE, box 1742. Call ofrW.
typewrTtkrs. ~
ALL'typewrltters sold and rented7~few"partl7
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
_prlces. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; Calisrraph, $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
I-HYSiCIAXS.
DR. G. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence^
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
LEGAL NOTICES^
KEFEKEE'S sale lv partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of Saa Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et *:*.. Defendants. Cause
Notice is hereby given that under and in
pursuance of the Interlocutory decree In par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly mad*
and given In the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 18&8, duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montf ornery street, in the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lyintr and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: v
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna street twenty-fly (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(SO) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number t«n of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as la.d down on the official map of the
City and County of San Franclscu, and being
a subdivision of said one Hundred vara lot
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the Intersection of the southerly line of Page
j street with the westerly line of Octavia street
running thence southerly along said line of
I Octavla street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and Elx-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-1J) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly fmm the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (SO) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet to the point of commencement
being a subdivision of the ona hundred vitra
lot number eight (B>.
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez nnd Dunciin streets, running
thence westerly nlong the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (80) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanrhes street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (SO)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line nf Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated thle 19th day of Ausmst. 1898.
Q. H. UMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
PINKELSPEIL & GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 806 Claus Spreck-
els Bullding,_San Francisco.
proposals!
PROPOSALS for furnishing an delivering one
hundred (100) iej less -door fire alarm boxes
for the Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, September 3, 1898.
In accordance with Resnlvtlon No. 1670H
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, September 12, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm and Po-
lice Telegraph) of one hundred (100) keyless-
door fire alarm boxes, complete with all ap-
paratus and connections, in accordance with
specifications on file In the office of the Su-
perintendent of the Fire Alarm and Polloe
Telegraph, at No. 17 Brenham place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved by
the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Po-
lice Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the Board of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
boxes, complete In every particular, and ready
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract.
For any further information required, bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective tire alarm boxes.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this and a former notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
vigors conditioned If the proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award
Is made then and in that case the said sum
shall be paid into the City and County Treas-
ury by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the publta C.erk.
By H. C. FARQUHARSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS— SeaIed bids will be received at
the office of the Registrar of Voters. City
Hall for the printing of the precinct regis-
ters to be used at the election to be held
November S, 1898. All bids will be opened by
the Board of Election Commissioners In open
session on Thursday. September 8, ISSB, at
11-30 a m. Each bid must be accompanied
by a certified check, payable to the order of
the chairman of the Board of Election Com-
missioners for the ram of five thousand
($5000) dollars. The board reserves the right
to reject any and all bids.
W. J. BIOGY, Registrar of Voters.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to aiy address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 609 Hyde— Choice, sunny, reasonable, large,
roomy; appreciated If seen.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; wcrkroom 25x35; choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
BETTER than vacation; clean, healthy 5-room
house; $8; 1 mo. free. 1571 Kearny st.
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister st, ; rent $35.
PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FINE Eastlake house, S rooms and bath. 421
Oak st.; rent $40.
HOUSE of 6 rooms; suitable for largo family.
S2OV4 Jessie st., oft Ninth; reasonable.
HOWARD, 57*4 — 6 rooms, bath; n£wly papered;
cheap rent, $20. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
PINE, 666 — 1-room and bath, sunny side; cellar;
cheap.
SHOTWELL, 6068, near Twentieth— sl6; appre-
ciated if seen; 5 furnished rooms and bath.
SUNNY convenient 6-room house; perfect con-
dition; your terms. 1321 Webster st., near
O'Farrell.
UPPER part of house 6 rooms; cheap to good
tenant. 540 Howard st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2754 TWENTY-THIRD, bet. Bryant and York—
6 rooms; large yard; all modern Improve-
ments; rent $16.
$B—4 GOOD sunny rooms with cellar. 24 Ches-
ley St., off Harrison, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$11— 6-ROOM house and bath. Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts.
$12—4 ROOMS, stable, yard. 35 Colton place, oft
Brady, botw. Valencia, 12th & Market: 1 to 4.
$14— HOUSE 6 rooms and bath; water free.
323 Castro st., between Market and Sixteenth.
$15— HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath; yard; Ellis et
Apply 626 Eddy st.
$25—2726 MISSION st.; 9 rooms and bath; mod-
ern Improvements; large basement.
$35— LOS GATOS, In Glen Ridge Division, house
of nine rooms completely and excellently fur-
nished. Address box 243. Los Gatos.
$30— FIJVE bay-window; 7 sunny rooms; paper-
ed; mbdern; large garden. 1720 Fillmore wt
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PACIFIC aye., 1521— Eight rooms, bath, yard.
lawn; j?.O; water free. Ayi'ly forenoon.
COTTAGES TO LtiT.
CLAY, 2417— 5-room cottage and bath.
TO LET— I 4 Gilbert, near Bryant; cottage, 5
rooms; stable with driveway.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 113 Collins st.. near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
A^4(TfLATS; 3 and 4 rooms $ 7— sll
A— 7o flats; sto 7 rooms $11— $20
20 new flats (cheap) at SPECK & CO.S, 602
Market st.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
ccrner Sutter and ScoLt, 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch,
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— Upper sunny flat
4 rooms; rent $11; water free.
CLAY, 1020— Lower flat 4 sunny rooms and
yard ; cheap.
EDDY, 1244, near Laguna— Sunny flat 5 rooms;
bath; modern improvements.
EIGHTEENTH. 4585. near Hattle— 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent $12 and $13.
FIFTEENTH, 2160, nr. Market— Modern sunny
flat; 5 rms., bath, basement; $16; take Castro
car; key cor. grocery. Easton, Eldridge & Co.
FILLMOKE, ■W,<-.; -Kit-pant n.'iv decorated ilat
of 5 Urge rooms and bath; rent $22 ;"0. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; 2 stalls and wagon house;
$16. 1 Isls st., near Twelfth.
FLAT, 5 large sunny, Mehi. separate rooms.
125 Minna st.. between Fifth and Sixth.
FOLSOM 951. near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FREELON, 24, near Fourth— A fine upper flat
3 large sunny rooms; rent $8.
FULTON llS— Fine sunny middle flat; 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hallj_J>2B.
HAIGHT, 1783—2 modern sunny flats of 8 and
7 rooms.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— 2 nice sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
HICKORY. 131, near Gough— 3 rooms; fine yard;
hall; rent $3.
LILY aye.. 420 — 4 rooms: newly whitened; bath
and stationary tub; yard; reduced $10.
MONET on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.
MOSS. 3.0 Vi. between Sixth and Seventh, off
Howard — Lower bay-window flat of 5 large
rooms; yard: basement.
NATOMA, 714H— Flat of 4 rooms; yard and cel-
lar; sun all day; $10; no children.
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$35. 720 Powell st.
POST, 16.~>98. rear— Nice clean sunny upper
fiat; 4 rooms: $8.
ROSE aye., 13S— Flat of 3 rooms; $10.
THIRD. 505— Flat. 4 rooms; rent $10.
WANTED at onee — 100 tenants for flats, cot-
tages; willing to make inducements; 10 to 30
days free: flats JS up at SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
poie. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$14— TO let— Ccrner flat of 5 rooms and batli.
Z33S Twenty-sixth st., near Capp.
$22 HO— MODERN 5-room flat. 127 Ash, bet.
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
$27 50 — NEW flat, 7 sunny rooms and bath;
water free; near Park. 121S Waller Bt.
$30— ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms; all sunny; bath;
fine view. 466 I'age st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AMERICAN lady would rent part of furnished
flat to married couple. Box 591, Call office.
BARTLETT, 447—2 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; bath; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 1015— Two neatly furnished or
unfurnished rooms; bath; private family.
DALE place, 9%, off Golden Oate aye.— 3 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; gas; rent rea-
sonable.
DE V ISAPERO, 72S — Pleasant rooms on corner,
with housekeeping privileges; no children.
DOLORES, 382, near Sixteenth— slo; 4 house-
keeping rooms; yard; gr>od cook stove.
EDDY, 306— Large sunny room for housekeep-
ing; private family; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 915— Well-furnished connecting sunny
rooms: large garden; fine location; private.
ELLIS, 622—2 large sunny rooms; separate en-
trance ; yard, etc. ; rent cheap.
FIFTH 353—2 or i clean sunny furnished house-
keeping, with bath; single. $4 and $5.
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8: unfurnish-
ed part of house. 8 rooms. In good order.
FOLSOM. 810— Sunny front room, kitchen at-
tached; housekpg complete; no children; $10.
FRANKLIN, 719, near Golden Gate aye. — 4 or 5
large Bunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
FULTON, 510B— Large sunny room; also small
light housekeeping or otherwise.
FULTON. 733. near Webster— Front bay win-
dow parlor and kitchen; complete housekeep-
lng; $12.
GEARY, 566 — Elegant sunny back parlor,
piano; also housekeeping rooms: "modern con-
veniences: reasonable.
GOLDEN~GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
alcove for housekeeping; bath adjoining; $12.
HARRISON. 7S4V4 — Adjoining rooms and bath
complete for housekeeping; range; rent rea-
sonable. .
HAVES, 469—2 nice furnished front rooms suit-
able for man and wife: use of kitchen.
HAVES, 481—2 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; private family; reasonable.
HOWARD, 525— Large front room; folding bed;
complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice large sunny
front rooms; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 737%-- Nicely furnished front suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; rea-
sonable.
XEStUE 373 near Fifth— 2 housekeeping rooms;
only $9. .
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms, nicely fur-
nished for hounekeeping.
LARKIN, 1024 V.. near Rutter— 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms: ftlso single rooms; reasonable.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Room and
kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
MASON, M 4-2 connecting rooms light house-
keeping; or otherwise.
McALLIBTER, nas— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
connecting rooms; enamel sink, range, bath;
$16: private.
MINNA. 281, cor. Fourth— Furnished housekeep-
ing, complete; sunny front double rm. ; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
MISSION. 561, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen; furnished complete; reasonable.
MISSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete; gas stove.
MISSION, 1241—2 sunny furnished rooms; run-
ning water; housekeeping if desired.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
NATOMA, 645—3 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $12.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms; hkp., stove, water, gas, $11; single.
OCTAVIA. l."s— Unfurnished; low rent for beau-
tiful sunny rooms; no children.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Parlor, bedroom,
kitchen, gas stove; sun all day; $18.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1519— 3 large furnished
housekeeping rooms; $12.
I'OLK, 605 — 2 parlors; sunny; piano; water:
gas; bath; suitable for light housekeeping;
reasonable.
POLK, 1643—2 nicely furnished large sunny
front rooms; housekeeping; rent $15.
POST, 617% — Pleasant front and back parlor
and kitchen, unfurnished, for housekpg; $15.
SHIPLEY, 261— 4 rooms, $6; new house; no
children, no dogs, no cats.
SIXTH, 216%— Large sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms; also single rooms; quiet home.
STOCKTON, 1703— 59; 2 sunny connecting rooms
furnished complete; $7, 1 large sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; bath, gas.
THIRD, 263— Sunny front rooms furnished for
housekeeping; $2 per week.
TURK, 127— Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished.
TURK, 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen; gas
store, gas and bath; $14.
VAN NESS, 1021— Two sunny front rooms and
kitchen; parlor floor; gas range; piano; ref.
VALENCIA. IC27A— Very desirable housekeep-
lng rooms furnished and unf.: private; reas.
$7— LARGE front room, closet, kitchen, pantry;
sunny yard. Address box 1710. Call office.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished sunny front rooms;
near trains. S3S Jackson st., near Seventh,
Oakland.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. Bth & Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— STOCKTON, £42 — Firet-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaia; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, IJ7 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; tirst-claaj
in every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence. 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, 829>j and Mason
407 — Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 416 OVarrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; tourists; near principal clubs.
BRYANT. 770, near Sixth— Large sunny double
room, private family, $1 25 per week.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms, $7; also 2-room flat, $5.
CLAY, 1532— Nicely furnished room suitable for
one gentleman; rent $6.
CLIFFORD, 204 E111&, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices rea-icnable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
EDDY, .307— Small sunny room, gas and bath;
private family; reasonable.
EDDY, 613— Pleasant sunny rooms, single $4
to $6; with bath; also housekeeping.
ELLIS, 516— Large sunny parlors; use of
kitchen; front alcove; single room; modern.
ELLIS, 537— Nicely furnished rooms; bath; hot
and coki water; gas; private family; reas.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms; front alcove; private family.
ELLIS, SOl, corner Polk— Newly furnished
sunny front alcove; private family.
ELLIS, 6.v— Sunny single front room for gent;
parlor floor; rent $10 per month.
FIFTH. 30» — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping.
FIFTH, j<2— $1 per week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 974— Newly furnished double and
single rooms; also housekeeping rooms; $1
a week up.
GEARY, 211— Large front room, facing Union
square; gas, bath, hot and cold water; $20.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 80SA— Large sunny unfurnished suite;
also newly furnished room; modern house.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 402— Newly furnished
sunny front room; use of gas range; $9.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— Fur-
nished bedroom; cheap; single.
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping ; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD. SosH— Furnished rooms; back and
front suites; terms reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068—2 sunny parlor suites; house-
keeping rooms and single rooms: $5 up; bath.
HOWARD, 1757— Nice furnished back parlor
for two gentlemen; with or without board.
JESSIE, 164— Thoroughly renovated; sunny
front single and double rooms; $1 week up.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Sunny parlor suite,
suitable for 2 gents or couple; also unfur.
LIBERTY, 20— Large sunny furnished room;
rent $5.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single ; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MARTHA place, 5, bet. Mason and Taylor-
Nice sunny front room, $6 per month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1129— Front room, newly furnished;
closet; folding bed: cooking if desired.
MISSION. 1415 — Sunny single room, $5 a month,
$1 25 a week.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
OAK, 231— 1 -unfurnished sunny room.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electrio lights; day, week 6r month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elecantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 770— Newly furnished suite or
single; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 406%— Back and front parlors;
gas; bath; private family; rent reasonable.
PINE, 910— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
PINE, 1018— Pleasant furnished rooms; private
family; modern conveniences: ref. required,
POST, 909, bet. Hyde and Larkin— Newly fur-
nlshed front rooms, suitable for two; quiet.
POST, 1015 A —Sunny bay-window room; modern
flat; private family; electrio lighting; tele.
RITCH, 21— Furnished room in prvlate family;
$6 month: for 2; piano: board If desired.
SEVENTEENTH, 3363— Tw0 sunny furnished
rooms; use of bath.
B HERMAN Apartment House, 26 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 405, near Eighteenth, warm belt
of Mission — Large front sunny room; private
family.
SHOTWELL. 708— Large sunny room furnished
or unfurnished, with or without board.
BIXTH, 408— Sunny newly furnished housekeep-
ing and single rooms; bath; gas; cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 2910— Nice clean single room, $3
a month. •
STEVENSON. 1105— Sunny front room, suitable
for 2; also single room; private; reasonable.
SITTER. 309— Pleasant sunny rooms nicely
furnished ; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR. 311— Beautifully furnished suite or
single; bath; piano; gentlemen preferred; ref.
THE Piedmont, 111 HA Sixth, st.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 930— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough ■
—House . newly furnished; -single rooms or. •"
suits: two kitchens for tenants for light,
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty room: hot and cold;
gas; bath;. $10; larger one, $15. •,,... >■
WENDT Hotel, 23' Sacramento —Best rooming •
house on . water front; single 25c up; week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The .Weekly ; .
Call. , Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. ..■•■:■ :. ■ \
ROOMS AND BOARD".
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.— Rooms
. 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and up-
ward; free bus to and from hotel. .-
BRANNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics' . Hotel)— .
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
■ $1 per week. ; •.. ■■.-;- ...'-.
ELLIS,' 518 — Nice sunny rooms with first-class.
.■ table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up. ;
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with .
- room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location. -
I GEARY, j 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students; clerks ; dinner. 2&c.
GEARY, Newly furnished and \ renovated
! rooms; French board. • .' . '
I GOLDEN GATE aye... 334— Large sunny alcove:
board; for two adults; near City Hall; pleas-
ant home; piano, bath, gas; private family.
HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house; first-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cookin"" terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed. ■
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with ■ .
board; also single room: private; reasonable. '
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant .-.-
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.'
RESPECTABLE woman having her own home ..
would like to have old lady to room and •
board: company more . than money. Address- '-
box 1712, Call office. . . - ■ : . ."•
SOUTH PARK. 159— Large sunny room for two ■
with board, $40; also single rooms. • . ." •'
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunnjr '
Market st. , suites, with board for 2, $40 per ■ -
month: single rooms accordingly. . . • .
VAN NESS aye.," 519— Sunny ' furnished suites .'•
and single rooms: flrst-cla.°s table board: .- .* ."
CHILDREN BOARDED. _ \_ : "
WANTED— to board; -lovely home in '
Fruitvale; own cow and carriage; reasonable-. '. .
X., box 7, Call office. Oakland. " ;
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
hoTne and care; near school. 51 Clara St. . '.
CHILDREN, or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references; moderate. 234*4 Sixth st. • .-. '.'
LADY wishes to board 1 or 2 children; . ages. : 3".'
to 8 years. 963% Franklin St., Oakland. • ■•;
ONE young child boarded; lovely home. 2618'
| Bryant, aye. . ■:-".'
| -J "
STORES TO LET. . ' " ;•
GOOD corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick '■'.
basement cheap. Northeast corner of Fit- ""
j teenth and Dolores sts. ■ ' . • ; .-.'.
I FINE business corner, Eleventh and Mission
sts. ; rent reduced from $60 to $25.
1 PACIFIC. 1 324, near Sansome— handsome
I store cheap to good tenant.
I STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; desirable •'
for drug store; concrete cellar; 3 rooms.  . •'•
TWENTY-THIRD, 3552, near Guerrero— Store, "■
with fixtures ; 2 rooms and cellar; rent $15..
OFFICES TO L_.T.
i FIFTH, 24 (The Waldorf)— Elegant corner suite,.-
suitable for a doctor or dentist. .
~ ________ _
LOST.
GOLD eyeglasses, August 18, bet. Fourth and
Howard, Castro and Fifteenth sts. Reward. :
8241 Mission st. : . .
LOST — Brown and white Cocker spaniel dog;
lame and poor. Reward ■at 1810 Filbert Bt.
•BAY • horse, black - cart, with red gear; letter
i Pon bridle. Return to 222 Dolores st. • :
! LOST— Fox terrier; white, with black marks;
I female. Reward if returned to 1590 Post st.
j ST. BERNARD dog; 3 months old; liberal re- *
ward. 709 Larkin st.
I LOST— Light suit of clothing near ferry or on
ferry boat. Finder will please return the
same to MR.' CAMPBELL, 231 Fremont St.,
and receive reward. .
$5 REWARD— Lost in vicinity of Mission,
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets, gold key-
. stone charm with name GEO. STRAIT
SMITH. 2901 A Mission st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of LOUISA MARSILI, No. 149-292. The i
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND. ~ '
FOUND — A boy's overcoat In the park, near
Haight st., on August 28. Owner can call for
same at 7 Wall st. . ■
_ ...;■.. .._;.. MEDICAL. .. .. . -'.
- LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot .fall;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wis.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, ■
true iriends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,-
though else fail; ' delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. : 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.-
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V., •
obstetrics specialist, offices Hackmeier Hotel,
123 Eddy St., chronic and complicated dls- '
eases cured; patients assured first-class .
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest ' confidence maintained In all cases;
• consultation ' free. .Hours 9 to 11 and 2 to 8. '- ,
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all. female diseases: , posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre- '
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by .
mall en receipt of nrlce; 'consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write : us. . , ;"7:V>';
SELF-CURE can.be sent for -female trouble; -.
no matter from what cause and how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always In one day: safe and sure; no •
medicine or Instruments used: ■ consultation
free; eaves disgrace; 'pills and capsules, $1. •
By the well-known ladles' physician, for 37
years, DR. POPPER, ' 318 . Kearny st. '. '.
LADIES. Chlehester's English' Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; taka .-
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return' mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla, I
A TREATMENT "that" restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments. used: .
travelers helped •at ■. once: home In-, confine-
ment: every case- guarr-*eed; -consultation
free and ■ connoentlal: self-cure, $5: pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that '" restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers 'helped instantly; :
• home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gats
aye. :. private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; .terms
moderate; : Infants adopted Into good homes. •
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
'■male troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50; .
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSQQOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by. a first-class-
German midwife; Infants adopted into good
homes. : 615 Turk : St.. . near Larkin. ■
DR.' WISE, the ladies' specialist, has moved
to 1148 Market st., near Sixth. (Cut this out.")
MRS. i ACHARD.- midw<"~- home in confine- -
meat; confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st. ""
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254 '. Fourth st.
DR. HALL; 1228 Market St., diseases or women '
_ and children. "--.■.■■'-■ .... ..
DENTISTS. -
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new. flexib!« ■
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
: teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
; our specialty;, fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
.work -painless, and warranted. . Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.: telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors. 759 Market, bet. 3d
and Painless filling, extracting, ■". crowning
j and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $5
up; filling. 50c up; crowns and bridges,' $5 up;
extracting with gas, $1. ;•■ y ■ . .r> t^.\
DR.* GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer .of : painless extraction and
; patentee jof I improved .bridge • work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
• of 'teeth. : {5 .up;, fillings, "'2sc. up; .'. all work
.painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
■ ings. 997 Market st., cor. .Sixth. ;: - ..> ■
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New ■; York methods at New York .prices by .
New York dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LTTDLUM HILL; 1443 Market St.. near
v Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and filling a :
specialty, all work reasonable; gas given. ; ,
SET of teeth 'without a. plate. DR. H. C.
: YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. v C-;\j _'/■■' . :"■ : ...-. <; . ;
ALL work reasonable and warranted. „ DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market it., ::: .:.... . A
PAINLESS filling a'• specialty. DRS. PTSRRY
& CHRISTIE, 8 Mason st. a cor. Market ;v; v
I
1314
PERSONALS.
CHARMING widow, handsome and sensible,
no kindred, worth 200.000, seeks a kind, de-
voted, faithful husband. "Matrimony," 135
East Sixty-flap st., New York.
ALFRED S. CANNON, St. Paul, Minn. Ad-
dress box 575, Call office. San Francisco.
WIVES! Mothers!
Send -addressed envelope and I'll tell
you how to euro drunkenness without the
patient's knowledge. Don't send money.
MRS. MAY HAWKINS.
Grand Rapids. Mich.; lock box 131. D.
SEE Lederer'B Qulnonla Hair Tonic exhibit
In his windows this week; Quinonla Is a re-
markable discovery; nothing like It for the
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton.
HAIRDRESSINa with curls is the proper
thing; regular price 50c; my price +50; hair-
dressing only 25c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton st. ■{'■'■' i ' '.■'_ :-:V
BEND stamp and address for 40-page book,
copyrighted by PROF. .1. G. LEONARD,
world-renowned clairvoyant and psychic, 144
Warren aye.. Station D. Chicago. 111.
i>R. JULIUS ROSENSTIRN, 832 Sutter St.. baa
returned from abroad.
MARRY; Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list.
, is; many worth $50,000. Box 1551. Denver. Colo.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet • twine, in hank or chain, at lowest i
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
in WARD— Let us know If you are we!'.. We
expect a letter. MAMMA.
FORMER members of Mrs. Cooper's Penny
Purchasing clubs, 1345 Powell St.. will hear
something to their advantage by communi-
cating with box 104, Call office.
LADIES taught bicyclo riding at residence;
• reasonable; age no bar. A. 8., box 373, Val-
lejo. Cal. :
MASI' MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Krarny st. ; tel. Green 19.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st , near Market; 200 rooms,
Be to II BO per night; $1 50 to %C per week:
fire bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 116 Kearny.
ELECTRIC '• sealskin Jackets to order, $60.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market it.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
■MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN'S dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address D., 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-15.
DENVER LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DENVER. Colo.. Sept. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts
1500. Market weak and a shade lower. Beef
steers. $3 50@5 05: cows, $2 50@3 50; feeders.
freight paid to river, $3 7o'S 1 4 20: stockers,
freight paid to river, $3 So<g4 30; bulls, stags,
etc., $2*?3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market a shade lower.
Light packers. J3 65@3 70; mixed, $3 60© 3 65;
heavy, $3 50^3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800. Market firm. Good
fat muttons. $3-54 25; lambs. ?4 25@4 40.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. _
Saturday, September 3.
Ptmr State nf California. Thomas. ttVt hours
from Portland, via A6toria 39U hours.
Sohr Emma Claudlna, Nielsen, 9 days from
Tacoma.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 3.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
KEW YORK— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Bulgaria,
for Hamburg:; Ftmr Lucanla, for Liverpool; !
stmr La Touraine, for Havre; stmr Werken
dam. for Rotterdam; stmr Fulda, for Naples;
Etmr Pennland, for Southampton; ftmr Ethio
pia, for Glasgow; stmr Norge. for Copenhagen.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Weimar, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Canada,
from Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr
NoorOland, from New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Sep' Stmr Catalonia,
from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled Sept 3-Stmr Rhine
jand. f.,r Philadelphia.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
W. C. Bennett and Mlnette L. L. Sanford.. 29-25
Frank D. Wiley and Mary R. Bellmore. 32-20
Edwin Dahl and Florence Mott 37-33
W. Grlesfnger and Ingerburg Andreason.. 3l-19
Jose F. Rosa and Josephine Frenna 29-27
Albert A. Marlatt and Virginia A H0we11. 27-27
John L. Bunch and Jr.lla Delmaestro] 24-22
• Charles J. Greenwalt and Dora M Sheerer.3o-2S
Samuel W. Burgess and Ida G. Lumsden.. 24-21
John H. Hancock and Madelia Houcbee.... 26-21
Earl M. Hanchrtte and Gurgle Elliott 21-18
Arthur Burns and Jennie Calkins 2S-2S
George G. K»nny and Bertha C. Hnvich 30-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices pent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of i
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAUGH— In Alameda. August 17, 1898, to the
wife of George I Baugh, a daughter.
CHESNEY— In this city, August 30, IS9B, to the
wife of Andrew Chesney, a son.
GLASER— In this city, September 3, 1898, to the j
wife of 8. Glaser, a son.
HANSEN— In Alvarado, August 23, IS9B, to the
wife of A. E. Hanson, a Ron.
JIEATIK RN— ln this city, September 2. IS9S.
to the wife of W. E. Heathorn, twins— a son
and a daughter.
. HOPKINS— In this city. August 28. 1898. to the
wife of William R. Hopkins, a daughter.
KNEASS— In this city. August 24. 1898, to the
wife of George W. Kneass, a »on.
LEISHMAN— In this city. August 19. ISK, to
the wife of James Lelshman. a daughter.
McCAUGHEY— In this city, to the wife of E.
McCaughey, a son.
VALENTINE— In this city. August 3, 1898, to
the wife of John B. Valentine, a son.
MARRIED.
BROWN— ROGERS— In this city, August 24
189 S. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Harry D. Brown and Rose M. Rogers, both of
Vallf jo, Cal.
MBISTER— In San Rafael, February
16, IS9B, T. H. Burns and Fredericka Melster.
CASTO— FRITISCH— In this city, August 2.8
• IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
William S. Canto and Charlotte Frltsch. both
of San Francisco.
MORSE— IRVING— In this city. August 2."), 1898,
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke. Wil-
liam S. Morse and Edith C. Irving, both of
San Francisco.
,ROSSER-OSBORN*E— In this city, August 23
IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
John Rosser and Lulu A. Osborne, both of
Tomales, Marin County.
• RUCK.ER-WHITE— JuIy 19, 1838, at the First
. Baptist Church, by the Rev. E. A. Woods,
John R. Rucker and Dlanitla White.
TURNER— KERR-In this city, August 22
IS9S. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
James G. Turner and Lydla T. Kerr, both
of San Francisco.
'WALL— SMIDTH— In this city, August 23. 1898,
by the •• Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke
Charles E. Wall and Eda M. Smldth. both
of San Francisco.
"WESSELL— In this city, August 14,
1898, by the Rev. Father Pappearnl. John h' i
Weasel and Rosa J. Rossi, both of San Fran- j
'■ Cisco.
*"~~~ " DIED. "
.• Bates. Annie McHugh. Nellie
■ Bennett, Marianne Monaghan, Catherine
Callmberti, Vincent. Pries. Frederika
Conner, Capt. Wesley Prueffer, Emll
Dolan. Mary F. Turner. Raymond A.
Gannon. Mrs. E. Watt; Nellie
Levey, Matilda Welsh, Harry
BATES— In this city, August 31. 189S, Annie
Bates, sister of Edward F. Bates of Boston,
and Mrs. M. A. Johnson of San Francisco.
(Tuolumne County, Cal., and Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.) •
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Peter's
Church, corner Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.,
lIS Geary street.
BENNETT— In this city, September 2. IS9B,
Marianne, beloved wife of Henry C. Ben-
nett, and daughter of Mrs. G.T. Barnwell,
a native of Canada, aged 36 years.
ICFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). September 4, at 2 o'clock, from St.
Stephen's Church. (Episcopal), Fulton street,
between Webster and Flllmore. Interment
private.
CALIMBERTI— In this city, September 3, IS9S. 1
Vincent, brother of Kate and the late Joule
M. Calimbertl, a native of California:
(Fresno and Carson City papers please copy.)
. E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CONNER- In this city. September 3. 1898, Cap-
tain Wesley Conner, a native of Indiana, aged
■ 74 years 8 months and 23 days. -
G. A. R.— Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. : Com-
rades will assemble at the parlors of .Porter
& Whit", 122 Eddy street, to-morrow - (Mon-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
our late comrade,- Wesley Conner. By order of
C. J. HANDLEY, Post Commander.
H. L. BARKER, Adjutant.
DOLAN— In .this city. September 2. 1898. ■ Marr
: McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALSIERS
20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. ■>"
' '" ' Telephone, • South ■■ 80. '■
Frances, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Jnmeh J. Dulan, formerly of Bear Valley.
Marlposa County, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to "Mend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 936 Church street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets, where services will bo teld. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GANNON— There will be a month's mind re-
qul.-m high mass celebrated at St. Patrick's
Church. Tuesday, September 6. at 8 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Elisabeth Gannon, mother of Maggie,
Thomas, Joseph and Christina, Mrs. Piquerez
and Mrs. Withers, and sifter of Thomas and
Mary Kearney, Mra. Cunane and the late
Mrt: Maggie Lassalle. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
LEVEY— In this city, September 2, IS9S, Ma-
ti'da, beloved wife of Marks Levy, and
mother of Mrs. Fanny Newman, a native of
Bavaria, actd 7S years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3018V4 Sixteenth street. Train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MeHUGH— In Port Costa. September 2. IK9S.
Nellie, beloved daughter of William E. and
Lulu McIIURh, aged 5 years and 2 i.;onths-
MONAGHAN— In this city, September 2. IS9S.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Hugh Mon
aghan, and mother of Thomas, Joseph and
the late William and John Monb<?han. a na-
tive ot County Westmeath, Ireland, aged
65 years. (New York and Baltimore papers
please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respwt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i. Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. £69 Natoma street, thence to St
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the rupose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PRIES— In this city, September 1, IS?3, Fred-
erlka, dearly beloved wif« of Fred Pries,
mother ot Rodger, Julius. William, George,
Edward, Fred, Christopher, Charles and
Julia Pries, and sister of Christopher Ellsas
ser, a native of Baden. Germany, ageti 5J
yeans 10 months and 22 days. tNew York and
Brooklyn papers please copy.)
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this (lay
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late reii-
c nee, 372 Harriet street, bntween fcixth and
Seventh. Bryant and Hraiuian. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
PRI'EFKR— In this city. September 3, 189S,
Emll. beloved husband of Emma Pruefer, and
father of Elsa Prueter, a native, of Germany,
aged 35 years 9 months and S days. A mem-
ber of Musicians' Protective Union and Court
Huburtus No. 16. F. Of A.
E^*FTieiidt= and acnualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral Tuesday,
September t>, at S o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Lrterks & Co.. '.n>7 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
TURNER— In tnls city, September 2, IS9S, Ray-
mond A., beloved son of Lizzie and the late
Robert Turner, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years ttnd 16 days.
IP'The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his uncle, J. J. Groom, 111 Devisadero street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATT— In this city. September 3, is:is, Nellie,
beloved wife of James Watt, a native of Cali-
fornia, ;iged 34 years.
(CTlnternient private.
WELSH— In this city. September 1. 189S, Harry,
dearly belosed son of Michael and Hannah
Welsh, and brother of George, Hayward,
Ettle, Nellie, J c, Grace and Howard Welsh,
a native Of San Francisco, aged 16 years 4
months and 11 days.
(CFriends a:»a acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his tiarents. 90a Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Francis and Hannah Marx to Rosa Camano,
lot on E line of Laguna street, 72 S of Filbert,
S 34 by E 47:6; *10.
Fen.indo and Julia A. Nelson to Grace P.
Muynard, lot on N line of Liberty street, 254
E of Castro, E 2: by N 114; $10.
John, Ella, James and Nora McKeon (mi
nors) by Ellen Maguire (guardian) to C. P.
Lelgbton, lot ci; E line of Diamond street, luO
S or Nineteenth. S 35 by T 67; Jj.
Estate of Nora Bedell (l y Ellen Maguire ex
ecutrix) to same, same; $I*oo.
Estate of F. M. L. Peters. Martha E. and
J. F. Peters, Sarah L. and Charles Souther (by
M. F. Vandall commissioner) to B. P. Oliver,
lot on S line of Filbert street, 65 E of Taylor,
E 27:6 by S 130; BttO.
li. P. and Kate C. Oliver to Sarah L. Souther
(wife of Charles H. Souther), tame; $2230.
Sa.n Francisco and Fresno Land Company,
John Center and Emily J. Wilson to Slegfr'.-d
Mascu-s and Charleß R. Peterson, lot on NW
corner of Rhode Island and Alameda streets,
N 126 by W 100; JlO.
Francis J. Kirk to Frank and David Schnei
der, undivided two-ninths of lot on W lint- of
Kentucky street, 126 S of Twenty-eecond
(Sierra.;, S BO by W 100: gift.
F. K. and Mary F. Houston to Western
Financa Company, lot bounded on N by P
street. S by Q. E by Thirty-first avenue and
W by Thirty-second; JlO.
Lotta and John H. Bohlig to R-L-hard and
Anna Marshall, lot 9, block T, lurk Lane
Tract, map 5; JlO.
Benjamin Flshel to William Nolden, lot on
S line of Stanley street. 'M E of Victoria, E
60 by S 100, lots 20 and 27, block 40, City Land
Association; $200.
Hartley Clyne 'by E. B. Pond aqd H. C.
Campbell, trustee) to San Francisco Saving*
Union, 1533 d 334, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth
street. 200 W of Mission, W 25 by N 100. lot
27. block D. French & Gilman Tract (trustees'
deed); $580.
Alameda County.
John J. and Essie C. O'Rourke to Emoretta
E. Echlin (wife of Jnmes A.), lots 13 and 14,
block F, Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, Oakland
Annex; also lot beginning at SE corner of lot
14, block F, Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, thence
BE 100.60 to center of Temfscal Creek, thence
down center of said creek NW 42.F.7. NW 69.73
to a point where W line of said lot 13 extended
Intersects center line of said creek, thence NW
2C .84 to SW comer of lot 13, thence NE SO to
beginning. Oakland Annex; also lot on E line
of lot 12, 114 S nf Mattle avenue, NW 95, SW
US. S 56.24. E 80. N .'8.16 to beginning, block
F, Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, Oakland An
nex; $10.
W. and Chrintina Hlggins (by commissioner)
to Matilda Conn, lot on SE corner of Adeline
and Falrview streets, E 100, S 50. W 124:3. N
65:6^ to beginning, being a portion of plat 5L
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $600.
Frank N. and Anna C. Greeley to D. Satoff,
lot on E line of Euclid avenue, 00 S of Virginia
street, S 40 by E 125, being the S 40 feet of lot
4, block 13, Daley's Scenic Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James W. Cooley to Katie H. Cooley. lot 8,
block 3, Curtis Tract. Berkeley; fl.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary B. Kirkpatrlck (owner) with P. Grif
fin (contractor), architect A. Burgren. All
work, except setting mantels and gas fixtures,
for a two-story dwelling on E line of Cherry
street, 1D2:8'4 S of Clay. S 25 by E 137:6; $2370.
Mrs. Emma Joseph (owner) with M. J. Sav
age (contractor), architect none. All altera
tions and additions to a. two-story frame dwell
ing on S line of Geary street, 137:6 W of Oc
tavia, W 82:6 by S 120: $1562.
Charles Josselyn (owner) with J. F. Riley
(contractor), architect H. Gellfuss. Removing
and rebuilding of SE wall of two-story brick
building on NE line of Third street, 65 SE of
Mission, SE 25 by NE 77:6; $1600.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs M C HenryS Clara C Clarke, Term
Capt W H Cook, Bncia R M Medley, Alameda
G W Taylor&w.Bakrsd S M Neville. Ohio
Mrs C H Whlto.L Ang 8 J Ware. Fresno
Dr J G Thompson. Cal;W Pike, Fresno
W H F Smith. Chgo Miss A Thompson, Cal
Dr T H Bethel, Stktn H W Crabb, Oakvllle
Capt W H Cook. Bncia !w H Davis. Snta Rosa
J M Cromble, Mich iW R Clark. Stockton
A D Stillman. Or 111 Dlmlck. Vallejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J X Sutton, Cottonwd J McMahon, Petaluma
H Conklln. San Jose D W Robinson, Mich
Mrs Tyler. Stockton E J Ferguson. G Ellen
E Sullivan, Callstoga Mrs Ferguson, G Ellen
I Jacobs, Vancouver (i W Grlng, Los Ang
G Walker, S Cruz C J Kenah, Plttsburg
C McGovern, Oakdale M Ditzler. Fresno
P J Murtha, Sacto C S Marke, Modesto
M F Harney, L Ang Mrs C S Marke. Modes
F C Potter, Fresno J Mulroy, Chlco
J Carey. Reno IC F Owens. Sonora
J Johnson, N Mexico I
PALACE HOTEL.
Z R Thorburn, Colo Miss W Huntley. Cal
I Koßchorack. N V W H Spencer, Phila
F A Perrine & w, Cal T E Parish. Los Ang
L. fox. New York A L Stevens, N V
D S Dole, Palo Alto Q H Woodruff. Cal
R M Peace, Palo Alto J B Quigley. Sacto
P S Fisher, Palo Alto JMlse C A Potter, Boston
W D Page. San Rafael! Mrs Hayes. Santa Rosa
[I M Landsberger, Cal I Miss Hnyes, Sta Rosa
F Mahondeau. Paris I J Hambrick. Sausalito
vV J Cartan, Denver !F A Kenny, Portland
E Moors. Michigan ];• H Nlelson, Sta Rnsa
T D Talmage & w. DC]E D Wood & w, N V
E F Williams. Portland [D Dyckeroff. Germany
0 Dyckeroff. Germany iMrs ~E F Huntley, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
H Tletlg. Ohio W 3 Hassett. Sacto
C J E Taylor. Bakersd Miss X Hassett. Sac
3 C Hansen. El Dordo • Sarz, L Ang
F W Hill. Stockton Mrs Hayes. S Rosa
tV S Tinning. Martinez Miss Grace. S Rosa
A L Franklin&w.S Rsa W H Hillhouse, Oak
Dr T McCann&w. Soatl Dr A E O*born. Cal
C V Woodward&w.N V Dr A E Oaborn & w,
C B Hamilton. Fresno Eldridge
Q A Pennlman. S Jose L R Flint. Cal
B P Brown Jr. S Mateo R N Williamson. Stktn
r F Howell&w.R Bluff] R B Teefy. Stockton
J S La Rue. Placervl (G Balbect & w. Oakld
L S Crittenden. Stnfd J W Bowen. L Ang
T Keogh. Salt Lake Cde St Maurice. Colusa
w H Raymond. NY A J Davis. Colusa
H P Andrews. R Bluff L O Onstad. Martinez
J Crouch, Chlco C R Barney. S Rafael
E Crouch. Chlco J V Hill. Trenton
Mlbs M Crouch. Chlco A A Lamont&w.S Raa
Miss A Reid. Chico J M Button. Holllster
J R Robertson. Chlco Mrs W C Potts. Hollstr
W Grace. Portland Miss o p Potts. Hollstr
B L Smith. Redding s S Hall, Sfecto
J H Goldsmith & w, C Schmld. Sacto
Seattle Miss S A Spencer. Sac
J H Harrcld. N V |M!s= M Hooker. Sacto
Mrs A Witt, Fresno Mrs F J Stump & d.
A M Mixer, L Ang Brnlcla
L L Green, Oroville Miss H Tyron, Benlcia
W L Bell. Stanford j L Mauser. Eureka
P P Austin & w, S JsejH C Harris, w & a,
M D Chamberlain, Cal Dcs Molnes
H B Martin. San Jose jw D Reynolds. S Rosa
L Emery, Pa '
THE SAIST FKAKCISCO CALL, SUISTDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
MARTIMAS IS
DISQUALIFIED
In the Flatbush Stakes
for a Foul.
AUTUMN GIVEN FIRST PLACE
OMNIUM HANDICAP WON BY
ALGOL IN FAST TIME.
The Winners Over Harlem Track Are
Dunois, First Tenor, Abuse,
The Devil, Storm King
and Topmast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. J.— There was excite
ment of several kinds at Sheepshead Bay to
day, the principal thrill being felt when Mar
tlmas. who finished first for the Flatbush
Ftake-s, was disqualified and Autumn given
the winner's share of the stake. In this race
the favorite, Jean Beraud. did not finish one,
two, three. Algol covered himself with glory
by winning the Omnium handicap in 1:54 1-6,
with 126 pounds up. Tommy Burns ro.ie the
most winners, two In number, and they were
at very fair prioes, too. Tod Sloan's mounts
were not even in the money all day, and his
admirers had an agonizing time of it.
First race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
Uuiy Mitchell. 113.. ..Spencerl 0
Lambent, 129 ....K. Williams 2
Peep c/ Day. 140 Taral 0
Armament, 102 T. Burns 1
•Martha 11. 119 T. Sloan| 3
0 3 1
2 0 2n
0 2 3
1 110
3 0 0
Time, 1:15. Won cleverly. Second and third
Imperator 120, Colonel Tenny 104. Chum 96,
Tabouret 114 and The Kentuckian 109 also ran.
Sausallto odds— s to 1, 8 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 1, 8 to 1 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, turf track, one mile:
Name and W't. Jockeys.
U. V - %.
•Gala Day. 9^...T. Burns
Octave, 37 Semper
Scotch Plaid, M....Dupee
•Rondo, 10t» T. Sloan
Kosslfer. 101 ....E. Jones
1
0
3
0
2
I*4 I*4 12 1
0 0 2 2
3 2 3 3
0 3 0 0
2 0 0 0
Time, 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
Long Acre 107, Mount Washington 103, Gen
eral Maceo 94 and Charentus 103 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2hi to 1. 10 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 20 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorites.
Third race, the Flatbush stakes, seven fur
longs:
Name and AVt. Jockeys.
hi-
V - %• Str. Fin.
Martlmas, 120 L
Autumn, 112 M
Froshlnn, 115 Si;
Ethel bert, 115..Cun'fc
W. Overtoil, 11J....8
Manuel, 105 Spe
1% 2 2 1^ tl
2 0 0 3 2
0 0 0 0 3
0 0 0 2.4
0 1 h 1 h 0 0
3 0 0 0 0
tPisqualifled for foul. Autumn given first
money, Froshlnn second, Ethelbert third
money.
Time, 1:29. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Jean Beraud 115. Fillgrave 115, Duke of Mid
dleburg 120 and Kingdom 115 also ran.
Sausalito odd*— l 2to 1, 6to 1 and 15 to L
Track odds— ls to 1, Bto 1 and 15 to 1.
'Favorite.
Fourth race, the Omnium handicap, one and
an eighth miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
»4. tf. \. lm. Fiiu
Algol. 126 ...... T. B
Huguenot, 118 ...Spe
Bangle, 105 ..:.... 13a
Floronso, 110 ....Cla'
Lady Marian. 85.0'C0
1
0
0
3
2
2 2 2 l'/i
0 0 0 2Vi
0 0 0 * 3
1 h Ins Hi 0
3 3 - 3 - f 0
Time, 1:54 1-5. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Pink Coat 116, •Dnmien 109, Sailor King 104
and George Keene 110 also ran.
SaußiUSto odds— 6 to 1, 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 1, 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds, about six
furlongs:
Helen Thomas, 110 (Simms) 1
•The Lady in Clue, 110 (Spencer) 2
Veracious, 110 (T. Burns) a
Time, 1:11 1-6.
Favonlous 110, Mark Miles 110, Anitra. 107,
Belle of H 107, Freak 107, Grey Jacques 110.
George Simmons 110, Menu 107, Lioness 107.
Kugd<»n 107, Mlb3 Smith 107 and Al Reeves 107
also ran.
Bausallto odds— 4 to 1, 3 to 2 and 4 to L
Track odds— s to 1, S to 5 and 1 to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race, short course, steeplechase:
•Diversion, HI (Veltch) 1
Oovernor Budd, 142 (Finnlgan) 2
Widower. 13S (Dayton) 3
~Tlme, 4:23.
Jubilee 142, Mclntyre 13S, Herrmann the Great
137 and Sir Roderick 140 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 5. 4 to 1 and 12 to L
Track odds— 7 to 10. 4 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
FIRST TENOR, J. WOODS UP,
Wins a Good Race for Burns &
Waterhouse at Harlem.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— The Harlem track was
airaln fast and In every race good time was
made, especially In the last. H. Martin rode
the winner of the first race and little Johnny
Woods rut First Tenor to the front at the fin
ish for Burns & Waterhouse. The firm's Can
df-larla finished third In the last race, bui
was disqualified and Treachery given "the
show."
First race, selling, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
%■
%. %. Str. Fin.
•Dunolß. 110 ...H. M;
Dave R. 109
L. Blossom, 99..McN
Lew Hopper, 108. Nar
G. H. Kctchum, 105.)
3 2 2 2% IV4
11 12 12 11 2
0 0 0 0 3
2V4 0 0 0 0
0 3 3 3 0
Time. 1:27%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Ruskln 106. Dlggs 105, W C T 105. Borden 106,
Indra 108 and Madrilene 109 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1. 12 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Tra'k odds— 7 to 2, 20 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, live furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
%. %. Str.Fln.
First Tenor. 93 J. W<
•Boney Boy, 10S B
Antiquary, 93 G
A. McKnlght, lo3..Roberl
Iris, 95 McNi.
Bloss OS i
Lucille Bramble. 95 ..Jen]
0 0 0 1%
0 0 0 2
0 0 0 8
11 0
2 2 10
3 3 2 0
0 0 3 0
Time, 1:01%. Won cleverly. Second and thira
driving.
Klttie Mar 90, Little Mlnch Jr, 93 and Dolly
WlethofT 9G also ran.
Saunaiito odds— 3 to 1, 2 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Trai k odds— 4 to 1, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third rare, the Jackson handicap, one and a
sixteenth miles:
Name and'Wt. Jockeys.
%. %. %. Str. Fin.
The Devil, 99 Rose
•Azucena, 105 Conley
Uarda, 90 J. Relft
K'g's Highway. SO.Seaton
2
1
4
3
1 11 12 14
2 2 4 2 3 2
4 4 3 3
3 3 4 4
Time, 1:48. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 7 to 10 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 4 to 5 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
%. %. Str.Fin.
•Abuse. 117 !
Vlary Black, 108 J.
rtmomaker, 112 ...McD(
Imp. Smn'r Sea, 99.McN
3
1
4
3
2 2 111
14 14 2
4 4 3
. 3 ;. . 3::V4;.-.
Time, 1:14. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 5, 2% to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 6, 5 to 2 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, mile and seventy yards:
Name ami Wt. Jockeys.
%.^H-u%:str.rin.
•Storm Kin*, <N..J.
D. Tenny. 112. . H. I
What Next, 98.. Me I
Imp, 112 si
1 lh 11 11 13
3 3 3 2 12
4 4 4 4 3
242421S 4
Time, 1:44. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— Even, 2% to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds — Even, 3 to 1 and 7 to J.
•Favorite,
Sixth' race, selling, mile and an eighth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, hi- %• ?4- lm - Fin -
Topmast, 106 Conley 3 3 2 3 Ins
Plantain, 8S Rose 2 1 14 14 2
•Candelarta, 110. McDonald 0 0 0 0 t3
Treachery, 98 J. Reiff 0 0 0 0 4
Deyo, 88 McNlckle 12 8 2 0
tDlsqualified for foul. Treachery placed
third.
Time, 1:53%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Deerfoot 92. Jack of Hearts 101 and Mon
crelth 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1. 8 to 1 and 6 to 5.
Track odds— B to 1, 10 to 1 and 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
READVILLE'S MEETING
COMES TO A CLOSP
RBADVILLB, Mass., Sept. 3.— The grand
circuit meet closed to-night. The gathering
darkness put an end to the sport and the judges
took advantage of the rule and declared the
last race Hnished. Results:
2:12 trotting, purse $1500 (unfinished)— Jasper
Ayres won nn»t second and seventh heats.
Time. 2:09, 2:10, 2:17. Much Ado won fifth and
sixth heata. Time, 2:12^4, 2:16. Cut Glass won
third heat In 2:lo\i- Georgiana won fourth heat
In 2:12^. Fred Kiel. Hans McOregor. Queechy,
Percy, D L C, Dick, Gayton and Ruby also
started.
2:15 class trotting purse $ICOO— Aloesa won In
straight heats. Time, 2:12%, 2:13%. 2:11%. Ser
pol second, Success third. Genrol, Squeezed,
Nlchol H, Jolly Bird. Greene Prince, Purity
Wilkes and Frank Pierson also started.
2:OS class pacing, purse $1500— Giles Noyes
won first, fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:07 V«.
2:09%, £:liai. Courier Journal won second and
third heats. Time. 2:08^, 2:10»4. Monopole
third. Quadriga, Reina and Prince also started.
2:11 class pacing, purse JirOO (called on ac
count of darkness)— lndiana won first and sec
ond heat?. Time. 2:08-%. 2:10%. Evangellne. won
third heat in tzVPA. Sterling third. O M C,
Charlie, Terrlll S, Nellie Bruce, Hanna Duplex
and Drogeu also started.
MONTEREY CAPTURES THE
GRASS VALLEY PURSE
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 3.— The attendance at
the race this af te«ioon was the largest of
the week by far.
In the five-eighths of a mile . running, beats,
for the Omaha Mining- Company purse, Iron
Jacket won in 1 •'■.-* and 1:04. :■ '-. -
The Nevada County Narrow-gauge Railroad
Company handicap, mile dash, was captured by
P. A. Flnnegan in l:43Vi- Maringa took second
money and Nonchalance third.
The free-for-all for Grass Valley purse was
won by Monterey In two straight heats. Time,
2:07% and 2:15».
In the 2:17 class trot for the Union Hotel
purse Myrtle Thome led under the wire In two
straight heats. Time, 2:2iH£, 2:22.
The Union Livery Stable purse for pacers,
2:18 class, went to Billy Baker. Time. 2:22,
2:23%. :
NEWPORT'S OPENING DAY.
Syndicate Eetting Prevails, but lib-
eral Odds Are Offered.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 3.— The autumn meeting
of the Quren City Jockey Club at Newport
opened to-ilay in a most successful manner.
The attend-inue v.-;is large, the betting good and
the track fa>t. Syndicate betting prevailed at
the track, but the odds offered were liberal
and the eight hook." did a big business. The
meeting will continue until September 30. Sum
maries:
First race, six furlongs:
John Boone, 107 <\V. Dunn), 10 to 1 1
Nick Carter, 110 (HaJlman), 4 to 1 and S to 5. 2
Braw Lad. 112 (Beckley), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:14.
Old Law, Decision, "Wiggins, Caddie C, Gar
net Ripple, Donva Hage and Turtle Dove also
ran.
Second race, five furlongs, selling:
riccola, 104 <South;ird>, 7 to 2 1
Cheesemite. 10 1 (N. Hill). 12 to 1 and 5 to 1.. 2
Gay Parisionne, lu9 (Mclntyre), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:02.
Mananu, Flying Bird, Becky Ban, Salvarse,
Krinkle. Lela Murray, Georgie, Duplicate, Bes
sie Ewing and Nancy Fordham also ran.
Third race, one mile.:
Bon Jour, 109 (Britton), 6 to 1 1
Possum, 109 (J. Muthtws), 7 to 2 and 6 to 5.. 2
Dudley E, 109 (N. Hill), 8 to 1 3
Time, IAI%.
Annie Oldtteld. Lord Fraser, Sansaba R, The
Doctor, Dashaway. Jessie S and White Leaf
also ran.
Fourth ra.cc, mile and an eighth, selling:
Don Clarenclo, 102 (Britton), 2 to 1 1
Oraham Montroae, »4 (Chenault), 30 to 1 and
10 to 1 2
OUean, 97 (Nfutt). 20 to 1 3
Time. l:54Vi.
Jack Hayes, Nance D, Princess Teck and
Argus also ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs:
King Carnival. 112 (N. Hill), even 1
VolaniMos. 110 (Knight), 13 to 5 and 4 to 5 2
Pat Carrot, KM (Southard), 7 to 1 3
Time, l:oS*i.
Paca, Lafayette, Estabrooks, Spree and Ray
mond W also ran.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling:
Doncella, 106 (Nutt). 3 to 1 1
Kitty It. lOH (J. Mathews), 3 to 2 and 1 to 2.. 2
Paul Kauv.-ir, 112 (W. Dean), 2 to 1 3
Time. I:MVi.
Fresco, Harry Shannon, Royal Choice and
Rey E also ran.
FORT ERIE ACCIDENT.
Parson Falls and Jockey Coylio Is
Badly Injured.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 3— Jockey Coylie
broke an arm to-day and had to have thrcv*
fractured ribs mendefl. Parson fell In the last
round of the steeplechase, so injuring himselt
that he was immediately destroyed. Summa-
ries:
First race, one mile— Percilla won, Infellce
second, Rockwood third. Time, 1:43%.
Second race, five furlongs— Prospero won, Kit
tie Regent second, Frankle third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Nellie Baker
won, Locksley second, Annie Laureate third.
Fourth race, sev»n furlong*— Alice Farley
won, E<l Farrell second, Miss Gussle third.
Time, 1:27%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Xeada
won, Florldlan second, Klurlne third. Time,
1:09%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Debride won. Ferry
man II second. Lady Irene third. Time, 1:15%.
Seventh race, short course, steeplechase — Pop
ulist won, Arrezzo second. Last Fellow third.
Time, 4:54«4.
Valencienne Wins a Stake.
ANACONDA, Mont., Sept. 3.— First race,
three and a half furlongs— Red S won, Dutch
II second. Rattler third. Time. :44.
Second race, five furlongs— Rey Hooker won,
Oenrona second, St. Aloysius third. Time,
l:05H.
Third race, mile and twenty yards— Los Prle
tns won, Charlotte M second, lx>rena II third.
Time, 1:47.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. Smelt
er handicap, purse $1000— Valencienne won, Imp.
Missloner second. Miss Rowena third. Time,
1:13.
Fifth rnce. two miles— Mary Barnes won. Mc-
Pn-or sreond, Barracan third. Time, 3:40^.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Kaiser Ludwig won.
Joe Cotton second, Rlcardo third. Time,
1:06%.
Racing at Hartford.
HANFORD, Sept. 3.— The closing day of the
Hanford Racing Association's meeting was
marked by good racing and many surprises.
It was an oft flay for favoritea and the dark
horses captured purses and honors. A lar^e
crotvd was present and the betting was brisk.
Summary:
Three-eighths of a mile dash— Burris' Violet,
Klrkman's Spider, Hanford Stable's Mendicant
and English's Mollle Gray. Violet won.
Free-for-all trot, 2:40 class— Nanny's Glenway,
Howard's Little Billle and Kirkman's Smooth
ey. Rmoothey won
Half-mile dash — Burris' Evans, Tibbetts'
Lady Kern and Hanford Stables' Defender.
Defender won.
Mile bicycle race — Tllton and Patnot. Tilton
THE WAR WITH SPAIN.
Peace Day Celebration of the Califor
nia Society, Sons of the Amer
ican Revolution.
"Our Late "War With Spain" was the
subject of a most interesting and highly
instructive lecture delivered at Pioneer
Hall la?t evening by William H. Jordan,
the occasion being the peace day celebra
tion of the California Society. Sons of the
American Revolution. A large number of
ladies and their escorts were the guests
of the society for the evening. Mr. Jor
dan first reviewed the events leading up
to the war, after which he displayed upon
an Immense screen views of Cuba, Ha
vana, Santiago and other places, Ameri
can ships of war and the prominent land
and naval flgrues, scenes of Manila and
the Philippines, Admiral Dewey, his
shipß and the results of his great battle;
the land and sea engagements at Santi
ago, and the investment of Porto Rico
by Miles. Over 300 views were shown,
and the large audience testified to their
appreciation and patriotism by almost
continuous rounds of applause. Each
scene was described by the lecturer, who
has the somewhat "unusual advantage
among rostrum speakers of distinctly
pronouncing every word, a gift his hear
ers fully appreciated.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wtth
OT without rernova,!. J. Noonan, 1017-10J3 Mission.
DE WITT TALMAGE
AS A SOOTHSAYER
The Noted Divine Here
With a Prophecy.
TALKS OF THE MILLENNIUM
POLICY OF RUSSIA DISCUSSED
BEFORE HIM.
Washington's Famous Minister and
Lecturer Treats of the Various
Topics of the
Day.
The Rev. T. De Witt Talmage of the
First Presbyterian Church, Washington,
D. C, arrived yesterday morning via
Portland and is staying at the Palace. He
will remain In this city until Tuesday,
when he will leave for the south. He will
lecture in San Diego on Thursday and in
Los Angreles on Friday. Should the cir
cumstances be favorable he will return to
San Francisco and give one or two lec
tures before he leaves for his home.
"This is the beginning of a new millen
nium," he said yesterday. "The manifesto
HE TALKED WITH PRINCES.
REV. DE WITT TALMAGE, the Noted Di
vine, Who Arrived in This City Yes
terday and Discussed International
Policy.
of the Czar of all the Russlas is a shining
of the Bethlehem star and means peace
and good will to all the world. I heard
the entire matter talked over five years
ago when I was visiting at the palace of
Alexander 111, the father of the present
monarch. The whole policy of peace and
International disarmament was spoken of
In my presence by Alexander's Empress.
She then said that if any great war broke
out in Europe it would not take birth at
the Russian palace. The present Czar,
who was there at the time, expressed the
same peaceful sentiments. This manifesto
of the ruler of Russia Is not a sudden,
momentary creation, but a deliberate and
premeditated net. It comes from a ruler
of the largest empire on earth and is of
the greatest consequence to the entire
civilized world."
Dr. Talmage then drifted to a consider
ation of war effects, commercial and hu
manitarian.
"We started to liberate Cuba," he con
tinued, "and opened the world to Chris
tian civilization. It was not a matter
where Cuba was alone concerned; every
people and every country is interested.
The death knell of superstition and bar
barism and cruelty was rung out In
strong, bold tones. Some human races
have been too long under the heel of
cruelty and oppression and this war
struck a death-dealing blow to all tyran
nies. It is a grand start for Christianity,
which is only another name for kindness.
"The Spanish nation will get more from
this than any other people. Their dynas
ty will have to be reformed or over
thrown. Two governments must be got
out of the world or suffer a reformation,
and they are Turkey and Spain. Turkey
ground its heel on the Armenians and
Spain on all its colonies. These two
governments are synonymous with cruel
ty and retardation of all public welfare.
"This war has been a boon to us and
all others. Its benefits are not to be
measured with its evils, for they are In
too great a superabundance to admit of
any attempt at balancing. From the
commercial point of view we have been
lifted out of the rut of 'hard times' and
it needed an earthquake to get us out.
Hard times and the pessimists are all
dead.
"I think the mission of mercy should
extend to the Philippines. I do not favor
the employment of force In a conquest of
the islands, but the people who inhabit
them should be given their own choice."
Dr. Talmasre will attend the services at
Rev. John Hemphlll's church this morn
ing.
WHEAT MAY DECLINE,
BUT ONLY TEMPORARILY
PRICES HIGHER HERE THAN
ELSEWHERE.
While the Local Crop Is Short, the
Supply at Large Will Tend to
Boost the Market.
The wheat market during the past
week was fairly active. Prices were dis
posed to harden at the beginning of the
week on an urgent demand for spot. The
strength was a net of a iasting character.
Elevator Interests sold futures to hedge
spot holdings, causing a weak feeling in
September and the more deferred fu
tures, resulting in a decline of 2(ft.3V6 cents
at the close of the week. Foreign mar
kets displayed a downward tendency, un
doubtedly reflecting the free movement of
wheat in America to market centers.
It is evident the crop will not fall short
of 700,000,000 bushels. Nebraska shows a.
crop of 4,500,000 bushels this year against
27.000,000 last year Harvesting through
out the spring wheat sections is pro
gressing under favorable conditions. The
storing of grain this year has greatly
increased over that of former years.
Crops abroad are reported fully up to
expectations except Russia. That consid
erable damage has resulted in that coun
try seems well confirmed.
The one absorbing fact regarding the
situation is to what extent low reserves
which characterized the conditions exist
ing at the beginning of the new crop
year will be required from the present
crop to nil up the holes brought about by
the high prices prevailing three months
ago. The effect will not be felt until
later, when an awakening may be
brought about. The cheapness of money
is a factor favorable to fair prices for
wheat. During the low prices of 1893-96
the financial condition of the country was
a potent factor In depressing all " farm
products. Importing countries are dis
posed to hold off bofore entering into
contracts for their future wants in an
ticipation of more favorable conditions to
buy. The market, so far, has been with
out this support, thereby giving the short
seller his own way. Elevator interests
are favorable to low prices at the begin
ning of a new crop to enable their ele
vators to be filled at cheap prices. The
situation in Eastern markets would indi
cate that prices were not far from bed
rock. Any decline can only be tempo
rary.
Wheat in the local market showed con-
Bifleraole activity during the week ad
vancing from $1 12% to $1 17%, back to
tl 13V* for December. The advance was
caused by too many getting short at low
prices; when they tried to fill they found
a few bulls who helped them bid the
price up. As soon as the frightened
shorts pot in ' the price sagged down
again. The local wheat market is the
highest in the world, due in the main
to the short crop. Oregon and Washing
ton wheat is only sparingly offered There
is room for a further decline in order to
meet prices prevailing elsewhere upon a
shipping basis. December may work off
to $1 10 before a rally takes place.
Barley was advanced upon shorts cover
£s- The feelin P ha * asain grown weaker,
i tie nearer December comes the weaker
the market will prove. Few if any of
the present holders will car© to take de
liveries. The result will be a flood of
selling orders thrown upon a w«»k mar
ket. Those who anticipate a corner will
be mistaken. R. c. MuLcAHY
Libel for Wages.
Joseph Santmier , and Joseph Anderson
filed a libel yesterday, in the United States
2i5 t S ct n Cou 55 t * a « ains t the bark Agate for
$444 50 alleged to be due as wages.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ...
" '■ ' ' , , - ■••■'•.'■•*
* - • ■ ■?&;,.
" _____ ' ■niiiinii.i __^^._,.JM_UJ" ,_,««_■ -- .-.'— ' •'■^ > ' : -'
%£ WHO ARE WEAK *
{ 1 LET ME CURE YOU; f
-% /*— — — — — .—. — -*•*****•• . . •- . ':- : •■.■ a. - ;
■__" ' :■■ ■ ' ••,1:
* — — — • ■ • •**.■,
I FREE I
«|4 _HL- - j_ ■ ■ ;..; ..'-^ -
* FO/? OA^^ WEEK TO PROVE THAT 0
I VITALISM CURES SEXUAL *
I • '-^ ;
|: CALL OR WRITE FOR BOOK. ft
DOCTOR ROUSEL AND ASSOCIATED PHYSIr 1
* ; CIANS, 323 Kearny Street. Hours 10 to %.
** 4 and 7to 8. Sundays 10 to 12. *
*.\ .■_.** . ;.. ■ ' ' - - . ; ;^E
WATCHING THE
BUREAU CHIEF
Latest Phase of the Chi
nese Scandal.
FEDERAL SLEUTHS AT WORK
ON THE EVE OF SENSATIONAL
DEVELOPMENTS.
Belief That Chief Meredith Is Re
sponsible for the Leakage That
Has Occurred in His
Office.
There was much agitation in Federal
circles yesterday over the publication of
the compromising letters found, on the
person of Shew Hon by Chinese Inspect
or Lynch and Interpreter Gardner, in
which letters appeared the statement
that Chinese brokers were in the habit
of receiving transcripts of the state
■nents made to the officers of the bureau
by the immigrants on their arrival. These
transcripts were for the use of the Chi
nese witnesses before the bureau. It is
a plain proposition that if a professional
perjurer knew the story that an immi
grant had told the Chinese Inspectors on
the Mail Dock it would be very easy fqr
the perjurer to corroborate the immi
grant's testimony in every particular, and
thus Insure his landing without any dif
ficulty.
The shorthand reporters for the bureau
are Walter D. Hoyt and Miss Madeleine
Lissak, the latter of whom divides her
time between the Chinese Bureau and .
the Immigration Office. Mr. Hoyt writes
the eclectic system of shorthand taught
in many business colleges throughout
the United States. Miss Lissak write*
the Ben Pitman system, one entirely dlf- ■
ferent from the eclectic. Mr. Hoyt says
that at the close of each day's work ho
locks up his notebook and his trans
cripts in Chief Meredith's locker, the
keys of which are held by Mr. Meredith.
Miss Lissak often writes in the office of
the Immigration Commissioner, next
door, until 6 p. m., and is obliged to leave
her notebook in her typewriter desk, and
sometimes has transcript, because the
Chinese Bureau office is closed before
that hour and there is no safe in the of
fice of the Immigration Commissioner,
However, the Government officials now
working upon the case do not believe
that the transcripts were received by
the Chinese brokers from the reporters'
desks, and they do not suspect either
Miss Lissak or Mr. Hoyt of having any
knowledge of the transcripts being re
moved from the office.
The finger of suspicion which on last
Friday pointed at the office of the bu
reau, pointed at two men. Yesterday the .
inquiry had been narrowed down to such
an extent that the linger pointed ' to
only one man on the Caucasian side of
the conspiracy.
The history of past administrations -of
the Chinese bureau has been of such a
character as to call for a reversal of the
rule of law which regards every accused
person innocent until his guilt be proved.
In other words, the accusation is a proof
of guilt until the accused upsets it by
proof of innocence.
The fact that Chinese regard bribery
and perjury as legitimate, and the tur
ther fact that much money Is expended
to secure the landing of Chinese is cor
roborative of the damning significance
of the terms employed by ..'he .
unknown "Chow" in his letter to Tal Nin
wherein he speaks about the transcript of
testimony to be furnished by "the white
man." Hence the suggestion of Chief
Meredith that "Chow" may have been
boasting of his Influence in order to se
cure client.- does not accord with the
facts in the present case nor with the
past history of the bureau.
At any rate, the Government officials do
not think that "Chow" was making any
false representations in his letters, for
they have caused pnotographic copies to
be made of the Chinese letters, transla
tions of which were published in yester
day's issue of The Call. The object of
this scrutiny is to determine, if possible .
the identity of the Chinaman who wrote
the letters, so that his connection with
the bureau might be investigated. ■
Hints thrown out by officials, boih of
high and low degree, point to no othfr
person than Chief Meredith himself as
the one responsible for the leakage. What
proof they may have for this suspicion
or belief they decline to make public at
this time, and. in fact, they have en
veloped the affair with that mysterious
glamor which is the one. ludicrous char
acteristic of the manner in which the af
fairs of the Government have been con
ducted in this city. They decline to take
the public into their confidence and pre
fer to burrow, mole-like, underground
burying the results in secret dispatches
and reports to Washington. It is ex
peoSed, however, that within a day or
twe important discoveries will be made
wtMh even Federal reticence cannot keep
trod the public ear. .
The attorneys, Thomas D. Rlordan, Ly
man I. Mowry and M. M. Foote, .who.
have handled the bulk of Chinese cases
for the past year or so. deny all knowl
edge of wrong doing on the part of the
bureau and, of course, unite in saying;
that the bureau was never purer than it
has been under the present admlnlstra^
tion.
A carrier-pieeon service was estab
lished by the Turks A. D. 567. .;. .ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
COIN NEEDED
FOR THE CITY
Council in No Hurry to
Attack the Levy.
TAXES WILL BE HIGHER
AUDITOR SNOW HAS MADE
SOME BIG CUTS.
Honey for Improvements Will In-
crease the Levy a Large Per
centage Over That o*
Last Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■•■ . . 908 Broadway, Sept. 3.
. ••' • There seems to be a disinclination on the
part of certain members of the City Coun
cil to start in on the tax levy. There was
: to have been a meeting of the commit
tee of the whole last week to take up
."the matter, but enough members stayed
/■.away to break a quorum and no meeting
. .has yet been held.
;- { It is well known that the levy this
year cannot be less than 15 cents higher
than it was last year. This difference
is partly caused by the amount to be
raised for making the Improvements on
Lake Merritt and surrounding sewers.
In his estimate Auditor Snow appropri
ates $42.:>M for a park and boul<
fund, which makes of itself a tax of
10 cents. As it is pnM to be necessary
to raise $80,000 for these improvements,
it Is evident that Mr. Snow Intends that
this money shall come out of two fiscal
■.years, although he has estimated a gen
eral fund of $17,919, the neater part of
which c^n if . ecessary be used -jn the
Lake ftlarritt proposition.
■ ■ The Auditor 11;».s1 1 ; ». s completed his prun
ing of the department estimates and
■$oi»i is cut off the Board of Works, while
■$3000 is added to the City Council fund.
He has cut $1000 off the city engineer's as
sistant's account, while he has compll
■ "menn-d City Electrician Carleton by
leaving his account untouched. About
17000 has been sliced from the Fire De
partment, while the Auditor also cuts
cut about $70,000. asked for by Chief Ball
for new engine houses and plant, mostly
for the annexed district. Some .*
cut from the Free Library fund, and the
same amount from the Health Depart
ment, while Chief Flctchor evidently
shares the same opinion as Mr. Snow
regarding the needs of the Police De
partment, for there is only £30 dif
ference between their estimates, which
are over S7S.'X>O.
Mr. Snow outs $21/'OO off the estimates
of the School Department, leaving them
$256,7%. Street Superintendent Miller
wanted $137.76.*. while Mr. Snow says he
can get along wiih $92,275. Altogether
Mr. Snow reduces the department esti
mates $140,032, leaving the amount re
quired for the next fiscal year at
1898,627.
The passage of an ordinance cutting
the liquor license in half would have a
marked effect on the municipal income,
for the estimated revenue from this
source is $82,000. The $41,000 which would
be received if the lfc<-nst> were reduced
is equal to about 9 cents on the entire
levy. Now that the Auditor has finished
his task, the City Council will take the.
estimates up In committee of the whole,
after which they will report to the Coun
cil an ordinance fixing the tax levy,
which will go to the Mayor, who also
has the privilege of approving or vetoing
it.
MYSTERIOUS COLLECTOR.
No Clew as to Who Drew the $600
Check in Favor of the Crane
Company.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— Thus far no clew
has been discovered to identify th<- bogus
agent who drew tho $600 from the city
treasury due the Crane Company. It Is
believed, however, that "agent" was one
who "knew the ropes."
The mysterious disappearance of the
money was the leading topic of conver
sation at the City Hall to-day. The mat
ter has been placed in the hands of the
police, and detectives are now working
on the case. In speaking about the mat
ter to-day City Treasurer Gilpln said:
"Wo do not pay out money to perfect
strangers, and I think that a thorough
Investigation will show that the man was
brought In by some one known to us.
I am now having the matter looked into
thoroughly, but as yet I am not In a
position to say that I even suspect any
particular person of getting away with
the money. I am satisfied from the rep
resentations of the Crane Company that
• the firm has not received the money. The
officiate of the company have acted very
• fairly in the matter. They admit that
'they were careless in not calling for the
..money sooner. If they had done so it
would have been much easier to locate
the guilty party, but I think that he will
be found in time."
DECLARED NOT INSANE.
Mrs. Day and Daughter, Neverthe
less, Still Think They Are
Doomed.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Mrs. S. W. Day
and her daughter Laura, who were
•placed in the insane ward at the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday afternoon, were
discharged by the Lunacy Commission
ers to-day. ,
When they were examined it was
found that they were suffering from nerv
ous prostration bordering on melancholia.
• They answered all questions rationally
and gave no evidences of mental derange
ment; but as soon as placed in a carriage
to be taken to the County Infirmary for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OTFREEJOMEN
The Stata Medical Institute Diacovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It !
cur> d so many men who had battled for |
years against the mc-ntal and physical i
suffering of lost manhood that the lnstl- j
tute has decided to distribute free trial '
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
: cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
efff-ct of warmth and seems to act direct '
to the drsired location giving strength !
r,nrt development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that i
come from years of misuse of the natural ;
functions and has been an absolute sue- I
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne Ind., statirfg that;
■ you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Ib desirous of reach ng that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
' able them to see how easy it is to be |
cured of sexual weakness when the
• proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample, j
carefully se/led in a plain package so j
" that its" r/clpient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers aro
requested to write without delay.
rest and treatment, Mrs. Day exclaimed,
"Now we're doomed."
Judging from past experiences, it is re
garded as almost impossible to keep these
patients confined at the Infirmary.
THE WIFE LEFT iIRST.
Her Departure Did Not Besult in
Making John Eiley Particu
larly Penitent.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— Evidence was in
troduced before Judge Ogden this morn
ing in the divorce suit of Mrs. Josephine
A. Elley against her husband, John P.
Elley, on the grounds of desertion and
cruelty.
It developed that the wife first left her
husband for the purpose of bringing him
into a penitential mood for misconduct.
Elley. however, concluded that two could
play* at this game, and accordingly packed
up his persona! property and left the owe
quiot h.nm\ wherefore his spouse prayed
for a divorce.
Judge Ogden refused to grant a decree
of divorce, but allowed plaintiff to file
a supplemental complaint. His honor in
formed her that the husband was cap
tain of the "home ship" and perhaps
could not be brought to terms by his
mate. Elley formerly worked in the
Street Department.
For Clean Bakeries.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— Sanitary Inspector
Perkins has been looking into the sani
tary conditions of the bakeries of the city
and has found some where cleanliness is
a secondary matter, but the proprietors
of these have been warned and will prob
ably comply forthwith.
A JOKE ON
THE MAYOR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 3.
Mayor Thomas is wondering who has
played a joke on him or on a morning
newspaper. Yesterday morning he read
in a paper that Lady Yarde Buller had
written to him a letter referring to her
claims in the old Kirkham property ad
joining Lake Merritt. The article "tated
that the letter "written in an aristocratic
angular hand and containing some legal j
references" had been sent to the Mayor j
and that he had stated that Lady Yarde
Buller "will be given every opportunity
to prove her claim, but he doubts that she
has any claim worth considering."
"This is a funny kind of a joke," said
Mayor Thomas. "I understand that Lady
Yarde Buller is not altogether responsible
for what she does, and yet, 1 read in the
Examiner that 1 have received a letter
from her in which she asks me a cour
tesy regarding some tide lands and that
1 have expressed an opinion on the same.
This is all news to me. I have received
no letter, although I noticed that the date
is August 30. and I am s^re that I have
not been so foolish as to express an opin
ion about something of which I know
nothing and of the existence of which I
was not even aware.
"The letter in the 'aristocratic angular
hand' must be a fiction, or else there is
pumehing radically wrong with the Oak
land postal department, and I do not
think there is/ as we now have a brand
new Republican Postmaster. I made
some Inquiry as to how the letterand my
alleged interview had been obtained, and
was told that they had just 'drifted in'
but I got no more satisfaction." *
Mayor Thomas is not at all pleaserl that
his name has been used in connection
with a letter, which, if ever written, can
only he accounted for by the fact that
Lady Yarde Buller is still suffering from
the mental derangement which caused
her arrest in Oakland some monthts ago
and her subsequent incarceration in a
i'lirisian madhouse.
STRUCK BY AN ENGINE.
Little Eddie Melville Wanted to
Head Off Others Gathering
Drift Wood.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Eddie Melville, a
12-year-old lad. residing at 2050 Union
street, was run down by a switch engine
at B Btreet station shortly after 6 o'clock
this morning. He was thrown about
twenty feet.
Both bones of the right forearm were
broken. His face was badly bruised and
tusion on the left side of the abdo
men indicates internal injuries.the extent
of which is not known.
The lad was treated at the Receiving
Hospital by Dr. Stratton and Steward To
blnl and when they began work the little
fellow yelled with pain; "Oh, kill me:
Kill me! Loose my hands so that I can
choke myself. I want to die!" This after
noon he was removed to his home.
Melville had risen early to head off oth
er boys in their endeavor to bring home
the largest cargo of driftwood. He claims
he saw the engine, but its size terrified
and bewildered him so that he was unable
tv move.
Murderer Meadors Held.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— The preliminary
; examination of James N. Meadors, charg
< ed with the murder of Jonas Ury at Camp
Barrett recently, was concluded In Judge
Lawrence's court this afternoon and dc-
Cendant was held to appear before the Su
perlor Court, without ball. Throughout
. the hearing and at the announcement of
the result Meadors seemed unaffected
| and unconcerned. The evidence adduced
was practically the same as has hereto
fore been published. Attorney Deuprey
for the defense made a strong effort to
bring fiut the fact that Ury had been in a
drunken condition on the night prior to
I the murder.
A RUNAWAY WIFE.
AI.AMEDA, Sept. 3.— William Spurrier,
an employe of the borax works, formerly
living at 2210 Enclnal avenue with his
pretty wife, is homeless and wifeless. In
fact he has hardly yet made up his mind
Uy where he is at. He had been
married for ten years, had a comfortable
homo, made good wages and provided
well for his wife. For a long time he
has been going to his work regularly In
tht- morning and returning regularly in
the evening. On Thursday he went to
the Ik. rax factory, a.s was his custom, and
at night came up on the train and went
to tha cottage that was hiß home. As
be walked up to the front door a great
sign "To Let" stared him in the face.
At first he thought he must have absent
mindedly made a mistake, but another look
showed him that it was In fact the house
where he had been living for some
months. Every bit of furniture had been.
taken away and his wife was nowhere *o
be found. Gone also was the family
purse with pome $40 In It.
It Is rumored that a good-looking em
ploye of the electric road has been visit
ing the woman during her husband's ab
sence, and that they have poho together.
A Peculiar Accident.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 3.— A runaway horse
this morning knocked down and seriously
injured Caleb T. Ives of 1919 Mlnturn
street. Mr. Ives was wheeling a wheel
barrow on I'nru street, when the horse,
which wai iMing ridden by a youth nam
ed Livingston, became unmanageable and
&olted. Thr animal ran up behind Ivefl
and before he could be warned threw him
to the ground and badly lacerated one
of his shoulders, dislocating it and break
ing the bone.
Board of Health.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 3.-The Board of
Health held Its regular meeting last
evening and transacted considerable
routine business. The report of the
Health Officer showed eight cases of con
tagious disea.se in August, including three
of typhoid fever and one of diphtheria.
Thore were seventeen deaths during the
month, making an annual average death
rate of 12.75 per 1000 inhabitants.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 3.— Rev. w. W. Scud
der will preach to-morrow night at the
Congregational Church on the subject of
i the popular rendering of Genesis 1:27.
Rev. J. A. G. Shipley, pastor of the M.
E Church South In this city, has been
appointed a missionary to China, and will
leave in October for the scene of his la-
T~h'p Political Equality Club of this city
will hold a meeting on Monday next at
the residence of Mrs. L. Hlnchman, 1213
Everett street.
Mrs. Marguerite Wilborne, recently
from Chicago, has taken the position of
organist and director of the choir of St.
Joseph's Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
ONLY BROAD
TRACKS NOW
The Unpopular Narrow
Gauge Torn Up.
RAILROAD IMPROVEMENTS
FINEST STEEL DBAW IN THE
STATE COMPLETED.
Next Monday the First Broad-
Oauge Train May Bun
Along Webster
Street.
Oakland Office San-Francisco Cal
90S Broadway, Sept. 3.
Before another week passes it is ex
pected that the narrow gauge system,
which has been so unpopular for many
years, will be a thing of the past. The
beautiful steel bridge has been swung
across the estuary and the machinery is
In perfect order. The new tracks have
been laid from Harrison street to Webster,
and to-day several gangs of men are lay
ing a broad gauge track on Franklin
street in place of the narrow gauge. Next
week all this will be completed and the
new system will be in operation. At
present it IB thought the work will be
sufficiently advanced to run the first
broad gauge train on Webster street next
Monday.
Last Thursday evening the last pieces
of the bridge were completed, and when
the big draw, which Is one of the finest
in the State, started to revolve it was
found that the intricate mechanism was
perfect, and the electric machinery a
great improvement over the old hand sys
tem. New cars and engines for the new
line were built in Sacramento and arrived
in this city yesterday. There are four
teen carß of the latest broad-gauge pat
tern, fitted with the improved Plntsch gas
apparatus. For a time there will be one
narrow gauge + rack kept on Webster
street for the purpose of accommodating
the freight service of the narrow gauge
road to Santa Cruz.
Work on both moles Is being rushed
and several hundred men are at work In
each place. On the broad-gauge mole
track laying has already commenced to
accommodate the twenty-minute service
which will be inaugurated as soon as the
new ferry boat is completed b*" the Union
Iron Works.
The railroad company has also con
tracted f»r the material for changing the
San Pablo cable road into an electric sys
tem, the contract being contingent on the
permission of the City Council to make
the change.^
SHALL BERKELEY HAVE
APPOINTED JUDGES?
LOCAL OPINION DIVIDED UPON
THE SUBJECT.
The "Push" Element Preparing to
Oppose the New Charter
amendment.
BERKELEY, Sept. 3.— Active interest
Is now developing in the matter of a local
Police Judge. A recent decision of the Su
preme Court annulling the legal status of
Berkeley's Justice's Court, on the ground
that such could not exist under a free
holders' charter, has made necessary a
special election for the purpose of provid
ing for a local Police Judge. The election
is to be upon an amendment to the town
charter, establishing a Police Court. That
such a move is not only necessary but im-
I perative everybody acknowledges, but a
! decided difference of opinion exists as to
the way In which the judge should hold
■ office.
The Board of Trustees, together with
the Town Attorney, Brewton A. Hayne,
have a strong preference for a system of
appointment, and they have carried this
I idea into the proposed charter amend
ment, which is to be voted upon on Octo
ber 15. The amendment reads: "A Police
Court is hereby established in and for the
I town of Berkeley, to be held by a Police
Judge, to be appointed by the Board of
Trustees of said town, who shall hold of
fice for two (2) years from and after his
appointment."
When asked for his opinion concerning
this, Town Attorney Hayne said: "The
objection to haying our Police Judges ap
pointed seems to me utterly groundless.
While I favor election In many cases for
town officers, I believe that a judge
should be appointed and not elected. An
elective judiciary is, generally speaking,
a bad thing. Short terms of office, cou
pled with an elective judiciary, is one of
the most serious problems which confront
our municipal governments. No sooner
Is a judge elected than he begins to lay
his plans and log-roll for re-election. If
that were done without regard to causes
pending before the judge no such harm
would result, but is that always the case?
Of course a large majority of Judges are
above this sort of thing, and I think that
a very small percentage of the charges
against them are true, although popular
opinion probably holds the contrary view.
The feature of the appointed judge, to my
mind, is the chief recommendation of the
proposed Judiciary amendment."
while a larger section of the commun
ity agree with Town Attorney Hayne, the
i measure is finding much opposition. The
! "push" element is known to have de-
I clared emphatically against it. There are
people, too, who find in the proposed In
novation as many evils as in the meth
od of election, and they are pledged to
follow In the old way. The Good Govern
ment Club will meet next week to tako
some stand in the matter. The North
Berkeley Improvement Club Is expected
to support It. Meanwhile the question is
gaining more prominence, and the issue
promises to call forth strong expressions
of public opinion from both sides.
Hospital Work Progressing.
BERKELEY, Sept. 3.— Active work has
been going on among the ladles of the
Berkeley branch of the Red Cross Society
for furnishing the two beds In the Red
Cross Hospital at the Presidio which are
to be provided by residents of the uni
versity town. Everything Is now com
plete and will be sent over to the Presidio
Immediately. The bedding required was
purchased with funds from the treasury
of the local society. All the articles have
been marked "Berkeley." Charles Kuler
donated a carved panel with the same
name to hang over the beds. The feather
pillows came as a gift from the West
Berkclev branch. The two little daugh
ters of Mrs. Barondls contributed a dozen
pillowslips and six sheets. The girls of
the State Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind assisted by making twelve of
the sheets. The girls of Miss Head's
school likewise did their share. The work
throughout has been under the direction
of Mrs. W. B. Seabury, president of the
local chapter.
Saw a Grewsome Object.
BERKELEY, Sept. 3.— As John Coburn
was walking along the shore at West
Berkeley to-day, he caw what appeared
to be a woman's head floating in the
bay Afraid to touch the thing himself,
he reported the matter at once to the
police An officer was detailed to cap
ture the ghastly object, but before ho
could return to shore It had been washed
out into the bay again and was nowhere
to be seen.
Accused of Embezzlement.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— John McGuire was
placed in the County Jail to-night,
charged with misdemeanor embezzle
ment. McGuire is a driver for. a Fruit
vale dairyman and is accused of having
collected various small bills and not turn
ing the amounts in. He was brought to
jail by Constable Robinson.
George Kane Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— George Kane, who
was on trial before Judge Ellsworth the
past two days on a charge of criminal as
sault, was this afternoon acquitted by a
jury.
WILL WED AMID
BLOSSOMING ROSES
Nuptials of Frank W.
Fuller and Miss fVlabel
Wastie in San Jose.
PHOTOS BY CARRUTHERS. SAN JOSE.
CARDS have been Issued announc
ing the forthcoming wedding of
Frank W. Fuller of this city and
Miss Mabel Wastie of San Jose
on the 20th inst. This is the culmina
tion of an engagement of long standing.
The prominence of the contracting par
ties makes it one of the important mar
riages of the season.
The bride-elect is one of the most beau
tiful daughters of the Garden City, fam
ed throughout the land for its beautiful
women. She is a descendant of a fam
ily noted for the loveliness of its mem
bers.
Mr. Fuller is one of the most success
ful of the younger generation of mer-
COLONEL OF
THE SEVENTH
IS INDIGNANT
He Charges Newberry
With Treachery.
MOTIVE A POLITICAL ONE
IRING OUT ASCRIBED TO
FRIENDS OF OlxS.
" Afraid colonel Berry Would Become
Too Influential in Politics,"
Says the Leader of the
Regiment.
The order to muster out the Sixth
and Seventh California regiments was
received at military headquarters yes
terday, and Brigadier General Miller,
in command of the remaining Philip
pine expeditionary forces, will take ac
tion in the matter to-morrow. Under
this order these regiments will go to.
their respective places of rendezvous —
the Sixth to Stockton and the Seventh
to Los Angeles— where*the men will be
furloughed for thirty days, at the end
of which time they will be discharged.
Lieutenant Sterrett of the Third Artil
lery will muster out the Sixth and
some officer from the Twenty-third
United States Infantry, yet to be des
ignated, will do the mustering out act
for the Seventh. The two regiments
will probably move from their present
station to their rendezvous to-morrow
or Tuesday.
The Eighth California, now at Camp
Barrett, has been ordered, under in
structions from Washington, to take
the place of these two regiments in do
ing guard duty and other work.
The dispatch from Washington stat
ing that Colonel Berry mitfht be court
martialed for violating one of the arti
cles of war in that he has criticised a
superior officer, the Secretary of War,
has created no excitement whatever at
the Presidio, as Colonel Berry will
probably be mustered out in a few
days and will then care nothing about
Secretary Alger or any other man con
nected with the military affairs of the
country. Furthermore, the Secretary
of War has received no official notifica
tion of the alleged breach of the arti
cles of war by Colonel Berry, and even
if he had been notified he probably
would not pay much attention to the
matter, as it is at too long a range
and hardly of sufficient importance to
engage the attention of the military
authorities at this time.
"I want to repudiate all interviews
alleged to have been held by me after
I was informed that the regiment
would be mustered out," said Colonel
Berry last evening. "As soon as I
learned that the mustering out order
was a fact I went to the city on busi
ness and did not see any one after that.
The poll of the companies of my regi
ment as printed in the Examiner
showing the number of men that are
in favor of being mustered out is a
fake pure and simple, and I can prove
it as the companies were not polled.
The facts in the case that have led to
the mustering out of the Seventh Reg
iment have been so distorted that no
one knows the real truth, but I pro
pose to tell it for the first time now,
so that those who have unwittingly
censured me and my officers may see
their mistake.
"About two months ago I was
warned by friends in Los Angeles that
an underhanded effort was being made
to work my undoing by some who
wished to further their selfish ends.' I
paid no attention to the warning, but
simply went on trying to do my duty,
and finally wrote my friends that I
thought that they must be mistaken in
their warnings, as I had seen no evi
dences of any one wanting to do me
injury. To-day I learned from a thor
oughly reliable source that the friends
of Brigadier General Otis have been
making efforts to discredit me In every
possible way.
"The motive is a political one, and
In stating this I hare to appear to be,
chants, who are taking the places of the
men who made history in the early days
of this coast. He is of the great oil
and paint house of W. P. Fuller & Co. He
is a thorough sportsman, in the broadest
acceptance of the term, and his kindly
manner and happy disposition have en
deared him to a host of friends. He has
he-en prominently idf-ntined with the
Olympic Athletic Club for years, espe
against my inclinations, egotistical. It
is alleged that if 1 succeeded in win
ning any glory out of this war as the
commander of the Seventh Regiment
I would become a prominent factor for
political preferment, and that was the
purpose that actuated those who were
active in trying to down me. This
they have succeeded in doing, as far
as the mustering out of the regiment
is concerned, and they have accom
plished their ends by a misrepresenta
tion of facts to the authorities at
Washington.
"These facts will be disproved, for
there exist no facts to support the
charges that have been brought against
me. J. R. Newberry, representing the
people of Los Angeles, came to us some
time ago in the guise of a friend, and
as such was received by the officers of
this regiment. Instead of being our
friend he went throughout the camp
stirring up the malcontents and sent
back news to Los Angeles that all of
the men wanted to be mustered out,
which was, and is, not true, as the men
of the regiment, and I mean those who
are men, do not want to be mustered
out. At the same time that Mr. New
berry was secretly stirring up the men
he was telling me that he had come to
Pan Francisco as the representative of
the War Board of Los Angeles with full
power and explicit instructions to get
for the Seventh Regiment whatever it
desired. He said to me: 'We represent
an influence that goes directly to the
President himself and we can get for
the regiment anything that is within
reason. If the Seventh wants to go to
Honolulu we can send it there, or if
the men desire it we can get them six
months' service at horne — that is, near
Los Angeles.' Mr. Newberry. then went
on to state that he thought that it
would be a good thing to have the regi
ment come to Los Angeles, as much
benefit would accrue to the city. I
told him that it was idle to talk of
taking the regiment to Los Angeles, as
that would be a violation of the best in
terest of the service to have the men
encamped near their homes, and in ad
dition that neither the men nor the
officers wanted any idle service, as they
did not leave their homes for that pur
pose. I told him that the men wanted
to go abroad.
"This is the way that Mr. Newberry
talked when he was here with me, and
you can imagine my surprise when as
soon as he got to Los Angeles he im
mediately commenced to work to have
the regiment mustered out. The men
of my regiment have been misrepre
sented, and the statement that I have
tried to influence them in any way is
false. Before two weeks have passed
the people of Southern California will
wake up to the fact that they have
been misled in this matter, and when
the facts are known they will se» that
they have been deceived. Of course we
officers feel the disgrace keenly, but the
matter does not end here, for we shall
call for a reckoning when we get
home."
Colonel Berry when asked if he would
make any effort to remain in the ser
vice with some other command replied
that he was not certain as to his fu-
ture movements, but that such a thing
was by no means an improbability.
Captain Bichter Not Mentioned.
Adjutant General Barrett yesterday re
ceived a telegram from the adjutant gen
eral of the United States army paying
that "General Merrltt telegraphed Au
gust 23 a full list of officers and men
killed and wounded at Manila up to that
date, and Captain Richter's name is not
among them." It will be remembered
that Captain Richter of the First Cali
fornia was reported in the newspaper
dispatches .is wounded, but from the
above telegram it would appear that some
mistake had been made.
A Pioneer Missionary.
The recent death of Mrs. Lucinda B.
Baldwin In Cleveland, Ohio, has removed
a prominent and notable figure from the
missionary section of the religious
world. Mrs. Baldwin, who had reached
the advanced age of 84. was one of Amer
ica's earliest women writers, contributing
both prose and verse to various periodi
cals during at least fifty years of her
busy and helpful life. While still a very
young woman she became specially In
terested In religious work, and in later
years was called the "Mother of the
Korean Mission," since her generous
hand provided the funds for the build
ing and maintenance of the Baldwin
Chapel and Baldwin Dispensary in Seoul,
which were both named in her honor.
Mrs. Baldwin was also Instrumental in
sending the first woman missionary, Mrs.
Scranton, to Korea, and to her influnece
tnus extended is due much of the pres
ent civilization and Christianization of
that especial portion of Asia, She also
practically adopted two native born Ko
rean girls, giving them her own name
and defraying all their expenses of
maintenance and education while they
were being fitted to work as mission
aries among their own people, and for
more than half a century she has been
in every way one of the most devoted
and generous supporters of missionary
work In the United States. Mrs. Bald
win's only surviving children are Mrs.
P. T. Dickinson, the well-known writer,
now residing In Alameda, Cal., and Mrs.
J. D. Slater of Cleveland, Ohio.
dally with Its cycling interests through
the Olympic wheelmen. He has served
in in various official capacities, and has
declined preferment for some of the high
est offices within the gift of the club.
The honeymoon of the young couple
will embrace a pilgrimage to the East,
during which places of historical inter
est will be visited. They will be ab
sent some months.
RIGHT BOWER
HAD TO QUIT
Last Sunday's Stake
Winner Almost Died.
THE HARE A TRICKY ONE
THE DEMON OF UNION PARK
FOOLED THE DOGS.
Winners and Losers of the Meetings
Held Yesterday in the Inclos
ures — Fast Dogs at
Ingleside.
Coursing lovers — and there are now a
large number of them in this State — who
missed seeing yesterday's coursing at
the Union Park will regret it.
The day was beautiful and the hares
ran like wildfire. Of all courses ever wit
nessed, the race between Right Bower and
Flyaway was the longest, the hardest and
the most exciting 1 .
The Bower was in splendid condition to
run a hard and grueling race. But the
hare had something to say in the matter.
When Slipper Wren let loose the dogs of
speed the Bower shot immediately to the
front and was soon within close proximity
of his game. The flyer of the plains, on
seeing danger near, dropped its ears on
its shoulders and then the fun com
menced.
Bower was running well, but the hare
was running still better, and for fully
five minutes it actually played with the
dogs, dodging this way and that, and oc
casionally shooting several yards in the
lead of its pursuers and then turning
back on its trail suddenly as if purposely
to meet the animals that were endeavor
ing to end its existence.
Bower would attempt to kill as the long
eared animal passed under his nose, then
ADVERTISEMENTS.
areTyoij only
ONE-HALF A MAN?
A Full Five Days' Treatment
of Professor Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Vttal Restorative
CALTHOS
SENT FREE TO MEN
BY SEALED MAIL.
No G. 0. D. or Deposit Scheme.
Are your days and nights made wretched by
the secret consciousness that you are lacking
In those attributes of virility which fit a man
to hold up his head among his kind and say
proudly within himself: "I am a man?"
The stealthy, unexpected advance of nervous
debility creeps upon a man and paralyzes his
powers before he is aware of It. When he sud-
denly awakens to the fact that his manhood Is
going from him he becomes panic-stricken and
an easy victim to many disreputable schemers.
But all attempts at recovery are vain without
the help of a genuine, scientific treatment.
"I do not believe" (says Professor Pierre Fau-
veau in a lecture on NERVE FILAMENTS, de-
livered at Paris, France), "that a single hu-
man being was ever ABSOLUTELY and PER-
MANENTLY cured of the evil effects of Sper-
matorrhoea, or Varicocele, or restored from Im-
potency until the discovery and use of Pro-
fessor Laborde's formulas of Calthos. I un-
hesitatingly say to students present that his
preparation of Calthos has absolutely cureil
every case that has been under treatment by
the professors of our university, and I helleve
EVERY CURE IS A PERMANENT ONE."
"The formulas of Calthos by Profesßor La-
borde" (says another distinguished French phy-
sician. Jules Beaurand. M.D., recognized as
one of the ablest practitioners of Europe In
the treatment of nervous diseases), "are abso-
lute specifics for Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele
and Impotency, and I do not believe there Is
a single case that it will not permanently
cure."
This extraordinary vital restorative is thp
only known remedy composed upon true scien-
tific principles for the absolute cure of nervous
weakness and Impaired manhood. It is the
only treatment which will cure the EFFECTS,
no matter what the cause may be. It Is the |
only remedy that will cure at any and every
stage of the trouble, except after It has pro-
gressed into epilepsy, consumption or Insanity. '
Flyaway would take a turn, but the little •'
hare was simple fooling Its pursuers. •
Finally Flyaway keeled over on her back, •.
completely exhausted, leaving Right Bow- .
er to take charge of his game.
. The hare, having had enough fun for one •
day, joggetl pleasantly in front of the .•
winner of last Sunday's meeting, and when
it reached the escape it put on a full head .
of steam and ran down along the east ■
fence as fresh and as spry as when it "
first passed the slipper. Poor old Bower .'
dropped his tail in 'disgust and ouit run-...
nlng. The hare, seeing that it could no ■ .
longer enjoy the company of his enemy,
loped leisurely into the escape, and thus'
ended one of the longest courses ever wit- .
nessed in an inclosed park.
Outside of this memorable course, the ■ ■
features of the day's sport were the up- ;
set of Lillian Russell (a heavy favorite) .
by Babe Murphy; the narrow escape tha.t
Rusty Gold had from defeat by Chartist; .
the bad defeat of poor old St. Lawrence ,
by Victor Queen; the seemingly wild 30 •
to 1 bets that were wagered on Rosette
defeating Little Doubt; the defeat of- _
Lanky Bob by Schley; a 2 to 7 shot; the-;
defeat of Petronius by Lightning, a 1 to 3
shot and the upset of Rapid by Vigilant,,
a 3 to 5 shot. " <
Lord Byron sold for $5, while his oppo- •
nent. Van Nida. brought only $1. and at
these odds Miss Nida had few supporters; .
but she made a "no course" with his
lordship, after which the betting changed.
In the run off Lord Byron won with a '
few points to spare. Although Rapid was. I
beaten by Vigilant, many observers
thought that Rapid should have got the
flag. Tne talent fell down heavily when
Black Patti beat Pastime badly. The
second rounds of to-day's meeting will re- "
sult in some grand coursing.
The winning and losing dogs of the run- .
down are as follows: .
Open stake— S. Conley beat Daisy Deane;' :'
Green Valley Maid beat Van Knapp; • Lady •
Herschel beat Van dole: Babe Murphy beat
Lillian Russell; Jester beat Seldom; Forget '
beat Telephone Girl: Rusty Gold beat Chartist:
Victor Queen beat St. Lawrence; Minerva beat
Handy Andy; Minneapolis beat Monitor; Bur
lington beat Miss Grizzle: Grasshopper beat.-.
Royal Stag; Log Boy beat Sweet Marie; Rosette
beat Little Doubt: Lissak beat Mission Boy; ■
Daisy Hill beat Carmen; The Gossoon beat- •■
White Lily; Blackstone beat Little Delight;
Flying: Faster beat Little Dorritt: McKlnley.
beat Morning Glory; Right Bower beat Fly-. '
away; Victor beat Dempsey Lass; " Ida. beat- •
Royal Prize; Commodore beat Wildflower; -
Glenstone beat Winona; Sehley beat Lanky. .
Bob; Petronius beat Lightning: Maud S beat.-!
Royal Oak; Lady Blanche beat Tic Tac; Gilt
Edge ran a bye; . Laurel wood beat Peaceful ■
Glen; Vigilant beat Rapid: Lord Byron beat .
Van JCida; Bendalong beat Bendigo; Moonlight,
beat Emerald: Liberty Bell beat Sunburst;"
Mountain Beauty beat Mercury; Douglas beat .
Magic: Black Patti beat Pastime; White Tip"
beat Ta-ra-ra.
■ *
OLD GLORY A FAST ONE.
Yesterday at the Ingleside Coursing
Park, both in the Puppy and Champion
stokes, the dog's ran true to form, : 'ng
shots were conspicuous by their absence,
the only short-enders that won in the
Puppy stakes being Snap Shot. Benioa
and Matchless, the latter dog, the prop
erty of I. MeHugh, showing an unusual
burst of speed, and from his perform
ance yesterday he stands a good chance
of winning the stake. Billy Gladstone
also was In line form yesterday, and is
without doubt the finest puppy in Call-,
fornia.
In the Champion stakes some tempting
long shot prices were offered, which
were certainly warranted, as the easy
victories of Conr.emara, Koolawn, Falsa
Flatterer and Flying Buck afterward
showed that they were the class of their
company. The course between Patria
and Hadiwist was the sensational event
of the day, both dogs running in a
very undecided race, which on oeir.g
run over again resulted in the victory
of Patria. Old Glory and Mystic Maid
also ran a pretty course, which was won
by the former, who was a mild short- .
ender with the betting public. Mystic
Maid at the commencement led, but the
hare favored Old Glory somewhat and
turned in the direction of the grand
stand, where some close work was ac
complished, Old Glory killing a few feet
from the grand stand.
The results were as follows:
Puppy stake, first round— Deckelman & Pa
nario's Prince George beat T. J. Cronies De-.
pend, W. Perry's Campania beat P. J. O. .
Kcnna's Joker, P. J. Q. Kenna's Snap Shot
beat Captain Clarkson's Kerry Gow, ■ G.
Reddy's Bernelce beat M. Sweeney's La Julve,
T J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee beat J. Farley'i
Mystic MeCollough & London's Magnet beat
P. J. G. Kenna's Rocket; T. Hall's Miss Sky
ball beat J. Murnane's Wolf Tone, James Hur
ley's O. K. Capitol beat J. Cox's Flying Cloud;
T J. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat J. Shaw's
Lucky Dog, T. McHugh' s Matchless beat P. J.
G Kenna's Bit of Fashion, J. Eagan's Billy
Gladstone beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman, Dll-
lon *. Reilly's Revolver beat J. DicksonV
Black Bess, B. Dougherty's Heather Dell beat
P J G. Kenna's Lawrence, J. Eagan's May
flower beat J. Kiernan's Yosemlte, T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Bail beat James I. O'Brlen'B
Admiral Dewey. Lynch & M»her's Liberty beat--
P. J. G. Kenna's Fox Kenny.
Champion stake, first round— D. Hooper's
Koolawn beat Deckelman & Panario's Glen
Roy, P. J. G. Kenna's O'Grady beat James I.
O'Brien's Sharkey, P. J. G. Kenna's False
Flatterer beat F. Black's Occidental. Lowe &
Thompson's Patna beat Alfred Haigh's Hadi
wißt, P. J. G. Kenna's Flying Buck beat J.
Sheehan's Lass o" Gowrle. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat CRf/tain Clarkson's Lady Jane,.
P. J. G. Kenna's Fear Not beat J. Murnane's
Valley Maid, P. J. G. Kenna's Royal Buck
beat Deckelman & Panario's Glen Chloe, I. L.
Sear's Hot Stuff beat Russell & Wilson's Jen-
nle Wilson, J. Dean's Connemara beat James
Byrne's Nelly B, Dillon & Reilly's Granuale .
beat P. Nolan's Independence, Kay & Trant'a
Eclipse beat O. Smart's Silkwood. Deckelman
& Panario's Old Glory beat Lynch & Mailer's
Mystic Maid. James Byrne's Mohawk beat
James I. O'Brien's Miss Perkins, D. Shannon's
Systematic beat James I. O'Brien's Betsy M,
D. Shannon's Soubrette beat J. J. Warren's
Sweet Lips.
The winners in the first round of the
Puppy stakes to-day should be: Snap
Shot, Connemara. Rose of Tralee, O X
Capitol, Wild Tralee, Matchless, Billy
Gladstone. Mayflower and Maid of Bail. .
The winners of the first round of the
Champion stakes to-day should be as fol
lows: Koolawn, False Flatterer, Flying
Buck, Hotstuff , Connemara, Eclipse, Old
Glory, Soubrette.
The entries for the Produce stakes, to
be run on October 1 and 2, will close next
Thursday.
Calthos has for many years been ueed in th»
French and German armies, and its marvelous
success abroad has led to its introduction In the
United States. The Yon Mohl Co. of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, possess the sole American rights.
In order to make the unparalleled merit of the
great discovery known to every one in need of
it this company has decided to send on request
a full five days' treatment of CALTHOS ABSO-
LUTELY FREE.
We are willing to give you this trial treat-
ment without cost to you because we are sure
it will convince you that you can be cured.
We never make public the names of those
who have been cured by Calthos. but our re-
sponsibility and business standing can be
vouched for by any national bank or express
agent, city or county 'official In Cincinnati.
You need not give any details of your case,
but simply your name and address, and you
will receive the remedy by sealed mail in a
plain package, secure from observation and ac-
companfed by complete directions. There Is
nothing whatever to be paid by you: it is ab-
solutely free. Address THE YON MOHL CO..
6888. Cincinnati. Ohio, largest Importers of
Standard Preparations In the United Stataa.
1516
MRS. BOTKIN BOUGHT ARSENIC
A Damaging Record Found at a Mar
ket Street Drug Store.
flijother Woman Becomes fllarmed Because a Net
of Suspicious Circumstances
SurrouQds H er -
ft TIME. OFPtiRCHASFR AWH»ESSOrPt'RCMBSC(» NAME OF POISON OUWTTPf SCID PORWHATUSEO DISPENSER
Frank S. Grey, clerk at the Owl drug store, made the following statement to Chief of Police
Lees in reg-ard to the sale of two ounces of arsenic to Mi's. Botkin on June 1, 1898:
'•The lady came into the store and said she wanted some arsenic for hleaching. She gave the
name of Mrs. B. I asked her what articles she wanted to bleach and she said 'straw hats.' I told
her there were other chemicals less dangerous for that purpose. Her answer was that she had used
it before and understood its manipulation. With that answer I gave her two ounces of arsenic,
wrapped it up in yellow palter and marked it 'poison.' She left the store and I have not seen her
sine*."
A woman whose name appears as Mrs.
"Bothin" on the poison register kept by
the Owl drug store. 112S Market str<-<-t,
bought two ounces of arsenic from Clerk
Frank S. Grey at 2 p. m. on Juiif '. !• 'v
Phe gave her address as California and
Hyde Htroi ts.
Taken in connection with the arrest of
Mrs. Cordelia B^tkin on a charge of s< ad
ing a box of poisoned bonbons to Dover,
■which caused the death <>f Mrs. J. P.
Dunning and her sist?r. Mrs. J. D. Deane,
this s'milarity of names and th< re
markable coincidence that on June 1 the
accused women lived at the Victoria Ho
tel, on the northwest corner cf Hyde and
California streets, the natural deduction
is that the woman now in prison is the
pame who bought the poison.
Mrs. Botkin, so far as known. Is be
!.. vi ! to be the only woman In Pan Fran
cisco who could have had a motive in
killing Mrs. Dunning. She was infatuated
with the husband <>f th.> woman to whom
the death package was sent, and corre
sponded with him while he was in Cuba
and Porto Rico.
Then. too. Mrs. Botkin had received let
ters from Dunning in which he told her
he intended to rejoin his wife at the close
of the war and go to housekeeping In
New York.
These incidents have a most important
bearing on the case against tl 1^ woman
r.ow accused of the crime of double mur
der, when combined with the discovery
made last night.
The story in detail of last nlghfs de
velopments is as follows:
Friday afternoon Detectives Gibson and
McVey visited the Owl drug store and
€-xamlned the poison register prior to and
' subsequent to Mrs. Botkin's visit to
Stockton on July 2S to 30, and the interim
between her return and her second de
parture for Healdsburg on August 4. (It
will be remembered that the poisoned
candy was mailed on the latter day.) No
Fale of arsenic was recorded on any of
tho^e days and the officers continued
tht-ir starch.
Yesterday afternoon William Knarnoy
am! C. S. Downs, clerks in the drugstore,
wore again looking at the record of sales
of poisons, and they found this entry:
"(>—.— its— 2 p. m. Airs. Bothin, Califor
nia and Hyde, arsenic, 2 oz.; bleaching;
Grey."
In all drug stores where the State laws
are obeyed a detailed record of sales of
al toxics is kept. The register is ruled
perpendicularly, with these captions
across the head of the double page:
Date. Hour. Name of Purchaser. Ad
dress. Name of Poison. Object for
"Which Bought. Name of Salesman.
when Kearney and JT>owns dlscovored
the startling entry they immediately
cull-Hi Frank S. Grey, by whom it was
written, and he recalled the circum
stapctis of the sale.
Word was sent to the police headquar
ters lu-st evening and Cnief Lees was in
stantly summoned from the theater,
where ht was spending the evening. Ac
cumpanltd Ijy Captain Seymour and De
tectives Gibson and McVey, the Chief
went to the Owl drug store. Arriving there
th<' Chief wont into tho private office and
closely examined the poison register and
took th<- statement of Clerk Grey. "When
this was completed tho newspaper men
were called in and they wore allowed to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, WORKS WONDERS. |
A Remarkable Cure of Sore Eyes
a And Sight Restored
I am a graduate of Oberlin College, taught
long enough after I graduated to have them
give me the Honorary degree, and I have a
great many acquaintances in and around Bos-
ton. About three years ago my son brought
borne a box of Ccticura (ointment), and I
picked up the circular that was around it, and
learned about the Cuticcra Soap, and told
him to get me a cake. When I got it, the cir-
cular advised its use for the bath, teeth, scalp,
etc. I had been a great sufferer all my Ufa
- from sore eyelids, the whole lid outside and in
♦as red as a beet. I had to sit in a dark room,
evenings, for eight and a half years, and wear
felack spectacles to keep the sun from my eyes
fn the daytime. When I got the CuncuaA
6oap, I got a fine, soft cloth, dipped it in hot
water and rubbed it on the soap and washed
»ny eyes with it. I can't tell you how much
good It has done me, although it smarted
Very much at first. My eyes are as clear and
■ bright as when I was a young lady. I had to
go backwards in getting spectacles and wear
No. 15, the same as I did twenty years ago, ,2
can rev' medium sized print in daylight with-
' out any spectacles. As a matter of course lam
kind of a walking advertisement of Cuticura .
People will call to me when I am going along
the street and tell me how much good my
Cctiouba Soap has done their eyes.
Mrs. M. R. CONGDON,
Jan. 18, '97. 20 No. Cedar Avenue, Oberlin, O.
JS3T We ttke pleasure in publishing this testi-
monial as showing the interest taken In Cirri-
cura Remedies, and the. various uses made of
them not anticipated or suggested by us. We
cannot, of course, anticipate how Cuticc&a
Boap will work in cases similar to the above, but
to those who desire to try it we would suggest
beginning with a very weak solution or " suds "
of warm water and Cutictjra Soap until its
action is determined. For inflamed, granuUted,
• or eczematous eyelMs, light application of Ou-
Ticura ointment will in most cases be found
to work wonders. ■ : -.' • -: . - • -. ; . Sj
Bold throng hoot th« world. Poini P*rAASD Caen.
Gobi*., Bolt ft*pi« Boston, " Be* to Care fttt
examine the record and talk with Mr.
Grey, who said:
"The entry in the book is in my hand
writing, and I remember the circum
stances attending the sale of arsenic on
June 1. I also remember the appearance
and mannerisms of the woman who made
the purchase, 'out I do not can 1 to pay at
this time whether I think the person who
bought the poison was Mrs. Botkin. At the
proper time and under the proper cir
cumstances I will state definitely whether
MRS. F. C. EDWARDS, the Woman of Strange Coincidences.
the woman under arrest is the person
who purchased the poison."
AFRAID SHE WOULD
BE SUSPECTED
Strange Coincidence of Mrs. F.
C. Edwards' Acts.
She Knew Dunning, She Is a Candy-
Maker and She Mailed a Box of
Confections on August 4.
The shadow of giiilt has fallen on more
than one household in this city since
the cruel murder of Mrs. Dunning and
Mrs. Deano shocked the continent and
aroused a tragic interest in the affairs
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln. There is in San
Francisco a woman who has lived in daily
dread of accusation and suffered in an
agony of suspense that every knock at j
her door meant a summons from the Chief I
of Police. This woman knew John P.
Dunning. She believed that her associa
tion with him was more intimate than
had been that of any other woman In San
Francisco. She wrote him many letters
of endearment. She knew his affairs and
those of his wife and family. She carod
for him, and tellß with an expression of ]
fear that she does not attempt to dlsguisa !
that she signed her letters of affection
aJmc t with the fatal "Mrs. C."
Further than this, to carry the remark
able story to the very precipice of coinci
dence, the woman insists that she was a
professional candy maker, and dangerous
ly corresponds to the description of the
woman whom J. E. Fennessee saw at tha
ferry postal station on the afternoon of
August 4. When the news came that the
wife and sister-in-law of John P. Dun
ning had been murdered, this woman be
came sorely troubled. As the dreadful
part'culars of the assassination centered
the conception of the crime in this city
this woman's distress became dread. She
saw in every face a glance of suspicion.
In her imagination she felt that she was
being followed and that she might at any
moment be placed under arrest and charg
ed with the crime of which Mrs. Botkin
is accused.
The agony of suspense could no longer
be endured. The woman wrote a pleading
letter to Dunning, begging him not to
reveal the story of their association or to
drag her Into unwarranted notoriety.
Having written this appeal, ghe went be
fore the police and confessed everything
that might in any way connect her with
Dunning or with the horrifying crime of
the poisoner. In this way she sought to
silence her fears and the suspicion that
she believed was directed against her.
It required but a brief inquiry to convince
the authorities that she had not the re
motest connection with the murders. She
was able satisfactorily to account for all
her actions during the period that is vi
tal to the discovery of the murderess.
There was nothing more than a strange
series of coincidences and the exaggera
tion of a woman's fear. She was assured
that guilt pointed to another, but Bljd can
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
not shake the shadow off, and trembles
yet jus the police fail in tlielr efforts to
trace the instruments and agentF of death
to their source.
The woman's name is Mrs. F. C. Ed
wards. She Is not unknown to the police
nor to the public, er face is familiar at
the courts and in the corridors of the City
HalL She has worked in the service o"
the police authorities, seeking: evidence
that, on occasions, only a woman can ob
tain. She has been employed also by the
Market-street Hallway Company in the
claims department, her duty being to se-
cure the statements of Injured persons be
fore thpy have an oportunlty to tell thoir
stnry to a lawyer.
It Is many months since Mrs. Edwards
hns been in the service of the police. Sin^e
the retirement of ex-Chief of Police Crow
ley and the election of Chief of Police
Lees the woman has been forced to ex
orcise her detective abilities for others
than the municipal authorities. Her con
nection with the Market-street Railwny
Company ceased perhaps two years ago.
She insists that sho is still being shad
owed, and the persistence of the person
whom she believes is a detective from
the East is driving her to distraction.
Her story of the strange affair Is dra
matic In the extreme. In outline she ad
mits a most remarkable set of coinci
dences. She admits her association with
Dunning and that she may have written
him letters signed "Mrs. F. C," a signa
ture dangerously near that found in the
box of poisoned candy. She declares that
she kept a candy factory in East Oak
land and knows professionally the busi
ness of making candy. She declares that
she went to the ferry postal station one
day in August and mailed a package.
She sought to have it weighed and wish
fcl to purchase stamps. Each of these
facts and incidents has a corresponding
one in the evidence obtained In the ter
rible case, and with tho last Mrs. Ed
wards begins her recital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BTANDARD BRANDS OF
Wines, Spirits, Mineral Waters
CHAMPAONK
White Seal, Grande Cuvee, Briit Inperlal
Messrs. Moet &. Chandon, Epernay.
CLARETS and SAUTERNES
Messrs. Dubos, Freres, Bordeaux.
HOCK and MOSELLE WINES
Messrs. Deinhard & Co., Coblentz.
MINERAL WATER
Johannls Co., Ld., Johannis Springs.
OINQER ALE
Messrs. Cantrel! &. Cochrane, Belfast.
CANADIAN CLUB WHISKY
lessrs. Hiram Walker & Sons, Ld.,
WAIKCRVILLI
AMERICAN WHISKY
The Old Government." Bottled in Bond
COGNAC BRANDY
Messrs. J. 4 F. Mart el I, Cognac.
SCOTCH WHISKY
essrs. Andrew Usher L Co., Edinburgh
BASS' ALE and GUINNESS' STOUT
Dog 1 * Head Braad
Messrs. Read Bros,, London.
BARTHOLOnAY BEER and VITAMALT
artholomay Brewing Co., Rochester, N.Y
OR SALE BY DEALERS AND GROCERG
Wm.WolffaCo!
PACIFIC COAST AQKNTB
327-329 Market St., Sao Francisco
FRANK S, GREY, Who Sold Arsenic to Mrs. "Bothin."
Mrs. Edwards was noticeably agitated
as she told her story. ''One day last
month," she declared, "I wont to the
ferry postal station to mail a package to
a friend at Manila. While at the sta
tion I was accosted by a man, a stranger
to me, who saw that 1 was seeking in
formation and offered to assist me. Be
lieving that he was connected with the
postorrlce I allowed him to talk. I sud
denly asked him If he was connected with
the postofflce and finding that he v. a =s not
informed him that I could get myself
what information I needed. Having con
cluded my mission I took one of the Mar
ket street cars to go to my home.
"To my surprise I found that the stran
ger who had spoken to me at the ferry
was on the same car. Again he accosted
me and we talked in a casual way until
I arrived at my destination. I started to
g-et off the car and the strange'- followed,
remarking: 'This is also my destination.'
I was disturbed and troubled, i saw that
the man wan shadowing me, and 1 deter
mined not to go to my bouse at once. I
could not escape him. however, and when
I arrived at my apartments I found that
ho was on the opposite aids of the street,
watching my windows.
"A da> or po afterward ho came to my
rooms, and to my surprise and consterna
tion began to question me about the Bot
kln case and my relations with John P.
Dunning. I gave him very little informa
tion, but I felt that it was necessary to
take some steps to protect myself. He
called again and his annoyance became bo
great that I determined to consult ray at
torney and 'obey his instructions. Even
a-s I went to my lawyer's office the
stranger followed. To my attorney I told
all I knew. I admitted that I had known
Dunning very well, and that I had corre
sponded with him. I related all of the
coincidences that seem so strange, and
which to a casual observer might seem
to involve me. I took at once every pre
caution to protect myself, as I know the
Chief of Police to bo a bitter enemy of
mine.
"It is true that I kept a candy factory
>n East Oakland. It is true that 'C
is one of the initials of my name. I
have written to Dunning and was at tho
ferry postal station one day last month.
But I know nothing of the murder of
Dunning's wife and sister-in-law. I am
able fully to explain and detail my move
ments during any time that may be asked
of me. I have written to John Dun
ning, asking him not to connect my name
with the case. I think that it would be
wise for him to keep his own counsel.
I know him, as every other woman knew
him, a piece of human putty to be
molded by any woman who cared to take
the trouble. He is involved enough as
it is, and if he speaks he should remem
ber that others can talk.
"I do not mean to insinuate that I know
anything associating Dunning, directly or
Indirectly, with these murders; but I do
know of his life and his Indiscretions in
this city, and the story. 1 think, would not
be pleasant for Mr. Dunning. I have told
the police ail I know. Fearing certain
contingencies, I went to the authorities and
gave an assurance that I was neither in
hiding nor yet ambitious to obtain noto
riety in this case. I gave my address and
promised to be ready at any time ii I
were needed. I have nothing to tell and
am concerned only to protect myself.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin and not I is called
upon to explain."
WILL MAKE A FIGHT
ON EXTRADITION
Governor Budd May Decide in
the Botkin Case.
Attorneys fop the Accused Woman
Score Lees and Lees in Turn
Scores the Newspapers.
The habeas corpus proceedings in the
case of Cordelia Botkin, under arrest for
the Dover murders, will not come up
Tuesday in Judge Cook's court. Knight.
McGowan and w heeler, the attorneys for
the prisoner, have decided to let the case
remain in statu quo until the requisition
papers arrive and Governor Budd Is asked
by the Delaware authorities to Issue his
warrant for the surrender of the alleged
poisoner to Detective McVey.
Barring unlooked for delay the request
of the Governor of Delaware for the de
livery of the accused woman should ar
rive on the Eastern express at 8:45 o'clock
this evening. To-morrow being a legal
holiday nothing can be done until Tues
day. The matter of extraditing Mrs. Bot
kin has not as yet been brought to the
attention of Governor Budd, and it Is not
known whether the battle for the posses
sion of the prisoner will take place in this
city or In Sacramento. The place of hear
ing depends wholly upon the Governor's
convenience.
Mrs. Botkin's attorneys will make a
desperate fight to prevent extradition.
They have prepared an exhaustive argu
ment to combat the contention of the
prosecution, and -will cite many decisions
of Eastern courts to sustain their posi
tion. Attorney Knight says the case of
the State of North Carolina vs. Hill is
analogous to the Botkin case, and the Su
preme Court of that State decided that a
prisoner whose extradition was request
ed was not a fugitive from justice in an
other State, because the accused person
was not in the State .when the crime was
committed, and had not fled from the
jurisdiction of the laws of that
State. Messrs. Knight and McGowan
are positive the Governor will not
grant the request of the Delaware
authorities after the case has been pre
sented to him.
Chief Lees and Detective McVey ted
assured that Mrs. Botkin will soon go to
Delaware for trial, but they will not tell
on what they base their assurance. The
Chief intends to make a personal appeal
to the Governor, and he thinks success
will follow his efforts.
Mrs. Botkin's attorneys are not in the
least perturbed over the probable Indict
ment of their client under section 347 of
the Penal Code. Attorney Knight de
clares that such an indictment would not
only prevent the extradition of Mrs. Bot
kin but In addition would be null and
void. Chief Lees will effectually defeat
his dearest desire— the extradition of the
accused woman — by procuring an indict
ment by the local Grand Jury. Lees' ac
tion In this instance has been illegal and
, unjustifiable. He had no right, legal or
I moral, to appear before the Jury as pros
l editing- counsel, nor had he any right to
make a statement of his views regarding
the woman's c, r ullt or innocence. Under
the law, the District Attorney is the only
official who can be present at a session of
tho Grand Jury, excepting, of course, the
witness under examination. Lees over
stepped his prerogatives as a witness and
became special prosecutor. Lees is at
tempting to use the Grand Jury as a drag
net to assist him in securing evidence
against Mrs. Botkin, and the Jurors are
illegally allowing the incompetent head of
the Police Department to occupy their
official time without reason or justice. If
the grand Jurors so desire they can violate
their oaths and prostitute the functions
of that body by listening to Lees' pitiful
appeals and granting his prayer. In this,
however, they wouid be wasting their
time, as any action they may now take
will come to naught.
Baffled in his efforts to trace tho pur
chaser of the box of candy at Haas'
store and the handkerchief at the City
of Paris, Chief Lees now depends wholly
upon the handwriting experts to connect
Mrs. Botkin with the murder of Mrs. Dun
ning and Mrs. Deane., The Chief still re
fuses to allow the newspapers to trace
the reproduction of the defendant's let
ters, and contents himself by saying he
is satisried that she wrote the anony
mous letters so frequently referred to. He
angrily declares that he will not give
the newspapers samples of the writings,
because tho editors would immediately
submit them to experts, whose opinions
might differ from his own, and he swears
by all the gold lace on his most gor
geous uniform that he will conduct his
case without the assistance or interfer
ence of newspapers.
Mrs. Botkin's version of the poison
story told by Mrs. Rauof differs widely
from the tale the nurse told before the
Grand Jury. She says her conversation
with Dr. Stone, when he called to attend
her at Stockton, related only to medicine
containing toxin, which he prescribed
She was suffering from hysteria, due to
cold and an annoying trip on the steam
er and the physician prescribed valerian
and opium as a tonic and sedative. Mrs.
Botkin says she informed the physician
she had never taken opium in any form,
and was afraid of the effects of the
drug. She also asked him what the ac
tion of opium would be on a person of
her temperament. Dr. Stone advised her
to try small doses of the prescription,
and if no evil effects followed to con
tinue taking the medicine.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Botkin, which is set for Tuesday in Police
Court No. 3, will be deferred indefinitely.
The attorneys on both sides agree that
all proceedings, except on the main Issue
before the Governor, would be trivial and
useless, and they have, therefore, agreed
to fight it out once and for all on extra
dition. All the evidence Chief Lees and
McVe-y have gathered must necessarily
be presented to the Governor when extra
dition is asked for and the merits of the
case will then be developed.
The police have not secured any addi
t'onal evidence against Mrs. Botkin, and
the case against her is not very strong.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scarf s ° nd Squares
Good material, hemstitched, printed with
absolutely fast colors, in a number of tasteful
designs— carnations, violets, chrysanthemums
and Persian effects; suitable for shams, bureau
scarfs and tea tables.
20x20 inches, 45c 18x36 inches, ?5c
18x27 inches, 60 32x32 inches, 85
24x24 inches, 65 18x54 inches, 95
Tapestries
Splendid reproductions of the famous Gobelin
patterns. So exact are they, that you have to
take our word for it that they are not the real
Gobelin weave. Useful for wall hangings,
fire screens, cushion tops and chair coverings.
13x17 inches, 40c 20x20 inches, 40c
27x36 inches, 95c. $1.00. $1.10. $1.15. $1.35
125 to 131 Kearny St.
-.-,..„, ADVERTISEMENTS. . .'. * .
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL OFFERING
Of
Fine White Blankets!
We beg to inform our customers and
the public of the purchase of 48 cases
FINE WHITE BLANKETS (very slightly
iroperfect) at about ONE HALF THE
REGULAR MILL PRICE, and we will offer
tl}en) for sale at a correspondingly low
figure. The imperfection consists in a
slight stain or discoloration, and will not
injure or affect the wear of trje blanket
in any particular. -....A.
In connection with; tl^e above sale of
BlanK we will also offer 500 pairs
FINE NOTTINGHAM, FISHNET AND GUIPURE
CURTAINS,
In Wrjite and Ecru, at
$2.00 and $2.50 per Pair.
These Curtains range 3£ yards and 4
yards in length;, full width, and tr;e very
latest designs. v *
Housekeepers will find the above the Greatest Bar-
gains ever offered in San Francisco in Blankets and
. Curtains.
**f^CPu]J j*_«. _BL __flr ___r __tf_S9_fl ßV^^ _^ _ _l_P_r
___k **^ ___#i_f ___^^__F
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
DE YOUNG NOT
A CANDIDATE
NOT IN THE RACE FOR UNITED
STATES SENATOR.
Declares That His Only Ambition Is
to Aid in Bringing About the
Success of the Party.
M. H. de Young has defined his position
as regards his supposed political aspira
tions. In an open letter addressed to the
Examiner he announces that he is not a
candidate for United States Senator and
declares that he has no further interest
in politics other than a laudable desire to
aid in bringing about the success of the
Republican party. The declaration will,
no doubt, relieve the anxiety of many
people who have claimed to see in recent
political events certain indications of a re
turn of the ambition that has possessed
Mr. de Young in years past.
The letter, which is self-explanatory, is
as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Sept. 3. 1898.
Managing Editor San Francisco Exam
iner—Dear Sir: In an article in the Ex
aminer this morning, referring to local
politics, I noto the following part of a sen
tence contained therein: "De Young's ac
tive candidacy for the Senate." etc.
In this connection you have been im
posed upon. I am not making any efforts
In that line. I am not a candidate for
United States Senator. I have no political
manager nor any political bureau. I dis
pute the right of any one to inject my
name into this campaign. I have in past
years been an aspirant for the United
States Senatorshlp, but realizing that the
questions to be settled for this Govern
ment by the Republican party are of
more importance than the private ambi
tions of any individual, I am anxious for
the success of the Republican State
ticket, and shall bend my energies exclus
ively to that result, as I hope every Re
publican will during the ensuing cam
paign. Respectfully yours.
M. H. DE YOUNG.
AFTER THE SUTBO ROAD.
There is considerable speculation g-olne
on over the Sutro Electric Railroad, which
runs from Central avenue and Sutter
street to the Cliff House. It is understood
that the heirs of the Sutro estate will dis
pose of the road as soon as the condition
of the estate will permit of it. This fact
is known to the managers of the Market
street Railroad Company and to the peo
ple who run the Sutter-street line, and "
both companies are anxious to obtain con
trol of the Sutro line. To the Sutter
street corporation, whose line it connects
with at Central avenue, the Sutro mad
would be of vast importance, as it would
grlve It a through route to the ocean. On
the other hand, the Market-street com
bine has its roads on each side of the
Sutter-street company's lines in such a
manner as to prevent Its extension in any
direction; hence the great desire of this
company to get control of the Sutro line
which not only runs to the park but to
the Cliff House.
The Market-street combine leased the
right from the California-street Cable
Company to operate the steam dummy so
called, to the Cliff House. The franchise*
for these steamcars from Central avenue
to the ocean and to the Park by way of
Sixth avenue expires on the 27th inst.
After this date the company must either
discontinue its service or equip the road
with cable or electricity. Consequently
the bidding for the Sutro line, if it is put
on the market, promises to be most
spirited.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ..
82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 S2 88. : '
25 CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. §
I jjgg? An Oak I
« . JiiilL Chiffonier %■
85 Ttettetsffi? (That is every a ;
2* l^p K?LlfcS§3 bit as good as c« .•'
*! B|-P^^^ j THAT-3 OUR $* ■
•-. HBi is? "-"^^ — ft SPECIAL ■'
25 Ei».fl&- :^-"'^ NEXT WEEK. ' & :
88 Kg ipF^f^X 1 NEXT WEEK. "& '
2* HI 1 CHirFONIEB, §•
o. M SN^' ," Without Mirror, V
a ...^SSla^. With Mirror, SB ' .
t «8.50»---
f SHOP EVERYWHERE! ■a' ■
a. GET POSTED! 28. ■
*° Then come to us and compare
*5 our stock, and you will find that V- '
•S we excel all in ' 8S ; .
% Quality, Style and_Lowcst Prices. £ -.-
I J. NOON AN §■
cj Complete House-Furnisher. £$-
25 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., a
85 : Above Sixth. ' o» -.!
'Phone South 14. Open Evenings. *°. \
88 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 32 82 11 82" . •
DR.MQNULTY. I
■Tf IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD", v
•*• opecia.llstcurrji'rivate. Nervous, and Blood Dis- •.
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and • •
'pjfj knessesof Men. free. Over 20 v'rs' experience. " ••
at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours.9 * .
J2;^ al i y:6::50to8:30ev '^- Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul.
and sacredly confldentlal. Call.oraddreas - ■
■ ■ . J-r.-"-' I>r. P. ROBCOE M^TLTY, ?'•
gC^ Kearny »t.; San Fraucisco, Cal, .
"D TT TJ t? Q FOR BARBERS. BAK- "'
Ol\U OllJuO ere > bootblacks, bath- ".
. ,- : houses, billiard tables.-
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, <-nners,
dyers, ■ flournnils, foundries, ' laundries, paper- •
hangers, • printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners,' tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento SAS AA
CHINESE
JUNTA
HERE IS
HANDLING
THE REBEL
LION IN THE
FLOWERY
KINGDOM
LONDON, Sept. 2.— A special dispatch from Shanghai dated Wednes
day says:
The Chinese Government troops, it is reported, have been defeated
In two pitched battles during the last ten days by the Kwangsi rebels,
losing 3090 men. The rebels are said to number 80,000 and the provin
. cial forces are against them. t
A Governor of high rank has been ordered to lead his troops In per
son and completely suppress the rebellion within a month, under penalty
of severe punishment.
An imperial edict just issued strongly censures the Governor of
Kwangsi province for deceiving the Emperor in July last by reporting
■ that the rebellion had been suppressed.
• • • *
LONDON, Sept. I— Hongkong dispatches state that the revolu
tionary societies in China, which, are practically affiliated under one
head, are most active in their efforts to profit by the existing complica
tions in the Orient. Their main object is to strike a decisive blow at
the Manchurian dynasty before either Russia or England has suc
ceeded in obtaining supremacy at Peking. With this end in view,
the societies have recently met in extraordinary conventions in the
.principal Chinese cities, and have dispatched agents to their Euro
pean and American branches to rush the plan of action to a speedy con
.: summation. These agents possess absolute authority to purchase
army supplies, if necessary, •or influence foreign legislation in favor of
the rebels. The arrival of these agents in the European capitals is be
ing eagerly awaited and already diplomatic batteries are being trained
;. in their direction. America will be covered by the most shrewd of the
society's representatives, and San Francisco is reported to • have been
selected as the base operations. The successful work of the Cuban
. Junta in America has greatly encouraged the leaders who represent the
■ "Chinese Junta."
THE secret agent of the so-called "Chinese rebels" is here In San Fran
cisco in daily and close discussion with the Chinese junta handling
this end of tho great rebellion. Nothing will satisfy them but the
complete overthrow of the present Manchurian dynasty. I managed
. to meet him through the kindly influences; of a learned old doctor
who stands high in the councils of the Ghee Kung Tong Society.
On seei.ig the report in the daily papers that the rebellion was flaming
kfiore actively than ever throughout the Flowery Kingdom and that secret
• emissaries had been dispatched to the strongholds of the conspirators
throughout the world I went to the old physician and asked him point
blank if I could meet the agent accredited to San Francisco. For decadea
this city has been the greatest stronghold in foreign lands of the conspira
tors and I knew that the one sent here must be important and powerful.
The old doctor was silent a moment over my question, as if duly weigh
ing his words before speaking. "The agent has arrived," he said slowly,
"and is at present in busy consultation with the brothers of our order at
. headquarters. Yes, you may have an Introduction, but the name of the
agent must, of course, remain a secret for the present."
We proceeded to the office of the society and ...ere I met the agent, a
Chinese f most striking personality, a man who wculd attract attention
even though one were ignorant of his mission. Although this man speaks
not a ord of English he seems most remarkably well posted on the affairs
of the world and particularly the political feeling <~ the great powers.
I c ion lerrned that h<> was one of that vast army of disappointed schol
ars, who have passed the severe civil service examination of China, and
who- should according to the time-honored curtoms .nd laws of his peo
ple, have been given an official position in the Chinese Government.
But, as he said, "Our people have become degenerate. The officials
' sz- mere plutocrats. Money is the ruling power of China to-<lay. Ab you
Well know " has been written that civil service should be the stepping stone
, to all political advancement. Many of us who have spent our lives in study
.. that we might be fitted for future Government positions have been most
heartlessly set aside to give place to a lot of sons "f rich men who have
the wherewithal to purchase the positions whicii rightfully belong to us.
The result this pernlciou system is that the moneyed classes of China to
day cont-ol the Government from the Tsung Li Yemen down to the humb
. lest postoffice clerk, and manipulate it to suit their own ends. Hence the
revolutionary body of China, of which I am the accredited representative
. to this country, is ripe for rebellion.
"Of course we have watched the result of the late trouble In Cuba, all of
• • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
The Insignia of the Ghee Knng • Tong, the Most Powerful and Largest Secret
Political Organization In the World.
The -Secret- Emissary : of the « Chinese Rebels, Who; Has Just Arrived an- San
: \ Francisco : 'to Consult With the Junta Here.
He is of the brightest and boldest of the Chinese who have visited this country in search of advice
and the sinews of war to help the rebels overturn the present Chinese dynasty. He says that before he left
the Celestial Kingdom the leaders of the Ghee Kung Tong Society had set a day to rise against the Emperor.
London dispatches of yesterday confirm this assertion and state that 80,000 rebels in several provinces are in
open arms and have succeeded in defeating the imperial soldiers sent against them. The uprising is spread
ing rapidly. For several months past it has been rumored here that this secret emissary when he arrived
would have full power to purchase men-of-war from any of the South American republics. The agent and
several members of the Junta now state that this plan ha 3 been changed owing to the late complications
that have arisen since the big European nations began to grab Chinese territory.
Sketched from life by a Call artist.
which has given us an insight as to the newly born foreign policy of the
United States in which we are so vitally interested. No, we do not expect
material help from the United States in or.r strugele for liberty, but we
are much interested to know how our people in the Philippine Islands will
thrive under republican protection.
"In fact, I may say, this is one of the principal objects of my mission
to this country.
"We have discovered that the consular reports submitted by the repre
sentatives of the Chinese C r'ernment in, the United States are wholly un
trustworthy. What little truth they do contain has been suppressed by
the imperial authorities. Although lam not the embassador of any estab
lished forri uf government, still I represent a greater number of people,
possibly, than any member of the diplomatic corps at Washington. My ob
ject is to confirm the information given us by the brethren of our order
in this hemisphere.
"I was ordered here in a hurry and so left just before the time set for.
several of the provinces to rise against the Imperial government. Cable-.
grams inform me that the uprisings have taken place as planned. Events
will move rapidly now in the rebellion. The Chinese in America have been
counted on to do giant help and that is what I am here for. The time of
action is come.
"We realize that we will be obliged to fight, but we have every prospect
of success, for the Chinese people are with ua to a man. Our men are be
ing rapidly armed— for infantry service only— and we expect that our con
flict will be short and bloody. The Manchurian hirelings will be our only
foe, for we are confident that the many powers will refuse to allow either
England or Russia to assist in suppressing the contemplated uprising..
The present Chinese Government depends entirely upon this intervention
for safety. Do you think she can have it?
"Of course I am aware that my presence in this country is known to the .
agents of the Chinese Government. I know, too, that lam in hourly danger
of assassination. Let that be as it may. M- ca -c is a sacred one, and I
am ready and willing to brave any danger if my beloved country can be •
freed from the erasp of the low-caste Tartars who have too long misruled
China.
"We might purchase ships from certain of the South American republics
—in fact it was our original intention to do so— but we have concluded that
it were better to attack the government internally, where it cannot be
reached by Immediate assistance from any foreign power. This is our plan
of action as near as I am at liberty to state at the present time.
"I should think America would be greatly interested in this movement
as it opens up one of the greatest channels of trade known to the present .
century. China is probably one of the richest agricultural countries, natu
rally, that the sun ever shone upon. She is watered by a million rivers '
and generally her soil is rich and productive. All she needs is modern ma- .
chinery to develop these great agricultural treasures, and America is our
natural source of supply. Will America allow this opportunity for com-; :
mercio.l advancement to slip through her fingers? I think not."
» * * » ';
Late developments have changed the political horizon of the world,
namely, the success of the Cubans in their struggle just ended, all of which
has encouraged the revolutionary spirit so long dormant in China, and the ...
Mongols have awakened to the fact that it is time to strike a blow that will
deliver the Government of China into the hands of its rightful rulers.
The great Chinese revolutionary society is known locally as the Ghee ..
Kung Tong, and its four principal heads are situated at Canton, Manila, .
Singapore and San Francisco. The only office in this city is 69 Spofford
alley. The society has a membership in this State of about 20,000 able
bodied men, all of whom have been trained to carry arms. They are pro
tected by secret signs and passwords, pay liberally for the best legal ad
vice obtainable, and are in the main prepared to protect themselves against
the machinations of the home government. They are known to the agents
of the Chinese Government collectively only, and never bu^ in one instance
has an individual member bwn molested by his country's officials for his
connection with the order during his residence in this country. This oc
curred about a year ago, when the late notorious highbinder war was in pro
gress in this city. During that period a Chinese merchant was on a visit
to the Kwang Tong province and was arrested and held by the native au
thorities there at the instigation of the imperial consul here. It was pre
sumed at the time that this course might have a tendency to quiet the in
cipient riots which were keeping the San Francisco Coroner most uncom
fortably busy. The complaint lodged against this individual was that he
was a member of a seditious society and could be held and punished, for
treason An amicable agreement between the different trades guilds and
a promise to be good finally solved the problem and the merchant was al
lowed to return to San Francisco.
The Ghee Kung Tong is open to all persons, irrespective of race and color,
who are willing to take the proper oath, after being introduced by some
member of the order, who has seen to it that the candidate has expressed
the requisite patriotic spirit. Merchants, laborers, house servants, me
chanics and even criminals, are members of this society.
I found one most enthusiastic member who holds a position of trust and
confidence in one of our banks, a man of education in our language as well
as his native tongue. During our conversation he expressed great confidence ■
in the result of the patriotic movement which, he says, cannot help but be
successful He said: "We are sure to win, for we have both might and
right on our side. Why? In the last ten years we have undermined the
very throne itself. We have thousands of the high officials of the govern
ment on our rolls, men of education, brains and diplomatic training, men
who see corruption under their very noses dally, and are even obliged to
condone such outrages or lose both their political and physical heads. We
are not going into this thing blindfold. We have spent hundreds of years
accumulating our stock of knowledge and we have paid very dearly for the
high-priced experience."
"But how," I asked, "do you expect to accomplish the overthrow of the
present Chinese Government?"
"Oh' That is somewhat of a secret," he replied. "Still, I feel that I
can give you a fair idea of our plans without fear of Injury to ourselves.
"In the first place, you must understand that we so-called rebels have
a metaphoric ' government already established in the mother country. It
is ruled by a man whose Unerase is royal beyond the question of a doubt,
and although our principles are essentially republican, we have taken the
precaution which gives our people a confidence and incentive for good and
co-operative' action. We are not poor, as we have been accumulating a
fund for many years, and I may say to you that this fund were it sud
denly withdrawn from its places of deposit would in all probability create
a panic in the money market. However, we contemplate no such foolish
move In case of action our funds would be so carefully anJ gradually
withdrawn that no one would feel any susceptible change. Our greatest
trouble at home has been the distribution of small arms, but this is being
rapidly accomplished through our brothers In the employ of the present
government.
"You may be sure our party will strike as one man when the occasion re
quires The world will then witness a hand-to-hand conflict, the most
bloody since the hordes of Khan devastated the land of our forefathers.
We ask nothing but right and justice, and we are bound to have it.'
To get the junta's idea from another standpoint I went back to my old
physician.
"My son," he said, in the picturesque Oriental style of his people, "if
you come here to trifle with the feelings of an old man who has devoted
the best years of his life to a sacred cause you may depart in peace. If, on
the other hand you are a well-wisher, let me ~ ! '» you welcome, and lam
quite willing to speak the honest words that come from the heart, not the
mouth talk of the braggart or the smooth, polished conversation of the
Western infidel.
"I am Pagan and know nothing of your Western civilization. I know
the history of my country, know that we are ruled by a lot of foreign devils
who have accumulated enormous fortunes, all wrung from the honest tiller
of the soil. The time has come when the great central kingdom of the
earth (China" 1 must be returned to the Chinese. Look you at this book."
Here he produced a Chinese work on astrology. "Observe the constellation
of the planets. My son, what has been written by the great masters must
come to pass. All is arranged and the Tartar must fall. We care not that
he has fattened his purse from the spoil of his misrule in the past. The past
is dead.
"Yes, our order is most powerful and well organized. We have our
branches established in every great city throughout the world, and once the
word is given freedom for beloved China must follow. You say the great
powers may intervene? I give careful ear to such words of wisdom, but
we have our plans well matured and are prepared to meet such exigencies.
Not all the great powers are our enemies. We have our friends and we have
learned by careful observation that the Western man loves liberty, that he
is ever ready and willing to lend a helping hand to all down-trodden -eople
who ask only for a righteous government. Your own great nation has freed
the Cubans I am told, and has asked for nothing in return. We require
no such help. We are strong in ourselves and wish but an opportunity to
show what China can be when ruled by Chinese.
"We are in daily communication with the heads of departments in the
various cities where our order has its officers. We realize the many diffi
culties under which we labor, but our system is so perfect and our means
of communication so well arranged that San Francisco is in perfect touch
with Canton, Manila and Singapore.
"You must remember that an insurrection in China would mean far
different warfare from what you might expect of any other country. China
is weak. Her standing army is one on paper only, which was fully verified
during the late war with Japan. She has been almost deprived of her navy
and now she depends entirely upon England and Russia for coast protection.
She is without railways as a means of transportation and would find it
a physical impossibility to move great bodies of troops from one province
to another. By our system of communication mentioned we would be able
to alarm every province of the empire in a space of time so short as to
arouse the admiration and astonishment of your Coasted Western civiliza
tion.
"We do not contemplate a war of extermination. It is our intention
simply to seize the reins of government, dethrone the present ruler,
Kwong Suey, who is a mere puppet, quite plastic in the hands of the shrewd
old Dowager Empress, his mother, and the wily Li Hung Chang. The last
mentioned Is an acknowledged diplomat, who for years has traded on the
misfortunes of his country. However humane our intentions may be, I fear
it will be a difficult task to preserve the head of this old sinner from the
wrath of the people, for the present generation of Chinese attribute many
of their country's misfortunes to the wicked Li Hung Chang.
"The protection of England and Russia, upon which the government so
strongly relies, could scarcely be utilized during internal warfare, so our
battle will be one of the people against the powers that be. We are fairly
well armed, though our men have not had the advantage of military train
ing, according to the Western idea, still they will serve better than green
hands. If you have taken the trouble to observe, you may have noticed
that there are more shooting galleries here in Chinatown, in proportion to
the population, than in any other district of San Francisco. This means
that our men are forever practicing with the rifle and pistol and the pro
prietors of these booths will tell you that they are most excellent marks
men." W. C BUNNER.18
MAKING THE NEW ARTIFICIAL OLBUMEN IN THE LABORATORY.
It is reported that a Dr. Llllienfeld of Vienna has discovered a
process for making albumen artificially out of certain coal-tar
waste products. He claims that it has all the properties of pep
tone, and that by means of it one can obtain albumen in sufficient
quantity to support life at an expenditure of about 8 cents a day.
It occurs in the form of a Drown powder and has a taste resem
bling egg albumen.— Medical T{ecord.
ARTIFICIAL albumen from coal
tar is the latest product of sci
ence.
This astonishing report comes
from Vienna, and Dr. Lilienfeld
s the man to whom the credit of dis
covery is given. He went through the
iperation of producing albumen from
;oal tar before an assembly of physi
cians and scientists, and no one of the
company had the least doubt that
the result was all that was claimed
'or it.
The raw product was a dark brown
powder, with a taste almost identical
;o egg albumen.
The importance of this discovery is
ilmost beyond estimate. Artificial al-
Dumen at a low cost will most surely
revolutionize the method of food pro
iuction for the entire world and render
possible many things that are now im
aossible.
An ounce of pure albumen has about
twenty times the nourishing power of
meat. It will nearly equal a peck of
potatoes, and has, besides, the quality
if not interfering with the digestive
ipparatus, even though eaten exclu
sively for months at a time. It is the
ictive principle of all animal food and
the developing energy of all embry
onic life.
At present albumen is expensive, ex
?ept for a short part of each year. In
neat it costs over 25 cents a pound. In
len eggs the cost varies from 15 cents
a. pound to 60 cents a pound. And if
the meat and eggs are not fresh the
nourishing quality of the albumen is
greatly lessened.
With artificial albumen man will no
longer be dependent upon living ani
mals for meat foods, but will iroduce
them in the laboratory.
A year's meat supply for one man
INGENIOUS ESCAPE
of a Burglar
FROM PRISON.
HERE Is the story of a burglar's
clever escape from an English
prison and his subsequent re
capture. His patience, coolness
and daring at the time aroused
a good deal of comment in the j
English newspapers. The rogue was j
taken only after a desperate struggle, j
says a London paper. The officer was
assisted by three stalwart men, who
held the runaway on the ground while
the handcuffs were adjusted. It appears i
that the rumors in circulation that the {
burglar, Hiverton by name, carried a ;
revolver were unfounded, but, having ;
regard to the character of the fugitive, ]
it was deemed advisable to exercise the i
greatest caution in approchlng him.
Although the story of the prisoner
having removed a slab or flooring stone
In his" cell in order to escape through
a flue has caused great interest and
wonderment in police circles, yet the
true version of his daring and remark
able escape has only just come to light.
The prisoner first gained possession of
an instrument wherewith to raise the
stone in his cell. This he accomplished
by unscrewing from the wall the elec
tric communicator and breaking off a
piece of iron about a foot long. He then
set to work and raised two slabs near
the heating apparatus grating, and got
into a very narrow flue, through which
he forced himself along until he event
ually found himself in the heating
room. From here he got into an
other flue, forty - one feet long,
and crawled through this to a fit
ting room, where he found tools, which
he used in taking out and breaking off
the screws of the door, which was
locked from the outside. He also ob
tained a plank and a piece of rope.
By tying a piece of rope to a plank and
throwing it he scaled a wall and drop
ped Into the garden of the chief warder
of the Jail.
It was now daylight, and there was
still a wall Between him and liberty.
However, he managed to get over, and
coolly walke<Lout in front of the ward
em' residence*. It seems that he went
going to the Klondike can be carried
in a small market basket. For a short
trip into the desert a man can caxry
his food in his pocket. There will be
no danger of it spoiling nor causing
excessive thirst, as all salted meats do.
This prepared albumen is the ideal
food, suited for all times and all con
ditions, and not at all likely to cause
such diseases as scurvy.
Naturally one asks how albumen can
be made from coal tar and why it is so
nourishing and acceptable to the stom
ach.
Both questions are questions of
atomic chemistry.
The components of albumen and coal
tar are almost the same, except that
they exist in different proportions in
the two substances.
Albumen is composed of carbon, hy
drogen, nitrogen, oxygen and sulphur.
These are all of the principal elements
of nature. Coal tar contains the same
elements, but more carbon and oxy
gen. The atoms are all then in coal
tar, and if the chemist can isolate them
and then combine them in the proper
proportions there is no chemical rea
son why albumen should not be the re
sult.
The method Dr. Lilienfeld followed
to produce his artificial albumen has
not been made public, but it is under
stood that the chemical combination is
phenol, amydo-acetic acid and phos
pho-chlorlc oxide. He demonstrated
its identity with natural albumen by
several of the well-known reaction
testa.
Albumen agrees with the stomach be
cause it contains so many of the ele
ments that the secretions are not ex
hausted in converting it into tissue
cells.
It is this quality that makes it pos
sible to eat albumen day after day for
months without causing distress to the
stomach.
Experiments to Rhow the results of
ofE at top gpeed in the direction of
Sketty, as if making for the scene of
his recent plunder at Captain Hall's
ltsidence.
It Is well known that at 9 o'clock he
stealthily entered Sketty and rang the
bell at the residence of Mr. Shenck,
engineer to the Swansea Harbor Trust.
The servant answered the call at the
door and afterward Mrs. Shenck went
to see what the stranger wanted. In
piteous tones he asked for something
to eat, and Mrs. Shenck, moved by his
beggarly appearance and touching ap
peal, said to the servant: "Let him
have a -little breakfast." Thereupon
Rlverton was allowed into the house
and straightway cc-nducted to the
kitchen, where a bountiful supply of
food was placed before him. He ate
heartily and appeared extremely thank
ful for the generosity of the family.
One distinctive feature about the des
perndo is that all his front teeth are
missing, and this information was well
circulated throughout the district by
the police. When the prisoner's appear
ance was described to Mrs. Shenck she
immediately recalled the fact that her
early visitor requested to be suppllel
with soft bread, as his .Jaws, he said,
were painful to him. After partaking
of the breakfast Rlverton became quit-?
at ease, and realizing that he was un •
der the roof of a good Samaritan ho
jocosely asked to be allowed to wash
his hands and face, a privilege which
was granted. By this means he was
able to remove the traces left by his
burrowing under the cell. He was un
convicted, and consequently dressed in
his owli clothes, so that after a wash
and brush-up he was able to leave the
premises without attracting any spe
cial notice.
At Cwndonkin Park Riverton was
noticed by a man who gave informa
tion to the police. A search was made
at this spot, but only an empty sack
! was found, the fugitive having left the
i place, well knowing that the police
j would soon be on his track. He was
i now hard pressed, so he concealed him
self under a piece of corrugated iron,
a sack being his pillow. Riverton, it
is said, boldly entered the King Arthur
i Hotel, where the topic of conversation
j throughout the morning was the clev
i erness and ingenuity of the very man
i who was so near. Meanwhile he was
j closely watched, and It was soon seen
that he was unmistakably the escaped
prisoner. Police Constable Brown was
quickly alongside the runaway after
I that.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY, ■ SEPTEMBER 4, 189 S.
exclusive diet on ducks have proved
albumen to be the only substance ca
pable of sustaining life for any length
of time. A duck fed exclusively on
butter lived only seven days; one fed
on fat meat About ten days; one fed
on starch two weeks; one fed on lean
meat thirteen days. The duck fed on
albumen showed no signs of dying ever
after several months of the diet. The
same experiments on dogs and chick
ens gave about the same proportional
results. Of course, water was freely
given in connection with the exclusive
diets.
Should artificial albumen prove all
that Is claimed for it there is no rea
son to believe that man would find 11
necessary or desirable to live on it ex
clusively. In fact, his appetite would
most likely object. This is one of ths
instances where science cannot over
come nature. But artificial ftlbumen,
as an accompaniment of starchy and
sugary foods, together with a little
acid, would be a boon to mankind. And
if necessity called for it albumen ex
clusively would sustain life a long
time. At least a year longer than any
other exclusive food would.
Scientists all over the world are talk
ing of little else besides Dr. Lilienfeld's
discovery. All feel that it is possible
to make albumen from coal tar. And
when the wonders of "synthetical"
chemistry as considered there is no
need of surprise.
On the subject of chemical synthesis,
the entire chemical world is aroused,
and scores of laboratories in Germany
and elsewhere are actively experi
menting, for discoveries along these
lines have enormous commercial possi
bilities in them. Substances that hith
erto have been produced only by pro
cesses of nature are now "built up" in
the laboratories with great exactness,
meeting every test. What is more, they
can be made in this way at far less
cost than they can be taken from some
plant, frequently a rare one. The es
sential element, the extract, instead of
being distilled or yielded to some com
plicated method of treatment, is made
up in the reverse way — working back
ward, as it were.
What has already been accomplished
in this field would make a long story.
Scores of "compounds," elements, es
sences and essential principles under
way are proved scientifically possible;
commercial successes or their secrets
all but wrested by experimenting sci
entists. No one outside of the active
THE Alolah:
THE MYSTERIOUS
LITTLE RED FISH THAT
IS THE HARBINGER OF
WOE TO HAWAII
WHEN the Hawaiian flag ceased to flutter in the
breeze on August 12 last Alolah, the Hawaiian
prophet of the sea, disappeared from the face
of the waters of the islands.
"It will come no more,*' say the natives.
"There is nothing else to tell U3. Our cup of misfortune is
full to overflowing. Our rulers are no more, our monarchy
is no more. The Alolah will be po more."
The story of the alolah is mor" than passing strange.
It is a little crimson fish and never does it appear in any
of the harbors about Hawaii except as a harbinger of some
national misfortune or bereavement. Time and again out
of mind has it appeared and time and again a 8 certain as
the night follows the day has some national distress fol
lowed in Its wake. It has foretold the death of Princes,
the passing of Kings, revolutions and last of all the end
of the kingdom. Just before a coming calamity schools of
these little red fish run near the surface of the water.
Hawalians dread the sight and a period of dread anxiety
always follows their appearance.
Of late years the alolah has been seen more often than
of yore, for troubles have multiplied as thick and fast as
the showers that deluge the queen island of the Pacific.
A foreigner has never been known to catch an alolah.
Whenever a native displays this brilliant carmen-colored
creature of the sea a feeling of intense uneasiness pervades
the land. "What misfortune are we about to suffer?" ask
the fearful natives.
Never once during the early years of Kalakaua's reign
did they catch an alolah. Why? Because the alolah came
up from the deep only when a note of warning must be
sounded to the Hawaiian people. The alolah was but a
name to the younger generation of Hawaiians. They had
heard of them, but had never seen them because national
troubles had not visited the country in their day. They
caught brilliant-hued fish of every other variety, but the
tiny red alolah with its peculiar markings they could never
find. And their fathers were pleased for they dreaded the
catching of an alolah, believing as they did that It was a
forerunner of impending calamity.
But one morning a frand of spluttering, barefoot, Jabber
ing children ran up to the paJace bearing a trophy of the
WILL REVOLUTIONIZE THE FOOD SUPPLY OF
THE WORLD.
Dr. Lifienfefd of Vienna Claims He Has Discovered How to Manufacture
IT REQUIRES DOG SLEDS AND MANY
PACKS TO CARRY ENOUGH PROVI
SIONS INTO THE KLONDIKE TO LAST
. ONE MAN THROUGH THE SEASON.
field of chemistry knows what strides
have been made and what the future
seems to have in prospect.
It is along coal tar lines that the
most has been done. Drugs and colors
that formerly were only to be extracted
from plant life at great cost are now
in great part compounded from the
products of coal tar, and the artificial
competes successfully in open market
with the natural. Great fortunes have
already been accumulated by the lu6ky
investors and capitalists. This has en
couraged others to enter the field.
Wide awake, modern chemists find
large sums at their beck and call for
this sort of work, and visions of big
royalties are dangled before them.
Thus Fischer, the German professor
and chemist, is said to have made over
$40,000 in a single year on one coal tar
patent, and others have gained reve
nues scarcely less. That indigo has for
a long time been made successfully by
artificial means is an old story. There
sea that was new to them and must surely be the alolah.
"Is this an alolah?" they asked, excitedly. "The Prince
will surely die," said the guard at the gate entrance. "The
Prince will die," repeated the Hawaiians when they heard
of the alolah'a appearance.
For the heir apparent to King Kalakaua's throne, his
Royal Highness William Pitt Liliohohu. lay ill of the fever.
The coming of the alolah meant that the illness would be
fatal; so they read the augury.
Three days afterward the Prince died and the alolah
had proven its mission to younger Hawaii. Then it disap
peared from the face of the waters again.
Lydia Kamakacha Lilluokalani was proclaimed next in
line of succession. The alolah came no more for a long
period to arouse anxiety.
In 1890 King Kalakaua visited San Francisco in the
United States cruiser Charleston as a guest of Rear Admiral
Brown. San Francisco threw its hospitable doors open to
this dark-skinned monarch. His people heard of it and
another link was wrought in their chain of friendship for
the good "Laoles" across the water. From San Francisco
on to every point of interest, from the snow-capped Sierras
to the orange-perfumed south, the King traveled, finally
returning to San Francisco to rest before sailing for his
island home.
The Hawaiians were preparing to welcome him as it was
meet that a people should "welcome a well-beloved ruler.
In the midst of their work of decorating the islands the
dread report spread that the little alolah were running in
the waters before Honolulu.
What evil did the red fish carry in its wake this time?
January 20, 1891, King Kaiakaua died in his apartments
at the Palace Hotel, San Francisco, and the little alolah
dived out of sight the same day in the harbor of Honolulu.
Lydia Kamakaeha Liliuokalani, she that is now ex-
Queen, was proclaimed Queen. The alolah was caught
several times during the first years of her, reign and as
usual national calamities of greater or lesser degree fol
lowed clo3e upon its appearance.
The revolutions of 1893-95 were heralded by the alolah.
During those troubled times more of the little crimson fish
were caught than during the entire reign of any other
monarch. >
WHEN ALBUMEN FOOD IS MANUFAC
TURED A MAN MAY EASILY CARRY
ENOUGH OF IT IN A SMALL BAS
KET TO LAST HIM THROUGH A
LONG SEASON.
is hardly another color, however, that
cannot be built up by chemical means.
A fast, dead black is the single tint
that has evaded the chemist thus far.
The essences, too, have yielded to
chemical sciences. These are still ex
tracted in the old-time way, but the
most of them are "made."
It would seem as if the secrets of
chemistry were being more and more
laid bare. The scientists have not
stopped at these inventions. The new
coal-tar drugs — some with such names
as alinit, europhen, ferro-somatoso,
protargol, salophen and tannoplne —
have come largely into use, and act
ively compete with the old-time vege
table and plant products. The alka
loids, formerly extracted, are now fur
nished drug stores in their pure state,
made in the laboratories. Oil of win
tergreen is likewise made, and car
bolic acid is artificially produced. Sci
Af&umen, the Basis
of Animaf Life, at
Very Little Cost.
The New Food Is Made Out of Coal Tar,
hut Clever Cooks Will Be Able to Trans
form It Into All Sorts of
Palatable Dishes.
ence has, as a matter 'of fact, surpass
ed nature at one pomt — the making of
bitter almond oil. The artificial is
concededly better than the natural — it
has no poison (prussic acid) in it.
Artificial sugar is an actuality— not
saccharine, but genuine sugar. This
responds to every test, and no differ
ence in taste can be detected. Science
makes artificial alcohol as well, and
excellent alcohol. Neither of these pro
ducts is yet a commercial success,
though there is every, reason to believe
that both soon will be.
While there are many eminent sci
entists who agree with Dr. Lillienfeld
and firmly believe that he has pro
duced artificial albumen, there are
others equally eminent who object.
They say that he is only a step nearer
the actual result.
One of these objectors is the famous
Dr. Pickering of Kings College, Lon
don. He is a well-known writer on
physiological subjects and maintains
that the substance that Lillienfeld has
succeeded in making is not albumen,
the manufacture of which is still a
secret to be wrested from science, and
that he has advanced several stages
nearer the production of the artificial
proteid which is to revolutionize the
food supply of the world.
Right or wrong, it is obviously only
fair that Dr. Pickering should be given
an opportunity of proving his claim
not only to have anticipated the
vaunted discovery of the "Viennese
chemist, but also to have left it be
hind in his advance toward the arti
ficial production of that mysterious
substance which forms the basis of all
living matter.
Dr. Pickering, when speaking of the
matter before a body of learned men
-a short time ago, said: "Some six
years ago, while pursuing my work as
a physiologist, I happened accidentally
on a short communication by Professor
E. Grimaux, the distinguished Parisian
savant, which had escaped the eyes of
most investigators. It was published,
I remember, in the year 1889, and it de
scribed how the French scientist had
built up artificial substances which
gave some of the tests that had hith
erto been considered essentials of albu
men.
"Working on the lines suggested by
Professor Grimaux, I discovered six
other substances, still more like albu
men, and these results were published
in pamphlet form in 1895, and laid in
full detail before the Royal Society on
December 10, 1896, as well as before
the Academy of Sciences in Paris. My
discoveries created some sensation at
the time in scientific circles. But, al
though my substances gave all the
tests of albumen, they were not the
real thing. One of these six sub
stances was perhaps more important
than the others. It had the peculiar
ity that when digested it gave products
that 'behaved' in every respect like real
peptone, which is the substance formed
by digesting natural albumen.
"Now Lillienfeld's substance, which I
have reproduced, gives some of the
tests of real peptone, but not all. His
discovery is no more albumen than
mine; it is, in fact, one stage farther
from it than the substance discovered
three years ago by myself. Lillien
feld does not seem to have noted that
peptone, which is perhaps the right
name for his product, is only the halt
way house to albumen. I have gona
one step nearer producing a pure pro
teid. My substance only differs from
albumen in being less heavy and less
susceptible to polarised light. It even
possesses the deadly characteristic of
In July, 1898, the alolah agrain became
a frequent visitor in Hawaiian waters.
There were those who said that its
coming meant that the republic of Ha
waii should resist annexation. On July
1, 1898, the joint resolution of Congress
was approved by President McKinley.
It provided for the annexing of the
Hawaiian Islands to the United States.
The cession was formally consented to
and approved by the republic of Ha
waii. The anti-annexation leaders
I called into play every device and argu
ment to make the natives realize that
this meant a destruction of their na
tionality. "What need for this? Have
not the alolah been crught?" they
answered. "And when since the first
of our kings had this meant aught but
evil and misfortune?"
On August 10 a sad kanaka fisherman
displayed to a sore-hearted group of
natives the tiny crimson alolah. Two
days later, on the 12th day of August,
to the strains of "Hawaii Ponoi," the
Hawaiian flag was lowered, and the
American eo'ors raised to the music of
I "The Star-Span°rled Banner."
The natives believe that with the
passing of their independence the crim
son messenger of the sea will come no
more. For the alolah came to warn
the Hawaiian people of national calam
ities. And the flag of Hawaii is fallen—
the Hawaii of old is no more.
WHY "TOMMY ATKINS"?
He made his first appearance at the be
ginning of this century. He was a gunner
in the Royal Regiment of Artillery. At
that time soldiers' accounts were not well
kept, and monthly settlement? of soldiers
pay .were not regularly made. Thomas
Atkins kept a book in which he balanced
his accounts monthly, and so originated
the idea of a soldier's pocket ledger, or,
as it was called in the Royal Artillery,
a "Tommy Atkins," for I have heard it
so called during my service in the. army.
It may be certain that several improve
ments and alterations have taken Place
since the book was first introduced. I
may add that the above named facts ]
heard from my father, who knew Thomas
Atkins well, for he served in the Royal
Artillery at the time.
My grandfather, who was a color ser
geant in the Royal Artillery at the be
ginning of this century, was present at
the taking of the Cape of Good Hope.
ISOS-06, and was discharged to out pension
a few years after, called his account book
"Tommy Atkins." So did my uncle, late
gunner, Royal Artillery, a Waterloo man
Being born in the artillery, I never heard
the account book called by any other
name than "Tommy Atkins. It is nuite
an artillery word. Possibly the word
"pocket-ledger" la used now.-
FOOD MADE
of
ALBUMEN
Will Cost
EIGHT CENTS
a Day.
albumen, that when introduced Into the
living blood it kills instantly. There
is no absolute test for albumen. Even
if it were made artificially, no one
could be sure that it was the right sub
stance.
"My product could not, I am afraid,
be used as food, much less Lillienfeld's.
In the first place, the cost is absolutely
prohibitive. Then no one would will
ingly eat it because it is tasteless and
odorless, and produces a nauseating ef
fect. I once ate an ounce, but was very
sick. Its nutritive value is, I am con
vinced, not very great. Some mice
which were fed on it for a short time
in my laboratory grew rapidly thinner.
Lillienfeld's claim to have discovered
the means of making albumen to be
used as a substitute for food is, there
fore, to my mind entirely premature.
"I firmly believe that we are on the
eve of one of the greatest advances in
modern science. I am convinced that
some one working on these lines will
one day solve the problem which will
revolutionize the entire food supply of
the world. When real albumen is
made artificially and cheaply a coun
try like England need have no fear as
to her food supply. No question of food
in time of war would then affect us.
The question of overpopulation and
overcrowding as far as food is con
cerned would then have no fear for
our legislators. A few large factories
would then produce enough albumen
to feed not only England but the world.
"This new food will not, like the sub
stance which I have described to you,
be tasteless or odorless, for I am con
vinced that we shall be able to apply
the chemical properties that give taste
and color to animal food to the artifi
cial albumen. Neither our teeth nor
digestion will suffer by the change, for
it will be possible to render the new
food either hard or soft, and the cook
of the future will find ample scope for
her ingenuity in devising fresh dishes
and new ways of cooking them. Al
ready all the essential ingredients of
breadstuffs have been, or will shortly
be, produced artificially.
"I look forward to the time, though I
cannot perhaps hope to see it myself,
when the civilized man will no longer
depend on animal food for his living,
and when there will be practically no
limit to the food supply of the world."
OLD LINCOLN'S. INN.
The rabbits in the coney garth adjoin
ing the inn were "a temptation to the
youns gentlemen," who were conse
quently forbidden to use the bow against
the feeble folk, and, in 1846, to "shut in
gonnyte." It was not till 1572 that the
coneys were allowed to be destroyed.
Again, there was "dycyng and eardyng"
and "homes blawyn." Swords and "dag
gers were drawn in hall by brawling
limbs of the law; others fought it out
"with their fists"; even the unfortunate'
butler was at times buffeted or stabbed.
And yet there were legitimate outlets
provided for high spirits. Foremost
among them was "Le Nowall," beginning
on Christmas eve, which the inn kept
right royally and with much ceremony.
A King was appointed, and provided
with a marshal, master of the revels
steward, butler and constable. These of
ficers were officially recognized, and re
ceived ftes from the inn, which also pur
chased boars, malmsey, spices, holly,
"and apparently," the editor adds, "(a
mysterious) 'Pescodde.' " Those who are
acquainted with Shakespeare may sug
gest that the payment was made to one
who bore that nickname. On Innocents'
day the "King of Cokneys" sat as King;
and at the Purification there were the"
"Post Revels," at which, in the days of
Queen Elizabeth, many gentlemen of the
Middle Temple "came here to dance the
Revels with the gentlemen of this inn."—
The Athenaeum.
HORRORS OF THIRST
on the
AFRICAN DESERT.
IN "The New Africa" Dr. Schulz de
scribes the horrors of thirst in the
case of his companion, Hammar,
who became separated from the
party and wandered all day without
water over the dry, hot sand belt of the
South African desert.
We had been expecting to overtake
him all day and as night drew on we
became much disturbed at his absence.
We fired the gun, the signal agreed
upon if either of us was lost, but there
was no answer.
In half an hour the gun was again
discharged, and so on at each half
hour till half past ten. But no answer
from Hammar. Then, after the eleven
o'clock signal gur joy of joys! We
heard three shots in rapid succession,
about two miles out.
Grasping my gun and singing out to
Chikl to bring a big calabash of water
along, I ruslied off in the direction of
the shots, and soon was delighted to
see a fire blazing in the distance, t->
which I hurried as fast as my legs
could go.
There lay Hammar by the fire, pros
trate from exhaustion, so utterly done
that he could not put one foot before
the other, but still alive. His fac«r
looked like a piece of wood, and was
so pinched and dried up that he would
not have been recognized by a casual
acquaintance, and it was days before
he regained his usual appearance.
He had Pat down to rest beneath a
tree at dusk, and had loosened his cart
ridge belt. When he heard our first
signal gun faintly, he found with dis
may that his belt was missing. It was
dark, and he had gone a long distance
from the tree. He turned about and
made his way cautiously back to the
tree in the greatest anxiety lest he
should miss it.
Luckily he found it and the cartridge
belt lying where he had dropped it.
Then he retraced his steps, waiting for
the signal shots which kept him in the
right direction.
Hammar had been on his feet Bixteen
hours and as we reckoned it, had cov
ered between sixty and seventy miles
without touching a "drop of water.Most Amazing Experiences a Man Ever Lived to Cell
Wonderful Adventures
Which SSefell Xouis
de Rougemont *Dur~
ing Uhirtj/ 2/ears in
the South Seaa.
AFTER thirty years of the most
marvelous adventures through
which m;ip. ever passed and lived
to tell of, M. Louis de Rougemont
is safe and sound in London,
thrilling the people with his remarka
ble story.
is safe and sound in London, thrilling
the people with his remarkable story.
The little Frenchman is the hero of
the hour, and people look at him in
wonder whenever he appears on the
streets. Xo work of fiction ever told
of half the wonderful adventures that
have fallen to the lot of M. Rougemont.
"Robinson Crusoe" is outdone, and the
"Swiss Family Robinson" is nowhere.
During the thirty-five years of his
exile from civilization Rougemont was
sailor, pearl diver, castaway and can
nibal king. All of the time his life was
in danger of being cut short at any
moment. Perils were ever around him,
but he escaped them all and lives to
tell the tale.
Rougemont's story has been invest'
gated by several of the most noted
scientists and geographers in England,
among them being Dr. Scott Keltic, Dr.
Hugh Hall and Sir George Newnes.
These men spent hours with charts and
Rougemont. Nowhere in his story
could they find a hitch, and they have
given out that his account is trust
worthy. In fact Sir George Newnes
has such confidence in Rougemont that
he is going to fit out an expedition and
visit the desolate sandspit in the Pa
cific where pearls of great price are
lying. Rougemont will accompany the
expedition.
When Rougemont first arrived in
England nobody believed his tale. He
was laughed at and even called crazy.
But he persisted until his words reach
ed the proper people. Now skepticism
exists no longer, and that great and
august body, the British Association,
have invited M. de Rougemont to read
two papers, one in the geographical
and one in the anthropological section.
He has been approached by Mme. Tus
saud & Sons, who will have a figure of
him in their well-known exhibition in
order to gratify thousands of people
•who may not see M. de Rougemont in
the flesh — although it is necessary to
state that arrangements are now being
made for his lectures in all parts of the
three kingdoms, as well as in France,
Switzerland, Italy and America. Al
ready applications are being received,
literally from every quarter of the
globe, by letter and telegram, asking
about the book rights of the astounding
story.
The geographical authorities are
agreed that not only are M. de Rouge
mint's adventures entirely unprece
dented, but owing to the advance of
civilization it is practically certain that
no other civilized man will ever again
have opportunities for going through
what Louis de Rougemont has under
gone.
According to Rougemont's story he
left his home in Switzerland nearly 35
years ago and started out to see his
fortune in the French possessions of
the Far East. But luck was not with
him, and he had all he could do to earn
money enough to buy food and clothes.
Had he been able to have done so he
would have gone back to Switzerland
and taken up his old life on the farm.
But this he could not do and despair
almost seized him.
He was knocked about from one place
to another and finally reached Singa
pore almost "broke." Hf»re h..s fortunes
turned, for he met a Captain Jensen,
the owner of a small sohoon r called
the Veielland. that had just come out
from Holland. The two became quite
friendly.
"Will you come with me on a pearl
fishing expedition ?" asked Jensen one
day as the two were walking along the
wharf.
"Certainly," answered Rougt_mont,
quickly, "on what terms?"
"A share in the venture if you like,
or I will pay you regular wages when
we get back," answered Jensen.
Likine the idea of adventure and the
possibilities of a fortune, Rougemont
agreed to go on shares.
Jensen then explained that he had in
mind a certain portion of the South
Seas that was said to be fabulous in its
wealth of pearls. No European had
ever been there. This was In the early
'GO'S "If we succeed, my young mend,
he raid, "yau are rich. If we fa'l we
both go broke." .
Rougemont had no idea of the part
of the world he was going to. But that
did not deter him.
The Veielland sailed from Singapore
early in the summer, and by autumn
was'on the pearl fishing grounds. Here
they met their first adventures, and it
rapidly became apparent that they
would have to flehi as well as fish.
One morning -»hil> all were at work
off the shore of what they thought an
uninhabited island, a fleet of Papuan
war canoes made an assault on them.
But Captain Jensen was prepared, and
instantly sent a charge of grape shot
into them from a small cannon he had
mounted forward. This created havoc
in the canoes, and those savages not
killed rapidly paddled away. Another
load of shot prevented an attack for
some time and the fishers worked away
successfully. But they were always in
constant fear of an attack, and if it
had not been for the cannon the pearl
fishers would have been com relied to
fly for their lives, for the bloodth'rsty
savagt-s could be counted by the thou
sand.
The pearl-fishing expedition was a
most successful one and the small
schooner was rapidly being filled with
a fortune. White and pink pearls of
large size were found by the dc-zens.
But one morning Rougement found a
shell with three pearls in it— and they
were black. A fortune in themselves.
They were of enormous size and any
one of them would have rendered the
whole party independent for life.
"Now let's go home and enjoy the
results erf our good luck," said Rouge
mont.
"Let's stay and find more," said Cap
tain Jensen.
Then he got the pearl fever very
badly. He went almost crazy at sight
of the three black pearls, each worth
a fortune. He rashly determined to de
lay the departure of the schooner in
order to hunt for more.
"The monsoon will so-on blow and our
lives will be in danger," said Rouge
mont.
But protests had no effect on the
avarice of the captain. He delayed the
expedition and disaster came.
First a school of sharks surrounded
the fishing party and the diver? had to
•go out with knives and kill the mon-
On one or two occasions the
diver was not successful and there was
one man less to work.
The greatest enemy the divers had
to fear In these waters was the dreaded
octopus, whose presence occasioned far
greater panic than the appearance of a
mere shark.
These loathsome monsters would
sometimes come and throw their horri
ble tentacles over the side of the frail
craft from which the divers were work
ing, and actually fasten on to the men
themselves, dragging them out into the
water. At ather times octopuses at
tack the divers down below, and hold
them relentlessly under water until life
was extinct. One of our own men had a
terribly narrow escape from one of
these fearful creatures. Each evening,
when the divers returned from pearl
fishing, they roped all their little skiffs
together and let them lie astern of the
schooner. One night the wind rose
and rain fell heavily, with the result
that next morning all the little boats
were found more or less waterlogged.
While baling them out the man saw a
mysterious looking black object in the
sea, which so attracted his curiosity
that he dived overboard to find out
what it was. He had barely reached
the water, however when an immense
octopus rose into view, and at once
made for him. He instantly saw his
danger, and with great presence of
mind promptly turned and scrambled
back Into the boat.
The terrible creature was after him,
however, and to the horror of the on
lookers It extended Its great flexible
'tantacles, enveloped the entire boat,
man and all, and then dracged the
whole down under the crystal sea. The
diver's horrified comrades rushed to
his assistance and an attempt waa
made to kill the octopus with a har
poon, but without success. Several of
his more resourceful companions then
dived Into the water with a bier net
made of rope, which they took right
underneath the octopus, entangling the
creature and Its still living prey. The
next step was to drag up both men and
octopun Into the whale boat, where he
waa at length uelzed by his legs and
dragged by sheer force out of the
frightful embrace, more dead than
alive. However, he was Boon revived
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
by a very hot bath, the water being at
such a temperature a 6 actually to blis
ter his skin. It is most remarkable
that the man was not altogether
drowned, as he had been held under
water by the tentacles of the octopus
for rather more than two minutes. But,
like all the others of the party, he car
ried a knife, which he used to very
good purpose on the monster's body
when first it dragged him under the
water. These repeated stabs caused
the creature to keep rolling about on
the surface. He was in this way en
abled to get an occasional breath of
air, otherwise he must infallibly have
been drowned.
And now came the fatal day that
made Rougemont an outcast from civ
ilization for so many weary years.
Early one morning Jensen went off as
usual with the whole of his crew of
Malay divers, leaving Rougemont and
a dog In charge of the schooner.
He watched the fleet of little boats
IN THE CLUTCIi OF THE MONSTER DEVIL f\SY[.
following In the wake of the captain's
whalebaat until they were some three
miles distant from the schooner, when
they stopped for preparations to be
made for the work of diving.
A cool, refreshing breeze had been
blowing up at this time, but the wind
now developed a sudden violence, and
the sea was lashed into huge waves
f hat quickly swamped nearly every one
of the little canoes. Fortunately they
could not sink, and as Rougemont
watched he saw that the Mulays who
were thus thrown Into the water clung
to the sides of the little boats and made
the best of their way to the big craft
in charge of Captain Jensen.
But the boats receded farther and
farther from view, until Rougemont
lost sight of them altogether. They
had started out soon after sunrise. It
then occurred to him that he ought to
out ;tv- fhi\< into some sort of condition
to weather the storm, which was In
creasing lnttettd of abating. This was
■■> not the flr«t storm he had experienced
on board the Veielland, so ho knew
pretty well what to do.
By midday it was blowing so hard
that Rougemont positively could not
stand upright, but had to crawl about
on his hands and knees. He attached
to himself a long rope and fastened the
other end to one of the masts, so that
in the event of being washed into the
raging sea he could pull himself on
board again.
The storm developed into a hurricane,
then into a typhoon. One gust carried
away the sails.
The wind was screaming and moan
ing around the bare poles of the sturdy
little vessel, which rose on veritab'.**
mountains of water and crashed as sud
denly into seething abysses.
But the schooner weathered the storm
and Rougemont was none the worse
off for it, except that he was alone and
knew very little about handling the
vessel. He had enough to eat and drink
and gave the schooner her freedom.
For fifteen days he was battered about
and then land came in sight.
It turned out to be only a coral reef,
on which the schooner dashed. Heresbe
was battered so as to become uninhab
itable in a day or so, ana Rougemont
had to swim ashore. This land
turned out to be only a tiny spit of
sand measuring about 100 yards in
length, ten yards in width and eight
feet above high water mark. In this
ghastly and appalling prison he spent
two and a half years, with only the dog
for company.
While telling some friends In Lon
don of his awful experiences on the is
land, Rougemont said:
"At length I found myself on my legs
upon the beach, though hardly able to
move from exhaustion of mind and
body. When at length I had recov
ered sufficiently to walk about I made
a hasty survey of the little Island or
sandbank upon which I found myself.
Thank God, I did not realize at that
moment that I should have to spend
a soul-killing two and a half years on
It. It was an appalling, dreary look-
Ing spot, without one single tree or
bu6h growing upon It to relieve the ter
rible monotony. I tell you words can
never describe the horror of the agon
izing months as they crawled by.
» ♦ *
" 'My island' was nothing but a little
sand spit, with here and there a few
tufts of grass struggling through its
parched surface.
"Think of it, ye who have envied the
fate of a castaway on a gorgeous and
fertile tropical island miles in extent!
It was barely 100 yards in length, ten
yards wide, and only eight feet above
the sea level at high water! There
was no sign of animal life upon it,
but birds were plentiful enough, par
ticularly pelicans. My tour of the is
land occupied perhaps ten minutes, and
you may perhaps form some concep
tion of my utter dismay on failing to
come across any trace of fresh water."
Shortly after the storm abated, and
Rougemont was able to go to the wreck
and take from it blankets, food and
whatever else he was able to lay his
hands on. These he loaded on a raft
which he had hurriedly constructed^
and returned to the shore.
"When I regained the island," De
Rougemont says, "I made another sur
vey of it to find the most suitable spot,
for pitching my camp, and in the
course of my wanderings I made a dis
covery that filled me with horror and
the anguish of blackest despair. My
curiosity was first attracted by a hu
man skull that lay near a large circu
lar hole In the sand about two feet
deep. Upon closer examination I came
to the conclusion that the hole mudt
have been dug by civilized beings with
spades, and I commenced scratching up
the sand with my fingers on one side.
I had only gone a few inches down
when I came upon a quantity of hu
man remains.
"The sight struck terror to my heart
and filled me with the most dismal
forebodings. 'My own bones,' I thought,
'will soon be added to the pile,' So
Surpass Jyrii/thing Ghat
Over Siefell uiohinson
Cruaoe or j{ny of the
3*gmouz y Jreroes of
J*iction.
great was my agony of mind that I
had to leave the spot and interest my
self in other things; but some time
afterward, when I had got over my
nervousness, I renewed my digging op
erations, and In an hour or so had un
earthed no fewer than sixteen complete
skeletons — fourteen adults and two
younger people, possibly women.
"That morning I made my breakfast
off raw sea gulls' eggs, but was unable
to get anything to drink. Between 9
and 10 o'clock, as the tide was then
low, I made my may back to the
schooner without much difficulty and
collected as many things as I possibly
could to transfer ashore. I had to
take dangerous headers inio the cabin,
as the whole ship's interior was full of
water, but all I could manage to se
cure were a tomahawk and my bow
and arrows.
De Rougemont told of building. In a
lagoon, a boat 12 feet long by 4 wide,
only to rind when it was completed that
it was too heavy for him to drag over
the rocks into the open water, and that
the tide did not lift it high enough.
"But for my dog— my almost human
Bruno— l think I must have died. I
used to talk to him Just as though he
were a human being. We were abso
lutely inseparable. I preached long
sermons to him from gospel texts. I
told him in a loud voice all about my
early life and school days at Mon
treaux; I recounted to him my adven
tures from the fatal meeting with poor
Peter Jensen in Singapore; I sang lit
tle chansons to him, and among these
he had his favorites, as well as those
he disliked cordially. If he did not
care for a song he would set up a piti
ful howl. I feel convinced that this
constant communing aloud with my
dog saved my reason. Bruno seemed
to be in such good spirits that I never
dreamed of anything happening to him,
and his quiet, sympathetic companion
ship was one of the greatest blessings
I knew throughout many weird and
terrible years. As I talked to him he
would sit at my feet, looking so intelli
gently at me that I fancied he under
stood every word of what I was say
ing. When the religious mania was
upon me I talked over all sorts of the
ological subjects with my Bruno, and
it seemed to relieve me, even although
I never received any enl.lghtenment
from him upon the knotty point that
was puzzling me at that particular
time. What delighted him most of all
was for me to tell him that I loved him
very dearly and that he was even more
valuable to me than the ramous dogs
of St. Bernard were to benighted trav
elers in the snow.
"Seven weary months had passed
away, when one morning on scanning
the horizon I leaped into the air and
screamed: 'My God! A sail! A sail!'
I nearly became delirious with excite
ment, but, alas! the ship was too far
out at seat to notice my frantic sig
nals. My island lay very low, and all
that I could make out of the vessel in
th 3 distance was her sails. She must
have been fully five miles away, yet in
my excitement I ran up and down the
beach, shouting in a frenzy and wav
ing my arms in the hope of attracting
the attention of some one on board,
but it was all in vain. The ship,
which I concluded was a pearler, kept
steadily on her way, and eventually
disappeared below the horizon. Never
can I hope to describe the gnawing
pain at my heart as. hoarse and half
mad, I sank exhausted on the sand,
watching the last vestige of the ship
disappearing. Altogether I saw five
ships pass in this way during my so
journ on the island, but they were al
ways too far out at sea to notice my
signals. One of these I knew to be a
man-o'-war flying the British ensign.
"I never feared a lack of fresh water,
for when in the dry season the ship's
stock and my reserve from the wet sea
son were exhausted, I busied myself
with the condensing of sea water in
my kettle, adding to my store literally
drop by drop. • :
"Two Interminable years had passed
away, when one day the weather sud-
denly changed and a terrible gale com
menced to blow, which threatened av
most to wreck my little hut. One
morning a few days later, when the
storm had abated somewhat, I heard
Bruno barking wildly on the beach. A.. :
few seconds afterward he came rush
ing into the hut, and would not rest
until I prepared to follow him outside.
Before doing so, however, I picked up
an oar — I knew not why. I then fol
lowed my dog down to the beach, won
dering what could possibly have caused
him to make such a fuss. The sea
was somewhat agitated, and as it was
not yet very light, I could not clearly
distinguish things in the distance.
"On peering seaward for the third or
fourth time, however, I fancied I could
make out a long, black object, which I
concluded must be some kind of a
boat, tossing up and down on the bil
lows. Then I must confess I began to
share Bruno's excitement, particular
ly when a few minutes later I dis
cerned a well-made catamaran with. '
several human figures lying prostrate
upon it."
With Rougemont and Bruno's as
sistance the men were landed. There
were five of them, all negroes, who
could not speak a word of Rougemont's
language.
They were almost starved. He
gave them food and they were
ready to worship him. They readily
fell under the leadership of the white
man. With their assistance Louis de
Rougemont was enabled to haul his
boat over the intervening coral reef.
In this boat they made their escape
from the little island, leaving the price
less treasure of pearls there, and they
safely made their,way to the Austiaiian
coast.
From this time commenced a series
of adventures more weird, more hor
rible, more appalling and more as
tounding than any ever conceived in
the wildest flights of the novelist's
imagination. For nearly thirty years
M. de Rougemont was a cannibal chief,
ruling his people with the wisdom of
the serpent and maintaining his au
thority over them in ways that are an
astounding revelation of human inge
nuity.
Rougemont had only the slightest
idea of what part of the world he was
in. He did not know whether he was
really in Australia or on an island. It
has since been shown that he was on
the northwest coast of Australia and
the people with whom he had been
thro-wn in contact the wildest and most
warlike of all the Polynesian races.
The savages had never seen a white
man. and thought he was a god. They
made him their chief. He had to per
form marriage ceremonies. He had to
affiliate at cannibal feasts and do many
other things to refuse which would
have meant death to him.
By shrewdness he made several at
tempts to escape without gaining the
enmity of the savages. He told them
he would come back.
His first attempt was overland, but
he nearly perished of thirst in the pw
ful sands of the Australian desert and
had to return. This raised him still
higher in the estimation of the people^
and he could do as he pleased.
He tried to escape by sea, but spent
18 months in a frail canoe and suffered
the tortures of the inferno orly to re
turn to his starting place. History does
not record such another trip made in
a small open boat. It covered over 1500
miles.
The devices to which Rougemont re
sorted to rule his people seem beyond
belief. But he succeeded, all the while
making futile attempts to escape. On
one of his journeys into the interior he
discovered two English girls living con
tentedly as the wives of a cannibal
chief. He also met the lost explorer
Gibson, but could give him no advice,
as to how he should go to get out of the
horrible country- Many other adven
tures did Rougemont have, all remark
able, weird and thrilling, covering the
appalling period of twenty-eight years
in the interior of Australia, and all be
cause he found three fatal black pearls.
1920
WILHELMINA, THE NEW QUEEN OF HAPPY HOLLAND
Special to The Sunday Call from Amsterdam.
BY GENEVIEVE GREEN.
IN view of the approaching corona
tion of Queen Wilhelmina thrifty
little Holland Is at present more
thrifty than ever; in fact it fairly
buzzes with energy and activity.
The weavers of silk and the weavers
of wool, the lace makers and the vari
ous modistes are working early and
late, not sad-eyed and sallow cheeked,
but radiant and rosy, weaving songs
and laughs with their many colored
threads. For among the people of Hol
land work is an intoxication — it is not
:i« with us a means to an end. The
Dutchman does not work to-day that he
may rest to-night, but he rests to
night that he may work to-morrow.
With the patriotic sentiment and the
personal love of little Wilhelmlna add
ed to the every-day thrift it is no
wonder that the wheels are flying with
a dazzling rapidity and that all the
country presents a spectacle of house
cleaning. There is no woman in Hol
land too poor to have a new gown for
this occasion and not only a gown but
I am very sure that all the knitted lace
with which these busy fingers have
been occupied on winter nights beside
the fire and on summer afternoons be
neath the trees will be utilized most
effectively; for the people of Holland
are thorough in their homage as well
as in everything else— an external pre- ;
paration would not suffice for their
thrifty souls.
The houses both in town and country
are all newly painted for the occasion,
and not only the outficles but the in
sides are in the hands of renovators. I
do not doubt that the kettles and the
pans in the Holland cuisines will have
an extra luster, if that be possible, in
honor of Wilhelmina.
I might well insert "if that be possi
ble," for If the milk cans that one sees
In the streets be any indication the
brilliancy of these various utensils is
normally all that one could imagine.
Oh, these Holland milk cans, what
things of beauty they are. What joys
forever! They are absolutely inspiring,
thfse golden dreams, gleaming and
■ scintillating in the sunlight: I stop
whenever I s»e a milk cart drawn by
its soft-footed dogs and wait to see the
real milk poured into the vespel of the
waiting houHewife. Here the milk is
suggeative of cows, not of dairies. One
thinks of Ruvsdael landscapes and
lowing herds and mellow sunsets — of
new mown hay and peaceful summer
days. And then by contrast comes the
remembrance of milk wagons in Ameri
ca, of those awful, clattering cans that
are wont in the hours of early da\vn
to disturb our peaceful slumbers.
Attending the coronation event Wil
helmina and the Queen mother, Emma,
are rusticating in Switzerland, and In
the meantime the palaces at The Hague
and at Amsterdam are given up to
Bcrubbing-brush brigades. The marble
walls are fast becoming white as driven
snow; no yellowness of time is re
spected by these ardent' appliers of
soap and water and.no spot is too re
mote to escape their eager search.
Neither the beard of Jupiter, the
draperies of Venus nor the curly hair
of Apollo in the sculptured friezes of
Artus Quellin affords any protection
to wandering grains of dust. One feela
that Diana has at last profited from
her perpetual act of bathing and Mi
nerva could not have been more spot
less on the day that she emerged brand
FATE OF AN EARLY BIRD THAT FAITHFULLY FOLLOWED AN OLD PROVERB.
:HICK (READING)— THE EARLY BIRD GETS THE WORM, EH?
I'LL SEE^ABOUT THAT AND GO A-HUNTING."
... . . , , n. . . fth N f SKe Will Be GroWrved With Qreat Geremor\\j.
new from the head of father Jupiter.
That the Hollanders detest dirt is pro
verbial, but I am now convinced that it
is not true — they adore it. Without it
there would be no excuse to scrub and
is here a national delight. I
wonder that a scrubbing brush has not
ere this been woven into the heraldry
of Holland.
The palaces are supposed to be closed
to visitors during these preparations,
but the Dutch attendants, being very
good natured and exceedingly accom
modating, it is not hard to overcome
whatever scruples they may have
about breaking their rule. Yes; they
like their tips as well as the attend
ants in other parts of Europe, but they
give you much more in return. They
are very gracious and very generous
with their information. Whether it
be accurate or not does not count. It
is equally interesting and answers the
purpose just as well to the average
tourist. . ,
Already these brass-buttoned indi
viduals of the palaces are basking in
the glory of the coronation. Were a
crown going to be planted on each of
their several heads they could not
manifest any greater interest in the
affair nor show any greater degree of
importance; however, their importance
is always amiable, not aggressive.
"Yes, I know Queen Wilhelmina very
well, indeed," said the stately attend
ant at Amsterdam, emphasizing the
"indeed," which 1 suspected was a new
word in his English vocabulary. "I have
known her since she was a little girl.
She always says 'good day' when she
sees me in the palace. She is very
amiable and very intelligent. I re
member as if it were yesterday when
she was learning the multiplication ta
ble.
"Is she pretty?" he exclaimed, in an
swer to the very feminine question of
my companion. "She is beautiful.
She has lovely eyes and hair and is
as graceful as"—. Here he stumbled
for a simile, but it did not matter. I
had learned that she was beautiful and
amiable, intelligent, graceful and know
the multiplication table. Happy Wil
helmina and happy Holland:
Whom will Wilhelmina wed is a very
important question in Holland and one
thut agitates particularly the bosoms
of guides and hated employes. It
seems that already certain Princes of
Europe have come "a courting," but
Wilhelmina is first a woman, then a
Queen, and is reputedly very heartless
where royal sighs and palpitations ara
concerned.
That Wilhelmina is beautiful, I do
not believe. Her pictures do not Just
ify the guide's enthusiasm. That she
is aminble, I do believe, for amiability
seems to be a Dutch characteristic.
The spirit of accommodation that one
finds in Holland is simply incredible to
one who has never witnessed it. It
is not easy to imagine a street car con
ductor, who will walk half a block with
me on the busiest thoroughfare, to
point out how and where to transfer,
but this extraordinary being is not un
common in Amsterdam.
On the afternoon that I visited Zann
dam, I discovered another personage
whr will deserve an epitaph mor-t
unique. Zaandam is a very Dutch vil
lage, not far from Amsterdam. It i-9
the famous little city of windmill 1 ?,
there being more than four hundred
before the eyes at once. Her? one
sees the real Dutch life, the low jrre^n
and red houses, the peasants in the na
tional costumes and strikingly conspic
uous the clumsy wooden shoes.
When our train arrived on this par
ticular afternoon there was not a car
riage to be found. I am afraid thai the
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
Dutch esprit has not much apprecia
tion of the value of a carriage to one
who has feet to walk with. However,
before us stretched the miles of Hol
land country that we had come to see
and without a carriage there was ab
solutely nothing to do. I tried in. suc
cession English and French on the busy
peasants, but received only a pleasant
smile in return and no information. At
last on the window of a thriving little
store we discovered this soothing mes
sage, "English spoken." Ordinarily the
stock of English behind such inscrip
tions consists of not more than "Yes,
mam" and "Thank you," and I had
well-founded doubts of this institution,
but anyhow the very suggestion was
consoling and I entered. There was but
one man in attendance, who was very
much occupied In showing lace curtains
to several buxom peasants, who no
doubt were redecorating their best front
rooms In honor of Wilhelmina. There
were other customers waiting. I put
the question to him about the carriage
in very measured English, hoping not
to bewilder him in the start, and re
ceived an answer equally measured and
"under the circumstances quite surpris
ing.
"The stable is very far from here,"
he said, "but I will go with you and
show you."
Without further ado he found his hat,
bowed politely to his customers and
walked fully half a mile with us in
search of that precious carriage. What
ever became (f the lace-curtain sale I
suppose I shall never know, but one
thing is certain, should the wheel of
fortune ever turn my way I shall go
back to Zaandam and buy a Dutch lace
curtain for each of my friends and each
of my enemies.
One thing that I have particularly
remarked in Holland is the frequency
of the Rembrandt type. Surely this
genius painted the composite Hollander,'
masculine and feminine. In the young
faces I see the shadow of the wrinkled
visages that he loved so well and the
old people of Holland are walking Rem
brandts. Altogether this littl* king
dom is of untold interest. Those who
find the square houses and the eternal
and mathematical order inartistic and
tiresome have only to turn to the hund
reds of windmills outlined against the
deep Holland sky, to the willows on thf
dykes, to the long grasses and in the
town to the canal boats which make of
it a thrifty Venice, for all the beauty
of landscape that one can digest. After
visiting other countries of Europe one
is impressed with the lack of old
cathedrals in Holland. Here are no
spires, no chimes, no gargoyles — almost
nothing to tell of the faith of Dutch
forefathers.
"O, thou Martha, busy about many
things," one can well say to Holland,
and yet when the thought suggests
itself of certain towns in Belgium for
example, which have spires galore and
withal 11,000 paupers in a population
■'BY JOVE ! THERE MUST BE-SOMETHING IN THAT PROVERB
AFTER ALL. THIS LOOKS LIKE A WORM."
of 50,000, one looks back at prosperous
little Holland and wonders.
BIRTH OND EDUCATION
OF THE PRINCESS.
THE happiest girl in all the world
is Princess Wilhelmlna, for on
next Tuesday she is to be crowned
Queen of the Netherlands. She is
just 18 years old and will be ruler
over millions of people.
And the people of Holland are happy
because during the last eight years
they have been ruled over by c-ne who
was not of their own beloved house of
Orange, Queen Emma. But the Queen
has been a good mother and a good
woman and the people love her dearly.
About 6 o'clock on the 31st of August,
1880, the report of a cannon in the bar
racks at The Hague announced the
birth of an heiress to the throne of the
Netherlands. In an instant the tele
graph wires netting the kingdom were
tingling with the same glad intelli
gence, and the brazen mouths of other
cannon from one frontier to another
were spreading the joyful tidings. Tele
grams were promptly sent to all
crownfd heads and to immediate rela
tives of the royal family.
Congratulations were at once for
warded by both chambers Of the States
General. The Hague arrayed itself in
holiday attire; before the City Hall
there was a grand illumination; city
councils convened and sent their good
wishes; the people were rejoicing in
the thought that the danger of an
elector being called to rule over them
was now more remote than ever, and
in the city register was entered the
birth c-f Wilhelmina Helena Paulina
Maria, the same young woman who
will be crowned the day after to-mor
row.
The coming of the little Princess was
a matter of unusual importance. Break
after break had been made by death
in the House of Orange, and when the
King, William 111, on January 7, 1879,
took as his second wife Princess Emma
of Waldeck-Pyrmc-nt, his only son,
Prince Alexander, was evidently marked
by the finger of death. The birth of a
daughter, therefore, strongly buoyed
up the hopes that had suffered such
shocks by the inroads death had made
into the royal household. The little
Princess was a pretty baby, and on the
day of her baptism, when she was six
weeks old, had all the ladies In the
country in love with her.
To the King the little Princess was
his heart's best affection, and he re
gretted every hour spent away from
her. She was constantly with him when
'THAT'S WHAT IT IS, SURE ENOUGH. OH, I'M AN EARLY
CHICK, I AM. WATCH ME TACKLE LITTLE WORMY."
she became large enough to run about.
Her health was a source .of great con
cern in the home and throughout the
land, for during her earl? life she was
by no- means strong, and this anxiety
increased as the illness of the King
grew apace and "Wilhelmina remained
the only child.
After the death of King William 111,
about eight years ago, the young Prin
cess was started on a course of study
to prepare her for the responsibilities
of her future position. This task was
left to her mother, the Queen Regent,
and has been fulfilled to the most ex
acting requirement. The good woman
has ruled wlcely and well and can pass
over the scepter of the monarchy to
her daughter vith a clear conscience.
No daughter ever had more just or
more careful training than Princess
Wilhelmina.
Her mother taught her obedience
and kindness. The little girl's life was
as regular as clock wor_k and her hours
for study were selected with great
judgment.
Before she was ten years old she was
an example for all the children of Hol
land. "You must do as the Princess
does," said the mothers to their daugh
ters.
Like all children Princes} Wilhel
mina has had her favorite playthings.
On her first visit to Switzerland she
was eeen carrying a small hand-bag,
and when she declined to entrust this
precious burden to any one else some
thought it must contain her birthright
to the throne of the Netherlands, or
its regal crown. But it contained
neither; in it was her pet doll, whom
she was taking with her to enjoy the
summer vacation.
From infancy Wilhelmina had an
English governess, and French was
spoken in her presence by a special
companion, so that as she grew up she
absorbed two languages in addition to
her own. But ':ho language of her sub
jects has always been kept in the fore
ground, so that not even the most cap
tious critics can say that any attempt
has been made to wean her from the
Hollanders' love for their own tongue.
But it was not only the languages
which she studied— there was litera
ture, science, music, and all the sub
jects that demand the attention of a
person seeking the highest culture.
She rose at 7 o'clock, had breakfast at
8, and work b^gan at 9. Her general
education had been intrusted to Dr.
Salverda de Grave, while the Court
Chaplain gave her religious instruc
tion, and special masters were called
in for lessons along their chosen lines
of work.
Princess Wilhelmina has been a
great traveler as well as student. She
has been to nearly all the big cities of
Europe and has been presented to
most of the crowned heads. All through
her life she has been a great lover of
sports and nothi g gave her greater
pleasure than to hand the prize to the
winner of any athletic event.
Charity and patriotism are two of
her principal characteristics, and her
people love her for them.
Is this little girl able to rule Hol
land?
The people think she is and will
never be so happy as the day the
crown is placed upon her head and
they can call her "Queen Wilhelmina."
Truly will Amsterdam be gay during
the coronation ceremonies next Tues
day. These are to last as long as the
spirit keeps up. And in Holland that
is usually a good long time.
There are to be balls, parties, re
views, exhibitions, fireworks and any
number of Interesting functions. Add
to this the fact that they take place
during the best season of the year.
The principal exhibition is to be a
collection of Dutch national costumes.
These will cover a period from the ear
liest times down to the present day.
At The Hague there will be a special
exhibition of woman's work.
Some may say that no one but a
woman would have thought of the
former, while it is perfectly natural
that the Queen bee should take coc
nizance of the other busy bees of her
realm. There will also be a procession
of ships, organized by Dutch sailors,
each by its rig and the uniform of
its crew representing a different
country. A historic exhibition illus
trating the works of Rembrandt will
complete the serious part of the fes
tivities, but there will be lighter forms
of amusement, such as fireworks, par
ades, processions and gala perform
ances without end.
Who will be invited to this solemn
function? Every crowned head with
whom the Netherlands enjoys diplo
matic relations, and perhaps the repub
lics, too, and the immediate relatives of
the Queen.
Who will attend? None of the crown
ed heads, but each will be represented
by some one whose rank is less than
that of the Queen. For it is first and
foremost her coronation, and no one
should be present whose worldly glory
could eclipse hers. No Queen or King
can be present. The exercises will take
place in the New Church at Amsterdam
and that feature which will make her
Queen of the Netherlands will be the
placing of her hands upon the Bible
and saying:
"I swear to the people of the Ne
therlands to observe and maintain
the fundamental laws of the con
stitution. I swear to defend and
to preserve to the best of my abil
ity the independence and the integ-
HIS SNAKESHIP— RIGHT YOU ARE, LITTLE CHICK-A-DEE;
BUT LET'S REVERSE THAT PROVERa
rity of the kingdom, to safeguard
public and individual liberties, as
well as the rights of all my cub
iects, and to apply to the task of
fostering the prosperity of the na
tion all the means which the law
places at my disposal, as it is the
duty of a good Queen to do. And
may God help me in this."
Then, taking the crown passed to her
by the Minister of State, she will put it
upon her head, and resting there it will
register her vows, and all believe that
each word will be sealed by deeds. Ne
one who knows the character of this
sweet girj, writ in her own words and
acts, believes anything else but that far
the first Queen of the Netherlands hap
piness is certain and success is sure.
"CRIMINAL TYPE" NONSENSE.
A few yesrrs ago most of us had con
siderable faith in Lombroao's "criminal
type." We looked at ear lobes and
finger nails, and thought we detected
in them the "stigmata of degenera
tion."
"This illusion was lost when it was
found that in fact the criminal was
about as well formed as the Jury or the
judge. The "criminal type" fell Into
oblivion.
But the "criminal mind" remained.
The psychology of evildoers must have
something in it radically different from
that of "respectable people." We forgot
the force of the Rev. John Newton's
saying, when he saw a thief led to the
gallows: "There goes John Newton but
for the grace of God."
Now, however, such authorities as
Nacke and Baer and DallemaKne have
pronounced the v.-hole edifice of "crimi
nal psychology" a phantom and a de
lusion. Criminals are Just like other
people of their sex, age and condition
in life. They are tempted, fall and are
caught (especially the last), and that
Is the only difference— Dr. Brinton in
Science.
Fighting tops in men-of-war have been
used as far back as the sixteenth century
and the deadly flre which can be poured
from them is illustrated in the death of
the great Nelson. Drawings of the Egyp
tian and Asiatic warships of 2000 B. C.
show us vessels fitted with military fight
ing tops. The Mora, William the Con
queror's ship, is shown in the well-known
Bayeux tapestry as having a construc
tion at the masthead which looks very
much like a fighting top. The French led
the way in regard to the present-day for
tified fighting top, and many of their bat
tleships are fitted with the most remark
able creations of this kind."MOSQUITO BITES MEAN MALARIAL FEVER." SAYS SCIENCE NOW.
REMARKABLh
DISCOVERS
OF
DR. MANSON
JUST /
GIVEN TO /
WORLD
STAGES OF DEVELOPMENT OF THE MOSQUITO FROM THE EGG TO THE
FULL-FLEDGED PEST.
"I believe that medical college or the practice of medicine
unsexes a woman. By that statement I mean the average
woman. There are those, the exceptions, who physically and
mentally differ so from the rest of their sex that they can suc
cessfully pursue the study and practice of medicine. But
these exceptional women are likewise the exception in medical
college. The majority of the women who enter medical college
are in nowise different from their sisters who cannot handle
the knife. The process they go through I believe unsexes
them. I have reached this conclusion after many years of
teaching both sexes — in fact, I am the oldest medicai instruct
or in America. But since women do elect to study medicine
and sii.ee the privilege has been granted them I do all in my
power to help them both in college and out regard^ss of my
convictions. lam the friend of womankind, even if she in
sists on going to medical college — but I believe that it un
sexes her." — Dr. It. Peverly Cole, Professor at Toland Medical
College, in a recent interview.
DO you believe a woman should
Study medicine?
Friends, relative.. and ac
quaintances put the question to
mo at all Inconceivable and in
convenient times and places. Perhaps
It is not done with pure malice afore
th< U, but to '. ! de over deadly lulls
In the conversation. To mv certain
knowledge 1 have never been allowed
to answer the question. Some one al
ways rushes In with a convincing af
flrmatlve. Then 'he willing: or unwlll
ln~ listener is inundated with a torrent
of anecdotes showing that since in
fancy 1 displayed a remarkable tend
ency toward medicine.
I kneW what it meant tn b. a doctor
before I entered medical college. I knew
that the work claimed all your hours
for its own. Bu; I did not know -hat
the first week at medical college means.
Iso matter how you have discussed dis-
Bectinfe; theoretically it Is a severe
si ii k when you come face to face with
the actuality. No matter how lons you
have been cultivating: and exercising:
will power, no matter how zealously
you have been nursing the delusion
that you have "no nerves." you feel
your courage oozing from you in the
flirt visit to the dissecting room.
"When once I began to dissect I for
got all else and soon began to look for
ward with pleasure to the work.
I do believe a woman should go to
medical colleges, but with an amend
ment, providing she Is fitted for the
•work. I do not believe a medical col
lege nor the practice of medicine un
pexee a woman.
"I .believe that medical college Is the
place for th<* women who are fitted to
become doctors. To say that it un
sexes them has a strong medieval fia
vot that echoes oddly with the rush of
modern times. G. 8., M. D.
FRIENDLY LIFTS
IN
THE OPERATING-ROOM.
Perhaps the hot, moist air of the
operating room made him a little nerv
ous; certainly his hand trembled as he
touched the instruments in the pan of
sterilized water. They were all right,
everything he could possibly need was
there, even to the latest shaped bis
toury; there seemed no reason why his
first venture in major surgery should
not be a great success.
The patient on the table was taking
the ether well, for the interne giving
the anesthetic was a capable woman
who knew her business. The other in
terne, who stood by him ready to hand
the sponges, had been disinfecting her
hands for the last thirty minutes, and
she had moreover kept an eye on the
r.urses to see that they, too, should be
germless.
The visiting surgeons stood at a safe
distance; to be sure, one of them, an
old man, after a mere dab of his hands
in a basin of bichloride, , had ap
proached the table, but the glint in the
young surgeon's eye had made him re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
tr^at. saying laughingly, with a good
humored ignoring of his own successful
300 cases of a similar sort, "All right,
Gummison, all right, I won't put any
of my bugs In your pie." •
"She's under,-" the anesthetlzer said
at last, raising the patient's arm and
letting it fall limply on the table, then
lifting the flaccid eyelid and touching
the apparently insensate eyeball.
The surgeon took up his knife. "Stop
rubbing the cornea," he said irritably.
The interne's mouth twitched. She
bent over her task with an air of elab
orate attention, but managed to incline
her head toward the sponger with a
movement which said, "Scared stiff,
isn't he?"
As the knife made its first wavering
stroke the sponger did a rude thing
which a woman doctor should have
blushed at doing. She changed her
position, standing so that it was im
possible for the guests to see the oper
ation. The surgeon did not correct her,
in fact he let her raise her arms so
that the stiffly starched linen sleeves of
her big apron made the cutting entirely
his own affair. In a moment, however,
she realized her rudeness and stood
bark with an apologetic lifting of her
I eyebrows, far enough back for the old
doctors to see the firm, clean strokes.
"Do it up in twenty minutes, Gummi
son," the big surgeon said. "With my
first laparotomy I was ready to sew up
| in twenty minutes."
Things went well; the surgeon's nat
ural courtesy returned to him, and
toward the end of the twenty minutes
he even thanks the sponger for tying
a ligature neatly, and nodded cordially
at the anesthetizer, as he said:
"You've kept her under well, let up a
bit now, for there are only the stitches
to put in."
A nurse handed him the threaded
needles on a carbolized towel. The
sponger, who had an instant free,
leaned forward to wipe the perspira
tion from his forehead with another
disinfected towel. As she did it she
noted a green line quivering around
the surgeon's mouth. She dropped her
hands to his hands — saw that one of
them was shaking, that the fingers
j were not able to close on the needle
holder.
"Dr. Gummison," she said impulsive
ly, in her girlish, appealing tones, "I
know I shouldn't ask it, but — won't you
let me sew up? I have dreamed for so
long of putting in the stitches myself—
indeed I'll do it right, doctor."
She took up the needle at once, while
the old doctor laughed.
"Times have changed," the big sur
geon said; "we didn't have such chances
BAN* I. 1 - he mosquito and you
will banish malaria!
That is, you will banish ma
laria as far as its infection of
human beings is concerned, for
the mosquito is low declared by some
authorities to be the villain who is re
sponsible for all our trouble.
Physicians all over the country are
discussing this Important subject at
present on account of the amount jf
fevers contracted by our troops. Some
physicians go so far as to say that ma
laria cannot be contracted except
through the bite of the mosquito.
No mosquitoes, no malaria.
Whether this can be borne out by
facts or not Is still a question. The
point has not yet been thoroughly in
vestigated, but indications seem to
point to there being considerable truth
In it.
The attention of the medical world
was called to this important subject by
a paper read by Dr. Patrick Manson
before the sixty-sixth annual meeting
of the British Medical Society held in
Edinburgh, Scotland, during the latter
part of last July. The printed reports
of this meeting have just reached this
country.
Dr. Manr n has been working on the
subject for years. In 1894 he had per
fected his theory in regard to the trans
mission of malarial poisons by mos
quitoes. Ho had a general idea of its
workings, but other business prevented
his continuance of th^ experiments, so
h^ turned all his matter over to Dr.
Konald Ross of the British army in In
dia.
Dr. Ross gave all his attention to it
for three years, and a few wreks ago
turned over his reports, which were
read before the British Medical So-
ciety.
Many eminent physicians have de
clared that Ross' discovery places
science on the threshold of one of the
most important discoveries in the etiol
ogy of this or any other age.
Malaria in one form or another is the
most common of all the ailments of
man. The diseases caused by the ml
crc-be range from the mild fevers of
low countries to the deadly fevers of
swamps. Every country of the world,
except those in the far north, is sub
ject to some form of It. And malarial
countries are ail mosquito countries.
Dr. Ross' work does not tear down
•11 the old theories in regard to ma
laria nor suggest any better cure than
quinine, but it does point to a way of
preventing malaria. By experiments
with birds he has completed the cycle
of the transmission of the disease and
shown conclusively that tnhalatlon of
the "deadly marsh gasee" is not the
only way the disease is spread. In fact
he doubts that it is spread at all in this
way, but he is sure that it is spread
by mosquito bites.
A careful study of the paper read be
foce the British Medical Society makes
several facts most apparent. The prin
cipal of these is that man and the mos
quito are subject to malaria; the hae
matozoon, or malarial germs, will live
in the blood of either.
They exist in the blood of the insect
and ore communicated to man by the
bite.
The mosquito's bill is provided with
six fine blades, which make an incision
in the skin; a delicate apparatus sucks
the Insect full of blood; she then in
ject about an equal amoutnt of poison
ous matter into the bloc-d of her vic
tim. In this matter are contained the
malarial grerms when the Insect is In
fected with the disease.
DO MEDICAL STUDIES MAKE A GIRL UNWOMANLY?
given us when we were 'prentices, did
we, Robbins? But then," he added,
winking Jovially, "neither did we have
pink cheeks and light brown curls."
The sponger flushed and stiffened her
slender neck, but the anesthetizer gig
gled.
"Don't limit It to curls, doctor," she
The matter injected by the mosquito
Is poisonous. This is made apparent to
even the laymen by the pain find swell
ing resulting from the bite. The min
ute abrasion of the skin made by the
bill would, aJone, be barely noticeable,
and that only at the time of the bite.
Malarial disease develops twenty-one
days after the bite.
The old theory that malaria was con
tracted through water and marshy at
mosphere is shown to be wrong, as has
been proved by continuous tests by
Italian bacterlolor-ißts, or by Dr. Koch,
the famous German, who studied ma
laria and its cause minutely in South
Africa.
Malaria may be given to a healthy
person by injecting the blood of a ma
larial patient. This has been proven
time and again; that the germs could
be conveyed to the blood through the
stomach is generally disbelieved; the
malarial germ is damp and heavy and
cannot be wafted about in the air. The
DIAGRAM SHOWING HOW THE RED CORPUSCLES OF THE HUMfiN BLOOD ARE AFFECTED BY THE
BITE OF A MOSQUITO THAT INJECTS THE MALARIA FEVER POISON. THE DIFFERENT NUM
BERS ILLUSTRATE THE DEVELOPAAENT OF THE GERM.
only means of conveying the germ is
through inoculation, and the mosquito
is tli lnoculator.
To bacteriologists the most Interest
ing feature of the subject is the origi
nation of the plasmodium and how it
gets into the mosquito's blood. While
we know absolutely nothing about the
malarial germ outside of the body, it
is probable that in some form it lives
and grows in the warm water of
marshes and in rani: vegetation,
where so much disease life is generated.
The mosquito deposits her eggs in the
water, »vhere they develop into a
species of "wiggletail." The wiggle
tail quite likely feeds upon or becomes
inoculated with the malarial germs,
and when it Is transformed into a mos
quito it contains the parasite for in
troduction into man.
The parasite of pernicious malarial
fever is smaller than the others and
seems to accumulate in the Internal
organs, developing apparently in
grouns. In the Irregular intermittent,
two other forms of the parasite are
found; the beautiful crescent is found
within the red blood corpuscles, and
the flagellate form outside of the blood
corpuscles. In the flagellate form the
pigment is In the center of the body
and dances about very rapidly. Sud
denly long threadlike processes extend
out from the body of the parasite and
whip about with great rapidity. Occa
sionally one or more of the processes
break off and swim about independent
ly. The part played by the flagellate
form in the production of malaria is
unknown.
The relation of these varieties of ma
larial parasites to one another is still
under discussion. The consensus of
opinion is that they are distinct va
rieties, not interchangable, but very
closely related.
The interesting question In connec
tion with the malarial germ is: How
do they get into the blood of patients
sick with the disease?
There are three possible ways: 1.
Through the mouth, stomach and in
testines. 2. Through the nose, throat
and lungs. 3. Through the skin.
There is a theory that water of ma
larial regions causes the disease. But
the malarial haematozoa have never
been found In water. Water of malar
ial regions has been freely drunk by a
number of observers without the least
results, and, further, blood of malarial
patients known to contain haematozoa
has been eaten by a number of observ
ers without contracting the disease. It
seems, therefore, that the juices of the
mucous membrane of the stomach and
intestines kill the parasite; hence it is
Impossible for It to get into the blood
through these organs. To get Into the
Dr. Beverly Cole Says They Do. This Girl Student Says They Don't.
said pertly, giving a cross-eyed glance
at a lock of her own straight, wispy,
black hair, which had fallen across her
face. And the old doctor, who liked
pertness almost as well as he did sweet
ness, pulled up a stool by her and gave
her no end of good advice about the
0T WORK IN THE DISSECTING ROOM.
-nose, throat and lungs they would have
to be inhaled with the air we breathe.
But the haematozoa do not live in a
dried state; they die as soon as the
blood containing them dries. To gee
into the air and be blown about they
would have to exist as dust, but they
are moist bodies, and even if they could
live outside of the blood, would cling
tight to the object to which they are
attached. They are not provided with
wings, and consequently cannot fly
about. The air theory is not at all
plausible.
The skin affords an effective barrier
to the entrance of the parasite, for
heamatozoa can be rubbed on the skin
without producing the slightest offect.
If, however, some blood of a malarial
fever patient, known to contain haema
tozoa, be injected beneath the skin of
a healthy person that person will In
variably be given malarial fever of the
type with which the malarial patient
was affected, and the same kind of
haematozoa will be found in the blood
of both subjects. It would appear,
then, that, try as we may, the only
way in which malarial fever can
be given to a healthy man is by inject
ing the living haematozoa beneath his
skin.
Quite a number of lower animals
have haematozoa in their blood. A
notable example is that of cattle suffer
ing with Texas cattle fever. It has.
been found by a Texas scientist that
the Texas tick conveys the disease to
cattle, so that the dipping experiments
now being carried on In Texas and
other States, of which we read so much
in the newspapers, are for the purpose
of killing the ticks on the cattle be
fore shipping them to other States, and
thus prevent the spread of the fever
to non-infected animals,
-U9O }uaiuv<J9-O sioq.'A aqj, -uonsanb yeo
-JpatU •£ si J9A3J rma'Bi'EUj 9jnO o} AYOH
ters about one drug, and that is qui
nine. As Sydenham said aver 200 years
ago, "it is an absolute specific for the
disease."
Following are some selections from
the paper read before the British Medi
cal Society, giving in technical lan
guage Dr. Ross' results in regard to
the transmission of malarial poison by
mosquitoes : , '■-■'/?:
Seeing that certain phases of the para
site developed into a flagellated body in
the microscopic field some twenty min
utes, more or less, after withdrawal from
the body; seeing also that these flagella
broke away and sought to enter other
cells, Dr. Manson recognized In this an
indication, if indeed he did not establish
the fact, of the commencement of the ex
tracorporeal life of the parasite. Beyond
th 18.1 8. however, no clew was forthcoming
as to. how the parasite bred and continued
its existence. It was at this stage that
Manson ; propounded the mosquito theory
and • intrusted its elucidation to Ross.
The various stages of their work were
arranged under several headings. (1) Ross
found that the mosquito, in imbibing the
human blood, ingested the parasite. (2)
He saw the formation of the flagellated
body in the blood in the mosquito's stom
ach. (3) He observed the flagella break
away from the parent cell and attain a
separate existence. Ross thereby estab
lished the probable correctness of the
conjecture that in the mosquito the para
site entered a new stage of existence. To
work out the behavior and development
of the parasite in the mosquito was now
the problem.
After partial success with the human
malaria, and for several reasons, Ross
elected to investigate the problem In
birds. Birds, the speaker said, suffered
from intracorpuscular blood parasites
like those in human malaria, and Labbe
had shown that definite forms of para
sites were frequent in Europe. Two spe
cies in particular he described.
They were known as Protoosoma and
Halteridlum; they were definite organ-
bringing of patients out of anesthe
sia.
Later when they were washing their
hands in the anteroom Dr. Gummison
nervously took an end of the spon
ger's towel. "You" — he began, but she
interrupted him.
Isms, readily found by those experienced
in this branch of parasitology in bird's
blood. (4) Ross now allowed a particular
species of mosquito (the gray mosquito)
to feed on birds -with Proteosoma in their
blood, and soon discovered that the para
site entered with the blood the mosqui
to's stomach. <.i> Examining his mosqui
toes some hours Inter, he discovered cer
tain -ova! pigmented bociies in the mus
cular coat of the mosquito's stomach.
(C) By hundreds of observations he es
tablished the important fact that It was
only in gray mosquitoes that had fed on
birds In who?e blood the Proteosoma par
asito was present that those pipmented
bodies occurred. (7) From this Ro?s cor
rectly inferred that the piprmented body
was 'an evolutionary form of Proteo
soma. (M McCallum had previously
shown that in the case of the analo
gous parasite — the Haltoridium— the flagr
ellum, of the flagellated phase, after
breaking away, entered certain spherical,
pipmented Halteridia. causing them to be
transformed into little traveling piK
mented vermicuilcs. which, in virtue of
their sharp beak and mechanical power,
traversed freely red and white corpuscles.
(9) Analogy suggested that a similar
thing occurred in Proteosoma. and that
the traveling pigmented Proteosoma ver
miculo entered the tissue of the mos
quito's stomach and became Ross' plg
mented body, in tho same way as Manson
had shown took place in the case of the
Filaria sanguinis hominls. (10) Arrived
in tho stomach wall of the mosquito, the
Proteosoma increased rapidly In size un
til it projected beyond tho stomach walls
into the coelom, or body cavity, of the
mosquito, as a rounded body, which he
styled the Proteosoma coccidla. (11)
During its progress and growth various
changes took place In size and in tho
appearance of the contents of the coc
cidia. Pigment diminished and then dis
appeared, and as the parasite protruded
into the coelom it was seen that the con
tents had a more or less granular ap
pearance. (12) The coccidia now burst,
and what Ross called germinal verml
cules, which had formed in its
interior, were set free in the
body, blood and tissues of the mosquito.
(13) The next step in the problem was
one of great consequence— it was no other
than tho discovery of these vermicules in
the venomo-sallvary glands of the mos
quito. Ross during dissection of the mos
quito found a couple of head glands with
a duct leading toward the proboscis of the
animal, and traced the parasite vermi
cules into those glands. (14) The climax of
the discovery was now within Ross'
grasp, and he elucidated It thus: He al
lowed mosquitoos to feed on birds in
fected with Proteosoma. After a few
days he fed the mosquitoes on birds
whose blood was void of any parasite in
fection. He found in due course that the
parasite-bearing mosquitoes had infected
the healthy birds and that the blood of
the latter was charged with Proteosoma.
Thus was the cycle completed, and the
analogy between bird and human Infec
tion had only to be proved to establish
what was no doubt a great scientific
truth, that the mosquito was a carrier
of malaria and an infecter of man. Much
had yet to be done, however, before the
full significance of the mosquito in malar
ia was worked out. Malaria, it was
known, multiplied without the intermedi
ary of any vertebrate. Did it do so sole
ly in mosquitoes? If so, we had yet to
learn how it passed from mosauito to
mosquito. Did it multiply In other media'
If so, what were they? Dr. Manson said
that he had given merely the outline Of
Ross' great work. Doubtless Ross or oth
ers would soon take up the other prob
lems it suggested and show how to solve
them. It was impossible in a short space
to give in detail the multitudinous experi
ments and observations he had carried
out. Suffice it to say that they had beea
done in a masterly way and with a power
of reasoning, of induction, and of tech
nical detail which marked Ross as one
of the most eminent scientific workers of
the day. The practical applications of the
discovery were Immeasurable, and tho
fact that as the bites of the snake or the
rabid dog inoculated the blood of their
victims, so might the mosquito convey
malaria, opened up a new and hopeful
phase in the prevention of disease in the
tropics.
"How good you were to let me," she
said gratefully. "Not many surgeons
would have given an assistant such a
chance. You don't know how good It
seems to have made a beginning, to
think I have really put in some stitches
all by myself."
KATHERINE BATES.
2122
WHY HE WAS CONVERTED
TO THE SPIRITISTIC THEORY
Dp. Richard .Hodgson. President of the
American Society of Psychical Research
Has Just Filed .His Report Jlfter a
Long Investigation of ; Alleged Spirit
Phenomena.
rT~\HE most startling report on the scientific investigation of spirit
'; I ism during recent years has just been made by Dr. Richard
J_ Hodgson, president of the American Society of Psychical Re
search. For seven years he has been specially investigating
what is called spirit manifestations. During that period of time
he has applied his scientific methods to what he consrders a most
thorough investigation of a remarkable medium, Mrs. Piper of Bos
ton, whose seances have been the occasions of some astonishing
spiritistic phenomena. Tried friends and Keen witted men assisted
Dr. Hodgson at different stages of the investigation. Everything
conceivable by them was done to guard against fraud, deception
and duplicity. Dr. Hodgson now declares that he is thoroughly
convinced that spiritism is a reality and not a sham. Professor Wil
liam James, the emin-'iit pyschologlst of Harvard University, who
Joined the others in the tests, frankly admits that the Piper phe
nomena are "the most absolutely baffling things" he knows of.
Eminent members of the Society of Psychical Research of Eng
land made- a number of very interesting tests with Mrs. Piper, the
result being various opinions, the only point of entire agreement be
ing that the woman had "supernormal powers."
Dr. Hodgson was specially appointed by the American society to
conduct the investigation. He took up his residence in Boston and
spent seven years at the work. The gist of his report will be found
DR. RICHARD HODGSON is the .
latest eminent convert to the :
spiritistic theory. He is a man \
of thorough scientific training, j
and for some years past has
been at the head of the American I
branch of the Society of Psychical Re- !
6earch in Boston, and it is through an
American human instrument, Mrs. Pi
per of Arlington— a Boston suburb — |
HOW THE FRENCH WILL EXPLORE THE SAHARA
THREE officers -f the army of France are preparing
to cross the Sahara Desert by means of a balloon.
They have studied out the problem and feel confi
dent of success. At any rate they declare they will
not get lost.
It is their Idea to start from the coast of Tunis and
be wafted by air currents to the mouth of the Niger.
Thin sounds simple enough, but they will meet many
perils on the way.
The balloon used will be of the usual pear shape that
has been tried and known to be reliable under certain
conditions. But this balloon will not be allowed to drift
about at the wind's sweet will, but is to be guided by
steel cables arranged to trail on the ground. Nor will the
that Dr. Hodgson has made his experi
ments.
Everybody interested in psychic mat
ters — and who is not in these days?—
has heard something about how Mrs.
Piper came upder the notice of Profes
sor William James, instructor of psy
chology at Harvard; and how, later,
the Society of Psychical Research in
England had her go over there and stay
balloon ascend very high Into the air unless certain dan
gers make It necessary.
As well as acting as steering ropes the steel cables will
also be made instruments of defense. By means of a pow
erful electric battery the aeronauts will bo able to send
a paralyzing shock to the earth. Should any curious na
tive t^.ke a notion to investigate the wire rope he will be
forcibly reminded that it is not a pood thing to fool with.
Arrangements have al*O been made to guide the relief
expedition that may scon follow on the trail of the bal
loon. This is to b? accomplished by dropping leaden
bottles painted a bright red at frequent Intervals along
the country over which the balloon passes. Thus the re
lief expedition can fir.d the lost aeronauts by following
the trail of red bottles.
THE SA^ FTCANCISCV CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898
from the fall of 18S9 till the spring of
the following year, during which time
she grave eighty-three sittings, under
the supervision of such men as Profes
sor Lodge, Dr. Walter Leap, F. W. H.
Myers, etc. Even the famous Sir Wil
liam Crookes, inventor of Crookes tubes
and president of the Society of Psy
chical Research, studied the phenom
ena.
All these great men gave forth opin
ion, tentative rather than assertive, the
only point of entire agreement being
that the woman had "supernormal
powers."
Dr. Leap thought this supernormal
element consisted in the ability to ac
cept thought transference from the sit
ters. Professor Lodge believed that
more was involved than thiy could ex
plain, and found himself forced to be
lieve in telepathy.
Hut telepathy from many distant pesr-
Bcne at one and th«? same moment he
could not make feasible, and telepathy
from deceased persons he would not ac
cept but as a last resort Information
extracted from persona present he could
not admit as possible under the super
vision exercised— where the woman was
in absolute ignorance of her sitters,
tvfcu to their names.
On Mrs. Piper's return to America
the society sent Dr. Hodgson to Boston
to reside in order to devote himself to
experiments begun by Professor James,
and which time would not permit that
gentleman to continue. > .
Dr. 'Hodgson's supervision covers
from 1591 up to the present year. The
sittings number, 500. One hundred anil
thirty of ih'-se-.were persons lntroauiwl
to Dr. Hodgson, not by their own
names, and of whom the medium was
entirely- ignorant. Furthermore; inter
ested parties had set a watch" upon, the
movements of those who might bring
information "from unlocked for sources.
As a result of his untiring studies the
records kept and recently given by Dr.
Hodgson to the Society of Psychical
Research "Proceedings" form some of
the most curious reading ever penned.
Adopting the inductive method. Dr.
Hodgson, In this report to the society,
omits nothing. He gives as much space
to the failures as to the successes, and
discourses on how the failures prove
even more than the successes the pres
ence of spirits trying under difficulties
to maite themselves known.
But perhaps the most curious point
to the general reader is that Dr. Hodg
son finds himself constrained to believe
that those who die of mental disorder,
or who suicide, cannot communicate
until, possibly, after they are a long
time In thi j other life. From eight cases
of suicide, more or less known to him,
nothing could be obtained. No one was
found able to communicate Immediately
alter/passing out. All, however, seem
dOTiroc of duing so after they como
to a cense <,f their environment.
At timf's these efforts remind on 2of
telephoning, with the medium for an in
strument, and a scramble to get a hear
ing before the earthly operator leaves
his md of the machine.
Vv'hen Dr. Hmlgfun began experi
ments the spirit boss — so to speak —
called himself Phinuil. and claimed to
have been a French physician. Much
research has failed to find a record of
his earthly career.
In I>sS2 Phinuit found himself obliged
to take a side sfct while a new and
dominant personality came to the
front. This personality is designated
throughout us George Pelham, or G. P.,
though that was not his real name,
which is well known to many in New
York and Boston. He was a young
literary man of no little fame, who met
his death accidentally and instantane
ously in New York in that same year.
Dr. Hodgson knew G. P. well in an in
tellectual way, and had had long talks
with him on philosophy and the
chances of a future life, in which G. P.
did not believe.
"He could not accept its credibility,"
Dr. Hodgson writes in his report, "and
vowed that if he should die before I
did and found himself still existing he
would "make things lively' in the effort
to reveal the fact."
He does not appear to have succeed
ed — though opportunity was given him
—for about five weeks, and then it
would seem to have been an old "emo
tional friendship" rather than his vow
which called him hither. A certain
Mr. John Hart (not the real name)
came to Mr. Hodgson for a sitting to
Mrs. Piper— all knowledge of him be
ing kept from the medium.
Phinuit first announced himself as
Intermediary for G. P.. and gave some
incorrect accounts concerning the re
cent death of a relative of the sitter.
Boon the G. P. personality got the
better of what had boen known as the
Phinuit voice, called a name like
"Howard" and also gave his own in
full.
Then followed a correct account of a
locket presented by the sitter, and all
about its different owners, followed by
the full name of George Pelham. The
sitter produced a pair of studs he had
been wearing 1 . G. P.' promptly in
forms him that the studs had b^en his
awn; that they had been taken from
his dead body.
"Mother gave them to father and
father sent them to you. I want you
to keep them. I will them to you,"
said the voice.
Mr. Hart subsequently admitted that
they hod been sent him by Mr. Pelham
in response to his own request for a
memento of George.
In the midst of this information the
names of James and Mary Howard
(Mr. find Mr?.) were cnlled for, also
Katharine, adding, "Tel! her she'll
know. I will solve the problem, Kath
arine"
This had no significance for any one
present — thus preluding all chance of
thought transference.
Not until afterward did Mr. Howard,
an intimate friend of G. P.. explain
that George, when he had last stayed
with them, had a long talk with his
daughter Katharine, a girl of fifteen,
on such subjects as time, space, God
and eternity, and after pointing out
how unsatisfactory was the commonly
accepted solution, added that he would
solve the problems and let her know.
This and much more at th>- first com
ing of G. P. purported to be through
the Intermediary, Phinuit. as if G. P.
himself had not got used to the ma
chinery of communication. Much other
information unconnected with the sit
ter, but which others subsequently
proved correct, was also shouted forth
before the close of the sitting, as if the
intelligence, whatever it was, desired to
give whatever came to mind.
T~>r. Hodgson makes this comment:
"The most personal and convincing
references made at these sittin*"-. fan
not be quoted because of their extreme
ly private nature. They were regarded
by J. H. as profoundly characteristic
of Pelham. and in minor matters es
pecially, where my notes were inade
quate, such as in words of greeting and
occasional remarks, the manner of ref
erence to his mother, with him in
spirit; to his fathc- and stepmother,
living, etc.. the sitter was strongly Im
pressed with the vrrusemblance of the
personality of Pelharn."
Before passing on to Dr. Hodgson's
<>wn opinions of the difficulties In the
way of communications between this
world and the region of the disincar
nate, it may interest the reader to have
a sample of how G. P. met the How
ards. After a few words at the be
ginning, we are told Phinuit gave way
altogether, and the personality of G. P.
controlled voice and hand.
"The? statements ma<le were inti
mately personal and characteristic.
Common friends were referred to by
name, inquiries were made about pri
vate matters, and the Howards, who
were not predisposed to take any inter
ert in psychical research, but who had
been induced by the account of Mr.
Hart to have a sittlncr with Mrs. Piper,
were profoundly impressed with the
feelincr that they were in truth holding
a conversation with the friend whom
they ha<l known so many y^nrs. All
the references to persons and indi
viduals are correct."
The report goes on:
'• 'Jim (Jim is Mr. Howard 1 * Is that
you? Speak to me, quick. I am not
dead. Don't think me doad. Can't you
see me? Don't -na hear me? Give my
love to my father ar.d tell him I want
to see him. lam happy here, and more
fo since I find I can communicate with
you, I pity those people here who
:!it speak. • • * I want you to
know I think of you still. I spoke to
John about some letter?.'
" 'What do you do, George, where you
are?'
" 'I am scarcely able to do anything
yet. I am just awakening to the reality
of life after donth. It was like dark
ness; I could not distinguish anything
nt first — darkest hour's just before day,
yu-taow that, Jim. I was puzzled,
(■'infused. I shnll have an occupation
• in. Now 1 can see you, my friends.
Your voice, Jim, I car distinguish, with
yriir accent and articulation, but it
sounds like a big bass drum. Mine
would sound to you like the faintest
whisper.'
"Our convei-satlon then 1b something
like telephoning— by long distance tele
phone?
"G. P. laughs.
" 'Were you not surprised to find
yourself living?'
" 'Perfectly so, greatly Surprised. I
did not believe in a future life. It was
b< yund my reasoning powers. Nuw it
is as clear as daylight We have an
astral fac-simile of the material body.
• • • Jim, what are you writing
now?'
"[G. P., when living, would probably
have jeered at the association with the
word "astral." — Dr. H.]
" 'Nothing of importance.'
" 'Why don't you write about this? 1
" '1 should like to, but the expression
of my opinion would be nothing; I must
have facts.'
" "These 1 will give you, and to Hodg
son, too.'
" 'Will people know about this pos
sibility of communication?'
" 'They are sure to in the end. It is
only a question of time.'
" 'What is Rogers writing?'
" 'A novel.'
" 'No, not that. Is he not writing
something about me?'
" "Yes, he is preparing a memorial of
you.'
" "That's nice. It is pleasant to be
remembered. He was always kind to
me. Martha Rogers (deceased daugh
ter) is here. I have talked with her
several, times.' "
Here follows an account of the girl's
peculiarities, also many inquiries and
remarks about friends still in existence,
and regrets that it would be so hard
to make his father believe— with his
mother it would be easier.
"Ail references in the conversation,"
adds Dr. Hodgson, '"proved absolutely
correct."
We are also told that trying to look
into this world is much like looking
through a ke>hole to learn what people
are doing within a room.
Although great numbers of people
had sittings, and G. P. never failed to
recognize everybody whom he had ever
s. en before and seemed never weary of
assisting strangers, no one had more
persc-nal intimacy imparted than the
Howards. Here ia a description of a
rather dramatic scene for a "spirit" to
play :
Mr. Howard (says Dr. Hodgson) was
supporting Mrs. Piper's head, I was
following the writing and Mr. Howard
was sitting some distance away smok
ing a long pipe, when the following
conversation ensued:
"G. P.— Now, what will I do for you?
Dr. H asks for any special message
he may think desirable; anything about
philosophy, etc.
"Mr. Howard — Well, George, before
you go to philosophy — you know my
opinion of phi!t«ophy
"G. P. — It is rather crude, to be sure.
"Mr. H. — Tell me something. You
must be able to recall certain things
that you and I know. I ask you be
cause several things I have asked you
have failed to get hold of.
"G. P. — Why did you not ask me this
before? Do yc-u doubt me, dear old fel
low?
"Mr. H. — I simply want something —
you have failed to answer certain ques
tions that I have asked — now t* want
you to give me the equivalent to those
answers in . your own terms • » *
What does Jim mean?
"G. P. — Do you mean our conversa
tion on different things?, or do you mean
something else?
"Mr. H. — I mean anything. Now,
George, listen for a moment — listen —
listen
"G. P.— l know.
. "Mr. H. — I mean that we have spent
many summers and winters together
and talked on a great many things,
and had a great many views in com
mon—went through a great many ex
periences together. Now (G. P.,
commencing to write) — Hold on a min
ute.
"G. P. — You used to talk to me
about "
Dr. Hodgson goes c-n to explain:
The transcription here of the words
written by G. P. conveys, of course,
no proper impression of the actual cir
cumstances. The inert mass of Mrs.
Piper's body turned away from the
right arm and sagged down, as It were,
limp and lifeless over Mrs. Hr.-ward's
shoulder, but the right arm. and espe
cially hnnd, mobile, intelligent, depre
catory, then impatient and fierce in the
persistence of the writing that followed,
which contained too much of the per
sonal element in G. P.'s life to be re
produced here.
"Several statements were read by me
and assented to by Mr. Howard, and
then was written 'private' and the
! hand gently p\ished me away. I re
tired to the other side of the room and
Mr. Howard took my place close to
the hand, where he could read the
writing. He did not, of course, read
it aloud, and it was too private for my
• perusal. The hand as it reached the
j end of each sheet tore it off from the
i block book and thrust it wildly at Mr.
! Howard and then continued writing.
"The circumstances narrated, Mr.
Howard informed me, contained pre
cisely the kind of test for which he
had asked, and he said he was 'per
fectly satisfied, perfectly.' "
The number of things said and done
is indeed bewildering. Dr. Hodgson
has not yet got into shape for the pub
lic eye his convincing testimony. That
is likely to be forthcoming at the end
of this summer.
He complains, naturally, that
the most convincing part of his
investigations he is debarred
from giving, owing to their ex
treme personality, and he inti
mates a promise that some of
this restriction will be lifted and
in the near future he be per
mitted to give out his more con
vincing facts.
He makes his plea for the
spirit hypothesis only after
testing all others and finding
they do not fit in with the faxts,
and he makes no dogmatic
claim that his spirit theory Is
yet conclusive, his claim rather
being that it is the only scien
tifically reasonable one in face
of indisputable phenomena.
The failures and confusions by being
due to naural causes he finds the
strongest proof of the spirit hypothesis.
He pictures several persons trying to
hold a conversation with one who is
forced to spell out his words instead of
speaking them in the natural way.
"Let the reader imagine himself in
terrupted at every two or three words
by interlocutors who tell him they did
not catch his last word and ask for it
to be repeated several times. Further, j
suppose that it is so difficult for him
to hear that he hears only part of what
lis said. Having made this experiment
! let the reader then suppose that in
; st^ad of using his own voice to spell
! his words with he is placed on one
side of a machine (the medium) so con
structed that the thoughts running in
his mind have a tendency to be reg
istered in writing on the other side of
the machine, not so fast as he thinks
them, but at the rate of writing, and
that it is only by reading this writing
that his interlocutors know what he
has to tell them.
"Let him further suppose that one or
more persons are standing near him, on
the other side of the machine, and talk
! ing to him or to one another within his
hearing, so thayt the words which they
say tend to be registered in the writ
ing: and let him further suppose that
he is unfamiliar with the machine and
that the writing produced has a tend
ency to vary somewhat from the wards
actually thought by him, owing to im
perfections in the machifte.
"Let him further suppose that the
BISMARCK PLAYED COUSIN FOR A FRIEND.
An old Swedish lady recounts the fol
lowing particulars of Bismarck in his
youth, before his name had become
known beyond his neighborhood and
university. "Fifty-six years ago." she
says, "when I was a very young girt,
I was to spend some time in Rome.
Accompanied by an old companion and
two maids I set out on my journey. It
was settled that I should stay a short
time in Berlin. A sister of my father
had married a German, and their son.
the German cousin, as we called him,
studied at that time In Berlin. I had
never seen him. A few days before I
set out on my journey my father sent
him a letter asking him to look after
me a little.
"I arrived in Rerlin and was most
heartily received by my German cousin.
He was a tall youth, with a large mus
tache and peculiarly sparkling eyes; he
seemed to me even somewhat uncanny.
But no; for three days he was my
faithful companion. Certainly he could
not speak a word of Swedish, but he
talked elegant French. I never had
such an agreeable cavalier. I was quite
proud of my German cousin. The hour
for my departure arrived only too soon.
part "of the machine in which he is
placed is filled with a more or less suf
focating gas, which produces a partial
loss. of consciousness; that sometimes
this gas is much more poisonous than
usual (weakness or- ill health of me
dium), and that its effects are usually
cumulative while he remains In the
machine.
"The important failures of G' P
were due primarily, I believe, to the
ignorance of sitters that he was com
municating under such conditions as
these. And I cannot too strongly em
phasize my conviction that unless the
presence of such conditions is" con-
M ai V reCo&nized by the investigator
be flume "F" F researches in this fleld will
He also shows that it is as il
logical for people to look for en
tirely successful communications
when they approach in a spirit
of hostile doubt as it would be
to look for satisfactory inter
course with human beings whom
they approached in similar man- \
ner. Nor does he see any rea
son why spirits should be ex- '
pected to possess equal talents
as communicators.
Subjoined are some remarks from a
oming paper by Professor Wil
liam James, which show the yet tenta
tive condition of the problem:
"The conversion of Dr. Hc-dgson to
spiritism marks a critical passage in
the history of the Society for Psychical
Research, as well as in Dr. Hodgson's
own career. ♦ » • Surely there never
before was such a conjunction of a
good medium with a thorough investi
gator, and in this result the report
marks an epoch in our knowledge of
trance states.
"Dr. Hodgson considers that the hy
pothesis of fraud cannot be seriously
entertained. I agree with him absol
utely. The medium has been under
observation as to most of the condi
tions of her life by persons eager, many
of them, to pounce upon any suspicious
circumstance for fifteen years.
"The scientist who is confident of
fraud here must remember that in
science as well as in cc-mmon life a
hypothesis must receive some positive
specification and determination before
it can be profitably discussed, and fraud
which is no assigned kind of fraud, but
simply fraud at large, can hardly be
regarded as an especially scientific ex
planation of specific concrete facts.
"No; Mrs. Piper's trances are phe
nomena sui generis. Mr. Hodgson, ad
mitting the element of supernormal
knowledge in them as a fact, weighs
against each other as two theories of
its origin telepathy from the sitter and
spirit communication. He finds the
latter theory to offer, on the whole, the
least resistance. ♦ • •
"If I may be allowed a personal ex
pression of opinion at the end of this
summary I would say that the Piper
phenomena are the most absolutely
baffling things I know. Any definitely
known form of fraud seems out of the
question; yet undoubtedly, could it be
made plausible, fraud would be by far
the most satisfying explanation, since
it would leave no further problem out
standing.
"The spirit hypothesis exhibits a va
cancy, triviality and incoherence of
mind painful to think of as the state
of the departed.
"Mr. Hodgson has to resort to the
theory that although the communica
tors probably are spirits, they are in a
semi-comatose or sleeping state and
only half aware of what is going on.
The habits of Mrs. Piper's neutral or
ganism largely supply the definite form
of words, etc., in which the phenomena
are clothed.
"Then there Is the theory that the
subliminal extension of Mrs. Piper's
own mind masquerades in this way,
and plays these fantastic tricks before
high heaven, using its preternatural
powers of cognition and memory for
the basest of deceits. Many details
make for this view, which also falls
well into line with what we know of
automatic writing and similar sublim
inal performances on the public at
large.
"But what a ghastly and grotesque
port of appendage to our personality is
this from any point of view!
"Finally, we may fall back on the
notion of a sort of floating mind stuff
in the world, Infrahuman, yet pos
sessed of gleams of superhuman cog
nition, unable to pather itself together
except by taking advantage of the
trance states of some existing human
oreranipm. and there enjoying a para
sitic existence which it prolongs by
making itself acceptable and plausible
und^r the Improvised name of spirit
control."
" 'Cousin,' he said, just as I was about
to leave, 'look, cousin, I should like to
tell you that lam not your cousin My
friend, your German cousin, the right
one, is so greatly occupied with the pre
paration for his examination that he
begged me to fulfil in his place your
fathers wish. My name is Otto yon
Bismarck.'
I stared at him, quite taken aback;
the carriage moved on, and there was
an end to my adventure. Many years
passed over. The unknown Bismarck
had become Chancellor and Prince and
had played with crowns and lands. I
came again to Berlin in ISSO, an old
woman, married nearly forty years. I
wrote a few wqrcls on my card and sent
it to the Prince. An hour afterward J
received his invitation, went tr- his pal
ace and we were soon in a most lively
conversation, Bismarck being in tho
best of humor. 'I have to thank you,'
he said among other things, 'that I wus
able to visit the Berlin museums. Since
then I have never had a chance.' "
The cheapest rate of postage in BJu
rope is that of France.TWO GIRLS WHO SUCCESSFULLY RUN A BIG CATTLE RANCH
IT WflS (\ FIGHT TO THE DEATH WITH THE MAD BRUTE IN FRONT AND THE FENCE BEHIND. LOUISE OIMED A BLOW AT THE
COW'S HEAD WHILE GUSSIE YANKED BACK ON THE LOSSO.
CAN a woman run a sheep ranch?
Yes. she can. I have just seen
it tried by two young girls, and
it is a success. One is 16 years
and the other 18 years old, and
they do the practical as well as
a great deal of the head work on a
ranch of thirty square miles, stocked
•with 3500 sheep, besides horses, cattle
and pigs.
Riding over the hills of Mendocino
County I had often met the girls rid
ing astride and dressed in blue shirt
waists, blue Jean overalls drawn down
over high boots as guard against rat
tlesnakes, their hair braided and coiled
under a broad straw sailor hat. 1 had
Just come from the city, where women
In sweat shops and factories and
laundries had been occupying my mind.
1 made the girls' acquaintance and
gladly accepted an invitation to visit
them at their home, the ranch next the
one where I was stopping, and ride the
range with them and see them at their
work.
It was nearly dusk when I closed
the big gate behind me and began thu
ascent up the two miles of trail from
the road to the house. The mountains
rise on every side, but in the purple
distance. Near at hand the green
open stretches away as far as the eye
ran follow in rich slopes and gently
rising hills, overed with green mossy
tan bark oaks and cathedral-like pines
and "harlequin madrones." One might
be riding through the park to an Eng
lish country house, so clear are the
grounds of all underbrush.
Louise, the younger sister, had gone
vlth an Indian boy to drive in a bunch
of cattle. One of the "milkers" had
gone dry and a new cow, practically
wild, must be domesticated to provide
milk for the table.
The Lamns are well educated Ger
mans, who brought a good deal of
money to Mendoclno County and put It
into their ranch. It is one of the larg
est In the northern country. When
■wool went down from 28 cents to 8
cents per pound their Income stopped.
Aft^r a few very bad years a mort
gage began to grow. Help was very
hard to get and not much help when
found at the rate of $1 25 a day with
board. At dinner they told me how
it came. that the two girls began their
work about the ranch.
At the time Gussie, the elder, had
just returned from school in the city
and was about 14 years of age. One
day her father came home very late
to dinner. It had been raining for
A thousand burdened burros filled
The narrow, winding, wriggling trail;
A hundrr-d settlers came to build.
Each day, new houses in the vale;
A hundred gamblers came to feed
On the same settlers— that was Creede.
Slanting Annie, Gambling Joe
Ami nßad"n Bad" Bob Ford, "Sapolio.
Or 'Soapy" Smith, as he was known,
Ran fiames peculiarly their own;
For everything was open wide.
And men drank absinthe on the shie.
THIS was the running record of
Creed Camp as set down at the
time, A. D. 1892.
With a press franchise, a force
of printers, a lead pencil and a
power press, the writer had
gone to the booming camp to
establish a morning paper, with a tele
graph .service, in a town that hftd been
in existence but three short moons and
was not yet definitely located on the
naps.
In a little bushleps spot by the road
elde was a board shanty upon the door
of which was tacked a tin beer sign.
Inside half a doz<»n workingmen — labor
ers or miners they might be — were sit
ting on wooden benches about the
fitove. They had been in animated con
versation, but hushed it as they noted
the entrance of a newcomer. One small
man with pale, lusterless hair and cold
gray eyes, was recognizable a* Tom,
the shell man— "Troublesome Tom,"
they called him, I had seen a carpenter
pause at Tom's three-legged stool that
day watch the game for a moment,
then slowly slide his tool-bag from his
shoulder to the ground, put five dollars
fin the table and pounce upon one of
the shells. He lost this five and two
more, called the shell man a thief and
demanded hi? money back.
"Yes." said the man with his cold
eyes fixed upon the top of the moun
tain:' "I presume that's what you
wanted with my money— to give it
back."
Now the carpenter was pushed aside
by a man who could guess. This man
■wus able to win three times out of five.
days and the rain had changed to snow
and down by Ten Mile Creek about a
thousand sheep were fast in the snow
and would perish unless they could be
gotten out.
•'I am going to help you, papa," said
Gussle resolutely. Her father at first
said "no." It was not always a pleas
ure to him that his sons were all
daughters. But (russie went along and
so effectively helped that every sheep
was saved.
"But you should have seen me when
I came home," she paid. "Wet! why, I
was a cloudburst In the kitchen, and
my skirt was torn from top to bottom,
it seemed to catch every time I got off
my horse or climbed a fence. Before
I went out again I put on a pair of
papa's overalls and boots, and that is
how I came to have overalls of my own
now. When Louise came home from
school she wanted to help me instead
of going to work in town. We had to
do something, and I am glad now that
we are farmers."
The ranch has been saved, although
much of the time Mr. Lamn has been
unable to work and has been obliged
to leave everything to the girls. At
shearing time they have twenty-four
to thirty m^n and Indians to oversee.
Their father usually is engaged bar
gaining to sell the wool.
"And don't you have queer experi
ences going about dressed like men,"
I asked.
"Of course, but I rather enjoy It
now; every on- about here now takes
it as a matter of course. At first some
of the neighbors threatened to have us
arrested, but they didn't."
But the cows were waiting to be
milked, and the girls promised some
"fun" with the wild cows, just brought
in. Two cove were peaceably dis
posed of and then came Marguerite,
the one chosen from a herd of about
fifty, to be domesticated, and certainly
.she was equal to her name and the
added appellation Daisy.
Both girls mounted their horses and
started to lasso her. But Marguerite
knew a rope when she saw one, and
kept the other cows between herself
and the lassos. When Louise succeeded
in getting the rope around a hind foot
the cow pulled and plunged so madly
it was all the two girls and horses
could manage to pull her into the cor
ral and secure the rope to the snub
bing post. The corral was small, with
a hiph fence. The girls dismounted,
armed themselves with clubs and ropea
and began to close in on the wild cow.
She had taken her stand in the corner,
and with all her might was pushing
against the fence, which threatened to
Reminisc:nces of the Notorious Klondike Gambler, Confidence Man and Politician "Who Met His Dea';h "Wnile Trying; to Clean Out a Vigilance Committee That Proved
Too Strong for Him.
Seeing that the game could be beaten
a merchant from Denver put down ten,
tried again and lost. Crumpling a fifty
dollar biil in his left hand the merchant
watched the two half shells for a mo
ment and then made a grab. "Turn it
over, turn it over," he demanded ex
citedly, dropping the crumpled bill.
Tom turned it over, but there was noth
ing in it— nothing for the merchant.
"Why didn't you turn it yo'sef?" said
a man with a southern accent and a
full black beard; 'that fellow's a
shark."
Now this same man was the Georgia
pronunciation came from behind the
pine bar and spoke to me. He had no
whiskers, but I could swear that this
was the man that had helped the mer
chant play off the hundred.
"Yo' th' a'tist that's goin' to staht
thf daily papah, eh?"
"Yea," I answered.
•■'Join' to make wah on the gam
blahs?" asked the dark man.
"Not for gambling."
"What fo' then?"
"Sandbags, six-shooters and masks,"
was the reply.
"Well seh. if that's yo' gait we can
gallop in the same heat," said he, en
thusiastically, offering me his hand.
"My name is Smith— Soapy Smith— an'
when yo' in trouble say so an" I'll hep
yo'."
That is the way we became ac
quainted.
Oambler Joe Simmens, one of Sospy's
"wcrklngrnen," died suddenly two <iay£
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
NEXT DAY GUSSIE CAME FADING BACK, DRIVING THE SIXTY SHEEP THAT HflD BEEN RUN
OFF BY THE DROVER.
collapse. Suddenly she charged at
Louise, who jumped aside and into the
corner, and none too quickly. It was
fight to the death with the mad brute
in front and the high fence behind and
Louise aimed at the cow's forehead
with the club but missed, and the
blow fell upon the horn and started the
blood.
Half dazed with pain, the cow tcwe
around the corral at the full limit of
her rope. A lasso from Gussie brought
her to her knees and another from
Louise quickly rendered her helpless.
Hitched to the post so that any mis
conduct brought her to the ground
the cow was milked and left to reflect
over the ways of the rebellious.
Sitting on the flower-covered porch
Mrs. Lamn scolded the girls for their
recklessness, but Gussie only laughed,
and said it was fun. She was sitting
on the ground with the head of a
hound between her hands and three
more fawning and jumping over and
around her. Mrs. Lamn talked of her
German home, for which in free Ameri
ca she never sighed, glad her daughters
were living their full, happy life, and
sorry only that they cared nothing for
the books which were almost life to her
and her husband. Dickens, Scott and
Thackeray, Kipling and Darwin were
among the row of books. Robert Louis
Stevenson Mr. Lamn would not have.
He did not approve of his marriage.
In the morning we were out at 5
o'clock, for It takes all day to "ride the
range," ten miles long by three wide,
the whole inclosed by a "coyote" fence,
the rails having a barbed wire stretch-
THE PASSING OF "SOAPY" SMITH
befoit the first issue of the Chronicle,
and Soapy gave him a big fui.eral.
Standing at the open grave lie opened
champagne, pouring some Into the
grave and drank some, saying as he
did .so, "Here's to Joe's soul over there,
if there is any over "there," and passed
the bottle to his next friend.
The description of that funeral which
Hortigan wrote for the first issue gave
the Chronicle a start and made it wel
come at the exchange table before it
was two days old. It's a mistake to
assume that gamblers do no good. Joe
Simmons helped make the Chronicle.
One day a man came over from Chalk
Creek to burn a lot of money that he
had just received for a group of claims.
At dusk when he entered the Chronicle
office his trousers were stuffed like the
trousers of a football player — stuffed
with money. His face was flushed and
his eyes dancing. He was a miner by
profession, *a gambler by instinct and a
deep drinker. He told Taber frankly
that he had expected a reporter would
find him out at the hotel, but seeing the
paper was shy on enterprise he had
come in to give up the news of the
Chalk Creek district. He hinted that
seeing his name repeated in the paper
would help him over at the new camp
where he was Mayor, Magistrate, Post
master and Notary Public. "If that
likeness could go on the first page," he
said sliding a photograph over to the
reporter, "I'd be willing to pay for the
cut." He offered to "open wine" for
the gang, printers and all, If they would.
Ed a few inches above the top. Coyotes
do not always heed the invitation to
keep out, and in the winter the girls
have great sport hunting them, as well
as the other sheep killers, bears and
panthers. The fences are held together
by wires instead of nails, and some one
had cut a wire, letting down several
panels of fence. In their saddle bags
the girls carry everything needed for
fence mending, and they soon had the
fence in place again. All the while they
were volubly condemning "hunters as
just nuisances," as they call every one
who comes up from the city to spend a
vacation.
Seeing us coming the sheep ran "baa
ing" away along the sheep trails which
cover the hills. One, however, could
not run; it had been shot.
"Another of those city hunters who
can't tell a sheep from a quail or a
cow from a deer. I'd give it to him if
I could catch him on this land," ex
claimed Gussie, as she drew her revol
ver and put the creature out of its suf
fering. The vultures circled lower as
we rode on, and other dark shadows
passed over us in the same direction.
• We were coming to a rocky, bare hill
when the dogs bepan to bark and were
answered by a hound from the sunny
side of a great rock.
"There he Is now," and Gussie
spurred up the steep hill. We followed.
She was doing all that language
could accomplish in "giving it" to a
youth, and he was from "the city,"
judging from his picturesque get-up as
a mighty hunter.
"But I am only shooting rattlesnakes,
BY CY WARMAN.
join him at the Albany for a midnight
feed.
In the twilight of the following day
he called again. He was not nearly so
frisky. The stuffing was gone from his
trousers and the twinkle from his eye.
Pulling a chair up to the reporter's
desk he began to pour out the story of
his undoing. Hartigan, seeing a smile
beginning to play about the smooth
face of the reporter, went over to give
Taber an assignment, and Vaughn, the
master mechanic (and general manager
in the editor's absence), came in from
the back room.
Half an hour later the man went
out. "Say," he called back from the
door. "You don't need to mention
names, but I'll stand by the paper if
you give the outfit a good roast."
Taber had written the heading for
the expose in the presence of the Chalk
Creeker, and he had cheered and ap
plauded it. When he picked up the
paper on the following morning he was
delighted to see that it had not been
changed or softened:
"CONSPIRACY.
A DEEP LAID PLOT TO DO
A MAN OF MONEY.
Business Men to Form a Union
to Protect Themselves
Against the
Sharks."
And there was the miner's "likeness"
on the front page, top of the column
sir or madam," he protested to the in
dignant Gussie.
"I'll sir or madam you if you don't
keep off this range with your gun and
dogs!"
"Really I would like to know, for if
you're a man I'd enjoy giving you a
thrashing."
Gussie jumped from her horse.
"Thrash me! I might have something:
to say to that. Just try it!"
"Pardon me, madam, but I cannot
fight a young lady. I did not know any
one would so violently object to having
the snakes killed on her place."
Lifting his hat he pressed it to his
bosom, and bowing low before the an
gry girl continued: "Madam, it is my
great pleasure to obey you! I go, never
to return," and he bowed again with
mock gravity.
He called his dog and gathering up
six rattlesnakes, prepared to leave the
rocks.
"You have shot every one in the
head," remarked Gussie, who could not
restrain her admiration, for she is a
Diana to the tips of her fingers.
"Rather good. Haven't spoiled a sin
gle skin. Won't you accept one when
I have them cured?"
"No, I do not care about them,
but" — nnd Gussie looked at me, for I
had been wanting a skin for a belt,
and a fortnight after the young rattle
snake hunter brought me a fine one.
We looked to the fence and the feed
and to the salt, which had been placed
out for the sheep that morning by the
Indian boy.
A young calf had strayed from its
and right up against pure reading mat
ter.
The miner had admitted, in the In
terview, that he had been in the habit
of bucking the tiger at the Orleans
Club, kept by one Sapolio Smythe, and
that he had dropped several small
wads there. Finally, one of his men up
at the mines, who used to deal faro at
El Paso, said he could beat Soapy's
game, but it would take time and
money. For five hundred dollars to
him in hand paid this Texas man would
go down to Creede, get a job dealing- i»t
the club, and allow his friend to break
the bank.
It was so simple and easy that the
miner, finding himself heeled, gave the
Texas man the money, the man got the
job (he could deal brace) and down
came the tinhorn to tap the till.
The Texas man was "honest," but
Soapy, looking in the mirror, saw the
new man fooling with the box and
when the game opened had another
switched in.
At first the Chalk Creek man lost
heavily, but he cared no more for his
money than the Texas man did for his
life, and laughed as he unloaded. His
roll wafl half gone before he won a bet.
Now he left off joking and bosran to .
watch the dealer. In a little while his
money was flowing into the till again,
and he began to double up. There was
"no improvement. The miner hitched
a six-shooter around so that the Texas
man rould see it, and the Texas man's
mouth began to twitch. Reaching into
Dressed in Overalls and Blouses
They Fish, Hunt and Ride the
Ranges as Actively as Any Man.
mother and was in danger of its life
among some horses which would not
meet its advances half way, but were
more inclined to kick and bite it off
their feeding ground. So Gussie rode
in among the horses and rescued the
"little fool."
"It is noon by the sun," said Louise.
"Let's get some squirrels and go to the
camp?"
She was ten minutes fast by my
watch, but we were glad to find our
feet once more after six hours in the
saddle over the hot hills.
It was a beautiful spot on Ten Mile
Creek, between two high hills and hav
ing a broad sandy bar well sheltered
by oaks and manzanita and hazel
bushes. The water was so cool and
inviting no second invitation was
necessary for a swim, and after that
we made a fire and hnd hot coffee and
roast squirrels and then lay on the cool
sand and talked.
Clearer minded, fresher hearted,
more womanly girls I have never met.
They both are only too glad to have
the free life on the hills, hard though
it may be when winter storms, or there
are summer fires.
"But we don't work half as hard as
mamma does and are never tirclur
than men would be," said Oussie. "We
are so strong and are never sick."
Everything seemed all right for the
day on the range and we decided to
ride In to town for the mall and back
by the public road.
While Gussle was nailing more se
curely several planks on the bridge
which was on their portion of the high
way, she remarked that she could not
quite make out the run of the sheep
tracks where a drove of sheep had
gone by. Every gate we came to she
examined the ground and at last ex
claimed, decidedly: "I thought so.
A thrifty sheep drover has turned his
band into our range over night to save
the half a cent a head, which Jim
White charges for pasturing for a
GUSSIE DREW HER REVOLVER AND PUT THE WOUNDED SHEEP
OUT OF ITS MISERY.
night, and of course he would not hesi
tate to take any sheep of ours that
might happen to get mixed up with his
band."
That meant a round-up on the Lamn
range right away and a counting of
sheep to tell how many were missing.
So we hurried home to ask for an early
dinner. The best time to round up the
sheep is after 5 o'clock, as they begin
feeding toward night in the direction
of the sleeping grounds. They always
deep on top of a high hill and every
sheep in the same sand" bed every
night.
We ate our dinner and then went to
the top of the sleeping hill with the
first sheep. There were four of us.
Louise to the right, the Indian to the
left and Gussie and I in the rear, while
five dogs bunched the sheep. There
were 3600 sheep to drive into the home
corral and count. They don't easily
drive to the home corral if they can
help it, for they are afraid of shearing.
We drove the bleating, bobbing, dust
ralßing, wrath-provoking mass before
us.
a drawer the dealer lifted a revolver
and laid it near his right hand.
"I call you," said he, in a voice soft
and low, and without more ado the
Chalk Creek man reached for his gun.
Instantly Soapy was between them:
"O gentlemen, gentlemen!" said he.
The two men put away their guns, a
new dealer took the chair and the
game went on.
Soapy signed to the Texas man to ap
proach the bar: "Here's a hundred for
your week's work. Get a drink and a
cigar and take the trail to Texas."
"Why, what's up, Soapy?"
"Oh. nothing much, only if you're
here when that sucker goes broke he'll
kill you. He thinks you been robbln*
'im an' if you haven't you've been
crooked with me. an' in that case the
rules o' the house make It my duty to
put your light out m'self, see?"
A few minutes later a cigar went
burning along the trail that lay by the
banks of the Rio Grande.
That, in substance, was the story told
by the miner, verified by "Sapolio,"
and printed in the Morning Chronicle.
Later Soapy went traveling, and fa
vored the writer with some odd and in
teresting letters. The first came from
South America, nearly two years ago.
another from Havana and still another
from Juneau. I answered that one
and asked for the truth about the
Klondike, for I coujd rely upon what
Soapy said, and he answered from New
Orleans.
A few weeks later he walked Into the
The dogs worked well, and slowly
the sheep were going in the right direc
tion, till we reached a very steep,
rocky place, and it was all the dogs
could do to keep the sheep from going
back or down the valley. My horse had
been raised and grown old driving
sheep, and like an old warhorse he en
joyed the excitement, for Gussie said
let him have his head, and he paid little
attention to me in the helter-akelter
"buckaroing" over the loose stones on
the bare, steep hill, now up and now
down, but always heading the sheep.
When the gates were shut on the last
item of perversity it was quite dark,
and the girls left the wild cow to medi
tate till morning, for the Indian was
afraid to milk her. They petted her,
however.
I was nut sorry to quit, for I waa
tired and hungry, too, though I had al
ready eaten three very big meals, but
when Gussie said she was going to find
something to eat we all went quite nat
urally and anxiously into the kitchen
Mrs. Lamn is a small woman, and the
kitchen is small, but both looked
smaller with the two tall girls cooking
and getting things out for supper. They
are well up in housework, and move
about with a errace which only perfect
health and freedom can give.
Mrs. Lamn was anxious to know what
I thought of her girls, and I had noth
ing but admiration for them and the
system which kept them fair and pure
and healthy, and was so infinitely to be
preferred to work in the city shops.
"See me?" she said. "I am broken
down by hard work — woman's work. I
came here a young woman twenty
years ago, and for eighteen years I was
never off the place, scarcely out of
sight of the house. All of us women
do the same. We never get away be
cause there is no one to leave at home,
and the work must be done. That is
why so many farmer's wives go crazy;
it's the never-ending, monotonous
drudgery. I'm glad my girls can live
differently."
It seemed as if I had only just gone
to sleep when I was called to breakfast,
and after that the sheep were counted.
First they were all driven into one
corral and then run out one at a time
through a gate into another corral. The
girls stood one on each side of the gate
to count the sheep as they ran. One
sheep bore an M in a square for a
brand and proved beyond a doubt that
it belonged to the herd driven toward
Ukiah, which had pastured on the
Lamn ground the night before. A good
many sheep were missing.
"Never mind, I'll attend to that rov
ing sheep herder," said Gussie very de
terminedly. And after breakfast she
spurred off after him and her sheep.
That she might have trouble getting
the sheep from the droves or that she
ought to take a man along never
seemed to occur to any of the family.
I rode with her as far as Jim White's
and wished her success.
Two days after she came back with
her dogs driving about sixty sheep be
fore her. HELEN GREY.
office of a New York magazine in
which he had read many of my stories,
introduced himself and asked for me.
The next news I had of him was from
Skaguay, enclosing the following:
NOTICE.
TO THE SKAGUAY MILITARY
COMPANY.
Gents — A meeting was called for
the 22d, but has been postnoned
till Tuesday, the 29th of March,
1898. All members will be no fled
where to report. Resnectfully,
JEFF R. SMITH. Captain,
JOHN FOLEY, First Lieutenant.
It seemed to me that this thoughtful
ness on the part of a man who had
once stood for me at a killing, and of
fered to do it again, deserved a reply.
So I wrote him briefly, concluding:
"Write me when there is anything
that will make a story, and be sure to
wire me when they hang you, which
will doubtless occur during the coming
summer."
This letter probably never reached
him, as no wire came back.
On the 7th of June a miner lost a basr
of gold in "Jeff Smith's Parlors," at
Skaguay. The man made a noise
about it, the citizens got together.
Soapy got drunk and went out to fight
them all. Arriving at the place where
an indignation meeting was being
held, Soapy found five men guarding
the entrance. He rapned Frank Reid,
the City Engineer, over the head with
a rifle. Reid snapped his pistol at
Soapy and Soapy shot him in the groin.
Standing on < .ie foot Reid put three
bullets Into Soapy killing him in
stantly.
Soapy must have lived altogether
about forty years. He had made many
friends and about as many enemies.
He got his name, Soapy, because of a
quiet little business he used to drive in
Denver. He would take a number of
square bits of soap, wrap them in soft
paper, enclosing in some, (but not in
all) five, ten, twenty and fifty dollar
bills, then for a sum of money, fixed by
himself, he would allow a- y man in the
audience to guess which of the little
packages had money.
2324
"IT AIN'T A SIXPENCE,' 1 SAID THE BOY, "IT'S 'ARF 6 SOVRIN," AND TrjEY ALL
STORED IN AMAZEMENT.
TAINTT AIN'T no use waiting any longer," said Harry
Pilchard, looking over the side of the brig toward
the tower stairs. " 'E'a either waiting for th._'
none) or else Vs a spending of it. Who's coming
ashore?"
"Give 'im another five minutes. Harry," said
anothtr seaman persuasively, "it 'ud be uncommon
California's Cream of Tartar Industry Threatened,
THE clause in the recently ar
ranged reciprocity treaty with
France, whereby it is provided
that the duty established by the
Dingley bill of one and one-half
cents per pound upon crude bi
tartrate of potash testing above forty
per cent, and of one cent per pound
upon all testing below forty per cent,
shall be reduced to five per ad val
orem, threatens, if it is put into execu
tion, to seriously impair if not extin
guish an industry in this State which
has developed into prosperity through
the influence and operation of the traiff.
The business of producing cream of
tartar and tartaric acid exists in the
United States only in California. In
New York there are one or two refiner
ies for the working up of the crude
product which is imported from the
■wine-producing countries of Europe and
formerly also from California; but since
the adoption of the tariff the salt has
come to be made in California directly
from the raw material.
The industry is in many respects a
curious one, existing as it does upon the
waste product of another industry. Tar
taric acid is resident in many vegeta
bles, chief among which is the grape,
, 'My ideal man is temperate in all his habits and
particularly discreet in the use of intoxicants;
ambitious and persevering, and, last but not
least, a delightful entertainer."
MRS- LULU R. WEBB.
MAN to come up to my ideal should be possessed of
l\ sufficient magnetic force to attract and hold my con
\\ fidence in his ability and honor. He must be discreet
1 and not give his opinion of matters in such a way as
to embarrass or cause the slightest unpleasantness to
those about him. He must be charitable in thought and
action and capable of sympathizing with his fellow man,
and yet cnurageous to a degree that will enable him to
meet every emergency without fear and with a perfect
faith in his ability to overcome.
He must be honest, taking for h!s motto the old saying,
"my word is my bond," and carry this into his every-day
life so forcefully that his integrity would never be ques
tioned. I would want him cautious, yet not suspicious and
doubting. He must not assume virtues he does not possess,
neither should he look upon every w an as a possible con
quest — such men, in my opinion, are most detestable and
far from my ideal. Yet a little conceit is admirable — just
enough to bring his good qualities to the surface, no further.
He should be well Informed on the topics of the day and
fully able to grasp their importance as they relate to affairs
either political or of every-day life. He should be neat in
dress and even though not wearing the most fashionable
clothes there should be a general air of genuiity and tidi
ness about him. I would have him liberal in his opinions
and generous In his criticisms of the faults of others. He
should be of good physique, an athlete to the extent of the
careful development of muscle and limbs, and strong yet
gentle in his manner toward the opposite sex.
My ideal man would be temperate in all his habits, and
particularly discreet in the use of intoxicants. He should
be ambitious and persevering in business and last, but not
least, a delightful entertainer. Such a nan as I have de
scribed may be hard to find, but in my opinion he would be
the average woman's ideal hero.
MRS. LULU R. WEBB.
'arc! on 'Im if 'c come aboard and then 'ad to go an' get
anothfr ship's crew to 'elp 'im celebrate it."
" 'Ard on us. too." said the cook, honestly.
"There he is."
The .>ther glanced up at a figure waving to them from
the stairs. " E wnnts the boat." he said, moving aft.
"No. 'c don't, Steve," piped the boy. " 'E's waving you
and in California it is rescued solely
from the offal of the wineries. All that
scum which, rising upon the surface of
the wine by the fermenting of the fluid,
gathers upon the sides of the casks, is
exceedingly rich in the acid, containing
sometimes as high as forty per cent of
that chemical. All this stuff, together
with the lees of the wine— in short, all
sediments and accumulations about the
wine tuns and presses, as well as all
pomace and hulls of thegrapes, residue
from the pressing out of the wine — Is
bought from the winemake'rs. to whom
is annually paid about $60,000 for this
substance, which, before the introduc
tion of the tartar factories, was allowed
to go to waste.
It brings about $1 per ton, accord
ing to the character of the refuse, and
the cost of hauling to the tartar fac
tory is paid by the latter. Each of the
five several factories which constitute
the industry are located in a wine cen
ter of the State, and during the wine
making season the scene of the activi
ties presented in teaming between the
factory and the several presses is a
very stimulating one. One firm engaged
in the business, which, however, owns
several of the factories, employs in the
height of th< % season an average of one
hundred teamsters. The factories are
severally at San Jose, Healdsburg,
Fresno, St. Helena and Napa, and the
sum invested in each is about twenty
flv^ thousand dollars.
MY IDEAL MAN
'My ideal quality ir; rr)an, first, last arjd all the time ,
is strength. Thje body of the athlete, the cour
age of the soldier, the strong soul of the roartyr.
the braiQ of the sage and the heart of a child."
NELLIE FONTAINE BINCKLEY.
• • •
I * /HAT 1b my Idea of the ideal man. I suppose that
ill mPans a Perfect man. Dear me, Is there such a
VJL/ thing?
and there are other men perfect mentally and
morally, but a man perfect in all points — well, there may be
such, but I doubt it.
And if there 1b one what an insufferable prig he must be!
Such a paragon could not fail to be keenly aware of his
perfections. I hope I may never meet him.
How unintere6ting and sour tedious perfection is,
after all.
"Faultily faultless, icily regular, splendidly well — dead
perfection, no more."
I freely admit that perfection does not appeal to me
very strongly. The glory and wonder of the Greek archi
tecture awaken my awe and admiration, but I should not
enjoy living in the beautiful rectangularity of a Grecian
villa half as much as in one of those quaint Gothic houses,
full of unexpected nooks and corners and fascinating oddi
ties and irregularities. It is more human and lovable. And
doubtless the ideal man. should I meet him in the flesh,
would not interest me half as much as some nice fellow
with a few slight imperfections to add flavor to him.
What do I consider the most desirable qualities in a man?
As to beauty, that is of no importance. Given a good
figure, brains and heart, it matters little what sort of face
a man has. NELLIE FONTAINE BINCKLEY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
When the stuff is brought to the tar
tar factory it is first put under a hy
draulic press and all the juice squeezed
out of it. That which thus comes away
from the mass is wine. It is not a very
high quality of wine, to be sure, but
clarified and worked over it makes a
beverage which the patrons of the
cheap restaurants sip and smack their
tips at and the poorer class o£ wine
drinkers generally quaff and find ex
hilarating. What »a not put upon the
market as wine is distilled into brandy,
and no inconsiderable portion of Cali
fornia's output of this product is fur
nished by this seepage from the lees.
The tartar pomace, squeezed as much
as possible, is then spread out in the
sun to dry and perhaps to take on an
additional character by thorough oxi
dization. When thus exhausted of its
moisture the substance is put into great
vats, where it is stirred with hot water.
White clay and bo?ip black is intro
duced and the boiling process continued
until the coloring matter in the liquid
precipitates and there is left a clear
fluid, which upon being filtered and
coo-led will generate crystals, semi
transparent, rhomboidal in their prisms,
which gather partially in the bottom
and partially on the surface like cream,
from which manner of forming the
product takes it? name. These crystals
when ground into a powder form the
cream of tartar of commerce.
There is about half a million of
pounds of cream of tartar produced in
BY FOUR PROMINENT WOMAN ARTISTS.
Physically there are perfect men, without doubt,
THE MONEY CHANGERS
not to. He's coming in the Waterman s sKiff. llf ,. an
"Ha! Same old tale," said the seaman, wisely. Chap
comes in for a bit o' money and begins to waste it directly.
There's threepence gone; clean chucked away, .look at
S^K&SS all right," said the coo* , "there's
no doubt about that. Why 'c looks 'art as large again as
>c " The 'criw^enfoVer the side as the -klff approach^
and the fare who had been leaning back in the .stern with
a severely important air rose slowly and felt in nis.trou
"^fiStf Sixpence for you, my lad," he said, pompously.
"Never mind about the change." o .of mftn with
"All right, old slack-breeches," said ( the waterman wltn
effusive good-fellowship, "up you get. _ ,• , -__„ on
Three pairs of hands assisted ■ the offendea ■ fare - on
board, and the boy hovering around him slapped his legs
Wot are you up to?" demanded Mr. Samuel Dodds, A.
8., turning on him. , ... , „ . , mKl , r
"On'y dusting you down, Sam," sad the boy humbly
"You got the money all right, I s'pose, Sammy, said
Steve Martin. no.lded and slapped his l-reast P°cket.
Mr. Dodds nolded an«l Hlapped tla breast Pocket.
"Right as ninepence," he replied genially. I% c been
with my lawyer all the arternoon, pretty near. Es a nice
' c " 6w much is it: Sam?" inquired Pilchard eagerly.
"One •undred and seventy-three pun seventeen shillings
and ten pence." said the heir, noticing with much pleasure
the effect of his announcement. _■■■ ♦„_«,«,
"Say it again, Sam," said Pilchard, in awed tones
Mr. Dodds. with a happy laugh, obliged him. If you 11
all come down the foc'sle." he continued, ' I ye got a bun
dle of cigars an' a drop o' something short in my pocket
"Let's 'aye a look at the money, Sam," said Pilchard,
when the cigars were alight. ( ye
Mr. Dodds laughed 'and producing a small can
vas bag from his pocket, dusted t the table with his big
palm and spread out a roll of bank notes and a little pile
Of gold and silver. It was an impressive sight and the
cook breathed so hard that one note fluttered off the table.
Three men dived to recover it. while Sam alive- for the
.first time to the responsibilities of wealth, anxiously
watched the remainder of his capital.
"There's something for you to buy sweets with, my
lad," he said, restored to good humor as the note was re-
Pla He passed over a small coin and regarded with tolerant
good, humor the extravagant manifestation of Joy on the
part of the youth which followed He capered joyously for
a minute or two, and then taking it t& the foot of the
steps/where the light was better, bit it ecstatically.
"How much is it?" inquired the wondering Steve, "you
do chuck your money about. Sam." ■-,„«„♦ '«• .*
"On'y sixpence," said Sam, laughing. "I expect If it
•ad been a shilling it 'ud ha' turned his brain. . .: . ■
"It ain't a sixpence," said the boy, indignantly. "It's
ar« Arf UV wot?" exclaimed Mr. Dodds with a sudden
change of manner. repeated the boy with nervous rapid
" Arf a suvri'n." repeated the boy with nervous rapid
ltv "and thank you very much. Sam. for your generosity.
If" everybody was like you we should all be the better for
it The world 'ud be a different place to live in, conclud
ed the youthful philosopher.
Mr Dodds 1 face under these fulsome praises was a
study in conflicting emotions. "Well, don't waste It." he
said at length, and hastily gathering up the remainder,
stowed it away in the bag.
"Wot are you going to do with it all, Sam?" inquired
r> a'in't made up my mind yet." said Mr. Dodds, delib
erately. "I 'aye thought of 'ouse property."
"I don't mean that," said the other. "I mean wot are
you going to do with it now, to take care of it?"
California annually, and it sells for
about 20 cents per pound, so that the
industry is worth to the State about
$100,000 per year. That which is made
here is consumed on this coast, and
though some attempts have been made
to enter the Eastern markets by ship
] ping thither the refined product, yet
i this, because ut the high freight rates,
being about 1 cent per pound, has been
found to be unprofitable. It was the
; purpose of several engaged in the in
; dustry, however, to again make the at
i tempt to invade the Eastern markets if
j the tariff was maintained, but its elimi
i nation will put an end to such anticipa
tions. The material is used in materia
medica, principally for the compound
ing of peidlitz pnwders, in which it is
employed in connection \vjth the bi
carbonate of soda. But the chief use
which it serves is in the manufacture
of baking powders, and this requires
perhaps twenty of the twenty-five mil
lion pounds annually bought In the
United States.
Another product of the tartar factory
is tartaric acid, widely used In the
manufacture of acid drinks, which one
so often buys under the impression
that he is purchasing a product of
lemons. It is extensively employed also
as a drug and makes many combina
tions such as the tartrate of potash,
tartrate of antimony, tartar emetic and
such. In securing this the tartrate of
lime, secured by the precipitation of the
clay which is added to the boiling fluid,
1b treated with sulphuric acid; this
causes the lime to separate, and the
fluid which remains will, when cooled,
deposit the crystals of tartaric acid.
"My ideal must be a man of honor in every particu
lar; Kind-hearted, generous, decided and firm,
but not to overbearing; temperate, and his re
ligious precepts rr>ust at least include the rule;
' Do unto others cs you would be done by.' "
SUSAN SROUFE LOOSLEY.
SHE ideal man, is there one? I suppose that we all
have our ideals, but to bring these myths down to
actualities that's another matter. I think that every
girl in her teens, perhaps younger, I don't know, has
her ideal, a sort of a hero, but as she grows older
and becomes better informed these ideas — well if they don't
vanish altogether they materially - hange.
As the young bud becomes more familiar with the frail
ties of mankind ideals gradually but none the less surely
fade away and of the original myth nothing remains but
an every-day homely sort of a fellow.
What girl in forming her ideal does not endow him with
great personal beauty, only to find later in life that her
ideal, in the flesh, is not so handsome after all. Thus it is
that one attribute after another of the girl's ideal either
fades away completely or becomes greatly modified as she
becomes wiser. No doubt many women still retain a sort
bf visionary ideal whom they would like \o meet, but the
practical woman has long since laid her ideal aside.
My ideal must be a man of honor in every particular;
kind hearted to the degree that he is mindful of the com
fort of those about him; generous, decided and firm, but
not to the extent of overbearing; he must be temperate
In habits, but not necessarily a total abstainer from liquors
or tobacco. His religious precepts must at least include the
rule "do unto others as you would be done by."
In the drawing submitted in this connection I must ad
mit that the face is that of my father, whose features I
consider about as near my ideal as I expect to find in th»
flesh. MRS. SUSAN SROUFE LOOSLEY.
Stor,y of a Sailop's Legacy.
"Wny, ke?p it in my pocket," said Sam, staring.
"Well, if I was you," said Harry, impressively, "I
should ask the skipper to take care of it for me. You
know wot you are when you're a bit on, Sam."
"Wot dyer mean?" demanded Mr. Dodds, hotly.
"I mean," said Harry, hastily, "that you've got sich a
generous nature that when you've 'ad a glass or two
you're just an likely as not to give it away to somebody."
"I know what I'm about," said Mr. Dortds, with convic
tion. "I'm not goin' to get on while I've got this about
me. I'm just goin' 'round to the 'Bull's Head,' but I
shan't drink anything to speak of myself. Anybody that
likes to come to 'aye something at my expense is wel
come."
A flattering murmur, which was music to Mr. Dodds'
ears, arose from his shipmates as they went on deck and
hauled the boat alongside. The boy was first in her, and.
pulling out his pocket handkerchief, ostentatiously wiped
a seat down for Mr. Dodds.
"Understand." said that gentleman, with whom the af
fair of the half-sovereign still rankled, "your drink is
shandy-gaff."
They returned to the brig at 11 o'clock, Mr. Dodds slum
bering peacefully in the stern of the boat, propped up on
either side by Steve and the boy. His sleep was so pro
found ihat he declined to be aroused and was hoisted over
the side with infinite difficulty and no little risk by his
shipmates.
"Look at Mm," said Harry, as they lowered him down
the forecastle. "What 'ud ha" become of Mm if we hadn't
been with Mm? Where would Ms money ha" been?"
"He'll lose it as sure as eggs is heggs." said Steve, re
garding him Intently. "Bear a hand to lift Mm in his bunk,
Harry.
Harry complied, their task being rendered somewhat
difficult by a slight return of consciousness in Mr. Dodds'
lower limbs, which, spreading themselves out fanwise, de
fied all attempts to pack them in the bunk.
"Let 'em hang out then," said Harry, savagely, wiping
a little mud from his face. "Fancy that coming in for a
fortin."
" "E won't 'aye it long." said the cook, shaking his head.
"Wot 'c wants is a shock," said Harry. " 'Ow'd it be
when 'c wakes up to tell Mm he's lost all Ms money?"
"Wot's the good o' telling Mm?" demanded the cook,
"when 'c's got it in his pockets?"
"Well, let's take it out," said Pilchard. "I'll hide it un
der my piller. and let Mm think he's 'ad his pocket picked."
"I won't 'aye nothing to do with it," said Steve, per
emptorily. "I don't believe in sich games."
"Wot do you think, cook?" inquired Harry.
"I don't see nc 'arm In It." said the cook slowly, "the
fright might do Mm good, p'raps."
"It might be the saving of Mm," said Harry. He leaned
over the sleeping seaman, and gently inserting his fingers
in his breast pocket, drew out the canvas bag, "There it is
chaps," he said gayly. "an" I'll give Mm sich a fright in the
morning as 'c won't forget in a 'urry."
He retired to his bunk and. placing the bag under his
pillow, was soon fast asleep. The other men followed his
example, and Stev-; extinguishing the lamp, the forecastle
surrendered Itself to sleep.
At 5 o'clock they were awakened by the voice of Mr.
Dodds. It was a broken, disconnected sort of voice at first,
like to that of a man talking In his sleep, but as Mr.
Dodds' head cleared his ideas cleared with it, and in
strong, forcible language straight from the heart he con
signed the eyes and limbs of some person or persons un
known to every variety of torment, after which, in a voice
broken with emotion, he addressed himself in terms of
heartbreaking sympathy.
"Shut up, Sam. said Harry. In a sleepy voice. "Why
can't you go to sleep?"
"Sleep be d— d." said Mr. Dodds tearfully, "I've lorst
all my money."
"You're dreamin'," said Harry, lightly; "pinch your
self."
Odd Events That Sent Jack Dafton to Afasfta and Fortune
DO I know Jack Dalton? Very
well indeed!"
So spoke Charles Probasco of
Pendleton, Or., last evening at
the Baldwin in the course of a
talk about Alaska. He continued:
"The Dalton trail in Alaska, named
in honor of Jack, who traveled that
pathway to the Yukon gold fields and
eventually made it a popular route,
will keep alive his name long after he
has crossed the divide into the un
known. Dalton is a man with a his
tory and much of it has been published.
But let me tell you a chapter in his
career which has not yet found its way
into print.
"Dalton owes his fame and fortune to
a Deputy Sheriff of Umatilla County,
up in Oregon. But before I relate this
episode in his career that sent him to
Alaska I'll give you some incidents that
led up to it. Dalton's right name is
Miller. While he was in Eastern Ore
gon he was for a time employed .by
Hank Vaughan, an all-round sport and
sometimes a 'holy terror.' and later he
was in the employ of John Devine, the
cattle king of Harney County.
"In December, ISB4, I was in the little
town of Burns, county seat of Harney
County, and headquarters for the cow
boys.
"I was an eye-witness to the tragedy
in which Jack Miller, now known as
Dalton, shot and killed Matt Egan. It
was on Christmas night. At that time
Burns boasted of quite a number of
noted gunfighters. Among them were
Tom and Bill Viccors. These brother
desperadoes and Matt Egan had been
celebrating Christmas eve and when
fully cocked and primed for a fight
they began hunting for one. They soon
found it.
"Coming' out of Robinson's saloon the
drunken trio staggered up against an
old man, and without the slightest
provocation Bill Viccors struck him,
landing him on his back in the street.
Just at that time Jack Miller happened
along and witnessed the brutal and un
called-for act. He ran to the old man's
assistance and helped him to his feet,
leading him back to the sidewalk. Mil
ler, with a laugh, which is character
istic of him when fully aroused to an
ger, said in an assuring tone, 'Old man,
no one shall touch you while I am here.'
"Miller drew his revolver and clench
ing it tightly by the butt with his left
hand, turned to Bill Viccors and coolly
said to him, "That was a damned cow
ardly trick.'
"Viccors did not reply, and as he did
not show any fight Miller turned and
walked away.
" 'Bill. I'll fix that d d pup before
he leaves this town," said Egan to
Viccors.
"The threat was overheard by a man
'He must be strong-featured and noble-minded
with such a regal physique that one might say
were he not a man Jje might have been a lion."
MISS MINNIE JORDAN.
OUR ideals are formed, I think, from the best that we
know of the real — mental composites of such features
and qualities that we find most worthy in our ac
quaintance. Those who live among the noblept men
and women have higher standards than others who
walk in lower spheres. With some the ideal attains phy
sical perfection, others only admire mental capacities and
some few find the highest beauty in moral virtues.
To my mind the ideal man may be positively ugly, so far
as facial beauty is concerned, but I insist upon three things
— he must be strong-featured and noble-minded, with such
a regal physique that one might say were he not a man
he might have been a lion. MISS MINNIE JORDAN
ETHICS OF THE BURGLARY BUSINESS
Judge (to the prisoner's wife)— So you took part also in the
burglary at the young ladies' seminary?
Wife— Of course! Would your wife allow you to break into
& young ladies' seminary aion*.
Mr Dodds who had a little breath left and a few words
still comparatively fresh., bestowed them upon him
"i tell you you haven't lorst it, said Harry. "Don't
you remember giving it to that red-haired woman with
ba "VVof" said the astounded Mr. Dodds.
•■Ynu '<-ive it to 'er and told 'er to buy the baby a bun
with it "continued the veracious Mr Pilchard.
"Told 'er to buy the baby a bun with it." repeated Mr.
Dodds in a dazed voice; "told 'er to- Wot did you let me
do it for? Wot was all you chaps standln' by an' doln' to
let "We dfd'arsk you not to," said Steve, joining in the con-
finding language utterly useless to ' express
his burning thoughts, sat down and madly smashed at the
to let me do it?" he demanded at
length of the" boy. "You ungrateful littte toad. You can
gU "I 1 sakl the "i" follow, d yn-:r example and
give it to the red-aired woman to buy the baby another
There was a buzzing noise in Mr. Dodds' head and the
bunks and their grinning occupants went round and round.
" "Ere 'old up Sam," said Pilchard, shaking him In
alarm. "It's all right; don't be a fool. I've got tha
money."
Sam stared at him blankly.
"I've got the money." repeated the seaman.
Mr. Dodds' color came back.
"How'd you get it?" he inquired.
"1 -ook it out of your pock.-t last night just to give you
a lesson," said Harry severely. "Don't you never be so
silly i?in. Sam."
"Gimme my money," said Mr. Dodds, glaring at him.
"You ."night ha' lorst it, you see. Sam," continued his
benefactor. "If I could take it anybody else could. Let
this ue a lesson to you."
"If you don't gimme my money—" began Sam, vio
lently.
"It's no use tryln" to do "im a kindness," said Harry to
the others, as he turned to his bunk. "He can go an' lose
it for all I care."
He put his hand in his bunk, and then, with a sudden
exclamation, searched somewhat hastily among the
bedding. Mr. Dodds, watching him with a scowl, saw
him take every article separately out of his bunk and
then sink down appalled on the locker.
"You've took it, Sam — ain't— you?" he gasped.
"Look 'ere." said Mr. Dodds with ominous quietness,
"when you've done your little game."
"It's "gone," said Harry in a scared voice, "somebody' 3
taken it."
"Look ere, 'Arry, give 'im his money," said Steve, im
patiently. "A joke's a joke, but we don't stand too much
of it."
"I ain't got it." said Harry, trembling. "Sure as I
stand 'ere it's gone. I took it out of your pocket and put
it under my piller. You saw me, didn't you, Steve?"
"Yes, and I told you not to," said Steve. "Let this be
a warning to you not to try and teacltt lessons to people
wot don't want 'em."
"I'm going to the police station to give 'Im in charge."
said Mr. Dodds. fiercely. "That's wet I'm g^in' to do."
"For the Lord's sake don't do that, Sam," said Pil
chard, clutching him by the coat.
" Arry aln'tmade away with it, Sam," said Steve. "I
pnw somebody take it out of his bunk while he was
asleep."
"Why didr't you stop him?" cried Harry, starting up.
"I didn't like to interfere," said Steve, simply, "but I
saw where he went to."
"Where?" demanded Mr. Dodds. wildly. "Where?"
"He went straight up on deck," said' Steve, slowly,
"wnlkod aft. and then down into the cabin. The skipper
woke up, and I heard 'im say something to him."
"Say something to 'im?" repeated the bewildered
Dodds. "Wot was it?"
"Well. I 'ordly like to repeat it." said Steve, hesitating.
"Wot was it?" roared th<* overwrought Mr. Dodds
"Well. I 'card this chap say something." said Steve,
slowly, "and then I heard the skipper's voice. But I don't
like to repeat wot 'c said. I reely don't."
"Wot was It?" roared Mr. Dodds, approaching him
with clenched fists.
"Well, if you will have it." said Steve, with a little
cough, the old man said to me. 'Well done Steve ' ho
ses; 'you're the only sensible man of the whole billng lot.
Sam's a fool ' c ses. 'and 'Arry's worse, an' if it wasn't
for men like you, Steve, life wouldn't be worth living ' "
W. W. JACOBS.
Copyrighted, IS9B.
who informed Miller and at the same
time warned him to be on his guard.
Although Egan was known to be a des
perate and determined ruffian, and
meant fight when he said so, Miller
made no effort to avoid him.
"The next evening— Christmas night—
Miller started to leave town on his
horse to go out to Pete Clement's placf.
where he was staying. Egan, who had
been bracing up on liquor all day and
had been 'laying for' Miller with the
intention of 'doing him up,' stepped up
in front of him, and, drawing his re
volver, said, 'This thing has got to be
settled now, and you or I must die
right here.'
"Quick as a flash of lightning Miller
slid off his horse, and, with his weapon
in his right hand, rushed forward and
with the left hand grabbed Egan by
the right wrist, raising it as high as he
could push it. Egan pulled the trigger
of his revolver, but the bullet passed
over Miller's head^
"Miller retained his hold of Euan's
wrist, and while in this position shot
him three times. Egan fell to the
ground a dead man. With his revolver
still pointed at the prostrate form of
the desperado, Miller stood and eyed
him for fully half a minute, and, be
ing convinced that Matt Egan had
made his last gun play, said, 'I guess
you will lay quiet now.'
"Then he placed his smoking re
volver in his belt and coolly walked
away, and a few minutes later surren
dered himself to the authorities.
"I never saw a man less excited un
der such circumstances than Miller
was. His exhibition of nerve was
simply marvelous. Bill Viccors, fn
whose cause Egan had given up his
life, was afterward killed in a desper
ate fight with a Sheriff's posse.
"Miller of course was cleared on the
ground of self-defense. After his trial
he went to Umatilla County, making
his headquarters at Pendleton. A year
later he returned to Burns with a finely
matched team of horses, which he
claimed he had bought. But «.ne day in
February, 1886, Al Vogel, a Deputy
Sheriff from Umatilla County, arrived
in Burns with an official document inti
mating under oath that those sorrels
belonged to Rube Wilson of Pendleton,
and that they had been stolen. Miller
was pointed out to Deputy Sheriff Vo
gel. He was unloading a wagon in
front of a store. The officer aware of
the determined nature of the man hesi
tated for some time about interviewing
him as to the horse question. Mean
time Miller was informed of the ob- ■
ject of the officer's visit, and not car
in<r to make any explanation at that
time, jumped into a wagon and drove
rapidly away. Stopping at a house
where his wife was staying he hastily
armed himself with a Winchester rifle,
a revolver and ammunition. Vogel,
with a posse, was soon in hot pursuit,
and was gradually gaining on the fu
gitive. Finally Miller, seeing that he
would soon be overtaken, suddenly
d-r^ed into the sage brush, and sought
refuge in a dry slough which for a time
protected him from the fire of his pur
surers. Several shots were exchanged.
"At last Miller, convinced that he
must either surrender or make a bold
stand and fight it out, suddenly turned
on the posse ar.d opened fire on them.
Facing thebusinessendof Jack Miller's
repeating rille was something that they
couldn't stand very long, and they soon
gave up the fight and fell back. Miller
escaped to the house of a friend, where
he secured a horse, and getting safely
out of the country skipped' for Alaska
soon after.
"Jack Miller after reaching Alaska
became metamorphosed into Jack Dal
ton, and under the latter name he has
became famous. Mr. Jack Ealton pros
pered in Alaska. He has become prom
! inent, wealthy and influential. He has
: large interests in different extensive
business enterprises, including some big
mining ventures. He now comes and
goes through Oregon a much respected
man. and no longer has any fear of
Deputy Sheriffs. That old horse deal
has either been forgotten or else it has
been squared. Quite likely the latter.
"Dalton is about 41 years of age. He
is well built from the ground up, is of
the average height, is broad shoulder
ed and weighs about 160 pounds. His
clear, steel-gray eyes and clean cut
features indicate frankness, as well as
bravery and determination, while his
general makeup and appearance stamp
him as a. man of remarkable activity
and endurance. He Is undoubtedly a
rood man to have as a friend, and if
he is your enemy it is well to let him
alone. He is a man of few words."
Every soldier knows that a horse will
not step on a man intentionally. It 1b
a standing order m the cavalry that If
a trooper becomea dismounted he must
lie still. If he does this the whole
squa-dron will pass over him without
doing him injury.NEARLY 3000 dead kangaroos..
That was our score at the last
kangaroo drive in which I par
ticipated just before I left Aus
tralia a few weeks ago. As far
as I could learn this was the
gr. atest number ever killed in a single
day in the history of the country. Us
unlly when about 500 are killed it is
considered a pretty grood day's work,
and when over a thousand are put to
death it is almost a national event. So
you can imagine how we felt when we
counted the results A the day.
And what a glorious day's shooting
it was.
In the whole realm of sport there are
probably few pastimes that offer so
wile a field for the perfect gratifica
tion of one's sporting instincts as a
kangaroo '•drive" conducted under
w^ll appointed auspices. Of course
there is not the same element of dan
ger In confronting the long legged den
izen of the Australian forest as there
is in following the trail of a grizzly;
but the fun is faster and more furious
and the exciting incidents more con
stant than Is the case.* ordinarily, in
the pursuit of other game.
The harmless looking kangaroo is
one of the national pests of the Anti
podes. He is rated with the native
dog, the hare and rabbit, the English
fox (transplanted here), all of which,
including the kangaroo, are especially
honored by being named in an act of
SOLDIERS DIE OF HOMESICKNESS.
TWO deaths from nostalgia, or
homesickness, in the American
army at Santiago have been re
ported by General Shafter to the
War Department. Both of these
cases, remarkable to say, occurred in
the same regiment, the Second Massa
chusetts Volunteers. We presume that
the diagnosis in these cases was care
fully and accurately made by the mili
tary surgeons, yet we should like more
light on this Interesting and important
study.
The daily reports show that the
troops at Santiago are suffering much
from the climate and various Infections,
especially typhoid, malarial and yellow
re, and this fact should remind us
that the profound psychoses are not
infrequently associated with or caused
by some form of infection. Typhoid
and malaria] puisons especially have
been noted in this role, and so true is
this that in order to arrive at a strictly
scientific diagnosis it would be well to
be sure whether any obscure form of
either of these diseases is present in
such eases.
The fact that two cases occurred in
the same regiment points possibly also
to the influence of imitation or sug
gestion. In all the psychoses, especially
hysteria and the mild forms of insanity,
this factor is now well known to be
sometimes active. We need only recall
the cases of folie communique that
have been put on record. In these in
stances a mental disease has been
known to be communicated from a pa
tient to another highly susceptible per-
Bon In one instance three sisters were
involved, the first having imposed her
delusions upon the Others. Epidemics
of hysteria are too well known to need
more than mention.
The fact, however, that the two cases
IB the army at Santiago were so rap
idly fatal can probably only be explained
on the theory that the patients were
possibly much reduced physically by
exposure and infection. The mere sep
aration from home on what promised
to he but a short military expedition
hardly seems sufficient in itself to have
caused such untoward results. The
cane is different with the poor emigrant
who feels that all the home ties are
BIGGEST KANGAROO DRIVE
OF THE YEAR -In Australia-
the Australian Parliament, designed to
secure their extermination. That act
is known as "The Noxious Animals
Destruction Act," and under its pro
visions an internecine war is ruthless
ly waged all the year round against
these depredators.
The sole offense of the kangaroo is
that he eats too much grass. The rab
bit is a like offender and in teeming
millions eat off the young pasture in
the springtime, like the recorded
plague of locusts, leaving vast areas of
pastoral lands nothing but a panorama
of desolation. A kangaroo will eat as
much as a sheep and will drink a good
deal more water, and water is exceed
ingly valuable in the dry season. Were
they not killed off the country' would
be valueless in a few years. Hundreds
of thousands must be put to death
every year and the expense of this is
quite an item to the settlers.
For these reasons the destruction of
the kangaroo is not a mere matter of
sport to the lordly settler, but a matter
of self-defense. The state comes to
the settlers' aid, partially and indirect
ly, by paying so much per dozen for
kangaroo scalps, and for hares and
rabbits' ears. This reward furnishes
sufficient inducement to a very numer
ous band of persons to devote all their
energies to the capture of scalps and
ears.
The most effective engine of destruc
tion and the one that is th'nning the
ranks of the kangaroo almost to the
roint of extermination Is the famous
kangaroo "drive." This moans of de
stroying the pest is universally adopted
hopelessly severed.
Nostalgia, or homesickness, Is merely
a form of melancholia. As in all the In
sanities, more than one factor usually
acts as a cause — hence the necessity for
knowing the heredity and antecedents
of the patient. The enforced absence
from home may simply act as an excit
ing cause; there may be far deeper
seated causes, such as grave constitu
tional defects, that act as the real basis
for the disease. This is especially true
in cases in which the reason is perma
nently lost or life itself sacrificed. Some
races, or peoples, are supposed to be es
pecially liable to this disease: the in
habitants of mountainous countries,
for instance, are said to suffer unduly.
Hence the Swiss are said to furnish
many examples. So also rustics are
more prone to suffer than the inhabit
ants of towns.
The observation of nostalgia among
soldiers is by no means new or recent.
Baron Larrey, the eminent military
surgeon of the Napoleonic wars, wrote
on this subject in his surgical memoirs.
In our own country observations were
made in the late Civil War. Calhoun
wrote on nostalgia as a disease of field
service, and Jeters noted this affection
as among the evils of youthful enlist
ments.
It is a remarkable fact that the some
what extensive literature of nostalgia
is almost entirely French. Many mono
graphs have been written In that lan
guage on this subject. Tho American,
English and even German literature is
comparatively meager. This will seem
to be a proof to some readers that the
Froiirh have more of the "mal dv pays"
than other nations haye — Just as they
.ire snld to have more of the other psy
choses. But to our mind it is rather an
indication that they have greater liter
ary activity among the curiosities of
medicino. __ __^________
JANE CAKEBREAD'S
DYING DELUSIONS
JANE CAKEBREAD has been fre
quently written up in the penny
dreadfuls as "the most wicked wo
man in England." The other day
the report spread about low side
London that she was dying, and Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
In the colonies and besides fulfilling the
object of Its originators in decimating
the immense mobs of the squatter's
arch enemy it supplies a splendid day's
sport to all lovers of the gun. The
method is fashioned on very similar
lines to the great "rabbit drives" held
In the San Joaquin Valley. The kan
garoo drives though are far more ex
citing and sportsmanlike.
These drives are of frequent occur
rence, and In some parts of the colonies
of New South Wales and Queensland
It is quite possible to be present at an
organized drive at least once a week.
Of course these drives seldom yield any
large numbor of kangaroos. For thope
one must go to the outlying districts,
where drives are not frequent.
The last drive in which I participated
■was in a locality that cost me two days
to reach. There had been no previous
drive over the land for six months and
kangaroos were so thick that dozens of
them were always In sight as we rode
along the highway. The country, con
eequently, was as bare of vegetation as
if the blight had struck it.
To get up a drive like the one pro
posed was a big undertaking for the
settlers. There were nearly a hundred
knights of the trigger present and
about two hundred beaters or drivers.
The place of meeting was at the hos
pitable homestead of a wealthy settler,
famous for his success in entertaining
his visitors on such occasions. The un
dertaking was costly for it Involved the
filling of 300 hungry stomachs at an
al fresco lunch in the forest.
Early in the morning all hands met
at the settler's homestead. At a given
signal the whole cavalcade moved off
in the direction of the haunts of the
kangaroo.
At a certain point the shooters, armed
with shotguns, dismount and take up
their positions at the direction cf the
captain. This is in as nearly a straight
line as possible, the men standing about
seventy yards apart. I was fortunately
given a position that commanded a
good view of the entire country. Hav
ing stationed me the captain told me to
remain there and await results.
The drivers meanwhile separated
themselves from the shooting contin
gent, moved toward the feeding
grounds of the marsupial and there
arranged themselves in semi-circular
form at from fifty to one hundred
yards apart. By yells and shouts and
a running fire of stockwhips they turn
the place for the time being into a veri
table pandemonium, and animals of
every kind located within the? sphere
covered by the drivers fly in aU direc
tions. But the men on the extreme
Thomas Holmes (Church of England
Temperance Society's Police Court
missionary) hastened to visit her. He
found her only a shadow of her former
self— eyes dim, mind wandering, but
still with a little of the old vigor which
so often brought her into the hands of
the police.
Events pass so quickly that it may
be necessary to tell some that Jane
Cakebread holds the record of appear
ances before metropolitan magistrates
on charges of drunkenness and disor
derly conduct. Her total appearances
were nearly 300, and she was never out
of prison for more than a day or so at
a time for about fifteen years. Lady
Henry Somerset very kindly took her
in hand and put her in one of her
homes at Reigate; but one day Jane
wandered beyond her boundary, found
a public house, and fell. She never
took a great quantity of drink; but a
few glasses had their effect, and the
sight of a policeman in uniform put
her on her mettle. She always gave
her age as 62, and was proud of her
memory of titled and other people she
had known. But now her memory is
failing; her delusions as to being heir
ess to a great fortune has vanished
and she imagines that she Is in the
Claybury Asylum for the purpose of
protecting the other inmates.
If she hears a cry from any of them
she starts up and attempts to leave her
bed, but falls back exhausted. Strange
ly enough, she did not recognize the
face or voice of the missionary. She
said: "No, you are not Mr. Holmes.
He promised to take me out of here."
She rambles incoherently in praise of
Lady Henry Somerset and Mr. Lane,
Q. C, the stipendiary magistrate. The
doctors say her end is near.
The value of the electric light as a
saver of time and money is strikingly
illustrated in the average time occu
pied by ships in passing through the
Suez canal. With the electric light
the Journey is accomplished in eight
minutes under twenty hours. Without
the light thirty-one hours and twenty
four minutes is the time usually re
qvlred.
Every one must do Just so much
weeping: those who are spanked often
est when young have least cause for
crying when grown up.
right and left wings usually contrive,
to keep the frightened game within
bounds and thus they rush on to the
ambuscade in front of them.
After I had taken up my position I
had not long to wait in order to gratify
my sporting Instincts.
First came a hare toward me, rush
ing like the wind. But I let him go by
and also a number of others. The
movement of these animals was a clear
indication that the big game had begun
to move and I stood ready with both
barrels of my gun "cocked."
Almost before I could realize it I saw
a big kangaroo jumping toward me.
He came like a cyclone, easily covering
from 15 to 20 feet at every leap.
Bang!
But my first shot missed.
Then I took careful aim with the
other barrel and pulled the trigger just
as he was in front of me. The shot
caught him in a vital spot and over he
rolled and lay dead.
Before I could load again I was fair
ly surrounded with frightened kanga
roos. Hundreds of them were in plain
sight. It was hard to tell which one
to shoot at and they were hard to hit
because they jumped here and there
and bumped into one another as they
looked for a safe place to get through
the deadly line of shooters.
By this time the kangaroos had got
within range of all the hunters and
nearly a hundred guns were pouring
out a leaden hail of death. The bang
ing of the guns was as incessant as a
battle and the field in front was rap
idly piling up with doad kangaroos.
In my position I could not load fast
enough to stop the procession of bound
ing animals in front of me. Kanga
roos were on all sides of me and kept
pouring out of the forest in front
seemingly in an endless stream. I took
no shots except at those that came near
enough for me to be absolutely sure
of killing. Once or twice I stopped to
rest and each time a kangaroo went
past me.
For about an hour this sort of thing
kept up and then there was a lull. The
game that was easy to get at had all
NEW MOTOR BICYCLES THAT GO OVER FORTY MILES AN HOUR
THE two most wonderful motor bicycles In the world are owned In Paris
and San Francisco respectively. The latter machine, which belongs to
Charles L. Fair, is the more wonderful of the two. At least It is
credited with being able to make greater time. The Paris machine
is owned by Henri Fournier, who is credited with being the greatest
rider in the world.
Charles L. Fair's motor bicycle arrived in the city from Paris only a few
days ago. He says that he has not yet ridden it, but knows that it is capa
ble of running at the rate of fifty miles an hour over a good road. The ma
chine is one of the latest produced in Paris and the trials of It that Mr.
Fair saw were entirely satisfactory. Being an expert on mechanics Mr. Fair
is fully capable of judging of the qualifications of a
machine by making a careful examination of It.
Incredible as it may seem this wonderful motor
bicycle of Mr. Fair's weighs only fifty-five pounds.
But aluminum is used considerably in Its conatruc-
The power for the propulsion of the machine Is
supplied by a small gasoline or naphtha motor which
is adjusted 0"i the forward part of the bicycle. The
tubing is ab'iut the Bize that was popular in the
United States during the '97 season. All adjust
ments and valves are in the front of the machine
near the handle bars.
The main supply of gasoline is carried in a
tank under the seat. Small quantities of the fluid
are exploded in the igniter, thus fur
nishing motive power for the engine
which propels the fly-wheel, from
which the motion is communi
cated by a rubber band to the
driving wheel. An ingenious de
vice permits the free use of
v the handle bars for steer
ing purposes with
out risk of disturb
ing the connection.
If the machinery
should fall the
bicycle may be
worked by pedals
in the usual way.
The construction
and adjustment of
the whole machine
Is of the most per
fect and accurate
description. Every
bearing runs as
smoothly as the
works of a watch
and there is scarce
ly a jar even when
the engine is run
ning at several
hundred revolutions
a minute. Should
CHARLES L. FAIRS NEW FIFTY-/VULES-AN-HOUR
BICYCLE.
very short time many more of them will be brought to the Pacific Coast.
The machine that Henri Fournier has been thrilling Paris with for some
weeks past is a petroleum tricycle of the Dion-Bouton kind, with a one
and-a-half horse-power machine, and averages forty kilometers an hour. The
m chine he uses is comparatively light, easy of manipulation and powerful.
It is fitted with a motor of from one to three horse-power, its hill climbing
and speed capabilities being gauged thereby. The big and heavy automobile
carriages have trouble in mounting hills, but the lowly and Dutch barn style
of tricycle goes puffing right up to the top and its rider is In no wise af
fected with fatigue in the taak of making the ascent.
Fournier Is in deadly earnest in hia determination to attain a speed of
forty-five miles an hour. He has made a series of teats with his automobile
I COULD NOT LOAD FAST ENOUGH TO STOP TME PROCESSION OF KANGAROOS
BOUNDING PfJST ME.
been driven out of the forest and the
drivers had to go In deeper and scare
out the timid ones.
The sport now was not so exciting,
but there was Just as much fun In it.
It was more of a competition to see
who would kill the most kangaroos.
Each hunter had dragged his game
Into something of a heap, so that all
could see his prowess.
Late In the day there was nothing
to shoot at but stragglers. The driv
ers had scoured the country and even
gone after those that managed to get
through the lines. By evening I don't
believe there were a dozen kangaroos
left in the district that we had shot
over.
When the drivers came up each
shooter gathered his trophies of the
battue and a tally was kept of the
number each had slain. Usually there
is a sweepstake on the result of the
day's shooting, which, of course, goes
this machine prove
all that is claimed
for it there is no
doubt but that in a
to the "topnotcher." After drivers
and shooters exchange felicitations an
other drive is arranged, and so on all
day long till the dusk of evening puts
an end to the day's sport.
The number of kangaroos a man can
kill in one of the drives depends large
ly on luck. The game may not come
near one and another may have all he
can do to load. So "position" counts
for a good deal.
On the day when nearly 3000 were
killed one man scored 97 and another
scored only 10. It's just as a man gets
the chance to shoot.
On such occasions that Important
branch of all expeditions, the commis
sariat, Is well looked after. At this
big one a large wagon from the home
stead had brought great hampers of
tempting viands. At a shady grove in
the ample forest all hands and the cook
spread themselves out on mother earth
and ate and enjoyed the good things
that show that, given a straight smooth track and the machine working
at forced draught, the express train will find the petroleum tricycle a danger
ous rival in the matter of speed. To see Fournier on one of these test trips
Is a sight never to be forgotten. He flies along with bulging eyes fixed on
the ground over which he Is flying, hair streaming m
the wind and the puffing motor working at such a
speed as to make one tremble to think of the fate
of the rider should any untoward accident cause a
spill. Fournier seems to know no fear when gofng
like the wind on these risky trips. By constant
practice he has become an expert in the manipu
lation of the petroleum tricycle, and will turn a
curve while going at the dizzy speed of forty-five
miles an hour with all the recklessness of a
boy.
His performance suggests the grave danger
that would accompany trips such as his on a
road where similar machines are dashing along.
Fournier alone on a level, smooth road, with
no one to kill but himself, and no machine
to smash but his own, is a sight sufficiently
thrilling. Multiply the sight by ten and
imagine that number of Fourniers
mounted on flying automobile tri
cycles, and the spectator cannot
help thinking that this would
make a novel and sure method
of committing suicide.
But there can be no doubt
but that the motor cycle has
come to stay. It is now a
practical machine although
high in price and hard to
handle. But improvements
will be constantly made
from now on and a man
will not have to be o
mechanical and bi
cycle expert in or
der to ride one of
them. In less than
five years they are
very likely to be
as common as the
ordinary wheel.
when bicycles run
at a speed of forty
five miles an hour
a clear track will
b e absolutely
necessary, so that
with locomotive en
gine pace will have
to come a special
track for the wheel
men, a desirablt
HENRI FOURNIER AND V\\S PORTY-FIVE-MILES
AN-HOUR WHEEL.
improvement that
will be welcomed
by all lovers of
the wheel. The at-
talnment of the speed named by the bicycle seems to be In the hands
of Henri Fournler, who has become known as the king of automobil
lsts. What Fournler does not know about the petroleum tricycle may aa
well be omitted from the wheelman's education.
From all parti of the world Fournier is receiving letters in regard to
motor cycles. Even governments have written to him in regard to supplying
soldiers with them. On one day his mail amounted to nearly two hundred
letters. While many of the questions asked are frivolous the majority show
that the writers are doing some deep thinking before buying a motor cycle.
Americans have no conception of the interest taken In motor cycles in Europe.
They are really quite common on the roads of France and England, while all
those in the United States can be counted on the fingers of your hand.
and drank without stint Britisji beer
and American lager, and smoked our
pipes, and felt as happy and contented
as mortal man can.
The carcasses of the dead kangaroos
in these drives are usually skinned and
sold to dealers. The bodies are used
for different chemical purposes. The
hides are quite valuable and make
shoes of a fine quality.
It was a glorious day. The sun
shone out brightly and was not too
warm. The drivers did their work
well and at the conclusion of the day's
sport those of us who t»elon— ed to the
house party headed our horses for the
homestead. The majority of drivers
and shooters assembled at the spacious
woolshed and there, to the music of a
concertina, played tunefully by a sheep
shearer, they danced with the selec
tors' daughters who had come from far
and near to help wind up the celebra
tions of the day. T. M.
2526
IF PEOPLE SHOULD TELL THE TRUTH FOR ONE DAY
DISCUSSED BY: CHIEF JUSTICE BEATTY, J£MES G. MAGUIRE, GEORGE OSBOURNE. REV. WILLIAM H- MORELAND. JOSEPH LEGGETT, CORONER W. J. HAWKINS, FRANK J. GOULD, THOMAS V. CATOR, BARCLAY HENLEY,
LEWIS MORRISON, T. DANIEL FRAWLEY, HUGH CRAIG, RfiBBI VOORSfINGER. "CUPID" DONFORTH, ADJUTANT GENERAL BARRETT, FATHER PRENDERGAST.
IF by some irrational trick of the elements, or
transcendental aspect of the stars, a carnival of
truth were held in San Francisco for an interval
of twenty-four hours, what would bo the result?
If every human emotion that the tongue can ex
press or the heait feel were applied to queries and
■ro~>;i>'s on that day of days, would it end In a triumph
of civilization or in a struggle of savagery? Would it
be a glorious license or a satanic privileg-e? Good
nature, courtesy and timidity insist upon small lying—
there is a natural tendency to view truth as a pre
cept. That It is more possible that human happiness
would be augmente 1 if we could know as we are
known is a violent supposition.
If the truth were told in San Francisco for twenty
four hours? ,
Here is how some of our prominent thinkers ex
press themselves on the knotty question:
Your question is a chimerical one and therefore a
, ltt le difficult to answer. .
morally benefited by an
earnest devotion to truth
for twenty-four hours?
'- — When told at the proper
tim.> and place my answer would be "Yes," but if
handled Indiscriminately, Innocextly or with Intent, it
only uncharitable, but malicious.
I do not think truth ever justifiable when it inter
feres with the happiness of a human being.
CHIEF jUSTICE BEATTY,
State Supreme Court
Twenty- four hours of complete and absolute truth
telling would doubtless create infinite confusion and
trouble in San Francisco.
but perseverance In It
would immensely improve
the social and political as
well as the moral condl-
JAMES G MAGUIRE,
Democratic Nominee for Governor. I
tl-m of the city. A falsehood has, generally, one of
three motives — malice, avarice or fear. Sometimes a
falsehood is Inspired by two or all of these motives.
This is quite commonly true of political falsehoods, to
which I refer particularly, because of their present
prevalence.
The world as well as the city might well dispense
instantly with all falsehoods based upon either malice
or avarice, and the apparent necessity for purely de
fensive falsehoods, commonly called "white lies,"
would speedily disappear with their general discontinu
ance.
I am delighted to learn that The Call has com
menc.-d investigating the expediency of absolute
truthfulness and trust that it may reach an affirmative
conclusion. The progress of its exalted moral reflec
tions will be watched with interest.
• * *
Certain things should never be told within the ken
of men. Only one man
could afford to tell the
truth and he was cruci
fied for it. I think
Rums 1 advice to a friend
is sun-ly the softest rule to follow:
HUGH CRAIG,
President Chamber of Commerce.
Aye free, aff han your stnry tell
When wl" a boson crony;
But still keep something to yourself
V. scarcely tell to oiiy.
Not one of us to-day searching our own hearts can
afford to have the truth told even for a day. It would
demoralize the commercial intt-r'-st and financial ruin
would be the result— why? Every house doing business
on a credit basis would not survive the day. Especial
ly it would lead to a reconstruction of the basis of so
ciety. A dissection of family ties and a proclamation
of war in which those who were not armed with re
peating guns would either hit from the shoulder or
strike with the feet.
• • •
Your question is altogether unimaginable, impos-
Bible. I think I can best illustrate my first Impres
sion of Its utter incompre
hensibility by repeating a
tale of a philosophical
brother. Once upon a time
a few wise men wondered
■what would be the effect of sound If all the people in
the world would shout at once. A notion was started
X would be the effect of sound If all the people in
,'orld would shout at once. A notion was started
that it would be heard in the moon. So the edict had
gone forth, the word agreed upon was "Boo," and the
time of the universal shout was to be In just ten years.
Several hundred ship loads of chronometers were sent
to philosophers, great folks and astronomers of all na
tions.
RABBI VOORSANGE
Temple Emaru-EI.
For months previous nothing else was talked about
but the awful noise that was going to be made on that
occasion. At last the time came and everybody was
tent upon the effect of the ejaculation of "Boo"
that nobody spoke except a deaf man In the Fiji
SOCIETY.
SLOWLY but surely the plans for
the coming society Beaaonarebe
lng materialized and everything
made ready for a delightful
winter.
It is more than probable that
all of the many dancing classes
of last year will bo reorganized. Meet
ings of the directors will soon be called
and the arrangements made for the
dances made public.
Mr. Greenway has not yet decided
wh< ther there will be a revival of the
Friday night cotillons but it is likely
that the popular demand will be acceded
to, and the cotillons be again one of the
fashionable features of the season.
The debutantes this season will not be
bo numerous as those that made their
bow last year, but In spite of the paucity
of buds, many magnificent affairs an- to
be given in honor of the new comers in
the social realm.
Jhe\j're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lillien Goldsmith of Seattle, Wash., and
Mr. Lewinstoin of Tacoma. Mr. Lewin-
Ftfin was formerly a resident of New
York.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Kate Alice Frils, youngest daughter of
Mrs. Rosa and the late Captain Charles
8. Friis, to Oliver Albert Harker, cash
ier of the firm of Wellman, Peck & Co.
The wedding will take place in Septem
ber.
The wedding of Miss Gertrude Gold
man of Merced and Harry Coleman of
this city will take place thus Sunday
aft'-moon, September 4, at 632 Golden
Gate avenue.
The wedding of Miss Fannie Frank and
Meyer Goldsmith will be solemnized in
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel
Tuesday evening, September 6.
The engagement of Miss Fossie Mon
asch and Abe Rotburg is announced.
They will receive at 1128 Howard street
to-day from 2 to 5.
Dinner or\ Board Ship.
One of the most delightful events of
the past week was the dinner given on
board the British ship Clan Graham by
Captain Duncan Mclntyre, compliment
ary to Mrs. Leal, whose birthday was
celebrated that day.
The entire ship put on a festive dress
In honor of the event, and the table was
tastefully decorated with exquisite flow
ers. :,-'■:.
Among the guests assembled were Cap
tain Leal of the -Bay City, Mrs. Leal and
the Misses Leal. ,
Home Qatherir\gs.
Ml.=s Bella Jonas, daughter of A. J.
Jonas, a well-known merchant of Los
Angeles, who was here on a visit during
the past month, was tendered a reception
by the Misses Rose and Jeanette Keene
prior to her departure for her home in
the south. Covers were laid for twenty
five.
Another delightful military hop was
"ivcu at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Islands and a woman in Peking, so that the world
was never so still since Its creation.
Such, in my opinion, would be the effect of a period
of universal truth telling in San Francisco — the people
would be so intent upon the result that everybody
would be speechless, or If speaking at all would lie.
• • *
Tolling all of the truth for a period of twenty-four
hours, innocently or otherwise, would be a violation of
the moral law and the
person who is RUilty of be
traying the confidence of
his fellow man whether it
REV. FATHER PRENDERGAST,
St Mary's Cathedral.
■ — be the obligation of so
ciety, church or state is an enemy to morality and
should make all the reparation within his power for
the wrung he has committed.
The relations of lawyer to client, doctor to patient
and priest to confessor are of such a nature that any
knowledge of the truth, whether obtained by affirma
tion <>r by the silence of those holding the secret, would
be a moral injustice.
Any one who had been guilty of betraying such
confidences should make all reparation in his power.
If one is questioned as to the truth of some fact
entrusted to his keeping and feels that by not answer
ing at all that his silence will be taken for affirma
tion or otherwise, why then he must depend upon his
own ingenuity to avoid tl.e disclosure. If the ques
tion had been, what would be the effect upon the com
munity if no lies were told for a given length of time, I
would answer paradisaical.
Socially those who indulge in quibbling and small
lying would find themselves squirming with discom
fiture if shocked by unpalatable truths. But the
world would be better and man's justice to man would
make our citizens rejoice if a condition of no lies
existed for twenty-four hours.
It is simply Inconceivable, and if I admit the truth,
now. wholly undesirable, that the truth be told for
twenty-four hours while I
I am living In the city.
Why, it would certainly
I not be productive of do
" mestlc tranquillity nor
would that all pervading X-ray virtue foster court
ships. It has been said that courtship ie a period
wherein two people mutually try to deceive each other.
Assuming that to be a truth, no couple undeceived
would even in their insane moments desire a marriage
license. Then where would poor "Cupid" be? I would
simply be one of the unemployed, or take an extended
vacation, whichever it would please me most to say.
Society would be demoralized and life Insurance
companies bankrupted and our medical schools could
not turn out graduates enough to meet the demands of
that day's disaster.
"CUPID" DANFORTH,
Ma nags L'Cense Clark.
I think the city would be depopulated by night, and
if any lived to tell the tale I am sure he could not look
a man in the face and say:
"You are my friend."
Our eyes would be rolling
In fine frenzy and we
would wear ever after
ward a look of cunning and ferocity habitual to a man
eater. Society would be up In arms and the only peo
le who would profit by this day's discord would be the
attorneys. The churches would be empty, for I fear
the ministers and priests would not be without sus
picion, and that we would look upon the clergy aa
hypocrites and upon everything that thinks and
bn'athos as our enemies. The world would be upside
.1 n in Frisco, and our confidence in humanity for
ever destroyed. We would forever afterward be viewed
with suspicion, and like the nursery rhyme when
"Humpty Dumpty" got a fall:
Ton thousand men and ten thousand more
Could never make Humpty Dumpty as he was before.
• • •
ADJUTANT GENERAL
BARRETT.
I find It difficult to take the question seriously. It
excites mirth when I reflect upon It. It seems to
imply that San Francisco
people do not now speak
the truth, that all kinds of
frauds, cheats, shams and
deceptions are going- on in
secret, so that if every one should sudde-nly open his
or her mouth and reveal the facts the result would be
'"' TlfenTthat any such state of things exists. Thou
sands of men and women In San Francisco already
speak the truth, not for one twenty-four hours, but
every twenty-four hours, and the moral effect seems to
be excellent.
If the question means that every wrong, unpleas
ant and disagreeable thing we notice about our neigh
burs in the course of twenty-four hours Is to be blurted
out. the answer Is that the moral result would be de
cidedly hurtful.
REV WM. H. MORELAND,
Pastor of St- Luke a.
O. L. Fest, lolG Turk street, on Tuesday
wening. August 30. Th<: guests were:
Sergeant Leroy Chllds, Sergeant Joe
Chllds. Quartermaster Sergeant Kelly,
Corporal J. B. Kaub, Private Arthur
Porter, all of Company L, Washington
Volunteers, stationed at Angel Island;
Miss Margery McGillan, Miss Belle Mc-
Gillan, Miss Jessie Smith, Miss Babe
Smith, Miss Lucy Pohlmann, Miss Lennie
Feat. Miss Mattie L. Fest, Mrs. Walter
Smith, Mrs. G. F. Pohlmann, Mrs. O. L.
Fest, C. E. French of Los Angeles.
Thomas Smith, O. L. Fest. The evening
was spent in music and dancing. At 10
o'clock a collation was served in the
dining room.
A high Jinks was given at the residence
of Edward Crowell. 1726 Eddy street, on
Tuesday evening last. Sheyer Seligman
was selected as chairman of the evening.
Among the guests were: Sheyer Sellg
man. George Schmepplfc, Fred Schmepple,
A. Anthuny, Fred Jones, Eddie Davis,
Samuel Wolf, Frank O'Brien. T. Murphy,
J. Sullivan, Ed Crowell, Jack White,
Frank Williams, Max Lewis, Joe Jones,
M. Buckley and W. Walklns. After the
jinks the guests repaired to the banquet
hall, and after many good stories had
been told the party broko up in the small
hours of the morning.
A whist afternoon was given last Sat
urday at the residence of Mrs. D. G.
Barnes in Alameda. The affair was ar
ranged by Mrs. Mark Ivory of Brentwood
as a surprise to Mrs. Barnes in honor of
her birthday. The guests numbered twen
ty, and they spent a thoroughly delight
ful afternoon.
The first prize was won by Mrs. Stan
ley, and the consolation prize by Mrs.
Sabin.
Those present were Mrs. Sabin, Mrs.
Roe, Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Btanley of Marys
ville, Mrs. Ivory, Miss Halsey Mrs. Shef
field of Santa Barbara, Mrs. David Ruth
erford, Mrs. Thompson. Miss Thompson,
Mrs. McCabe, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs. Sabin,
Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Captain Hooper, Mrs.
Barnes, Mrs. Harry Barnes, and others.
A sunflower surprise party was given to
Miss Sophie Trlest on the occasion of the
anniversary of her birth. Sunday even
ing last, at her residence, 714 Railroad
avenue, Alameda.
The affair was a genuine surprise to the
recipient. The spacious grounds were il
luminated with lanterns, and the parlors
and adjoining rooms handsomely decorat
ed with sunflowers. An elaborate colla-
tlon was served.
During the evening the guests were en
tertained with a violin solo by Milton
Shoenberg, accompanied by Mr. Mertz
bach; piano solo by Miss Florence
Trommlltz; song by Mlbs Shoenberg, and
a unique cake walk by M. Trommlltz
and Miss Shoenberg and J. Getz and Miss
F. Meyer. Recitations, games and danc
ing were also Included in the entertain-
ment.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. B.
Triest, Mrs. Birnbaum. Mrs. Landeeker,
Mrs. Shoenberg, Mr. and Mrs. S. Hyams,
Misses B. Barman, F. Meyer, E. Solo
mon. L. Shoenberg. S. Barman, L. Jacobs.
L. Lang, F. Trommlitz, M. Oetz. O. Lang.
S. Triest. Messrs. I. Scharff, Al Gets, M.
Trommlitz, H. Meyer, M. Stamper, M.
Shoenberg, J. Getz, M. Mertzbach, F.
Triest, I. Magnus.
There was a merry gathering of rela
tives and friends at the residence of
Jacob Weiss, 722 Turk street. Wednesday
nipht. the occasion being the anniversary
of the old gentleman's seventieth birth
day. The San Francisco Turn Verein
turned out almost Jn a body, and there
was a large delegation from the Sun
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 189 S.
• * •
• • •
Francisco Turn Schwestern, the presi
dent of the latter, Mrs. A. Bauer, pre
senting Mr. Weiss with a magnificent
floral basket. He was also serenaded by
the Turn Verein Singing Section. Ample
refreshments were provided and a merry
time wiu spent in speeches and songs.
Mr. Weiss has been a resident of the
city for over forty years. He was one
of the charter members of the Turn
Verein and its president for several terms.
Professor Dietz and Dr. Rlnne and Chief
Steward Bucher of the Receiving Hos
pital are his sons-in-law.
Glub parties.
The members of the Sero Club held
their third entertainment and ball last
evening, September 3, at Native Sons'
Hall. The affair was a delightful suc
cess.
On Friday last the members of the
California Gamma chapter of the Phi
Delta Kappa Fraternity of Lowell High
School went in a body to Belvedere as
the guests of one of the alumni members,
C. Willard Evans. After an excellent
dinner several new members were initi
ated, the ceremony followed by a recep
tion. On Saturday Mr. Bundschu, one
of the active members, took the party
on a trip around the bay in a steam
launch, after which luncheon was served
at Mr. Bundschu's home. The party re
turned on the 5:40 boat to San Fran
cisco.
Sailed /Wavj.
The steamship Australia, which Bailed
for Honolulu Thursday. September 1, car
ried the following pasengers: Miss Bills,
Brother Charles, Brother Theodore, Mrs.
H. M. Davis, Miss L. Duncan, C. Eccles,
H. H. Garsten, Mrs. Mary Gunn. Miss
Edna Gunn. Miss Cora Hanneghan. L.
Harris, Mrs. J. A. Hopper and child, Miss
Hopper, Mrs. J. S. Klmball, Miss Juliet
M. King, E. Kramer, C. A. Knudsen,
Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Thomas Patton and In
fant, Miss Petersen, Henry Smith and
wife, Martin Smith, Dr. J. W. Todd, Mrs
H. H. Williams.
In the Future.
The Winter Cotillon Club Is now organ
izing for Its fourth season, and will hold
Its first german some time in November.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Corinson will celebrate
their golden wedding at the residence of
their son Nathan at 1419 Mission street to
day.
Bartlett Springs.
Arrivals for the week at Bartlett
Springs are as follows: Judge and Mrs.
E. A. Belcher, P. Larsen, Gus Imbrie, A.
G. Benard, A. Hallett, Katherine L. Mil
ler, Mrs. Pretan, Mrs. Lewis, M. Shan
non, P. Seanlan, Louis Wenle and wife;
T. A. Atchinson, Mrs. G. S. Noble, Mrs.
S. L. Bee, Charles Borger, D. F. Eustis,
L. L. Powers, M. Lewis, M. Pretan, Mrs.
Bailey. Leon de Roos, M. P. Seanlan, P.
F. Nolan, J. W. Enright, Julius -Oppen
heimer, Mrs. C. L. Blanchard and daugh
ter, San Francleco; J. A. Perry, George
Schroth, F. W. Heintzelman, William
Sachs Jr., John Green, Miss C. Lanken,
Miss B. Lanken, L. F. Breuner and wife
F. B. Van Sickler, Mrs. G. Schroth, E."
D. McCabe, Martin Halboun, E. P. Som
berg. Miss G. Lanken. Miss M. Lanken.
Sacramento; Miss Sharp, aeth V. Miller
E. J. Howard and wife, Miss Howard'
R. A. Carpenter and wife, Sutter City
George W. Blackwell, James W. Bartlett
and wife, Weaverville; Robert Walker. I
P. Hansen. Willows; T. O'Connell, Peta
luma; Thomas Maloney, Antloch; M. Cal
llghan and wife. Birds Landing; Mrs. J.
ET Sachrelter and family, Mrs. A. A,
"Speaking the truth in love" is the way to do good.
There are people who pride themselves on their rugged
honesty and directness of speech. They are fond of
saying bitter, stinging, hurtful things. "As for me,"
they cay, "I am frank, outspoken; speaking what I
think." Such people are rude boors, too conceited to
realize their own lack of breeding.
There are times when the truth must be spoken
fearlessly, but always at proper times, in a proper way
and by the proper person. If every man and woman
should stand up tomorrow and tell all they know (or
think they know) to everybody they meet the result
would be very bad, for it would increase the supply of
gossips and intermeddlers without/doing a bit of good.
• • •
When the truth Is told we are all deceivers and
deceived. Financially we would have to pay our money
debts in fine gold stand
ard. Politically our gov
ernmental corps would be
nee iless, for truth would
need none. Socially it
would disrobe the structure and reveal us godlike.
Morally we would begin at the garden when He
said: "I create thee in the form of the Father."
Geographically the flocks would graze again over
the Potrero of our bay and Mythical California be
again.
Then all the world'd be a stage,
But none be players.
• * *
GEORGE OSBOURNE, Actor.
The effect of twenty-four hours of truth tellfng in
San Francisco, or anywh«_re else could not fall to be
salutary. It would, no
doubt, give a severe
wrench to a good many
crooked people to be com-
L pelled, even for twenty
four hours, to tell the truth, but It would do them good.
It would not hurt the most confirmed liar to tell the
Truth Is not nearly so bad as she Is painted. She
Is an object of dread to those only who have not formed
her acquaintance. People who know her best admire
her most. It Is, therefore, reasonable to hope that
one result of a day's truth telling in San Francisco
would be to permanently Improve and elevate the
moral stains of Its Inhabitants.
I am not one of those who believe that speaking
the truth Is a lost art. I believe that the number of
people who scorn and hate a He is greater to-day
than ever It was before in the history of the race.
I am confident that the benefits that would result from
the dedication of the day to truth speaking would
vastly outweigh all imagined disadvantages. I would
like to see the experiment made.
JOSEPH LEGGETT, Attorney!
• * •
If such an ideal state of affairs could be realized
for a period of twenty-four hours I am sure there
would be but very little
change socially. People
don't lie as a rule as much
as they are credited with
FRANK H. GOULD. Attorney.
doing, and those who so
Indulge in that vice are so artistic about it that I
greatly fear we would not be able to detect any great
difference. Those who had indulged in a lifetime of
deception would be so surprised /at the novelty of
truth telling that I think they would continue it—
thereupon the result would be good.
» • •
If It should come to pass that such a Utopian con
dition should exist, even for the period of twenty-four
hours, dire calamity would
certainly be the result.
The human system con
tains a great deal of elas-
tic tissue which permits it
to accommodate Itself to the different prevailing con
ditions of affairs. But it would be totally inadequate
to withstand the strain and nervous shock to the sys
tem that would be placed upon it by your supposed
condition of affairs.
W. J. HAWKINS, M 0.,
Coroner.
The effect, I fear, would be that I would have to
petition the Legislature for an unlimited number of
deputies and a number of emergency morgues to clear
the streets after the battle of Truth vs. Falsehood
was over, If the people should rise up and physically
resent unpleasant truths whether from enemy or
friend.
* • •
The chief result woultl.be socially. It would result
In many suicides, murders and convictions ofNcrime.
It would produce domestic
anarchy, separations and
thousands of divorces; it
would engender strife,
suspicion and lack of con-
Morally It would be a misfortune. If all persons
THOMAS CATOR, Attorney.
Robinson. Sycamore; John Poundstone,
D. L. Simpson, Arbuckle; M. Z. Lowell,
Auburn- W. Ollllam. Williams; A. Pallles,
C. E. Wickham. Oakland; H. C. Stormer,
Colusa; Sam Schutt, Martin Schutt, Dix
on; M. J. Kfegan, Mrs. Lizzie Keo.gan,
Mrs. A. Keegan, Leesvllle; John Lawson,
Silver City, Nevada; E. Firth, Redding;
J. H. Colwell, Cooks Springs; J. W. Deni
son. Osceola. Wash.; W. E. Retterath,
Willows; Miss Delols, Highland ; t\
Turner, Sandon, B. C. ; John Peres. Frank
Machado. San Pablo; A. G. Cameron,
Walnut Grove; W. H. Johnston, Bertie
Johnston, Eureka; John McCarty, George
Lamont, Sulßun; Peter J. Deiay and wife,
Maryßville; L. G. Goodrich, Napa; Dr.
Aiken, wife and daughter, Pala, H. I.;
George A. Murray, G. M. Ury, J. R. Mur
ray, W. Madison, Tudor; Doc Dunne, Al
vln Sax, Fred Booth, Davlnvllle; A. H.
Kerr, Erie, Pa.; J. H. Edmonds, Thomas
Muegge, wife and son. Woodland; R. S
Darragh, W. H. Clark, Los Angeles; E.
P. Kraft and wife. Delia Sanborn. Red
Bluff; L. J. Smith, Concord; Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Welsbein. Grass Valley; J. H.
Maynard. San Mateo; W. H. Fouse,
Ukiah; A. C. Ross, Campbell, Leroy
Burns, Verona.
Sarvta Catalir\a Island.
SANTA CATALINA, Sept. 3.— Henry W.
Eurle and George E. Crane of Stockton
registered at the Metropole recently.
Miss L. E. Coombs and Miss J. B.
Coombs of Globe, Ariz., are visiting
friends on the island.
Miss E. Garvey of Oakland is a welcome
visitor here.
Miss Harriette Howe and her mother,
Mrs. P. H. McMahon of Oakland, guests
of the Metropole during the summer, have
gone to Los Angeles, where they antici
pate spending the winter.
V. Lemay of Sacramento has returned
home, after a delightful stay at Murilla.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Byrne of San Fran
cisco, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Cohn
and Charles Hoag of San Francisco and
Mr. and Mrs. Limbrock of Los Angeles,
are among the recent visitors at this de
lightful summer reßort.
L. S. Pratt, wife and child and W. G.
Stearnes of Tucson are among the recent
arrivals.
Henry Van Leuven of Redlands is a
guest of the Island Villa.
Mark A. Rogers of Tucson 111 registered
at the Metropole for an indefinite stay.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. George of Sacra
mento, guests of the Metropole for a
month, have returned to their northern
home. _
Mrs. Charles de Courcey of San Fran
cisco is spending a few weeks on the
Island. . _ , _. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Blbl and Sol Blbl
of San Francisco are guests at the Metro-
Commodore Wiltse of the yacht Aggie
is still on the island. He hns entertained
his friends with many pleasant yachting
trips around the Island and to various
points of Interest.
A. Ancker of San Francisco is regis
tered at the Metropole.
Mrs. W. S. Reed. Miss Ruth Strauss, K.
S. Forderer and John A. Black of Tucson
are visitors here. . ,-,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson of Butte,
Mont., are guests of the Metropole.
Colonel George Delaporte of San Fran
cisco Is a recent visitor here.
Sk&ggs Springs.
On Friday evening last John F. Mul
grew entertained the guests at Skaggs
with a delightful minstrel show.
Captain Delany. the well known Su
pervisor, performed the duties of inter
locutor, while W. Massett, W. L. Whe
lan, J. Cheetham and Miss E. Butler took
care of the ends. The songsters of the
evening were Martin Valsh, W. Massett.
J. Cheetham. Miss E. Butler and Captain
would tell the truth at all times and perpetually the
effect would be good, of course; but to have it told
for only twenty-four hours, with a relapse into the
old habit, would do much more harm than good, would
shake the faith of many in human nature and result
In the great majority earnestly praying that a limited
spasm of the same kind might never occur again.
Finally, the owners of yellow journals would ex
pire of grief of their inability to get all the disgust
ing details in one edition.
Discord would begin. Chaor would have come
again! That would be the blackest day that ever
dawned on San Francisco,
and the sun as he sank
over the Golden Gate
would look on such a
v scene of degradation as
his burning eye never saw before.
Our tender moral epidermis cannot bear the chill
bißst of unmltiflrated truth need the sheltering
a ..1 we crouch under the lee of deceit or hide In the
coverts of hypocrisy.
Telling the truth at all times we should be morally
naked ur.rt unashamed, we should lose the sense cf
modesty, which bids us hide our falling and cover up
our vices. And this shame which prompts us to hldo
a blot. Is !t not the first step toward piety?
"When a man fears the revelation of his past is it
not proof that he Is leading a better life now?
BARCLAY HENLEY,
Attorney.
Whatever softens the sorrows or aujrments the
Joys of a human being Is my definition of religion, and
that which topples faith
and invites suspicion Is
my measure of wicked-
GEORGE D COLLINS,
Attorney.
ness. If the truth were
properly told for a period
of twenty-four hours In San Francisco the result would
be excellent, but to have It uttered with an insensi
in the extreme. It Is an awful thing to destroy one's
faith In humanity.
Even one day devoted to this virtue would not, be
barren of such results. The city would resemble a
plague-visited spot.
I believe that nearly 90 per cent of the Inmates
in our insane asylums are the victims of melancholia,
superinduced by a shock of some unpleasant truth —
told to them when the mind was not fit to receive it.
At any rate those persons, at the end of twenty-four
hours, who had not the moral courage to go Insane
would either go to San Quentin or to the Morgue. No
one could say to himself "I have a friend." Each
would be viewing the other with suspicion and this
lack of confidence would lead us to resort to all sorts
of mean devices to detect the deceptions of those with
whom we are thrown in dally contact.
I fear life at the end of that truth-telling day
would be a desolation and a despair. Those who
spread the molasses to
catch the flies would be
LEWIS MORRISON, Actor.
— sent the Influence of so
cial pleasure that could cause us to forget the feel
ings of humanity. One must be brutal, indeed, who
spurns polite behavior and prefers to tell the truth
when it is excruciating.
I think there is less quibbling? among Bohemians —
a people who do not know stilted pride and who do
not live in pretense and seeming. They have not the
social necessity of shamming. If truth telling could
be a process of quick evolution instead of an avalanche
of howling ferocity then I would say on such day San
Francisco would be heaven.
As to the result socially should the truth be blurted
out Inopportunely it would do more harm than false
hood. Just how that day
would end Is, indeed, a
matter of serious con-
A. M. GARDNER, M. D.,
N«pa Iniane Aiylum.
jecture, and I greatly fear
the sight would be ap
palling. I might accurately guess that the city would
be depopulated by night, and If any human being did
to avoid meeting his friends or foes. I believe every
one would be more anxious to shun friends than
enemies, for we know what the latter think and the
opinions of the former are sometimes shocking. I
think the churches would be conspicuous by their
empty pews, for we would consider the majority of the
congregation hypocritical and in all probability look
with less reverence upon the clergy.
I believe that necessity would compel us to annex
a great number of new wards to our insane asylums,
Delany. "The Last Rose of Summer"
on a tin whistle by W. Massett captured
the audience. Miss E. Butler, a sou
brette of high degree, amused the people
with her negro Impersonations, and W.
Massett gave a vivid representation of a
German band. The evening's show came
to a close with an original Mulgrew cake
walk, In which W. Massett and Miss E.
Butler. Mrs. J. R. Swisher and W. L.
Whelan and J. Cheemam and Martin
Walsh participated. SJupervis ,r Delany.
J. F. Mulgrew and M. J. Sullivan acted
as judges and gave a very novel decision.
The first named won the cake, the third
named were entitled to It. while the sec
ond couple should cut It. The cake, by
the way, was half of a watermelon frost
ed over.
Hotel dz JtedWood.
The latest arrivals at Hotel de Redwood
are: E. C. Clark, J. S. Clark, F. Clark.
Mrs. C. Carson. Mrs. C. Morclng. Mr. and
Mrs. B. H. Reeb, Mr. and Mrs. L. L.
White, E. L. Jewett. San Francisco; Miss
M. Marsnoleys, M. L. Williams. San Jose;
Walter M. Boston, Stanford University;
Mrs. E. Fitch, Santa Cruz; Miss Ada
Therling. Oakland; F. A. Portor. H. P.
Portor, Woodland; Mrs. Thoney and fam
ily, San Francisco.
Carlsbad.
The past month's arrivals at Carlsbad
Springs, Lake County. Include: Miss Kit
tle Feeney, Mrs. Kerrlghan, John Kerri
ghan, Miss Kitty Carroll, Mrs. Gates,
Master E. Gates, Dr. F. P. McGovern,
Mrs. P. E. Newman, Henry Dahl, Mrs. J.
Collins, Miss T. Cox, Ernest Vorrath, W.
L. Ebert. Charlie Oakes. Conn Mullen,
Miss Richardson, Geor- P. McGovern.
personals.
Mrs. Hugh McCrum of Mill Valley and
Miss Adelaide Jenkins of San Francisco
GOOD STORIES ON
PROMINENT ENGLISHMEN
"When the German Emporor paid his
visit to Leo XIII Count Herbert Bis
marck was in attendance on his im
! perial master, and when they reached
1 the door of the Pope's audience cham
ber the Emperor passed in, and the
Count tried to follow. A gentleman
of the Papal Court motioned him to
I stand back, as there must be no third
' person at the Interview between the
j Pope and the Emperor. 'I am Count
! Herbert Bismarck,' shouted the Ger
'■■ man, as he struggled to follow his mas
| ter. 'That,* replied the Roman, with
j calm dignity, "may account for, but it
does not excuse, your conduct.' "
There is a very amusing chapter on
"Titles." Mr. Russell has a very demo
cratic scorn for these "handles" to a
name, and is good humoredly satirical
on the subject. Talking of Irish peer
ages, which used to be a cheap and
convenient method of rewarding politi
cal services, until recent legislation
put an end to their creation, he tells
the following story of Pitt:
"Pitt, when his banker, Mr. Smith
(who lived in Whitehall), desired the
right of driving through the Horse
Guards said: 'No, I can't give you
that; but I will make you an Irish
peer'; and the banker became the
first Lord Carrington."
As to baronets:
* • •
• * •
the greatest sufferers and
I believe we would all re-
• * •
left last Tuesday for Boston. They will
also stop In Washington and Yellowstone
Park, and on their way home visit the
Omaha Exposition.
Mrs. Nathan Levy has returned from a
several weeks' stay near Gilroy, and will
be at home at 1826 Ellis street every first
Tuesday.
Miss "Julia Spiegelman of 511% Gough
street leaves to-day for New York on a
visit to her sister. On her return she will
stop at Omaha and the southern part of
California to visit relatives and friends.
Miss Spiegelman expects to be away two
months.
Miss Katherine Ruth Heyman of New
York is in the city, called West by the
death of her mother In Sacramento. Miss
Heyman is at the Colonial for a short
time.
Mrs. F. E. Eaton and her daughter,
Ml»9 Stella Eaton, returned last Thurs
day from Honolulu, after a visit of three
months.
Mrs. Alexander Smith, with her daugh
ters, Mrs. Arthur Bridge and Miss Edith
Smith, has returned from Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter O. Alexander have
left for Lake County, where they will
spend two weeks fishing and touring.
Mrs. M. Breese was the guest of Miss
Amanda Teresl last week at San Rafael.
Mrs. Samuel D. Mayer has returned
from Hotel del Monte.
Miss Antoinette Shannon has left on an
extended visit to relatives in the East.
Mr. and Mrs. John McGaw have re
turned from the country anu are now re
siding with Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Baldwin
on \\ ashlngton strc-et.
Ex-Color Sergeant Harry Crowley vis
ited friends In Napa last week before
lea\lng for Europe, where he has gone to
have his voice cultivated.
Mrs. S. Mitchell of Visalla and Miss
Ella Cohn of Suisun are spending a few
weeks at Pacific Grove, and are located
at the Gosby House.
Miss Augusta Relnstein has moved from
906 Ellis street to Hotel Trianon, 615 Tay
lor street. At home third Saturdays.
The order of baronets, as Mr. Russell
reminds us, grew out of the rebellion
in Ulster. When created, each bar
onet had to pay as much as would
maintain thirty soldiers three years at
8 pence a day. "As a historical me
morial of their original service the bar
onets bear as an augmentation to their
coats of arms the royal badge of Ul
ster, a bloody hand on a white field.
It was in apt reference to this that a
ramous Whip, on learning that a bar
onet of his party was extremely anx
ious to be promoted to the peerage,
said: "You can tell Sir Peter Proud
iiesn, with my compliments, that if he
wants a peerage he will have to put
his bloody hand into his pocket. We
don t do these things for nothing."
bpeaking of "orders," as distinct
from titles, we read:
"Of these, of course, incomparably
the highest is the Order of the Garter,
and its most characteristic glory is
tnat, In Lord Melbourne's phrase,
There is no d d nonsense of merit
about it.' North of the Tweed, 'the
most ancient and most noble Order of
the Thistle 1 is scarcely less coveted
than the supreme honor of the Gar
ter; but wild horses should not tear
from me the name of the Scottish peer
of whom his political chief said, 'If
gave the Thistle he would
«at it.' "
and that such a day would result In violence and
discord.
* * •
Twenty-four hours of truth-telling in this city
would not result In social dissolution, in "weeping' and
wailing and gnashing of
teeth," or in serious dis
turbance of any kind. On
the contrary it would
EX-SENATOR BART BURKE.
•' more likely result in a
holiday. Certainly the courts would adjourn, the City
Hall would assume a more funereal aspect than usual,
there would be a grand exodus from the city for a
day to escape embarrassing situations, more imagin
ary than real. But for the rest, those who braved "it
out at home, would clothe themselves in charity as
in a mantle and disinterestedly refrain from asking
their neighbors awkward questions. All would ap
preciate the fine irony of the Master, handed down to
us in the eighth chapter of St. John. Never would
there be so much consideration one for the other as
then. No skeletons would escape from the closets and
waltz merrily in the public view. No "glass houses"
would go erashlus about their owner's heads.
Sane San Francisco would score another triumph.
» • •
It would require ten years of picturesque lying to
cover that one day of promiscuous truth telling. For
my part, I don't care to
be in San Francisco on
that day of moral reform
mation, and if I have any
friend who desires to
linger on that interval of wrath and vengeance, I
should certainly bid him good by. for if he Is not num
bered among the slain it will (as I said before) require
ten years of valuable lifetime spent in artistic lying
to make himself even with his fellow men, and I doubt
much if reparation of any kind could ever put any one.
upon the same footing again.
Socially it would be a tremendous mistake.
» • •
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY,
Actor.
This question, when it is first stated, makes us all
laugh, and some cry out, "Impossible"; "Society would
tumble into fits," "The
city would sink," "The
prison be overflowing."
Why? Because the
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS,
Attorney.
1 ~~~ question excites funny,
absurd, difficult, dangerous or serious ideas.
The serious ones involve the constitution of the
race, demanding the sphinx-like solution to life's
riddle, which always presents these queries: "Can
man tell the truth?" "Would it be expedient?" "Will
he ever do It?"
First — That truth can be told by all and that It is
natural to tell it and that the universe is made after
Its pattern must be admitted before the tribunal of
reason. Hence it is proper for each at all times to
tell the truth. Our courts are fashioned thereon and
society stands on its base; it could not exist on a
universal lie. Therefore truth-telling: Is not an ab
normal idea, but a natural and necessary one. If any
evil consequences would follow the practice for twenty
four hours it is proof that our social conditions are
out of line with the constitution of the race. There
fore it cannot be assumed that any lasting disadvant
age to society would follow if all San Francisco told
the whole truth for a full day.
Second — It is expedient to tell the truth for it Is
always consistent with itself and is never contra
dictory. Falsehood Is always out of joint with the
real facts and presents wrong . spects, leading to ill
conclusions and often to evil results. On the contrary
truth inherently leads to the right and thereby it is
t'.xe basis for good. Truth-telling would turn things
upside down, it is true, but it would be comparatively
transitory in its effects, and at the same time San
Franciscans, for once, would have the rare and
esthetic or ragged experience of seeing themselves In
the mental mirrors of their neighbors.
,;, ADVERTISEMENTS. ,i j:
» + 4-4-4- 4 ; 4- + 4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-#
I LAST DAYS !
j: LnOl UHIO X
t . . of . . :
4- ' '+
ICLEARAIICEII1 CLEARAIICE1 1
t, — i
4. • . - : .-,> i
X We close the last X
X week of our great X
X Sacrifice Clearance
t Sale with the fol- 1
4- ♦
X lowing special and i
X extraordinary cut in X
X prices. ♦
■♦■ >
ItßwS 4-
4- Al r» CHECK GLASS TOW- ]
7" v>2^ ELING, 16 inches wide, ▼;
▼■ fast edges, all linen;. strong +
4- and serviceable; the 9c
» grade; on sale at 6%c yard. 4-
t — *
T 11/- CHECK GLASS TOW. 4-
4- . 11C> ELING. 22 inches wide, all 4.
4. linen, extra heavy; worth T
x 15c; on sale at lie yard. -4-
x — $
* £*lr, DUCK SUITINGS, &}+. : ]
■^ V>4^ strong, heavy cloth; a large 4-.
+ line of colorings in cloth a
• ' effects; good value for 10c;
"*" on sale at 6^4c yard. 4- -
4- +
"♦" Tlrr TAILOR MADE DUCK 4-
4- »I2 C SUITINGS, in medium T
» and dark colorings; former "*■
"*~ price 12Vic; on sale at 7Vic 4-
4- ?,-ard. # _^_.
4- 71/, PRINTED FLANNEL- t-'
. lav ETTES, a heavy cloth, ♦*
"*" . cashmere finish, fleece 4- .
4- lined, good styles; the 10c ».
grade; on sale at 7%c yard. J
* 4-
4- 4-
4- \C\C PRINTED FLANNEL- .
T llfC ETTE, the best grade, T
4- fleece lined, in new and 4- •
pretty designs; on sale at .4.
+ 10c yard. . I
♦ 1
** I
* //// Murphy Building, /■• 4.
'♦• Market and Jones Strata. :
• ;+> .+■ ♦ +'+. + 1 ♦ ■»■ t++♦: t. • •NEW FALL
WRAPS
AND
JACKETS.
NEW YORK. Sep. "Fall wraps
cover a multitude of sins," said
a fashionable woman the other
day, as she pulled on a little
capo of brocaded silk edged with
many feathers. "Sins of sum
mer neglect. Dresses become stained in
summer time and the stains are not prop
erly removed. They fray along the seams
and are not repaired; they pull out at tne
buttonholes and in the back, and they get
woefully shabby by the time fall comes,
although the skirt remains good. It is my
' habit then," continued she, "to brush the
suit nicely and put it on with as much
care as though it were a new gown. When
I am dressed I add a small cape to my
toilette and I find myself dressed for fall.
Sometimes I am really elegant."
Wraps have always been divided into
two classes— that cover the figure
and ' those that cover the shoulders only.
Few women are willing to disfigure
themselves by the long, enveloping cape,
and the order is generally given to have
••the cape -cut off at the elbow. This is
quite becoming to the figure and ,in no
way hides the grace Of the waist and the
trimmings of the dress. For warmth,
however, the longer cape must be worn,
and the cape of about waist length is
correct for the fashion of the fall.
A very pretty cape which I saw a few
days ago was made entirely of long,
green ostrich feathers. They were set
upon a foundation of crinoline, one
touching the other, with the ends curling
under. The entire cape was covered this
way with the feathers, and it produced
the beautiful effect of green plumage, not
marred by silk or velvet. Around the
throat there was another row of these
feathers, put on curling outward. The
neck was secured by a band of black silk
ribbon, which was fasteneu invisibly with
out a. buckle.
The belt which the young woman
wore with this very pretty cape corre
sponded with it nicely. It was made of
Mack silk ribbon very wide. It was
buckled in the front in such a way that
the ribbon wrinkled around the waist,
making a sort of crushed belt. The fas
tening was a bunch of Princess of Walts
plumes pulled through a silver buckle.
The plumes curled outward, giving the
garniture something the effect of a cor
sage bququet.
They will wear heads a great deal this
winter. I saw one very beautiful bro
■ caded cape entirely edged with small
. heads, which to me looked somewhat like
the heads of small kittens. They were fox
heads, however, and right pretty they
looked, with their bright bead eyes
twinkling out from their foreheads and
cheeks of fur. Heads are less expensive
than they used to be, and one is led to
wonder if the number of head-bearing
animals has Increased. Sometimes, at a
bargain, one can get a head for 50 cents,
but such chances are rare. To edge a
cape with heads takes twenty heads, not
counting those down the front and around
the neck; so it will be seen that a cape so
trimmed is not cheap, even though the
heads may be purchased at a bargain.
"">.•-. are floli r stn ye things with the
]'::'■■■ foxes' heads this fall. Many of them
have eyes of'brilllant s^nis or mock gems.
The topaz Ib the favorite on account of its
curious yellow glo-am, which looks singu
larly natural in the head of yellow fur.
Fall coats are loo=e In front and tight In
the .back. Many of them are made with
out fronts and are filled in with various
trimmings or are worn over a handsome
silk waist. One of these jackets of striped
■ cloth had seams strapped with bands of
blue felt. The lapels wf-re of blue silk
. with a large white pearl button upon each
lapel. The front was open, but was filled
in with a very large blue chiffon fichu,
which reached nearly to the waist. The
• sleeves were slashed so as to form an imi
tation cuff and upon each cuff was a row
of white pearl buttons.
A coat like this is very elegant upon a
slender figure and is similar to one re
cently worn by the Princess of Wales on
her trip to Copenhagen. The Princess,
BLACK STRAW HAT WITH WHITE FEA
THERS, BY MICHNEWICZ-TURVEE.
who has retained her elegance of youth
ful figure, wore a Scotch ;coat of gray ana
green, strapped with green. Her bodice
was of bottle green silk, with an Immense
fichu at the throat which entirely filled
In the front of the coat. The neck of the
coat was fastened with straps of green
satin. The collar was very tall and rolled
Slightly backward. The Princess wore
grern gloves. Her skirt was gray,
trimmed with bands of green.
The new bluer coats are to be cut
something on this pattern, some of them
with fly fronts. The back is invariably
tight fitting and the sleeves have none of
the balloon puffs of last spring. Sleeves
..have' grown smaller, but as they grow
smaller they grow a little higher. we
t shall' soon return to the gathered sleeve.
Ten years ago all sleeves were gathered
at the top of the ilders This gathering
made a slight puff which was tilled in with
crinoline, bo that milady looked an if her
shoulders were slightly elevated. The new
coats are tllle.. in this way. so that in
every way there is a probability that we
shall have returned to the gathered sleeve
by spring.
To return to shoulder capes— they are
very elaborate. One sees them with frills
of silk and lace and ribbon cloth, one
overlapping the other, and each one very
profusely trimmed. They reach no fur
ther -than the elbow, and could hardly
be worn for warmth. They are more es
. pecially designated for the purpose re
ferred to in the beginning of this arti
cle, namely for the covering up of shab
by' gowns.
I saw a very pretty cape, which might,
If worn by. an elderly lady, be termed
genteel. Upon the figure of a tall, fash
ionable young woman it would be stun
ning. The cape was of a dark gray mel
tonette cloth. It reached Just to the el
bows. The entire cloth was braided with
black silk braid one-half the width of
your finger. On each side of the braid
was a tiny edging of golfl cord, which
■wonderfully brightened the somber gray.
The collar was standing, . and was
trimmed with straps of black silk braid
edged with the gold cord. Upon each i
strap were four little smoked pearl but- '
tons, which were sewed tightly upon
the straps, making an army decoration, i
In button trimmings the tailor made
method is used. The button is sewed
very tightly into the cloth, so that it
cannot wag. The loose, rolling button
is out of place as a trimming, and if the
button is so unfortunate as to have a
large eye, a hole should be cut in the
cloth and the buttons should be set into
the cloth like buttons upon a shoe.
Buttons that are to be really buttoned
are to be treated differently. Here
there must be room left for the cloth,
and the best tailors have a small piece
of metal which they place between the
button and the cloth. When the button
is st wed on they remove the metal, and
the button stands high upon a little
a! uf [ts own. Many housewives sew
the button on over a pin, removing the
pin afterward, leaving a little space for
the c'.oth. Homo made coats often owe
their bad fit to the fact that the buttons
are sewed on too tight.
The button this autumn ha? become
largely a decoration. You would really be
astonished to know how few of the ele
gant new coats are fastened with the
buttons which so profusely decorate them
in front. Often the button will deceive
the closest observer into thinking that it
is there for business, when actually it is
doing duty as an ornament. The strap
ped coats are never buttoned. The coat
is hooked with very large hooks that will
positively not come undone. The straps
are then brought over the front of the
coat and are hooked in place. Upon
each end of each strap is a large hand
some button which rests as proudly in
place as though It were there for work.
Buttonholes are carefully worked in the
straps and in many cases buttonholes are
actually cut out on each side of the but
ton so as to be positively deceptive.
All kinds of little fastening? are used
in the same way. Buttons with a knot
of silk ribbon and a hook underneath fas
tened into another knot of ribbon look as
though the ribbon were drawn through
the buckle in the coat. As a matter of
fact nothing is unbuttoned, nothing is un
clasped. A little Invisible hook under
neath does all the work.
The woman who has anything at all
in the house in the shape of last sea
son's garment can easily make a coat or
a wrap for herself. If she desires a
wrap let her take her old black cloth
circular of last year and cut it dewn.
She must use the scissors ruthlessly until
she has only a small circular of the black
cloth. She must now buy fourteen or fif
teen yards of narrow braid of any color.
The new wood green is very beautiful.
Get silk to match the braid or. better
still, prepare to stitch it upon the sewing
machine, and the work of making the
cape is well begun.
It !s not absolutely necessary to mark
a pattern upon the coat, although It is
$ Thin?.' t" do so. But any woman
with an eye for distance can braid a cape
in lo";'p which look a.s large around as
an ordinary sized tea cup. Carry the
'in and down in big loops without
ever ending or fastening it. At the ends
it;, it up far enough to begin another
set Of loops and in this way g-oir.g bark
and forth until the entire cape is covered
with the braid. Oold or silver cord or a
tinsel thread can be run along the
olpc- of the braid aft-?rward.
The lining of a cape' is very important,
and for these the gayest ?I!ks can be
selected. HELEN WARD.
REMAKING
WHEN now the summer is fo
nearly over the question comes
again wherewith all to be
clothed for another season. It
is the be«t time of the year for the
woman who must be very, economical to
h>~pi:i to look over her last winter's ward
robe. There are odds and remnants
which will do very nicely in renovating
the old gowns, to be had for very little,
at this season when the merchants are
clenrinsr up their stock before displaying
the new poods for the coming season.
I'r'SHmakcrs, too, are almost idle at this
season.
There is such a complete change from
last winter's styles that skirts and
sleeves will have to be changed or you
win find yourself left behind In the fash
ions. To begin with the coat the new
Styles are mostly long, reaching to and
below the knee, but short coats will be
worn aiso. The sleeves will be much
small* r than those in your old coat, but
with a little care they are easily reme
died. If you intend wearing it another
winter get a correct sleeve pattern, rip
out the sleeve and press it carefully, lay
ing a damp cloth on the wrong side and
using 1 i'.s hnt an iron as you can. Be
sure and have your ironing board well
padded or the cloth will be flat a. id
STRAW HAT WITH CHECK RIBBON, BY
REBOUCH.
shiny. The sleeves for this winter are
In two pieces and can be cut to advantage
out of the larger ones of last winter.
If the seams are worn take them all
In just enough to cover the worn place if
the coat can be worn a little smaller.
If it must not be made smaller strap
the scams. Either buy material like or
a shade darker than the coat and stitch
over the seams a bias strap about one
half inch wide of you can use narrow
braid If braid is used sew It firmly by
hand and trim the collar and cuffs as
wt-11 Put it onto the collar and cuffs with
a view to concealing: the worn places.
Velvet can also be used to cover the worn
nlacen and if you use up the left over
nieces 'to make a hat to match the coat
velvet will not prove any more expensive
Ul rut tihe velvet to exactly fit the collar
and cuffs and patch stitch the edges neat
ly before you baste and hem it onto the
C °H the front Is worn and It can be done
change the buttons and button holes and
close the coat with the opposite side out.
Last of all have a tailor press it well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SL T NDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
and he alone can make the pressing come
right.
The separate waist is just as much in
favor as ever. The sleeves are worn Just
as tight as you like o.r can be made, with
a fullness at the top. Where a waist is
worn in places, such as under the arm, or
down the front, or on the inner side of
the sleeve the bad places can be covered
up. To hide a worn place under the arm
the small bolero must have been pur
posely invented. For very little you can
buy, among the remnants, silk which will
harmonize with the waist. Use an inter
lining of thin crinoline and make the bo
lero either double or face i . very deeply.
Add a crush collar and belt of the same
and your waist is ready for another sea
son. If the front of the waist is worn rip
it loose from the lining, hemming the
worn part back for a facing and set in a
vest. Narrow revers, collar, cuffs and
belt in velvet will finish and freshen the
waist. If the material of the waist is
good It will pay you to rip all the seams
and carefully clean and press both lining
and outside.
Trimming taken from your summer hat.
the best parts of worn out but dainty
waists can be utilized in making up the
winter clothing.
The dress skirt is a satisfaction to
make over. The old ones were so full and
the new ones so scant and ruffles and
folds can be put on almost any place to
conceal a joining. Rip up the skirt and
clear, and press it well. If possible use
new lining, as old lining will not make
the skirt look fresh or keep it in good
shape.
Get a good pattern and lay It on the
cloth and place the breadths so that the
worn places can be cut out. If possible
i make it the inside out. Only a narrow
j lacing of haircloth will be wanted and
you will be able to get it out of the old
i wide one, using only the best portions.
If the skirt Is shrunk or worn at the
hem. piece out each breadth at the bottom
1 before the skirt is put together.
]>rf-Hses are to be worn very long and
the tendency is toward wearing trains
i again.
PROPER MASSAGE FOR BEAUTY
This department i. for the benefit if all those -who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you plearc and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communications to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, Ran Francsico.
MANY of my beauty-seekers,
I doubt not, believe that
massage is a modern fad,
and merely for the purpose
of rubbing some oil or
cream into the skin and
thereby bringing into the
cheeks a rose tint hue. However, this is
not so, for the cream is altogether an ad
junct to the massage.
Massage is as old as surgery. Indeed,
It is impossible to find out which is the
older, so it is pretty safe to say that mas
sage has been known and practiced al
most since Time was.
The chief luxury of the Grecian and Ro
man women consisted of the most luxur
ious baths, in which they reveled, follow
ing them afterward by vigorous massage,
which was administered by stout-armed
slaves. Among savage as well as civil
iz€-d peoples from the most ancient times,
massage has been practiced either in the
form of rubbing, kneading or anointing.
Take out your Homer and read how,
away back in the year 1000 B. C, the
women rubbed and anointed war-worn
heroes to rest and refreshed them.
We all know that when seized with a
violent pain we instinctively and involun
tarily press upon or rub the painful place,
usually with the result of subduing the
over-excited condition of the nerves, and
bringing almost instant relief. Massage is
exercise. It rouses the action of languid
skin tacilitatea srbaceous excretion, and,
by exercising the muscles, restores their
vigor thus making the flesh firmer and
giving new life to the entire system. In
truth there is no greater aid to beauty,
tt is the fat woman's comfort as well as
the thin girl's solace. It reduces fat,
when it has accumulated, and also gives
flesh to the unduly thin figure.
There is nothing better than facial mas
sage to ward off- wrinkles. Aided by a
good skin food it will add to one's beauty
and youthful appearance as nothing else
will. The muscles of the face, more than
any other part of the body, are lazy and
torpid. The massage brings the blood to
the surface and so stimulates the skin to
healthy action, while the skin food feeds
and nourishes the tissues.
It is difficult in a short article to de
scribe the movements necessary for
proper masage treatment. First of all,
To conceal the piecing out at the bot
tom you may use a broad fold of the
same as the skirt, which you will be able
to save out of the discarded widths. Two
or three narrow folds of the material or
of silk or velvet or else a braid or ruffle
can be chosen. Cloth skirts should be
opened on both sides of the front breadth.
Close the plackets either with button and
button holes or with a fly, under which
the pockets nre placed and easily found.
The skirts should hang close and hell
shaped, having the pleats quite together
at the back. Bloomers worn over the cor
set bottom are far preferable to under
skirts in -giving th<* proper effect. The
bloomer must, however, not be a knicker
bocker. but hang loosely and to the shoe
top without an elastic. The warmth re
quired must be found in an additional
pair or pairs of tights rather than in flan
nel petticoats.
PARIS
MILLINERY
or? TLLINERS continue to make!
//\//\ abundant use of flowers, trim-
II )\ \ ming their hats even with sun-
and all kinds of wild \
flowers; also with fruit, such as grapes,
cherries, strawberries, etc. Bows of
twisted velvet, mounted on stiff net, are
very much used. All the milliners also
make necklaces of jet or amber, bows and i
CAPE TRIMMED WITH MANY FOX 'HEADS.
neck trimmings in every description in
feathers, taffetas or muslin.
At Mmc, Marie Rebouch's, 40 Rue de la
Chausse d'Autin. I was shown a boating
hut of Manila straw with narrow brim
and trimni' -rl round the crown with a band
of mauve find white check ribbon. On
tho l«'ft side is a large bow of the same
ribbon, composed of nine loops. . The
cache-peigne is made of the same ribbon.
By Madame Hygeia
wash the face carefully In tepid water,
using a little pure castlle soap <jr flax
seed meal. This is most important for,
unless the particles of dust are thorough
ly removed, they will be kneaded into the
skin and untold mischief in the way of
irritation will result. After rinsing away
every particle of soap from the face, ap
ply the orange flower skin food, formula
for which has been given In these col
umns.
Then begin your massage. Every one
knows that as age creeps on the skin of
the face drops, therefore, to counteract
this tendency the rubbing should be in
the contrary direction.
Taking the nose as a central point, let
the rubbing be out and away from this
feature. Never rub in toward the nose.
The forehead should be massaged, be
ginning in center at the top of the nose,
diagonally and up. always rubbing trans
versely to all wrinkles. The chin Fhould
be massaged beginning in the center.
If there is a double chin and you wish
to massage it down to smaller proportions
you must dissolve the fatty tissues by
picking up the flesh between the thumb
and fore finger and rolling and rubbing
as much as you possibly can. without In
juring the skin, the rubbing to start In
the center end continue up toward the
ears. Then, to keep the flesh from get
ting flabby, the chin must be bathed In
cola water in wlgch a small piece of
alum has been dissolved, a piece the size
of a bean being plenty for a nlnt of wa
ter. This alum bath Is only to be given
when you are giving- the movements for
reducing the facial plumpness.
The fingers should be kept quite close
together when performing massage.
Never massage with dry fingers, as this
will stretch the skin and it will then drop
back Into deeper wrinkles than before.
Patting the face is a good plan when the
skin is particularly dull and lifeless and
without color.
Hard skins are made softer by being
rubbed with oil and flabby skins are ren
dered firmer by being rubbed with alco
hol, perfumed with verbena.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
TROUBLES-»<Sfop using hot water on
your face, it is a great mistake. Use
tepid water and, if you use soap, be
sure that it is the very beat quality
of white castlle. Then if you will
I masage the places under the eyes with the
At Mme. Michniewicz-Tuvee's, 25 Place
Vendome, I saw shown a toque of white
plaited Yedda straw, with the brim turned
up all round, slightly in the form of a pad
and spangled all over. •"• The crown 19
round, low and rather wide/ In the cen
tre in front is a Louis XVI bow of black
stiffened velvet, embroidered all over with
spangles. The hat is trimmed with two
white ostrich feathers, one upright behind
the bow, the other running round the
brim of the hat. : . •-/. ;.r:J
' ■ ■- — — r
BEAUTY
CLASSES
COLORED eyeglasses are quite the
thing this summer. Not the old
fashioned smoked kind; oh, no! but
tinted glasses of a color to har
monize with the eyes that wear them.
The summer girl who plays golf, rides
the bicycle and goes yachting in the
blazing sunshine does not object that
The sun, with ardent frown.
Doth slightly tinge her cheek with brown.
On the contrary, she considers a
healthy shade of tan is becoming. But
she does very much object to the effect
of a strong sunlight on her eyes. There
fore she shields them with colored glasses.
The crystal is ground not to magnify,
only to shade the eyes. For blue eyes
blue glasses are cnosen; for black eyea,
a delicate green; for brown-eyed lassies,
a pale tint of brown; and the effect is
charming. The color and expression of
the eyes seen through trHs medium are
at once softened and intensified. Eyes
to li^'ht for beauty take on a darker tint.
The glass ltnds sparkle. Lashes look
lungrr and more delicately shaded, and
altogether the effect is a decided success.
following skin food, I feel pretty certain
that you will be restored to happiness.
Spermaceti, *& ounce.
White wax, % ounce.
Sweet almond oil, 1 ounce,
Lanoline, 1 ounce.
Cocoanut oil, 1 ounce.
Simple tincture benzoin, 10 drops.
Orange flower water, 1 ounce.
ÜBe this every night, after washing the
face, and be careful not to get it in the
eyes.
ALICE SH.— Cleaning velvet is out of
my line entirely. The only advice I can
give you is to take it to a first-class
cleaner.
EMMA D.— Read advice given to Mrs.
L. A. T. Try the same treatment, and let
me know if it does not help you.
KATHIE. — A tonic made of equal parts
of cocoanut oil and fine white vaseline'
is what you need for the eyelashes.
Anoint the lids with this at nlg'ht.
BEATRICE B. B.— For answer to your
first question please read advice given
to Mrs. L. A. T. As for your second
question, massage Is excellent for the
purpose. There are also certain exer
cises that are helpful. One of these is
to lie flat on the floor on the back and
raise one leg and then the other as high
as possible ten times in succession; then
both legs together. Then fold the arms
and raise the body to a sitting posture
ten times. Perform this exercise each
night, and when standing take care to
throw the chest out and the stomach in.
E. J.— Flushing of the face usually in
dicates a general perturbation of the
health. It may arise from indigestion,
suppressed perspiration, and very often
from tight lacing. It is also caused by
nervousness and hysteria, because the
small vasomotor nerves which control
and regulate the cutaneous blood vessels
are disorderly in their action and relax
and contract spasmodically. Take lots
of walks; take a good blood tonic; wear
no tight bodices or bandages, and eat
lots of fruit such as pears, oranges and
figs. Avoid hot drinks; eat slowly, and
put the feet in hot water and mustard
powder every night. Also «cc to it that
your sleeping-room is well ventilated. I
cannot tell you how to test tooth pow
der, but I can tell you how to make a
pure on? if you desire It.
MENA L.— l have never heard of the
powder having the effect you describe. I
should not worry about the perspiration
going any place else until It get there.
You can uae this treatment If you prefer
LATEST STYLE BLAZER COAT.
It: "Wash the parts affected with rose
water, and then dust with a powder made
of three parts of rice powder and one
part finely powdered orris root.
LOUISE.— I can suggest nothing to al
ter the eyelids, nor do I know of any ap
plication that could be made to the
throat which would result in softening
the voice. There are certain breathing
exercises which will give one better use
and control of the voice. If you have any
throat trouble I would advise you to con
sult a throat specialist.
MILLY G. M.— l think that you can do
your own housework and still have nice
looking hands, if you will take care of
them. Keep a lemon or a tomato conven
iently near, with which to remove vege
table stains, and, if you can afford it, use
castile soap for dish washing. Do not
change the hands suddenly from hot to
cold water or from cold to hot. Keep a
pair of old gloves, with the tips of the
fingers cut off, to draw on when handling
coal or ashes or doing rough work of any
kind. Use this cold cream for the hands:
Pure white wax, 1 ounce; spermaceti, 2
ounces; almond oil, 1 pint; and glycerine,
3 ounces. Melt the three oily substances,
and while hot add the glycerine. Beat
ur.tll smooth and cold. Always dry the
hands carefully after taking them out of
water, and rub the cold cream into them
thoroughly when retiring for the night,
and, I am sure, the hands will soon bEow
v marked improvement. I know of noth
ing that will remove superfluous hair per
manently except the electric needle. I
have several times, in these columns, told
of a way by which it can be removed
temporarily.
W. C. GREY— The tonic is to be rubbed
Into the hair roots one or twice a day.
Yes, you can get the phosphates at a drug
store. Olive oil rubbed into the scalp is
excellent, but if you use the tonic that
will be oil enough, but you might invig
orate the hair roots by massaging the
scalp gently with fingers that have been
barely dampened in lukewarm water.
R. J. — For falling hair and dandruff, u a e
this tonic: Eau de cologne, S ounces;
tincture cantharide?, 1 ounce; oil English
lavendar, % dram; oil rosemary, V 2V 2 dram.
Apply to the roots once or twice a day.
Also look to the general health, take a
tepid sponge bath every day. take regular
exercise and be careful as to diet.
MARION— It certainly is annoying to
have one's nose get red and become swol
len. This is very often occasioned by bad
circulation or impure blood, although in
your case I rather fancy that it comes
from Indigestion, in which case; remove
the cause, or the effect will surely remain.
Regular exercise and careful diet, avoid
ing all rich and Indigestible foods, are
two necessities for its cure. Spices and
acids are particularly to be avoided.
Take hot foot baths every night, and
continue applying pure witch hazel to the
offending nose whenever you happen to
think of it.
A SUBSCRIBER— Coarse pores ar*> very
obstinate always, but I can recommend
the following wash with a considerable
degree of confidence. It clears the skin
and slowly draws the* pores closer to
gether:
Precipitated sulphur, 1 dram.
Ether, 4 drams.
Alcohol. 3V6 ounces.
Rub this into the skin at night just be
fore going to bed. Where there is a ten
dency to coarse pores the face should al
ways be washed in cold water.
MABEL S.— Dissolve fifteen grains of
borax in two tablespoonfuls of lemon
juice. Apply to the face at night. When
it has dried on the skin, massage with a
good pure cold cream. As to the habit
you say you have developed, it is a most
pernicious one and will certainly lead to a
derangement of the digestive apparatus,
the result of which will be pimples, black
heads and all sorts of unsightly facial
STUNNING CAPE OF OSTRICH FEATHERS.
blemishes. Do not let "I cannot" get the i
mastery of you, particularly at your early
ace. It Is a "bogey man" that. If onre It
gets the upper hand, you will find your
self in deadly conflict with all through ;
1 life. Now is the time, when life is young j
and character forming, to cultivate and
develop will power with which to combat ,
the many temptations you will certainly j
encounter in your journey through the :
world.
RITA— For the oily hair make this j
liquid soap and use for your shampoo: \
Cut in very small shavings one-halt ;
pound of pure imported castile soap. I
Place in a porcelain vessel with two
quarts of boiling water. Let it simmer I
until every particle of the soap is dis
solved. When cold it should be of the
consistency of rather thin cream, and, if :
thicker, add more warm water. Stir in
one-fourth pint of alcohol and let it
stand several days in a warm room. All
the alkali and impurities will settle to the
bottom and the liquid will be as clear as j
crystal. Pour this off very carefully,
leaving 1 residue for kitchen purposes, and :
add one-fourth ounce of essence of ver- |
bena. As the hair is so. very oily, add one ,
dessertspoonful of ammonia to two :
quarts of water when you wash your ;
hair. To make the hair grow and to pre- \
vent its falling out. apply a tonic made i
of fifteen grains of quinine In one-half !
pint of alcohol. Do not wash the hair \
oftener than once in two or three weeks, i
L. BETH— The hard white lumps that '
appear upon your face are, I think, a |
form of acne, which usually arises frcm !
debility or Impure blood. It is very ob- i
stinate and sometimes almost Impossible '
to cure. Careful attention must be paid '
to diet and habits. Hot baths are ex- !
cellent. I would also advise your having !
this prescription filled by your druggist: j
Extract of dandelion, one dram: pow- i
dered rhubarb, q. s. Divide Into three and !
one-half grain pills and take one every
night. If the little white lumps come to
a head, prick with a fine needle and press
the contents gently out. Then wash with
a pure alkaline soap, and after rinsing j
well in tepid water apply a warm solution
of bichloride of mercury, one part to 200
parts of distilled water. Sponge with this
for five minutes, being careful not to get
it In the eyes. Then smear with a good
cold cream and leave on over night. A
grease rouge can be made by adding to
your cold cream a very little bit of
powdered carmine. The least harmful
liquid rouge is made by filling a wide
necked bottle with the petals or dark red
roses and covering them with beat wine
vinegar obtainable.
A READER— If the smallpox pits are
not very deep, bleaching might help
them, but one is such a sorry looking
object while going through the process
of shedding the complexion that I would
prefer a more simple method. It will
take lots of patience, whatever treat
ment you follow. My advice would be
to start in upon a systematic routine of
massage, going round and round over the
surface of the face with the fingers well
smeared with the skin food formula for
which is given in reply to Troubles. Then
some time during the day apply this lo
tion: Alcohol, twelve drams; tincture
benzoin, two grams; liquid storax, two
grams. Put ten drops of the mixture in
half a glass of water, and with this
sponge the scars, allowing It to dry on
the face. Certainly a spider cancer can
be removed. A knife is generally used
for this purpose, although its removal
can sometimes be accomplished by ap
plying a cauterizing paste. There are
numerous causes for these afflictions, but
they are usually superinduced by a
bruise or irritation of some sort.
M. — Take two hot baths a week, scrub
ing the entire body briskly with a flesh
brush and a good soap. Take a dally
tepid sponge bath, plenty of exercise, and
avoid all greasy, rich foods. Get a cam
el's hair face scrubbing brush and scrub
the face each night with tepid water
and pure castile soap. After which rub
in the skin a good cold cream. An oc
casional steaming of the face will also
help. Try this treatment for a couple of
weeks, and if it does not help you write
to me again and I will tell of a lotion
to use in connection with it. I have nev
er heard of the remedies you mention, so
cannot advise you on the subject.
LILLIAN— If you road my reply to E.
J. in last Sunday's paper you found your
first question fully answered. For the
extreme nervousness, try to live a quiet,
unexcitable existence, with all the rest
and good nourishing food possible. Take
regular exercise in the open air. Sunlight
is a glorious medicine for nervous women.
Keep your mind cheerful and bright, and
above all do not dwell upon the state
of your nerves. Did you try the oatmeal
lotion?
MORTON— The condition of your scalp
and skin looks very like a skin disease of
some sort, for with good health and
youth the skin should be in a perfectly
healthy condition. Glycerine Is very dry
ing to some skins, and may be the cause
of the parchad look you complain of. Hot
water will also give the skin a stretched
and shiny look. Use tepid water. Here
are the proportions for the cold cream:
Pure white wax % ounce, spermaceti Hi
ounces, oil of sweet almonds IV* ounces,
rose-water % ounce. I would rather ad
vise in your case the skin food given in
foregoing reply to Troubles, but fancy it
is very like the one you have been using.
BERTHA— I know of no reason why
bay rum. and quinine should turn the hafr
gray. On the contrary, in the proper pro
nortions they make an excellent hair
tonic. It certainly is distressing to com
mence getting gray when one is only 20.
It must be due to HI health, worry or
over-study, or possibly it Is inherited. I
would advise your taking an iron tonic
prescribed by a physician, and use this
tonic on the hair: Two drams tincture
cantharides, 6 drams essence of rose
mary, 11 ounces elder flower water. A,
fod tooth powder can be made from the
olio wing ingredients: Carbonated magne
sia (powdered) 6 parts, orris root 2 parts,
pure powdered soap % part.
SADIE — I am sorry you have had to
wait so long for answers to your ques
tions. I assure you your present letter is
the only one from you that ever reached
me. Where the first one went or what
became of it I do not know. As to re
ducing your flesh, you can do so perma
nently only by a thorough change of diet
and life, assisted by continuous exercise.
Be sure that you take the proper amount
of exercises and that they are of the right
sort. Avoid all sugary and starchy foods,
all fats and fattening vegetables, such as
rice, potatoes, turnips and beets. Sub
stitute toast for bread, eat sparingly of
butter, and the more lemonade you drink
the better. Drink little coffee and no
milk. Never sleep more than seven
hours, and take hot baths, not remaining
in them long enough, however, for them
to debilitate. Trousseau, a celebrated
French physician, advised two grams of
bicarbonate of soda at each meal. The
subject of flushing was fully gone over In
answer to E. J. In Sunday's Call of Au
gust 28. Foregoing reply to Lillian will
answer another of your questions. No,
I cannot recommend arsenic. This should
never be taken unless by the advice of a
reliable physician. For the rash under
the skin you need a good blood tonic, and
for the coarse pores, if they are not
clogged up. try the sulphur wash suggest
ed to Subscriber. Fnr the eyebrows get
one ounce of alcohol and in it dissolve
five grains of quinine. Apply this every
other night, and on the nights in between
times massage very gently with the fin
gers dipped in pure olive oil slightly
warmed. I cannot advise you to try peel
ing the face. It Is a very risky proceed
ing, as nearly all face bleaches contain
corrosive sublimate, which is a deadly
poison. The result might be entirely sat
isfactory, and again it mtsrht bequlte the
contrary. MME, HYGEIA.
2728
LATEST ADDITIONS TO THE BOOK SHELF.
LABOR CO-PARTNERSHIP,
BY HENRY DEMUREST LLOYD.
WHEN KNIGHTHOOD
WAS IN FLOWER
5y Edwin Ctskodan.
NEVER was a prettier love story, of
the middle ages written than this
book from the pen of Edwin Cas
koden.
ft is called a "historical novel,"
and so It is, in a sense. Some of
the characters are famous In history, but
you will look long and earnestly through
the standard works for the record's of the
principal ones. They are not there.
But that does not mean that they never
lived and loved. The writer shows clear
ly that they dvi. and even accounts for
their lack 01 prominence in history. Tak
ing all this for granted the story Is a
clever and interesting one, and the read
er's attention is held from beginning to
end of the 250 pages.
The book is supposed to be the annals
of the Caskoden family handed down
from sire to son. Sir Edwin Caskoden,
master of the dance to Henry VIII, is the
man who wrote them. They are said to
be the personal reminiscences of his life,
and have been rewritten and rendered
into modern English by his descendant—
Edwin Caskoden of the L\ S. A. Hence
their appearance in book form. All the
preliminaries of the story are admirably
conceived and exceedingly clever.
Being a master of the dance to King
Henry VIII. Sir Edwin Caskoderi had a
splendid opportunity oi learning things
that other people did not. He was ac
quainted in all the courts of Europe and
easily able to mix up royal personages.
Bo it Is that Charles Brandon and Mary
Tudor, the sister of Henry VIII, get the
opportunity of falling in love.
The Princess Mary was IS when the
st«.ry opens, of surpassing fairness and
beauty. She was full of spirit, and al
though her heart was touched when she
first met Charles Brandon, she for a long
t!ni.- coquetted. At lust, when there was
a prospect of a parting Bhe made known
her real state of heart and then there
was more trouble.
Mar; dressed In male nttire, and fol
lowed her lover aboard ship, but being
discovered, was sent to land again; and
he was arrested. Great worries and perils
follow, und Mary's marriage to Louis do
Vakils only plunged both the lovers into
deeper affliction. In time Louis died, and
as Henry had promised his sister 8h«
Bh< uld marry whom she pleased on the
death of her royal consort, she, without
waiting for permission to be withdrawn,
as it would have, lieon, sent for Brandon
and married him. She forfeited her •><»
tates thereby, but the King ma.de Charies
Duke n{ Suffolk and:
"Now it was, as all who read may know,
that the sweet, willful Mary dropped out
of history; a sure token that' her heart
was her hunband's throne, her soul his
empire; • • • an ,j Bne tnf > meek and
lowly servant of her strong but gentle
lord and master. Charles Brandon. Duk*
or" Suffolk."
lh.- plot is conceived in the manner of
the period and characteristically carrlM
out. The di.tk.gue is good, and "the situ
ations are striking. The Bow»n-Merrill
Company, Indianapolis and Kansas Cltv
publishers.
LABOR CO-PARTNERSHIP.
By Henry Demarfit Lloyd.
Considering the great Interest now taken
in questions of sociology, this book Is sure
to prove a valuable addition to literature
on this subject. It dr.or not recite a theory.
but is, first of all. a statement of facts. "
'"Labor Co-partnership" is a volume of
essays on the subject of co-operation so
far as it r"f«>rs to workingmen who are
owners as well as wage-earners In their
establishments. Co-operation In Great
Uritain has won a first piaee among the
social movements of the century, and Mr.
Lloyd has studied on the ground the
newest and most advanced phases of Its
development.
To nearly all American readers, and to
most In England, the news of th» progress
which the British workingnmn has made
in capitalizing his labor and in making
hlm."<-lf the owner of his Instruments of
production will come as a surprise
Workshops, mills, factories, creameries
and even farms are In successful opera
tion in various purts of the kingdom
which were organized by workingmen
and working-women, and are owned and
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Past Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Au
gusta D. Wilson left for the Eiist on the
23d of last month. She will visit the city
of Washington. D. <"., and will be there
during the session of the General Grand
Chapter of the order.
Mrs. C Wetjen, worthy matron of Har
mony Chapter, and her charming daugh
ter, Miss Cordle, left for the East last
Wednesday. Mrs. Wetjen is to visit her
parents, woo will shortly celebrate their
golden wedding.
"The Old Maids' Convention," a farce
presented by members of Mission Chapter
of the <.rdi.T of the Eastern Star In Mis
sion Music Hall Tuesday evening, pleased,
to a marked degree, more than three hun
dred ladieti and gentlemen. The farce in
two acts and three scenes is a clever
Fr dr.- on secret organizations to whic-h
Women only are eligible to membership,
auii is exceedingly witty. In addition to
the humor that there is In it there are
charming vocal solos. duets, trios and
choruses, and some fancy dancing.
In the east there are twenty-six char
acters, the principals being: Mrs. Alice
P. Hlckie, Mrs. Mary G. Foster. Mrs.
Sarah M. Flack. Mrs. Battle McPhun.
Mrs. Anna M. McKnew, Mrs. Alice Ford,
Mrs. Alice Levia, Mrs. Abbi* Powis, Mrs.
Lillie Gabbs, Miss Jessie B. Lyon and
James A. Wilson, the only man who ap
pears and creates consternation at the
• •onvention. The old maids have organ
ized to devise ways and means 1.0 each
secure a husband, and the themes pre
sented a.re based on the most feasible
way to "catch a man for life." The cos
tumes worn by the participants are ridic
ulous in the extreme, but serve to carry
out the ideas of the author. The dia
logue in bright and interspersed with local
hits that were well received.
DEGKEE OF THE AMARANTH.
A Grand Court for California of the
Royal and Exalted Degree in the Rite
of Adoption, Order of the Amaranth, was
duly instituted at Pasadena on the 25th
of August, with Deputy Supreme Royal
Patron A. M. Bettes as the instituting of
ficer. Sir Knight Hughes, In the capacity
of grand installing officer, fulfilled his
charge in a. very Impressive manner. The
following officers were elected and in
stalled in their respective offices for the
current year: Honored Lady Carrie L.
Peasley, grand royal matron; Sir Knight
Robert G. Cunningham, grand royal pa
tron; Honored Lady Mary J. Parker,
grand honored associate matron; Sir
Knight George W. Drew, grand royal pa
tron; Sir Knight A. M. Bettes. grand
treasurer; Sir Knight Robert Williams,
grand secretary; Honored Lady Addie L.
Ballou, grand honored conductress; Hon
ored Lady Annie E. Dlffenbach, grand
honored associate conductress; Honored
Lady Nellie C. Hester, grand truth; Hon
ored Lady Emma C. Maigren, grand
faith- Honored Lady May G. Wiley,
grand charity; Honored Lady Emily A.
Coarsen, grand herald; Honored Lady
Elizabeth Declous, grand warder; Sir
Knight William Sifford. grand sentinel.
The exemplification of the Impressive
mystic rite was given at Pasadena by
fast officers of Golden Crown Court No.
of that city, and on Friday evening by
the present officers of that court, on Sat
urday evening at Los Angeles by Los
Angeles Court No. 4 by Its present offi
cers, after which a banquet was served in
the lavish style characteristic of that
city of fraternity, amid toasts and varied
greetings. The Order of the Amaranth
Is in a most happy and flourishing condi
tion in our southern sister cities. The de
grees were conferred on a number of new
members after the exemplification of the
■work.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Representatives J. W. Warboyo, A. M-
WHEN KIGHTMOOD WAS IN POWER,
managed by them on the principle of la
bor co-partnership which means that
every employe may be a part owner and
shall be a sharer In results.
There are 150 and more of these co-oper
ative establishments for production In
England, some of them over a generation
old. They have an aggregate capital of
upward nf $5,000,000, turning out an annual
product of $10,000,000, and making a profit
of $500,000 a year— a better record of pros
perity than the co-operative store move
ment made in its generation.
Women who sit as directors In the
board of managers of the factories in
which they are both stockholders and
wage-earners, towns In which a large pro
portion oY the population are 00-opera
tors. a great London gas company in
which every workman and officer is a
shareholder, and on the board of which
this year two of its workmen are to sit
as directors— these are specimens of the
novelties this economic traveler abroad
has returned to tell us of.
The book is grapnically illustrated with
photographs, and an appendix contain
ing statistics on the subject is added.
But nothing is perfect In this world, and
the author admits that co-operation is not
always. His book Is fascinating and un
doubtedly many people of whom he
writes are better off under co-operation
than they would be otherwise. But the
philanthropist Is an unseen quantity in
their view of life.
In the end Mr. Lloyd admits that "co-
ELECTRICITY AND GOD.
SPEAKING more from personal ex
perience than from history, it maybe
safely said that, to us of the laity,
the fact of the passage nt a current
of electric fluid through a circuit of
conducting wire seems too simple
and too easily understood to create sur
prise or inquiry Into the mysterious char
acter of the fluid. The going ort of such
a circuit through miles of conducting
wire and its return through the earth to
complete the circuit, although a proved
fact, seems incredible, because It Is not
easily comprehended.
The passage of such a circuit for miles
through the atmosphere— through th>
hypothetical etlu>r. if you choose—with
out a wire or other conducting medium
! and its demonstrable return to complete
the circuit, becomes a fact astounding In
its incomprehensibility. The added fact
that It Is not a fluid— nothing physically
appreciable— that passes, but simply a
self -projected energy known only by its
effei-tB, taken together with a knowledge
of the uses to which that energy has
been put. completes the concept of an in
scrutable mystery. What wonder, then,
that consideration of the astonishing ad
vances In our knowledge of the proper
ties and uses of electricity, without the
slightest approach to a knowledge of
what electricity is, should suggest the
Drew, J. F. Doran and Past Grand Rep
resentative A. R. Lord left yesterday for
Boston, Mass.. lo attend me session of^
the sovereign Grand Lodge.
On the 14th Inst. Cosmopolitan Lodese^
will hold an open meeting, oh which oc-^
Ciislon the members of Oriental Rebekah
j-,odge will pay :i fraternal visit. 4
Last Sunday a number of the members^
of the relief committees of San Francisco,
of Sacramento and of Stockton were ihe^
guests in San Jose of the relief commit-^
tee of that city. The guests rfvtched the
Garden City the evening before and were-4
entertained. On the following day. afteM
attending the meeting of the committee,^
they were treated to a banquet, where 1
the utmost good feeling prevailed foH
several hour?.. At the Saturday entertain-,
ment a programme was presented which" 1
included addresses by P. F. Gosbey. P.-^
G. M.: Karl C. Breuck. by the presidents,
of the several committoees and by J. 1..." 1
Robinette. grand warden. There were.4
also vocal and instrumental numbers.
Past Grand George J. Strong was on"*
last Tuesday evening presented by I. E.^
Jarrett. P. G.. on behalf of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 204. with a beautiful silver lov-i
ing cup as a token of the appreciation the^
lodge hns for the recipient for a'l the ac
tive work he has done for it and the ordrH
In the past. It was a handsome eompli-j
ment to a hard working, painstaking and
energetic member of the order. "i
THK REBEKAHS. *
Last Monday night the members of 1
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, after the close oH
busin«Bß, had an entre nous affair, which
was provocative of a great deal of
amusement. The ladles of the lodge
brought Into the room a Job lot of old
discarded hats and trimmings, including
feathers, lace, ribbons and gewgaws, that
serve to Increase the milliners' bills.
Placing them on a table they requested
the gentlemen of the lodge to trim the
hats, giving each so many minutes to
complete the Job. The idea of millinery
as developed by man was strange and
wonderful, and as each candidate pre
sented his work It was criticized by
Miss Tlllie Braver, who was made the
chief Judge of man's want of taste In the
combination of material and colors in
making a love of a bonnet. Dr. A. N.
Copsey. in the opinion of all, made the
best attempt, but the Judges decided oth
erwise, but, as some one remarked, "they
were women, consequently not Judges."
A dance followed the diversion.
On the 20th inst. Loyal Lodge will ob
serve Rebekah day by a dramatic enter
tainment In Odd Fellows' Hall. The com
mittee arranging the affair Is Miss J.
Marguerite Bell, Mrs. J. H. Simpson and
Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus.
Oriental Rebekph Lodge had a basket
auction on last Wednesday night, and
there were a great many bidders among
the large number of persons present. W.
H. Barnes, P. G. M., was the auctioneer
of the evening, and by his humorous
manner of disposing of the goods at
tracted many to the bidder's stand. The
ladies furnished the baskets and contents,
and the bidder was privileged to partake
of the contents of the basket with the
lady who donated It.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Last Wednesday night Valley Lodge
gave an entertainment to its friends In
Laurel Hall, Shlels building, but there
were many who went away disappointed,
as they could not find a place In the hall,
so crowded was it. The programme, In
addition to addresses delivered by J. N.
Young. P. G. M. W., on "Benefits of Fra
ternal Societies," and by Mrs. Evelyn
Mayon G. C. of H., on "The Degree of
Honor," included many brilliant num
THE SAN FPANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, IS9B.
BY EDWIN CASKODEN
operation can go on In America as in
Great Britain and on the Continent only
by the help of men of means, culture and
good will; men well to do in -iod deeds
as well as title deeds." As has been said.
Mr. Lloyd's point of view Is that of the
socialist, and in his enthusiasm he is apt
to excuse the faults of the system— if not
to overlook them— and to exaggerate its
benefits. He finds ethical advantages In
co-operation that might not be observed
by a le.ss partial reporter, un the whole,
however, the book is a careful and fair
minded review of the situation In Eng
land, and should stimulate study of a
subject that has been too greatly neg
lected on this side of the Atlantic." Har
per & Brothers, publishers. Price $1.
THE YANKEE NAVY.
This Is a very handsome little volume,
giving graphic sketches of the heroism
of the American In the Revolutlonary
AVar. the War of IKI2. some of the leading
notable events in the Confederate War.
and a brief chapter to the heroes of the
recent war. Life Publishing Company,
New York. Price $1.
"Fifty Tears of Masonry In California."
Part X of this valuable adlunct to Masonic
literature Is to hand. The feature of this num
ber in a continuation of the series of articles
on "The Subordinate Lodges of California "
Gr-orKe Spauldlng <fc Co.. Publishers. San Fran
clsoo.
CONCLUSIONS
After a
LONG STUDY
of tf)e
Mysterious fluid
BY DR. O. O. BURGESS.
question, tentatively and not Irreverently
asked: Is electricity God?
Electricity Is Invisible, lnllntte, omni
present, eternal.
We see the electric spark, the arc
light, the lightning's flash, but these arc
only the effects of electricity upon the
medium through which it Ik passing and
not electricity Itself. The presence of
electricity In the molecule as in th»'
mountain, in the earth and in the heav
ens, is ;i demonstrable fact; and, that It
is Infinite, that it extends from the pri
mary element to the greatest concretion
of elements floating in illimitable space,
is a necessary corollary to th.it fact
That Its power is sufficient to reduce the
universe to chaos, if fully and perversely
exerted, admits of no doubt. That It has
not done so proves the existence of a law
that governs it. Frightful examples of
its apparent lawlessness, as seen In cy
clones and earthquakes, only prove this
law by establishing its necessity. Law
that governs effectively Implies some
thing behind it that has intelligence to
formulate It and power to enforce it.
Thai electricity has neither beginning
nor end Is evidenced by the conditions of
its existence.
Electricity, If not life itself, is essential
to it. and competent to create It. It Is
therefore competent to create man. The
phenomena that identify inorganic life
and prove Its existence are found also
among the most common of the manifes
tations of electricity. The accepted the
ories of light, heat and electricity are
• practically one and the same— the vibra
tory transmission of energy. This energy
is creative, as it Is the life of the combi
.natlon? and forms of the elements known
to us as inorganic and organic matter,
"and the physical climax of all these com
.blnatlons Is man.
We speak of primary elements, but the
'number of these Is steadily decreasing.
-With enlarged knowledge and improved
methods of study one after another of
"the supposed simple elements is found to
-be complex. Is it too visionary to believe
that there is but one primary element
"and but one energy; and further, that
► these two are but one. and that one God?
This as It stands here would not be a
'claim that electricity is God. however
► many of his attributes it mny seem to
possess. It would be a claim that it is
"a principal as it 1b the most striking
► manifestation of God vouchsafed to finite
It would seem to prove
"that to know what electricity is would
"imply a better conception or closer
► knowledge of God than has ever yet
reached. May we not say that it
would be to know God?
>- We have no proof that electricity is
or that its power and purposes
are srlf-directed and self-consslously
► systematized and prearranged. Without
this proof it can only be considered as
the principal and most striking manifes
tation of God's presence but not as God
himself.
*" In view of this conclusion, the state
► ment that electricity is competent to
create man may seem heterodox and false.
""It is not so. The creation of physical
► man only Is contemplated In that state
ment. But we. may add that, in one. sense,
•■electricity Is essential to the creation of
► spiritual man also, for spiritual man
would seem to grow with and out of the
man.
In this connection arises a theory, full
bers of vocal and instrumental music nnd
specialties. Those who took part were:
Professor A. Agard, Miss Letitla Mord
horst. the Waterman sisters, —MB Ger
trude B;iker, Miss GußSie Smith, Miss An
nie Werner, L. R. Isaacs. Miss Lilllo
Ha.iahnn Miss Lillian Sutton, Robert T.
Baker. Miss Lou E. Hayes, little Lizzi<-
Callahan and Miss Hattle Baker. After
the programme there was a dance, and it
was past midnight before the plea.sure
loving folks separated.
Liberty Lodge of Ocean View gave an
entertainment In Wolff's Hall in that
place last night, at which there was a
good attendance. An enjoyable pro
gramme was presented, and at its close a
farce, "Confusion," was offered. Then
there was dancing till daylight.
The Past Masters' Association benefit
at the Alcazar the first four nights of last
week was a great success. Many lodges
showed their friendliness to the associa
tion by attending In a body. Among them
were Memorial, Prosperity and others.
The play presented was "The Butter
flies.
Past Supreme Master Workman Wil
liam H. Jordan will deliver a lecture be
fore Magnolia Lodge on Monday evening,
under the auspices of the Past Masters'
Association of this city.
Special Deputy W. A. Imes has pre
pared a claas of thirty candidates to be
initiated by Union Lodge of Sacramento
on Monday evening. Deputy Grand Mas
ter Danforth will officiate.
The proposed picnic under the auspices
of Hills Ferry Lodge and Progress Lodge,
D. of H., promises to be a very pleasant
affair.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Minerva Lodge of Alameda was visited
a few evenings since by Mrs. M. Pink
ham, D. D. G. C. of H., and Grand Re
corder Mrs. Poland. There were present
as visitors a number of the members of
Silver Star Lodge of North Oakland. The
visitors made Interesting remarks and at
the close of the meeting coffee and cakes
were served.
Silver Star Lodge gave a social and
dance In Babcock's Hall In North Oak
land last Wednesday evening and all
present had a pleasant time.
Emerald Lodge of Los Angeles gave
of strength and probably of truth. Ad
mitting It to be true that the spiritual
man grows out of the physical man, It
does not necessarily follow that an exist
ence that must end with the completion
of its cycle should be common to both.
Complexity of element Is necessary to vis
ible, physical form, and that fact In itself
is proof of the absolute necessity of a
simple element to invisible, spiritual
form. The simple element is deathless,
while the complex, formed from the
simple, must necessarily die.
Therefore, death to the physical form
is Inevitable because It is complex and not
elementary; while death to the spiritual
form or entity is impossible because it is
simple and strictly elementary. Death,
therefore, is always relative and never
absolute. It is a cessation of that func
tional activity which creates visible form
and consequent identity through the con
version of the simple into the complex.
AVith this cessation, however, there Is no
elation of that correlative activity
which reconverts the complex Into the
simple— on the contrary, that activity 13
greatly increased. Hence the ultimate
effect of death is absolute destruction of
visible form and the identity dependent
upon It: in other words, disintegration
of the integrate. But that which is not
integrate cannot be disintegrated. Hence
the (-"mposinpr element, or elements, of
form cannot die— only the form itself
Therefore death can be only relative and
never absolute.
We spoke of the beginning of the spirit
ual, the actual man. as coincident with
that of the physical man. Logically, that
which has a beginning must have an end.
There can no more be a beginning than
an end to immortality. Why. therefore,
shall not the spiritual man die with the
physical 9 The reason why he shall not is
to "be found in the radical distinction that
exists between the two.
Let us look into their contemporaneous
! beginning and development for a better
knowledge of that distinction and for a
I better understanding; of the truth of the
; apparently illogical proposition that an
j entity may have a beginning without nec
essarily having an end. Both begin in
terdependently In one and the same im
material, immortal element: that is to say,
In that specific energy or life which de
velops a material cell that otherwise
would perish, into men and through him
into his immortal soul, and essentially,
therefore, the two are then one. Hut
their development, although interdepend
ent also, creates the radical distinction we
are in search of. Nothing can be more
radical than the distinction between mor
tality and immortality and that is pre
cisely what this distinction, created
through development, actually is. "ho
development of physical man need not be
dwelt upon. it consists of.the develop
ment of the simple, the immaterial, into
the complex, the material, and the aggre
gation of these materials into form. The
physical man is therefore simply a ma
terial form whose identity consists In
parts and features of that form which are
appreciable to and recognizable through
the physical sen?«s. Now. the develop
ment of the spiritual man involves no
change whatever in that out of which, or
more correctly, in which. he is developed.
It consists of the accumulation find reten
tion of every impression received by the
sensorium through the «->s. the bodily
avenues to it (or form jther sources, if
such exist). • during life In the body and
the uses made of them.
The spiritual man, therefore. is not a
visible form, but an entity made up of
the sum of all the impressions, together
with that which has been developed out
of them by ratiocination or otherwise. He
is a definite, recognizable, self-conscious
condition of a whole that has no parts.
His identity is as perfect as that of the
physical/ man.- for it is that of the phy
sical man. Identity can only he recog
nized by the mind, the spiritual man. The
body of the dead man cannot recognize
itself, nor can the living man recognize
the identity of anything when l\)\ the
sensual avenues to the sensorium are
closed.
The actual man is, therefore, the soul,
the spiritual man. Hence death of the
material body no more involves ,death of
the Immaterial soul than does death of
the material form invole death of the im
material elements composing it. And,
since the latter proposition is suscepti
ble of positive proof by demonstration.
it becomes a positive proof of the former.
Although fnr from the truth, it would
seem that the Initial question. "Is Elec
tricity God?" has been lost sight of in
the effort to show that the material uni
verse, which is perishable, I:; formed out
of the Immaterial, which is imperishable.
That the evident purpose, end and aim
of creation, so far as this earth is con
cerned. in the. creation of man. That the
-evident -purpose in: the creation of man
is the creation of his soul. That while the
mortal man must. die and lose his ident
ity the Immortal soul of him can neither
die nor lose its Identity. The relation of
all this to the main question will appear
further on.
Lot us pause to remark that man Is a
born egotist. Exasperated self-import
ance is a characteristic of his that Is
unfailing and uninterrupted In its- heredi
tary descent. v This leads him to
look upon the world he lives In as tho
center of the universe,* and himself as
the sole object for which the universe
was created. As a son of God he con
siders himself the only son. He forgets
that since the world he lives in is but
a small and comparatively Insignificant
body among the great ones of the uni
verse. It is more than probable that he
himself would hold a relatively insignifi
cant place among the inhabitants of those
greater bodies. His ultimate destiny is
necessarily the same as theirs, hut when
he reaches the higher confines of it, he
may find that he compares with them as
the' travel stained peasant Immigrant
compares with us on his arrival from a
foreign shore. If he should, it will mean
that the gradations in the development
of souls? that exist while they are In the.
body are not completely swept away
when they leave It. And this will mean
continued opportunity for advancement
and opportunity under vastly improved
conditions, together with the unending
happiness that Is Inseparably connected
with it. '
One more thought in this connection. Tt
Is quite possible to conceive that a soul
in the body may bpenmo so utterly per
verted as to be insensible to every Influ
ence leading to its advancement, even af
ter it has left the body, and. therefore,
it may become irrevocably lost to the
pood.
But, to return to the main question, a
legitimate deduction from all that has
beon i=aid is the conclusion that as the
physical body is man but not actual man,
so electricity is Oon hut n"t the actual
God. That Is to say. that while electrici
ty is of God and Is God, God is not elec
tricity, but God.
It would be an affront to the intelli
gence of the thoughtful reader to direct
attention to the fact that, while scrip
tural authority has been carefully avoid
ed, there is not a statement in this paper
which, if rightly considered, is not in full
accord with it. But some readers are
more prejudiced than thoughtful.
a successful entertainment recently, and
the programme that was offered and suc
cessfully carried out was a credit to the
committee on entertainment. R. F. Wells.
sppcial deputy for the A. O. U. W.j made
;i very Interesting speech, In which he
paid a compliment to the Degree of
Honor and to the membership of Emerald
Lodge in particular. Emerald Lodge,
the senior of Los Angeles, has the grati
tude of Magnolia for courtesies extended
and for assistance rendered by the drill
team.
One assessment has been levied for the
current month.
NATIVE SONS.
California Parlor has named John H.
C4rady and James J. Jamison a commit
tee to draft resolutions to the memory of
the late Dr. John F. Morse.
California Camp, of the Argonauts will
visit Vr.llejo on the Ist of October to
confer the elaborate degree on the mem
bers of the parlor in tnat place who are
nnxious to be initiated. The Native Sons'
Band. Professor Sousa Barton, will ac
company the camp.
Fred H. Jung has been elected record
ing secretary of Stanford Parlor.
Sunset Parlor of SaCTamento will cele
brate Admission day at Dixon.
Cabrillo Parlor of Ventura has a num
ber of its members in Company H of the
Seventh California Volunteers. One of
these. Private Ruiz, died last Tuesday.
Private Thomas Maguire. another native
son volunteer, la on the sick list and is
being cared for at the French Hospital.
Mission Parlor Hall was filled to over
flowing on the occasion of the fourteenth
anniversary ball of Mission Parlor. The
affair was a success in every respect.
The floor was under the direction of
Floor Manager S. Joseph Theisen, as
sisted by F. C. Gerdes and the following:
D. B. Bowley, G. P. Neppert, A. Wagner,
G. A. Klein and F. A. Tibbets.
The success of the party was greatly
due to the efforts of the committee of
arrangements, consisting of W. P. Hum
phreys. F. C. Gerdes, H. L. Hartman, S.
Jacobs and James Ellison.
Thf hall was tastefully decorated with
red, white and blue bunting and the stage
wag almost hidden with palms and trop
ical plants, in the mass of which the
PLAY DAY WITH MALIETOA`S QUEEN.
IN the keening and wailing asso
ciated with King Malietoa's
death, in the political dissensions
concerning his successor, who
gives a thought to the "Tongan
Woman" who so long ruled her
supine lord with a rod of iron? Samoa
is the woman's realm par excellence,
the land where, having few wrongs,
she demands no rights. Yet now and
again a grievance, in the shape of an
undesired divorce, falls to the lot of
even the bluest blooded Samoan chief
tainess. It would have fallen to Mali
etoa's widow had she been of the stuff
of which martyrs are made. But the
blood of an imperious race rioted in
her veins, and, despite national pro
test, meek Malietoa shared his throne
with her to the end.
What are her thoughts now, where
she sits among the tombs — sits as we
saw her two years ago, when life was
r-till play, despite its problems? From
my old Samoan diary I cull the fol
lowing account of that day when, un
der the domed roof of Moli, the King's
brother highest in rank, Malietoa's
Queen watched Malietoa's recruits
play at soldiering.
• • »
SAMOA, 1596.— T0-day Sapapale was
en fete, its glittering white church was
to be formally opened and our com
pany was earnestly requested by a
special messenger from our old host
"'Monsieur," otherwise Moli, the King's
maternal and therefore favored,
brother. Malietoa's fraternal relations
are on a liberal scale, but in this part
of the world it is the female blood tie
that holds good, and your mother's son
sticks closer to you than a brother —
In the ordinary way.
Of course, if Sapapale wanted us, we
were bound to go. Has it not given us
our one and only experience of the de
lights — and drawbacks — of hobnob
bing with royalty? To be sure, Mon
sieur is not the rose, but he has lived
very close to the rose, has shared its
notoriety, its wanderings in exile, and
some of the attendant glory haloed us"
when we formed a portion of his
household. It is quite true that we.
shook the dust of Sapapale off our.
angry feet on the day when Tauna
mal's woes appealed to us; dignified,"
hospitable Taunamai, the presiding"
spirit of the place, whom Monsieur
sacrificed to state interests as ruth-.
lessly as Napoleon sacrificed Joseph
ine. But to-day was a gala-day on"
which domestic tragedies were Ignored."
Monsieur wanted us to grace Sapa-
pale once more with our presence — and,
we graced it.
When we reached the familiar domed"
hut, the finest native house, with ont"
exception, in all the Navigator group, -
we were lifting one of the mat shutterr
with the contempt bred of familiarity,
when our progress was arrested by^
an irate female sentinel. Malietna ivas,
ill, but his Queen represented him at
the church festivities and her Gra-"*
cious Majesty was within being dul>H
combed and titivated by her women. h
The result was not apparent v.hen.
royalty emerged, in an ordinary cot
ton gown, a common comb f-.tuck^
across her fluffy hair. Far more iin--<
pressive was the spokeswoman, lall-<
and graceful, rustling in native siapo,,
which she wrapped about her with a
sweeping gesture, and decollete and"
garlanded to a startling extent in thaH
decorous crowd arrayed in ugly a
church-going sacques. But a public,
oratress, with traditions to keep up
cannot afford church conventionalism; 1
rn a^old^eK On^ arl ° r Wa3 embl^ 20ned
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Ursula Parlor of Jackson. Amador
County, pave a grand ball last week In
dedication of Webb Hall in that place,
and It was one of the most succ^sful af
fairs that was ever given In Jackson.
The committee, consisting of Miss Daisy
Littlefield, Mrs. Charles Ginochlo, Mrs. H.
Goldner. Miss Loretta Meehan and Miss
Margaret De van, had arranged every
thing to such a degree of perfection. that
It. was a pleasure to note how well Native
Daughters can do when they want to
There were more than 100 couples in tne
grand march, which was led by Miss
Mamie Kelly, president of the parlor, and
car Reichling. brother of Miss Lilly 0.
Reichling, the founder of the order of
, the Native Daughters. There wore at
least 300 persons : in . attendance.
MACCABEES DRILL.
The Knights of San Francisco Tent of
the Maccabees and the members ; of San
Francisco Hive of the Ladies of the Macca
bees gave an entertainment Tuesday even-
Ing in Social Hall, Alcazar building, to their
friends who are not members of the ; or
der, to give them an ; idea of what the
two organizations-are. In addition to an
excellent programme there was presented
a. drill by a team from each' order four
teen in each team. ' -•■< ■ ,» '
♦ v, To tl }? majority of those who crowded;
the hall to its utmost limit that was a
revelation. . The Knights were attire! in
new. costumes that were procured at a ■
c « s ,of *600, and ; are of the finest ma- -
terlal. The costumes are those that were
worn 'by the Maccabees whose history &
given in the recital of the people otlllm
f-->-'-'.i he - habiliments of the high priest
and : other dignitaries of the order are
not only rich in material, but in color and
resplendent with gold; jewels and bright '
ftllvm.^ costumes of the ladies are •
at t?r^ H f v} eh and the combination of the
I fIM he m h an X Participants produced
"" e _ e ™ ct - JJ heh c drill was a perfection of
S>eeSS?£'' a ,2S-'% on ' the admiration of the
inffirm^L f nL qUently applauded the
The programme included an address of
Extracts From a Diary.
she must look picturesque and majes
tic at any cost.
The Queen is neither picturesque nor
majestic, but her rare smile displays
pretty dimples and, despite her ene
mies, the clever face can look benevo
lent when pleased. The ild enemies,
Dy the way, oppose her on national
grounds. She is a Tongan and loy
auy insists on a Samoan bride. But
either Malietoa Is a more faithful
spouse than his brother, Moli, or our
lady of Tonga has more determination
than the self-sacrificing Taunamal; for
the King is said to listen to the word
divorce" in fear and trembling, with
visions of a poisoned cup as the con
sequence. Poor Taunamal! Her quon
dam palace, when thrown open, showed
the lack of her mistress hand; the dec
orations were failures, comfort was
lacking, people bustled about in aim
less fashion — Monsieur, gorgeous in
pantaloon and gold braid, the "most
bustling and aimless of all.
Then the band played.
It played down by the church, it
played up the green and round the
domed palace, it strutted and puffed
and made all the noise it could mus
ter, and its admirers gaped with de
light. A cracked bugle led; the pret
tiest girl in Sapapale followed, play
ing the mouth organ; "Murat's" wife,
green garlanded, worked her accor
dion and beside her marched "General
Murat" himself, black knickerboik
ered, short- waisted, swallow-tailed,
brass-buttoned, performing on the big
drum. The conch shell also had a
part; but the crowning joy of the
band lay in its reeds— literal reeds cut
from the cane and discoursing sweet
music like the wheeze f a harmo
nium without the notes. When the
band had pranced round sufficiently,
SAMOAN WOMEN PREPARING Th|E FEAST.
and won the Queen's commendation,
it wheezed and drummed back to its
starting place amid a chorus of admi
ration.
Next came the drill with the band
to support It.
The drill was magnificent. We had
nearly three dozen men, all in white
caps, jackets and knickerbockers, with
brown legs to match their brown guns.
They were led by a fussy little fellow
In a cocked hat who had tied up his
black trousers over white ones, leav
ing a nice little ankle frill. Braid vel
veteen nearly burst his seams with Im
portr-nce, his aide-de-camp was gor
geous in scarlet jacket, and the sol
diers were well nigh harried out of
their lives.
"Fall to your places — march for
welcome by Mrs. Eudocia Moffat. lady
state commander: vocal solo. Mrs \\ hit
tiey; address by Sir Knight S. W. Hall.
State commander; duot. Miss Bertha
Julian and Mr. Feld. and recitations by
Mrs>. Dipple and H. Neunan. After the
nrogramroe there was dancing and a col
lation in the banquet hall. The commit
tee having: charge of the entertainment
was composed of George V. Leroi. Henry
v. Tickner and Harry Knox for the
\'nights, and Mrs. T. J. Harris Mrs.
Übby Deal and Mrs. G. V. Lerol for »he
adles.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Tt has been decided that the entertain
ment to be given under the auspices of
?an Francisco Chapter of the American
'luild <s to be held in Native Sons" Hall
m the night of the 30th of September.
A first-class programme will be presented
under the direction of the following
named, who constitute the committee of
derangements: Henry Huffschmidt. Dr.
A. T. Derby, C. Cullen, W. S. de Coursey,
Dr. Pratt. O. IT. Hlckey, Charles Huff-
Schmidt, J. R- Wear. R. W. McGarvie,
Mrs. Isabel M. Strong and Mrs. S. D.
Pries.
Shortly after the entertainment the
chapter" will give a smoker for the ben
efit of the gentlemen who belong to the
order.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST OF A.
Last Wednesday night a large number
of people attended the entertainment and
social given in Alcaxar Hall by Robin
Hood Circle. As on the occasion of the
previous entertainments given by this
circle the programme presented was a
very enjoyable one, and those who are
deserving of special mention are Miss
Emma Laederich, who rendered a vocal
solo that was marked for its purity and
sweetness, and "The Honolulu Lady," in
costume, given by Miss Alice Ticoulet.
whose effort won the warmest applause.
There was a whistling solo by Morris
Marks, musical selections by a quartet,
fancy dance by little Eunice Miller, spe
cialties by Miss Zoe Duval and Miss
Ruby Manderaille, recitations by Gertie
Sutherland and George Alexander, a
piano duet by the Misses Malmberg and
i vocal solo by Jules Mendel. Dr. W. A.
Atwood acted as master of ceremonies
and acquitted himself In a very credita
ble manner. The programme was fol
lowed by dancing.
The picnic that was given last Sunday
it Pllttsville Park by Inter Nos Club, un-
Jer the auspices of Inter Nos Circle, was
ivell attended, and all enjoyed themselves
with the programme provided by the com
mittee on entertainment.
The members of Golden Era Circle to
the number of fifty-five had a most en
loyable trolley ride" over the lines of the
atectrfc cars last Tuesday night. At In
?leslde the party rested for an hour and
snjoyed a bountfful lunch provided by the
thoughtful committee of arrangement.
The past chiefs' entertainment ana
Jance last week was a very pleasant af
fair, and was attended by a goodly num
ber of lovers of the dance. Under tne
Slrectlon of the committee on entertain
ment (M. E. Licht, Mrs. L. Atwood ana
Mrs. C. Tucker), there was a short, en
tertaining programme, in addition to an
tddress by Grand Chief Companion ira
ft". Coburri. who dwelt upon the good that
the Past Chiefs' Association can flo tor
he order, and urged the members to con
:inue in the good work they h ilV< * star V£l;
Reports recently received predict the
?arly establishment of a number or new
tfrcfes in various parts of the State.
FORESTERS' RELIEF ASSOCIATION.
The Foresters' Relief Association is still
loing good work at the Presidio camp
mending to the wants of the sick sol
lle'rs of the hospital tents. Each day a
lumber of ladies from the circles are on
iuty at the Foresters' tent preparing
soups tea toast and delicacies for those
who are In need of them, and what they
ire doing Is greatly apprecip-ted by those
who receive the good things that they
:urnish them. On Mondays the tent Is In
ward — march back— back row come
front— Now: One to the front, one to
[ the lfft, turn to the right— the right—
i the right— drop your gun, pick up your
i gun— BEAT TIME!"
And so on ad lib. shouted in Eng
\ lish by Braid Velveteen, while a croud
that "dotes on the military" watched
with critical eyes.
During an interval of rest Monsieur
; made a pretty speech, welcoming th*
army to his home and all its comforts,
! but his eloquence was suddenly nipped'
I by the sarcastic query, "What abouc
the chieftainess?" — a truly unkind ob
j servation when addressed to a man
i who is just off with the old love with
j out being on with the new. Tru' queen's
I lip curled, and Braid Velv.-t"i-n—pre
sumably the delinquent— called vigor
ously, "Boys, to your places." The
I cream was coming.
"One to the front, one to the right,
drop your guns. Now! Hold the fnrt,
for I am coming."
He trolled out a verse, the pipes with
a hoarse wheeze took up what pur
ported to be the air. The conch shell
! followed suit, after which Red Jacket
had his turn:
"Tra-la-la, ye-oh, tra-la-la," he
sang, executing a aeries of capers,
v.hereat every one apparently felt bet
! ter.
"Turn round, to the right— right —
right — shoulder your guns. Throw
down your guns; beat time. Now,
boys :
"In the sweet by and by."
Wheeze, wheeze, went the reeds — Pan
has a very bad cold when he stays at
Sapapale— and Red Jacket lifted up his
heels afresh, pirouetting and shouting
his "Tra-la-la-la-la."
So on, in varied monotony. The last
familiar thing I heard was:
| "Oh, dem golden slippers."
But by this time the eyes of our
] lady of Tonga were lowering ominous
; iy.
We had had enough, too. We ut
terly declined pressing: invitations to
the evening's festivities, to the church'
dressing and church going, the church
singing and extensive pig eating which
were to mark Sapapale's religious fer
vor.
As we retreated hastily to our
little boat we had a last vision of the
gorgeous spokeswoman extending re
gal courtesy on behalf of the silent
Queen, who stood by the tomb of Ma
lietoa's ancestors with that determined
brow which has secured her possession
of Malietoa's throne.
charge of lady members of Inter Nos Cir
cle. Tuesday by ladies of Live Oak.-
Wednesday by ladies of Robin Hood,
Thursday by ladies of Hamlet, Friday by
ladles of Golden Gate. Saturday by ladies
of Bay City and Sunday by members of
the local courts and ladies of Mizpah Cir
cle The attendants not only devote them
selves to the sick Forester soldiers, but
extend their kindness to any sick soldier
who wishes some delicacy. During the
past week they have ministered to the
wants of from 85 to 127 sick soldiers a
day.
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS.
Court Sutro Heights has obtained per
mission to reopen its charter for the
Btu inst. In order to admit applicants at
a reduced initiation fee. This Is to ap
ply to applicants between the ages of 18
and 40. A number of candidates will be
initiated that night, and the committee
on entertainment will provide a pro
gramme that will be appropriate and
pleasing, and it will also provide a col
lation. Sutro Heights has started an
old-time revival, and a great time is ex
pected.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The committee that has charge of the
arrangements for the celebration of the
twenty-first anniversary of the order's
foundation has secured first-class talent
for the entertainment that is to be given
in Turn Vereln Hall, Turk street, on the
night of Tuesday next. There will be
presented a literary and musical pro
gramme of the highest order. This will
be followed by dancing, that is to com
mence at 10 o'clock. The proceeds of the ■
event will be donated to the boys in blue.
"West End Lodge has taken quarters at
20 Eddy street and will meet there on the
first arid third Thursdays.
B'NE B'RITH.
To-morrmw nig..t Herman Gutstnrlt,
grand president of the order, and the gen
era! committee will pay a fraternal and
official visit to Unity Lodge in B. B. Hall.
Aner the visit shall have been concluded
the lodge, through its committee, con
sisting of Maurice L. Asher, Eugene W.
Levy and Simon Meyerson. will tender, the
grand president and general committee a
reception and then a banquet.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Last Wednesday night about thirty of
the ladles of the San Francisco hives and
a number of the members of Carlta Hive
of Alameda County paid a visit to Cali
fornia Hive in Oakland to witness the
work of initiation carried out by Lady
Commander Mrs. Minnie Aydelotte and
her efficient corps of officers. Am»ns iha
visitors were Supreme Deputy Comman
der Mrs. E. S. Moffat. Mrs. C. Morris.
deputy for Northern California, and the
lady commanders of San Francisco, Mis
sion Carita and Phebe Hearst hives. The
work was given m a very Impressive
manner, ami i: won the commendation of
all who witness, d it
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger Max Boehm is still
on the road making official visitations
On the 2d he was at Cedarville, on the
sth he will be at Altamont. on the 7th at
Adin, on the Sth at Lookout and on the
12th at Susanville. On the 21th of last
month he visited the court at Jackson
and was well received and well enter
tained.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Minerva Circle gave a social last week
that was well attended, and the guests of
the circle had a most pleasant time.
The supreme grand secretary and the
supreme grand hrrald paid a visit to
Oak Leaf Circle nnd wore well received.
Reports from all directions show that
the order is doing well at this tim*.hjATTIE SCHELL, NEW COMEDY THEATER.
THE legion of admirers in this city
of Modjeska, she of the gracious
manner and exquisite art in the
varied departments of the lesyit-
imate drama, may prepare them
selves (or something delightful in the
way of a dramatic revival. The great
Polish actress, after a long rest in her
Southern California home, will return
to the scenes of her former triumphs
to again charm her friends with the
magic of her powers. She will follow
the Frohman company at the Baldwin
and present the characters that have
made her world famous and stamped
her as one of the greatest living artists
on the English Bpeaking stage. Her
wonderful versatility is well known to
those who have been so fortunate as
her in her many and varied
roles. It matters not to Modjeska
Whether it is in the character of the
heartbroken, suffering and self-sacri
ficing Camille, the sad and noble Mary
Stuart, the fiendish and inhuman Lady
Macbeth driving her husband to mur
der, the changing moods of love, ha
tred and Jealousy; the queenly strength
and intelligence of Cleopatra, or the
modest girlish love displayed by the
dainty Rosalind, her talents splendid
ly respond to the complex demands
made upon them.
In all of these roles her art makes
her appear to be the living, breathing
inaL She can be bewitching, ab
horrent, terrible with enual ease, and
it is difficult to determine In which
( li.tiai t.-r sh>- is the must acceptable.
. Probably her greatest offering dur
ing thy two weeks' engagement will be
-.■I magnificent production of
Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra."
ih first week the repertoire will
Mfonday and Thursday nignts,
■.Mary Siuart"; Tuesday night,
i.v, Wednesday and Saturday
nights, ■'Macbeth": Friday night, "Ca-
Saturday night and matinee,
"Afl You Like It."
ftiodjeska has surrounded herself
with an excellent supporting company
carefully, selected with a view to their
.particular fitness for the parts as
1 them. Among the principal
members are Charles D. Herman, Les
ter Lonergari, John . . Lane, Wads
w.irth Harris, William Young, George
s. Spencer, Frederick Vroom, Murk
Fenton, Frank R. Fanning. William H.
Hawley, Anna Proctor, Mrs. H. E. Sar
p> nt. Orac^ Fisher, Anna Daily, Maude
Morrell and others.
Henry Miller at the Baldwin is piv
inp San Franciscans an artistic illus
tration of what can be done in the way
of exalted comedy, in that particular
style of acting that may be properly
■ r ;. ; AMUSEMENTS. - -j ■ -'
. San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887-
m& Wl »- w\ Kansa» City, Mo. t Estab. *Bp7
WALTER y&9 ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
-1 p— WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPT. 3TM. "1 pST
_Lc_->— New Importations of Rcpresentatlue f\ rtlsts— -L%— '
NEW FIELDS INVADED BY THE ORPHEOM'B BKILLED VAUDEVILLE AGENTS.
A Vasdjrille Innovation— Engigement of Dtsiel rrohmtn's Distinguished Legitimate Comedy Star
Ililll I bkll IliyillliW
. . . Supported by His Own Company ...
MISS CROTHERS, MR. LARDNER, JOHN FINDLAY,
Presenting the Comedy Creation Entitled "f\ GFKfVXE, OF* CflßDS^'
FAVOR <£ SINCLAIR
Refined Musical Character Comedy Sketches. __^__^_^ ,-^^-^-
AMERICAN DEBUT OF HASSAN BEN ALI'S GREATEST NOVELTY
THE 7 TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS
J Most Marvelous Acrobats Jn the World. _^..^^
: -\ - i:R,EISrE F!FLA~3>TKLi2sr"- - - -
La Petite Sinking Soubrette and M^rnic;^^^^^^ _-_^-.
BARN FAG AN & EN ETTA BYRON
New Budget of Soncs and Comedy.
CHAS. T . ALDRICIT j CHARLES BARON
The Joggling Comedian. j And His Troupe of Great Danes..
;_^ Lnj .^ r _ rrT . Presenting the Prison Scene From JJj^AUST.^ :J';^-^
Till? "RlOriP A Dll New *'■"• Scenes. Ind-jdinz the Parade of the Victor!-
1 lib tfIUUKAFH -t^S^^^^tt^TS^N?^^
of the MerrimaCj^ and a Reversed View of ths Famous English Conway Tunnel. : '
" SPECIAL MATINEE ADMISSION DAY, Friday,- September 9th. '
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, Sept. -4th. 10 * ;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
IC-NIGRT— LAJBT TIME.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL,
"PAGLIACCI" and
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
TO-MORROW EVENING. ALSO Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday, 'RIGOLETTO." Tues-
day. Thursday, Sunday evenings, special Sat-
urday matinee, "LUCRETIA BORGIA."
Popular Prices, 25c and 60c. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the matinee, 85c. Our Ule-
phone, Bush 9.
called technical; that rigidly proceeds
by the rule of three. It is safe to say
that Mr. Miller in his gestures and foot
movements does not vary a fraction # of
an inch from ntght to night, and that
the tones in his perfect elocution are
ever the same to a demi-semi-quaver.
This, in accordance with his metnods,
is as it should be, and while we far
West< m people are not accustomed to
such daintily finished work, we can ap
preciate It, a fact which is demon-
MLLE. FASSI AT THE NEW
fiLriAMBRA.
straied by the manner in which the
gentleman's ideal productions have
been patronized.
One feature that was paramount in
both "Heartsease" and '"the Master"
was the circumstance that, notwith
standing the company is a capable one,
there is never any diversion of interest
from the central figure— Mr. Miller.
The other members are unassuming
parts of a finely adjusted machine, the
perfection of which is remarkable. To
some who think themselves competent
judges, it is too highly scientific in its
operations, but we consider that the
uniqueness of the performance should
assure its freedom from such criticism.
While many admirers of high art in
comedy may prefer to see more dash
and spontaneity in the action, they
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY!
VISIT THE CA.MfcRA OBSCDRA.
LARGEST AND MOST PERFECT EVER
BUILT— AFTERNOONS ONLY
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER.
GREAT HIT OF THE THREE DE NOVAS 1
TO-DAY! LAST TIME OF CANNON.
TO-MORROW
LABOR-DAY J^ELEBRATION I
Pee the 3 baby lions and Australian carpet
snake In the Zoo.
10c. Including >PO and Theater; children, 6c;
Sundays and Holidays, We.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
AT THE
THEATRES
can appreciate these dramatic tid-bits
and treasure the recollection thereof
for purposes of comparison.
So far as the story of "The Master"
is concerned, it Is hard and unnatural
to Americans In whose homes such a
character as Mr. Miller's idealized
master is unknown, heaven be praised.
In this connection, comment is made
on the fact that with many the narra
tive is almost entirely Ignored. All
of which is an unconscious compliment
to the actor's art. We admire Mr.
Miller. He is a model in his peculiar
line and it is to be regretted that we
are not to see him in some of the
lighter, more flippant characters, in
SCENE FROM A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE AT THE BALDWIN THEATER.
which he first won his spurs. How
ever, we are to have a variation in this
week's presentation, "A Marriage of
Convenience," in which he will appear
as a fiery, eccentric Frenchman — man
of the world — fighter and swain.
The Tiv>oli.
For the sixtht week of Its successful
grand opera season the Tivoli will offer
two of the most Interesting of Italian
operas. Monday, Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday evenlng-s will be devoted
to Verdi's lyric-drama "Rigoletto" or
"The Fool's Revenge," with Sig. Maurice
de Vrles in his great creation of the jes
ter; Rhys Thomas as Duke of Mantua,
Sig. Wanrell as Sparafucile, the brigand;
Anna Lichter as Rigoletto's daughter
Gilda, and Mary Linck as the bewitch
ing gypsy girl Magdalena.
On Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday
evenings and at the special Saturday
matinee for the first time in many years
Donizetti's melodious work "Lucretia
Borgia" will be sung. William Pruette
will appear as Don fAlfonso d'Este,
Duke of Ferrara, one of his most suc
cessful parts; Fii. Marie Brandis will be
the unhappy heroine; Sig. Edgardo Zerni
the gallant young soldier Gennaro, and
Elvia Crox his lively companion, Mafflo
Orsinl. The other roles will be in care
ful hands.
The BaldWirv
Henry Miller during the last week of
his engagement at the Baldwin will pre
sent for the first time on Monday evening
a comedy of manners, entitled "A Mar
riage of Convenience." It is an adapta
tion from the French by Sydney Grundy
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
LAST WEICK— MATINEE SATVRDAY,
Charles Frnhmon Presents MR.
HENRY
MILLER
First Time H°re of the
BRILLIANT COMEDY OF MANNERS
A MARRIAGE
OF CONVENIENCE.
Adnjiied From the French by Sydney Orun-
dy, Author of "Sowinn the Wind."
Orißinal Now York Scenery.
Last NiglHH of MR. MILLER.
Last NlslitH <>f His Competent Company.
SPECIAL — "HEARTSEASE." Matinee
WEDNESDAY.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
Limited Enpasrement of MME.
. . MODJESKA . .
Ably Supported by a Competent Company
of Legitimate Actors.
REPERTOIRE FIRST WEEK.
Mnndny and Thursday. . "MARY STUART"
Tuesday , "MAODA"
Wednesday and Saturday.... "MArHETH"
Friday "camille"
Saturday Matinee.. .."AS YOU LIKE IT"
SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY.
COMEDY THEATER
(Formerly the Popular Bush)— The Handsomest Playhouse in the City.
Directi0n. :.. ...1.. .:.... M. B. LEAVITT | ALF ELLINGHOUSE.. .Resident Manager '
THIS EVENING AT 8 AND DURING THE WEEK-MATINEES WEDNE6DAT AND BATUBDAT AT 8.
INSTANTANEOUS PUBLIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF APPROBATION. -
A I *% I A COMEDY I .* A
SUPERB *♦ ♦ - ■ TI'EATEH \ ***** COMEDY
COMEDY ♦ •*. WITHOUT *. *.* \ WITHOUT
COMPANY \ [ -'*!*■ I EQUAL I *.* I A PEER
g- -,-;.- .. g * -g, , , ;»' * ■ g- — — — g
The Pacheco Comedy Company
Under the Management of HORACE ; WALL.
In MRS. PACHECO'S New Comedy, . ■
"THE LEADING MAN"
JL ml m. sum M-d SLmJL M.JLJ. MLI. \ \M ) 1 1111 V
■'.'." ■' v ' •■. •'.■-■■■ .-•■■:.•'• •••_' ■■■.-■.: ■; • > ■ . ■.. •■•■■■.■•.■'■■•■■■■-■'•••■• i'-v.'vM
. Performed ■-.With" the. Full Strength .of Her Company ," of Comedians: .. --
• MISSES CARINA JORDAN, HATTIE SCHELL. KATE VANDENHOFF. ISABEL GARRISON.
MESSRS.; BRIGHAM ROYCE. THOS. : M. 'HUNTER, HARRY SAINT MAUR, GEORGE 8.
PROBERT, STEWART ALLEN. HAL. ; CLARENDON, THOS. BROWNE, • FRANK
PHELPS, JAS. WILLARD. ED. AMBROSE, ; ETC., ETC. .-
Monday, September 12iM^J?S^ s? "WOMAN'S WIT." '
-•■ V- — — r— -7T— ".-*■. -V -'-■/','•■-'- V
■; ; v,v' : ; ; .: ' PRICES: '■■:.::. \\ ■
EVENING . .. ....... IBi, 25e, 880, 800 and 78c. MATINEES. .88», 35c Ui S0«.
Seats now on sale— Comedy Theater and Branch Office, 710 Market street.
■with a somewhat involved story, In which
it is shown by very dramatic and in
teresting means how a couple who are
joined in wedlock for family convenience
and who cordially dislike each other
finally develop a great mutual affection.
The situations include a fierce duel and
the novelty of a man making love to his
wife who believes she is enamored of
another. Knowing how well Mr. Miller
is fitted for this class of work in grace of
action and elegance of delivery, we antici
pate a very delightful performance of this
courtly and dignified comedy.
Jhe Columbia.
Tho coming week, the last of the Fraw
ley company's present engagement at the
Columbia, will mark the close of the
seventy-third week that the young man
ager has provided entertainment in this
popular theater. Furthermore he has
been unusually successful and has won
a warm place in the hearts of the people
of this city. To close the season he has
arranged for the revival of the two most
popular comedies presented during this
engagement, namely "Lost— 24 Hours" for
the first three nights and the remainder
of the week the German comedy, "Num
ber Nine." Additional interest will at
tach to these events by reason of me re
appearance of Sam Edwards, the big,
jolly comedian, who has been ill for some
time, and of Miss Lucille La Verne, who
joins the company permanently. Edward
Bell will t.-Uce tho part of the broker .who
went on the awful spree. The presenta
tions will have the full strength of the
company, with the exception of Mr.
Frawley.
"The Milk V> hite Flag" follows the
Frawleys. with Mary Marble and John
XV. Dunne In the leads, supported by a
very capable company. The play has been
improved and brightened In its fittings,
dialogue and music.
J^orosco's.
"Shall We Forgive Her," a melodrama,
dealing with the social problem from an
English standpoint, will be the attraction
at Morosco's during the coming week. It
was one of Marie Wainwrlght's favorite
plays and was presented by her at the
Columbia early last season. The story is
strongly dramatic, vU'ldly portraying the
trials of an innocent woman betrayed by
her affianced husband, whom she had
followed to Australia to wed. She re
turns to England and happily marries a
worthy citizen, who finally banishes her
when he learns of her misfortune.
Several changes have taken place In the
)-®-®-®-®-®-®-®-®-®-®-<s>-®-
COLUMBIA
THEMTER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME— FRAWLEY
COMPANY in
"THE RAJAH."
BEGINNING TO-MORROW
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
FRAWLEY
COMPANY
UK 111 l MONDAY, TUESDAY AND
111 l lIH ■■ , WEDNESDAY t r.;
REVIVAL I ACT ■
» LUM ===
THE
■=" 24 HOURS
COMEDY /
Reappearance of the Genial
HITS I Comedian, Mr. Sam Edwardb.
Remainder of Week .
Illlillllll "No,- Q»
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
As the Genial Irishman. -
A Week of Hilarity! Excellent Casts!
Monday, September 12 — HOYT'S "A
MILK WHITE FLAG." ■
personnel of the Morosco stock company.
Lorena Atwood has been advanced to the
position of leading lady, and Grace Addi
son has been specially engaged for this ;
production. Fred J. Butler succeeds H. ;
Percy Meldon as stage manager, i
Lillian Elliott, a new member, will appear
for the first time to-morrow night. The
management promise a very complete
presentation of the play.
The y\icazar.
The Alcazar is still on "the sunny side
of Comfort street" and the management
can congratulate themselves upon the
fact that the new company is fully up
to expectations. "The Butterflies." which
has had a successful week, will bo re-
tired to-night, and to-morrow night
there will be a revival of Francis Pow
ers' remarkably original Chinese play,
"The First Born," which had its initial
production in this theater and enjoyed a
run of 100 nights to crowded houses.
"Turned I'p." one of Nat Goodwin's
highly amusing laugh makers, will be
given as the curtain raiser for "The First
Born."
Jhe OrpKeum.
The star of the first magnitude at the
Orpheum this week will be Felix Morris,
the talented comedian, who was so long
associated with Rosina Vchtes and later
with the Lyceum of New York. He will
appear in a one-act comedy, "A Game of
Cards," in which he Impersonates an old
man, which is his favorite comedy char
acter. He is supported by Miss Crothers,
John Findlay and Mr. Lardner, all of
whom were identified with him In the
palmy days of the Lyceum Theater Com
pany. The Tow-Zoon In Arabs are said
to excel in acrobatics anything ever seen
at this house. Favor and Sinclair, clever
comedians, have a very funny farce en
titled "The M,eGuires." Favor made his
freat hit In Henderson's "Sinbad the
ailor." Irene Franklin, the old-time fa
vorite, returns with a new lot of coon
songs and specialties, in the presentation
of which she has few equals. The Pas
qualis are to offer the prison scene from
"Faust," and will be assisted by Signor
Abramoff. The beat of the many good
biograph scenes will be that of the recent
naval review in New York harbor
The holdovers include Karney " Fagan
and Henrietta Byron in new soncs and
comedy; Charles T. Aldrich, the juggling
tramp, and Charles Baron, with his lion
L mita , tors - A s P ecla l matinee is arranged
for Thursday, Sentember 9, at which an
Interesting programme is promised. Reg
-__;'_ _' ' J AMUSEMENTS. "
FnnY ANn TnNFS QTRFFTQ I ALHAMBRA THEATER CO .......Proprietors
&UUI AHU JUM£<5 Olni!ifcl&. I a DE KANNET :..... Managing Director
EXTRA I E>CTRMI EXTRA!
Grandest Opening in the History of San Francisco! The Audience Enraptured! Thousands
_ Turned Away! The Vaudeville Hit of the Century! . >;
: DIRECT FROM" THEIR" TrTItm'pH A irTOURIN^ENGLAND.
MR. AND MRS. SYDNEY DREW
__^n_^WHENjrWO HEARTS ARE WON."
WORLD'S GREATEST OPERATIC BARYTONE, •
SIGNOR JDEL^JPUIETNXE.
'[ V ' ' PEERLESS QUEEN OF BURLESQUE .
THE CHARMING OO^.HST-ISr"P^
; San Francisco's Prime Favorite, 1 Gotham's Elite Society Entertainer,'. i
•—MISS EDITH^HALL ---- j^^--^ JOHN BYRNE—-
. . V ' THE^PAMOUsTrENCH ILLuiIONIPT, "
MONSIEU^JD^VILLIERS.
The Young: and Artistic Entertainers, ''.■ I. ; The Famous. Acrobatic. Comedians,
POWERS AND HYDE. | three— ROSSlS— three
V;V: : . PAST MASTERS OF COLORED COMEDY, ' "''-*;'
- - - -MRAND MRS, ; HAR]PER. - - - -
Popular prices— Reserved seats. 25c; Opera Chairs and. Box Seats, 50c: Belle Etape Boxes
(holding six persons),' $4. Matinee every Wednesday,' Saturday and Sunday. 25c; Children, 10c.
All over the house. Seats now on sale from 98. m. to 10. p. m. Telephone South. 435.
Pir3t Matinee To-Day, Sunday. .; Extra Matinee Next Friday,; Admission Day-
AT CA7AR THEATER -
■ * 1-* V: rix-f .r\ r\ Btiis 150, 250, 3S«. 500
Our Patrons' Telephone, Main 254. '.^
TO-NIGHT— Last Time of ." S
"THE BUTTERFLIES."
--- TO-MORROW NIGHT --- ■■
Glorious Revival of- Powers' Chinese Drama,
. .THE . .
FIRST BORN
Preceded by ; Nat Goodwin's Successful Farce,
TURNED UP
EXTRA MATINEE FRIDAY,
-ADMISSION DAY. »
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 4. AT 2:30 P. M.
. . . AERIAL DIVING. •'
• By the PACIFIC SWIMMING CLUB. OLYM-
PIC ATHLETIC CLUB. CALIFORNIA ATH-
LETIC CLUB . AND INDEPENDENT I SWIM-
MING CLUB, ALSO : - r '".&;>
UNDER WATER SWIMMING ! CONTEST,
By the ALAMEDA- SWIMMING CLUB, PACI-
FIC SWIMMING i CLUB, OLYMPIC - ATH-
LETIC CLUB AND CALIFORNIA" ATHLETIC
CLUB, for Valuable Prl»ee; also JUVENILE
RACES. : ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. »c.
FELIX MORRIS AT THE ORPHEUM.
ular matirees Wednesday, Saturday and
Sur.claj.
"[he. Oivjmpia.
The Olympia Music Hall has several new
features on its bill for next week, includ
ing the famous contortion dancer from
New York. Trixeda. and El Nino Eddy,
king of the bounding wire. Others on the
bill are Kelly and Violette, Darrell and
Miller and Anita La Mont.
Ghutes and Zoo.
At the Chutes the new programme will
be exceptionally strong nex week. Pearl
Hight, known throughout the East as
the "American Anna Held." will make
her first appearance in San Francisco,
and she is said to be prettier, a better
dresser and even more piquant than her
predecessor. Eusapia. a fire dancer, will
also be new, and Thomas K. Ryan will
compose his songs as he sings them in
full view of the audience. The three De
Novas perform one of the most startling
trapeze acts everseen in this city, and they
promise to vary their tricks. Mac Tuni
son. a well known soprano, will sing, and
there will be a startling and realistic re
production of a bull fight given in Ma
drid six weeks ago. The animals in the
Zoo are always interesting, and additions
are constantly received.
People ar\d piays.
Billy Emerson,' the prince of minstrels,
has returned to the ranks of burnt cork
entertainers and comes here to the Cali
fornia Theater with Wilson anu Cleve
land's Minstrels.
Herbert Carr, who was with the Fraw
ley company last season, will appear with
Nance O'Neill at the Columbia Theater,
as will also McKee Rankin, H;nry Wea
ver Jr., Lionel Barrymore, Mrs. Horace
MrVicker. Stella Boniface, Ricca Allen
and others.
Mary Marble will play the part of the
orphan and John W. uunne that of Na
poleon In the production of Hoyt's "A
Milk White Flas." which Is to be seen
at the Columbia Theater for one week,
following the Frawley company.
Anna Daly, a San Francisco girl, who
his achieved marked success In the East
during the past season, will appear with
the Modjeska company at the Baldwin.
Slgnor Wanrell sang the brigand in
"KiKoletto," with Emma Nevada as
Gilda and Maurel as the jester.
Miss Gertrude Tidball will play May
Buckley's part in "The First Born." Miss
IOROSCfIfGRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager*
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... and 50c.
Family Circle a dCa I ry, . . i o c .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
. WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 5, 1S98; -;, .^
First Time at This Theater of Frank Harvey's
!• .New 1 . Domestic Comedy-drama, •>
"SHALL WE ,*- ,
FORGIVE HER!"
Wholesome. Ordinal, < Unique! ."■ New* ' Scenery
■' and : Properties!-- A Strong Cast!
First Appearance at This Theater -of the Tal-
..- — ■■ ont'xl Eastern Actress; .».:-:-.
■. .\j,- -MIPS GRACE • ADDISON.'-Vi : A\%~?.-
Reappearance of MISS; JULIA ,'BLANC: '"."■
DURWARDLELY
•• PATTIS : FAMOUS TENOR.*"'
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s : New Music Ha!!,
:■• 223 Sutter. Above Kearnv. . i
MONDAY. TIfBSDAY ;ind SATURDAY
. ■.-., -.,:, -EVENINGS, "■•-..-
September 2f> and 27 art.l October I. IS9S. 1 :
Tickets. 50 cents: reserved seats. 25 cts. extra
Reserved seats . may •be secured at. Sherman!
Clay & Co.'s on ami after Friday, September 23.
."-.-.■. ?-.-,;. ■ -.....-. •,».-. -. ■• .._• ~ -..■. -.. - ■.-,. — —X~ '
fll YMPIA Ed(] y. cor. Mason— MOßE EAST-
ULIJUriA ERN , STARS." MADELINE New
Favorite Dancer: TRIXEDO: EL NINO
EDDY; KELLY & VIOLET: DARRELL A
MILLER; | ROCKWELL; ROYCE SISTERS, and
others. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
Tidhall assumed that role in the East,
winning much admiration from both ■
press and public.
Frl. Marie Brandis will sing for the
first time at a Tivoli grand opera mati
nee next Saturday in "Lucretia Borgia."
The "Circus Queen" will doubtless be
the opening opera of the Tivoli comic
opera season.
Sig. de Vrtes as the Toreador in "Car
men" appeared with Calve at her Ameri
can debut.
George Osbourne will fill the same role,
that of the doctor, which he did during
the original presentation of "The First
Born" at the Alcazar.
Next week Little Venie will again be
seen in her favorite role, that of Chan
Toy, in "The First Born" at the Alcazar.
"The Leading Man" at the New Com
edy Theater is on for a week and will
doubtless have a successful run.
Belle Archer is going to star this season
in the title role of Hoyt's farce, "A Con
tented Woman."
Rudolph Aronson has made arrange
ments for a limfited American tour of
Dan Godfrey's "British Guard's Band."
The organization was lately given a short
leave of absence by the Queen, came to
New York, and before their return home
gave some tremendously succesful con
certs. Aronson has induced the Govern
ment to allow them the privilege of a
tour. It is expected that the famous
band will go to Australia and other far
Eastern countries after appearing in this
city.
Negotiations are progressing with a
view to an elaborate production of Har
ry Saint Maur's play "A Divorce Cure,"
under Mr. Belasco's management at the
Alcazar, San Francisco. The late Miss
Emily Bancker's success in the charac
ter of Mrs. Cissom will be well remem
bered. The New York press were unani
mous, strange to say, in praising both
author and artist.
AMUSEMENTS.
—LAST WEEK OF—
THE IRISH FAIR!
MECHANICS' PAVILION. .
" LABOR-DAY
CELEBRATION !
MONDAY SEPTEMBER • 5.^ GREAT AT-
TRACTIONS.^ ' v
Afternoon extra presentation- to ladies buy-
ing tickets at the box office.'. A beautiful Irish
Fair souvenir spoon free. .
Bennett's. Band Concert. -' Children's dances.
' Old ' fashioned, Irish step dancing taught in
the afternoon. Lienster Province .Day. -.;■.." ','.;■.'
' Battle of Gettysburg .by Bennett's * Concert
Band, together with First Tennessee Regiment.
Great Military night. Seventh California Regi-
ment present. Extra military bands. - • - ■
- Entertainment on 'the main stage by Messrs.
O'Connor and Kelleher, Professor Chapman, ".
Miss Pearl Hickman and Miss : May' Kava- '
naugn . and all the dancers from the Irish
dancing school. ..
Tuesday. September 6, St. Patrick's Alliance
of America- Night. Policemen's Night, County
Cork Night, etc. ; •' '
Wednesday, Union Iron ' Works, : Butcher 1 !
Day, etc. ..... ... . . . .
2000 sods of turf from old Ireland for salt.' 1
The map of Ireland. Last opportunity to
stand on the old mother earth. .'.>■•.■■ '
Admission 25 cents. Children 10 cents.
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
'•'nhW-'FA'US-T 0 "EXHIBIT .-•'■
jJUflllfltllTO ATTEND
BlwinP^mitK, •AWpgekf I«.
: ; -SECRETARY. . .. rats.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE." ;" '
• Fifth street, near Market. >' '";'
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 8. IS9B. ".
GRAND CHORAL CONCERT, under ; the direc-
" •■'•■: , - ■ tion Of " '-. ■ •
' MR. WILLIAM. L. TOMLINS. "
The distinguished' director of the World's Fair
■-■••■■ s " . ■'' Choruses. :,:-:,' . .
S 250 selected voices -of San Francisco and Oak- .
land.- Prominent' soloists. Tickets. 50c; few re-
served seats. 250 extra.-- Box sheet at Sherman, .
Clay- & . Co.'s Wednesday and Thursday, Sep-
tember 7 and 8. ; _ • , - •-■ .;..... .;..-■. '-:-\ ..
i BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK. :
AA/AfSONViIILE V ; '' ' •
VS.
. Sfi FRANCISCO.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M. ADMISSION : BSc,,
■ GREYHOUNDS FOR SALE
.'■ AT INGLESIDE COURSING ' PARK OS
SUNDAY,- September •4, ; afternoon, at : public
auction.: a part of . MIRAMONTE KENNEL,
formerly ■: owned ' by EMMET V. • SULLIVAN. •
P. J. G. KENNA.-room 136, Phelan building.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
To-morrow a holiday. *
Sliver the same.
Bank clearings lose again.
Shipment of $767,060 to China. ;
Wheat and Barley weaker again. .
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and dull.
Enormous receipts of Hay.
Pink Beans doing better.
Coal prices steady.
Potatoes and Onions, unchanged.
Green Corn higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Peaches and Pears steady.
Plums In lighter supply.
Melons and Grapes plentiful.
Dried Apricots firmer. Peaches and Pears
stiff.
Prunes quiet, but rather steadier.
Provisions range the same.
Meat market unchanged.
Sharp increase In revenue collections.
Redwood lumber steadier. Pine easy.
TO-MORROW A HOLIDAY.
To-morrow being Labor Day and a legal hol
iday business will be suspended throughout the
United States. The banks and exchanges will
of course remain closed.
THE LUMBER TRADE.
THE MARKET RULES QUIET AND PRICES
SHOW SOME CHANGE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron for September-
Bays of the lumber trade: "The local redwood
market seems brighter this month and the
manufacturers are feeling easier. Prices for
wholesale material have not risen, but deliv
eries are stronger than they have been since
January. In fact the . August receipts are 20
per cent heavier than for any single month
in the last four. Prices, however, rule low;
lower than they have ever been to the knowl
edge of the older redwood manufacturers. There
U no present Indication of a possible advance,
although the coming fall may witness a rise
which is no play on words.
"Pine receipts are quiet, because of the
dearth of suitable vessels. The Klondike char
ters are not frequent, but the transport de
mands for troops to the Philippines and to
Hawaii forced the larger vessels from their
usual routes md caused the substitution of the
smaller steamers hitherto used for lumber
shipments. The coming month will find the
normal condition In vogue and pine will have
its usual vessels at command.
"The local Retail Association Is alive to-day,
withstanding the rumors on the street to
the effect that It would not last another
month. The old committee of arbitration,
which was wont to handle all infraction? of
rules, has been succeeded by Mr. F. W. War
ren as a single arbitrator. The retail business
is picking up and the month of September
should find a better condition generally prev
alent. Te retail prices of redwood have
been changed and stand at present: Rough
common. SI less on both grades; selects, as
formerly, and rustic, $1 off. Other stock Is
changed accordingly. The successful close of
the war with Spain has had a tendency to In
crease local building, and the retail market
should find a hearty response in September.
"Reports from the box manufacturers through
out the State and general coast are favorable,
and large fruit box orders are' being daily re
ceived. The destruction of several of the large
box concerns outside California causes an in
crease In the orders of this State and the box
business is flourishing.
' "In the East and Middle West, the expecta
tions for increased business have not been ful
filled. Low prices «e<?m to be prevalent, but
business is enlarging in its scope and the re
maining four months of IS9S may see a rosier
state of affairs."
GOVERNMENT MONEY IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand August 31 as follows:
United States notes $5, 41 S 00
Treasury notes of ISSO 19.586 00
National bank notes , £63 00
Gold certificates 304.120 00
Sliver certificates 259. 63 S 00
Golf coin 11.CH.223 40
Standard silver dollars 26,053.156 00
Subsidiary silver coin 152,147 33
Minor coin 14.09S 78 j
Total : $35,354,8E2 51
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
in the month of August were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $137,000
Subsidiary silver 205.255
Total $345, 255
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district
In August were $343,696. against $161,670 in
August. IBW. and consisted chiefly of $109,674
for beer, $61,63S for spirits. $20,058 for cigars
and tobacco and $7L3SI for war tax stamps.
The sharp increase last month was of course
due to the war tax. The collections thus far
this year amount to $1.W6.238. against $1,870,
265 for the same time In ISS7.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Belgic took out a treasure list of $767.-
OCO' consisting of $565,960 in Mexican dollars,
JS37O in gold coin and $193,000 In silver bullion.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $17,603,
564. against $18,935,819 for the same week In
1897.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paclnc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, September 3. 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum^ temperatures
reported to-day from regular Weather Bureau
stations in California:
Eureka, SS; Fresno. 92; Los Angeles, S3: Red j
Bluff. 92; Independence. (-2; San Diego. 74; Sac- j
ramento. 90; San Luis Oblspo. 88: Yuma. 102.
San Francisco temperature— 70;
minimum. 54; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest this evening in West
ern Washington and lowest in Arizona. Warmer
weather prevails throughout the interior of
California and In the region to the eastward.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather
throughout California Sunday.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 4, IS9S:
' Northern California— Fair Sunday: fresh west
wind on the coast.
Southern California— Sunday; fresh weet
wind i
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair Sunday.
. San Franclßco and vicinity— Fair Sunday:
brisk to high west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear: wind northwest, 20 miles per
hour; temperature, 72: maximum. 78.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FINANCIAL SITUATION.
NEW YORK. Sept. Z.— The New York Finan
cier says this week: The question that con
fronts the New York banks at present Is how
to furnish the »30.<yO ( 0OO or M 0.000,000 usually
required to move the crops on a reserve that
is below $15,000,000. Ordinarily the situation
would be regarded as critical, but conditions
are such that money rates have . advanced
barely 1 per cent and the outlook is regarded
with equanimity. . The surplus reserve of the
banks Is now lower than at any time since the
Presidential election of 1896. It will be re
called that money during ! the close of that
campaign rose to prohibitive figures and gold
flowed from Europe in consequence. It does
not seem possible that -specie imports will be
delayed much longer, but the Incentive of very
high rates will be lacking. The domestic
money supply was never more abundant, but
the sale of bonds and the collection of war
taxes, coupled with a stoppage of heavy ex
penditures, are locking up the money at the
. Treasury at the expense of the banks. . If this
money can be placed In depository institutions
the situation will be relieved, hut the difficulty
of obtaining bonds as security for •public de
posits has operated to retard the transfers.
As it is. the Treasury, reserve stands at the
highest point in its history, while the majority
of the New York banks are loaned up to their
legal limit and many are . below ■ the required
reserve. The movement to the interior has be
gun and will continue in large volume for some
weeks to com©..
NEW YORK PRODUCE MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— HOPS—
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Holiday.
SUGAR— strong; fair refining, 311-loc;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses, 3 9-16 c. Re
fined, strong.
METALS— The week closed on a . tolerably
firm market for metals, with prices. If any
thing, showing an improving : tendency. The
■ firm fixing the prices for minors and smelters
quotes lead at the close of to-day's market
at $3 90.
BUTTER— Steady; Western creamery ml®
lb>£c: Elglns. lS^c: factory, 11%@14c.
EGGS— Steady; Wester-. i;Vsc.
DRIED FKI'IT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.- California dried fruits-
Apples, (lull; other fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6@Be
prime wire tray, 9c; choice. 9V4c; fancy, 3%
@loc.
. PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royals, ll@13c: Moorpark. IS@
16c.
PEACHES— UnpeeIed fI 7@oc: peeled, 12@17c. '■
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
. CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— Nearly everything: , was
against the price 'of Wheat. The . heat was so
lntonee that It seriously curtailed • trade. In
addition • Liverpool cables were weak and re
ceipts • In the Northwest continued ' to Increase
at a. rapid rate. Longs got disgusted ana Bold
freely of Wheat that cost more money than
was procurable at any time to-day. The tact
that the New York Produce Exchange was
closed prevented . the execution of any ship
ping • business and as all ' exchanges will be
closed here Monday traders reared they might
have to face \<<M-y heavy receipts, both here ami
In the Northwest Tuesday .morning. Minne
apolis and Duluth markets ' were very weak
and . helped to create . the heaviness prevailing
here. borne Wheat was said to have been
bought at Minneapolis by a Chicago house and
sold here at a profit for September delivery.
Chicago receipts were 299 cars, of which only
S were up to contract grade. The market con
tinued to droop during the last half hour* of
the session. Longs showed Increased discour
agement and liquidated freely 'and short sell-
Ing became more aggressive. September left
off %c down and December lost %c. The Corn
situation was not deprived of sny of its pre
vious bullish" features, but the market after
a short spell of comparative strength became
weak. The decline in Wheat was the moot
striking of the various reasons to which the
latter heaviness In Corn was ascribed. De
cember lost He.
The decline in other grains made the ten
dency in Oats a downhill one. May closed He
loss. ■
Confirmation of ten cases of yellow foyer in
one town in Mississippi caused depression in i
provisions. There was considerable liquidation
on stop-loss orders. Packers sold Lard freely
and outsiders let go of Pork and Klb? Pork
Is off 22% c and Lard and Ribs 7%c each.
The leading futures ranged a3 follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Se^tember^".. 2 "... C 3% 63% 62 62*
May m^.:::::::::::- «3Vi & 62% = 62% I
Beptembw"..^". 33 $$■ 33 »
December 80% K% >g* g%
May 32% 32% 32% 32H
Oats No. 2—
September 19% l" 3 i I*% 19 *
December IS* 19% 19% 19%
May * 22 22 21"4 A 7 *
M"ess Pork, per bbl— .
September S 62% 865 835 8 42%
October 8 67% S 07% 840 843
December 8 72% S 72% 850 855
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 4 92%
October 5 02% 5 02% 493 495
December 6 05 5 03 800 ,5 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 530 530 3 22% 525
October 630 530 3 22% 5 22%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; special spring brands, $4 50: hard wheat |
patents, $3 70<?3 90; soft patents, $3 601r3 70:
straits, $3 10©8 20; bakers', $2 2.V?2 50; No. 2
spring wheat, Be: No. 3 spring wheat, 58(g'62c;
No. 2 red. Xc; No. 2 corn. 30%; No. 2 oats,
20% c: No. 2 white. :4<g)2sc: No. 3 white. 22,t?23c;
No. 2 rye. 43c: No. 2 barley, 325?42c: No. 1
flaxseed, S*S%c; prime timothy seed, $2 60; mess
pork, per bbl. $S 45©"S 50; lard, per 100 lbs. $4 55
Q6 02%; short ribs sides Moose). $5 IB©6 40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 4%1J4%c; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 50®a 70; sugars, cut, loaf, 6.02 c;
graunlated, 5.55 c.
Article."— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels. 11.600 S.ROO
Wheat. buf»h»!s 139.700 355.300
Corn, bushels 447,400 35.100
' Oats, bushels 514.300 553.600
Rye. bushels ..„ 18.500 27.000
Barley, bushels 68.690 10,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@18c; dairies,
I2O16C; Eggs, firm; fresh. 12Vfec.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 215.650 73,200
Duluth 273.961 272.513
Milwaukee 31.550 40.150
Chicago 139.703 396.394
Toledo
St. Louis 90.000 22.000
Detroit 32.144 29.710.
Kansas City 176.000 74.500 |
Totals 962,338 914,267
Tidewater —
Boston 670 39.563
New York
Philadelphia .
Baltimore 53,563 "
New Orleans 120,000
Galveston 89,884
Totals 141.017 159.553 j
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 5% 5 24
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 47 75 44 75
Closing .... —
• Wheat-
Opening ......t..2125 20 95
Closing ...yjTvr^...
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. S— Silver, • 27% d: French
Rentes. 103f 45c. "'••'•■"<.
Wheat cargoes off coast, tovers and sellers
I apart; cargoes on passage, ■ easier, demand less
active. 3d lower; cargoes, of Walla Walla, ,
27s 6d.
LIVERPOOL.' Sept. Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California. 6s 2d®6s 3d.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady: September,
ts E^d; December. 5s 5V 4 d; spot No. 2 red was
dull, 6s 6d; No. 1 red Northern spring dull,
6s '.'■'.***"» '■- .
CORN— American mixed spot new, 3s lHd;
September, steady, 3s l%d: October, steady, i
3s 2>£d: December, steady, 3s 3%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
HOPS— London, Pacific Coast, dull. £2*24.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day:
Malaga Grapes, average $1 19; Clusters, $1 90.
BOSTON, Sept. 3.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the following prices: W39K
Grapes— Rose Peru. 86c; Malagas, 87c. Pears—
Bartletts. »1 20@l 70. -•-<• qge $1 56. Peaches—
Sal way. 60c«55l 50, average $1 19; Crawfords,
f'sc@sl 45, average $1 26; Strawberry, $1 02;
Freestones, 79c; Susquehanna, $1 25; Silver, 2S@
70c, average 46c: Gros, $1; Beurre Boss, 96c.
- Weather hot. Two cars sold. i
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— CATTLE— meager
supply of Cattle to-day met with a slow and
Indifferent demand at prices lately quoted.
Choice steers, $5 20(5S 65; medium, $4 65f<i'4 85;
beef steers. J4@4 60; stockers a.nd feeders, $3 10
F4 65; bulls, $2 30-®4; cows and heifers. $3 60®
4 25; calv»s, $4@7 25; Western rangers.' J3@4 65;
good Western sters, $o<f 5 20.
HOGS— Were strong early, but closed weaker
but steady. Fair to choice. }3 95@4 05; pack-
Ing lots, $3 70@3 57%; butchers', $3 (694 02^;
mixed. $3 75@3 97%; -light. $3 70@4; pigs. $2 95
(53 75. ' .
SHEEP— supply of Sheep was principally
all consigned' to the slaughter houses. Only a
few small . lots were .on sale and trade was
merely nominal.
■ Receipts— 200; Hogs, 15,000; Sheep,
4000.
KANSAS CITY.
' KANSAS CITY, Sept! 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 3500. Market strong to 5c
higher. Bulk of Bales, . $3 7003 80; heavies. $3 75
«3S!;' packers. $3 70@3 90; mixed, $3 60@3 82%:
lights. $3 Go<g3 80; yorkers. $3 75@3 80; pigs. $3 45
©3 72H--
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market strong.
Lambs. $3 50@5 60; muttons. . $3@4 35.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. , 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 600.
Market dull and lower. Native beef ; steers,
%i 1035 20: Western steers, $3 80(34 40; cows and
heifers $3@3 SO; cannera, $2@2 90: stockers and
feeders, $3 CHS* 60; calves. $4@6; - bulls and
stags, $2 30® 3 80.
8 HOGS— Receipts. 6300. Market 5c lower.
Heavy $3 6053 87V4: mixed. $3 624@3 80; lights,
$3 CjWj 70; bulk or : sales, $3 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, ISOO. Market steady. . Na
tive muttons, $3 80@4 50:. Western muttons, $3 70
@4 25; etock sheep, $3@4; lambs, $3 75@5 50.
ADD MARKETS
MAPRII?. Sept. 3.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 66.25; gold was quoted at 63.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3.— Exchanges, 9192.
754; balances, $66,030.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 3.— Wheat, Walla
Walla. 54c; valley and blue stem. 57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 3— Wheat weaker, but quota
tions unchanged— s4c for club and 58c for blue
stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5........ — $434
Sterling Exchange,, eight ". — 4 55
Sterling Cables ...:.'. .' :.. — 4 »6V4
New York Exchange,. sight — ..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce.. — . HOW
Mexican Dollars ....•...::......'. .. 48-. r ,\,\,
• WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— the week lower on call and
weak and dull ; on the spot. There will be no
market Monday, : as . the day Is a' holiday.
* Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 12V4, milling,
*1 17^@120. ■• • --.;■
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— —
10,000 ctls.' $1 MV4; 12,000, *1 13V4; 33.000, $1 13%.
" Second Session — December— 2ooo ctls, $1 13V4;
2000, «1 13%; 14.G00, »1 134. *■■ -■■■■■- ■-"■
i Regular Morning : Session— December— 4ooo
ctls, $1 13%; 6000. $1 13%: 24.000, $1 13%: 4000.
%1 13%; 10,000, • $1 12%. ■■■■<- . . . : ■. 7. ...
- BARLEY— Business Is dull . again ana. the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1898.
] spot market Is quoted lower though there Is
i no change in futures worthy of note.
[ Feed, $1 loi&l 17%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o' clock— December —
| 2000 ctls, $1 15%: 8000. $1 15%.
Second Session— December— Cooo ctls, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2oo3 ctls,
: $1 15%; 6000, Jl U%.
; OATS— Dullness continues to characterize this
i market. Fancy feed. $1 25 per ctl; good to
' choice, $1 17V-@1 22%: common, $1 10@l 15; Sur
> prise, $1 25@l 30; Gray. $1 lf@l 20; milling. $1 20
01 25 per ctl.
! ' CORN— lmports from the East have abour
i ceased for the moment, as the Eastern product
, cannot be landed here at present prices. The
! market is dull und w*ak. Small round yellow,
I $1 25; Eastern large yellow, $1 07%; white, $1 15;
mixed, $1 05<ffl 07% per ctl.
RYE— Dull and esay at Jl ir.^-1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILL6TUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 23; bakers'
extras. S4(jf4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks tire as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rica Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25: Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
; gf4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
i Whole Wheat Flour. $3 CO; Rolled Oats. tbar
1 rels), $sSr^6 20; in sacks, $5 60i@6 05; Pearl Bar
' ley, $5; Split Peas, $4*5; Green Peas, $4 50 per
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The flood In Hny continues, yesterday's re
ceipts exceeding 1300 tons. The receipts for the
I past week averaged more than 10V0 tons per
i day. The greater portion of the crop this
I year was raised In districts unprovided with
; warehouses for storage, hence the farmers are
: obliged to send it in to escape possible early
' rains. At the present rate of shipment most of
the crop will be in withtn thirty days, and
after that the arrivals will fall off sharply.
Prlcea have been steadily declining under the
influx, which has been the heaviest ever known
to the local trade. The outside Hay has- de
clined with the local product, and Is selling
down to cost, if not, Indeed, below it.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEDSTVFFS - Rolled Barley. $25 per
ton. Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31^31 B0; Job
bing $S2'o 1 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24 / q25; Cotton
seed Meal. J2S©3O per ton; Cornmeal. $?3@23 50;
Cracked Corn. $24ijf24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $15 r,o<ul« 50 for
good and $13(015 for lower grades: no fancy
ccmine in: Wheat and Oat. $13<Jil."; Oat.
$12 50Q14; Barley, ; Island Barley. $ll!jil2;
! Alfalfa. $11 50012 50; Stock. $10; Clover, norm
i nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, iWg. 14; Oat. $12 5f,(g13 50; Cheat, $11 50®
$12 25; Timothy, $11 50@13 60; Alfalfa, $10 50®
$11 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@SOe per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Rather more firmness in Pink Beans is re
ported, though prices show little change. The
other descriptions are about the same.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25<g>2 40; Small Whites,
$1 SO-32 10; Large White*, $1 75<gl 90; Pinks,
$2 25tf2 35; Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $3 15®
3 25: Butters, nominal; Llmas, $3@3 15; Pea,
$1 SO<S2 05; Red Kidneys. $2 60@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2504 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 12%: Flax, nominal, $2-3>
2 10; Cnnary Seed. 2Vfl2 : Wc per n>; Alfalfa,
from Utah, 6c; Rape, 2V4@3%c; Hemp, 2%«?3c;
Timothy, L'Q.i'^c. ■
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOEo, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Choice Potatoes are firm at the good prices, '
but common Flock drags. Onions are quiet.
Green Corn is doing better. Tomatoes are
firm. Otherwise there is little change.
POTATOES— (O#SOc in sacks for Early Rose
and 4<XgGsc in sacks and 60c(g$l in boxes
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 7£c@sl 15;
Sweet Potatoes, I>4®2V4c per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onion.-, 75c95l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3«3y.c; String
Beans. Kg-2Vic per It); Lima Beans, lVs.@2V»c;
Bay Squash, 20i£j30c; Green Peppers. 35@50c for
Chile and 35050 c for Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
Ctl: Carrots, 809600 per sack ; Bay Cucumbers,
2:.'«30c; Pickles. $1 MXgl 86 for No. 1 and 75c#$l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 30i^C0c; Bay
Tomatoes, 33ijr6Oc; Green Corn, 6.">C(tsl per sack
for Vacaville, $l@l 50 per crate for Alameda,
65©75 c for Berkeley: Garlic, 2®2^c per lb;
Green Okra. 40<g65c; Egg Plant, 35@50c per
box; Marrowfat Squash, J12<&15 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes
sliced, raw. 12c per lt> in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 10@18c; granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, 6Oc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, lgc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, oOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern will be put on to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15®17c for Gob
blers and 13igi4c for Hens; ' Geese per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 5O5?I 75; Ducks. "s3©3 50
I for old and J3@4 50 for young; Hens. $4@5;
Roosters, young, $5 60:36; Roosters, old, $4@4 50;
Fr/ere. $4 5095: Broilers, $3 50® 4 for large, $2 60
@3 for small ; lgeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and {1 _.r<ii 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no change In anything. The finest
brands; of Creamery Butter are bringing 26c,
but they always go rather over the quotations.
Eggs are quiet and Cheese Is firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24@?5c. with
some brands even higher; seconds, 23<@23>4c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21$j22&c; common
grades, 17U@20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18@20c; pickled roll,
21S 1 22Uc; creamery tub, 20<jj22c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16(g)16%c per
lb- Elgin, 22@22>4c.
CHEESE-Cholce mild new, 10@llc; old, BV4@
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 101311 c; Young America,
10V4@ll%c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 21@250 per dozen; store
Eggs. 14@17Hc; Eastern. 14@16c for ordinary
and 17@18c for fancy." •
DECJ.DUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
A few Pomegranates have been received, but
there !s little call for them.
Melons are still cheap and plentiful, but the
warmer weather ought to make them sell bet
ter. ■ . ... ,<_■.*'- » 4.
Grapes continue slow of sale.
Peaches and . Pears are steady at the good
prices. Plums are In much lighter supply than
they have been and are accordingly firm.
Lemons show less weakness.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, J3(g-4 per cheat for large and
for small. ■■■:■.-
Figs, 35f50c for white and 40®C5c for black, .
I double layers.
i Cantaloupes, 25@75c per crate; Nutmegs, 15@
, 25c per box; Watermelons, $15@20 per hundred
j for Jarre and $S@l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 7@Bc per lb.
Quinces, 50*5750 per box.
Red Nectarines, 50(§f75c; White Nectarines,
I nominal. - •
White Grapes, 25@50e per box; Black Grapes.
25@40c; Muscats, 25@60c; Seedless. 40@75c; To
kay, K96oc; crates well about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas, $1 25 per crate.
Blackberries. $2@4 per chest. iV; ".■»&!?'.
Plums, 40@60c per crate and 20@50c per box:
In -bulk, $10©15 per ton. . . "■ ■ .- ■ ■
Peaches, 60W78c per box f«r good to choice
and 35@40c for common stock; clings, J15@60
per ton; freestones, $20@40.
Raspberries, |s®B per chest. ,
Apples, ?,.",'(, He,- for common, 75c©$l per box
for No. 1 and 11 25 for, choice.
Bartlett Pears. $I@l 50 per : box and $40®50
per ton for No. 1 and 50@75c per box and $25®35
per ton for ripe and inferior stocky
CITRUS FRUITvi— $1-81 60 for Va
lenclas, $101 25 - for St. Michaels, 75c@$l for
Mediterranean Sweets and Go@76c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 50@2 SO for common .. and WS*4 - for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@6; Callfi
nla Limes, 75c@$l 60; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, Wig 1 * por dozen. '
DRIED FKUITS. NUTS, RAIBINS, ETC.
Apricots are stiff and In demand and prices
show sttll further Improvement. Peaches and
Peare are flirt:. Prunes are still quiet, but the
feeling in them is steady, and It Is easy to sell
desirable sizes at full figures.
AJRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, S\@i\c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots, 6@s^4c for
40-50"s, 4H@sc for M-60's. 3%®4c for 60-70' s, 314®
3V4c for 70-SO's, 2%®3c for 80-90' s, 2@2«4c for
90-100's; new Peacnefi, 7%@S^fc for choice and
9<310c for fancy; new Apricots, 9@l2c for
Royals, and 13@17V4efor Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples. 6h<2P7c; sun Cried, 3@4c; Block Figs
sacks, 2S'2V4c; new Plums, s@Cc for pitted a;ii
l®l*4c for unpltted; new Nectarines. 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears. 3@6c for quarters end
SfS'fiHc for halves, according to color, etc.; new
Pears, 7@7M;C for quarters and BV4@loc for
halves.
RAISINS— 2@2%c for two-crown, 2V4@2^c for
three-crown, 3<{j)3Hc for four-crown, 3r>lic for
Seeding Sultanns. 2V6@3c for Scedleas Mua
catels and Jl@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almoi.ds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell; SHfl'Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<g
BVic for Eaatern and 4^4c lor CallfoTila.; Pe
cans, 6M:@Sc; Filberts, 9V4@loc: Brazil Nuts,
B@Sc per Tb- Cocoanuts, 14 60®5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9#loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, i>ua
6c; light amber extracted, 4?4@6%c per tb.
BEESWAX— 24tfi26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED ATS— Bacon. B%c . per. : Ib ' f or
heavy, '9c for light medium,' lOV4c for light, lie
for * extra '• light ; and : \2hidfl3c : ; for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured ; Hams, lOV£@llc; , Califor
nia Hams. 9H<sloc; Mes3 Beef, $10<gl0 60 per
bbl : ' extra ' Mess Beef. Jlltfll 50; Family Beef
112(812 50; extra prime Pork. 110; extra clear
$18<fl'lS 50; mess. $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, Il@l2c
per Tt>. ,-■••■■■..■'': •■•.■■-. --.:■ .''■•■;■'■' i
LARD— Eastern. ' tierce*, ■ quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and 7%c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia ■ tierces, 5c ■ per 'Ib for compound and 7c
for, pure: half barrels, \7Kc;lo-Ib; tins, 8c ; 6-n>
tins, SUc. ■-■■■. ••' ,•■ ■■,-■-■■.•■ ■.:■-•
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6H©«Hc; packages
leas than 300 lbs— palle, ,60 In a case, 9Hc !
3-ttt rails, 20 In a case, %%c; 5-tb palls. 12 In a
caee,jßVie;- 10-lJ> palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 In a cast, ?%o; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SV>c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 rbs. 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. B%c: Cow
hides. 9c: Stags. 6%c; salted Kip. B%c; Calf.
8c; dry Hides Bound, 15c: culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Goatskins, 27%!i130c: medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15(?T25c each; short
wool, 30rg40c each; medium. 60^S0c; long wool,
Soc#sl 10 each; Horse hides, salt. $2 25 for
large and $I'sl 75 for small; Colta. 50c: Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 76c@$l 25 for
email; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Vi«53%e per Ib;
No. 2. 2%@2%c; refined. 4%«?4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOCL— FaII clip Southern Mountain. 7<gloc;
free Northern. 9013 c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9<JTllc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months*. 8<S10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12'S-14c: Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10@12c; Middle County, I3<g>l6c: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14^1Bc; Nevada. 10<2Hc;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon. 15(J?17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10ei3c; IR(>7 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. «%c: Wool
Bags, 2C2BC; San Quentln Bags. $4 85: Fruit
Bags, sc, 5%c and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7<SBc for brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8- Southneld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos B3*- $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 50- in
eacKs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Caetle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
tacks.
Harrison's circular says: "There have been
the following deliveries of coal during the
week. viz. : Seven from Washington, with 17,
912 tone; two from Oregon, 10S5 tons; one from
British Columbia. 4322 tons; one from Swansea.
1975 tons; one from Australia. 23M tons; one
from Baltimore. 3010 tons; total, 31. 2<i0 tons.
The quantity at hand this week Is Just about
equal to the amount of our weekly consump
tion, so that stocks In yard are not diminished.
It was generally rumored that the coaling of
transports and Government vessels would con
sume about all the reserves here In yard. Such
la not the case, as there Is abundance here to
meet all current requirements. Prices remain
steady, although all tne agents of the Colonial
collieries will not book orders after January
next at present ruling prices. To offset this
advance the Swansea collieries have recom
menced work and liberal shipments may be
looked for from that section. They have now
become cognizant of the fact that the Uritlsh
Admiralty Is not confined to Cardiff f>>r Its
supply of fuel suitable to their purpose. Poca
hontas (American) has been contracted for In
large quantities, over 60,000 tons being already
ordered for the English navy.
"From this time forward coal fluctuations
will be regulated entirely by climatic. Influ
ences, as early seasonable rains, promising us
a bounteous harvest in 1899, will Influence
freight rntes on coal Inward and cause a soft
ening of values, whereas a continuation of dry
weather will have the reverse effect. Two suc
cessive dry seasons will have a most deleteri
ous influence on the quantity of fuel consumed,
although the prices would rule higher."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
anfl Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 6c: Dry Granulated. RTfcc; Confec
tioners' A, 574 c;5 7 4c; Magnolia A. 5Hc: Extra C,
r.^c; Golden C. s>4c; California A, 5%c per 1b;
half barrels, hie more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain as previously quoted. ■'/■':■
BEEF— First quality, B'ic: second quality,
5%®6c: third quality. 4V£@.*c.
YEAL — Large. sc; small. 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— C@7c; Ewes. 6@6Vic
per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 7H®Sc per lb. ..
PORK— Live Hogs" 3*4®3%c for large, 4®4Kc
for medium and 3>4!33V£e for small; stock
Hogs, 2©3 c; dressed Hogs. EV 4 @6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, September 3.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,200 Wool, bales 70
Wheat, ctls 840 Pelts, bdls 20
Barley, ctls ..... 2,025 Hides, no 4S
Cheose, ctls • 10 Sugar, sks 330
Butter, ctls 27S Eggs, doz 9,660
Tallow, ctls 32 Leather, rolls ... 232
Beans, sks 900 Lumber, ft ...... 20.000
Potatoes, sks ... 3.560 Wine, teals 32.750
Onions, sks 1.259 Lime, bbls 12u
Bran, sks 50 Raisins, bxs 250
Hay, tons 1.247 Brandy, gals 7.000
Straw, tons ...... 46 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.s2S|Hay, tons 60
Oats, ctls 1.740!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities closed the week active at
unchanged quotations.
Mining stocks were quiet, as usual.
To-morrow being a legal holiday the boards
will not b« In session.
Recent sales of the San Francisco and Pan
Joaquln Valley Railroad stock have been mrnle
"uff cal!" by brokers of the Stock and Bond
Exchange at $62 50 per share. There Is a strong
demand for the stock.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
declared a monthly dividend of 5c per share,
amounting to $5000, payable September 10.
This will increase the total to $1C6,500.
The Grand Central Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend for September of 12Hc
per share, amounting to $31,250, making $126,6<X)
to date.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40c per share on
Tuesday.
The Eureka Consolidated assessment of 20c
per share will be delinquent in the boards on
Tuesday.
The Gould & Curry assessment of 10c per
share will be delinquent In office on Tuesday.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 50c per share on Septem
ber 10 ■ J
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 3—10:30 a. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 11 12
4a juar coup..lUHll2V4 Oakland Uas.. 51% 52
4s quar reg..t. 109%110% Pac Gas Imp.. — 89%
13 quar new.,.126%127% Pac L Co 48% 48%,
3s new 104%105 5F G & E... 88% 89
Miscellaneous— " .San Fran • . . . . . 3V4 3%
Cal-st Cab E5.114%116 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El (i 5.... 125 — Insurance — -
C C Wat a 5.. .100 101 Firem's. Fund. 2oo —
Dup-st ex c... — 98Vi Bank Stocks—
EL. & P 95... 130% — \ng!o-Cal 64 65
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 ■*-] Bank of Ca1... 246 24T
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 ?al S D & T.. — 99
H C & 8 4V.5.100 105 First Nat .....205 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...128% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 M»r < Exchange 14 15
Market-Bt 65...12C5i — Nev Nat 8....160 165
Do Ist M r.5.113Vi113-A Savings Banks—
Nt Vln 6s lsts — 97% Ger S & L...1560 —
N C NGRy 75.104 106% Hum r & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .110 112 Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Col 55. .104%— : SFSiv U.. 490 500
NPC R R 65.103 105 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R ss. 100 101 Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 5s ...101 — Street Railroads-
Do 2d is 58..109»i— ' California ....107 —
Dm Ry 65...... 1?7'^129 Geary ......... 40 —
P<&Cl Ry 65.10r>'4106 Market-st ..... 54 54&
p & O e5......U3V4 — Presidio 8% —
Powell-st 11794120 . Powder-
Reno W LftL.loo — California ....132% 149
Sac El Ry Ss.lOO — ' E Dynamite... 85 —
?F A X P 53.109% — Giant Con Co. 49% 50
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Vlgorlt ........ 2% 2%
3 Pof Ar 6s..IOBViIOBH Miscellaneous—
S P Cal 6s. ..110 — Al Pac Assn.. 100^101
SPC Is eg 55.102 — Ger Ld Wk5..140 —
3 p Br 6s 118%120 . Hana P C 0.... 18% 1«%
3 V Wat 65... 116% — H C & S Co.. 26% 2.
8 V W->t 45...102%103 r Hutch S P Co. 59 59%
Stock Gas 65. .102 — Mer 3x Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— Nat Vln C 0... — C%
Contra Costa.. 52% — ; Oceanic S Co. 56% 68
Marin Co ..... 50 — Pacific AF A. 1% 1%
Spring Valley. 99% 99% Pac Bot C 0.. ..100 104
Gas & Electric— , Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight.los —
' : :••. Morning -Session. .
15 Alaska Packers' Association.... 100 TB
$5000 Edlpon L <£ P 80nd5... ..:.......... 134 00
90 Hawaiian Commercial. &' Sugar...... 26 S7H
15 Giant Powder Con.: 49 75
450 di do 49 62%
310Hana Plantation C 0.:......... I 8 60
i Hutohlnsnn S P Co 59 00
JSOOO Market-st Ry Con Bonds 6s .113 25
$12 COO Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 104 50
25 Sprint? Valley- Water..... 99 50
" 23 California-street Railroad 107 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 75
INVESTMENT ' . TOARD.
Morning • Session. / •
$4000 Spring Valley-Water, 4s." 102 75
$20<t0 S P Branch Ry of Cal 6s .....119 00
25 Hutchlnson S P C 0.... .59 00
20 Spring Valley Water. 99 60
- -■ MINING STOCKS.
I Following were ' the sales In the San -Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:. "
• . . Morning. Session. .
400 Challenge Con.. 14 [1000 Con Cal & Va.. 38
200 Chollar M! , .
"■ Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ;- ■v -. : '
" Morning Session. .;;■
200 Alta ............. 10 1000 Kentuck 06
200 Best & Belcher. 14 500 ...... 05
600 Chollar 15 300 Mexican ......... 15
200 Con Cal & Va... 3S 400 Ophtr ....'. 18
200 .*..:.: r v.;. .:...'.'.. 31 500 Potosl. ..'... ;...:. '15
500 Con Imperial .... ; 01 300 Savage- 12
200 Gould & Cuny... 15 200 ...... ;............ IX
800 Justice ............. 12 200 Union Con ...... IS
600 .;.... ...........".12H 800 Yellow Jacket.. 14
200.......' •■•.:-.;.•. ---la >■;, - .' \-v ■■■
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 3—12 m.
f Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .....'.....— OS Julia ........... — oi
Alta ......;....— 10 Justice ':........ 11 ■* 13
Andel" ......: 07 OS: Kentuck ........ 05 06
Belcher ..V. ::;."■' ls ?. 16' Lady Wash .... — 01
Bent on C0n ...".• 06 : ; 16 Mexican ..:.... 14 15
Beet & Belcher 13 14 Occidental ..... 66 —
8u11i0n.. ...:... 02 03 Ophlr ".".;;....... 17 18
Caledonia ......: 17 18 Overman ........ 03 <06
Cbollar .... ..... M - 15 Potosl ... ;;.....: 15 ■;"•' 16
Challenge Con. 14 loiSavag* 1° 12
Confidence 36 40; Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 33 3j Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial .. — OliSierra Nevada. 56 w
Crown Point .. 12 13 Silver Hill .... — «
Con New York. — 02 ' Syndicate — ° 3
Eureka Con ... — nlpt&ndard 150 ~
Exchequer — 04; Union Con 1* JJ
Gould & Curry. 14 16! Utah °» °*
Hale & Korcrs T5 80 ! Yellow Jacket. 14 lo
MINING BTOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock. [m. IT. !W. I T. I F. 8.
Alpha 02 031 021 02] 02)
Alta. 14 13 12 10 10)....
Andes 07 08 1 07 07 07 1 08
Belcher 15 15] 14 15! 16 1 18
Hest .v Belcher 14! 15! 14 13 13 1 13
Bullion 02' 02! 021 02 021 02
Caledonia 20i 20! 20j 20 19j 17
Challenge U I4i 12 13! 14! M
Chollar 15 16 15 1 IS 14! 14
Con. Cal. & Va 38 ' 40! 38| 3Sj 37! »8
Confidence 39 36! 37 35] 35! 36
Crown Point 131 121 12l 121 13 13
Gould & Curry 151 14 14! 14 15i 14
Hale & Norcross 75 ! 75 75}.... 701 75
Justice 151 15 151 171 121 12
Mexican 131 16 13! Ui 13! 14
Oi.hir 19! 21 18! 18 IS! 18
Overman OS] 05 051 05 051
Occidental 52! 54 55] 55 Bs| 56
Potosl 16| 17! 16! 161 151 15
Savage 11 ill 101 11 10 i 10
Seg. Belcher 02! ("3! 03! 03 031 03
Standard 11.5011. 50!l. 5011.65 1.5011.50
Sierra Nevada I 59) 60! 60! 59 1 57! 56
X'nlon itl 181 161 15| 15! 14
Utah 061 061 061 06! 06! 06
Yellow Jacket 161 16! 16| 15] 15! M
■ m ■
POLITICS IN THE CENSUS.
The Senate bill rests upon the as
sumption that census-taklni? is a po
litical job. The fact is that it is no
political job and that it is difficult to
get competent persons to undertake the
work, and still more difficult to get the
work completed.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
tate California I'ort land pepi.
[omer Newport Sept.
>ueen Victoria & Puget SoundiSept.
:nti<->nal City.. Oregon Ports ;Sept.
irlstol [Departure Ray jSept.
race Dollar... [Oregon Ports iSept.
harles Nelson. iHumboldt ISept.
rogreso j Seat tie jSept.
antaßosa (San Diego Sept.
hllkat [Humboldt Sept.
ortland St. Michael Sept.
eo. W. Elder.. Portland ,Sept.
Implre JCoos Bay Sept.
:orth Fork [Humboldt Sept.
olon JiianUa Sept.
lensyle China and Japan [Sept.
t'aehtenaw Tacoma Sept.
cos Hay Newport Sept.
.roata Coos Bay Sept.
rescent City... Crescent City Sept.
an Jose Panama f'P l -
uracao (Mexico Sept.
olumbla j Portland Sept.
k'alla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pugret Bound Sept.
Illance 'Honolulu ISept.
rizaba IHumboldt [Sept.
omona JSan Diego || ce P l -
optic (China and Japan .Sept.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Bteamer.
Destination.
Pomona — I
Orizaba ....
Homer j
State of Cal
Moana |
Santa Rosa;
Queen
Arapulco ..
ChtLkat j
Glengyle ...',
G. W. Elder
Coos 8ay...!
Arcata !
Columbia -.!
Walla Wall;
ISan DieifO !
JHumboldt ....j
Sept. *. 11 amlPler 11
Sept. 6, 10 am Pier 9
Sept. 6, 9am Pier 11
Sept. 7. 19 am Pier 12
Sept. 7, 2pm Pier 7
Sept. 8. 11 am Pier 11
I Sept. 8, 10 am Pier 9
Sept. 8, 12 m!PMSS
Sept. 8, 9 am Pier 13
Sept. 10, 1 pm'PMSS
Sept. 10, 10 am Pier 12
Sept. 10, 9am Pier 11
Sept. 10, 12 m Pier 13
Sept. 13, 10 am I Pier 12
Sept. 13, 10 am -Pier 9
■ Newport I
Portland
jSylney
;San Diego —
Vie & Pgt 3d. i
iPanama j
IHumboldt ....
Portland ,
(Newport
!Coos Bay j
'Portland |
!Vlc & Pgt Bd.|
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tbe United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sots of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained- regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the to*er of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the roomlnj papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). T T . S. X., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (J|isslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five rr.inutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Sun rises 5:42
Sun sets 6:35
Moon rises 8:28 p. m.
8
4
E:
8:01
1.:
2.
5.
4.!
4.'
8:22
9:22
10:29
11:3S
I 0.8
0.8
0.8
0.8
I ■
0
1
8:« i
9:251
3.;
4.
12:
1::
6
4.4
4.4
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are srlven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franc!s*co, Septem
ber 3. 1898.
The time ball was dropped about 32 seconds
before noon to-day on account of interference
with signals.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
6HIPPINO INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 3.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, 91 hours from Na-
nalmo.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Newsboy. EHefaen. 45 hours from Hu«-
neme.
Stmr Lacruna. Peterson, 18 hours from Rock-
port. ' ' . • . . ' <
Bark Harry Morse, F^llerton, . 6^ days from
Seattle. ■ •■-■-
Bktn Willie R Hume. • Brown, 23 . days from
Bristol Bay. 4 ' . .
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson/ 60 hours from Eu
reka. r
Bchr Jennie Thelln, Hangen, 6 days . from
Grays Harbor. Up river direct.
. Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, -4 • days from . Coos
Bay. -- •-■■ j»#Hs»*<lHffiS«*te»3';
. Schr John A, Hellqulst,-3 days from Eureka.-
CLEARED -, . . "
■ Saturday, September i.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. r- ■ ■ v ■ ■ -
Br ptmr BelKlc. Binder,- Hongkong, via Yo
kohama: O & O S3 Co.. ;
Ger ship Theodor, : Hamer, London; J J Moore
&Co ■ •■■ '• ■ . ■ ; " '. ■■•-' .. ■■
Haw bark Himalaya, Dearborn, Melbourne:
J Moore & Co. . ;
• • Rus • bark Westbury , Tackow, .. Sydney; J J
Moore '& Co. '
Schr Ottille Fjord., Segethorat,, Kahulul; Al
exander & Baldwin. .-.";'. '
- ' .. SAILED.
. . Saturday," September 8.
: Stmr Arcata,- Reed. Coos Bay.
: Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City; Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwinz, Fort Bragg. -
. .Br-stny Belglc.' Rlnder. -Hongkong, and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu. - . - •■.- -
- Stm- Umatllla, -, Cousins, Victoria ' and * Puget
Bound ports. ■ ' ': -''; •" -
Stmr Mackinaw, Ltttlefleld. -Tacoma, .'» - .
• Ship Santa Clara. Lindberg, • Karluk. "■;"■ -'.-J-':-
Br ship ■ Clan Macfarlan^, - Templeton, • Cape
Town. v/ - ; .. ■'■ -z ' ' '- w •--. •- ■■■/■ ■'■-r.-T.-
Ger ship Theodor, Hammer,: London.
"'' Rubs bark Westbury, Tackow," Sydney. "■']
Schr Mary Etta. ; Anderson.; >-- . ;
' Sehr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing. . -
* Schr Gotoma. Dedrlck. - Coos ' Bay.
Schr " Lucy, - Peterson; Umpqua. '- . v .
- Schr Archie and Fontle, Nyman, Stewarts
Point. : - -:■• ■■■:..' r., :■ . -\ •.,,/,..:.,..■..■ ..-.. .?,;-..
Schr S Danlelson, Crangle, i Shelter Cove.
-.- / •-;:. ■telegraphic. :
POINT ■ LOBOS, • Sept 3—lo .p. • m.— Weather,
hazy : wind, : SW; . velocity, " 12 ■ miles. -
; . . ' :; ; . ;■- CHARTERS.-' 1 ;-:---, '."' fr'-' -
The Alcldes ' loads '•■ mdse for ; London; '.-'■ Clan
Graham, mdse, for t Liverpool- or ■ London.
■ The ' Okanogan X loads , lumber at ; Port '-, Gam
ble * for Honolulu; Glory \of tne Seas, coal at
Departure I Bay ■ for. this I port; ; Chas •, F Crocker,
lumber on the Sound for. Sydney, 41s 3d".
-'■-. v^r ■■,-■■=!. ■-■.-: , -:■• SPOKEN. •',-::;. •„:-■-• ; .
m Aug 26— 31 22 rW,• Br bark Conway, from
Tacoma, 1 for Queenetown. :; ■ '." "
No date— Lat 28 N, no long, Br barlt Inver
coe. nence April 16, for Queenstown.
MEMORAN'PTM.
Per schr Eureka from Bristol Bay— Left in
port at Chisnik Bay the bark B P Cheney and
stmrs President and Thistle. _
In Bristol Bay-The schrs Antelope and Fros
per. bark Mcrotn, ships Indiana. Bohemia ana
Oriental.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON. Sept 3-B- shl- Glenerlj-ht frnm
Tyne. for Valparaiso and Br bark Balmoral.
from Swansea, tot San Francisco, havt b»-en
In collision Aug 20 off Cape Horn. The former
vessel has put into Montevideo badly damaged.
The latter vessel proceeded.
Br ship Routenburr. from Swansea, for San
Francisco, put into Rio de Janeiro Sept 2 witn
canro shifted.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Sept 3— Stmr Whites
boro. for Sun Francisco. ■ -.li.'iii-,
FORT BRAGG-Satled Sept Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco. . ' «».._
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 3— Br ship Otter
spool, from Honolulu. rwi ' ;
PORT GAMBLE— Sept 3— ochr Com
peer, from Point Hope; schr J M Colman, inn
Port Townsend. " _ ' '„,
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept 3— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco. . • _ .
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept 3— Stmr South Coast,
for - San : Francisco. • i'j,'-"'.-;-; , -
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed : Sept . Schr
Ida Schnauer, for Port Los Angeles.
VENTURA — Arrived Sept 3— Stmr South
Coast, from San Pedro. „ ' „ ~ v ««.,„
GRAYS HARBOR— Sept 2— Schr Fan
nie Adele. hence Aug 12. Sept 3— Schr Salva
tor, from San. Diego. . ' _ ,
Sailed Sept 2— Schr Glendale. for San Pedro.
Sept 3— Schr Challenger, for San Francisco.
USAL-Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Jewel, for San
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 3— Stm Geo Loomis
he -Arrlved Sept 3-Schr Rio Rey.
he Sa C ited Vl Au| 3-Schr Alice for San Pedro; schr
Halcyon, for Newport. - _
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 3— Schr J
M Colman. from St Michael. ChlT bark Suli
telma. from Chile: schr Annie Larsen. from
Sl TACOM A- Arrived Sept 3-Schr H C Wright.
fr SEATTLE-Arrived Sept 3-Stmr Del Norte.
fr TACO t MA- Arrived Sept 3-Schr Sequoia, hnc
A PORT TOWNSEND-Paesed ; Sept . 2- s
Annie M Campbell,- from Port Ludlow. for
H USAL- Arrived Sept 3-Schr Neptune, hence
A PORT BLAKELET-Arrlved Sept 3-Sch Jen
"lSliE^® Sept 2-Stmr South
C^lTOlS I Hr^B-S«««d Sept 2-Schr Bar
bara Hemßter. for San Francisco. -.„„,„
GRAYS HARBOR— Sept 3— Sch Zampa
f °PORT a ' GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 2— Haw ship
John Ena, for Port Ludlow and not Port Pirie
as reported yesterday. ;\L. "
POINT REYES— Paawd Sept Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed Sept 3— Br ship Grenada
from Nanalmo. for Honolulu.
« EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Sept 2— Ship Wm
H Smith, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 3— Ship Iroquois,
from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— July 27— Br ship Me
tropolis, for Oregon. July 31— Br bark Vale of
Doon. for Tacoma.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Sept 3— Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Sept 2— Ger bark Magal
lanes. for Newcastle. Ent?. „
VALPARAISO— SaiIed July Bktn Encore,
for Antofagasta and San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Sept I— Stmr Allianca, from
New York. . -
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave ■ Broadway
wft»>» wharf, San Francisco:
■ 6H^Sa»v For Alaskan port?. 10 a. m.,
' fiKK»» Sept. 3 S, 13, 18, 23. 2S. October
i AlHiil 3, transfer at Seattle.
BMBISI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
JMBlillttfrni C.), Port Townsend, :"-i: "-i .mlr,
r^^^^B^Ba Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whateom (Wash.), 10
a. m., Sept. 3, 8, 13. IS. 23. 23,
October 3. and every fifth day thereafter,
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Rv., at Tacoma to N.
P Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Sept.
6, 11, 17, 23, : 29, Oct. 5, and every sixth day
th For af Santa ■ Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), i
Oaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9. a. m.. Sept, 2. 6, 10. • 14. . 18. 22, 26.
30 Oct 4 and even' fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford • (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lrfx Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
NT Sept 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S, Oct. 2 and
every fourth day thereafter. „ ,
For Eneenada, Map-dalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz.' Santa Rosa-
lia . and . Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of
every month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arM h"«ns of sa'iline.
TICKET OFFIOE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
•10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. . m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
InilL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Sept. 7, 16. 25
Geo. W. Elder Sept. 10. 19, 28
Columbia ..Sept. 13, 22. Oct. 1
Bt. Paul ...... $16 00 St. Louis $32 04
Kansas; City .... 26 00 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00 New York a 09
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantic.
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) ■■ 42 North f Tlfn
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers "CZBfO*
by ' this line avoid both transit by *"•••■■*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing I
the channel in Ia . small boat. New York to
Alexandria, • Egypt. . via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, . $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE .;.... ..Sept, 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.... Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 8, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
fMßPflUflfffl The S. S. MO AN A
JwißtliBL Batl3 via Honolulu and
•■■ Auckland for Sydney!
y "^^^-—"^ ■ Wednesday. September
(SlS' I • \ 7, at 2 p. m.
QHCflllDniU sails for Honolulu only
QAWjHUIIII/ Pallß fOT Honolulu only
/Qmß7l|/U»Wf'dnpSflay. September
\M!llf/UIUS- 21 , at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, .South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st.; San Francisco. ]
_ BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer "Montlceilo." ■• '•
Mon., Tues.; ■ wed., Thura.' and Sat I
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays. ....1 p. m. and 8:38 p. m. |
Sundays. 10:30 a. m. And 8 p. m. |
-. Landing and offices— Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE. |
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 7Sc. I
Delightful Bay Trip. 44 miles and return.
On Sundays. Excursion. $1. .' •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
f ■ VU Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN -FRANC ISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
' WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *S:00. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3.20. 4:00. 5:15. *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, • Saturdays and • Sundays at 11:30
p. m.\'.::'- •• • ■••:.. . ' , : : ■■
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »9:00, ' 'lOjOO. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. : 1:00. *1:45. *2:30 *4:00. 5:30 6:«5 p. m.
, 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked* run 'to ! San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN . FRANCISCO.
;i WEEK DAYS— S:2S,-- 'd:ZS, ■: 7:55. 8:25. »9:50
a. m.; •12:20. 2:10. »3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
•EXTRA' TRIPS on '• Mondays. , Wednesdays
and • Saturdays at 6:40 p. v m.
.SUNDAYS— 7:OO,;: »8:00. *3:45, *10:45, ■■•11:46
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30, *5:15, *6:00. 7:00 p. m.
.Trains marked • start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, ■ 6:46. 7:55, 8:43, 10:10
a. m. ; 12:40 2:25, 3:55, 4:56. 5:20 p. m.
•■ 4 EXTRA TRIPS .on Mondays, Wednesdays,
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20,
2:40, 3:55. 5:30,- 6:30 p. m.
,-.--'.;,%.:;■ ■:; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way : sta'ns.
6:15 p. ;m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
■ 'males' and ■ way-stations.-.' ;- v **
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and ' way ■ sta'ns
VM p. - m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
BAELBOAD TKAVEL.
KOVTIIKKN PACIFIC COJIPIHT. L
(PACiriO STNTKM.) ~
?r """ MX HtARCIMW.
(Main Line, of Market 9treet)
tBATE - 3-KOJf July 10, 1898. — arrive
•fi:OOA Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •« : * '*
7:00 a IJenlcia, Buisiin and Sacramento.... l«:-»-»»
7 :IM>A Mary**"'*. Oroville and Redding t!»
Woodland :..:..... * !4 .
7:OOa Elinira, Vacaville and Run sty 8:45? .
7 :»« A Martinez, Sau Ramon. Vallejo, Napa,
C'alistoga and Santa Rosa 0:15?
B:UO* Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdeu and Kant.. «<•:>?
iiiltOA Han .lose. Sto :ktoti, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MarysTille,
Cfatco, Tehama and H«A Hliilt.... *--t;
H::tOA Peters, Oalcdale and Jamestown.... 7.-1-.
•J«:8Oa Miltoa.. • »7«lsif
KiUilt New Orleans Kii-ress, Merced. Fres-
no, JiakenOolil, Santa iiarltsra,
).(»« AnK'-lf". Demits. El Paso,
Now Orleans and East «i4^p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7: t .
*l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Ste«i>i»r* '!»!««-
....... San Jose, Niles and Way Station*. . . Jt»:ls A
2:O0p LiT«nnore. Meudota, Ilauford and
Vlsalia ....... .-..-; 4:13
Livermore, San Jose, Nile-- and Way
Stations Jl«:13.
«:OOp Martinez. San Uainou. Vall«jo,
Nap*, (.'a'listoicft, 1(1 Verano and
SmiUltnxa.-. •:I!i i
4-.o#r Benicia. VacaTllle, W00.'.! and.
Knights LtridiiiK. Msrysville, Oro-
Tille and S.»crainenlo ■•.•»«
4:» Nilen, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7tl 3*3 *
4 :»Op Stockton and Lodi IStloi .
4:Sor Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
- Mujave, Sauta liarbara and l.os
Am*»l.* 745«
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Tosemite) -nd Fresno llttlSp
4iitOp Santa V- Kuiite. Atlantic Express
for Mojivvo ami Kait «:»-..
*:OOr Knrorean Mail, Ugden and Kast M.t«
•B:«l»r Vallejo - 12:11.
Oi«»p llaynnriK Nllrs »nd Kan .lone ?t43 4
J7:OOr Vsllejo, Pert Costa and Way Sta-
tions t«:43p -
StnOp Oregon Kxiir.-ss, .Sacrainentn. Mary*- •
vilie, KeiMitig. Port. an. l. I'iiget
m H.>..:,.1 ai..l Kn-t g,|a
SAN UUItfUU AMI FIAIVABM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Strep
.1 Mplrniii-. Scminiir) Park, 7 7:1.1 a
» : »2* Kltehbnrs, Klinlmrst, 1*0.43 a
l«oot San Lear.<lro,Son(h S»« !•**»*
«I*.O-I Le.in.lro.KMu.llllo, »'.«*
: ia:u«»M Loren«o, Cherry ii-l?» ■
i;i:»Of aad tails*
»:<»»p H«j«r«rd«. tSzitir
7s«Op < Runs through tc Nile* 7:4Sp
I t Prom Niles. [
COAST 111 VISION (SarrOTT <.*■»«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
IT:43a Sar.tH Vint. £zctir»ion, Santa Cms
_. _ and Principal Way Station* {Sr«3p
8:1Ba Newark. (Jen San Jo«e,Felton,
Boulder Orni and Way
Stations Ji36r
•StlSp Newark, CentervlHe, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Ml «3 Oa,
«:15p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9:30*.
a4:!3p Boulder Crick and Santa Cru» JB:a*lA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SHI MiIICISCO— of Mtrkit Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ]]:00a.M. U:GO *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 tB:OO •8:00 p.m.
from 01SUXB— Po«t«f Br»»d»ay.— "6:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:00 *I:C9 {2:53 *3:00 14:00 *5:00 p.M.
COAST DIVISION (UroadUMge). ~~
(Third and Towugand Sts.)
•7:«0a B*n Jo«e ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liAOr
}?:30a Sunday Excursion (or San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove ana
Principal Way Stations tBt»3»
9:00 a Han .lose, Trta Vinos, Hants Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, Sao
liiiis Olilsi'o, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Pr;ncij>al Way Station* 4ilor
IO:tn« Sail .l<iso and Way Stations •*!«©*
II:3Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations "8:85*
*3ti43p San Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Kant n, Clara. Han .logo,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
fc.iMnas, Monterey and Pacific
<Jro»e ! "10:80.
•*:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *9sOOa
•l:I5r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:4sa'|
♦3:o«i> flan Jose and Principal Way Station! 6:33 a ?
3:K«»t- San .Tote and Principal Way Stations 3:3»p
«::i«»p Sau Jose and Way Stations 7:3»p
M>:-isp Ban Jose and Way Stations 7;UOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excented. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
| Sundayi and Monday*. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, ~9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:St
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:39.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ,
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; t»:*i.
2:40, . 5:10 -p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m. •■.,-. a
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ June 29.
Week I Sun- 1895. Sun- [ Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. j Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am '
3:30 pm 9:20 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pra -
Fulton.
7:20 am Windsor, 10:25 an
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:3o pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am •- I Hopland and I 110:23 am
3:3opm 8:00am| Uklah. | :35pm | 6 :22pm
7:30 am 10:25 ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ; : I 6:22 pm '
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and I
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen, | 6:lo pmf 6:22 pn»
7:3o ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
3:50 pm [ s:oopm| I 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Qey-
eervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala f«r
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratov*
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men- ■
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at "
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafaet at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßoute
TUB PEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
tv»ry Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car»
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
. Ran on the Following Times • • .
l/eave San Franclsce.4:Bo p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.JL
Arrive Denver... 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oO a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. L0ui5.. ...«:13 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. -
Arrive Chicago 9:B* p. m.. T.F.aS.M.T.W. .
1 HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
oerr« Superior Meal* at Very Reasoa*
-, ■ able Rates.
| yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa>
■ ttl- mum TICmIFFIK— mahki st .
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
' • Sacramento Office— 201 J Streei
• Bin Jose Office^:? West Santa Clara St» '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 18&8, train.i will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Eta- , Sunday ger. •
Dally. Exc'ptd tlona. Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
»:10am 12:60 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pin
10:40 am 3:6opm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:85 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
1:45 pm 11:50pm Bakersfield | :30 am 10 am
12:06 pm 7:50 pm Vlsalla ( 6:40 am 12:65 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 9 J
p. m. daily at Merced with stages to and from
StieUings. CoultervlUe, Yot«mlte. etc.: also '
with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa, etc.: at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. t
" ;" ' (Via • Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May . l,
1898: ■ -. ■'";-. ■-■•-.■ ■■■•'■"
- Week Days— a. m..1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:45 and .
1:80 p. m. ; " •'■-■ :: - ; ■ ■"•'• .:.....;
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11. -.
THOS. COOK & r SON, Agents. 621 Market
street, i Ban Francisco. •BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA.
[Synopsis of preceding chapters— Blnnte hav
ing turned the tables upon Ramirez, the Span
ish spy, had taken and made him a prisoner.
Then an order was secured by which Julia was
taken from prison. Ham- Ostend, Blnnle and
Julia forcing . Ramirez to pass them by the
sentries, had nearly made their escape from
the city of Santiago de Cuba, when a Spanish
officer drove up, searching, for them, the es
cape having become known to General Linares.
Julia, with quick wit, being disguised as a
Spanish soldier, offers to help the Officer to
find the fugitives. He, not dreaming that the
persons before him are those whom he seeks,
accepts the offer; Julia pointing out the nec
essity of having sharp men to help in the
search, succeeds In having Hlnn!e and Harry
Os^end made members of the searching party.
They ride out of the city in high glee, well
mounted and fully armed with the foolish of-
Boer.]
C TER VII.
rnHE four, the Spanish officer,
Harry Ostend, Julia and Binnie,
all fully armed, rode with varied
emotions. The officer hoped to
gain fame and reward; the others
hoped to use the ofticer to help them to
reach the American army outposts, at
least to get through the Spanish lines
■with his assistance. Soon they came to
where the road had three forks. Here,
upon the advice of Julia, who was pre
serving well the appearance of a Span
ish soldier, Harry Ostend was instruct
ed to ride in one direction, Binnie in a
second and the officer and Julia went
along in company, mi the main road.
Harry Ostend and Binnie did not ride
far before they drew rein. The sound
of the hoofs -of the horses ridden by
Julia and the officer had died out in
the distance. The two Americans rode
back to the fo sof the road and there
met, Binnie, who reached the junction
first, waiting for Harry Ostend to come
up. Together they then made their
way along the main road, keeping their
eyes and ears open. They realized that
Julia, when she had caused them to
take the side roads had some plan that
ehe wished to carry out alone, and they
also understood that she had sent tht.-m
away so that the entire party should
not f «ill Into trouble if she should fail.
A isiile from the forks of the road
Julia turned suddenly on her compan
ion.
Sudden suspicion flashed into the of
ficer's mind.
Click.
His suspicion came too late. "Who
are you?" he askod. At the same time
h-e reached for his pistol.
"Please give me that weapon, cap
tain," the girl quietly said. "You are
my prisoner."
The officer gave up his pistol ' un
willingly, wondering what this all
meant.
"I will call some friends of yours, if
you do not mind, went on the girl, in
an even tone of voice.
She took from its hiding place a me
tallic whistle and blew upon it a signal.
Shrilly through the forest the echoes
rang. Harry Ostend and Binnie heard.
This was the Cuban signal for as
eembling. It was familiar to the Span
ish captain, for it had been used by
the Cubans from the beginning of the
war of independence. The captain
heard and knew how easily be had been
tricked. His anger stirred so in him
that he drove the spurs deep in his
horse's sides and was away like the
•wind. Julia did not fire after him; she
waited for developments, secure in the
idea that the officer would not escape
her.
Onward came Binnie and Harry Os
tend with the speed of an onrushing
storm. Their first idea was that Julia
was in danger but when they saw the
Spanish oflierr alone and in full flight
the fun of thf> situation partly over
came them. There was laughter in
their voices as they called upon the of
ficer to rein in and surrender. This
the officer .sullenly did. He was forcod
to go on ahead of the two Americans as
they pressed forward to meet Julia. In
her excitement her soldier cap had fall
en fmm her head and her hair, vftiich
she had deftly coiled up and hidden in
her cap when she first put on the uni
form of a Spanish soldier, now blew
loosely about her shoulders.
The disgust of the Spanish officer was
intense.
"Taken prisoner by a girl," he sai-l.
'.'How will that sound when it is
known?"
"It will not be known at once." re
sponded Harry Ostend. "Julia," he
went on, as he turned admiringly to
ward her, "of all the brave and wise
Cuban girls that it has been my good
fortune to meet, you are the bravest
and wisest."
"Thank you, Mr. Ostend; and thank
you, too, Binnle, for coming to my
help. I gave you both a chance, you
see, to take part In the capture of the
brave Captain." ;
Ostend, Binnie and the Cuban girl:
This was too much for the wondering
Captain.
"Will you answer me one question?"
"You wish to know where Ramirez
Is, I suppose?" said Julia.
"Yes."
. "He was the fourth person in our
party. "When you innocently engaged
us to catch ourselves, Ramirez, stood
by. quaking with fear, believing that
you would recognize him. He brought
us to the outer line of the city and he
was a good conductor; but we think
that you will be of as much use as he
was." I
"Never." The officer's face was
pallid with rage as he said this.
Three pistols were leveled at him.
He looked at them coolly for a mo
ment, then he realized that he must
obey.
"Lead on," he sullenly said.
"No, you are to do the leading until
we are safely beyond all the Spanish
lines. If you serve us well and do not
attempt to betray us we will speak for
you when we join the Americans. But
do not trifle with us if you wish to see
sunny Spain once more." So said
Harry Ostend. /
. Onward the party went. Binnie rode
ahead of the Spaniard to head him off
In case he should make another dash
to escape. Harry Ostend and Julia
brought up the rear. Binnie had no
difficulty In following the trail, which
led ud to a blockhouse which was
filled with Spanish soldiers who were
lounging lazily about.
"Beware," said Harry Ostend to the
Spanish officer, as they came In Ficrht
of the soldiers. "You will say that we
ON THE WAY TO MEET ADMIRAL DEWEY THE PUMPKINS FALL IN WITH A WHALE WHICH THEY PUT IN HARNESS FOR A QUEER EXCURSION.
BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
are in haste; that you are In command
of the party, and that we will not stop.
Your life depends upon doing as we
bid you."
'•Take the news to our friends," so
said the commander of the blockhouse
tis the party refused an Invitation to
stop for breakfast, "that we are all
ready for the Americans and will give
them a warmer welcome than they will
care for."
"That was well done, very well
done," remarked Harry Ostend grimly
as the blockhouse disappeared from
view behind them, "but I think that
hereafter it will be well for me to be
the captain of this company, just to
avoid accidents. I will trouble you,
Captain, for your uniform."
When the party again moved Harry
Ostend was dressed as a Spanish cap
tain. Several blockhouses were passed
and Harry Ostend talked for the party
and managed to pick up much infor
mation. To avoid any accident, the
Spanish captain was treated as a pris
oner, a possible suspected spy, and
while the three friends freely feasted
with the Spaniards the real captain
TRIUMPHANT EXIT OF THE AMERICANS FROM THE CITY.
was compelled to lie in guard houses.
No one knew him, for he had not been
long in the province.
In high spirits the Americans and
Julia journeyed. They proceeded slow
ly after the first day, their purpose be
ing to learn all they could. At one
blockhouse they heard of the brave ex
ploit of Hobson and his gallant com
panions, who sank the Merrimac t<>
prevent Cervera from escaping. At an
other they heard of the oncoming of a
considerable force of American soldiers.
When they knew that the Americans
were near they hastened on, being im
patient to take part in the real fight
ing for the freedom of Cuba. Once, as
they climbed a hill, they saw far below
them the glitter of bayonets and bold
and clear on the morning breeze came
the music of an American band playing
"The Star Spangled Banner." Still
keeping on they caught a glimpse of a
fluttering flag. It was the glorious red,
white and blue. They longed to go on
to the American lines at once; but
thought it prudent to wait until night,
when they might be surer of escaping
the notice of the Spaniards. As soon
as the dusk of the evening fell they
moved forward on foot, leaving their
horses tied behind them.
As the moon swung grandly up above
a tangle of forest and thick growth of
chaparral, the figures of the four -per
sons were clearly in relief against the
landscape. There was a moonlighted
space of many yards to cross before
the friendly cover of the forest could be
once more gained. There was no time
to turn back now; there was in imme
diate view the double danger of being
shot by both friend and foe. The Span
iards knew that no friends of theirs
could now be journeying toward the
American lines. The Americans would
also have reason to suspect a trap and
might at any moment open fire.
Harry Ostend's anticipations in this
direction were not overdrawn. There
suddenly came flashed from the depths
of a tree behind them, within the Span
ish lines, a keen light, which was imme
diately followed by the whistle of a bul
let. The first bullet was followed by
another and another in quick succes
sion, and the American outposts, eager
to bring on a general engagement, re
sponded.
"Fall on your faces," commanded
Harry Ostend, "or none of us will live
to reach the American lines."
Behind them came the trampling of
feet The Spaniards were coming. Re
gardless nf the command that he had
just given, Harry Ostend rose to his
kfnee and prepared to defend himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
He was not up any sooner than Binnie
and Julia. The Spanish officer still lay
flat upon the ground, being unarmed.
This was the first time that Julia had
ever been actually under fire, but she
acquitted herself like a veteran soldier.
From the small group of fugitives such
a fierce and well directed rain of bul
lets proceeded that the small Spanish
party who had emerged from the edge
of the woods once more sought the wel
come refuge that its shade afforded.
Still the American rifles barked like
dogs of war; still the withering fire of
bullets tore away twigs and sought out
with great accuracy the Spanish sharp
shooters in their eyries in the thick foli
aged trees. When the fire of the
Spanish slackened for a moment Harry
Ostend asked: "Is any one hurt?"
"No," was the prompt response of
Blrinle and Julia.'
"Then the time has come for a dasn.
Never mind the captain; we will leave
him behind, and he must explain his
plight to the Spaniards in the best way
he can. Forward."
Up leaped the three into full view,
daring the fierce firing of the Spaniards,
and away they sped with the swiftness
of deer, the Spanish bullets whistling
uncomfortably close to them as they
ran for their lives. Although they W3re
fugitives the Spaniards sent no sound
of derision after them as they fle-1.
There are flights that demand as much
courage as the most reckless charges
against intrenchments and batteries.
This was one of this sort. In fact the
Spaniards, later in the night, talked ad
miringly of the exploit of their un
known foes until they learned the en
tire story from the Spanish officer who
had borne the Americans unwilling
company to this place. Then their ad
miration, while it was heightened for
the daring and skill of the Americans,
was tempered with disgust for their
own officer. Loud was the laughter
about thi Spanish camp fire at the ex
pense of the captain, who had been
made a prisoner and who had been
tricked into aiding in the escape of
tho^e whom he had been sent out to
capture — all by the wit and adroitness
of a young girl of Cuba.
Harry Ostend led his comrades
toward the American camp. They were
compelled to chop their way through
the forest with machetes, and their
progress was slow, especially as one of
the party had to remain behind as a
rear guard. All night long they toiled
without meeting friend or foe. The gray
dawn came and they were still some
distance from the American outpost/?.
Julia was completely tired. Harry
Ostend concluded that they would go
no farther until she could get rested.
Seeking for a place of refuge he found
a great tree with a hollow trunk. The
opening in the tree was large enough to
permit the girl to enter. Once within
s,l;e was out of the sight of any passer,
for a climbing ivy nearly covered the
holo or doorway to what Binnie called
the "Palace Hotel." They were all
hungry. Harry Ostend mounts 1 guard
at the tree and Binnie went in search
of breakfast. This was not difficult to
rtml. Berries and wild fruits abounded.
With his rifle in easy reach Binnie
picked Ms Spanish soldier cap full of
berries. Venturing a little way out of
the thicket he uttered a low cry of joy,
for near at hand was a banana tree,
fairly laden down With ripe fruit. This
breakfast provision was rounded out by
catching a brace of birds which Binnie
skillfully brought down from the trees
with stones. A fire was made in an
other hollow tree. The smoke, as it
slowly escaped from this improvised
kitchen, was hardly to be noticed at
any considerable distance and Binnie
\v;is not afraid that it would bring any
of their enemies upon the scene.
A brook of sweet water ran by and
they made cups of the large leaves of
the banana tree and drank freely. All
felt much refreshed. They did not
lose sight of the fact that their danger
had been increased by the knowledge
that the Spanish officer, lately of their
party, had of their identity. The Span
iards would wish to capture them for
the reward and the glory to be gained.
But Harry Ostend did not believe that
their hiding place could be readily
found. On the whole, they felt that
they were now having an experience
such as Robinson Crusoe might have
appreciated.
During the day Binnie climbed a tall
tree and looked toward the American
line. To his astonishment, he discov
ered that the Americans had disap
peared. Harry Ostend understood.
Only an American scouting party had
yet appeared in that neighborhood and
they had been ordered back. This
made the position of our three friends
more critical. The Spaniards would
soon know that the Americans had
fallen back and would come on in force
to capture the fugitives.
"There is need for us to be under
way at once," said Harry Ostend. "Is
Julia able to go?"
"Ready," was the cheerful answer,
given without hesitation.
'"We must follow the American scout
ing party as rapidly as possible. Our
best hope of escape lies in that direc
tion."
Even as he spoke, a dull, harsh sound
was heard by them all.
"Bloodhounds! They are hunting us
with bloodhounds!" said Julia. For
the first time her face paled and her
hands trembled a little. The outlook
was Burely full of peril now. Once the
bloodhound is upon a fresh trail he
never rails to find the victim for whom
he searches. What was to be done?
Soon the little party of three might ex
pect to be surrounded by enemies who
would follow the lead of the fierce and
um-rring hounds.
Harry Ostend said nothing. He was
busy thinking. He looked as uncon
cerned as if there were no hounds or
Spaniards within a hundred miles.
(To be Continued).
LITTLE DOG LADDIE.
BY JENNIE LANDMANN
STOCKTON
SPENT my vacation with a little
dog named Laddie. He does all
kinds of tricks. If you show him
I a piece of bread he will walk on his
-*- hind leers for it. He looks very
funny when he hops around. When we
are at. the table he sneezes for a piece
of meat. When he sees me put on my
hat he will run out to the corner and
wait until I come, and then follow me
to town. Laddie is going to have his
picture taken soon.
KITTY'S SAD MISTAKE.
BY MAYME ELOISE FOX.
A kitty once captured a fat, toothsome
bird,
Which, when she prepared to devour,
Spoke thus: "Mistress Tabby, to eat with
soiled face,
Belongs not to those of great power.
"Both custom and etiquette have a fixed
rule,
That ere one partake of a meal
His face must be clean and his toilet ar
ranged.
For cleanliness counts a great deal."
This flattering, plausible counsel appealed
To Tabby; the bird sho released,
That sho might her facial ablution per
form,
The better to relish her feast.
No sooner her hold on the bird she re
laxed
Than upward he flew to a tree,
From whose leafy bough he regarded the
cat.
Chagrined to no little degree.
Experience proved a wise teacher to puss,
Its lesson no time can displace;
And kitty, recalling: the loss of one meal.
Takes food before washing her face.
Teacher — John, of course you would
rather be right than be President?
John (guardingly)— Well. I'd rather
be right than be Vice President. •
STORY OF A
SOLDIER CAP
BY GULIELENA ZOLLINGER.
THE Western city where Minnie
Tilford lived with her mother,
brother and sister was full of ex
citement. Its boys were going to
war. Minnie's father had been
one of the boys in the old war, and fif
teen-year-old Minnie, the oldest of the
three* children, was thinking about it
while the drums beat and the flags
waved.
"How old was papa when he went,
mamma?"
"Barely 18, dear."
"Did you know him then :
"No; I was a baby then. The war
had been over fifteen years when I
first met your father."
Mrs. Tilford had not paused in her
sewing as she answered her daughter's
questions. She was sewing to earn
money to pay the rent.
"Were we always poor?" went on
Minnie.
"No, dear. We had plenty while your
father lived." , _
It seemed to Minnie that her father
had been dead a long while. Eleven
years. Just as many years as her
younger brother. Allan, was old.
"I can't seem to remember what
plenty is like, mamma," she said at
last. "And she looked around the small
and faded room.
Mrs Tilford thought of the poor ad
visers she had had, who had squan
dered her all in bad investments, and
said nothing. She could remember what
plenty was like, and the contrast be
tween her former and her present cir
cumstances was painful to her.
"When I'm a man," said 13-year-old
Bert "I'm going to Washington and
get you a pension. That's the thing to
THE PERSECUTED DOLL REPROVES HER MISTRESS FOR NEGLECT
do Then you won't have to sew, I
guess I was talking with George
Hooper about it and he said that was
the thing to do. His aunt gets a pen
sion, and she don't sew."
"I should like to have a pension, cer
tainly," said Mrs. Tilford.
"Well, I'm going to get you one," de
clared Bert, grandly. Then he seized
his hat and rushed out, attracted by a
noise in the street.
There had never been any talk of a
pension in Mrs. Tilfords Hat of two
rooms until now. And Minnie turned
curiously to her mother. "Can Bert do
it, mamma?" she asked.
"No, dear, I am afraid he can't. But
there is no need to discourage him. Hjf
isn't a man yet, you know," and she
smiled.
"But why, mamma? Why can't he?"
"Because your father's papers are
lost," answered Mrs. Tilford. gravely.
"I knew nothing about business when
your father died. His army papers may
have been among his other papers. I
do not know. But four or five years
ago I made a search for them. If I
could find them—" she paused and
looked dreamily out of the window
while a vision of good food and com
fortable clothing for her children
passed before her.
"Could you get the pension if you
found them?" asked Minnie eagerly.
"Yes, I am sure of it."
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
"I wish I could help more!" ex
claimed the girl, looking up from the
bastings she was patiently pulling out.
"We are so poor."
"You help all you are able," an
swered the mother, fondly. "Mother
appreciates her big girl who helps sew
and wash dishes and cook and scrub
and wash and iron for us all. It is be
cause you help so much that I have
the good chance I have to earn."
"Where did you look, mamma? she
asked, presently.
"Everywhere," answered Mrs. Til
ford, briefly. "Don't think any more
about it, daughter. It will only make
you unhappy."
"But I must think of it, mamma. We
need it so."
The next day there came a letter and
a package to Minnie. Her New York
cousin, Willie Applebee, was going to
war. "And as a parting remembrance,
my dear little cousin," the letter ran,
"I send ycm a soldier's cap."
Hastily Minnie opened the small
package and took therefrom a bonbon
niere, which was the "soldier's cap,
and it was filled with chocolate creams.
"How lovely!" cried Minnie, passing
the candy to her mother. "Isn't it a
dear little soldier's cap, mamma.
And without waiting to hear her
mother's reply she went on with her
letrer. "The shops are full of pretty
conceits in bonbonnieres," wrote the
cousin. "Knapsacks, sailor hats, shells,
shield-shaped boxes, tents with a sol
dier on guard at the door. But I chose
to take off my hat, as it were, to my
Western cousin—" So the letter ran
For two or three days Minnie's
thoughts were in a whirl. Now she
thought of Willie off for the South, now
of the dainty bonbonniere, and now of
her father's papers. And out of the
chaos at last darted an idea.
"Mamma!" she cried. "Come!"
"Come! Where?" asked the mother
in astonishment.
But Minnie held out her hand almost
impatiently, her eyes shining with x
citement. "I've a thought, mamma.
Come." she repeated.
Without a word Mrs. Tilford laid
down her sewing and rose to follow her
daughter into their tiny sleeping-room.
Down dropped Minnie on the floor, and
groping under the bed brought out a
long flat box.
"What do you mean, Minnie?" de
manded Mrs. Tilford. "That is your
father's old unifc-rm."
"I know it, mamma. Open the box;
open it quick!"
"The child has been too much ex
cited the last few days," thought Mrs.
Tilford, glancing at her daughter's
flushed cheeks. "I will humor her."
She opened the box.
Impatiently Minnie reached past her
mother and picked up her father's cap.
Her sensitive fingers felt of the crown.
"They are!" she cried. "They are here!
Feel, mamma! Don't you feel paper
in the crown?"
A few moments' careful work took
out the lining /and out fell the papers.
"Your father was wise," said the
mother, brokenly. "He knew I was
careless and young. And he knew, too,
that I loved him and would never part
with his uniform."
She said no more, but her heart went
out in gratitude to that higher pdwer
that had directed her throueh human
means to this piece of good fortune.
"How came you to think of it?"
asked the mother, when the papers had
been placed in the hands of an agent
and the pension and back pay assured.
"I thought," said Minnie, "if a sol
dier's cap would hold chocolates why
might not a soldier's cap hold papers?
It was Cousin Willies bonbonniere."
JINKS' DOLL
AND GERTIE
BY ESTELLE BAKER.
GERTRUDE never believed that
her doll, Jennie Jinks, could talk
and walk and act just like she
could herself, but I think that
she believes it now. She told me
all about it the other night when she
was sitting- down on the floor by the
sitting room fire.
You know Gertie has a whole family
of dolls, all sizes and shapes, colors
and nationalities. But her prime
favorite is her big doll, Clarisse de
Montague, who is a great big. beauti
ful French doll, dressed in blue satin
and a lovely white hat with a curling
ostrich feather winding around it, and
with finely worked silk and linen
underclothes. Clarisse has wonderful
real brown curls and big brown eyes
that open and shut. She can talk
that is, she can say "Mamma" and
•Papa" and "Ough," just like Gertie's
little baby brother, Louis, does.
There are so many dolls that it would
take too much time to tell about them
here, but she had one doll that she
always detested. She called her Jennie
Jinks. She is about a foot and a half
long and is dreadfully homely, but
that isn't her fault, for her little
mamma has totally neglected her.
She has but one gown to her name and
that is a dirty red calico dress.
Gertie was very sleepy the other
day — that day it was so hot — and she
went to sleep under the pepper tree out
on the lawn. In about five minutes—
so It seemed to Gertie — she was awak
ened by a small but angry voice at her
side, and raising herself up on one
elbow she peered over the side of the
hammock. Well, of all things' If there
wasn't Jennie jinks standing on the
grass, a most disreputable sight, with
her matted straw-colored hair strag
gling down her back in such a sorry
fashion.
"Well, well," cried Gertie in great
surprise, "I didn't know that dolls
could walk and talk."
"Well, they can," replied Jennie, with
a great show of indignation, "and I am
very angry at you tajbause you treat
me so."
Gertie had left her lying face down
in the dust near the woodshed in the
back yard. Gertie was speechless from
mingled surprise and shame. The doll
went on talking.
"You treat me Just like an old stick
of wood. You haven't washed my face
for at least a month, and I haven't had
on any other dress but this old filthy
red thing for at least three months. I
think it's a shame to dress me too
badly for people to look at and I am
only good enough for people to step on
and knock around."
Gertie knew this very well, but she
had no defense, so the doll continued
her lecture.
"There isn't a button on this red
dress and you put in two pins and they
hurt dreadfully. You have just 'jabbed'
them into the very flesh and I wish
you would take them out!"
With a penitent sigh Gertie pulled
out the pins and tucked them under
the frill of her guimpe.
"That's so much better," cried the
doll in relief. "They have been stuck
into me for over six weeks. *
"And besides all this you leave me
out in the yard every night, in the dust
and cold, while you put that conceited
Clarisse de Montague up in her lovely
cradle and tuck the silk and wool
blankets all around her precious
shoulders" (with a sniff of disdain)
"and me you leave out here in the
damp night. That's a lovely way to
treat a doll. Suppose your mother
should do that!"
"I didn't know that dolls had feel-
Ings," said Gertie apologetically. "You
didn't," shrieked the doll, "I'll show you
if they have feelings,' and with this
she rushed up to Gertie and tried to
throw her out of the hammock. But,
of course, the little thing couldn't do
it, and, as Gertie heartlessly laughed,
she suddenly sprouted up faster and
faster until she grew as high as Gertie
— no, higher — and started to throw her
out of the hammock. Gertie screamed
and sprang forward— but the doll had
fled; gone to doll land.
ON THE PARLOR WALL
BY CATHERINE HOWARD.
Draw back the folds of the parlor cur
tain,
Let the light through the window fall
On a picture by wee hands painted,
There on the snow-white parlor wall.
Ah, to your eyes it may disfigure —
Fairest of all it is to mine.
For I see in the childish penciling
Trace of my darling in each line.
Oh, for a glimpse of that tiny figure!
Oh, but once more to hear the call!
Lisped so sweet, "I have drawed a pic
ture,
Mother, for you, on the parlor wall."
JOKES BY JUVENILES.
Little five-year-old Flossie had ob
served that fish was always served for
dinner each Friday at her home in the
city, but she had missed it during a
two weeks' sojourn in the country.
"Grandma," she queried, "don't you
never have Fridays in the country?"
"Of course we do," was the reply, "but
why do you ask?" " "Cause," answered
Flossie, "they don* smell like the Fri
days we have in town."
A Denver tot closed her prayer with:
"God bless papa and mamma and
Dewey and Shafter and Schley and
Sampson and Teddy's Terrors, and I
wouldn't be very hard on poor Admi
ral Cervera if I were you."
Mrs. Ferry — Did you behave yourself
at Mrs. Wallace's and not ask the sec
ond time for pie?
Bobby — Yes'm, I didn't have to ask
only once. I got the first piece without
asking.
The Imagination of small boys is worth
having. Tha other night, when Mr. Wal
lypug was lying asleep on tho library
sofa and snoring away for dear life, Mrs.
Wallypug remarked that she wished he
would not snore so.
"Pa ain't snoring." said Thomas Wal
lypug. "He's dreamin' about a dorg, and
that's the dorg growlin'."— Harpers Ba
zar.
3132
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. B. A.
ov. W. Klncald. D.D. <•
Fool," with prelude i
ory and Its Shame." 4
Evening — "A .
on "The War,
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L.
loming— Divine service at 11. Evening-
Evensong and recital of prayer.
Emmanuel " Baptist, Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
Morning— "Seek to Excel."
Am the Door."
Et Agnes Church. Masonic avenue.
Page aud Oak streets.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street,
Steiner.
St. Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth and
well streets.
Father P. J.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins..
Rev. William P.
Morning — "Pictured Truth." Evening — <
"Voices From the Stones." - <■
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11 <
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and sermon on <•
the Gospel. ... <•
■ . — <
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of <•
the ■ priests ■of the community. Evening— <
Vespers, sermon. a/id benediction. ir:-:'* '.»•;'--;<
. — « ■ — * <
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening <
— Vespers. • , ,■ •• <
. — — — — — — —— — —^^"™ ■ <
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening— <
Sermon and benediction. • i'-'-'A
, „__ ___ ■ .—. — 4
Morning— mass. Evening— 4 o'clock, <•
vespers, sermon , and benediction. <
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <
Sermon by the pastor. 4
I— ' <
St. Brendan's,
street*.
Fremont
and
— Vespers.
St. Brlgld's. Vaa Ness avenue and I
way.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl. Alemany and
Croke streets. .
St. Charles,
streets.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets.
Rev. Plus Murphy
Morning— High mass and serir.jn at 11 i
o'clock. Evening— Rosary and sermon by <
one of the priests of the Dominican Order. 4
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening <
— Vespers. 4
■ — <
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Rev. D. O.
Morning— High macs and sermon at 11 <•
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, vespers and <<
benediction. 4
■■ ■ <
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel of the day <
by Rev. Father G. Burkhard. Evening— 4
Sermon by Rev. Father Calzta on "Th« <j
Greatness of Mary at Her Nativity." 4
.—. — - — ■ 4
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening <<
— Vespers. 4
\ — - <
Bt Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
etreet.
Jesuit Fathers
Bt. James,
streets.
Twenty-third and
Father P. R.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Bt. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
6'Farrell street.
St. Mary's C|||rch. California and
streets. ™
St. Patrick* b. Mission street, near Third.
Father P. Bcanlan...
Rev. J. Preudergast, V. G
Paullst Fathers
Father Gray
Morning— Services at 10:30 o'clock. Evening <i
—Sermon, vespers and benediction. -;.■»:.. <j
Morning— mass at 11 o'clock and ser- <
mon by one of ti.e priests of the parish. 4
Evening — Bermon and benedlc- <<
tlon. «
■ ; <!
Morning — Services at 11 o'clock. Evening — <
Vespers. <
Morning— mass and sermon on • the <.
Gospel. Evening — Sermon and vespers. <
<
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <•
. Ing — Vespers, benediction and sermon. 4
Morning — Sermon in Italian by one of the <•
priests of the community and high mass. i
Evening— Sermon and vespers. <
. , <
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening — <
Vespers. 4
. . ■ . <
Morning— High mass and sermon on the <
gt. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Church
Father Connolly
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and
street?.
Salesian Fathers
j
St. Peter I *, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth.
Father P. S. Casey
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets.
Father Coyle
Father Browne
, . .
Morning— Sermon and high moss. Evening 4
— Vespers. 4
Morning— High moss at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <
ing — \ espera and sermon. <;
Morning — High mass and sermon tn French <
by one of the priests of the community. <,
Evening — Vespers, benediction and ser- <j
mon. i
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street, near
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
• .. ' ■-• :.
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Twelfth
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— "Under the Juniper Tree." Even- <
Ing — "Christ Our Exemplar." <s
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
— . <
Morning— Divine service and address at 11 <
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the rector. 2
_ — — — — <
Morning— Sermon by Rev. F. B. Perkins. <
— Sermon by same. • - 4
Bethany Congregational,
near Twenty-fifth.
Bartlett
street,
Rev. W. C. Pond
Bethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth streets.
Vermont and
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Sermon by the rector. Evening— <
_ . <
"Prayer a Continual Privilege <
Illation." Evening— "Unacknowl- <.
lrlohfpdnpHß to iTirlotlanltv " a
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
and C
edged
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Rev. G. C. Adams
Morning— "Voices of the Dead." Evening— 4
! "Truth." <,
.Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even- <
I Ing — Prayer service and sermon. <
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Mason
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
Morning— "The Home and Its Problems." <
Evening— "Wh» Wrote the Bib'e?" 4
Plymouth Congregational. Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
. ___ , ,
Morning — 6ermon by the pastor. Evening <
—The recital of prayer and song service. <
Grace Episcopal. California and
streets.
Rev. R. C.
Morning — Communion sen-ice at 11. Even- <
ing— Festival service, followed by a ser- <
mon. 4
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
iitreet,
Bey. J. A. Emery
[ornlng— Sfrmon by the rector. Evening <
—Sermon and the recital of prayer. <
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
I
Morning — Sermon and song service.
Ing — .-Sermon by the rector.
Even- <
i
<
St. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley....
sen-Ices for the soldiers. <
n and instruction by the <
pastor.
St. John the Evangeflst, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B.
-Divine services and sermon at 11. <
;— Sernun by the pastor. \
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and
(streets.
Rev. H. Parrish
Morning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock; ser- <
mon and recttal of prayer at 11. Evening <
— Sermon and Instruction by the rector. <
St. Ppter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
lornlng — Celebration of holy communion, <
with Instruction at 11. Evening — 7 o'clock, <
usual evensong, with address on "The <
Church In California." 4
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street.
Flllmore.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
at 7:30 o'clock, fol- <
Ice ar.d sermon by the <
g service and sermon. <
litany
rector.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. C. Cooke j
Morning— Holy communion at 11. Evening— <
Sermon. <
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Church,
Rev. F. W. Fischer,
Morning— "We Are AI3O His Offspring." <
Evening— Song service and address on <•
"Christian Idlers." <
Flrct English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander.
X—"TheK — "The Matchless Mystery." Even- <
"Amazing Grace." <
California Stwt M. E.
and Broderick streets.
Rev. J. N. Phelps
Evening— The pastor will address the mem- <
bers of the Junior OrOer of United Amer- <
lean Mechanics. ,
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W.
Morning— "The Votre of the Almighty." .
Evening— "The Watchword of the King- <
dom." <
Central Metliodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E.
Morning— "Our Reasonable Service." Even- •
Ing— "Blood ."s Thicker Than Water; or •
God's Call to England and America." .
First M. E. Church, Powell and; Wash-
ington streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
— Song service and sermon.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H.
Ivlne service at 11 o'clock. Even-
jn, followed by prayer service.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N.
Morning — Sermon .by the ! rector. ■ Evening
*— Song service and sermon. ;> V-
Howard Street M. E. Church,
street, near Third.
Rev. J. A. B.
Morning — "The Counsel of God Confirmed
to the Heirs of Promise." Evening — Ser-
mon by Rev. W. W. Case.
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and
Btreets.
Rev. D. W.
Morning— Sabbath service at U. Evening—
Sermon and instruction by the pastor at 8
o'clock.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. O. W. Beatty
Morning — Services at 11. Even) ng— Sermon
by Chaplain Mclntyre of the Oregon.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavla.
Rev. C. R. Rlddlck
Morning— "Christ and Him
Evening— "Christian Fear."
Crucified."
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-Eixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens.
Morning— "The Blessed Unity." Evening—
'■Russia's Autocrat as Servant of the
Prinze of Peace."
Franklin Street Presbyterian, Franklin
Vallejo streets.
Rev. D. James
Morning— "The Blessedness of the Godly."
Evening — "A Father's Sorrow."
Calvary Presbyterian. Geary and Powell
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
Sermon on "Are the Truths of Religion
Knowable?"
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness
nue and Saoramento street.
Rev. R.
Morning— Strmon by the rector. Evening—
"Heroism."
First Untted Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Sermon by the rector.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and
Octavla streets.
Rev. R. Liddell
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
Morning— "Faith vs. Fear."
"Power of Enthusiasm."
Evening 1 —
Mlspah Presbyterian, Harrison street,
Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane
Morning— Sermon and prayer service at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and evensong.
Howard
streets.
Presbyterian,
Oak
and
Rev. F. R.
and the recital of prayer,
n by the rector.
thwart Memorial V. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E.
t 11 o'clock,
sermon.
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third and
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— ll o'clock, administration of the
Lord's supper, reception and baptism of
new members. Evening— Rally, with
echoes from the State convention.
;
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and
ster streets.
Rev. 8. 8.
Morning— "The first Resurrection; or the
Closing Events of the Age." Evening—
"Christ as a Teacher," preceded by a pre-
lude on "Russia's Proposal to Disband
the Standing Armies of Europe."
Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Dr.
at 10; divine ser-
communion. Even-
11, folio*
) service.
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth
and Capp
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning— "The Works That Follow Us."
Kvpnlng— "ProvlJcnce and the City."
Gospel Hall, 3086 Mission street, near
lencia.
Believers gathered to the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ
Moraing—Braftking bread. Evening— Gospel
prefiwtig from the "Book."
Bt. Alban's Church, 102 O'Farrell street.
Rev. Erasmus Van Deerlln
communion and sermon at
::
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1898.
HALES.
[f^mrs mnrc* \a/001/ 10/^ll^o th^+'c oil! Then we start in on what will undoubt-
Un©. more weeK, iaaies--tnaT s •air: edly be the greatest fall season it has
been our pleasure to see in the past twenty years. This week we intend to close out what remains of our summer
stock, and we will close it out in our own particular way. That way is putting such a price on the balances that people
readily see their values. One price, and that a snap — for cash. We like just now, when we stand on the threshold
of another season, to look back to when we started in "Frisco." We started in our, own way, didn't we? We didn't have any copyable store
to follow; we blazed our own path, and it has led us into a way of success. We said spot cash and kept our word; we closed at 6 o'clock
Saturday and gained the good will of the working people;, we did not have time for sensationalism, nor the disposition; we just wanted to
sell what the people wanted, at the time they wanted it and at the price they could afford to . pay. We say now, fair and square, we offer
"good goods" — better goods than we ever carried — at a fair living profit.
Z£ y * then good=bye summer odds and ends, welcome fall novelties.
sale of
linens.
Table Damask, bleached, all pure,
linen, satin damask finish, fine quality,
and imported by us direct from manu-
facturer- :-'q -':"-•'/
Width 58 \62 .63 66 Inches
' Price 40c sOc 60c 75c Yard
Width 70 . 70 72 "2 Inches
Price 85c 91.00 91.15 91.60 Yard
Table Damask, half bleach, fine weave,
Imported direct from the best looms-
Width 56 58 58 60 Inches
Price 25c 35c 4Oc 50c Yard
Width 68 69 69 72 Inches
Price 60c Csc 7Oc 91.00 Yard
100 dozen Table Napkins. 20x21 QC/>
inches, linen and cotton mixed, *'5 '
not heavy,, but large Dozen
120 dozen, 22 Inches square, all f .5O
linen Dozen <P 1
towel .
sale.
. Huck Towels, fringed, colored borders,
fine weave, extra heavy —
Size 16x32 18x34 19x38
91.10 91.25 91.50 Dozen
Size 21x43 21x43 (Heavier)
92.00 92.75 Per Dozen
Damask Towels, knotted fringe, in
plain white and colored borders, direct
importation, extra strong in value and
wear —
17x34 21x40 21x40 22x44 23x47
91.50 92.00 92.25 93.00 93.00 Dozen
125 dozen Huckaback Towels, C/-»
16x31, fringed, colored . borders, OW
' fine weave Each
. 1000 yards Toweling, all linen, P\r*
.. unbleached, 16 Inches wide, good Ow
absorbent Yard
1600 yards Linen Toweling,
bleached and all pure linen, f f|/->
pure flax, 17% Inches wide. IVW
extra heavy, red border.. Yard
75 dozen Turkish Towels, (t(\ >
bleached, heavy quality, 23x--"VrW<
50 Each
flannelette ;
sale.
New Cashmere Flannelettes,
fleece back, dark colors, large Q 1 /-»
variety O3V
5000 yards Flannelettes, in
light . colors, fleecy, and deslr- J3ly-»
able patterns l)4v
little
notions.
Cube Pins, 100 in a box, assorted
sizes .;......... 5c
Superior •*- Hairpins, 60 in a box.
plain ana" fancy .......;:... 3c
Crown Knitting Silk (35 yards on
a spool) ...2«c
Horn Bone, 8 inches long, dozen.... 3c
Stockinet Dress Shields. No. 2. sc;
No. 3 ...:.. 6c Pair
Fancy Frill Elastic, 1 inch wide, 5
colors ........12%c
Ladies', and Misses' Side Supporters,
in white and black, cotton lisle elas-
tic and loop catch .....So Pair
Turned- wood Hairpin Cabinets
„ 5c Each
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The time will come when California
slate quarries will add an Important Item
to the yearly record of the State's mine
ral production. Its slate deposits have
been but little prospected or exploited,
but It is known that there are Immense
deposits of the finest quality for roofing.
They are generally away from means of
economical transportation, the to al de
mand is not great and the competition
from Eastern quarries leaves but a small
chance for profit to quarries favorably
situated.
The only locality in which slate has
been quarried in a commercial scale so
far is In El Dorado County, where within
a few years four quarries have been
worked on a not very extensive scale, but
more regularly or permanently. In 1595
the total value of the product was about
$9000.
Now, with the early coming of the busi
ness and mining revival the slate business
steps to the front again with the reopen
ing of the biggest quarry which has been
developed so far. The Placerville Nugget
says :
"The Strahley slate quarry at Kelsey,
which has been closed for the past four
years, will be opened up again in a few
days. This Is one of the largest and
richest quarries In the State, but on ac
count of lack of harmony has not been
worked lately. A number of San Fran
cisco capitalists and Thomas Alderson
have been negotiating for some time past
for the resumption of work on it. and tho
final papers were signed yesterday. The
quarry will open up under the manage
ment of Mr. Strahley, and about thirty
men will be employed. It is backed by
ample capital, so there Is no doubt that
It will be successful."
This ought to be good news. The value
of the slate interests of this county can
hardly be estimated. This active de
velopment means just as much to the
county as the development of our gold
mining interests, and It 1b to be hoped
that the Strahley property will boom right
along.
The encouraging mining situation in
Butte County Is thus reviewed by the
Orovllle Register:
"Although the season has been a very
dry one and many miners doing a small
business have been unable to wash their
gravel for want of sufficient water, yet
it is a fact that Oroville is daily visited
by many new men who are in search of
mines. From every part of the county
we learn that the business is being car
ried on with as much vigor and as good
results as at any time during the past
three years.
"The Banner mine, which has been idle
a part of the summer, has now put on a
crew of about seventy-five men, part of
whom are engaged In bringing the water
from Cherokee and others in taking out
quartz to be crushed. From down the
river comes the report that two new
dredgers are to be built and put to work
washing the gravel along the sides of the
river. The large quartz mines all over
the county are being operated with as
good results as any time heretofore. A
number of new mills have been erected,
new mines opened, and an air of general
prosperity Beems to prevail In this in
dustry. Owing to the low stage of water
In the several branches of the Feather
HALES.
continuation of the
great sale of the
Cook crockery stock.
A $14,000 stock bought by us at less than
half original cost; we sell semi-porcelain
ware at less than others charge for white
stone china.
Decorated China Sauce Dißhes 5c
Decorated China Fruit Plates 10c
Decorated Tea and -Coflee Cups and
Saucers lOc
Soup Tureen, 10-lneh, covered 50c
Hotel Water Pitchers. 2-quart 2Oc
Handsome Lelaire Jardinieres 50c
Cuspldores in many patterns 25c
Glass Cake Stands 20c
Semi-porcelain Cake Stands 15c
Decorated China Milk Jug 10c
Decorated China Spoon Holder 10c
Decorated China Mustard Pot 10c
sale of
glassware.
Imported Goblets, bulb blown 8c
Imported Claret or Champagne Glasses.. lOc
Imported Straight Beer Glasses, with
stem 7c
Importrd Sfcerry Glasses, with stem 8O
Imported Stemmed Cocktail Glasses lOc
Also Cut Saucer Champagne Glasses 2()c
Cut Whisky Ulasses 5c
Straight Ileer Glasses 5e
Thin Blown Straight Water Glasses.... 5c
sale of
pressed glass.
Cordial Glasses, sc; Wine Glasses 5c
Claret Glasses, sc; Glass Goblets 5c
Sherry Glasses or Stem Ale Glasses,
dozen 45c
Pressed Glass Fiuit Saucers, dozen 45c
Glass Egg Cups. sOc dozen; Glass Oil
Jugs lOc
Glass Sugar Bowls. lOc ; Milk Jug 5c
Pressed Glass Spoon Holders 5c
All In our big and busy basement.
to-morrow we shall place on display exclusive novel-
ties in fall dress goods and trimmings to match. We
invite the inspection of those who are interested in
the finest line of dress goods we ever offered — at
the same time an exhibition of new neckwear.
The celebrated French kid glove.
3-clasp Hte Jouvin ,■ _-.^S___3s_H_^_^_>»^ glove, , in . the -> new
blues, greens, navy, j3BBfjfe^w tans, browns, mode,
mastic, slate, silver ■ M3I 111 lTT^i^BS^ g ay, English red, ox
blood, burnt orange, pearl white and
black, the most styli sh glove possible —
sizes 5^ to 7in colors, S\ to 7\ in black, warranted and fitted. . .Pair <l> 4 Crt
3-clasp Hte Jouvin suede glove, black, with latest embroidered backs, n*A VLf\
5* to 7|.,.. <PI.OU
ladies'
handkerchiefs.
2fK) dozen ladies" union linen em- \^Lr*
broidered handkerchiefs, scalloped »'»V« r
and hemstitched Each
oriental
laces.
975 yards of white and butter col-
ored Oriental laces, from 4Ms to 10 | St /-•
inches wide, in fine and heavy pat- ICFV
terns Yard
If you live out of town send for our
fall and winter catalogue — just issued.
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
River, new mining claims have been
opened up. many of which paid their
owners handsome profits. As a whole
mining In Butte County this year will not
fall behind that of any preceding year."
The Yellow Aster Mining Company, by
Its recent record with its rich Randsburg
properties, Is doing much to advertise
that desert district, and the permanence
of its values. The developments of the
past few months In the Yellow Aster
have made Pat Reduy, the well known
San Francisco attorney, sorry he had
trouble with his partners and forced
them to buy him out. Concerning this
and the latest showing of the mine the
Randsburg Miner says:
"The Yellow Aster Mining Company at
their monthly meeting in Autrust made
their July dividend $35,000 instead of $25,
000 as was ct first contemplated. Their
expenses were less than expected, so
their dividend was larger.
"Since December, 1597, the company has
declared and paid $85,000 in dividends, of
which Reddy's share, had he elected to
stay in and work amicably with the oth
ers for the development of the Rand
mines, would have been $21,250, an
amount within $3760 of the whole amount
he received for his Interest. In addition
to that there is a surplus now on hand
In the company's funds sufficient to run
up his Interest in the dividend since De
cember last, and in this surplus, to an
amount at least $n©oo more than he re
ceived, and he would still own his one
fourth interest In one of the best paying
mining properties In the State."
The mining enterprise for the develop
ment of the North Fork of Feather River,
says the OroviUe Mercury, is now in a
very promising condition. It was thought
at first impossible to transport the neces
sary machinery to make the work suc
cessful, as the difficulties were seemlngly
Insurmountable. In fact, because of this
the North Fork has never been worked
except upon the benches and bars and the
bed of the river is known to be virgin
ground. Already all the machinery neces
sary for the work is on the ground, hav
ing been taken over gulches difficult to
even climb. These gentlemen control
eight miles or more of the river bed, and
if results are what they have every rea
son to anticipate the North Fork will
soon be a scene of active operations on
a largo scale.
Last week new machinery was taken
1 • team to Strawberry- Valley for the
Berry quartz mine, near that place. In
April last a two-stamp mili was put on
the claim, and since that time it has
been continually crushing quartz. The
prospecting in different parts of the mine
has been so satisfactory that a large
hoisting plant will be erected and sink
ing resumed at once. — Marysville Demo
crat.
The Machu mine is about to be pumped
out again and will resume operations un
der the superlntendency of Robert Wll
klns.—Calaveras Chronicle.
The Longfellow mine. In Tuolumne
County, has been sold to Andrew P. Dran
of Glasgow. Scotland, for $100,000.—Cala
veras Citizen.
Following upon the rich strike at the
Ford mine comes the confirmed report
that the Fellowcraft and San Andreas
mines have been sold to moneyed men
and that sinking will be resumed on
the former at an early date. With the
Fellowcraft on one side of the Ford
HALES.
new colored
dress goods.
Fancy Two-toned Frieze, 42 inches
wide, in black and turquoise, black
and heliotrope, black ami marine, <C|-75
with the fashionable heavy crepe €J>l
surface » Yard
Fancy Bayadere Cord, with serpen-
tine designs, intei woven with fancy VjJl-f'O
colored silk on black foundation, 42 <P ■
Inches wide Yard
Fancy Matalasse, with serpentine |I>1 ,6O
stripe of mordore, mousse and ma-€J>l
rlne, 42 inches wide Yard
Fancy Checks, ln silk and wool,
new colorings in emerald and
black, heliotrope and black, marine «t |.35
and ulack, 42 Inches wide, extra <J>*
rich finish Yard
Fancy Mohair Plaids, swell de-
signs specially adapted for fancy
waists, ln olive, brown, navy, tur-
quoise grounds overshot with plaids CJ| 25
of a strangely contrasting nature, €J> 1
42 inches wide Yard
Fancy Vlvlenne Checks, very much
admired for full costumes for light fljf -00
figures, in blue, gr&en, heliotrope tj> •
and latest shadings, 3S inches wide.. Yard
Fancy Reps, that rich corded ef-
fect now so much worn, ln olives, C! | . OO
blues, greens and heliotropes, 38*JJ1
inches wide Yard
lining
department.
Now most complete; offering cambrics, slle-
slac, percallnes, taffetas, sateens, nearsilks,
ribbon cloths, drillings, grass cloths, moreena
and ether dress linings in great variety.
liberty
silk-pleated ruffling.
Much used for skirts, fancy, 2M>
inches wide, colors cardinal, pink, A f\r»
light blue, Nile, new blue, black *T\3\*
and white; latest ln Yard
ribbon
ruffling.
Narrow fancy, *4-in wide, colors
cardinal, gray, brown, mais, light |Cp
blue, pink, russe, black, white and lOv
others; new Yard
and the San Andreas on the other and
the Ford with a lead that so far is
over thirty feet wide, which prospects
well, there Is no reason to disbelieve that
the two, with the showing already made,
will prove to be equal. If not better, than
the. Ford.— Calaveras Citizen.
Some very rich ore, such as used to !
come out of the mine in former days, was I
struck In the Phoenix yesterday and I
Superintendent Shockley Is highly pleased !
with the bright prospects of the mine.— i
Grass Valley Telegraph.
Pat Maroney arrived yesterday after
noon from Los Angeles and will leave to
day for his old home at French Corral.
With Dr. Webb of Los Angeles he has
bonded the Slide quartz mine, owned by
A. R. Dahlberg, and operations will soon j
be commenced on the mine. — Grass Valley
Union.
Thomas Nolan of the N. C. N. G. R. R.
brought to town yesterday some magnifl- j
cent specimen ore from the Mountain I
Maid mine near You Bet station, which '
is owned by the Pierce estate. Pure leaf !
gold was liberally scattered throughout |
the specimen and Mr. Nolan states that
the ledge from which It came is a foot j
and a half In size.— Grass Valley Union.
The famous i.d New York ledge was j
struck yesterday in the south crosscut of
the Texas mine, 250 feet from the surface. '
The ledge was cut through to-day and is
seven and a half feet thick. The ore is i
of excellent quality. It ie the same ledge i
that the former company sank on about '
500 feet south of the present works, and |
was then driven out of the shaft by run- 1
ning ground at a depth of ninety feet. ;
An air compressor and drills will be put
In soon and a little later the company
will erect a twenty-stamp mill.— Moody !
City Transcript.
The famous Blue Jay mine on Morrison '
Gulch, a tributary of Coffee Creek, owned j
by the Graves brothers? and Henry Carter,
is sustaining its reputation as a* wonder- '
fill gold producer. The owners are now j
taking out from $50 to $500 per day In pure |
gold.— Redding Free Press.
Prospectors and miners are getting j
ready for work, and will take advantage ■
of the first rains. The enforced idleness
of the last six months has run the laraer
low in many cases.— Treka Journal.
The assessment, rolls of the various
counties of California, as returned by the
Assessors this year, show a general fall- 1
lng-off of values as compared with the
figures of last year, except In the moun- I
tain counties, where a slight Increase has
been made. This is accounted for by the !
fact that in the mountain counties there i
has been considerable development of
mines, while in the valley counties there
has been a shrinkage in values, due to the
protracted drought, which has caused a
Shortage of crops.— Redding Free Press.
A fine looking prospect was discovered
a short time since by a prospector named 1
John West at a point about 500 yards
distant from the Black Bear mine. The
find consisted of two ledges close to
gether, the first one of which has a width
of about a foot and was estimated as $40
rock. The second ledge also prospects ,
very good.— Siskiyou Reporter.
W. C. Reynolds, representing the
Illinois Steel Company, came down this .
week from China Flat en route to San
Francisco. It is learned that the gen- i
tleroan's mission to the city Is to confer j
with a member of his company regard- t
ing the deal of the rich and extensive
Moston mining property, situated be- ;
tween the Trinity River and the South
Fnrk of Trinity.— Blue Lake Advocate.
The Llghtner mine Is making ready to
put in electrical motors so as to run its
mining plant by electricity. The Call- !
fornla Exploration Company has begun
to set its poles, preparatory to running
its wires Into Angela. This project of j
HALES.
underwear
sale.
Boys' Natural Gray ■ Cotton | Q/>
Underwear, Jersey ribbed, heavy I*7V/
quality and fleeced, Bhjrts with
silk-bound neck and front, drawers to
match, sizes '. 24 to 34, l&e per j garment.
Children's White Cotton .Vests. OK™
high neck, long sleeves, Jersey aOv
ribbed, . heavy quality and
fleeced, silk crochet neck and front,
sizes 1 to C. ;. , sv.-.v* ■.-; r~' :.;<;, -. •:;:.
A Great Leader for as long as they
last. We offer Children's Ecru and Nat-
ural Gray- Cotton -Underwear, hcftivy
quality: and fleeced, .shirts silk-bound
neck and front, pants to mateh —
Sizes -16. 18 :20 - 22 24
Price 10c 130 16c l»e 22c
Sizes 26 ' 28 • 30 ' 32 34
Price 25c 2Sc 31c 34c 37c
Children's Natural Gray andQO.-»
White Cotton Merino Under- *Ov
wear, heavy quality, shirts silk ':
1 bound in neck and front, ribbed tails,
pearl buttons, pants an<3 drawers to
match, all sizes, 16 to 34.
ladies' ■•■
underwear sale.
• Ecru Cotton Underwear, Jersey f Qs>
ribbed. heavy quality and »€/ V
fleeced, shirts with either high
neck and long sleeves or high neck and
short sleeves, crochet neck and front,
drawers ■to match. Per garment.
Ladies' Ecru Cotton Vest only, OQ/>
high neck, long sleeves, heavy Ot/v
quality, fine fleeced, Jersey rib-
bed, silk crochet neck and front, in all
eizes.
See our advertisement in to-day's
Bulletin. , : v.-? v ; •/ l
wind-up
sale of
wrappers.
A big cut to clean out the bal- •T'P?/-»
. ance of cir $1 and $1 25 Wrap- C tJ%>
pers. ■ Good percale, choice de-
signs, small . pompadour yoke, two ruf-
fles over • shoulders, i neat collar, belt,
fancy braid trimmed, .in following de-
sirable colors: Navy and white, white
and black, Brazilian » red , and white,
" ; steel blue and white. in sizes from 32 to
44. (Come early.)
clean sweep
in shirt waists.
We have taken our entire sr|"k,-»
stock of 75c. $1 and $1 25 Waists, OvJC*
both in dimities, lawns and per-
cales, with full yokes, finished seams,
laundered collars and cuffs, sizes 34 to
40, and reduced them to cause a Mon-
day morning flutter for GOc. .
Again we say. Come early.
table
oil cloth.
5-4 width, best grade, light lQls-*
and dark l.£2w
"fruit of the loom"
muslin.
Full 36 inches wide, bleached.. Ct\r*
...Yard O4V*
furnishing electric power being the first
In this section of the country will be
watched with a great deal of interest, and
If it proves successful will practically
revolutlonize the mining industry of this
county, by decreasing the cost of mining
machinery to a minimum. What the
mines of Calaveras need is a cheap
power, as the cost of running a mine by
steam or water is enormous, as compared
to gasoline or electricity, and if one or tho
Other can be Introduced and satisfactory
results can be obtained, the cost 01 mir
ing will be wonderfully diminished.—Cala
veras Prospect.
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Mahogany finished Ro-
man chair, covered with
velours in genteel patterns.
For parlor, hall or recep-
tion room $2.25
Chiffonier, 40 inches wide, with
5 deep drawers 55.00
Economy of room by day, comfort
for two at night— TRIUMPH Folding
Bed „. $7.25
Saves steps, keeps your table ser-
vice, serves light refreshments— Solid
Oak Sideboard $9.00
CACPET DEPABTAIENT
Moquette Rugs, 27x60; soft delicate
colors; harmonize with any carpet.S/,50
Fall stock of carpets is complete —
Axministers, Velvets, Moquettes, etc.,
in the latest patterns.
Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M, FRIEDMAN & CO.
233'235<237 Post Street
Open evenings Near Stockton