VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 20.
CLAUS SPRECKELS ADVANCES
TWENTY=FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
TO RELIEVE STARVING FARMERS
Check for Fifty Thou
sand Proffered to
Governor Budd.
Committee of Leading
Citizens Appointed to
Distribute the Re
lief Fund.
PLAN'S were devised and put into
effect yesterday that will afford
ample and immediate relief for
the destitute farmers in Monte
rey and San Luis Obispo coun
ties. In The Call of last Sunday state
ments were published describing the
extent and nature of the destitution in
that region. The intelligence con
veyed to The Call was at tho same
time placed before Governor Budd. who
announced at onoe that prompt meas
ures would lie taken to provide tem
porary r.-lit I and bridge over the dis
tress until the Legislature convened.
Yesterday a representative of this
paper waited on Governor Budd and
referred to the fact that at one time
In the history <>f the State when no
public money was immediately avail
able for the support of one of the State
Institutions, Charles Crocker advanced
from his own means the sum of $50,000.
and was subsequently reimbursed by
the State through action <>f th.- Legis
lature. The Governor remarked that
th«re might be some difficulty at this
time in finding a man so generous and
public-spirited as to advance the money
needed to alleviate the distress in the
counties mentioned. The representa
tive of The Call suggested that the
Governor go with him and present the
case to Claus Spre< kf-ls. The sugges
tion was readily accepted, and they
called on Mr. Spreckels. who listened
with close attention to the Governor's
statement of the situation, and then,
without hesitation, Mr. Spreckels prof
fered his check for $50,000.
Oo\ernur Budd had no thought of
suggesting a greater sum than 525.000.
hence he was surprised and gratified
heyond measure at Mr. Spreckels'
prompt and generous response. The
Governor, upon reflection, decided that
one-half of the amount named by Mr.
Spreckels would be sufficient t<> meet
the urgent necessities of the situation.
"Very good," remarked Mr. Spreokels.
"we will make the chock for S.
with the assurance that if $25,000 more
Is required you can have it."
The Governor, desiring that Mr.
Spreckels should clearly comprehend
the case, explained that the question of
reimbursement would rest wholly with
the Legislature. The latter manifested
no uneasiness on that score. He said
he had given away larger sums than
that and if the amount should not be
repaid he could fret along very well
without it. He said he was taking care
of fifty familic-s in that region and had
already advanced $."0,000 to th>> farmers
of ; ri a t locality, which would be repaid,
hf> fancied, when they were favon !
with good crops. A large tract of land
which he purchased in that section of
the State had been cut up into small
holdings for the convenience of the
settlers. He had asked families to set
tle there and agreed to purchase the
products of the:" land, but owing to the
prolonged drought the land last season
did not produce a spear of press. There
fore he had advanced money and con
tributed supplies to those with whom
he was in that sense associated. Others
no doubt were equally deserving and
should receive assistance.
Governor Budd returned to the Pal
ace Hotel delighted with the happy re
sult of his expedition and immediately
adopted a plan for the prop?r disburse
ment of the relief fund. He decided to
appoint three well known men of high
character to supervise the distribution
of money and supplies to the end that
the relief should be at once afforded to
those in need of it. **« named as the
committee A. B. Spre.ckels, President of
the State Board of Agriculture; J; fries
D. Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco, Vid
F. W. Dohrmann, of the Merchants'
Association. The nature of the ser
vice which the Governor, requested was
explained to each of the three, and
they all agreed to serve as a sense of
public duty demanded the service
When merchants, bankers and others
of the community were informed of the
happy adjustment brought about by the
conference of the Governor and Claus
Ppreckels the utmost satisfaction was
expressed.
The whole question of affording relief
to those in need of assistance is now
disposed of until the Legislature sees
fit to make an appropriation of public
money. The relief can be quietly and
speedily afforded in a systematic and
methodical manner. There will be ncr
occasion for printing a picture of every
person obtaining help together with his
name and biography. A sack of flour
may be sent t<"> a family in need of it,
and illustratio |of the family tree will
not be required as a condition of relief.
Now that all the money needed has
been secured there will be no excuse
for importuning merchants of the city
every hour of the day to contribute
either cash or merchandise. Should
Governor Budd find the sum of $25,000
Inadequate he can go to Claus Spreck
els and get $25,000 more. There will be
nothing to justify any Individual or any
community in organizing a begging ex
pedition to visit the Eastern cities of
the country. The great and rich State
of California will amply provide cloth-
Ing, subsistence and seed for the dis
The San Francisco Call
THE BIG CHECK, ITS AUTHOR AND THOSE WHO WILL SEE THAT THE MONEY IS USED TO THE BEST ADVANTAGE
tressed farmers. The greatest danger
now confronting the State is that an
army of beggars will take the field and
in the name of starving humanity seek
to collect money for needy farmers.
Among the letters received .by The
Call yesterday was the following:
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 19, 189 S.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Referring to
your several articles calling for relief of
the poor at the settlement of Lockwood,
Monterey County, we desire lo say that
we have received to-day donations to the
amount of t?2<), and are willing to receive
furth>r Ki-t* in cash or orders for pro
visions, which latter we hope that the
railroad company will forward free of
freight charges.
"We propose to send you daily for pub
lication a list of any donations received
by us. We have written to the Relief
Committee at Lockwood to send us a
list of the families in distress and of the
quantity of provisions needed.
Would it not be best to name a com
mittee to take charge of this matter?
If such a committee be named or should
organize itself we desire tc turn over any
funds in our hands to the same.
Tours truly.
OERMANIA TRUST COMPANY,
H. Brunner, Cashier.
In reply to the foregoing communi
cation from the generous and public
spirited people of the Germanta Trust
Company The Call suggests that it will
„ 1
not be necessary for any one to receive
further sifts. A committee to take
charge of the matter has been appoint
ed by the Governor of California. This
committee will doubtless authorize \
responsible agents to obtain a list of j
the families in distress, but it does not j
follow that the information so obtained
will be imparted to the public. Since ;
! an adequate sum of money has been \
| raised and since a committee has been I
i named by the Governor to supervise
i the distribution of supplies, it can be
; said in a general way that persons
I other than members or agents of the
j committee, who represent themselves j
as collectors and distributors of relief
! funds, are rank impostors and should
be treated as such.
When the Legislature convenes there
will be in the State treasury the sum
of $4,000,000. At present the amount ex
ceeds $2,000,000, but it cannot be appro
priated for any use until an act of the
Legislature authorizes appropriation.
The Governor, observing that the State
has appropriated more than $1,000,000
for the support of agricultural fairs, in
which horseracing is the chief feature
of the rural display, contends that
there is ample authority to use the
public funds to relieve actual distress
among the farmers. He is confident j
that one of the first acts of the incom
ing Legislature will be the enactment |
of a measure to reimburse Claus '
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 20, 1898.
Spreckels for the money advanced on
the credit of the State to help the dis
tressed farmers of Monterey and San
Luis Obispo counties.
When Governor Budd went to Mr.
Dohrmanns place of business yester
day to ask Mr. Dohrmann to serve on
the committee, he found a solicitor
there importuning the merchant for a
relief contribution. The Governor put
an end to the soliciting negotiation by
the prompt remark: "There is no need.
Mr. r»ohrmann, of making any contrl
butions to this cause. I am the Gov
ernor of the State; I understand the
situation and am in position to take
care of the distressed farmers. The
great State of California is not asking
or authorizing any one to solicit relief.
All the money needed is raised and
what I desire now is a proper and time
DUNNING SWEARS MRS. BOTKIN ADDRESSED THE PACKAGE OF DEATH
The trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin developed a series ol sensations yesterday in Superior Judge Cook's
court. John P. Dunning swore that Mrs. Botkin wrote the anonymous letters which his wife received a year
before she was murdered. He declared that during his intimacy with Mrs. Botkin he told her that his wife was
passionately fond of candy. He then swore that Mrs. Botkin addressed the package of poisoned candy. Under
cross-examination he declined to give the names of certain women who were the companions of his revelries
in this city. For this refusal he was sent to the County Jail until he does answer.
ly distribution of the funds at my
command." $
The Governor's interruption upset the
solicitor but gratified Mr. Dohrmann.
Doubtless many other merchants were
interviewed yesterday and urged to get
in and give something to somebody.
The sentiment of the mercantile com
munity as expressed yesterday after
the fact was made known that Mr.
Spreckels had advanced money to af
ford ample relief was to the effect that
no further mention of the distress
should be publicly made. The point
was raised that the distress was con-
fined to a small section of the State
and was not in the nature of a calamity
which the whole world was invited to
contemplate, but on the other hand
was a little family affair which con
cerned Calif< >rnians only, and which
the State was able to take care of. It
was suggested that no further reference
should be made to the subject until
the committee was able to render a
report of the distribution of the relief
funds.
PEOPLE HIDE
THEIR DISTRESS
By C. E. Edwords.
KINOS CITY. Dec. 19.— 1 have just
returned from a sixty-mile drive
DUNNING SENT TO JAIL FOR
HIS REFUSAL TO EXPOSE THE
COMPANIONS OF HIS GROSS REVELRY
through the drought stricken district
of Monterey and San Luis Obispo coun
ties and for twelve hours have baen
an eye-witness of such destitution and
distress as seems almost impossible of
realization in this land of plenty. It is
not the poverty that is seen in the cities
among people who are improvident and
always poor. It is the blighting touch
of misfortune that has withered th«*
energies and is sapping the lives of a
large farming community which has
struggled against adverse circumstan
ces for four years without a murmur
of complaint until now it has reached a
point where it is either death by star
vation or immediate aid from the more
fortunate people of the State.
In the territory lying between Chua
lar and Paso Robles there are to-day
500 families that need assistance. One
half of these will probably deny that
they are in want, but the fact remains i
and is plain to even the most casual ob- j
server. The ground lies absolutely
bare of verdure of any kind. Even the
live oak trees are brown and sere and .
only the stubble of the scant crop i
which was raised two years ago re- j
mains to show that the white and i
parched earth ever yielded anything
that contained sustenance for man or
beast. I saw the members of the com- !
mittee appointed at the Locksvood
meeting and from their lips got stories
of destitution that are heart-rending,
and even as they spoke the distress 01 ;
their neighbors their own sorry plight
could be read in the drawn look and
quivering lips.
No man whom I have seen to-day
has admitted to me that he needed as- \
sistance, yet but one of all to whom I j
spoke is in a condition to carry his j
family through the season without aid. \
Of thep*- 500 families requiring aid none '
are of the improvident class that is al- j
ways a burden. All are farmers and the j
great majority are owners of farms
ranging from 160 to 500 acres. Most of '
these farms are unincumbered and with
the taxes fully paid up, and the ques- |
tion naturally arises why do they not
mortgage their property. Two illustra-
tions will answer this:
One man owning a fine place of 160
acres with good improvements tried
to borrow $100 on it and could not get
even $50. Another with almost similar
property and with secured notes
amounting to more than $1000 tried to
borrow $100 and failed. Yet these men
have nothing upon which to feed their
stock or upon which to support their
families until such time as their farms
will again be productive, and it is these
men who are now in need of assistance.
There are but few families who are
now facing actual hunger, but the
Continued on Second Face.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Swears Mrs, Botkin
Addressed the
Package.
Terrible Story of Vice
Unadorned Told
in the Court
Room.
John P. Dunning is a prisoner in tha
County Jail by the order of Superior
Judge Carroll Cook. Dunning will re
main there until he tells the names of
women of this city with whom he
claims, with shameless unconcern, to
have been intimate. The trial of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin reached yesterday a
dramatic climax. The scene in the
courtroom during the afternoon has
had few parallels in San Francisco.
There were only two witnesses on the
stand and both narrated a story of
shocking immorality and unbridled
I lust. One of these witnesses, Miss Liz
| zie A. Livernash. related what she
! claimed had been told to her by Mrs.
\ Botkin. The other, John P. Dunning,
| pictured disgusting scenes and inci
dents in which he had been one of the
i leading actors. His testimony was a
I confession of his own degradation in
i which, if his manner of speech and at
[titude indicated anything, he took con
siderable pride. In a courtroom crowd
! Ed to the very doors he confessed a
moral obliquity that stamps him aa
despicable.
Dunning's material evidence for the
prosecution may be briefly summarized,
i This man, who admitted yesterday that
he deliberately deceived his wife and
dishonored his home, could do little more
than declare that the anonymous letters
in the case and the address on the
package of poisoned candy were writ
i ten by Mrs. Cordelia .Botkin. Beyond
j this Dunning knew nothing except that
| he had supep«ted during his intimacy
i with Mrs. Botkin that his wife was
| passionately fond of candy. The rest
' was an unvarnished, revolting story of
j unadorned vice. It was a story that
j told of unbridled, vulgar passion in a
! man and woman without refinement,
education or the common restraints
of decency.
This story was told plainly, without
an effort to disguise or soften a mean
ing. It was vice in rags, the whisky
soaked passion of the Barbary Coast.
And the man who confessed it, whose
presence on the witness stand was
moral pollution, had the indecent ef
frontery to characterize San Francisco
as a city involved in an immoral at
mosphere. There was something of
horror in the calmness with which this
man admitted his own viciousness and
when he was released from the witness
stand to be taken to jail there was a
murmur of relief and satisfaction in
the crowded courtroom.
Hundreds of fashionably dressed
women, and girls who were hardly
more than children, listened to this dis
gusting recital. They were at a tension
jto hear every word spoken. Their eyes
I shifted from the speaking figure on the
witness stand to the woman before the
bar. There was in the manner of the
man an utter absence of shame and
across the woman's face now and
again would flit the shadow of a smile
at the narration of some escapade with
her former paramour.
There was no session of court in the
morning as a sister of one of the
jurors was dead. At the opening of
the afternoon session Miss Lizzie A.
Livernash, an occasional reporter for
'the Examiner, took the stand. Miss
Livernash had much to tell. Quick and
sharp of speech, nervous and positive
of manner, she related for an hour a
new edition of La Terre. As a reporter
Miss Livernash gained the confidence
of Mrs. Botkin after the Dover mur
ders had been committed and Mrs. Bot
kin was suspected of the crime. As
a witness Miss Livernash told what
she had learned as a confidant and as
an eavesdropper.
She related what Mrs. Botkin had
detailed to her of the liaison with Dun
ning. Miss Livernash tc-ld more than
that, and described what she heard
while listening at the transom of a
door. The witness covered ground that
has been tracked more than once in this
case. The progress of the illicit love of
Dunning and Mrs. Botkin was traced
from its inception to its culmination.
Scenes on the race course, at road
houses, in the park, in cafes, saloons
and low resorts were pictured. Orgies
at 927 Geary street were described in
merciless detail.
Dunning was represented in physical
and financial distress, whisky-laden,
poverty-stricken and mentally despond
ent. Now he was at the race track
squandering his money and that of
others. Again he was the recipient of
money from his jealous mistress. Now
the picture was that of a drunken
mother and her drunken son, one with
her paramour, the other with his mis
tress. The story from the witness stand
shocked even those who fed their
morbid curiosity with it.
Miss Livernash spared no detail in
passing. If one escaped her she In
■ terrupted the progress of her story to
i recall it. Tho great audience listened
i in absolute silence to the end to learn
; that more than once Dunning would
I have taken his own life had it not been
j for the restraining hand of his mistress.
j She fed him, housed him clothed him
[ and tear-stained, bade him good-by as2
he went to the Cuban war. Th>?n the j
motive Changed.
Miss Livernash devoted her second |
charter to Mrs. Botkin, whose confl- j
dence had been won. the witness ad- j
iXiitted, under the mask of friendshio j
and through the very hospitality of the j
accused wonian herself. Mrs. Botkin i
confessed time and ajraln, the witness i
said, her paast< n for Dunning. She |
had lived a pay f[te with no thought
bat pleasure. What others conceived
to be wrong was no sin for her. For
pleasure's sak£ bI ■ would stop at noth- !
ing, not < ■ the divorce court, but \
Bhe would not stoop to murder.
Then in the same breath she would
Lim thai it would have been far!
:■ to have let the man die and !
spare the mothei for her child. Mrs.
Botkin, the witness declared, was Beri
rfusly disturbed over the shadow of sus
picion that had fallen upon her. She
argued whether or not the death of
Mrs. Dunning woutfl keep the husband
from her. She suggested the possibil
ity of marriage with her paramour, and
then dismissed it us dangerous. She
vais racked by fears and fa&cii b: she
Saw ;in her flreahls visions of dread.
The spalls of he- room were closing in j
upon^h'er ami relief came only with
wakefulm-ss.
She Bought her husband and thought ;
she was in privacy with him. but Miss
Liwrnaah was listening at the door and
heard Uv unfaithful wife demand of
her husband, under pain of exr
his amours, to Bave her life. She sought
her son and then feared him. ae he had
the power to condemn her. This in
outline was the story lUsb Ltvernash
told on the witness ntand. Under
-examination Bhe was m^rcilesslyj
attacked. Hi ■ character was impugned.
her family was bitterly scrutinized and'
her moti\*i s doul ted.
She was released to give place to
John P. Dunning, the miserable crea
ture who had been the theme of her
discourse. There was a hum of ex- I
pectation in the courtroom when the
name "of Dunning was announced.
There was the rustle of dresses, the :
shifting of chairs, the murmur of voices '
as the aud ttled themselves for)
the salacious sensation of the case.
There was something: pathetically im
pressive In the question: "Did you
know Mary Elizabeth Dunning, a j
human being:?"
"I did," was the answer. "She was
nay wife."
With that preliminary Dunning re
lated the history ot his intercourse with !
Mrs. i ']• told where and how
he met her and how their acquaintance
grew to friendship and then to Inti
macy. He to k < are that no one he!
knew knew her. With tier he avoided!
public places. Bought the back rooms of j
ns, "cafes," road houses, the race!
-•■. He knew her first as Mrs.
Curtis, then as Mrs Ad laide Botkin,
finally by her true name. :fe followed
where Bh< went, seeking her Bociety,
ompany, neglecting his I
duties that be might be with her.
Calmly and shamelessly Dunning;
confessed the facts of that intimacy j
even to the smallest detail. H e told
h.»w he deceived his wife, even show- ;
ing her letters to his mistress. At last I
t]ie time came for him to sever the re-!
latiohship. His dissipation had robbed j
him of the possibility of employment in ;
thi« city and he received a position as j
Cuban correspondent for the Associated j
Press. He was without money or
friends here and he decided to accept
the proffered place.
Mrs. -Hotkin bflgrged him not to go.
It would be unkind and cruel,' she said. •
to leave her after their long intimacy.' ,
He should stay with her even in pov- i
• rty rather than leave her. He was j '
determined, however, and tearfully : '
Mrs. B_otkin accompanied him across | !
the ferry on his way. That ended for !
him the intimacy which the prosecution ! i
claims resulted so tragically to Dun- I
ning's wife.
Dunning was then shown the an.
mous letter... He declared that they'
were in the handwriting of Mrs Bot- i
kin. He said that during his intimacy ! I
with Mrs. i; >tkin he had told her that I I
his wife was passionately fond of can- j •
dy. He then identified the handwrit- '
ing on the wrapper that inclosed the «
box of poisoned candy as the hand
writing of Mrs. Botkin. With that as- «
in he was turned over to the :
mercies of the cross-examiner. '
With the same calm unconcern that j
had characterized his direct evidence
he answered the questions of Attorney!'
Knight. He declared that he had 1 n
intimate with many women other than ;
Mrs. Botkin in this .city. He knew the ]
names of some and of others he did
not. He was commanded to tell the ''■
names of those he knew. He declined i
to do so. It was the first indication '
of decency that he had given. He de- i
stroyeci its effect by asking time in
which to refresh his memory.
He was given a few minutes for this! 1
purpose, and then again declined to I '
answer. Knight pressed his question,
and Judge Cook commanded Dunninjr
to answer. Again he refused, and Judee
Cook ordered him sent to the County
Jail until he does answer. Assistant
District Attorney Hosmer made a plea
that Dunning asked for time. "Let
him pass the night in the County Jail,"
replied Judge Cook; "it may do him
some good."
The case was then continued, until
this morning. George Knight declares
that he will not continue the cross ex
amination of Dunning until his ques
tion is answered. This means that
Dunning will pass more than one day
in Jail unless he completes the despi- j
cable character he has chosen for him- i '
pelf and becomes worse than a moral i
Ornaments \
lii Royal Hanover, Royal Tep* \
J. litz'and j Fancy Bohemian ;
Qlassu-are.
\ Gi/ven away free with ; ; .
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Great American Irnport'gTea Co.
eOlMarkot. oi. P»#«ll 705 Larkin St. •
140 Sixth St.' 1419 Polk St.
218 Third -t. • 1819 Devisadero St
600 .corny St. '". 2008 Flllmore Sr. .
148 Ninth St.. . 521 Montgomery Ay.
2Mt> Missl(;n St. 1 190 Kentucky St
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission' St.
aS&Uayes, St. ,„ 32 Market St. _ .
■.;.;■.:■:-• . OAKLAND STORES: ,
l a§hiaßtouSt. 131 San Pablo Avo
Broadway. 016 E Twelfth St. ■
~ > - \s\o Seventh St. •,-
'&£* ALAMEDA— Park St. •
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fonrth;
( . We also sell- ,
C, niN A. Crockery, Glassware
K Cheap f;' Price* in America, ..
J*.;\ ",•.■•■.;.' Wittier Okt»ii«w«.-.,;..' ; - :,
idiot. After the audience had left the
courtroom only the officers and Dun
i ning and Mrs. Botkin remained. Both
j were going to the County Jail. Dunning
I stood within the area reserved for wit
i nesses. He looked down upon his
I former mistress with hatred marked in
i every line of his face. The woman's
i answering glance was one of Insolent
unconcern.
Owing to the death of a relative of
one of the jurors the court was ad
journed from 10 o'clock in the morn
! ing until 2 in the afternoon, when Mist
Lizzie Livernash took the stand for the
J prosecution. Miss Livernash's story as
she detailed it in answer to questions
by Mr. Hosmer, is substantially as fol
lows:
"1 live in Healdsburg and know Mrs
Botkin. I saw her at the home of he
Bister, Mrs. McClure, at Healdsburg, o
the mornirig of August 15. At that tim
1 was detailed by the Examiner to visi
her and ask if she had any idea as t
the persons who poisoned Mrs. Dun
ning. She said she had not and spok
of Mrs. Dunning as being a woma
with many friends and no enemies
She thought the poison had been sen
by some friend who did not know i
was in the candies. I saw her again
the next d: y. being sent this time t
interview her ■■•; to the alleged inti
tnacy existing between nerself and
Dunning.
At ftrst she did not want to speak fo
publication, as she wanted to consul
a lawyer. 1 told her to consult a law
yer if she had anything to do with
the tragedy. She said she had nothin
to conceal, and then w nt on to tell m
of her acquaintance with him. Sh
first met him in Golden Gate Park
where she was with a friend. He passed
tm a bicycle, rind something goint,
v, rorig with it he stopped near them
He Introduced himself and she wa
favorably Impressed with him. Th
next time she met him was at the race
course, when she lnvlteC him to call on
her ;it 827 Geary street, where she wa
living with her stepson, Beverly.
"He lived on Post street three llight
up, and she persuaded him to take the
small hall bedrooni in the Geary-street
house. This he did, anil they always
spent their evenings together while
there. Mrs. Botkin said he was ex
travagant at the races and was of dis
sipated habits. Had it not been for
her she said he would have committed
suicide. He was financially embar
rassed and she went to his aid with
money. She prepared .his meals and
endeavored to reclaim him from his
dissipated habits. He was In rags and
in abject poverty and his misfortunes
proved a tax on her resources.
"This conversation," continued Miss
Livernash, "took place in the morning.
On the afternoon of the same day I was
sent to her to tell her that she was un
der suspicion of having committed the
crime. Mrs. Botkin was shocked, hor
rified and became hysterical. She criec
out in her distress: "Oh, why didn't I
leave the man to die; I should have
! the wife and child.' Mrs. Botkin
decided to go to her husband at Stock
ton and prepared to leave the next
morning. I told her I would travel with
her and the next morning we starteu
for San Francisco en route for Stockton
Mrs. Botkin was heavily veiled. She
discussed a telegram printed in the
papers in which Mr. Pennington point
ed the finger of suspicion at her. She
said that if Dunning heard of her be
ing suspected of the crime he would
blow out his brains. She also suggested
that her enemies might have forged her
writing in the note that accompanied
the candies. She talked a great deal
about poisons and gave it as her theory
that the killing of the women was ac
cidental. She mentioned Mrs. Corbalay
a> one who might have done it. Mrs
Botkin said she knew she would be
suspected. She also said that if the>
can c together and married Ul9 strong
hand 0/ the law might be laid on her.
"Mrs. Botkin was anxious to go to
her husband, who, she said, would tako
all the blame for their living apart on
his shoulders. While in San Francisco
we stayed at the Russ House. I regis
tered, but Mrs. Botkin did not. She
kept closely to her room as she said she
did not want to be apprehended until
she had reached her husband's side.
She explained that Mr. Pennington's
suspicions were aroused by three an
onymous letters sent Mrs. Dunning in
five months. Mrs. Dunning sent them
to her husband and he sent them on to
Mrs. Botkin. She told of the dissipa
tions in which she had indulged and
a. knowledged having led a gay life.
She loved the pleasures of the world
and would let nothing stand in her way
to gratify her desires, not even the di
vorce court, but she would not stoop
to murder.
"During the trip to Stockton she told
of the life at 927 Geary street; of Dun
ning coming home drunk and of her
efforts to sober him up. She said Mrs.
Seeiey, Beverly Botkin, Dunning and
herself would come home from the races
and after getting on the outside of
Beveral bracers they would all lie on
the bed together and tell racy stories.
Sometimes Mrs. Botkin would get on
top of a chiffonier in the room and en
tertain the others with dances. She
acknowledged her intimacy with Dun
ning and said the world may see sin
in those things but she did not. Her
thoughts reverted to the murder and
she said that intimacy does not show
murder. She' also said Dunning was
her affinity and to live with one's af
finity was only to be compared with life
on another planet.
"In turn she charged Mrs. Beole!
Mrs. Arbogast and Mrs. Forcade with
the authorship of the anonymous let
ters.
"We left on the afternoon of August
17 for Stockton. I was to interview
her husband and was to do all In my
power to have him say the blame for
their seDaration was all his. We went
to the. Imperial Hotel, where we met
Mr. Botkin. They asked to be left alone
for a few moments. I went outside,
and the transom being open, heard all
the conversation that passed. Mrs.
Botkin was excited and pleaded with
her husband. She said. 'You must say
the fault is yours; you must say this
to save my life. If you don't I will
hound you and that woman into the
very gates of hell.' The husband re
plied: 'That will do; I don't want
her brought into this case.' In the in
terview which I finally secured Mrs.
Botkin supplied most of the material,
her husband merely answering in the
affirmative when I asked him if he
agreed to the statement his wife was
making for him.
"In the meantime Beverly Botkin, the
son, came in. He was in a beastly state
of intoxication, and was cursing report
ers and sending them to the warm re
gions. I tried to pacify Mrs. Botkin.
and asked the son not to create a
scene. I asked him if he knew Dun
ning, and he said: "Yes, Jack Dun
ning loves my mother and my mother
loves him.' The mother cried out:
'Oh! Beverly, Beverly, you will ruin
mo: 1 When Beverly left the room she
said tnr me: 'Oh! Miss Livernash, my
son has the power to damn me!'
"She. told me of her correspondence
with Dunning and gave me some of his
letters, but said she had taken care
not to give the most compromising ones
for publication. She also expressed the
hope that Dunning was smart enoueh
to destroy the ones she wrote him. She
said they were twenty-page affairs, and
couched in such affectionate laneuaev
that she did not want the authorities
to get them. She said she was an Eng
lish woman and believed in living as
they did. She explained that the women
have husbands who provide them with
all comforts, and that they also have
lovers with whom they livpd in inti
macy, and that was her ideal as to
the way to live."
At this point Attorney Knight of Th
defense took Miss Livprnash for cross
examination. His first question was:
"You were detailed to interview Mrs
Botkin. Did you tell her you were an
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
abandoned woman and living with a
man in San Francisco?" The witness
replied with decision: "I did not."
Knight— Did you tell Mrs. Grant? Wit
ness—Most assuredly I did not.
Knight— ln talking with Mrs. Botkin
first didn't you idenufy yourself to her
by saying you had a brother who was an
attorney? Witness— Yes.
Knight— Didn't you tell her about your
brother dressing in woman's clothes and
masquerading on Market street? Wit
ness—l did not, ra,ost assuredly.
Knight— Didn't your brother shoot a
man and wasn't he acquitted on the plea
of insanity?
The witness' answer was hardly
audible and was to the effect that
she had told nothing about her fam
ily. She was also asked if she did not tell
JVjTS. Botkin that one brother was trou
bled in his mind and that another com
mitted suicide after selling the story of
his death to a newspaper. Tnis was all
intended to break the force of the wo
man s testimony before the iury.
Knight drew from the witness that all
her traveling and hotel expenses were
paid by Mrs. Botkin. the consideration
being that she would prove Mrs. Botkin's
friend.
"You are her friend." was Knight's sar
castic rejoinder to this. Miss Livernash
said that she secured all this information
bit by bit, It being admitted grudgingly
by Mrs. Bntkin. The latter said that Mrs.
Seeley was the mistress of her son., and
that Mrs. Arbo,~ast had the same relation
with her husband. Mrs. Arbogast was
anxious for Mr. Botkin to secure a divorce
and marry her. but Mrs. iiotkin would
never agree to this.
The witness was asked if she had ever
told Mrs. A. F. Grant that she had gained
Mrs. Botkin's confidence by telling her
she was in love with a married man In
Healdsburg whose wife was a drunkard,
fehe replied thai she had not condemned
Mrs. Botkin —- 1 was not w.ih her to ex
change confidences. Mr. Knight asked
how she secured all this material against
Mrs. Botkin. She said Mrs. Botkin was
hysterical sometimes and talked without
reserve. Mrs. Botkfn had told the wit-iess
about the financial difficulties of Dunning
with the Associated" Press and of his
- at the races, but never men',
any amounts. To a juror she said that
Mrs. Botkin did not use whisky, morphine
or any other stimulant during 'the journey
from Healdsburg to this city and thence
to Stockr "i;.
John P. Dunning was the next and last
MISS LIZZIE A, LIVERNASH, REPORTER and EAVESDROPPER
Dunning's companion witness at the Botkin. trial yesterday was
Miss Lizzie Livernash, who swore that as a friend she gained the con
fidence of Mrs. Botkin, and then divulged what she had gained in confi
dence. When this failed, Miss Livernash testified that she listened at a
door to learn the secrets of the accused woman. While engaged in this
duty she was employed as a reporter on the Examiner. She told on the
witness stand a revolting story of the relations that existed between
Mrs. Botkin and John P. Dunning.
witness for the day. He told of his mar
riage with the daughter of Mr. Penning
ton in Dover, February 12, IS9I, and of the
birth of a daughter in December of the
same year. The couple came to this State j
at once. He first met Mrs. Botkin while
he was living at 2529 California street.
Although his wife was here, he met Mrs.
Botkin frequently at Golden Gate Park
and in numerous cafes in thp city. At
first she gave the name of Mrs. Curtiß,
and was living at 2217 California street,
three blocks from where he lived. While
his wife was here his acquaintance with
the woman was not an open one. He
avoided being Been with her in public
pluces. About this time his wife went to j
her father's home in Delaware, inking j
their daughter with them. After thin the
relations of the man and woman became i
more open and they were together every
day. At the time she lived at TIT Post
street, and he had a room at 612 Post.
He said he was not sailing under false j
colors with Mrs. Botkin, as she knew he i
was a married man from the first day of
their acquaintance. One of her first quea- |
tions to him was, "Is there not some one I
in this world who is very, very fond of
you?" and he replied, "Yes, my wife."
She told him she was married and that her
husband was in England. 'She was living
here to establish a residence in order that
she might secure a divorce. Later on sh^
told him that her right name was Ade
laide Botkin. She said she was born in
Kent, England, and that her mother died
when she was a child. Her father fol
lowed her mother "to the grave, and she
then was sent to a convent. While yet
young she married one Curtis, who was
much older than herself. She. then moved
to Boston, where she married Botkin, a
widower, with a boy then some 13 years
of age. She took him into her especial j
charge and brought him up.
The witness moved finally to !i2T Geary
street. Mrs. Botkin was living there, and
he had gone frequently to see her.
"Finally there was a room vacant in the
house," said the witness, "and I took it
for the benefit of Mrs. Botkin's society
more than for any other reason. It was a
small hall bedroom. Her room was on the
same floor, but in the back portion of thu
house.
"At whose request did I go there?
There was no request about it.
"I was frequently in the company of
Mrs. Botkin at that time at the race
track, in cafes, restaurants and hotels.
We took most of our meals at restau
rants together. 1 was in her company a
great deal, except in the morning, when
I was at my office. The intimacy be
tween Mrs. Botkin and myself was a '
closd one. She treated mo with a mark- |
ed degTee of affection. 1 went to Salt I
Bake in August and we corresponded all
the time during my absence. Frequently
her letters averaged one a week or ten
days. My answers were not quite as reg
ular. I destroyed her letters &% soon as '
1 was through reading them.
"While there I received a copy of an I
anonymous letter which my wife had for- I
warded to me. It was In my wife's hand- i
writing. It told of my life in San Fran-
Cisco at 027 Geary street and of many j
things objectionable' to my wife. I sent
it to Mrs. Botkin, accompanied by the i
answer I sent my wife. I had my sus
picion as to the author and wanted her j
Ideas on the matter. She thought Airs.
Louise Seeley had written it. We fre- J
quently tulked over it afterward when we j
met. Sometimes one and sometimes an
other of us would start the conversa
tion.
"About this time she told me that dur- j
ing my absence she had been divorced,
and that I had been named as the co
respondent. The proceedings were lnstl
tuted by her husband at Stockton, I did
not know until I reached Dover this sum
mer to the contrary.
"When I came back from Salt Lake in
August, ISD7, I went first to 227 Geary
street. I remained in this city then un
til March of this year. I saw Mrs. Bot
kin every day. and spent a great deal of
my time in her company. When not at
the office I was usually with her. We
spent our time in her room, at the race
track and in saloons and cafes. At whose
solicitation? I don't think there was any
solicitation.
"1 left San Francisco to go to Havana
as a newspaper correspondent on March
8. I left hurriedly at the time, as the
position depended on my reaching New
York on a certain day. I was living at
the Victoria at the time and Mrs. Botkin
was there also. I told her of the re
ceipt of the telegram and she urged me
not to go. She said that she thought it
unkind and cruel after our intimacy to
leave her at that timo. I told her I had
to go. I was in sore financial straits
and I proposed to take advantage of the
opportunity to better my condition. To
this she said it was better to remain in
poverty and all that went with it, rather
than to break the relationship— she might
never see me again. I don't know what
I told her, except that I would never
come back to San Francisco again.
"I received the telegram on Monday
and left on Tuesday evening. I did not
see much of Mrs. Botkin all day Tues
day, as I was kept downtown making ar
rangements for my departure. When T
left she went to the ferry with me and
accompanied me to Sixteenth street sta
tion, Oakland. She was much depressed
in spirit and had very little to say. She
cried on the -train and at the station
her manner was particularly affec
tionate.
"On a number of occasions I talked
with her about my wife, her likes and
dislikes. I told of her peculiar character
istics. I s;Ud she was extremely religious.
She was born in an entirely different at
mosphere from that of San Francisco and
she could not get accustomed to condi
tions here. She had a particularly high
kl#a of morality. In addition to this, I
told her that she was passionately fond
of candy.
"When I went away I told her that I
would not return to San Francisco, as I
had reasons to expect a permanent po
sition in New York after the war. I also
conveyed this information to her in let
ters from Key West, Havana, Jamaica
and Porto Rico. During this time she
ilia not express any desire to join me.
After the surrender of Santiago I went
to Porto Rico to fit out an expedition. At
j 1 once I received a cablegram notifying
,me i if my wife's death. Five days later
In Netv York I learned how it happened."
The witness was then shown the vari
ous exhibits of handwriting, the wrapper,
the note and the anonymous letters. He
gas asked, if from his knowledge of Mrs.
Botkin a handwriting he could state in
Whose handwriting they were. "I believe
them to be in the handwriting of Mrs
Botkin." said the witness slowly.
Mr. Hosmer tried to bring out the fact
that in one of the letters was a state
ment peculiarly within the knowledge of
I Mrs. Botkin. The- court would not permit
| tins unless the witness would state that
it was exclusively within the knowledge
of Mrs. Botkin and himself.
Mr. Knight then commenced the cross
examination that ended bo abruptly when
the prisoner declined to answer a ques
i« on- He . lirst asked him as to his ident
ification of the anonymous letters writ
ten in ink and pencil. The witness said
he believed that Mrs. BotTtln wrote them,
but acknowledged that when his wife sent
them to him he cast suspicion on an
other preson, Mrs. Kellenberger. He knew
at the time she did not write them.
TJie witness had heard of a remark this
woman is alleged to have made to th«
efect that it was a shame that after Mrs
Dunning left San Francisco her husband
tried to drink himself to death. He ac
knowledged that he knew no good will ex
isted between Mrs. Botkin and Mrs
Seeley, and that Mrs. Botkin tried to
brj ak the intimacy existing between Bev
erly and the woman. He also said he
knew Mr. Botkin lived with Mrs. Arbo
cast, as Mrs. Botkin hnd discussed it with
him. She also discussed fhe matter of a
dlvbrce, which She said Mr. Botkin desired
and which she did not propose to permit
As a reason she said she did not intend
to be left without support. The witness
said he did not encourage her either to
gel a divorce or to fight her husband in
the matter.
Asked as to why he associated with Mrs.
Botkin he said he enjoyed" her society—
enjoyed it more than that of any other
woman in San Francisco at that time.
The witness was asked what women he
associated with before Mrs. Botkin came
on the scene, and he said some he oid
not know. Roughly speaking there might
be half a dozen of them.
"Were you affectionate with them?"
asked Knight.
"Not particularly."
He met. them in the park, at the Cliff
ar.d at cafes. He wrote no notes to them
j and had no difficulty in breaking off with
I them.
"Give their names," said Knight.
I decline to answer," said the witness.
Judge Cook— Answer the question
"1 will answer it when I have time to
figure it up. It is now nearly half-past
4 and the court will soon adjourn. I want
to think it over until morning."
Knight— l insist upon an answer to my
Dunning— l decline to answer.
Knight— l insist. I submit to your Hon
or that the witness is in contempt of
court and that he must be confined in
the County Jail until he answers the
question.
Judge Cook then remanded the witness
to t^he custody of the Sheriff, saving-
You can have the night to think the
mfittrr over.
To Mr. Hosmer the witness said he did
not claim he did not remember, but want
ed time to think the matter over.
The trial will go on this morning. Dun
ning will be asked the question at which
he shied yesterday and if he does not
answer will probably be taken back to
jail and the examination of other wit
nesses will proceed.
JOSSELYN WAS NOT
AN ASSASSIN'S VICTIM
A PROBABILITY THAT HE COM
MITTED SUICIDE.
Peculiar Action of His Relatives,
Who Seek to Make It Appear
That Me Was Murdered.
Lockwood H. Josselyn, the young sol
dier who was found dead in the bathtub
at the home of his parents, 441 Geary
street, Sunday morning, was not the vic
tim of foul play, despite the intimation
of his relatives that he met death at the
hands of some assassin.
For some inexplicable reason they have
sought to uphold the theory that the
young man was murdered, but a careful
investigation by Detective Tom Gibson,
substantiated by the autopsy, disproves
this.
In the opinion of Gibson, Josselyn either
committed suicide or died from the ef
fect of alcohol, for, although the young
man's parents maintain that he never
touched liquor, it is known positively that
he was drinking heavily last Saturday
night. If Josselyn ended his life by
means of poison, an analysis of the sto
mach, which will be made to-day, will
undoubtedly disclose that fact, unless he
took some poison which leaves no trace
behind, for Josselyn was an expert In
poisons and would have had no difficulty
in choosing some means of death that
would not be disclosed by chemicals.
Josselyn, in company with L. M. Oak
ley, left the cineograph parlor on Mar
ket street, where both were employed, at
12:10 Sunday night. They went to the
Metropole saloon, a few doors from their
place of business, where they had two
drinks. From there they went to the
Olympic and had two drinks more. At 1
oelock they went to a restaurant on
Taylor street, where they had supper.
From there the couple proceeded to 2
Mason street and sat down to a game of
poker. During the game Josselyn had
three drinks of whisky and three drinks
of gin. He lost about $o, all that re
mained of $S 50 when he left the cine
ograph establishment. He was some
what under the influence of liquor, and
Oakley accompanied him to his home, 441
Geary street, leaving him at the door.
They arrived there at 4:15 a. m. On the
way home Josselyn remarked that he had
promised .to give his mother $ti 50, but
he didn't know where the money was
coming from.
It would have been utterly impossible
for anybody to have attacked Josselyn
and carried the body up the two flights
of stairs, or even to make his way up in
the dark unhampered by any "burden
whatever without arousing the entire
household unless he was thoroughly fa
miliar with the place.
Josselyn has been quite despondent of
late, and it is said that the sole object
of his visit here was to seek a reconcilia
tion with his divorced wife, but she re
fused to have anythng more to do with
him. A few years ago he was found by
his father In an unconscious condition in
a room at 520 Eddy street, where the
family then lived, from the effects of gas
which he had evidently turned on with
suicidal intent.
Sunday morning, soon after the body
was found, Mrs. Josselyn stated that
Lockwood had told her that some time
he would be found dead in the bathtub.
The family asserted that when they re
moved the body to his room and took his
clothing off they saw several suspicious
marks on his throat and a bruise on the
head as though he had received a violent
blow, but yesterday when Dr. Gallagher
held the autopsy he was unable to find
any of the marks described, and all the
organs were in a healthy condition, with
the possible exception of the stomach,
which will be tested to-day.
The youngest sister of the deceased. who
discovered the body, told the detective
yesterday that when she entered the
bathroom she noticed a peculiar smell.
Her stepmother sharply told her not to
say anything. From this and other cir
cumstances the officer thinks the family
are satisfied that the young man commit
ted suicide, but in order to escape the
odium are trying to make it appear that
he was murdered.
While in camp at Chickamaupa last
summer Josselyn had an attack of ty
phoid fever, and it is possible that in his
weakened condition the liquor he drank
Saturday night caused his death :<^ he
entered the bathroom, his body falling
into the tub.
SUPERVISORS TURNED
THE MAYOR DOWN
THEY REFUSED TO INDORSE
HIS SELECTION.
Another Extension of Time Granted
to the Hall of Justice Con
tractors.
The chief feature of the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday afternoon
was a knock-out blow straight from the
6houlder to Mayor Phelan from the en
tire body— the solid contingent and the
minority joining hands to show him that
the old committee of one hundred's deeds
live after it.
The retiring Mayor always places in
nomination a gas inspector for the ensu
ing two years. Yesterday afternoon,
shortly after calling the meeting to or
der, Mayor Phelan named John P. Dunn
as the man he would prefer to see en
joying this soft snap. There was a brief
pause. The members oi the board leaned
back in their chairs in a reflective mood
and memory carried them back to the
days when John P. Dunn presided over
what has frequently Deen termed "the
one hundred job chasers." Supervisor
Smith broke the silence. "I move that
the matter be laid over for one week "
he said. "Why do you want it laid over?"
asked Clinton. "To beat John P. Dunn
if possible," was the retort. When the
roll was called it showed that the ma
jority of the board was in favor of -lav
ing over to beat John P. Dunn." And the
Mayor sighed deeply.
The next pretty little thing that popped
its head into the nest of jobbery was a
communication from iiateman Brothers
requesting a further extension of time
on the Hall of Justice. The last time
such a request was made they were given
untitl January 1, 1899, to finish the build
ing, although every one was confident
that it could not possibly be made ready
for occupancy by that time. There was
the. usual talk, the usual cry of "altera
tions in the plans," and the lucky con
tractors were given until July 19. This
is good news for the spiders that have
made their nests undisturbed in the cor
ridors of the building, but the property
owners may look at it in another light
Another problem came up among a
batch of bills. It consisted of bills from
Henley & Costello and McGowan &
Squires for $475 each for legal services
Inquiry elicited the information that these
services consisted of defending Supervis
ors Lackmann and Rottanzi in the suit
which followed ousting the board from
office about a year ago. Some of the
members of the board objected to the
payment of these bins on tho ground that
they were personal bills, but they will
be paid just the same.
Supervisor Clinton sprung a ne\» scheme
the object of Which is to provide for a
Mission zoo at a. very small cost to the
ci.ty. He stated that the Branch county
Jail is nothing more or less than a com
fortable summer resort for a horde of
criminals; that, when the Hall of Jus
tice is completed, the portion of ie City
Hall now used for police headquarters
and the City Prison will be vacated. His
plan Is to move the inmates of the branch
jail into the City Hall and use the House
of Refuge property as a Mission zoo. The
resolution was passed to print and wnl
be taken up next week.
Children's Lyceum.
The Children's Progressive Lyceum will
hold its twenty-seventh annual Christmas
festival on Monday evening, December
2fi. at Pythian Castle, 909 Market street.
The programme will consist of the oper
etta in one act entitled "Under the Green
wood Tree." and a piece "The Christmas
Ship," in which seven persons, including
Santa Claus, will take part. There will
also be recitations, vocal and instru
mental music and a distribution of gifts,
the whole to conclude with dancing.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Hromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
26c Tbe genuine baa I*. B. Q. on each tablet.
CLAUS SPRECKELS
ADVANCES $25,000
Continued from First Page.
time is close at hand, and while the
necessity for relief is not actually pres
ent except in a few cases the direful
day is not more than a week or two
off. The few cars of provisions and
feed that have been distributed have
been timely and have prevented some
suffering, but in order that the entire
community may be tided over a bad
time it will require the expenditure of
at least $150,000.
On going over the country the evi
dences of distress are not present ex
cept in the absence of live stock and
the barren fields. The people are not
flaunting their destitution before the
world. Rather, are they hiding it, but
when you go into their houses and see
the scant larders and the pinched faces
of. the women and children you realize
that you are in the presence of want,
and terrible want.
I talked to Dr. Galbraith, a man of
wide acquaintance, who has responded
faithfully to every call made upon his
services, notwithstanding the fact that
he has not received a fee in two years.
He was loath to tell of the distress of j
his neighbors, but gave stories of many
who were in sore straits, yet are too
proud to have it made public. He told I
of one boy whom he treated and found
that the malady arose from the fact
that the child's food had consisted prin- |
cipally of acorns. He told of families 1
where there had been nothing but flour
or meal and beans for weeks. No
grease of any kind and no meat. These
are the stories that were told wherever
I went and yet they were impossible
of actual verification, for when the
houses of the unfortunates were visited
they would hide their misery and put
forth an assumption of comfort that
was only too strangely belied by their
gaunt features and starved look.
I saw but two dead cows and one
dead horse during the day's ride. The
stock has been sent out of the country
except on the large ranches. There it
is reported that great numbers have
died. The few horses and cows neces
sary for ordinary farm purposes are al
most walking skeletons, and unless
they get food soon they will all die.
A few tons of hay to each farmer will
save his stock, and $50 worth of pro
visions will save his family. If rains
come this will be sufficient. If an
other dry season is upon them they
will have to be carried for more than
a year.
When it was announced that Claus
Spreckels had sent his check to Gov
ernor Budd for $25,000 to be distributed
to the needy in this county, the uni- j
versal reply was that Mr. Spreckels j
was one man on whom the people could
always rely, and there has been a gen
eral expression of satisfaction and
gratification that the money has been
placed in the hands of the Governor
rather than being distributed, as some
has been, in a May that will advertise
the misfortune of the people in a the
atrical manner to display with ostenta
tion the liberality of the donor.
As one man expressed It, "God bless :
Claus Spreckels. He always knows
how to help the unfortunate."
The theatrical display of ' a news
paper has brought forth nothing hut
expressions of dissatisfaction, as the
people do not want their misfortunes
used to advertise yellow journalism.
CLAUS SPRECKELS'
ACTION IS TIMELY
Farmers Will Accept Help
on Condition of Being Al
lowed to Return Money.
SALINAS, Dec. 19.— News published
in the San Francisco dailies of the fact
that destitution existed in the southern
portion of Monterey and adjoining
county has created intense excitement
among all classes. Many who were
fully cognizant of the true facts con
tinue to belittle the information and
claim that the publication of details
would only serve to give the county a
black eye and stop all progress. While
they acknowledge that many deserving
people are in need they also say many
who are always grumbling even in the
best years, will receive aid which
should not be given. That feed for
stock, food for families and also cloth
ing are wanted, is not denied.
Further excitement was found to ex
ist, however, when rumors began to
spread that Claus Spreckels, believing
the truth of reports sent by corre
spondents and private letters, had of
fered Governor Budd the sum of $50,000
to be used as State aid for the destitute
and suffering of Monterey County.
When the report came direct, however,
that Claus Spreckels had offered 550,000
to Governor Budd for relief of the suf
fering" people of Monterey County, of
which sum $25,000 had been accepted,
there was great satisfaction. "It is one'
of the grandest and noblest gifts ever
given for suffering humanity by any
one," was the general outspoken opin
ion of every one who was shown the
news, and none could praise Cla,us
Spreckels too much. The gift will, if
used properly, do much to alleviate dis
tress during the long period between
the present date and the crop season
of 1899.
Bankers, merchants, physicians and
all the more prominent citizens seemed
relieved by the news of the donation
and many stated that numbers of those
who will be relieved will accept help
only on the condition that they will be
allowed to return money when better
times come. All except a few croakers,
who seek to decry the existing want,
declare that the gift comes in the nick
of time and all say God bless Claus
Spreckels, who, believing that suffer
ing exists, extends a glad hand to all
and makes Christmas time possibly
a merry one.
NEW YORK SOLDIER ,
BOYS START EASTWARD
Four companies of the First New York
Volunteer Infantry, constituting Major
Walter Scott's battalion, started for home
yesterday, happy in the prospect of spend
ing Christmas with their families, from
whom they have been separated almost
ever since they were mustered into the
Federal service, last May. The returning
soldiers are members of Companies C of
Albany, E of Utica, F of Walton and G
of Oneonta, N. V., and they will reach
their homes on Christmas evening or
Christmas day, barring accident. The
only cloud that mars the joy of their re
turn is the fact that since leaving the
East deaths have averaged three to a
company. In addition a number of sick
were left behind in Honolulu, afflicted
with typhoid fever.
The mustering out of the Utah Cavalry
is proceeding rapidly and they will' de
part for Salt Lake Friday.
ADVERTISEMENTS. % **$*)
"AtSLOANE'S"
— — ■ — .^ W r a
This comfortable' Morris
Chair, in oak or mahogany
finish frame, with heavy cor-
duroy cushions,
To close at S8 each.
A large assortment of odd
pieces of Furniture, suitable
for holiday gifts, at propor-
tionately low prices.
Choice selection of Ori-
ental, Engiish'and Domestic
Rugs. ' ' ': ' " - : .
Sofa Pillows, Silk and Ve-
lour Table Covers, Silk and
Lace Curtains, etc.
OPEN EVENINGS.
W, &J, SLOAHE &GO,
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET,;
- SAN FRANCISCO.
Now I
Out...
I Xmas
J« It ■ " H
I News , :|-
Letter.
25
Cents. "'" ' ■"•■■' -■■ ■■•■■■ ' I
'. " - . ..-'■ ■•-'■-:
It Will Make You Feel Good
When your wife tells you on Christmas-
morning that your shirt front and col-
lar rivals the whiteness of the '- lilies.
There is nothing that can encircle' your I
neck, outside of her snowy arm, that '
will please you more on Xmas than a
collar done up with the perfect color',
and finish that we put on ' all linen
laundered here.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420 ;
••■. '__.- ~~ •■•■•-',,■: ', .;
jftftiyT^^ ' was aff >' cted with ca-
fS^M BMJ^ iarrn last autumn. During
/ra 0 ?)'^ . month of October '
H^^^Wj&Jr could ne/ther ia ' te nor . -
f **[ smell, and could hear but
Vi^^l'f l' We - Ely's Cream Balm .
J^r^^\ cured 1 it— Marcus Geo.
#A»yy»Y Shautz, Rah way. N. J. ;
Cream iialm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over 'the membrane and is absorbed. Relief is ••-
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c; Trial
S1 "- 10c; at Druggists or by mall. • --.» .v . .. .. ;
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren at.. New York.
1)88 /*^^
' Facial Soap Facial Cream. \
, Pug Noses. Hump. Flat. . Broken, 111-Shaped. -
Noses made to harmonize with the- other fea- g
tures by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODBURr/
127 42a st.. New York. 163 Slate it- CbU>4Jui. "■■
Send lor Illustrated book. ;TEXT OF THE
TREATY WHICH
MEANS PEACE
In Ceding Territory Spain
Gets Protection for
Subjects.
Religious Liberty Assured and
Shipping Given Full Rights for
a Period of Ten Years.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MADRID, Dec. I?.— treaty of
peace between the United States and
Spain, signed by the commissioners of
the respective nations at Paris on De
cember 11, was officially made public
to-day. The preamble is formal and
brief. The following is a translation of
the Spanish copy of the treaty as pub
lished here:
"Article I—Spain1 — Spain renonnces all
rl«rlil of »nvrrrlKiHj- OT*r Cnba.
"Whereas said Isle, when evacuated
by Spain, is to be occupied by the
United States, the United States, while
occupation continues, shall take upon
themselves and fulfill the< obligations
which by the fact of occupation inter
national law imposes on them for the
protection of life and property.
"Article 2—2 — Spain cedes to tlie
T'nlted States the Island of Porto
Rico find other Inland* now nnder
her sovereignty In the "West Indie*,
and the Isle of Gnam In the nrehi
pelaico of Marlnnas or Ladrones.
"Article — Spain cedes to »iie
T'nlted States the Island of Porto
known as the Philippine Islands,
which comprlne the Islands nitnated
between the following linen:
"A line which runs west to east, near
the twentieth parallel, north latitude,
across the center of the navigable canal
of Bachi, from 118 th to 127 th degrees
longitude east of Greenwich. From here
to the south on the 127 th degree longi
tude east to parallel 4:45 north latitude.
From here following the parallel of
north latitude 4:45 to the intersection
with medidian longitude 119:35 east o
Greenwich. From here following meri
dian 119:35 east to parallel latitude 7:4
north. From here following parallel
7:40 north to the intersection of 116 lon
gitude east. From here along- a stralgh
finrr tr> the intersection of the tenth par
allel latitude north, with the 118 th meri
dian east, and from here following the
118 th meridian to the point whence be
gan this demarcation. The United
States shall -ay to Spain the sum o
J20.000.000 within three months afte
the interchange of ratifications of th
present treaty.
"Article 4— The Ur"-' States shall,
during the term of ten years, countin
from the interchange of ratifications of'
the treaty, admit to the ports of th
Philippine Islands Spanish shir>s an
merchandise under the same conditions
as ships and merchandise of the United
States.
"Article *G — The United States, on
the slgninK of the present treaty,
ulinll trannport to Spain at ' their
cost the Spaninh noldlern whom the
American forces made prisoners of
war when Munlln -was captnred. The
arm* of the soldiers shall be re
turned to them.
"Spain, on the interchange of ratifl
cations of the present treaty, shall pro
ceed to evacuate the Philippine Islands,
as also Guam, on conditions similar to
those agreed to by the commissions
named to concert the evacuation of
Porto Rico and other islands in* th
Western Antilles, according to th
protocol of August 12, 1898. which shall
continue in rce until the terms have
been completely complied with. The
term within which the evacuation of
the Philippine Islands and Guam shall I
be completed shall be fixed by both
Governments. Spain shall retain the
flags and stands of colors of warships i
nbt ptured, small arms, cannon of all
calibers, with carriages and accessories,
powders, munitions, material and ef
fects r >f all kinds belonging to the
armies of the sea and land forces of
Spain in the Philippines and Guam.
Pieces of heavy caliber, which are no
field artillery mounted on fortifications
and on coasts, shall remain in their
places for a period of six months from
the interchange of ratifications of the
present treaty, and the United States
may. during . that period, buy from
Spain said material, if both Govern
ments arrive at a satisfactory agree
ment thereon.
"Article 6— Spain, on signing the pres
ent treaty, shall place at liberty all
prisoners of war and all detained or im
prisoned for political offenses in con
sequence of insurrections in Cuba and
the Philippines and of the war with
the United States. Reciprocally the
United States shall place at liberty all
prisoners of war made by the American
forces, and shall negotiate for the lib
erty of all Spanish prisoners in the
power of the insurgents in Cuba and
the Philippines. The Government of
the United States shall transport at
its cost to Spain, and the Govern
ment of Spain shall transport at its
cost to the United Stales, Cuba. Porto
Rico and the Philippines, comfortably,
to the situation of their respective
dwellings, prisoners placed or to be
placed at liberty in virtue of this ar
ticle.
"Article 7— Spain and the " United
States mutually renounce by the pres
ent treaty all claims to national or pri
vate indemnity of whatever kind of on
Government against the other, or o
subjects or citizens against the other
Government, which may have arisen
from the beginning of the last insur
rection in Cuba, and anterior to th
Interchange of ratifications of the pres
ent treaty, as also to all indemnity a
regards the costs occasioned by the
war. The United States shall judge and
•ettle' the claims of its citizens against
Spain which she renounces In this
article.
"Article X— in fulfillment of articles 1,
2 and 3 of this treaty Spain renounces
in Cuba and cedes in Porto Rico and
other West Indian Islands, in Guam
and the Phili^nine Archipelago, all the
buildings, mo]ps. barracks, fortresses,
establishments, public roads and other
real property which by custom or right
are of public domain, and as such be
long to the crown of Spain. Neverthe
less, it is declared this renouncement
or cession, as the case may be referred
Kn the previous paragraph, in no way
ens the property or rights which
sng by custom or law to the
ceful possessor of goods of all
kinds in provinces and cities,
public or private establishments
civil or ecclesiastical, corporations, or
whatever bodies have judicial person
ality to acquire and possess goods in
the above-mentioned renounced or
ceded territories, and those of private
individuals, whatever their nationality.
Said renouncement or cession includes
all documents which exclusively refer
to said renounced or ceded sovereignty
which exist in the archives of the pen
insula. When documents existing in
said archives only in part refer to said
|"ereignty copies of said part shall
supplied, provided they he requested,
lilar rules are to be reciprocally ob
ved In favor of Spain with respect
iocuments existing in the archives of
ore-mentioned islands. In the above
ntioned renunciation or cession is
iprised those rights of the crown
of Spain and of its authorities over
archives and official registers, as well
administrative as judicial, of islands
which refer to them and to rights and
properties of their Inhabitants. Said
archives and registers must be carefully
preserved, and all individuals, without
exception, shall have right to obtain,
conformably to law, authorized copies
ot contracts, wills, and other documents
which form part of notarial protocols
or which are kept In administrative and
judicial archives, whether the same be
in Spain or in the islands above men
"Article 9— Spanish subjects, native of
the peninsula, dwelling in territory
whose sovereignty Spain renounces or
cedes in the present treaty, may re
main in the territory or leave it. main
taining, in one or the other case, all
rights of property, including the right
to sell and dispose of property or prod
ucts, and. moreover, shall retain the
right to exercise industry, business or
profession, submitting themselves In
this respect to the laws applicable to
other foreigners. Ih case they remain
in the territory, they may preserve
their Spanish nationality by making in
the registry office, within a year after
thf interchange of ratifications of this
treaty, a declaration of intention to
preserve said nationality: failing in
this declaration, they will be considered
as having renounced nationality and as
having adopted that of the territory
in which they may reside. Civil riehts
and political status of native inhabit
ants of territories hereby ceded to the
United States shall be determined by
"Article 10 — Inhabitants of territories
whose sovereignty Spain renounces or
cedes shall have assured to them the
free exercise of religion.
"Article 11 — Spaniards residing In
territories whose sovereignty Spain
cedes or renounces shall be subject in
civil and criminal matters to the tribu
nals of the country in which they re
side, conformably with the common
laws which regulate competence, being
enabled to appear before them in the I
same manner and to employ the same
proceedings as citizens of the country
to which the tribunal belongs must
observe.
"Article 12— Judicial proceedings pend
ing the interchange of ratifications of
the treaty in territories over which
Spain renounces or cedes sovereignty
shall be determined conformably with
the following rules: First, sentences
pronounced in civil cases between indi
viduals or in criminal cases before the
Ke mentioned date, and against
•h there is no appeal or annulment
ormably with Spanish law, shall be
idered lasting, and shall be exe
cuted In due form by competent author
ity in the territory within which said
sentences should be carried out. Second,
civil actions between individuals, which
on the aforementioned date have not
been decided, shall continue in course
before the tribunal in which the law
suit is proceeding or before that which
shall replace it. Third, criminal actions
pending on the aforementioned date be
fore the supreme tribunal of Spain
against citizens of the territory which
according to the treaty will cease to be
Spanish shall continue under its juris
diction until definite sentence is pro
nounced, but once sentence is decreed
the exaction shall be intrusted' to the
competent authority of the place where
the action arose.
"Article 13— Literary, artistic and in
dustrial rights of property acquired by
Spaniards in Cuba, Porto Rico, the
Philippines and other territories ceded
on the Interchange of ratifications of
this treaty shall continue to be re
spected. Spanish scientific, literary and
artistic works which shall not be dan
gerous to public order in territories shall
continue entering therein with freedom
from all customs duties for a period of
ten years, dating from the interchange
of ratification of this treaty.
"Article 14 — Spain may establish con
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
sular agents in ports and places of ter- |
ritories whose renunciation or cession j
are the object of the^treaty.
"Article 15 — The government of either
country shall concede for a term of ten
years to merchant ships of the other
the same treatment as regards all port
dues, including those of entry and de
parture, lighthouse and tonnage, as it
concedes to its own merchant ships not
employed in the coasting trade. Thi3
article may be repudiated at any time
by either government giving previous
notice thereof six months beforehand.
"Article 16 — Be it understood what
ever obligation is accepted under the
treaty by the United States with re
spect to Cuba is limited to the period
during which their occupation of the
island shall continue, but at the end of
said occupation they will advise the
Government that may be established in
the islands that it should accept the
Bame obligations.
"Article 17— The present treaty shall
be ratified by the Queen Regent of
Spain and the President of the United
States in agreement and with approval
of the Senate, and ratifications shall
be exchanged in Washington within a
period of six months from date, or
earlier if possible."
WHAT PRIESTS HAVE
DONE IN PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul was seen at the
Holland House, where he has been
stepping during his stay in New York. ■
and said regarding the attitude of the
Roman Catholic church in the Philip
pines:
"Who in America knows anything about !
the Philippines? The church in the Phil- \
ippines will. I have no doubt, accustom
' itself to the conditions under the new
| regime, as it did under the old. The church
I will accept the conditions that are to be, ;
I just as it accepts them in this country.
! All the civilization that the Philippines
i have has be« n received from the priests.
! They are the representatives of social
i and civil order in the islands. The people i
; were taught tiy the priests and they were
! taught too much. The priests will uphold
this Government as they upheld the Gov
ernment <>f Spain. That is, as the repre
i sentatives of order, they will uphold the
existing Government. This Government '
] will have to depend upon the priests to a ,
! large extent for their moral influence in ,
! law and order.
j This Government will do well not to an- ;
tagonize the priests. And I will say I
know it is not the policy of the Govern- I
ment to antagonize them, nor is there I
any disposition to do so in any quarter.
The Archbishop was asked if the our- I
poses of his visit to Washington had
been to discuss this matter with the
President. He said:
I saw the President, but I cannot say
what the subject of conversation was.
There Is no truth in the published report j
j that the Archbishop of Manila has issued
! a circular of an unfavorable character
against the United States. Agulnaldo is |
jealous of the power of the priests and i
wants to rule absolutely himself. The
| conduct of the priests will depend entirely
upon the policy of the United States in
j the Philippines and that I have no doubt
will be the same as in this country.
this
SOLUTION OF THE
CRISIS IS DELAYED
MADRID. Dec. 19.— T0-day's Cabinet
Council was adjourned owing to Senor
Sagasta's indisposition and the solu
j tion of the crisis is therefore delayed.
i The Ministerial Correo publishes this
from Santiago de Cuba: "A group of
insurgents, commanded by Calixto Gar
cia's son, made their appearance in the
town. The American Governor wish
ed them to disarm, but they refused
and invaded the Spanish Casino,
smashing the furniture."
Senor Montero Rios had a long con
ference this afternoon with Duke Al
modovar de Rio. Minister of Foreign
Affairs, to whom he handed the peace
treaty documents.
Lieutenant General Marin, captain
general of Madrid, is about to issue a
proclamation closing all the Carlist
clubs in the district and it is expected
that he will also order the suspension
of all Carlist newspapers.
MARSHAL BLANCO
ARRIVES IN SPAIN
ALICANTE, Spain, Dec. 19.— The
Spanish mail steamer Villaverde with
j Marshal Ramon Blanco, formerly Cap
i tain General of Cuba; Generals Fernal
and Tejega, Colonels Cevalos, Pagliery,
Tusser and Domenigo and several
others of lesser rank arrived here this
: afternoon from Havana. Marshal
Blanco landed without incident and
evading the crowd which was waiting
for him took the train for Madrid atter
sending to the Queen Regent a tele
gram of devotion and receiving from
Sagasta one of welcome. He declined
to discuss the Cuban question, but ap
peared greatly affected.
CUBANS THREATEN
TO LYNCH OFFICIALS
HAVANA, Dec. 19.— Crowds of people
of the lower class at Correo, the evacu
ated suburb of Havana, Invaded the
residence of an ex-police official named
Prim, with the intention of lynching
him. Prim escaped through the rear
of the house. Other officials were also
threatened with lynching. At Pueblo
Neuvo and other places last night un
known persons fired several shots at
the Spanish sentinels.
Cuban forces have entered the evacu
ated town of Calabazar and Santiago
de las Vegas, this province, and have
hoisted the Cuban flag.
REFUSES TO COUNT
THE SOLDIERS' VOTE
CARSON', Dec. 19.— The Supreme Court
met as a Board of Canvassers this after
noon and refused to count the vote of the
Nevada Battalion, now at Manila. In sup
port of the count Republicans urged that
the constitution granted the right of suf
frage to soldiers when absent, and that
the election ordinance of tjie constitution
provided how the votes should be taken
and returned until the Legislature should
provide better moans. In 1866 the Legis
lature provided this means. This a<i waa
repealed In IS7:{. but attorneys contended
that the concluding section of the con
stitution revived the means as provided
in the election ordinance of the constitu
! • The board denied the request on the
I ground that it had no jurisdiction, and
I if any board should canvass the returns
i it should be a board under the election
I ordinance. The board then proceeded to
I canvass the State vote, which resulted in
I the election of the whole silver ticket,
with the exception of the superintendent
of Instruction. Cutting. In the Gover
nor's vote no changes were discovered.
and Sadler is elected Governor by 22
votes.
The action taken by the Republican
attorneys is preliminary to the steps of
William McMillan in his contest of Sau
ler's electtion as Governor.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. IS). —Weather fine;
track heavy. Results:
First race, selling, mile and twenty yards—
Pinkey Potter won. Traveler second, Can I See
•Km third. Time, 1:58%.
Second race, selling, seven furl-ings— Dr.
Vaughan won, Anitra second, Morning third.
Time. 1:35^.
Third race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth,
hurdle— Brakeman won, Protus second. Alamo
third. Time, 2:30' 2 .
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlotißs— Sam
Lazarus Esq. won, Ixilterer Kecond, Elkin third
Time, 1:31.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Dr. Marks
won, Patroon second, Hampden third. Time,
1:69.
OPPOSITION TO
THE JUNKET
OF SENATORS
Their Visit to Cuba
Unnecessary.
PLATT TALKS FOR EXPANSION
SAYS THE UNITED STATES CAN
ACQUIRE TERRITORY.
Motion to Postpone Consideration of
the Nicaragua Bill Causes
an Interesting
Debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The Senate
I had a busy day and there were several
important speeches. Platt of Connecti
cut spoke against the Vest resolution,
which declares that the United States
j has no power to acquire territory. He
I said that the power of a nation to ac
qutre territory was as inherent as its
sovereignty. The United States had
the right to govern such territory in
the best possible manner until the peo
i pie of the acquired lands were capable
' of self-government
Proctor of Vermont and Hale of
[ Maine explained divergent views upon
1 the committee of Senators to visit
Cuba. Proctor thought such a com
mittee was necessary, while Hale
thought it would be in extremely bad
; taste and useless.
The Nicaragua canal bill was up dur
' ing last part of the day, and Senators
i Berry, Allen, Hoar, Caffery and Mor
|gan discussed the measure.
I Lodge of Massachusetts, from the For
eign Relations Committee, favorably re
ported the following resolution and asked
tor its immediate consideration:
"That the President be and is hereby
required to give to Congress so far as the
Bame may be done without detriment to
public interests, all the information in
1 his possession concerning certain alleged
outrages committed on the person of
] Bishop Earl Cranston and other citizens
I in the city of I.-king China, by subjects
I of the Emperor of china, and what steps,
IJf any, have been taken by the State
Department in the matter of requesting
suitable indemnity therefore."
The resolution was agreed to.
Platt's speech was a constitutional ar
gument, maintaining the legal right of
the United States to acquire territory.
Baying he <H<l not propose to discuss t lie
policy of expansion nor the features of
the government we might establish in any
foreign territory we might acquire. Ex
pansion, he said, has been a law of our
national growth, the mainspring of our
national development.
I Gallinger, from the Committee on Gen
; ernl Expenses, attempted to report the
resolution introduced by Proctor provid
ing for the appointment of a select com
■ mittee of the Senate to visit Cuba and
■ report upon the conditions prevailing
I there.
The effort on Gallinger's part developed
stern resistance from Hale, and was the
j occasion of a short explanation from
; Proctor.
The Senate took up the Nicaraguan ca
nal bill, and Berry of Arkansas spoke
upon his amendments to the measure, xie
announced preliminarily that on general
! principles he was favorable to the con
: structlon of a canal across the isthmus,
j and he had been so for many years be
fore he felt that such an enterprise
would promote the interests of the South
; crn States, but always contended for
: its construction by the Government of
! the I'nlted States. He had been honeful
' on this account that it mijjht be possible
to eliminate the Maritime l anal Company
i from the question entirely. He had voted
; against the company's charter In 1887,
! Still, said he. Morgan insists that this
! accomplishment is out of the question at
present. If this be true, the Question
now was whether the work of construct
ing the canal should proceed under tiie
name of the Maritime Canal Company or
be suspended entirely. In this connection
he also took into consideration the ad
: ditional fact that another company would
secure concessions from Nicaragua, to
take off.-ct immediately upon the expira
, tion nf the Maritime Company's grant,
hence It seemed difficult to get away from
corporation interests, but he hoped that
before the final vote all corporate inter
ests would be eliminated, and in view of
this fact be had considered it desirable,
if not incumbent upon the Senate, to
i make the pending bill as perfect as it
could be made, and it was to this end
that his amendment had been made. He
, did not commit himself to vote for the
bill, even if his amendments were adopt
ed,'but would determine that question
when a vote was reached.
Berry then explained the provisions of
his amendments.
Allen of Nebraska followed Berry. He
was not opposed to the canal scheme, he
said, because he antagonized certain fea
j tures of the bill. One of its most per- I
nicious features would be eliminated by
the adoption of the Berry amendments,
namely, the bond feature. He was op
posed "to the provision for the adjustment
of the claims of the Maritime Canal Com
pany. He wanted the Government pro
tected from all loss and all possible fraud
and peculation by that company.
Caffery of Louisiana, at the request of
i Turner, who was; unavoidably absent,
read the latter's motion to postpone the
consideration of the bill until January 10.
Hoar said he thought the canal should
be built and at once. While Senators
did not know what the canal would cost.
they knew enough to know that its con
struction was necessary for the protec
tion of the commercial relations between
the coasts nf the United States. The ca
nal, he insisted, should be built by the
Government.
Morgan maintained that the concession
of Nicaragua and Costa Rica was not
forfeitable next October. Morgan said
that the Berry amendments for financing
the enterprise were more acceptable to
him than the provision of the committee.
He predicted that the United States
would secure at least 5 per cent divi
dends upon its investment, and drew a
glowing picture of the use to which the
funds could be put.
At 5:15 P- m. the Senate went into ex
ecutive session, and at 5:30 p. m. ad
journed.
AN APPROPRIATION FOR THE
PHILADELPHIA EXPOSITION
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— This was sus
pension day in the House and several bills
were passed, the most important of which
was the bill appropriating $350,000 for the
Philadelphia Exposition of ISS9. The vote
was exceedingly close, it having but two
I votes more than the necessary two-thirds.
Bills were also passed under the suspen
sion of the rules to authorize the distribu
tion of the assets of the Freedmen's
Bank; to enlarge the scope of the Fish
Commission to include game birds; for the
relief of the Fourth Mounted Arkansas
Infantry, and for the relief of John W.
Lewis of Oregon.
Bailey of Texas introduced a resolution
in open House directing the Judiciary
Committee to investigate and report on
the question as to whether the members
of the House who had accepted commis
sions in the army had forfeited their
seats in the House. He made the resolu
tion the text for some remarks, in the
course of which he took occasion to bit
terly denounce a newspaper statement to
the effect that in his attitude on this ques
tion he had been made a catspaw by
prominent Republicans in the House. He
denounced the Republican who had insti
gated the statement as an infamous liar
and challenged him to father it. There
was no reply to Baileys statement and
the resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Rules.
DECLARES THAT
QUAY SHOULD
NOW BE TRIED
Pointed Answer of the
District Attorney.
PROSECUTION IS DEMANDED
AND THE CHARGE OF CONSPIR
ACY REVIEWED.
: Denial of the Allegation That the
Proceedings Are the Result of a
Political Move to Defeat
the Senator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 19.— District
Attorney Graham to-day filed In the
prothonotary's office of the Supreme
Court the answer of the commonwealth
to the petition of United States Sen
ator M. S. Quay, his son. Richard R.
Quay, and f..v. - ■• State Treasurer Hay
wood, In which the defendants asked
the Supreme Court for a rule to show
cause why a writ of certiorarl should
not be issued to take up the record of
examination of the case, in which three
defendants are charged with con
spiracy to misuse State funds on de
posit in the People's Bank.
True bills of indictment were re
turned by the Grand Jury against the
defendants and their trial was fixed
for Monday, December 12, but on De
cember 10 Justices Green and Williams
of the Supreme Court granted the rule
asked for by the defendants and fixed
January 1 as the time for hearing the
argument.
The District Attorney says that the
statement that the defendants could i
not obtain a fair trial is "scandalous
and untruthful and a gross Imputation
upon the twelve Judges of the Phila
delphia courts," and he declares it to
be untrue, as charged in the petition,
that the pnrsecutions were Inspired by
Judge James Jay Gordon, as alleged.
Continuing, the answer says:
The evidence shows that public funds of
the commonwealth of Pennsylvania for
years have been used by the conspirators
for their private and unlawful gain. In
tereat has been allowed by the People's
Bank on deposits of money and paid to
the accused in their bank account and
checked nut by them along with their own
moneys in the same account. In other in
stances cashiers' checks and drafts have
been made payable to the accused for cer
tain sums of interest on the public money
and these documents, bearing the indorse
ment of the accused, showing the receipt
by them of the interest money paid, are
in existence and in possession of the com
j monwealth. The books show that hun
! dreds of thousands of dollars of public
! money deposited in the People's Bank
were set apart for the use of M. S. Quay
and used by him, and that he was charged
no interest thereon. The book showed
that hundreds of thousands of dollars' |
worth of stock were bought for M. S.
Quay with the money; that whenever he
failed to use his full allowance of public
money thus set apart for him interest was
carefully calculated upon the balance not
used by him in the purchase of stocks
and paid to the State Treasurer.
The District Attorney declares that
these proceedings were instituted be
fore' Mr. Quay made the personal an
nouncement of his candidacy to suc
ceed himself in the United States Sen
ate. Why a legal proceeding should
be arrested upon the ground of a de
fendant's candidacy for office, the Dis
trict Attorney is at a loss to under
stand, and all allegations to this effect,
he says, are irrelevant and immaterial.
The District Attorfiey avers that in
seeking trial for these cases he is do
ing simply his duty under his oath of
• •fflee and that in so doing he is not
prejudicing and intimidating the Gen
eral Assembly. The prosecution, he
says, was based upon "incriminating
evidence," a part of which was pro
cured before the committing magis
trate and before the Grand Jury, and
the prosecution "has no other purpose
than that of bringing to justice per
sons whom the respondent believes have
persistently violated the laws of the
commonwealth, and used the public
moneys of the State as though they
were part of their own private prop
erty."
In closing the answer the District At
torney says:
Respondent avers that appeals of the
extraordinary nature of the one in the
petition in question, where rules are
granted accompanied with stay of pro
ceedings that interrupt large and orderly
progress of the administration of justice
in the lower courts, are calculated to do
irreparable injury and to make it impos
sible to successfully prosecute persons of
wealth and power.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5c> y: s9£!ft»39 R^J^y^ was ever lant
U ' iFhSaW Br*iBN.2il ed in which
Si 'W> ff"\L^»Lj^i>QSl^v weeds did not
£c?X y V^^H^ insolently pre-
Jf~>^ /tflVAf (A come without
•r^ /' l\ »TV '3^ invitation and
V* f/'w \il j)\ ferfs without a wel-
,' I -«a\ %I>J|i \ Cil£come. If you
• / A\ *-J^) recognize them
V\ Sf/ 1 3 weeds, and
\ Jkv \»?M t)>v f you have
2 JBErb. yrLA -jl sense enough
/W^Ar(Snj to know that
<fi k. i yM\\fl^ weeds choke
/f^^sJL \®u?Sw flowers ' and
t -«l^Os\ V >?^^CS) p ull tbe weeds
//^/3^np, root and
r i &^^/£r!3& > branch, you
*^ij% ,A-3^-^Sr: will save the
//ml V. ■ * flowers. .
/ /V J|*X\ There are.
. 'o^dJ^ ■ weeds in the
health-garden of many a man and woman.
The doctors call them disease germs. If
you have sense enough to distinguish them
from the flowers of health, and root them
out, you will be robust, healthy and happy.
The most dangerous of all the weeds in the
flower garden of . health is that deadly
creeper consumption.
There has never been but one medicine
that would choke out this weed, root and
all. That medicine is Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. It- acts directly on. the
lungs through the blood, driving out all
impurities and disease germs, and building
up new and healthy tissue. It restores the
lost appetite, makes digestion and assimi-
lation perfect, invigorates the liver, puri-
fies the blood and nils it with the life-giv-
ing elements of the food ; and . tones and
builds up the nerves. ■It sustains the ac-
tion of the heart and deepens the breath-
ing, supplying the blood with life-giving
oxygen. Medicine dealers sell it.
• " A doctor, who" is considered an expert on '
lung troubles, told me I had consumption and
could not live lonsr." writes Mrs. James Gatfield,
77 Mary Street, Hlmilton;, Ont., Can. "Three
' bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
cured me completely." . -
Free. Dr. Pierce' 9 Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser. Send 21 one-cent stamps to
cover mailing only for paper-bound copy.
■ Cloth-bound 31 cents. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v
«»««0 0»»00o»0««0««»«««»»«»»»»»».»»aa
« . w . a
g If your Christmas «
a buying is interrupted %^ a v^^JV |
Iby this stormy weath- ' l^n^^T 1 »
g er, by the necessity n^\ »
». for a new Overcoat or '. ,' «
g Mackintosh, we want __^^^,iJ^ g
g to be yoiir outfitter. I3r g
o a
« I \^\V\ ■I We can giveu \y j^' j «
« \ Jri \ - vo !' r . eat I)ar ' S X fHfc m S
s coats Md - m -|aFw'lH I
»■ vL |\\| Jx W ehaveMack- ft^ rt J g
I W x JOT intosks from » 1
a ' \l\ IK \ <(\ rnnre nn P \ -I MHkl?i cf
g |\v Mi. centsu P' I u■mg «
1 tlpS" No need oi I jtl 1 |
g |U^ being wet or^ i§ «
«1 _ - J cold. wL± 1. 5
& a
s In the bustle attendant upon Christmas b
a buying, we want you to stop for a moment a
g to consider the advisability of presents that g
o are of the practical, common-sense order — s
a something that, after the holidays are over, a
|g will still remain useful and appreciated. g
Ig Gifts mean much if you choose the a
« right, and so little if you happen to choose a
® the wrong. ( S
t o . rr
$ ~~ ~~~ a
q /C?^ — Men's Fedora Hats, in shades of pearl, a
8 /▼ \./ brown and black; all new; this QKp a
« [^ n«^,l»\ season's styles c/Ciy a
o C^W^W^^ We sell a better Derby Hat for S
'"•' fiSVS^^Ps $2.50 than exclusive Hat stores do a
I / $1 or $3. 50. Black and all shades of brown. a
a jjW|^- y Newest blocks. ®
# >r>^ /K. • Wool Underwear, soft and comfort- a
® V/V^/lwV^ able, made with great care and worth a
° 'iy\&Kr^\ really $1.25 per garment, a 0 4 C\f\ ®
a yf.. >S£// - special Christmas offering at. tJ/A«vfV/ a
j5 . -^. Colored Shirts 50c a
g .^l&^vfS'Jsi ffoiZ^/j^ ' White Shirts 50c g
v»/ / *v / jSpST 1 vviiiic onni:> OUt
a J ijKm! Dress Shirts — as good as any tt
° EttSrlft X ? "^ TT// • made ------ • $1.00 a
« //[g Latest fancies and strictly swell &
O U^P^P^£^ti, Neckties, in Puffs, Tecks, As- &
# cots and Four-in-Hands 50c B
« rr^^fe^HS^) " Stunning Plaid (effects in Men's a
a nP \£y&y^|£' Hose, as well 1 as the steadily a
# ?§^ jffl. popular blacks and browns. .2sc |?
g T> ■ j We can please every particular $
£ person's wants in the Suspender line. .25c >sty a
a Pure Silk Border Handkerchiefs that J \, «
awe are offering for the holiday trade have j& %|k jj
g had a great run. The price is ex- OC/* <J 3jS«k Jfflh a
J| ceedingly low AOKj N(SSV JssP a
C^ Good Suits for Nine Dollars. Splen- xSSftlr^ **
Kk did Winter Suits. In Cheviots, Worsteds a
a /fs&L__ and Cassimeres. They will fit and G*Q C\(\ »
a j"(**7 I suit you, or we return your money. <Pc/«vlvl 5*
» d^M^fck. Beautiful Smoking Jackets for Christmas o>,
O mM^" Mmm P resents they will strike most men Q*/1 P 7 &\ a
O ml^'^mßm as being about right <J)t% I O O
<"> # 'bBI^ Our Made-to-Order Department is the most a
re jw'V : v^^r^ complete and popular tai oring department on the Pacific O
o.l^ \ \H Coast. Everything in the way of stylish Suitings, Trous- ■&
a -'P| l j^J -' erings, Overcoatings and Ulsterings. Suits Made to Order 8
a v! I " from f 10.00 up; Trousers from $3.00 up. &
! S. N. Wood & Co., 1
0 71.8 Market St., S. F. g
gggggggooqggaoggqgggggQgggoggggggflfl
THE
Children's Hospital
»NVITES the attention of the public to j
I the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB-
"STANTIAL DONATIONS if the institu-
tion is to be kept open. The "Hospital
for Children and Training • School for
Nurses" is -in desperate circumstances.
During the past year there has been no
public entertainment given for this
worthy charity, and because of the gen-
eral interest of the people in Red Cross
work and needs of soldiers the hospital
has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORGET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
ing, fuel, drugs, etc., WILL BE SENT
FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
S 227 Sutter Street.
■»-^'.^^tß^^£*ftM r " 3 ** i» a non-pouonoT*
<£4B^P^^^ml remedy for Gonorrhoea.
MUBrCVnEtFBa Gleet, Spormatorrhcea!
aSEftil tosd»7i.^H Whites, unnatural dia-
B&fW OunniKd m charges, or any inflamma-
I«| noi vo itrleiare. tiou, irritation or uloera-
contigion. tion of mucous mem-
KS»THEEv*MSCHEUir«I_Co. t)ra 8 . Kon-agtringent.
\tHkc!NC!NNATI,O JJBB9 Sold by JDrusr*ist«.
C. 3. A 'JMa °r Brnt in P la wrapper,
rML PTP T express, prepaid, for
VSH#^«l f 1-00, .or 3 bottles, {2.73.
V V ■ Oircui»r wnt oa raqueeti
— ~— „ . _^_ _ i
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year |
oonooo oo oooooooooq
%*•"■* PALACE w|
ZCRAND hotels •
\ o BAH FrtANCIBCO. ?
** Connected by a covered paaaacswajr. ™
O MOO Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. O
9 Ail Utider One Ua»a«wnent. Q
P NOT! TES PK1CB8: Q
m. European Plan. S 1.00 per day aad njrwmrt^Z
V American Plaa.fS.OO per day and upward O
Q Correspondence Solicited. . n
&ZOS» 0. »a»A?aiCS, Haaag«r. g
(o ooooooooaooooooS
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dpftler and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Tards at HOW AND BEAXB BT3.
g^gDR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
BaS^^Pfim '- Klve hundred reward for any cas»
SHU " HHM we cannot cure. This secret remedy
H DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Five huiwcj reward for any casa
we cajmot cure. This secret remedy
i»top« all losses in 24 hours, cure*
EKKf S3B Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele.
[TfW W*j7| Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strlcturea.
Ull LfrfJ.! Lost Manhood and all wasting; ef-
gSESi PSS fectsof self -abuse or excesses. Sent
EsaSsEEßfc? sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles. *uar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL, IN-
STITUTE, 835 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Als*
for sale at 1073>4 Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THj3
great Mexican remedy; gives health an!
•trangth to sexual organs. Depot, U* Marlwt.
34
SELLS TOBACCO
TO THE CONVICTS
Parole Clerk's Traffick
ing at San Quentin.
HAS WARDEN'S PERMISSION
DIRECTOR WILKINS MAKES A
DISCOVERY.
Mr. Hale Offers the Excuse That He
Approved of the Infraction
in Order to Discourage
Smuggling.
Special Ditnateh to Thf Call.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON. Dec. 19.—
For months Parole Clerk F. \V. Rey
nolds of San Quentin has been en
gaged in selling tobacco to the con
victs, and it was only when the mat
ter was brought to the attention of
Prison Director James li. Wilkins that
a searching Investigation by him dis
covered the fact that Reynolds was
trafficking with the prisoners by con
sent of Warden Hair. The tacts in the
case will be laid before the board of
directors at its next meeting.
Director Wilkins, whose duty it is
as resilient din ctor to take special cog
nizance of Buch affairs, demanded why
the practice was permitted in violation
of the rules laid down by the Board
of Prison Directors, and even by the
Warden himself, and received the re
ply that as the amount of tobacco al
lowed the prisoners by the State was
inadequate for their needs, the Warden
had thought it best to permit it to be
sold to them in order to prevent us
being smuggled through the Kates.' As,
it is against prison rules for the pris
oners i" be m possession of any money,
this excuse failed to satisfy the in
dignant director, and he immediately
unced his Intention of bringing
the matt' r up at the next meeting of
the Prise n Board. The Importance of
the affair and the momentous conse
quences that may follow from an in
vestigation of this character can only
be Burmlsed.
Prior to the great strike in the jute
mill two years ago every prisoner was
allowed weekly a pound of tobacco,
either for Bmoking or chewing, or a
convict might take half of one kind'
and half ol the other, as suited him
best. During the strike it was found
that th-- force of guards on duty was
totally inadequate to cope with the dif
ficulties of such a condition and more
guards had to be placed on duty. In
order to save the Stale the expense of
hiring these additional guards, the t
prisoners had their weekly supply of
Unfinished, and since then
have been allowed only one-sixth of a
pound weekly. This plan had the ef
teet also of punishing them for their
unruly behavior.
The tobacco is distributed every Sat
urday and lasts the average user only
Until the succeeding .Monday or Tues
day. Consequently they were Bupposed
to do without the weed for the remain
der of the week unless they managed
to smuggle it in small quantities
through tl "Supposed" is said 1
advisedly, for it is now known that !
(or seveutl months such of the prison- j
ers as could afford it have purchased
all they wished to use from Parole 1
Clerk Reynolds, who Is also the War- i
den's stenographer. .Most of Reynolds' j
supply was bought in San Rafael at
the stores of < '. Grosjean and .L. L,a- \
\ |{ 'Sa.
'•lie of the most rigid rules of the I
prison is that not only shall no convict
Emitted to have any money in his i
ssii n, but that no person shall be
allowed to sell or give them anything. '
When Director \Vilkins learned a few
days ago that Reynolds was selling i
tobacco to the prisoners he suspected
that in this manner a good deal of the |
opium used by the inmates had found
Its way inside the walls. He laid a plan [
to catch Reynolds in the act, and, being |
aware that Warden Hale must co-oper- i
ate in such a proceeding, sent for him [
to come to San Rafael. The Warden
met Wilkins and dumfounded the Di
rector by admitting that the parole j
flerk was selling tobacco with his
knowledge and consent
If Warden Hale knew tobacco was !
b-^ing sold prisoners he also knew that ''
they had money, itself a contraband ''
article. His failure to consult with the i
Board oil Directors before permitting
ho Important an infraction of the rules 1
is peculiar. Director Wilkins asserted I
at the close of the consultation that the ;
matter would have to be brought up
before the board at the January meet- i
Ing.
"I am exceedingly sorry that this has !
reached the public," said Director 1
Wilkins this evening, "as the printing
of such things never fails to have a I
tendency to cast reproach on prison af- !
lairs, whether or not anything comes
of it. It is true that Warden Hale and I
myself disagree on the advisability of
permitting anybody to sell to the con
victs tobacco, but the discussion be
tween us was perfectly friendly. of j
course, as it is contrary to prison reg- I
illations. I shall he obliged to call it t-i
the attention of the board at the next '
tweeting, but I hope that the tangle can!
b e straightened out satisfactorily to
all."
MERCURY PRINTING
COMPANY REORGANIZED
New Owners Will Assume Charge of
the San Jose Daily This
Week.
PAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— Articles of incorpo
ration reorganizing the Mercury Printing
and Publishing Company were tiled this
afternoon. The capital si. irk is $100,000
W. H. Wright. Q. M. Bowman, W. C An
drews. J. ]•:. Auz.r.iis anci ('. M. Wooster
are named as directors. The new owners
will rippumo charge of the Mercury on
December 24. it will be Republican in
politics and work for the best interests of
Santa Clara County.
Fusion Wedding at San Luis.
*A.\ LUIS OBISFO. Dec. 19.- Victor H.
■• ■!*, County Survoyor-olect. and Miss
Adelaide C. SjiaffVird, County Superin
tendent of S<"hnols-o]cct. were married
to-day. Woods was elected on the Re
publican tkk<t and his bri^ cr. II- rn
lion tuket.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
F. W. REYNOLDS.
GRIP EPIDEMIC
AT THE EAST
New York Physicians
Are Kept Busy.
TALK OF RADICAL TREATMENT
HEALTH BOARD ASKED TO ISO
LATE THE PATIENTS.
Dr. Crosby Declares It Is an Infec
tious and Contagious Disease,
and Should Be Treated
as Such.
Social Pis-patch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Grip is epi
demic in town. The deaths are few —
one or two a day — but the physicians
have their hands full.
The Health Board informally dis
cussed the epidemic this morning. Dr.
John B. Crosby favors amending the j
sanitary code by including influenza, or !
grip, with consumption, diphtheria, yel
low fever, cholera and other diseases
classed as "infectious and contagious. "
making it mandatory that physicians
report cases of grip to the board. Dr.
William T. Jenkins, while not deriving
that grip is infectious and contatrious. !
was not in favor of officially including!
it among reportable diseases. The board j
deferred action, after listening to the
arguments.
"Influenza is an infectious and con
tagious disease, due to influenza bacil
lus," said Dr. Crosby. "In cases of in
fluenza or grip organisms are present in
all secretions of the nose, throat and
bronchial tubes. The disease is trans
mitted from person to person through
taking in these organisms, either from
direct contact or after secretions have j
been dried and pulverized and inhaled
In the form of dust. The disease cannot j
be produced by any other causes than j
influenza bacillus. There are many '
catarrhal affections of the respiratory
tract Improperly called grip, and the !
distinction between th^se and the true
grip is extremely difficult and often
impossible in milder forms. The srrip.
however, is a more serious affection,
produces greater depression and is fol
lowed by more tedious convalescence.
The disease extends rapidly and affects j
large numbers of people because of
lack of a definite diagnosis, and no at
tempt at isolation of the patient or dis
infection of the discharges.
"Failure to isolate on the part of
those responsible for the health of a j
great community is a crime, and should
great loss result from this carelessness
the Health Board cannot escape public
censure."
NEW HAVEN, Dec. 19.— 1t is esti
mated that 400 Yale students and fifty
professors have the grip. Only severe
cases are being treated at the college
Infirmary, which is filled with patients.
The epidemic has played havoc in col
lege, for this is the fortnight of "semi
annuals," and grip sufferers will be
seriously handicapped in their studies
by failure to be present at examina
tions. There are several thousand casos
uf grip in the city, including thirty
physicians.
CRUISER CINCINNATI
DRAWN OFF THE SHOAL
The Hull Was Not Damaged by Be
ing Bun Aground in Santiago
Harbor.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lS9<t, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. '19.— Steel
cablfcs were passed to the Cincinnati yes
terday morning from the Southery and'
Mayflower. Both put on full speed with
the Cincinnati's port engine working
astern, and tried to move the vessel. The
Mayflower parted three cables and the
third became entangled about her pro
pellor.
The tug Bessie went alongside the Cin
cinnati this afternoon and took off ammu
nition, but it was o.f no avail. The South
ery's cable brought ilp the buoy which
Colonel Humphrey placed on the shoal
in August. It was found in fourteen feet
of water with only ten feet of chain.
TV ": U-il errort of the Southery brought
fhe Cincinnati off the shoal at 1 o'clock.
The cruiser sails to-morrow for the Uni
ted States. The divers' examination of
the hull shows no damage.
TWO FERRY STEAMERS
ALMOST IN COLLISION
SAUSAIJTO, Dec. 19.— Owing to a mis
understanding of signals the steamers San
Rafael and Sausahuo came into danger
ous proximity off Alcatraz Island on the
7 o'clock trip this morning. The San
Rafael was on her wav to San Fran*
cisco and the Sausalito to this city. Both
Captain McKenzie and Captain Wilson
blew whistles at the same Instant, indi
cating thai the vessels were to pass to
port.
The steamers came closo together, but
the engines of both were reversed and
the vessels stopped and backed away be
fore the passengers became aware that
anything was wrong. raptatn Wilson
said there was no danger at any time as
both steamers signaled when far enough
apart to rectify any mistake.
THE BAF FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
DISTRIBUTION
OF WARSHIPS
Problem Before the
Navy Department.
AVAILABLE SHIPS SCARCE
THIS OWING TO THE NUMBER
SENT TO DEWEY.
j Vessels That Will Probably Be Se
lected for Duty on the Euro
pean and Atlantic
Stations.
Special Dfsj>atoh to The Call.
NEW YORK, D^:. 19.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald |
telegraphs: Secretary Long, Acting
Secretary Allen and Captain Crownin
shield, chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, have been giving a great deal of
attention to the number and character
of the ships to be distributed among
the North Atlantic, European and
South' Atlantic stations. It is desired
to retain a strong force on the home
station and to send a respectable naval I
force to Europe, but the ships avail- j
able in view of the strengthening: of
liear Admiral Dewey's command aru
very few.
The only armorclads under the com- '
mand of Rear Admiral Sampson are I
the battleships Indiana, Massachusetts
and Texas, and the cruisers Brooklyn
and New York. Only four protected
cruisers are in commission on the North
Atlantic coast— th# Chicago, Cincin
nati, Newark and New Orleans. The |
New Orleans will be placed out of com- |
mission to receive sieveral improve- !
ments, and the smokestack of the New- !
ark is to be lengthened. The Cincin- !
nati, upon arrival at New York, will !
also be placed out of commission.
It is expected that the cruiser At
lanta will be commissioned next month.
The Newark will probably be sent to
the South Altantic as the flagship of
that station, and she will be reinforced !
by the Wilmington and Castine.
Most of the gunboats which are be
ing prepared at the navy yards will
be required for service in Cuban and i
Porto Hicnn waters, and these will be i
attached to the North Atlantic squad
ron.
What ships will comprise the Euro
pean squadron cannot be indicated
now, but it is generally believed that!
the Brooklyn will be the flagship and I
xho Chicago and one of the battleships, j
perhaps the Texas, may be assigned to
it.
It is the understanding at the Navy
Department that no attempt will be
made by the friends of the naval per
sonnel bill in the House to brine the
measure up for consideration until af
ter the holidays. Speaker Reed has
promised ho will then set asidf a day
for its discussion, and Senator Hale has
promised that favorable action by the
House will lead him to do what ho can
to facilitate action hy the Senate.
MACKENZIE DEPRIVED
OF HIS SINECURE
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19.-The Board of Su
pervisors to-day abolished the office of
! Fish and Game Warden, which for the
past three years hasfbeen filled by John
D. Mackenzie, a lieutenant of "ex-Boss"
Rea. The place was simply a sinecure.
Mackenzie's salary was $75 per month,
With an allowance of $25 a month for ex
penaea This latter sum was always
drawn to the limit. For the past year
large numbers of taxpayers have gone to
' the different Supervisors and demanded
that the Game Wardenship he discontin
ued, but without avail. The victory of
the Republican Good Government League
[ at the last election changed the situation
( The Supervisors were given to understand
.that the Mackenzie soft snap- must cease
or suit would be brought. To-day Super
| visor Roll introduced the following reso
, lution:
"Resolved, That It is the sense of the
Board of Supervisors that no appointment
be made to fill the office of Fish and
| Game Warden of this county as no ade
quate reason exists that renders such an
office a public necessity; the result of
labors of such office having demonstrated
the fact that no compensatory advan
tages have been shown to have resulted
therefrom, and it is, therefore, inexpedi
ent to incur the expense to the county
attendant upon the' appointment of such
an officer." '
The Supervisors looked at one another
1 in amazement, but none seconded Roll's
motion to. adopt the resolution. Roll
then moved that the office of Game War
den be abolished. Ayer seconded it, and
Stein voted with them. The rays . were
P. P. Austin and G. E. Rea.
Fen Massol, a clerk employed by the
board, was ordered dismissed at the end
of the month, and H. S. Foote, another
clerk, was given until April 1 to complete
some work he was employed on.
It is said the abolishment of the office
of county stenographer is contemplated.
Contract for the Carnegies.
LONDON. Dec. 20.— The. Daily Mail this
morning makes the following announce
ment: The Carnegies have secured an
order for 40,000 tons of steel rails for the
Cape, at 15 shillings per ton under the
English tenders.
PRESIDENT AND
CONFEDERATES
Men in Gray Honor Their
Former Foe.
LOVING WORDS OF WELCOME
THE PRESIDENT HAS WON ALL
HEARTS IN THE SOUTH.
Veterans Decorate the Chief Execu
tive With Their Badge and
Compel Him to
Wear It.
Ececlal Dispatch to The Call.
MACON, Ga., Dec. 19.— The President
and his party were received here by
the largest cro\ d which has gathered
in Macon since the last visit of Jeffer-
B&n Davis to this city. Drawn up in
front of the station was the Bibb Coun
ty Camp of the Confederate Survivors'
Association, 400 strong, headed by
Commander C. M. Wiley. As the Presi
dent reached the old Confederates he
was hailed by Colonel Wiley, who, in
Welcoming the visitors, said:
Wo extend to you and your party a
most generous, hearty and sincere wel
come to our beloved city. You, sir, have
endeared yourself to the hearts of all
Confederate soldiers on account of the
noble sentiments expressed by you In re
gard to our Confederate dead. 1 assure
you that these old, maimed and Infirm
veterans who have met hero to do you
honor to-day appreciate such words of
love and kindness, and, tittered, too, by
the President of this great country, and
by one. who was a member of the Union
army In the sixties, i hope and pray,
Mr. President, that God in his infinite
mercy may so direct the future legislation
of this country thut the living Confeder
ates will be remembered. This country
and the stars and stripes belong as much
to the Confederate veterans as they do
to the Grand Army of the Republic. The
South proved its loyalty to this grand
obi country when war was declared with
Spain, and now henceforth and forever 1
i she will be found ready to take up arms
to defend our country and our flag.
Mr. president, on behalf of the brave
| and maimed Confederate soldiers of Biub
County, Georgia, 1 present to you thU
j parchment engrossed in letters of gold,
I the beautiful sentiment expressed by you
I in our capital city in regard to our hon
ored dead.
As the President was about to pro
ceed Dr. Roland B. Hall, another vet-
I eran, addressed him as follows:
Mr. President: In behalf of our noble
dead, and as Confederate veterans, we
are here to manifest our appreciation of
the noble and gtuierous sentiment you
have recently uttered. Do us the honur,
sir, to accept and wear this badge of a
Confederate veterans' association, which
bears your likeness and the words which
should endear you to the Heart of every
Confederate.
"I do not know that it would be
proper," said the President.
"But you must," said Dr. Hall, and
without further ceremony the President
marched ahead with Judge Speer. The
sight of the Confederate badge on the
President's coat as he passed through
the lines of veterans called forth vocif
erous cheering. The President wore the
badge during his stay in Macon.
One of General Wheeler's old cavalry
men also pinned a badge to the lapel
of his major general's coat and the
| doughty little warrior proudly wore it
j away with him when he left the city.
The Presidential party was driven in
carriages to the stand where the Presi
dent was to review the troops of Gen
eral Bates' division of General Wilson's
', army corps. As his carriage passed the
Confederate monument an old Confed
erate veteran frantically waved a Con
; federate Mag, while by his side was the
son of the colonel of one of Georgia's
hardest lighting Confederate regiments,
who was as vigorously waving ths
Stars and Stripes. When the President
was abreast of him the two flags were
I brought to a salute, side by side. The
' incident seemed to appeal to the Presi
j dent. Emblazoned on the base of the
' monument were the words of the Presi
dent about the graves of the Confed
erate dead.
After the review a great crowd gath
ered about the stand, though a steady
rain was falling. Judge Emory Speer
j introduced the President, who delivered
i a short address.
The President's remarks were fre
quently interrupted by che«rs. Then
there were loud calls for General
j Wheeler, "Little Old Fighting Joe,"
as he was affectionately called. He re
sponded briefly.
General Shatter was next called and
spoke briefly.
The Presidential party was taken In
\ charge by the committee and driven
i about the city until it was time to take
! their departure for Augusta.
TO PROMOTE COMMERCE
AND INCREASE TRADE
Some Very Important Provisions Are
Made in the Hannan-Payne
Bill.
WASHINGTON, T>ec. 19.— The Hannan-
Payne bill us it will be reported to Con
gress is entitled "A bill to promote the
commerce and Increase the foreign trade
of the United States and to provide auxil
iary cruisers, transports and seamen for
Government use when necessary."
The first section provides a graduated
plan of compensation for all vessels in
foreign commerce flying the American
flag, from the slowest sailing vessel to
the steamships of 10,000 tons burden, cap
able of making twenty-three knots an
hour and upward.
Section 2 provides that at least one
fourih of the navigating crew must be
citisena of the United States. Section 3
provides Ipr speed tests. Section 4 pro
vides a bounty of $2 per ton for all vessels
engaged in the deep sea fisheries, requir
ing that at least one-third of the crew
be citizens of the I'nlted States.
Section 5 provides that a bounty of $1
per month be paid each oallor actually
engaged in the deep sea fisheries. Sec
tion 6 provides safeguards ror payments.
Sections 7. 8, 9 and 10 make a general pro
vision .similar to the Act of 1898, under
which the New York and Paris were ad
mit t*d to register and the St. Louis and
St. Paul were built, and may be extended
to all similar vessels owned by American
citizens.
Section 11 requires that a certain num
ber nf American boy apprentices shall be
carried on each American vessel and
taught the art of navigation. Section 12
provides that in time of war all vessels
under this act may be taken by the Gov
ernment and used as cruisers, transports,
etc.
Section 13 prevents all vessels bulit
under this act from participation in the
coast trade or fishing. Section 14 provides
that all vessels registered under the act
shall carry mails, if required, without
other compensation than that provided in
the act. It also provides for the cancella
tion of the present mail 1 contracts with
the American lines.
The bill, it is explained, provides the
same general system adopted in building
up the German, British and other foreign
lines. All of the foreign countries en
gaged in commerce, the proposers of the
bill state, maintain their lines by a sys
tem of compensation to a greater or less
extent; some of them extending the
system, as does this bill, to all merchant
marine registered under their flag.
Hawaiian Bill Considered.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The Hawaii
an bill was further considered by the
House sub-Committee on Territories, and
•progress was mad© which takes the com
mlttee up to section 15. The changes thus
far made have been largely in the way
of verbal amendments, and It is said that
nothing in the nature of a vital change
has occurred. As yet, however, the com
mittee has not passed upon the sections
relating to the qualifications of voters for
Representatives and Senators, and those
are expected to develop the widest dif
ferences.
AGNEWS BOARD DROPS
THE BAILEY AFFAIR
Decide Against an Investigation of
the Death of the Young
Woman.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19.— The Board of Man
agers of the Agnews Asylum met to-day
and awarded contracts for supplies for
the institution for the ensuing six months.
When this work was finished the board
went into executive session. White, who
wants a thorough investigation of the
asylum, brought up the question of pro
ceeding with the secret investigation of
Bessie Bailey's death. Last Thursday,
after adopting a resolution that the girl
came to her death frum natural causes,
the managers reopened the case at the
request of Dr. Stocking. It was to have
been taken up again to-day. At the se
cret session the case was discussed, but
no action was taken. Curnow, Upham
end Hale, the others present, were not
in favor of delving any further into asy
lum affairs.
After the meeting White stated he was
in favor of a full and open investigation
of the conduct of the officials and at
taches at Agnews.
The appointment of H. R. Selby, a son
of ex-Supervisor J. S. Selby, as carpenter
at Agnews •is causing a great deal of
talk. J. S. Selby was an independent can
didate for County Treasurer, and it is
stated he entered the fight only to help
J. A. Lotz, Baa's candidate. The appoint
ment of his son through Curnow is looked
upon as a reward for aid rendered the
"gang" by the father.
SERIOUS IMPORT OF
PRINCE VICTOR'S VISIT
His Presence in Paris Was Known,
hut the Government Feared
to Arrest Him.
LONDON, Dee. 19.— The Paris corres
pondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
"Prince Victor Napoleon's recent so
journ in Paris was of more serious im
port than was at first surmised. His
presence was known, but the Govern
ment did not arrest him because M.
Dupuy, the Premier, believed his ar
rest would be the signal for a coup
d'etat, and he knew that he could not
rely upon either the police or the troops
commanded by General Zurlinden.
"Prince Victor intends to come again
at Christmas and remain until the new
year, when he hopes the League of Pa
triots will be able to force a convoca
tion of the National Assembly."
REBELS SEIZE THE
TOWN OF CHANG Yl
They Have Massacred a French
Priest and One Hundred
Converts.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— According to a dis
patch from Shanghai the rebels have
seized the town of Chang Ti, fifty miles
southwest of Yinch, province of Hoo Po,
on the north bank of the Yang-tse-Kiang
Rivnr, two hundred miles above Chin-
Klan^-Foo.
They have massacred a French priest
atid a hundred converts.
CADWALLADER WILL
NOT SERVE TIME
Acquittal of the Alleged Bank-
Wrecker Who Was Kidnaped
at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Deo. 19.— A letter from In
diana to a frigid of C. JI. Cudwallador
in this city says Cadwallader was re
cently acquitted of the* charge of bank
wrecking in that State. Cadwallader is
the young man who was arrested here
by local officers and veld for an Indiana
Sheriff, and waa rushed out of the State
on a special engine to beat habeas corpus
proceedings. At Truckee a writ issued
By a Sacramento Judge was served on
the Sheriff, but he went on and made
fast time to his home town. The trial
lasted twenty-two days. It was the Un
ion City National Bank that the young
man was charged with having wrecked.
FOR A LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs made con
siderable progress on the Hull bill to in
crease the army. Some sharp opposi
tion was encountered to some provisions
of the bill, but the committee got be
yond sections 1 and 2, and the features
of these sections are considered settled.
The only party division was on the mo
tion of Hay of Virginia, that all troops
above 26,000 be confined to those required
for the foreign service, the Republicans
voting against it and the Democrats
for it.
Among the important provisions In the
sections passed Is that for one lieutenant
general.
In detail the organization in the sec
tions beyond which the committee has
passed is for an army consisting of one
lieutenant general, six major generals,
twelve brigadier generals, twelve regi
ments of cavalry, a corps of artillery and
thirty regiments of infantry, with the va
rious staff bureaus, thirty post chaplains,
the record and pension office, the retired
list and staff of the military academy.
Section 2 provides for the cavalry or
ganization into twelve troops formed of
twelve squadrons of four troops each.
BRYAN WRITES TO STEWART.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— W. J. Bryan
has written the following letter to Sen
ator Stewart:
; WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 19. 1898.
Hon. "W. M. Stewart, United States Senate—
My Dear Sir: I have Just read a dispatch from
Washington charging mo with unfriendliness to
you and friendliness to Congressman Newlands
in the pending Senatorial contest. I desire to
assure you that the above is entirely without
foundation. ,1 take it for granted that your
'State will select a silver man as Senator, but
1 have carefully avoided taking any part in the,
contest and have never expressed any prefer
em ■ : I assume that your people are able to
choose wirely and they will properly resent any
attempt upon my part to influence their action
or give advice. Believe me, very truly yours,
W. J. BRYAN.
CHOYNSXI GETS THE DECISION.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— Joe Choynski was
given the decision over Ed Dunkhorst of
Syracuse, N. V., to-night after six rounds
of fighting. Dunkhorst entwred the ring
weighing 230 pounds, while Choynski
weighed but 102. Choynaki throughout
the tight was able to land pretty much as
he liked, although the big man came
back now and then with some heavy
counters. It was practically impossible
for a man of Choynski's size to knock out
a giant like Dunkhorst, and all that was
left for him to do was to pepper him at
long range. The decision was easily
Choynski's.
FASHODA EVACUATED.
CAIRO, Dec. 19.— Major Marehand an,!
his party evacuated Fashoda during the
morning of December 11, when the
French flag was removed and the British
and Egyptian flags were hoisted. The
French detachment started for the Sobat
River.
Cruise of the Battleships.
Special t'uble to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Dec. 19.— The
United States battleships lowa and Ore
gon will sail from this port to-morrow
morning for Callao, where they will meet
the transports. Everything is going well
on board. The powerful ships have at
tracted much attention during their visit.
Yolo Teachers' Institute.
WOODLAND, Dec. 19.— The Teachers'
Institute convened in the M. E. Church
at 1:30 p. m. to-day. Owing to the in
clemency of the weather, the opening
session was not very largely attended.
The institute will be in session four days.
SECRET DOSSIER
NOW DEMANDED
Court of Cassation Has
So Ruled.
DISSENT OF THE DEPUTIES
OBJECTION TO GIVING UP ALL
THE DBEYFUS DOCUMENTS.
Failure of an Attempted Interpella
tion on the Alleged Indiscre
tions of the Brisson
Ministry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The
French Court of Cassa
tion, according to a spe
cial dispatch from Paris,
has demanded the secret
dossier, undertaking not
to publish its contents.
PARIS, Dec. 19.— There was a repeti
tion this afternoon of the now fa
miliar scenes in the Chamber of Depu
ties. M. L,ascies, anti-Semite, interpel
lated the Government on the subject of
the alleged indiscretions of the Brisson
Ministry in the Dreyfus affair. He ac
cused the former premier, M. Brisson,
of violating the constitution and vio
lently attacked the Court of Cassation,
whose president, M. Loews, he said,
was a brother of a German official. The
speech of M. Lascies elicited uproar
and protests.
The Minister of War, M, de Freyci
net, replied that he did not desire to
appear as wishing to influence the de
cision of the Court of Cassution. But,
the Minister added while willing to
submit to the court all the official docu
ments in his possession, he was jibso
lutely determined not to submiT the
secret batch of documents in the case,
which, he pointed out, contained papers
affecting the security of tho nation. He
added that if the house did not ap
prove of his attitude he was willing to
resign.
M. Lascies said he thought that un
der the circumstances the revision of
the Dreyfus trial was only a comedy,
and he thanked M. de Freycinet for
furnishing official confirmation of the
report that the secret I ~*fh O f docu
ments so frequently referred to really
existed. He then withdrew his interpel
lation.
The Chamber later discussed an In
terpellation by M. Miller relative to the
conditions upon which the secret dos
sier would be communicated to the
Court of Cassation, as, he cantended,
Unless the court was put in possession
of all the documents the whole ease of
revision was vitiated.
M. Dupuy, the Premier, replied that
unless a guarantee of absolute secrecy
was forthcoming the Government would
not communicate thepe documents to
the court. The Premier declared also
that it was impossible to show the
documents to the de/ense unless t}:e
Government were absolutely assured of
secrecy.
M. Brlsson said: "There is no docu
ment in the Dreyfus dossier that could
affect the security of the state. I ex
amined the entire dossier after the dis
covery of the Henry forgery and con
sidered them all spurious."
M. Cavaignac, former Minister of
War, interjected: "Yes, M. Brisson and
M. Sarrien examined the documents. I
thought it necessary to show them.
Afterward I offered to show M. Brisson
certain documents in the hands of Gen
eral Conzo, in which there were ele
ments of conviction, but M. Rrisson
thought it useless to examine Ihr.se."
After further debate, which became
of an animated character, the chamber
by a vote of 370 against 80 approved the
attitude of the Government.
*********
I HUDYAN I
******************
I CURES |
* ****************
j MAN. |
*********
THERE ARE SOME MEN WHO BELIEVE
* themselves so strong that they can resist
the powers of the Creator, These men are con-
stantly fighting nature. . They overload their
stomachs, overharass their, nerves, drink to' ex-
ce?B, smoke' to excess, or abuse themselves In
some form or other. The result. Is the same
in the end. - Abuse yourself and you are sura to
pay the penalty. It 1» this abusp that destroys.
Now, if this suits you take the advice of ex-
perienced men and seek a certain cure. Hud-
yan Is the sreat Remedy treatment. Hudyan
is certain. Hudyan cures varlcocele. partial
impotency, hdyrocele, falling; manhood. It has
been used by many, many men. and they have
sent in their testimonials. If you wish to read
them ' • "!' "■".'■
.. WRITE FOR TES TIMONIALS. ' ,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE'
BLOOD POISON. The flrat, secondary or
BLOOD POISON. tertiary form of blood
BLOOD TOISON. poison means much. If
BLOOD POISON. you are so afflicted th«
BLOOD rOIBON. 30-day ure Is what you
BLOOD POISON. need; 30-day circulars
BLOOD POISON.- -free. '.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
■ Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
/ San Francisco. Cal.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. "■:,
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
r Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Freo.
i Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
1899
BICYCLES.
C1eve1and....... |40.00
Crescent $25.00
crescent. ....... $35.00
NOW IN STOCK. :.;■".
PULL LINE OP JUVENILE $20.00
bi0y01e5.....^......-..:...: : $25.00
LEAVITT & BILL, :
309 Larkln St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A gift-hint for a student—
or for the home— Secretary
bookcase.
Taste runs to the plainly
rich designs— beautiful, wood,
polish, style— but you must
see them to judge.
' If you want to give her
something, "just for her own
sweet self," you'll find noth-
ing more apt than a dressing
table.- -••■■• '"- ■/..:•:■■ :-
Our showing is so com-
plete this year that we really
think no worthy sort is
wanting, and prices are more
than reasonable. . :
Open Evenings.
-
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE & CO.) Carpets
1 17- 123 Geary St. Mattings
!:1 ©xa^rj^us^x
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
r Caiitomla, OI the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the Btate of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner. .
, ' - CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash .., $1000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...;.. $379,200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages - 463 454 83
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by c0mpany....;.;.;.;. 1.313,480 00
Amount of loans, secured by pledge •<
, of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 160 689 14
Cash In company's office :; 692940
Cash in banks ....; * 85S|90< 61
Interest due and ' accrued on all" ' '
, stocks and loans 540 51
Interest . due and accrued on bonds ■
and mortgages.. .;' ;., ;.-. : 9,322 69
Premiums in due course of collection 196 533 27
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks. .i '.:.....'■' 33,689 45
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid...... 8,850 79
Warrants : '.1.....:....;.....:..... '-. 3,075 45>
Flre premium nQte8....,.......,,. 10,888 64
Total .a55et5................ $3,734,595 90
' . . • LIABILITIES. ■ v
-Losses adjusted and unpaid ■ $34,569 79
Losses'in process of adjustment or
in suspense ....; .*... v ~ 93,775 01
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 7,000 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, : $1,020,525 37;.
, reinsurance 50 per cent .. • 510.262 63
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,291, «• '
647 IS; reinsurance pro rata (37,268 11
Gross - premiums on marine and in-
. land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent '.. tJ,780 83
Gross premiums on : marine tlm«
risks, • reinsurance 50 per cent....... - 61.444 88
All other demands against the com-,
pany .........;. 113,149 91
. Total liabilities $1,481,251 15
■- - .. INCOME. ' •
Net . cash actually received for flre
;■ premiums 11.438,308 79
Net cash actually . received for .ma-.
rine premiums..... .•• ;.... 808,448 62
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages ••"•;•••;<*.- 29 16S 34
j Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
i all other sources 111.099 41
j Received for rents 25,107 50
Total income 51.912.123 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5..'..,..' $693,531 73
Net amount paid for- marine losses.. 229,742 58
Dividends to stockholders.: ;„.'. 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or -
. brokerage •■ •• 233,150 53
Paid for salaries, fees and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc.... * 209,712 OS
Paid for State, national and local '
taxes ••••• -...•■ . 41.294 48
All other payments and expend!-. -
tures, .., 174.121
Total expenditures $1,700,552 56
■;' ■ Fire. .. •- Marine.
Losses incurred during the
year .$713.596 02 $248,873 9«
Risks and Premiums. jFlre Risks. [Premiums.
amount of risks writ- .
ten during the year $167,331,860 $2,050,058 39
Net amount of risks ex- " -■.-,..-
plred during the y«%r.. .; 153,219,278 1.94S 78
Net amount in force De- .- -:. »v**is
■ cember 31. 1897 195.556,640 2.312.172 55
- . . Marine .
: Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ■■' - ~"
ten during, the year.... $65,031,020 > $514,678 <]
Net amount of risks ex- \- . .™
plred during the year.. 62.538,102 '483,148 09
Net amount In force De- -.
• cember 81. 1897... :....■•. 6,227.774t 13«,670 59
. WM.- J. DUTTON, Vice President
. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed and ! sworn to before me this 15th
day of January, 1898. ; M. M. RHORER.
- .. .• Deputy Insurance . Commissioner.
- '/^Sd^wey.strong &co;^g>.
'fc ."PATENTS'. II
Vn-^330 MARKET ST. S.F.^§£^HOBSON GETS
MANY KISSES
AT KANSAS CITY
Women of All Ages Join in the
Rush to Hug the Young
Naval Hero.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 19.— Lieutenant Richmond Pearson Hobson,
U. S. N., was the central figure in an osculatnry carnival at the
Coates Hotel this afternoon that clearly overshadowed any of the
kissing affairs in which the gallant Alabaman has figured since his
return from more serious duties at Santiago.
When Lieutenant Hobson
arrived from Chicago at 2
o'clock this afternoon, he was
cheered by several hundred
persons who had gathered at
the railway station. A recep
tion committee awaited with
carriages and along the route
from the station to his hotel
the hero of the Merrimac was
recognized and cheered. The
streets in the vicinity of the
hotel were crowded. In the
corridor of the hotel, sup
ported by the local reception
committee. Lieutenant Hobson
received and shook hands with
several hundred men.
The more exciting part of
it came a few minutes later,
when the lieutenant was es
corted to the parlors on the
second flooor, where over 400
women, young, old, handsome
and plain, awaited to greet the
popular hero. Most of them
came to be kissed, and 267 of
them, by actual count, were
not disappointed. Some of the
more matronly of them re
ceived a cordial handshakeand
were passed up the line, but
the most of them who showed the least inclination were embraced
and kissed.
To-night Lieutenant Hobson divided honors with Major General
Adna R. Chaffee, they being the guests of honor at the annual ban
quet of the Kansas City Commercial Club. General Chaffee. who has
been in the city for several days, responded to the toast. "The Fifth
Army Corps in Cuba." Lieutenant Hobson spoke to the toast, "The
American Navy."
After the banquet Lieutenant Hobpon departed for Denver on the
fast mail train of the Santa Fe service, en route to San Francisco
and Manila.
GRAIN AND GRASS
MUCH BENEFITED
Showers Fall Through-!
out the State.
IMPETUS TO GROWING CROPS
FARMERS ENCOURAGED BY THE
OUTLOOK.
Reports From Many Sections of Cali
fornia Indicate That the
Storm Has Not Yet
Spent Itself.
Special Dispatch to The Oall.
STOCKTON, Dec. 19.— Rain began
falling about 3 o'clock this morning and
continued steadily for about three i
hours. During the day there were oc- I
casional showers. Up to 11 o'clock this
morning the gauge showed the rainfall i
to be .41 of an inch. The weather is I
quite threatening, however, and more |
rain is looked for before the storm j
ceases. Farmers are much pleased I
with the prospects for a big crop. |
Their confidence is shown in the way |
they are making purchase-: for Christ
mas gifts. Since the rain of last Wed- !
nesday there has been no sunshine, j
Fog prevailed from Wednesday until j
yesterday, when clouds settled over the
valley. With Wednesday's rain the
dampness of the fog and to-day's rain
the grain in the valley will get a good j
start.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 19.— Last night j
the Sacramento Valley had another
generous downpour of rain and farmers
will have no cause for the blues at
Christmas time. The fall of rain in I
this city from 12 o'clock last night to j
9:30 this morning amounted to .60 of
an inch. The rainfall for this month j
bo far is 1.20 inches, making for this j
season 2.81 inches as against 4.38 inches
to an equal date last year. The a\ »r- j
age rainfall for December during the
past fifty years was about 4.50 inches. |
Sacramento has not yet had half as i
much as the usual average rainfall. ■
The greatest amount ever known to j
have fallen in December was 13.40
inches, in 1852. No ran fell in Decem
ber. 1876.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19.— Rain has
DOt yet fallen here, though the weather
conditions to-day are unsettled and
Fhowers are predicted for to-night. In
this county ranchers are unable to do
anything toward seeding for next
year's crop until rain comes, though
other counties of Southern California
have been more fortunate; and while
there has not been rain enough for
every purpose, the fields have been pre
pared on many places and seed put in.
Fruit trees are suffering for water.
MODESTO. Dec. 19.— Rain began to
fall early this morning and .32 of an
Inch fell to-day. The sky is still
cloudy and the wind from the rainy
quarter. Since the rain of last week
th* weather has been foggy and all the,
moisture has been retained in the
ground. The total for the week's rain
has been .65 of an inch and the total
for the season LB3 inches. The rain
was general in Stanislaus County.
SONOMA. Dec. iy.— The second in
stallment of rain was given to this val
ley last night ;m<l it has continued to
fall all day. This rainfall will do a
vast amount of good to farmers and
dairymen. It insures plenty of feed for
stock and a prosperous season for
every one in Sonoma Valley
SANTA ROSA. Dec. ' 19.— Sonoma
County has been thoroughly drenched
5T < li Sp i fe !? dld rain. it commenced
Fhor tly before midnight and continues.
It will start grain and feed and enable
farmers to plow. Cloverdale. Healds
burg, Sonoma, Petaluma, Guerneville
Sebastopol and Windsor districts re
port a heavy fall.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. lft.-The most
beneficial rain of the season visited
luba and Sutter counties last night
and to-day. The precipitation to this
evening was .90 of an inch. The pros-
THE LATEST PHONOGRAPHIC TRIUMPE
[Reproduced from Life.]
QUARREL OVER
DICE FOLLOWED
BY A FIGHT
Private Henry of the Marine
Corps Dangerously Wounded
at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Deo. 19. — A disgraceful affray occurred here early this
morning between Joe Curran, proprietor of Old Ketchum's place in
the tenderloin district, and Private Henry of the United States Ma
rine Corps, in which a lead pipe and a pistol were used. The trouble
originated over a dice game. Without warning Curran drew a pistol
from his pocket and commenced shooting at the sailor. Henry seized
a piece of lead pipe and a terrible struggle ensued.
The men wrestled each other to the floor, Curran using the butt
end of his revolver and the marine wielding the lead pipe. The ma
rine received what may prove fatal injuries. His head was cut open
in several places and one bullet grazed his cheek. Curran was badly
wounded.
Dr. Turner was summoned and found Henry in an unconscious
condition, very weak from loss of blood. His wounds were dressed.
It is impossible to tell the extent of his injuries. He was removed
to the Naval Hospital at noon. Curran's wounds are considered not
dangerous.
The affair was not surprising to the residents of Vallejo. For
years Old Ketchum's place has been classed as a dangerous resort
and an eyesore to the naval city. Just who was in the wrong can
not be ascertained, but Curran will undoubtedly be placed under aF
rest and held until the extent of the sailor's wounds are known.
District Attorney Devlin was on his way to the county seat when no
tified that the affray had occurred. He returned to Vallejo with
all possible speed and has been busy investigating the case. '
pects are for more rain to-night. Many
farmers are already plowing.
WALNUT CREEK, Dec. 19.— Rain
has fallen all over San Ramon Valley
since early this morning. The precipi
tation amounted to about .75 of an inch.
SUISUN, Dec. 19.— A soaking down
pour commenced early this morning
and continued during the day.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 19.— Rain fell
throughout San Mateo County last
night and part of to-day. The indica
tion" to-night are for more rain.
ANGELS CAMP, Dec. 19.— Rain com
menced to fall at an early hour this
morning and continued at intervals
during the day. Reports from the
mountains state that it has rained and
snowed to a great extent during the
last twenty-four hours. It is expected
many mines now idle will resume oper
ation.
ANDERSON, Dec. 19.— A heavy rain
fell last night and it is raining hard
to-night, with prospects for an all
night rain, (lood crops are assured.
WOODLAND. Dec. 19.— Rain began
to fall in gentle showers shortly after
midnight this morning. It has rained i
intermittently ever since. The wind is
in the southeast and ordinarily the in
dications would be considered good for
a general storm. Notwithstanding the
signal service predictions that the
weather will clear up on Tuesday, the
farmers, fruit growers and other busi
ness men are much encouraged with
the outlook. At S o'clock this morninc j
the prcipltation for the shower amount
ed .43 of an inch, making 2.93 inches
for the season.
NAPA, Dec. 19.— The rainfall in Naoa
up to 7 o'clock this morning amounted
to half an inch as measured by the |
gauge at the depot. At a corresponding
date last year the total was 4.46 inches.
The total for this year is now 3.29
inches. At Callstoga there was auite
a heavy rain during the night. .72 of an
inch being the record there at fi o'clock
this morning. A heavy mist has been
falling all day. There is every indica
tion for more rain to-night.
MILTON, Dec. 19. — Rain commenced
falling here last night, accompanied by
a strong wind from the southeast. At
noon about one inch had fallen, and
as the wind still blows strongly from
the rainy quarter a continuation of the
storm is expected. A large acreage has
been seeded and in many places grain
is up and growing nicely.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 19.— Rain fell in
gentle showers all day.
Ladles 1 tailor-made suits. Pur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Butter St., r. « and 1.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
TANNER THANKED
IN FEDERATION
Approval of His Action in
Not Calling Troops.
INTERESTING RESOLUTIONS
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP OF
TELEGRAPH LINES FAVORED.
Typographical Union Claims to Have
Won an Important Victory
in the Labor Con
vention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 19.— The Amerl.
can Federation of Labor opened the
{ second week of its annual convention
to-day with many resolutions still un
passed upon. To-day there was shown
a desire to hurry through with the
convention's business, and speechmak
ing was left for another time.
One of the resolutions was for Gov
ernment ownership of a system of tele
graph lines and the adoption of the
postal telegraph system was favored.
John M. Hanter, president of the
United Mine Workers of Illinois, shook
the convention up by reviewing the
strike at Yirden, where the strikers
only obtained a victory after a battle
and bloodshed. He thanked Governor
Tanner for not calling out troops to
protect the mine-owners.
The executive council was instructed
to petition President McKinley for the
pardon of E. W. Clarke, who is serving
a life sentence at Thomaston, Me.
Clarke was one of the crew of the ship
Jefferson Borden, which mutinied be
tween New Orleans and Liverpool and
murdered the ship's mate in 1576.
Three of the crew were arrested and
one, an Englishman, receiving assist
ance from the British Government, got
off with a ten-year sentence. Clarke
and a sailor named Miller were sent
to jail for life. Miller died and Clarke
is an imbecile. A plea will be made
for his pardon.
The federation struck from its con
stitution the 2 cents per capita tax for
support of striking organizations. This
was done because of the difficulty en
countered in collecting the tax and for
the reason that it has been the means
of disappointing many striking bodies
COMMITS SUICIDE
WITH DYNAMITE
Illinois Youth Places a Stick of
the Explosive Under Him
and Touches It Off.
JOLIET, 111.. Dec. 19.— Because he and his father could not agree {
David Brown, a young farmer living near Mazon, to-day placed a <
stick of dynamite under himself and touched it off. <
The lad had been using dynamite in blowing out stumps on his <
father's farm. He came up from the field, it is said, and engaged his i
father in an altercation. Their difference was not adjusted satisfac- <
torily and after dinner the boy went back, to work. He selected a <
large stick of dynamite, and, having carefully adjusted it under him, i
lighted the fuse. His remains were picked up in different parts of (
the lot. j
i
who expected help that never came.
The report of the ec-mmittee which
wu against action on the question of
jurisdiction in the Typographical case
Until the result of the I. T. U. refer- !
endum should be announced on Janu- ;
ary l, 1899, and suggesting conciliation, |
was finally adopted with but three dls- j
senting votes.
Samuel B. Donnelly of New York, j
president of the International Typo
graphical Union, who led the fight
against the machinists and fought for i
the adoption of the committee reso
lution, claims the vote to be a victory
for the union.
Homicide at Hedges.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 19.— The Coroner and I
District Attorney have received a brief j
message from Ogllby, in this county. I
stating that a homicide has occurred at j
Hedges mining camp, fourteen miles from |
Yuma. The dispatch stated that there
had been a shooting and stabbing affray
and that one man was dead and two men
had been arrested. Beyond these no de
tails were given. 1
HOLDAY OR NO
HOLIDAY, THEY
MUST CONVENE
VIEWS ON THE OPENING OF
THE LEGISLATURE
Members of the Legal Fraternity Unani
mous in Their Interpretation of
the Constitution.
ACCORDING to the opinions of I
some of the leading attorneys
and jurists of this city there is
no possible doubt that the Leg
islature not only will but must
begin its session on Monday, January
2, despite the fact that this day is a
legal holiday.
Some of the individual opinions ex
pressed are as follows:
Robert Y. Hayne —
"Section 2 of article IV of the constitution of
1579 provides that "the -sessions of the legis
lature shall commence at 12 o'clock m. on the
first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members.'
Without having made a critical examination
of this question it would seem to me to be
plain that the session should commence on the
second of January. The first day of January Is
Sunday; 'tho first Monday alter the first 'lay of
January' would be Monday. Unless there is
something in the constitution which says that
the Legislature shall not meet on a holiday the
above proposition would Bean to me to be ab
solutely clear. You have not called my at
tention to any provision that the Legislature
shall nut meet on a holiday and 1 have not
time to look for any such provision. I do not
think that the provisions of the codes could
override the constitution or that they were
intended to dn so. Of course you will under
stand I Just Rive you my offhand opinion, as
I have not studied the question critically."
Garret McEnerney —
"There Is no question that the cessions of the
Legislature mui-t and shall commence at noon
on the first Monday after the first day of
January succeeding the election. The mere
fact that that first Monday should happen to
be a holiday would, under the constitution, cut
no figure. I have not made a special study of
; thls point, but I am satisfied that 1 am right."
D. J. Murphy —
"You take me at a disadvantage In asking
me for an offhand opinion as to the effect ot
section 2, article IV, of our constitution, pro
viding for the first meeting of the Legislature.
It is a subject which I have not given any
serious thought to, but I will give you my
views. Now, It seems* to me, the language of
that section is very plain and speaks in an un
mistakable manner as to when the Legislature
shall moot. It will be admitted that Sunday
1r the first day of January, and that Monday
following is the second day of January, hence
If we are to give the language of section 2 Its
fair ordinary meaning, it is clear that the Leg
islature should meet on the second of January,
at 12 o'clock m. The provision of this section
is mandatory and so plain that the question r>(
construction does not come in. It Is perhaps
well to call your attention to another provision
of the constitution, which I think is anala
gous to the one under consideration. Section
2. article VI, of the constitution, provides that
the Supreme Court 'shall always be open for
the transaction of business,' and. as I remem
ber, our Supreme Court has held In accordance
with that provision that that court is always
open for the transaction of business on Sun
days, holidays and all other days. Tn Show
that the framers of the constitution intended
that that court should always be open, we
may look at section E of the same article which
relates to the Superior Courts, and that i-ec
tion provides, speaking of the Superior Courts,
"they shall always be open' (legal holidays and
non-Judicial days excepted). Thus it will be
seen that while the constitution provides that
the Supreme <^ourt shall always be open, it ex
empts the Superior Court from transacting
Judicial business on holidays and on non-Ju
dlclal days. I therefore think, for these rea
sons, that the Legislature should convene and
meet at 12 m. on Monday. January 2. The
constitutional provisions herein referred to re
lating to the courts are substantially re-enacted
in sections 47 and 73 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure. I am not aware of any legislative act
that attempts in any manner to interfere with
the constitutional provision as to the meeting
of the Legislature, and even If such an act
did exist. I think it would be unconstitutional
as In conflict with section 2 of article IV."
T. Carl Spelling —
"Without looking into the matter, I would say
that the Legislature, being the supreme law
making power, may meet on the day fixed by
the constitution, and if the existing statute be
in the way of the validity of Its acting, which
I do not believe, it may on that day repeal or
amend such statute for the occasion. This,
while not Impossible, is scarcely practicable,
owing to the necessary time required to organ
ize. They must meet on the first Monday or
not meet at all, according to both the consti
tution and the statute."
Matt Sullivan—
"The opinion on the subject expressed In to
day's Call is correct. Section 2 of article IV of
the constitution is mandatory. "The nrovisinns
of this constitution are mandatory and prohib
itory unless by express words they are declared
to rw otherwise. 1 (Art. IV, Sec. 22, Const. Cal.)
If the framers of ti.e constitution intended to
postpone the opening of the legislative session
In the event of the first Monday after the first
day of January next succeeding the election of
Its members falling upon a legal holiday, they '
would have inserted In our organic law
a provision to that effect. Xot having
done so. section 2, article IV, Is sus
ceptible of but one construction. There
Is nothing In any of our codes or statutes pro
| hlbitlng the Legislature from meeting on the
I first Monday after the first day of January if
i said Monday happens to be a holiday. If tnpre
I were such a legislative enactment it would be
unconstitutional and void, becau:e the consti-
I t-.itinn is tli° paramount law of the State. Holi
| days are not fixed or ueflned by the oonstitu-
I tlon. The Legislature has nV> authority to
j nullify the mandatory provision? of section 2,
i article IV, of the constitution, which requires
the Legislature to meet on the first Monday
after the first day of January, by making that
Monday in the year 1899 a legal holiday. The
! Legislature has the right to and should con
vene at 12 m. on Monday, January 2, 1899."
I M. C. Hassett —
"I think the provisions of the constitution
are mandatory and that the Legislature should
meet on the first Monday In January. The
constitution was framed as the organic law by
which and through which the government of
the State is conducted. It says the Legislature
shall meet on the first Monday in January, and
that mandate must lie obeyed."
John E. Richards —
"I have read your article entitled 'Legal Knot
for Lawmakers,' and while the question it
presents might puzzle the minds of some of
the makers of our laws. It will not Drove a
difficult one for lawyers to untie. The State
constitution takes no note of holidays. Its pro
vision as to when the Legislature shall con
. vene Is mandatory, and properly bo, In order to
I avoid such confusion as your article euggests.
Holiday* are the creation of the Legislature,
and their time and number are prescribed in
i the Codes. It requires no argument to show
that the plain provisions of the constitution
designating the day and even the hour when
the Legislature must convene cannot be modi
fied nor in any manner affected by a statute.
The constitution might have provided that the
Legislature should convene upon the first day
of January or the fourth of July, or any other
day which might have been previously or which
might he thereafter set apart by statute as a
legal holiday. The precise command of th» con
stitution must, of course, prevail, and any at
tempt to postpone the day designated for the
election of a t'nited States Senator upon such
a pretext would be nothing less thnn a gross
violation of the express mandate of the organic
law."
George W. Monteith—
"The constitution being lex suprema is abso
lute, and the constitution does not recognize
the existence of holidays in a case of this kind.
Many years ago the question came up at a
time when the fourth of March fell on Sunday.
I think it occurred during Monroes administra
tion, and Chief Justice Marshal was appealed
to, and he took the ground that th> constitu
tion should be obeyed, but that it was not the
puri-ose of the constitution to compel the per
formance of a secular act upon Sunday, and he
therefore held that the inauguration of the
President should take place on the fifth day of
March, which was Monday. But that "rule
which he applied to Sunday would not apply
to any other holiday. The statutory holidays
outside of Sundays include New Year's day,
and while I am satisfied if the constitu
tion Bet the first day of the year, that, follow
ing Chief Justice Marshall'! decision, Monday
would be the day, a fortiori where the consti
tution specifies Monday without any qualifica
tion whatever, it must be held that it means
what it says, and that the Legislature must
meet on the second day of January."
Judge S. C. Denson —
"The setting of a holiday is a Legislative
enactment and cannot affect a constitutional
provision. 1 cannot see what will prevent the
Legislature from meeting January 2, IVJ3 Sec
tion 2, article 4. Is mandatory and th<? Politi
cal Code follows the direction of the Constitu
tion. Section 10 of the Code of Criminal Pro
cedure establishes holidays on every Sunday,
January- 1. February 22, May 30, July 4, Septem
ber 30, first Monday in September. December 25,
general election days and Thanksgiving days,
the last two days being designated by the
President or Governor. Section 11 of the Code
of Political Procedure says If January 1 Feb
ruary 22. July l, December 25, fall upon Sun
day, the following Monday is the holiday. Sec
tion 134 of the same code says no court shall
open on these holidays nor shall any judicial
business be transacted on the holidays or on
Sundays. This only refers to Judicial' business
and not the Legislative. There are, however,
exceptions to this, for a court may give in
structions to a Jury or receive the verdict of
a jury and engage in a few other matters in
its criminal business on holidays. Besides be
ing In accordance with the Constitution the
Legislature has fixed the time of its own meet
ing in section 235 of the Political Code. The
Legislature has not attempted to change the
constitutional provision and could not do so It
it should attempt such a thing. I think that
body will meet January 2. UM and will be
clearly In the right in doing bo."
General J. H. Dickinson —
"We will meet January 2, ISM, holiday or no
holiday. The Constitution says the Legislature
shall meet on that day and I know of no rea
son why it should not. Holidays cut no figure
at all. Of course if a working majority of the
members vote to adjourn early and go out to
eat Turkey, possibly they will do ho. I don't
Imagine there is a prohibitory clause in the
Political or Civil Code to prevent such a pro
ceeding. I have served in the California Leg
islature through holidays and nobody offered
to object."
Eugene F. Bert —
"There is nothing to prevent the Legislature
from meeting January 2 simply because the
public choose to observe that day as a New
Year's holiday. The wording of the Constitu
tion is r)Jain on the subject."
Andrew Clunie —
"All Legislative enactments are clearly In the
line of the Constitution, which sign!ne« when
the Legislature should meet. If a holiday
happens to fall on the second of January there
would be nothing to prevent a Legislature from
working on that day."
Hon. R. P. Ashe —
"I' believe that it was the Intention of the
Legislature to meet January 2 '599 as there
was no legal reason why It should not do so
A Legislature is not a court and cannot be
prevented from certain Judicial proceedings on
a legal holiday."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
i California's Congressmen Working
Hard to Retain Protection for
Raisins and Currants.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— Senator Per
kins to-day introduced a resolution pro
viding for a division of mines and mining
in the United States Geological Survey.
Representative Barham has already in
troduced in the House a bill creating a
Bureau of Mines and Mining. It is
thought that the object of this bill may
be attained by Senator Perkins' resolu
tion and at a great saving- of expense to
the Government.
Senator Perkins to-day received from
California samples of seedless raisins and
Zante currants, which he has handed to
Reciprocity Commissioner Kasson. These
currants come into direct competition
with similar fruits of the Mediterranean.
It is practically settled th\t reciprocity,
so far as it relates to these fruits, will
not be pushed to a conclusion, but the
California delegation are not relaxing
their efforts for its defeat.
Senator Perkins and Representative
Barham have prepared a bill which will
be introduced in both Senate and House
of Representatives to-morrow providing
for extending alien labor laws of the
United States over Hawaii.
Representative Barlow to-day introduced
a bill granting certain lands in California,
known as the San Gabriel timber reserve, I
for a right of way and the necessary sta
tions to the Pasadena and Mount Wilson
Railway Company.
Representative Loud introduced a bill
correcting the military record of Captain
Herman yon Worthern.
Representative Loud to-day received
word from the War Department that
John M. Switzer of the First California
Reuiment, now at Manila, had been dls-
Charged from the service. Mr Switzer" is
a graduate of Stanford University and
has received an appointment in the pos
tal service at Manila.
Pensions have been granted as follows: '
Original— John J. Halsey. Soldiers' Home, !
Los Angeles, $S; Charles E. Carroll, San
Francisco, $6. Increase— John Young. Sol- |
diers" Home, Los Angeles, $10 to $12.
Washington: Original— Daniel O. Durke,
Seattle, $6: George. W. Hoyt, Manor. $G.
Original widows, etc. — Sarah E. Price,
Elma, $8.
Oregon: Original— William S. Runyan,
Clackamas, $6. Reissue and increase-
Joseph Winn, Independence, $8 to $10.
BOLIVIA'S PRESIDENT
WILL MARCH ON LA PAZ
LIMA, Peru, via Galveston, Texas, Dec.
19.— The President of Bolivia, Senor Alon
zeo, at the head of 200 men. Is preparing
to march against thY capital. La Paz,
which is in the hands of the revolution
ists. The latter are preparing for resist
ance and an important engagement is ex
pected to take place.
Suing for Commissions.
STOCKTON, Dec. 19.— County Treasurer
Kerrick. acting on the advice of Con
troller Colgan, did not make his settle
ment with the State to-day owing to the
question raised about the legal fees and
THE EMPORIUM.- | THE - EMPORIUM. •
**¥* ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^¥ll^^¥^¥l^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^
': • .: . . .*
•••• ■ • 4
The Rainy- Shopping Place. %
it's Time to Be \
in a Hurry — i
# *
Five days more — that's all — then *
Christmas. What if it does rain? Don't S
every car line in the city bring or transfer t
you to the door of the Emporium? Is there J
anything you can think of for a Holiday Gilt J
that is not to be found here— under this one J
roof? You can stay here ait day *
and have every comfort and j
convenience. «
PARLORS with free writ- INFORMATION BUREAU, J
ing materials. 8i vin g free an informa- . J
TELEPHONES ? on abou^ c ore c^y» *
TFT FPT? -\PH OFFTPF train and steamboat tiraes - J
TELEGRAPH OFFICE. pREE pARCEL CHECK «
POSTOFFICE. ING> . J
NURSERY for the Restaurant— m oder a t c J
Children. prices — best service. SJ
Open Every Evening t
Until Christmas. S
'*fflMiJ^ (ftoksacßiiitiile Bazaar.
commissions to be allowed county offi
cers for collecting moneys for the State.
A suit was commenced here a few days
ago to collect from the State $46.<X»U
claimed to be due as excess of moneys
paid into the treasury during the past
four fiscal years.
MRS. HEARST BUYS A
SPLENDID ART WORK
Has Purchased and Will Bring to i
America D'Epinay's Bust of
Jeanne d'Arc.
Special Cable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyright ed, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Dec. 19.— France has lost an op
portunity to keep a remarkable art work,
and, as usual, America has seized it.
Mrs. Fhebe Hearst has bought Prosper
d'Epinay's marble bust of Jeanne d'Arc,
her Intention being to present It to the
Washington Museum after it has been
publicly exhibited in New York for a
short time.
During the last month the most distin
guished personalities in Paris have ad
mired unreservedly the bust, where M. !
d'Eplnay has realized the marvelously
strange union of mysticism and martial
ardor that makes the Maid of Orleans one
of the most attractive and enigmatical
figures in French history. The Grand
Dukes Vladimir and Alexis paid more
than one visit.
The bust is to be taken from the studio
to-morrow, packed and be sent direct to
New York, probably on Saturday.
The suggestion is made that M. d'Epi
nay enlarge his equestrian statue to
colossal proportions, so that it might be
placed on the little hill at Domremy,
Jeanne d'Arc's birthplace. The Duchess
de Chevreuse and several other grandes I
dames are said to be willing to take '
place at the head of a committee to re
ceive subscriptions for casting the statue. I
When the hdge monument is completed it
would be offered to the French nation.
FRANCHISE EXTENSION
ORDINANCE KILLED
Mayor Harrison Scores a Victory
Against the Chicago Stre«t
Railway Company.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— 8y a vote of 32 to
31 the Council to-night referred all pend
ing ordinances relating in any way to
the extension of traction franchises to
the committee on City Hall, jocularly
known among the Aldermen as the
"boneyard," from which it wul never >c
reported. Thus Mayor Harrison scores
the first knockdown in the fight between
the reform element, led by himself, and
the traction companies, led by Yerkes. So
far as the latter is concerned, the fight
will be fought over again.
The vote to-night surprised both sides.
Harrison believing he had a majority of
8 or 10 on the question, while the traction
people were confident they had enough
I to pass the ordinance.
The chamber was crowded with inter
j ested spectators, but owing to the per
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO O 000 0000000000000 OO 0000000000000
o ' ■ ./■■.-..■-..-• '■■•■'■■.■-.■■•■ o-
! WEAK, NERVOUS MEN! |
o 7 : _ _ o
o r-\ tifo Electricity Will Cnre Yon— -It c
o jKil JW Is Nerve Life— lt Cures %
oo^ t^^^^ When DrOgS Fai1 ' i
l\ vy.t «V^ I T^Wr The nervous system controls ,the n
O £»; y^y*' VV whole vital organization. The vigor **
O *( '' \V.^4 of every vital part comes through the O ;
O Vk i '1/ A nerves, hence whf^n they are exhausted. O
_ \J ' i l^- 1 \ s there is a general weakness of every q
*^ .'G-^V \ \\ Vl • organ of the body. Medicine, as the
O .. \ \ I?* fit thousands of failures in that line prove, **-.
O % W / It will not give any permanent relief. ®
q h \ I // Electricity, which is nerve life, will O
« ,' v " ' iff cure.. , . ..^ ... °
o 1% My Electric Belt Cared Him.' g
® . /II | M'.'*~£ CHLORIDE. Arizona. Dec. 13. IS9S. q ;
O " I Hi -■ ..Dear Sir: It is with pleasure that 3 I say .■*'-!
Oil //«_ ' your Belt has given entire satisfaction - and O.
w ■ ■ - \fl\V ''■ completely cured me of nervous : troubles. Sin- «
Q -^f? V fa* cerely, . , C.C.LOMBARD. v
o "Three Classes of Men." ©
3 Every man who lacks in any of the elements which go to make com- ft
O plete manly power should" read this book. It is free. It is full of sen- '"•
q sible -truths, such truths as will appeal to intelligent seekers for aid to O
n . the nervous system and its parts. Call and test this famous Belt. See O
**.- its thousands of cures and try it. Consultation free. q"
j DR. A. T. SANDEN, *— — — — -— * O
O 702 Ktrktt Street, Corner Ke&rny, Sin rr»««i«eo. NOT IN DRUG STOBES. q
O -Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 '. _ _ . "! „, -_. "„,' j :-■ 3
C. to 1. : Branches at Los Angeles.. Cal.. 232 West ,; . , Dr - Sanden s Electric Belt O
w Becond >*treet: Portland, Or., 253 Washington »B» B "« ver BOld , n dru f stor f s I n "
O etreet: Denver, Colo.. . 931 Sixteenth street; nor . by traveling agents; only O ;
O Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. at our otnce. O
110 North Main street. - . *- ■ : — * _ :
O : -- ■-■- "-':■ '-" ;' ~? ' ■' ' .' ■- " ■■'-'.'■- ''■■•:■- °.-
000000000000000000000000000000000000
fection of the police regulations better
order was maintained than a week ago
to-night. A seditious circular secretly
distributed some time between sunset last
night ami daylight this morning, calling
for a mob to gather at the City Hall,
caused Chief Klpley to be particularly
alert in patrolling the downtown district,
but the public excitement has died out
and the mob didn't materialize.
CLAIMS HE FIRED
IN SELF DEFENSE
James Moss Shoots and Fatally
Wounds Matt Brannan, a Car
son Athlete.
CARSON, New, Dec. 19.— There was
a shooting affair this afternoon at what
; is known as the "110" house, occupied
;by Esther Coronado. Matt Braniyin, a
i local athlete, was probably fatally
j wounded by James Moss, who formerly
( was employed at the Briggs House. The
j bullet struck Brannan in the abdomen.
JHe was taken to the Sheriff's office,
| where a hurried examination of the
wound was made by Dr. Guinan. Bran
nan was removed to his mother's home
|in a very serious condition. Moss
■ started at once for the Sheriff's office
and gave himself up.
The trouble originated at a fire which
took place about twelve hours previous
ly, when Esther Coronado was taken
out unconscious from a burning
building. After the fire Moss took
charge of the woman and was trying
jto restore her. This seemed to anger
I Brannan and he made insulting re-
I marks regarding Moss and the woman.
j Moss took her to "110" and was there
I caring for her, when, according to his
: story, James Barrett, Jerry Connolly
; and Matt Brannan came in and tried
j to force the door of the room he was
i in. Moss protested, and after a few
words Brannan struck him in the face
and he shot in self-defense.
Miss said at the jail that Brannan,
j Connolly and Barrett had been after
i him some time looking for a row, and
I he carried a revolver with which to
j defend himself. Brannan, when he
; came in, jumped at him and struck him
j over the eye. There is a black and blue
! spot on his fe".ce where he was struck.
Deputy Sheriff Knoblock said that on
1 Sunday Moss had told him that he ex
j pected trouble with Brannan, Barrett
i and Connolly, and was obliged to arm
himself in order to stand them off.
Brannan says that if he dies it will
!be cold-blooded murder. He is still
: alive, but sinking.
Russia Orders Ten Destroyers.
LONDON. Dec. 20.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Mail says: The
Russian Government has ordered ten new
destroyers for the Pacific squadron, to be
completed within two years.
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER 20, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 1» |
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WA6HINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Klfefca Hou»e
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open unt;l 9SO o'clock- 387 l"!cyes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 62! McAllister street, open ur>tll 9:30
>'c!ock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
isAl Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- -06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 0 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, the Contractor."
A icazar— "Humbug."
Ttvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf.'*
Moroßco's — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Cornedy — "A Bunch of Keys."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Ingleglde Race Track— Races To-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday. Dec, 21. at 327 Sixth street,
at 11 a. m.. Road Carts, Horses, etc.
CORRUPTION ON DISPLAY.
THE time has come for a protest against the
crowds who go to the Botkin trial. So un
speakably filthy are the proceedings that re
porters, accustomed as they are to every phase of lite,
would fain escape the fetid ordeal. Nevertheles
courtroom is thronged daily, and among the specta
tors are women and girls. The admission must be
made with astonishment and shame. These females,
if they wholly lack the decency belonging to their sex.
if they are without a sense of modesty to which to
appeal, should be driven away by the clubs of the
police. With necks craned and ears alert to catch
every salacious bit, these brazen harpies constitute a
spectacle at which humanity blushes.
Yesterday the man Dunning was on the stand. It
lias been said that he is a degenerate, and he is prov
ing the estimate correct. According to his story he
it. without conscience or suggestion of moral quality.
He told n( orgies so debased as to be almost beyond
I clief, and in which he was a participant. Unscathed
and unblanching he betrayed his associates. Finally,
some latent spark of manhood within him being
touched, he refused to reveal his partners in other
intrigues. He is in jail for contempt now — contempt
of court merely — but it he had senses to realize with,
he would know that seldom has a creature been
dragged from the slums into the light and made a
figure so contemptible as himself, and a normal im
pulse would be to ask for the darkest cell, slink into
the darkest corner of it. and pray for death.
Dunning says that San Francisco is on a low moral
plane. Perhaps it is. It tolerated him for a time,
Mid it can still produce petticoated freaks who will
listen while he details a depravity so foul that the soul
shrinks from him, and the mind wonders that such a
degenerate can exi=t and move among men.
KISSING AS A BUSINESS.
WITH all respect for the memory of Hobson's
valiant deed, it must be remarked that by the
aid of divers women the young officer is rap
idly changing into a star spangled ass.
When the kissing business is carried to an extreme
it becomes disgusting. To place a respectful salute
upon the chaste lips of beauty is ever a delight, but
merely to smack each female in a long procession
filing by with mouths pursed and heads perked for
promotion of the oscillatory riot is another thing.
The kiss bestowed under the calcium glare loses its
charm; given for the joying of the gallery, it becomes
a spectacle at the which strong men shudder.
Several ladies have declined to kiss Hobson. Their
names should be writ large. They are not hysterical,
slobbery, hero worshipers, but give evidence of hav
ing been blessed with sense and modesty. Hobson
was once given credit for similar attributes, but his
judgment seems to have oozed from him. He has
caught the infection of foolishness.
Such promiscuous kissing recalls the theory of mi
crobes, which asserts that organisms, concealed
within the mouth, spring forth when another mouth
gets too close, carrying with them all manner of ills.
If the microbe theory is correct, Hobson will sweep
across the country like a plague. From the Atlantic
to the mid-West he has been harvesting the microbes,
and as he gathers them, so must he scatter. In the
rosebud of the garden lurks the worm, and in the
labial rosebud there may lurk the germ of phthisis,
dyspepsia, disordered liver. Let Hobson beware.
He is doing the country a wrong. If he but garnered
these bacteria to flourish in his own system, why he
iz brave and may not shrink from the risk, but as he
kisses from shore to shore, so must he leave in his
wake a train of disorders.
Moreover, some male, not carried away by the
august presence of Hobson and desiring a monopoly
of the favors usually granted by a wife or a sweet
heart, may object to seeing a lady love put on ex
hibition as one striving for the prize for silliness, and
smite the hero of the Merrimac. Anyhow the cus
tom will lead to trouble. What lover could patiently
endure to witness the cheapening of privileges he had
regarded as all his own? Some foolish females may
find, if they want to be kissed again, that they will
have to hunt up Ilobson and once more stand in line.
Hobson must be given to understand in advance
(hat he can't kiss San Francisco girls as a candidate
kisses babies. They do not have to await the im
portation of a hero to get all the kisses good for
them.
Perhaps the trip of the Kaiser to the Holy Land
was not a success, but we hesitate to ascribe this, as
a French paper does, to the fact that he found him
self unable to walk on the Sea of Galilee.
It was about time anyhow for the Cincinnati to
strike a rock or something. Too long a period of
good luck would have made the crew apprehensive.
A clairvoyant declares there will be a dry season
for two years and that Burns will be defeated. This
makes, a iair average. x>f luck^ ,
THE ADULTERATED WINE.
: 1 T (IS indeed to be lamented that there is a general |
I admission of the fact that the wine seized in Mex
ico was treated with salicylic acid, and it is de
plorable that an attempt is made to conceal responsi
bility and to justify the adulteration.
One of the men connected with the organization
which supplied this condemned shipment and which i
controls the commerce in our wines, after laying it J
on the country vintners and declaring it impossible j
to test all the wines shipped By his association, says i
there is no harm in salicylic acid, anyway, and that j
it must be used in young wines sent into the Mexican I
climate. The earlier authorities do not assign pois
onous principles to salicylic acid. It is the active
chemical principle found in the bark and leaves of
the willow, the "salix," from which it derives its
name. It is not confined to the willow, however, but
is found in the oil of wintergreen and other vegetable
substances, and also in some minerals. Its effect is
to arrest fermentation. It if used to arrest the natu
ral and necessary fermentations in dry wines, so as
to put them on the market as aged wines, when, in j
fact, they are young, raw. crude and unwholesome.
Various chemical authorities are referred to by the
wine man we have quoted in proof of his assertion
that this drug is harmless, and in the same breath
he speaks of its use on young wines? For what pur
pose? Obviously for no other than to arrest the i
cleansing process of fermentation which makes them
fit for use. If salicylic acid were harmless as rain
water in itself, but by arresting fermentation left wine i
loaded with the organic matter which is dangerous i
tc life, its use is fatal to health and against the law.
The chemical opinion of its benign use in catsup I
is quoted, as if the fermentation of wine and catsup
were analogous. The fermentation of catsup is de- ;
leterious and destructive. It is not to cleanse and
purify, but to render unwholesome, and therein is
exactly the reverse of the natural fermentation of I
wine. Therefore the same agent which would sup- I
press fermentation in both would made the wine
dangerous to health, but leave the catsup innocuous
and wholesome, provided the agent itself were non
toxic.
The wine men defend the use of this drug by de
claring that a drinker gets more of it in a glass of j
beer than in a gallon of wine. Perhaps these apolo- !
gists are not aware that life insurance companies are j
more afraid of the modern beer drinker, and shy
from him oftener as a risk, than of the confirmed con
sumer of straight whisky. This was not the case un
der the old system of low brewed beer, ripened in
months of storage in the cellars.
The modern beer drinker is subject to troubles of
the liver and kidneys, to Bright's disease, diabetes, j
acute nephritis and similar ills, and if it be true that j
modern beer is treated with salicylic acid to age it j
prematurely, only another reason against using this
drug is supplied.
We cannot avoid the feeling that the tone assumed
by the wine men in discussing this incident is de
plorably damaging to California wine interests. It
is not true that the climatic change between this
State and the central plateau of Mexico makes neces
sary the use of this acid in wines to preserve them.
It they are properly aged and fermented they need j
no such treatment, or, if they do, they should not be I
sent where they require it. A market should be
sought where they can be used in their purest and \
best state, and they should be sent there in that state i
and in no other.
They should be aged, that is to say, be cleansed by
natural fermentation, and should not go to the con
sumer until that process is finished.
It is evident that greed, grasping for the price of
eld wine for young, is responsible for this incident
in Mexico. Greed, not long ago, mixed five barrels j
of young California brandy with eighty barrels of raw
high wines only two months out of a Nebraska dis
tillery, and about twenty-five barrels of water and
coloring and flavoring drugs, and branded it "old
California Grape brandy,' and the Collector of the |
Port in San Francisco, with a knowledge of its make
up, officially connived at its shipment to England j
under that lying brand.
If these things are to go on, the vineyards of this
State may as well be grubbed out, for in a few years
no one will touch a California wine or brandy.
Some missionary should go and preach to the wine
association that commercial honor is commendable
altogether, and that to admit, deplore and justify in j
one breath the adulteration of wine is destructive of
trade.
0 NEW ARGUMENT.
THE Examiner, which advocates the conversion
of the Philippines into a sweat-box for Ameri
can labor, has found a new argument. It is
that a New York bank has cut the rate of interest
to zYz per cent per annum, and that in order to bring
interest back to its former proportions new fields for
the investment of capital must be found. Imperial
ism, therefore, is to accomplish the double purpose
of enabling capital to secure enormous profits abroad
and to check enterprise at home. This is a frank
admission which will be duly appreciated by Ameri
cai. citizens whom the Examiner endeavored to bully
into the support of the fusion platforms and candi
dates on the ground of hostility to trusts, corpora
tions and the aggressions of the money power.
BALLOT MACHINE VOTING.
AS THE time draws near for the Legislatures
of the various States to assemble, an increased
consideration is given to the subject of provid
ing for future elections by ballot machine voting.
The issue is more warmly discussed in the East than
elsewhere, but in a general way all sections of the
Union are showing interest in it.
The cause of the increased support given to the
plan is the success attained with machine voting in
New York during the recent election. While ballot
ing by machinery has not been adopted in New York
as a State system, the law permits the local adoption
of it, and in the last election such machines were used
ac Rochester, Utica, Jamestown, Hornellsville and
several smaller communities. Reports from all of
these show that the results were in every respect sat
isfactory.
From our Eastern exchanges we learn that in all
of these places the use of the machines not only gave
the results of the election more promptly than was
possible by the old system of counting, but that there
was a great economy in their use. In Rochester it
i« estimated the saving amounted to $iz,ooo and in a
town as small as Jamestown with a voting strength of
only 3400 the City Clerk estimates the saving in sala
ries amounted to upward of $800 and the saving in
printing and other expenses brought the total up to
$1800.
Estimates of this kind founded on actual experi
ence from tests made in a considerable number of
cities are valuable. They afford a basis on which safe
calculations can be made, and deserve the attention of
all legislators who are desirous of providing an
economical as well as a safe and speedy method of
conducting elections.
s Jhe. report made- b* the pomauttcc- *paoiated-4jx.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
I the California Legislature of 1897 is good as far as it
! goes, and shows a careful inquiry into the construe
! tion and merits of the various machines submitted for
investigation, but it ought to be supplemented by a
report upon the results of the tests in New York.
No experimental investigation, however carefully and
intelligently made, can be of equal value to the test
of actual operation in elections where large numbers
j of voters make use of the machines, and that is the
! test which the New York elections afford.
In the F.ast the subject is being urgently pressed
upon public attention, and it seems fairly certain that
in many States the New York plan of local option
will be followed, while in some a State system of
machine voting will be adopted. California should
not be a laggard in the reform. Our system of voting
is costly, the counting is slow and subject to frauds.
Any system which will decrease the cost and increase
the rapidity and the honesty of the count is certainly
to be desired.
GOOD THfIT ROSSER DID.
INDIGNATION aroused by the farcical verdict
which held young Rosser not guilty, after he had
taken the life of an inoffensive and worthy man, j
has not yet died away. That verdict, as we have said |
before and may again, was a disgrace to everybody j
concerned. However, some good may come of it.
Peculiarly pitiful was the figure cut by the police.
Had Chief Lees been half as active in efforts to
prove the guilt of Rosser as he was in proving the j
innocence of Figel, the Kentucky soldier would be
in the penitentiary now, instead of on his way home
ward. No official interest seemed to be taken in the ;
prosecution. Chief Lees was sputtering over the
Botkin case, and the prosecutor who had the conduct
ing of the Rosser trial was a weak sister at the law, or
had no desire to convict. By the phrasing of his
questions he shut out testimony which would have
been effective in establishing the guilt of the prisoner.
He displayed no vigor in hunting up witnesses, nor
extracting information from them if they happened
to be found.
The jury may claim to have been guided by the in
structions of Judge Wallace, and if they were, no
wonder that aged jurist was so sick that he had to get
another member of the bench to read the instructions.
Even the manner of the reading was bad. The sub
stitute took no interest and his elocutionary ability is
limited. However, if Judge Wallace was to blame,
and we would regard his instructions as strongly
biased in favor of the prisoner, he will go from office
with a stain on his record.
Chief Lees professes great indignation at the mis
carriage of justice, but he does not go to the extent
of declaring himself incompetent and resigning.
Deputy Hinkle yowls feebly at the result, but neither
does he seem to think of getting out of the way and
giving some conscientious deputy a chance to enforce
the law rather than bring it into* ridicule.
Despite all these facts, disgraceful as they are, the
Rosser verdict may be productive of good. It has
revealed again and emphasized the incompetency of
Chief Lees; it has shown the folly of putting a lot of
conscienceless dullards in the jury-box; and it has
demonstrated that a prisoner with a pull can escape
punishment for crime. There is a limit to endurance,
and reform will follow. Rosser was not a moral man
led suddenly to err. On the contrary he was quarrel
some and dangerous, a bully, shunned by his fellow
soldiers as a nuisance and charged with dishonesty.
He had no spotless record to bring to court; there
was no doubt as to his guilt, and yet he was turned
loose.
The outrageousness of the entire proceeding has
impressed the people. They demand that such traves
ties shall cease. They demand that the senile Chief
shall attend as well as he can to duty, that juries shall
be sane, and courts unbiased.
IAN IRREPRESSIBLE FREE TRADER.
SENATOR VEST of Missouri is one of those
free traders who have become too oH to learn
from the events of the time, or to profit by the
teachings of recent experience. His free trade ideas
have become a monomania with him. Finding the
general doctrine impracticable at this time, he is mak
ing a last ditch light for free trade in ships.
In discussing the subject in the Senate the other day
he bitterly denounced the recommendations of the
President in favor of promoting the upbuilding of an
American merchant marine by the construction of
ships in our own shipyards. He maintained that the
existing navigation laws of the country are bad, but
that the adoption of the President's policy would
make the system worse. Warming to his theme he
said:
"Let the American buy his ships where he can buy
cheapest. Take off this relic of monarchy, this miser
able legislation that prohibits an American from buy
ing where he can buy cheapest. Let him raise what
he pleases and carry it abroad in his own ship and
under his own flag."
If Senator Vest were capable of learning anything
from events going on around him he would perceive
that the surest way of providing our merchants with
the best ships at the lowest cost would be to build up
American shipyards to compete with the foreigners.
A few years ago steel plate was imported from Europe
to this country. The Republican party gave protec
! tion to the industry, and we are now manufacturing
j steel plate cheaper than any nation in the world and
are actually exporting it to Great Britain.
At the present time the material for ship building
can be obtained more cheaply in the United States
than anywhere else. Give the American shipbuilder
j a chance to build up his industry and without reduc
j ing wages he will ere long be furnishing ships cheaper
| than the British. The history of the steel plant indus
t try will be repeated, and the protective system again
vindicated.
By adopting the free trade policy proposed by Sen
ator Vest our merchants would indeed obtain ships
to carry our produce abroad, but our labor would
be unemployed and our money would be sent out of
the country to pay for the purchased ships. By adopt
ing the Republican policy we shall get the ships, em
ploy our labor and save our money at the same time.
California has been aroused to a sense of demand
ing justice in the cases of people who shoot other
people, yet here is pretty Evelyn Holt likely to es
cape trial for shooting at Conrad Fecker, although
the evidence is conclusive that she did not kill him.
One of the presents of the Sultan to the ruler of
Germany was a lot of ground to which he held no
title. The case is likely to lead to litigation so ex
tensive that in the interests of peace the Kaiser should
haste to give a quitclaim.
An "aged" woman, who committed suicide in the
park, now has a grievance almost sufficient to bring
her to life. It seems that while reported as 60 in
reality she was twenty years younger.
An Oakland widow refused to tell her age in court
and we are glad of it. The matter could not possibly
have been any of the attorney's business.
The public will await with impatience the portrayal
l jjL Mxs. Botkin as an. augei. (
BURNS' ELECTION AN
INSULT TO MEXICO
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: There
is a legal international point of law
that I desire to call your attention to
which seems to have been overlooked,
and that is this: The Government of
the republic of Mexico has the leeal
right to refuse to enter into any com
pact or treaty with the United States
Government, or have anything to do
with it whatever, where the United
States Senate, or treaty-makiner or
treaty-confirming power, has within
that body a criminal or one chareed
with crime under its laws and under
bonds, who had escaped or left that
country to avoid the operations of law
or evade justice. National dignity and
honor would naturally prompt Mexico
to withdraw from all diplomatic inter
course, and deem it to be an insult to
herself, to have one amenable for real
or alleged criminal action, before its
courts, to be made one of the highest
and treaty-making bodies of the United
States in any international matter
whatever.
A criminal or rascal at home may. to
our disgrace, be elected to the United
GOOD WORK OF THE CALL APPRECIATED.
HANDSOME ACKNOWLEDGMENT FROM THE CALIFORNIA
RAISIN GROWERS.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 18, 1898.
Editor San Francisco Call, San Francisco-
Dear Sir: Representing the raisin growers of
California, we desire to thank you most cor
dially for your earnest efforts in their be
half on former occasions, and for your great
assistance at the present time in opposing
the proposed placing of Zante currants on the
free list, and we assure you that your advocacy
of our cause will ever be gratefully remem
bered by us. Very truly yours,
California Raisin Growers ' Association,
A POSSIBLE SOLUTION OF
THE PHILIPPINE QUESTION
There Is a great diversity of opinion
expressed as to the form of government
which we should bestow on the Philip
pine Islands so that we may safely strad
dle the fence which divides republican-
Ism from imperialism. The gravity of
the question lies in that it will probably
entail such an abrupt departure from the
principles on which our republic has been
reared that it will be a source of contin
ual dissatisfaction in our midst. It is one
thing to colonize on this continent and in
territory adjacent to ourselves, and quite
another thing to acquire territory over
7000 miles away, containing 5.000,000 peo
ple of a race, color, language and customs
so entirely different from our own, and
which people are incapable of self-gov
ernment and will be for decades, partic
ularly when this foreign territory lies di
rectly in the path of foreign complica
tions and its people can never become
citizens of the United States and enjoy
the privileges of which the American Sag
Is the emblem.
At this period It may not be amiss for
any humble citizen of this country to
offer suggestions as to the policy to be
pursued, and some merit may be found in
the following plan:
First Invite all nations to enter into a
treaty guaranteeing the permanent integ
rity and neutrality of the Philippine
group In exchange for a slightly quali
fied form of "open door" policy, which
will permit the United States to have the
advantage of 25 per cent reduction from
any prevailing tariff on import duties.
Second— The governing power to b
vested in a board of five Commissioner
appointed by the President of the United
States, to hold office at his discretion.
Such are the essential features.
THE TREATY.
All nations desire equal trade and com
mercial privileges; they would prefer the
Philippine group to be independent rather
than that any single nation should own
it; thus, in event of war, the islands
would not change hands or become a fac
tor in political complications; they would
be protected by all the powers from in
fringement of neutrality laws; they
would enjoy perpetual peace with the out
side world. All first-class powers (with
possibly one or two exceptions) now have
trade relations with the Philippines which
they do not wish disturbed by the country
being made exclusively American; it is,
therefore a selfish interest— always the
most effective-that would persuade them
to enter into such a treaty, and it is qu te
consistent with reason that they »ouM
naturally recognize the right of the Lql
ted States to have a preferential duty of
25 per cent less on imports, which is due
b- reason of conquest and necessary
through the higher price of labor in
The treaty would provide that citizens
of any nation party to the treaty would
have the same rights to acquire propertj
and transact business as those o anj
other nation, including even the United
States. Such nations as refused to be
party to the treaty could be excluded en
tirely or could be made to pay 50 per
cent higher duties, and their citizens not
allowed to become property holders or
invested with the rights of citizens of
other nations.
With a treaty of this character in force
the question of an army, navy or forti
fications for the group would be entirely
eliminated. In itself this would mean an
enormous burden saved to the islands; or
to the United States if it was obliged to
assume the sole protection of the group.
It does not require much profound
thought to perceive what a colossal un
dertaking It would be for us to place the
islands in such a defensive condition as
would enable them to resist the attack
of any first-class power. Would we not
have lost them, had we owned them, if
we had lately been at war with any of
the powers except Spain? Of course, we
could thoroughly protect these islands— it
only requires time and an enormous out
lay of money— but is the game worth the
candle, and can we not, with the aid of
the proposed preferential duty, advance
our interest* as much as we can reason
ably desire?
Free trade with the islands would oc
casion no end of dissatisfaction and
complications in the United States. AVo
do not want competition with coolie labor.
If we demanded that our imports into the
islands should be free of duty, how could
we discriminate against the products of
the Islands by a duty on their imports
into this country? And that leads us to
ask, "Where would the revenues neces
sary to support the islands come from if
the Philippines received no duty on their
imports? Certainly the United States
would not want to make immense appro
priations every year out of its treasury
to support the group; and, finally, if we
had free trade and all other nations paid
the duty, they would be largely — if not
entirely— shut out of trade with the isl
ands, and the loss of their present com
merce would make our possession of the
group most unpopular and invite re
prisals.
i I'hla .treaty. «Lan 1» a,,.stept. upward In
States Senate; that is our local shame.
But we cannot elect or place a man
in that body who is a fugitive under
bonds and charged with crime by a
friendly nation with which we are hold
ing international, commercial ana
financial relations, and especially, too. j
with whom we have so recently mutu- ;
ally elevated the respective Ministers
to each country to the highest rank of
Embassadors, and it would be a direct
and personal insult to him. as wen as
a national one to Mexico, to introduce
to him, as a United States Senator, oue
who was a fugitive from the couns of
justice in Mexico and who. in bo.n
criminal and civic cases, is borne upon
the calendars of their courts: and It
would properly be resented and iustu>
Mexico in recalling her Embassador.
Consuls and all who represent Hie in
terests of Mexico in these Jnltea
States.
For the above reasons Daniel Men- j
roe Burns is ineligible, and that kind j
of Monroe doctrine will burn its-ilf vat
and will not, by the United States Gov
ernment, be enforced. ,-.„
EDWIN A. SHERMAN,
San Francisco, December 19, 18'JS.
President.
the plane of civilization. It secures peace.
under the protection of the world, to eight
millions of people low in the scale of life,
with the opportunity for their advance
ment. It would place us before the world
as a benevolent power, not striving for
foreign conquest so much as for freedom
and liberty to mankind. It is out of the
question to believe that Congress, with its
ever shifting policy, due to party vims
and frequent elections, can ever handle
this matter with perfect satisfaction. We
have not yet reached the zenith of self
government ourselves. Our negro prob- '■
lfm has not yet been settled on a basis
that justifies us in the belief that our
*/•«•' smen Cf L n cx P«st to handle the more
difficult problem of the government of
eight millions of a race that we do not
know or understand.
We have strayed too far already from
our first principles, and we do not want
to have this matter a feature of every
political campaign. J
THE GOVERNMENT.
We must consider the group to be an
estate, for which the United States is to
assume the role of administrator, and it !
must be kept out of the hands of tae poli
ticians. The President of the United
States, by special act of Congress, should
have the sole appointing power of five
commissioners, to hold office during his
pleasure, and each to receive a salary of
not less than $25,000 per annum, which
wouk: be an inducement to our best men
to serve; they should also be provided
with suitable quarters, all at the expense
of the revenues of the islands. T - com
missioners should hold office during the
pleasure of the President of the United
States, but should not otherwise be con
trolled by him. They are to take up their
residence in Manila and are to be en
tirely free in their action, supreme in
power to administer the affairs of the Is
lands in every particular, make laws of
every description, including tariff laws,
inaugurate an unsectarian free school
system, provide for judiciary and police,
and, in fact, form a government that will
be self-sustaining and conducted on busi
ness principles.
Educate the natives; give them appoint
ments when their qualifications will per
mit, and invest them with equal rights. I
Educate abroad at the expense of the
country a certain number of the Philip
pine youth, thus opening to them the op
portunity of mingling in the affairs of
their own government.
In the event of internal troubles, such
as insurrections, support the commission
ers with American troops, with an Amer
ican army and navy, but payment to be
made to the United States out of the rev
enues of the islands for the expense.
Form a military police force of natives,
well paid, and under guidance of Ameri
can officers. The commissioners to fill all
offices with American citizens, except
where natives could more properly be em
ployed, the object of the whole being a
beneficent government, satisfactory to the
tenets of high civilization.
FLAG. #
The islands should have a flag of their
own, to be adopted by the commissioners,
but not to be used on the high seas. This
restriction would prevent possible compli
cations in event of war between any of
the powers party to the treaty, and would
at the same time promote the patriotic in
stinct in the natives.
Incidental to this plan, the commission
ers should pay to the United States out of
the revenues of the islands $40,000,000. of
which we are to pay Spain $20,000,000 under
our treaty of peace, the balance to be re
tained by the United States as indemnity
toward the cost of war expenses. Possi
bly it might be found expedient not to ex
act this latter sum.
The commissioners would divide their
government into departments, at the head
of which they would place responsible and
efficient Americans. These various depart
ments would require an enormous number
of offices to be filie-. whic. would open
opportunities for American citizens, and
this, together with the 25 per cent pref
erential duty, would be a source or Im
mense strength to us in the commerce of
the islands.
I FREE TRADE AND PROTECTORATE.
It must be remembered that the Chi
nese are a prominent feature in the popu
lation of the islands. Are we going to
apply the exclusion law to them?
Free trade between the Philippine
Islands and the United States is as im
possible as between the United States and
China.
What would a protectorate mean? Sim
ply that, for the sake of a portion of the
trade of the islands the United States
would tax its people and sacrifice their
lives for the defense of the islands out
of all proportion to the benefits received
from trade. If we need a coaling station
for war purposes we can find one outside
of the group.
THOSE WHO WILL OPPOSE THIS
PLAN.
1. The average politician, hungry for
the spoils.
2. That portion of our manufacturing el
ement who will ask for free trßde, having
nothing to fear themselves from compe
tition with the islands.
3. The jingo, who believes in expansion
at any cost.
A few short months ago none of these
classes would have advocated accepting
the islands as a present, but now that we
have, them they are willing to go to the
extreme and will not favor any moderate
or conservative policy.
I la-cpAduslon I believe that-the plan, out-
lined when understood by the insurgent
element, will satlsy them If they can be
satisfied with anything reasonable. \\ lth
the knowledge that the powers of the
world are arrayed against them and that
the Government proposed for them will
insure liberty, equality and advancement,
freedom from religious intnleration and
unjust taxes, if they do not lay down
their arms then, under such conditions,
I we would Indeed have a stupendous and
costly task to control them under any
other form of policy.
This plan simply cuts the group loose
from the United States as far as politics
is concerned and provides for its affairs
being conducted on business principles,
under the protection of the world.
Th<» responsibility for the abuse of pow
er by the Commissioners would be with
the "President of the United States, he
haying the privilege of revoking their ap
pointment.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. W. N. Sherman of Merced is at the
Lick.
M. Cummlnps of Norfolk, Va., is at the
Russ.
J. G. Pope of Seattle is a guest at the
lick.
Fred F. Eurns of Vancouver is at the
Lick.
P. A. Hihn of Santa Cjuz is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. S. L. Walton of San Jose is at the
Palace.
N. A. McKay of Angels is registered at
the Lick.
James E. Roach of Albany Is a guest at
the Grand.
A. W. Pickard of Utica is registered at
the Grand.
Dr. W. H. Davia of Detroit is at the
Occidental. *
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr.. is at
the Palace.
P. H. Coffman of Red Bluff is staying
at the Grand.
I. X. Peyton of Spokane is registered
at the Palace.
State Senator W. F. Prisk is a guest at
the Occidental.
Mrs. J. G. James of San Jose is a guest
at the Occidental.
Henry Young Jr. of Denver is staying
at the Occidental.
Frank McArthur. from Fall River Mills,
is at the California.
E. A. Eaton, a merchant of Safinas, is
staying at the. Lick.
Attorney William O. Minor of Modesto
is a guest at the Lick.
C. M. Firkert of Stanford University is
staying at the Palace.
W. R. Junker, chief clerk of the Del
Monte, is at the Palace.
J. F. Lynn and C. E. Minor of St. Louis
are guests at the Grand.
Augustus Seekamp, a miner of Mexico,
is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. John L. Latham of Los
Angeles are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles V. Campbell of
Boston are at the Occidental.
Charles E. Hale, a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
O. E. Williams, proprietor of the Grand
Hotel at Ukiah, is at the Grand.
L. S. Burrell, a miner from Dawson
City, is a guest at the Occidental.
R. F. Pixley of New York and J. C.
Ells of Dayton, Ohio, are at the Palace.
D. R. Cameron, a prominent commis
sion merchant from Hanford, is at the
Lick.
J. Gavey and M. Cooper, tourists from
London, who are connected with the mail
service, are at the Palace.
Second Lieutenant Joseph F. Gohn,
Fourteenth United States Infantry, is at
the Occidental. He arrived pesterday on
the Scandia from Manila on sick leave.
H. C. Bush, general agent of the freight
department of the Santa Fe, and L. A.
Mills, contracting freight agent of the
same line, have returned from Chicago,
where they went on a business visit.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— A. R. McCreery
of San Francisco is at the Holland; A.
B. Bowers of San Francisco is at the Im
perial; Mrs. E. Acklom of San Fran
cisco is at the Gerard.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOR THE STAGE— J. W., City. If you
have an idea that you are fitted for tne
stage and you desire to ascertain if you
really are, consult some teacher of elocu
tion. You will find the aduresses of such
in the City Directory.
THE TAX RATE— J. W. L., City. The
tax rate in Sacramento city is $3 45 on
each $100 valuation, the municipal tax be
ing $2 04; State and county tax an the
city), $1 50; same (in county), 51 60; State
tax alone, 45.8 cents on each $100 valua
tion.
FALL OF SNOW— C. M., City. The lat
est fall of snow in San Francisco was on
the 2d of March. 1596. The snow, how
ever, melted on reaching the ground, it
remained for some time on Mount Tamal
pais. The fall of snow previous to that
time was on the 3d of March, 18M.
Cal. glace fru.- 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Look out for 81 4th (nr. grocery), best eye
glasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Note No. SI. •
We keep a man in our store to stamp
your name in gold letters free of charge
on all our fine leather goon's. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 *
The Senior Partner— l don't like this
ad.
The Junior Partner— What is the matter
with it? I thought it excellent.
"It says that the sales of our unparal
leled mineral water have increased so
that we have been forced to double the
output of our spring twice in five years."—
Cincinatti Enquirer.
No Christmas Table should be without a bot
tle of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the fin
est appetizer. Imported from South America.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables,
Lamps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G.GUMP
113 Geary St.BARBERS TO BE RATED AS MEN OF SCIENCE.
"First the price was fifteen cents.
Then it dropped to ten;
After that reduced to five
To shave the mugs of men.
Why degrade the barber's trade
By this price depression?
So our Solons will be asked
To license the profession."
• was the slogan at .1 meeting of the
Association of tl <"oast
• night in Turk-street Temple, As
J>resi sch put it, the object of
ring whs the consideration of a
Mil framed for presentation to the Legis
which is intended to elevate me
r's trade to the dignity of a pro-
! proposed law is similar to that In
S| ite.ot Minnesota, and is an
ulate the practice of barbering,
[censing of persons to carry on such
tice, and to insure the better euuea
A HOT TIME
ON BOARD OF
THE SCANDIA
Almost Open Mutiny
'Tween Decks.
SOLDIERS AND CREW IRONED
FIREMEN HEFUSED TO KEEP
STEAM IN THE BOILERS.
Cooks and Waiters Would Not Work
Because One of Their Number
Was Locked Up With
out Cause.
There was trouble on the United States
transport Scandfa from the day she left
*i>n Francisco until she docked at Pacific
. c trcet wharf sgain yesterday. Provisions j
were short, there was almost a mutiny,
men put in irons was an every day occur
r'-nce, petty larceny was common and all
torts of articles were stolen. In fact as
soon as the vessel came to an anchor
l>c-tectives Dinan and Harry Reynolds
wt-nt aboard to see what they could do,
as some of the officers had lost their
.-words and other valuables. The feeling
between officers and men of the various
raiments aboard was not very good, and
the chances are that the missing articles
wore thrown overboard.
The Scandia brought up the following
I«r"Ple from Manila and Honolulu:
Major Charles E. Woodruff, medical de-
I artment, r. S. A., wife and son; Major 11.
M. l>}rd, paymaster. Vnit"ii States volunteers;
First Lieutenant J. M. Kennedy, Flrsi Mon
tana; Second eutenant J. F. Gohn, Four
teenth United States Infantry; E. L. Violland,
1 .tymaster's clerk; C. B. Vest, clerk subsist
epce department. U. B. A.; Mrs. Klsifer, Rod
(russ nurse; v h Shaefer, Red Cross nurse;
sixty-nine discharged and furlougbed soldiers,
four men from the United Btates navy for the
hospital at Mare Island, and thr prisoners
fr-— the United States navy for Mare Island.
The Honolulu detachment— Captain Plckard,
Company E, First New York Volunteers; Major
Safcue, In command, Company X; Captain
Tumpkins, Company M; Captain Martin, Com
pany F: Captain Roche, Company B; Lieu
tenant Fojvlt, Company M. Lieutenant Bague,
Company X: LiPutenant Worthini Company
H; Lieutenant Ilinman, Company II ; Lieuten
ant Huhne, Company M, and 264 men.
One of the prisoners will have to Berve
a four-year sentence for striking an
officer, and the others have shorter terms
to serve for disorlerly conduct in Manila.
A discharged soldier named Meyers was
also In irons for shooting out the hgnts
in the soldiers' quarters. According to the
men there was more liquor than provis
ions on the transport, and it could be pro
cured in any quantities lor cash. Meyers
filled lip on whisky and got Into a row
with his roommate. He was put out and
COMING TO A STOP IN MIDOCEAN.
One of the waiters on the transport Scandia was put in irons by orders of Captain Echols, IT. S. A.,
and Captain Messer, U. S. V. The other waiters took sides with the boy and refused to work. The
cooks and bakers followed suit, and there was nothing to eat for twenty-four hours. Then the fire
men joined the strike and the big steamer came to a stop in midocean. The boy was released.
tlon of such practitioners in the State of
California. The bill provides that it will
be unlawful for any person to follow the
occupation of barbering without first ob
taining a certificate of registration. It
also provides for a board of examiners
to consist of three persons appointed by
the Governor. Said board shall hold puo-
Kaminations at least three times in
pear. The applicant must be above
the age of 1^ years and have studied the
trade for ai least three years in a prop
erly appointed barber school. In a word
the bill proposes to put the barbers un
der a kind of civil service, but it is not
Intended that it shall affect or apply to
any person who is now engaged as a bar
ber.
("hairman Sepr>i?ch started the discus
on the proposed measure and spoke
of the degradation of the profession by
the reduction In" the price of shaving.
"Some years ago." he said, "the 10-eent
shops vigorously opposed the reduction to
ut were unsuccessful. Now the
10-cent shops had to contend with the
went and borrowed a revolver from one
of the officers. He returned to hla room
with the weapon and drove everybody be-
Eore him. The bosun tried to disarm him,
but fled when the pistol was pointed
at him. "Just to show you fellows that
I can shoot," said Meyers, "Look here,"
and with that he emptied his revolver at
the row of electric lights in the alleyway.
He put five of them out, one after the
other, after which he was overpowered
and put in irons.
One of the first men aboard the vessel
iday was Major Field of the artil
lery. He went out to Investigate some
trouble between Captain C. P. Echols, U.
B. A., and Captain Nat T. Messer, U. S.
V.. and the crew of the sffip. It was this
affair that nearly caused a mutiny. Btop
the transport in mldocean and
caused all hunds to go without cooked
food for twenty-four hours. The whole
trouble was caused by the cabin windows
of t lie Scandia. and for the convenience
of other officers who may in future have
to travel by that transport they should
be moved to some other portion of the
cabin. These particular windows open
out on the forward deck, and at night, if
the curtains are not drawn across them,
throw a very strong light, which is very
distracting to the man on the bridge. As
it might prove a source of danger, Cap
tain Hart gave orders that the curtains
should always be drawn when the lights
In the cabin were burning.
( 'ii the evening of December 2 Captains
Echols and Messer were playing cards in
the cabin, and in order to get every
breath of air that was going had the cur
tains open. The officer on the I
could not keep a proper lookout on ac
count of the light, and sent word to the
chief steward to have the curtains closed.
Schwartz, the watchman in the
cabin, was sent to do the job. He closed
one curtain and went to the other. When
he turned around the first one was
opened again, and thinking the wind had
it. he closed it again. "I opened
that," said Echols, "leave it alone." The
. xplained that it was the captain's
orde rs and he must obey him. He closed
the curtains again, and Echols got angry.
}{■■ seni for the chief steward and said
Schwartz had been impertinent. The boy
Bald he had not been impertinent and had
jred orders. Then Messer and
E( hols ordered him to be put in irons.
in a few minutes the news Bpread all
over the ship, and the cocks and waiters
went on strike. Captain Hart explained
to them that it was mutiny on the high
seas but they refused duty unless
Schwartz was released. The mutiny
■'. to the firemen, and the steam in
1 oilers dropped lower and lower until
was barely headway on the trans
port. The chief engineer was sent for.
and he Bald he could do nothing, as his
firemen said they could not keep steam
on the vessel.
By this time the two captnins thought
it was time to do something, and th< y
. i t" release Schwartz if he would
Sign a written apology. This the boy re
fused point blank to do, saying he had
nothing for which he should apolo
gize. All this time Captain Hart had been
acting as mediator, and he finally got
Schwartz to say that in whatever he had
he had not meant to be impertinent
but that in closing the curtains he had
only obeyed orders. His irons were struck
off." and that ended the matter for the
time being. The boy's father was down
t.. m» - andia, and he intends to
make somebody suffer for the indignities
heaped upon his son.
Captain Echols left the Scandia at
Honolulu and came to Ran Francisco on
:i. lie. He is now in the East. Nat
T Messer Jr. left the Scandia at Hono
lulu also, and came up on the Alameda.
Both Captain Messer and Captain Echols
liavo. therefore, laid their side of the case
before the authorities, so Major Field
went out yesterday to get the other side
of the case.
TWO DEEP WATER SHIPS.
Thp British ship Cromdale arrived from
Sydney, N. S. W., yesterday after a smart
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
5-cent rate and were suffering in conse
quence. The 15-centers rather had the
laugh now on the 10-centers. The new
bill would undoubtedly bring benefit to
the craft."
Barber Heinz at this point arose and
was so manifestly opposed to the pro
posed legislation and asked such pointed
questions about the finances that he was
called to order by the Chairman, and Sec
retary Barber Fuchs arose and swore by
the "beard of the prophet" that the
money collected, $20.20, was honestly ex
pfndt'd and he gave the figures to support
his contention. Becoming historical, he
said, that in early times the operations
of the barber were not confined as now
to shaving or hair cutting, but included
the dressing of wounds and other sur
gical operations. The art of shaving and
the art of surgery went hand in hand.
The barbers and surgeons were separated
and made two distinct corporations in
France in the time of Louis XIV and in
England in 1745. It was now in order to
restore the tonsorial artist to his pristine
glory. He thought that a barber was as
passage of sixty-three days. On this oc
casion she is in command of Captain Sib
ley, as Captain Andrews left her in Aus
tralia to go into business. On the eve of
December 1 the Cromdale was off Hawaii.
and had to make three tacks in order to
get to windward of the islands. In lati
tude 1!S north, longitude 147 west, a heavy
gale, lasting forty-eight hours, was run
into. There was a high cross sea, with
vivid lightning and heavy thunder. On
Saturday night the Cromdale was off the
Farallones, but a fog came down, and she
lost sight of them until. Sunday night.
Yesterday she was picked up by a tug and
brought in.
The American bark Gerard C. Tobey
148 days coming from New York. On
September 8, in latitude 8.24 south, longi
tude 34.32 west, a large four-masted ves
sel was seen ashore, with no sign of life
aboard. This was somewhere in the
vicinity of Rio de Janeiro, so it is prob
ably a vessel that was reported some time
ago.
William Malcolm, a ship-calker, 70 years
of age, fell overboard yesterday. He was
fished out and taken to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, where Drs. Deas and
Diggins soon had him as well as ever.
All the California calendars for 1599, in- \
eluding "California Wild Flowers," "Chi
nese," "Redwood." etc., are to be found
at Sanborn & Tail's. They sell not only
their own publications, but everybody
else's at the publishers' prices. You make
no mistake in going to Sanborn & Tail's. ♦
ROBBED IN A SHOW.
Two Visitors From Calaveras County
Forced to Give "Up Their Hard
Earned Money.
Charles Tyler and Leong Tie. a Chinese,
Ii from San Andreas, Calaveras Coun
. few days ago, and Saturday after
they visited a show at 522 and 524
ny street, where there w;is a female
nc teller. The admission was 10 cents
to have your fortune told was $2 ex
tra. Tyler and Tie paid the $2 each, and
then the woman, after telling them that
they would soon got married and have
lnts of children, gave them the lucky
number in the next lottery drawing. For
this two men cappers demanded $5 from
•a< h for setting the lucky number. They
demurred', and the two men assumed such
a threatening attitude that they, mrough
it;ir. gave up the money.
Yesterday morning Tyler and Tie, ac
companied by Police-man Chappelle, called
upon Justice of the Peace Barry, in Judge
Conlan'B court, and the acting Judge
• 1 warrants for the arrest of "John
Doe," "Richard Doe" and "Jane Doe" on
barge of robbery. Later Frank Car
ter and F. J. McCarthy were arrested and
booked on the charge. Carter was the
Bpieler for the show, and McCarthy the
rletor. The woman has not yet been
found.
When Lieutenant Esola was notified
Saturday of the way in which Tyler and
ii. were treated he ordered the place
closed up. Other complaints had been
made about the same place.
Wolf's Bondsmen Sued.
Edward Pearson Jr., Olive Pearson
and Leonard Pearson, by their gen
eral guardian, Edward Pearson, filed
suit yesterday against August Pet
zold. John W. Morehead, David B.
Faktor, William Krister, Edward Lun-
H. M. Wreden, G. H. Walker. W.
(-. Wreden and James D. Ralph, sureties
on the bond of John Wolf, executor of the
estate of Sarah M. Pearson, of whom the
plaintiffs are heirs, to recover the sum
.if $3861 38. Wolf disappeared some time
ago, and when he went it is alleged he
carried away money belonging to the
Pearson estate to the amount of the judg
ment prayed for against his bondsmen.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others.*
good as a dentist and the care of the skin
is far superior to that of the teeth, as
"you can get a new set of teeth but you
; can't get a new face." As the doctor
i wrote M. D. after his name and the mm!
! ister D. D., so the new bill would allow
the barber to place S. B. after his, which
j translated means "Scientific Barber."
I After the applause which greeted his re
! marks had subsided Barber Banks got up
, and commenced to argue on behalf of the
! dignity of the profession from a stand
! point of man's vanity. "Was it not due
| to the barber," he said, "that many men
■ were so beautified as to successfully court
, heiresses, thus rendering them i-ndepen
i dent for life? Shakespeare himself had im
: mortalized the barber when he saJd - 'Our
| courteous Antony, being barbered ten
; times o'er, goes to the feast.' He went
; to the feast and it was entirely owing to
I the ministrations of his barber that he
i succeeded in his court of the dusky Cle
; opatra."
Barber Moore deplored the existence of
so many colleges which turned out many
j Inferior barbers. He said that the. sanl
STANTON TELLS
HIS STORY TO
GRAND JURYMEN
Arrested on Dr. Ra
gan's Warrant.
CHARGED WITH EXTORTION
THE DIRECTOR ACCUSED OF
SOLICITING A BRIBE.
Ancient School Board History Is
Thrashed Over Before the Grand
Jury — Investigation Re
sumed To-Night.
The much looked for ex-teacher of the
Business Evening School, D. E. Stanton,
materialized at the City Hall yesterday
afternoon, and for an hour was on the
carpet before the Grand Jury telling
again his story of the alleged bribe
taking of School Director Ragan. Stan*
ton left Los Angeles, where he has been
teaching for some months past, on Satur
day, and arrived in this city on Sunday
evening, but he did not make his presence
known until yesterday when he appeared
voluntarily before the Grand Jury to
assist with the knowledge which he
claims to have in the investigation which
the jury is making Into School Board
affairs.
He was not allowed to remain long in
peace. The particular object of his attack
before the Grand Jury was Dr. Ragan.
He came all the way from the southern
city to tell again how Dr. Ragan had
demanded $300 of him as the price of the
position he sought in the Business Even
ing School, and of the $G0 he alleges was
given him by Jack O'Brien with which
to flee from the wrath that was to come
out of the expose of School Board crook
edness last February. But Dr. Ragan
had a little score of his own to settle
with the versatile Mr. Stanton and as
soon as he heard of his arrival in town
he appeared before Justice of the Peace
Barry, how acting for Police Judge Con
lan, and swore to a complaint charging
the pedagogue with a felony, to wit, at
tempt to extort money.
The resultant warrant was served upon
Stanton as he emerged into the corridor
haV f n f given t0 the Grand Ju ry the
weight ot his testimony, and he accom
panied the police officer who made the
At Vh c <m ' nh l} l \ resistance or complaint.
At the City Prison he was booked upon
the cnarge in the complaint and was given
a chair nstead of a cell In which to await
the arrival of Judge Belcher, who had
announced on the previous day that he
would release him upon his own recogni
zance. It was fully an hour before the
Judge wan notified and another before
he arrived and sent the prisoner out into
the open air.
Dr. Ragan denies that his complaint is
made for any frivolous reason or to pre
vent Stanton from presenting any knowl
edge he. may have to the Grand .lurv
He says, on the contrary, that ht^ has let
ters and telegrams to prove his charges
and will prosecute them. One of the tele
grams upon which he places most reli
ance is dated at Vancouver, Washington
and is worded a* follows: "Two forty or
San Quentin; see relatives immediate!'
or I return. Well bucked witnesses sixty
dollars transaction." It means that after
Stanton fled to Vancouver he found him
self in need of money and threatened to
use his alleged knowledge of Dr. Ragan's
career unless he gave up enough to make
life easier.
After the jury had adjourned to this
evening it was learned that Stanton's
story differed in no wise from the ainda
vits he made when the case was nrst
opened, all of which have been thoroughly i
aired in the newspapers.: His story is by I
no means so connected as at that time,
and he became badly tangled when put
on the witness-stand. The only other
Witness examined was his nephew,
Charles Freedeman, who accompanied
him to this city from Los Angeles
Freedeman roomed with him before lie
was Suspended from the Evening School,
and the evidence he gave yesterday was
corroborative of Stanton's. Both Stanton
and Kilpatrick will appear before the jury
again when it meets this evening.
DIRECTORS CANNOT PAY.
School Creditors Must Await
the Court's Injunction.
The fig-ht between merchants, contract
ors, laborers and school teachers for the
gold remaining in the coffers of the
School Department is on in earnest and
the teachers have drawn first blood. The
teachers are determined that the nefari
ous acts of the School Board shall not
deprive them of their legal salaries, while
those who have labored in behalf of that
august body and merchants who have
furnished material and merchandise are
equally anxious to collect. But one thing
is certain, the present board will not
have the pleasure of paying claims of any
nature now due and payable.
At the instance of Elisha Brooks, a duly
appointed teacher in the Girls' High
School, Presiding: Judge Belcher issued an
injunction yesterday, morning prohibiting
the authorization and payment of claims
against the School Department amount
tary features of the bill would cause men
who shaved themselves or allowed hir
sute appendages to accumulate on their
faces to patronize the barbers, and busi
ness would therefore Improve. Becoming
heated in his argument he moved the
adoption of a section compelling individ
uals whose countenances are now adorned
with "spinach" to have it removed forth
with, but it was declared to be against
the constitution.
After a thorough discussion the I*ll was
ordered referred to a competent attorney,
and after revision It will be presented to
the next Legislature. The question Is of
§reat import to -the 3000 barbers in the
tate.
After the meeting adjourned one of the
members said that he would move at the
next meeting to incorporate the following
in the act in order *o prevent official cor
ruption:
"That it shall be unlawful for the Board
of Examiners to accept a free shave from
any barber and that each shall be required
to have and pay for an egg shampoo at
least three times a week."
ing to $102,070. The matter was set for
hearing on January 6, four days after the
incumbent board shall have quit office.
In the complaint in which Elisha j
i,r,"" ks appears as plaintiff and Auditor !
\\ 111 am Broderick, Superintendent of
Schools Webster, Treasurer Christian
Keis and all merchants', contractors and
laborers having claims against the School
Department as defendants, it is recited
that the amount of money appropriated j
v , city government for the public '
schools during the fiscal year of 189S-99 :
was $1,232,040; that most of this amount
has been expended; that the petitioner's
salary for the month of November,
amounting to $250, is due and unpaid and |
lr defendants' claims are honored the res
idue of the fund will be exhausted and
petitioner will be deprived of his salary.
It is further alleged by Professor
Brooks that defendants' claims have been
passed and approved by the" board; that
Superintendent Webster threatens to sign I
them. Auditor Broderick to audit them !
and Treasurer Reis to pay them, which,
he avers, will result in irreparable dam
age to him, and hence the proceedings.
In the prayer it is asked that the de
fendants, other than the officials, be re
strained from asserting, advocating or
demanding the payment of their claims
and that the defendant officials be en
joined from approving, auditing or pay
ing the same.
On the filing of the petition Judge Bel
cher issued a temporary restraining or
der and assigned the cause for hearing
in Judge Seawell's department of the Su
perior Court o« the 6th prox. Mean
while the deendants are forbidden to take
any action regarding the claims and the
School Board must stand idle while its
last days come and go.
News Letter Christmas Edition.
The Christmas number of San Fran
cisco News Letter is out and is a nota
ble production among all those issued to
commemorate the holiday season. Its
cover of heavy paper gives the impres
sion of a portfolio and ornamented with
two female figures drawn after the fash
lon set by Aubrey Beardsley.
The book of eighty pages is profusely
Illustrated with photographs, and also
pen and ink sketches by Ed Cucuel W
L. Cook. Solly Walter, Stella Wittram",
Joseph Greenbaum, E. L. G. Steele Jr.
and others. The photographs cover a
wide range of subjects from bay and
ocean views to those of the notable
buildings of the city. The stories and
the letter press are in keeping with the
beauty of the illustrations.
Fell Into the Bay.
William Douglass, 70 years of age, while
walking along the wharf at Beale and
Harrison streets last night, slipped and
fell Into the bay. His shouts for help
were heard by Policeman McGrayan and
some sailors, who rescued him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Doctor
& Co.
SPECIALISTS
For Men.
Established 17 Years.
Largest and best equip-
ped medical institution
and most extensive
practice on the Pacific
Coast. No pay till
cured. Free consulta-
tion and advice. No
charge for private book
for men, at office or
by mail. Thousands
cured at home every
year. All letters confi-
dential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St, S. F.
Hours, 8 to 5 daily.
Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to 8 .
Sundays, 9 to 11.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pnrchasers' Guide to fiesponsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, fan*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Oorreiponding With Any »f th» Following Tixmt pi aua Mention "The Call"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUB FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY,
WM. SCBOENING.^&S?' supplied.
WJI- JVilUCninU)639 Broadway.
BELTINd.
LP TIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting: «nd
L. r. IICUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. ,
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO SEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 deary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDIEV £ CAWC— and Dealers in
U DIUCiI ft jUn JLandaus. Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
et., San Francisco. .V-:: J . j.
CASCA FEBRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1109 Howard street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISS4.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing-, improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed. --.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC DftVEC *• rt\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3- DUIE3 ff VU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A IIII A Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
l«llnl\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUllfJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
wwiaw 739 Market street.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., Importers S Dealers
fj Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
AMUSEMENTS.
Irosco's grands
Pa Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manages
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
ENCING MONDAY, DEC. 19, 1898,
Revivalof the old iavorite,
UNCLE TOM'S
........ CABIN
LESLIE MOROSCO as Marks.
A WORLD' S RECORD.
During MR. MOROSCO' S managerial career
In this city he has given 6619 consecutive per-
formances. •!.;;;,• :;. :_•
Popular prices, 10c, 25c and 50c.
I COMEDY THEATER.
OUR XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING,
The Ever Gay
HOYT'S
"A BUNCH of KEYS"
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
MORE GOOD FUN!
MORE GOOD DANCERS!-- >
MORE GOOD LAUGHS!
MORE PRETTY GIRLS!
Than All Farce Comedies Combined.
AND TIRST TIME AT POPULAR PRICES.
■ ;i :-;■■ ■ .
DOLL MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRlCES— Evening 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Matinees 15c and 25c
Seats Secured, Box Office and Emporium.
Dec. 26.— "ROMANCE OF COON HOLLOW."
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION and AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
Vr 31st day nf December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
I Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. '
| Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 50
Cash in company's office 42 65
| Cash in banks 1}7,616 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 3.516 66
I Premiums In due course of collection 73.139 60
Total assets 1843,677 72.
LIABILITIES. :-"-:; <
! Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54
. Losses in process of adjustment or
I in suspense... 27,007 00
I Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 5,303 95
I Gross premiums on fire risks run-
. ning one year or less, $305,750 2S;
. reinsurance 50 per cent 152,875 14
Gross uremlums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $50,761 12;
I reinsurance pro rata 30,563 74
I Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc. 1963
All other demands against the com-
j pany 30,027 8«
Total liabilities $251,530 86
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
[ premiums '. $346,046 96
, Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
I all other sources 22.? 83
Total 1nc0me......... $368,783 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for "fire losses (ln-
i eluding $15,702 64, losses of previous
years) . $99.622 68
• Paid or aiiowed for commission gr
brokerage .................... ......f.. 82,397 10
! Paid for salaries, fees and other
; charges for officers, clerks, etc 2,625 00
Paid for State, national- and local
taxes -.... ••••• 4,913 13
All : other payments and expendi-
I tures 14,006 2S
Total expenditures $203,564 11
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. \ IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ''.■• -■■ =
j ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456,581 15
Net amount of risks ex- .
plred during the year.. 31,500,088 318,371 19
Net amount in force De- - • •
cember 31, 1897.......... 36,055,649 35«,511
~~~ ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
- Of Weed & Kennedy, '
United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla 23d
day of February, IS9S. • ■ i, _ .
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
SYZ 8c CO.,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
.. SAN FRANCISCO. v, . .
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN ATE WOOLEN MFC. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
Flannels. 635 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE,
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4.0C0 000
SYZ & CO., Agents.
" - 301 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
ITILLHWCI \L 722 Montgomery Streat.
PIANOS. I
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and /*\USIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. '
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
.--■'.-•.".' PRINTING.
EC HIICHF^ printer,
-W- II UIILO, 511 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te Ss PARTRIDGE f*S£^
THE BICKS-JUDD CO-, £»,%£*
TYPEWRITERS.
|||^ All Typewriters Rented.
C25=333« Few partly used for sale cheap.
lalW^ AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
4§3fp§j=^ L. &M. ALEXANDER.
'"fli*-— » 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITVIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
A- LlUlUljtull i . k- wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
, Oflice and Yards— 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNJAJHEATER.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
The popular Irish comedy star,
DANIEL SULLY
In His Comedy Drama Success,
O'BRIEN
THE CONTRACTOR.
A Series of Strong Dramatic Scenes.
COMEDY AND PATHOS.
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
IS, 25, 35, 50 and 75 cents.
NextSanday,Nance!rNeil in "Magda."
COLUMBIA THEATER
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY.
HOYT'S
A PARLOR
MATCH
The leading farce comedy' production of th»
season.
Beginning next Monday afternoon.
WM. WEST'S BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
—TO-NIGHT—
—A HOME TRIUMPH!—
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
THE YELLOW DWARF.
Splendid Cast— Ballets— Catchy Music.
Graceful Gorgeous Costumes—
Scenery.
Artistic Tableau March— Brilliant Light Effects.
Timely Topicals — Merry Skits.
The Beautiful Transformation.
A Delight for Young and Old.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular prices. 25 and 50 cents. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our tel-
ephone. Bush 9. Secure your seats in advance.
THE R APPOSISTERS,
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUKINS, Acrobats.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, New Stories,
Songs and Humor.
WESTON & HERBERT, Comedy Musical
Artists.
HORACE GOLDIN, Illusionist. '
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, New Songs.
FRANK LA MONDUE, the Mute Comedian.
Last week of TAUL BATTY' BEARS.
Reserved seats 25c, balcony loc, opera chairs
and box seats 50e. '•.•fr. i . r : u
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
y\ t P A.7AH beats by
ALvHZ<AK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
FAMILY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry, Breezy, . Happy Comedy,
Humbug
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c. .
Extra Matinee SUNDAY, Benefit Stage Chil-
dren. "FIRST BORN,", by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christmas Matinee Monday—
Hoyt's "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
* • . V— '• <J • V_-<»
tINGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five oi\ More Races Daily.
DECEMBER ....1.. 12TH
To
DECEMBER 2«TH
WEDNESDAY,
- ; THE CROCKER STAKES,
FOR 2- YEAR-OLDS— ONE MILE— Entries.
Trains leave- Third-street station at 12:46 and
1:55 D- m. ■ ; .
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
Electric cars on Mission and : Kearny street*
■every three minutes. . J
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR.
, •- S. N. ANDROUS, President.
i F. H. GREEN, Secretary. - -, ; . _ •:
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Whent futures advanced.
Barley easier.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Ray and Feedstuffs the same.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables doing better.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game weuker.
Another advance in Eggs.
No change in I3utler and Cheese.
Citrus fruits still abundant.
Provisions unrhanged.
Slight advance in Hogs.
IMPORTS OF SUGAR.
Imports of Sugar into this country in the
last fiscal year were as follows:
Pounds.
Free 493.766.79S
Dutiable 2.190.063.256 |
Total '.'. 2.655.530.054 ,
In 1596-97 4. 905, 733 j
Decrease 2.230,075.679 j
The Imports for 1595-97 were unprecedented, i
due to the Increase of duty. The value of the
Imports.. last year was $60,472,703. against 539.
066,181 for the previous year. The descriptions
last year -were divided as follows:
Pounds.
Under No. 16. Dutch standard 2,587, 532.15S i
Above No. 16, Dutch standard 100.997.56Cj
The sources of the Sugar under No. 16. Dutch I
standard, imported in the last fiscal year, are I
as follows:
Pounds.
West Indies ...•• 870,73:«.4% I
Brazil 145.U02.308
Other South America 1'j2,755.22:t ;
Ea*t Indies 610,269.^6 !
Hawaiian Islands 499..G6.79S
Philippine lelands 29.459.600
Germany <. 135.054.ii00
Africa 64.435.256
United Kingdom 16.501.95 i}
Miscellaneous 12.C56.970
Total 2,687,83 M*8 J
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 19, 5 p. tn.
fhe following Are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.72 9.65 15.37
Red Mluff 0.46 3.51 6.08
Bacramento 0.64 2.56 4.36
Fan Francisco 0.70 3.67 4.07
Fresno 0.01 1.52 1.89
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 1.34 1.53
L,.s Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
Ban Diego 0.00 0.65 1.41
■Viinia 0.00 1.32 0.77
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 45: mean, 50.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
rORECAST:
The Etorm which was mentioned last night
as central off the Washington coast has moved
rapidly eastward and is now central north of
Eastern Montana. Light rain haa fallen
throughout California from San Luis Obispo
and Fresno northward and in Northern Ne
vada and Utah. Rain has also fallen in Wa?h
ington and Oregon and snow In Idaho. The
rain amounts to about half an Inch In the re
gion From San Francisco northward and to but
0.01 inch at Fresno. Light showers will occur
in portions of Northern California to-night fol
lowed by partly cloudy weather Tuesday, prob
ably with occasional light showers In extreme
north portion.
Conditions are favorable for colder weather
In Nevada and Utah Tuesday night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
liours ending midnight, December 20.
Northern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
probably with scattered showers in exfreme
rth portion; fresh west to northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday, probably
With local snow in extreme north portion;
cuoler Tuesday night and In extreme northwest :
portion Tuesday.
Utah— Local snow Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Forecast for San Francisco and vicinity—
Partly cloudy xuesday; brisk west wind.
Special from Mt. Tamalpais — wind
lipht west; temperature, 48; maximum tem
perature, 52.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— The stock market
moved irregularly an>l resulted in mixed
changes in prices. The genral market had a
good undertone, but was devoid of interesting:
' Jeatures. Little was done In the standard
stocks and the industrials, except sugar, which
broke nearly four points and rallied fraction
ally. The confirmations of the report that Sec
retary and Treasurer Searles would retire owing
to ill health was used in depressing sugar.
Central Pacific was strong in anticipation of
a reorganization plan which expected to follow
any settlement which the company may make
■with the Government. Southern Pacific, which
would beneiit in any favorable development in
Central Pacific, rose 3 points. Prices were well
ii-i'l until the last hour, when there was a
break in Atchison and the Grangers. Trad
ers worked for a decline on the theory that
t-uch a movement was usual before the Christ
mas ilidays. Active bulls professed gratifi
cation at utinuance of outside interest In the
market, which was reflected in the undue prom
lnenc- of sales of the minor stocks in the trad
ins. Tennessee Coal and Iron became strong
and moved up 2 points, and the rest of the
list sympathized in this movement fraction
ally, and the market left off firm.
Operations in railway and ■ miscellaneous se
curities were attended with the same aggres
sive show of strength which has characterized
the dealings for some time. Business was
mewhat below recent totals and a general
diversion of interest in securities not usually
prominent. T"tal sales, $5,310,000.
United States new fours and the threes ad
vanced % per cent in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 629,500,
including 12,910 Atchison; 56,930 do preferred;
34.550 Baltimore and Ohio; 36.900 Central Pacl
flc: 32,524 Burlington; 6825 Denver and Rio
Grande preferred; 15.C40 Lake Erie and West
ern: 7545 do preferred: 12,850 Louisville and
Nashville: 10,310 Manhattan; 9010 Metropolitan
Street Railway; 10,920 Missouri Pacific: 6120
Northern Pacific; 4225 Rock Island: 41,120 Union
Pacific: 10,920 do preferred; 16,520 St. Paul;
10.208 Southern Pacific; 12.820 Texas and Pa
cific: 9600 Paper; 13.150 Tobacco; 36.120 Federal
Steel: 19.520 do preferred; 3630 People's Gas
3700 Consolidated Gas; 69.620 Sugar; 22.016 Ten
nessee Coal and Iron; 4393 Rubber; 9650 Chicago
Great Western.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison IS.4 St Louis & S F.... 8%
Do iirefd 50Vj| Do prefd 68' A
Baltimore & Ohio, | Do 2d prefd 33
all assmtc paid.. 65 St Louis & S W.. 7
Canada Pacific 85 | Do prefd 15T4
Canada Southern.. r.6 |St Paul \VS\
Cent Pac 39' i Do prefd 164*
dies .t Ohio 25 ,st P & Om »1U
Chi & Alton 165V41 Do prefd 165
Chi B <fc Q in^lßt P M & M......173
Chi & c 111 57 Bo Railway 1034
Do prefd 109 Do prefd .... 4*l,
£n« O JV 15 Texas & Pacific .. 16*
Chi Ind & L 1 Union Pacific . 40'k
Do prefd 32 Do prefd 71%
Chi & N w HO% U P D & G 2d
Do prefd Ui assmt paid '..... 12
C <■ C ft St L.... «% Wabash 8
Do prefd 97 I Do prefd r >2'4
Del & Hudson ....lOl^i [Wheel & 1. E 4th
Del L & W 14.-V a.«»mt paid 574
Den & Rio G 17' 2 Do prefd. 4th
Do prefd 66 »! assmt paid 2« ;
Erie new 14 I Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd Adams Ex 108' i
l"t Wayne 17:. jAmerican V.x m
(Jt Nor prefd 13» United States .... 49
Hocking Vuiley.... Wells Karjro 125
Illinois Cent  113 i Miscellaneous—
Lake Erie & W.... ls*i A Cot Oil 33
Do prefd 70f 4 Do prefd 87,4
Lake Shore 201 Amn Spirits 12
.Louis .v Xash 63', Doprefd 35U
Manhattan L 96 Am Tobacco 141>4
Met St Ry W2V4 Do prefd 127
Mich Cent 112 Cons lias 195
Minn & St L...... 2?%lrv>m Cable Co ....17;,
Do let prefd 9!s Col F,& Iron 20VJ
Mo Pacific 42-V Do prefd 81
M bile ft Ohio 30i£ Gen Electric 925,
Mo X & T 12% Haw Coml Co 53-
Do prefd 37,4 lntnl Paper nS'i
N J Central 92 ■ Do prefd M)*i
N V Central 122% Laclede Gas 51»;
X V Chi &St L.. 14 Lr.;,a 3:
Do Ifi pre'd 70 | Do prefd 112
Do 2d prefd 3K (Nat Lin Oil BY*
Hot West lfiij, Pacific Mail 42* t
Ko Amer Co ,r., r . People's Gaß ln^•.,
No Pacific ..< n% Pullman Pal 148
Do prefd 7ii' Silver C<Tt 59U
Ontario & W 17% Standard R & T.. t%
Or R & Nay f,i Siif,-ar 12(i-,
Or Short Line 3Mii Da prefd no*;
Ps Coast Ist pfd. Kl> T C & Iron 3G'i
Do 2d prefd 01 U S Leather 6
rittsbun; 172 i Do prefd 6S*i
Heading II jU S Rubber 44', 4
Do Ist prefd 46>,£ Do pr«n\i .. in 1
r a w s« I West* Unit h ..:.:: m 2
Do prefd ........ 61 iFed sie^i c 38* i
Rock Islard io;i*;| Do prefd . 79^4
fio Pacific 32' i!
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.,..l2SH x v Central 15U..117
Do coup 1> T » NJC (S 115
V B 46 l!2'ii N Carolina 6s 125
I>n coup 113* Do 45...; 104
Do 2ds 9914 No Pac Is'.b 118
U a 6s reg 113U' Do 3s 70
Do 5s coup 112%; Do 4s 102.4
District 3.65s US INTC&StL 45..106 i;
Ala cUms A 108 Nor & W t;s 127
Do B 10S I Northwestern con. 143
Do C 100 Do deb 5s 125
Do Currency 100 O Nay lsts 114
AtchiSOn 4s .<>'i|O Nay 4s 99%
Do adj 45......... 7SV-iO S Line 6s tr....129'
Can So 2ds in OS Line S« tr....110U
C& O 4»4b 90 s Pacific 6s of 95....102 Vii
Chi Tprm 4s 94V4 Reading" 4s S6H
C * Ohio ,'s ...... H7'4|R G W l*ts 92
C H D 4VJs 104%15t L & 1 M con Es. 103%
D R O lsts 110 St L& S F gen 65. 123%
D & R G 48 101% 8t P Con l''>2'
East Term lsts lOT'.i St P C & P 15t5...122%
] Erie Gen 4s 75'« Do 5s Jl 121
P \V & D lsts tr... 85% So Ry 5s 105%
I Gen Elec 5« I"7'- Stand R & T 65.... SSf',4
iGH& 8A 6s 107 Term nfw set 35... 94
Do 2ds 103 Tex Pac L G lsts. .llo
H & T C 5s 112 Do lit? 2<ls 47%
Do con 6s 112 UF D G lsts.... 87
[ lowa C lsts 104 Wah Ist 5s lISVi
La. new con 4b 107 i Po 2<\? 93
L & N Uni 4s 97V* W Bbore 4s 112U
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries S2"
M K& T 2d5. ...1.. «7>4' Do deferred 7^
Do 4s .....91 iWls Cent lsts 64
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 14|Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 17 Ophlr 55
[ Con Cal & Va 1 15 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry.... 24 1 Do prefd..... 800
Hale & Norcross.. 1 50 ' Sierra Nevada .... S6
Honiertake 60 00, Standard 2 O<J
Iron Silver 70 i Union Con 19
Mexican 39 1 Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 60
Call loans 2(63 Ed Elec. Tel 196
Time loans ZiiA Gen Elec prefd 15!>
Stocks— Atch prefd 50%.
Atch Top &St Fe. IR*» Bonds—
Amer Sustar 120 T fc Atchison 4s 98%
Do prefd 11l Wig Central G3....12S
Bay State Gas 2V Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 276 Aliouez Mm C 0.... 8H
Boston & Albany. .2)7 'Atlantic 3OVs
Boston & Maine... 170 jjjston & M0nt.... 254
Boston I S2 i ;'Hutte. & Boston 77
Chi Bur & Q 121' i Calumet & Hecla..6lo
Fitchburg 107 ("entennlal 29*4
Gen Electric 52% Franklin Boston 1S&
Bur & Q 121% Calumet & Hecla..6lo
tiburg in? ['entennial 29' i
Else-trie BSV Tranklin IS}*
Mexican Central... 6.4 jMd Dominion 32\
NY & N Eng.... 96 (isceola '2%
Old Colony l?7><i *)uincy 135
Or Short Line 3S j.' amaracfc" 171
1 Rubber 44 IfVolverine .'. 31%
Union Pac 40»g jhurott So' 4
"West End i<«»» llumboldt 3' 2
Do prefd 11l Cninn Land ll'/»
Westingh Elec 39% Adventure 8%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
The markets here were good in tone and a
fair business was done, considering proximity
of the holidays. Americans were quiet and hes
itated until afternoon, when they hardened
steadily, closing at the best. The dealings In
them were small. The features were Balti
more and Ohio, Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred and Central Pacifies. Spanish bonds
Fpurted to 44 6 , on rumors of a French loan.
Twenty thousand pounds gold arrived fr"m
Australia and £83.000 from the Cape. Thirty
thousand pounds were taken for Malta. Ger
many took the hulk of the Cape arrivals at
77s ll%d. Money was firm. About a million in
loans from the bank was renewed.
LONDON. Dec. 19.— Canadian Pacific, 87%;
Grand Trunk, 7; bar silver, weak. 27% d: money,
2%@3 per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 44%.
PARIS, Dec. 19.— Spanish fours closed at 44.90.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Money on call firmer
at 2Vitfj3 per cent; last loan 2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3(§4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady with actual busi
ness In bankers" bills at $4 S4 l 4>g i 4 S4-\i for de
mand and at $4 81^174 S2 for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 52% and $4 85%; commercial bills,
14 80%.
Sliver certificates. 69%@60%c.
Bar silver, 69Hc.
Mexican dollars". 46»ic.
Government bonds, strong: state bonds weak;
railroad bonds, strong.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19— FLOUR— Receipts,
32,194; exports, 21.536; moderately active and
steadier, influenced by the advance In wheat,
closing firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 237,725 bushels; exports,
120,628. Spot dull; No. 2 red. 77% c. r. o. b.
afloat. Options opened ?4c higher, cables being
favornble and speculation quite general, in
cluding a foreign demand for May contracts.
Later the market sold off under liquidation
following an increase in the visible supply, but
again rallied on covering and renewed invest
ment buying, assisted by firm accounts from
Chicago. The close was steady, "4<&%c net
higher: December, 73i4ig74c, closed 7354 c; March,
75«i75?j.c, closed 75% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIGIRON— quiet, nominally at
$7 25%.
LAKE COPPER— with $12 00 asked and
|U 95 bid.
TlN— Firm, $18 bid and $1S 10 a*ked.
LEAD— Very firm, with $3 SO bid and $3 S2V4
asked. ; ■•' r-
SPELTER— Quiet, at $5 25. r.i 5 '
The firm naming tha settling prices for lead
ing miners and smelters in the West quotes
lead $3 65 and copper $12 75.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
10 to 15 points higher. Sales, 20,500 bags. In
cluding: December, $5 SO; January. $5 70<§5 SO;
March, $5 9S@6; April. .$6; May, $6(56 10: June.
$6 05; July, $6 15: August. $6 20; September, $6 20
@6 25; October. $6 30; November, $6 25<ii6 35.
Spot coffee— Rio, firmer; No. 7 Invoice, $6 87%
@7; No. 7 Jobbing, $7 37 1 Mild, firm. Cor
dova, $7 75<§15.
SUGAR— Fair refining, $3 37%: cen
trifugal. 96 test. $4 37%; molassesf $3 62%; re
fined steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 7740 packages; firm.
ElKins, 21c; factory. 12(g14%c.
Receipts, 6354 packages; firm. West
erns, 26c; Southern, 22@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— California dried fruits,
SW YORK, Dec. 19.— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9®9}4c; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 4@I(Kc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark, 14@17c.
PEACHES— 8%@12%c; peeled, 18®
20e.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. With plenty of bull
news to encourage buyers, wheat started strong
and in good demand at an advance of %@%e.
May at 67%<g67%c. A few small-sized lots were
disposed of almost immediately at 67% c. The
big factor was the strength at Liverpool. That
market, considering the weakness developed in
I the Chicago market Saturday, showed a some
| what surprising degree of firmness, advances
I ranging from U to % being recorded. Accom
panying the Liverpool quotations were reports
of continued rains In Argentine. Later on
estimates of the exportable surplus of that
country placed the amount at but 30,000,000
busheis and said the quality would be poor.
General rains were also reported in the winter
wheat belt of this country. World's shipments
showed a marked falling off from last week,
the total being placed at 7,397,000 bushels. The
■harp opening advance provoked a lot of re
| alizing, and under this the market \eased off
! to 67% c, where the market held for some time.
I About 11 o'clock the market weakened on the
enormous increase in stocks at Buffalo, which
caused a complete overturning of the calcula
tions as to the visible supply. As a result of
this, visible increase was placed at 3,821.000
bushels, a small decrease having been looked
for. A break of HiSVic occurred in consequence.
But before noon the market had again turned
strong and remained so for the balance of
th» session. Toward the -close the. market was
helped by the excellent local cash business,
sales of 25.000 bushels all-rail shipment being
reported. A good deal of the early realizing
and the short selling was caused by the
heavy northwest receipts, 1495 cars. Rumors
that the visible fipurns w?re incorrect ; also
h'lped late In the session. May rallied to
67%fi?67"6c and closed at G7%«?67%c.
Wet weather was the principal influence in
corn. That market, though not very active,
ruled firm and higher all day. May closed %c
higher .at 35% c.
Onts were firm and slightly higher, principal
ly In sympathy with corn. May closed at 26^4c.
Hog prices and the tone of grain markets
favored buyers of provisions. Although pack
ers, and local longs sold liberally .it times,
offerings were well taken and prices were
maintained. At the close May pork was un
changed: May lard a shade higher, and May
ribs a shade lower.
;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clo? e.
Wheat No. 2—
December 66V4 66% C 6 66
May 67*4 677» 67% 67%
Cirn No. 2—
December ."!<% 34H ' 34U 3^
May K% 35V4 SSU £**
i July 35>i SB% 33% 35%
I Oats No. 2—
I December 26% 26% 26 2G
Ma . v •••••-, 2G% 26% 26& i 26%
Mess Pork, pr barrel-
January 9 4.". 945 9 37% 940
i May 9 72% 975 965 9 67%
Lard, per r< o pounds
! January .... .'...5 12% Sli 510 5 12%
May 5 37% 5 57% 5 32% .5 35
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds —
: January 4 f.', 4 67% 4 62% 4 62V.
: May 4 85 4 85 4 80 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, Vi '""<•:
! No. 2 red. 69c; No. 2 , «irn. 34-^c; No. t oats
26«-i©27%c; No. 2 white. 2Ssi(t(23c: No. 3 white.
2S%c: No 2 rye. 64%@54"ic; No. 2 bnrley, f. o.
b., 41®4Sc; No. 1 flax seed. $1J|4%«1 05; prime
timothy seed, $2 30: mess pork, p--r barrel $s 10
I <i/% U; lard, 1 per 100 pounds, $.', 02Q$5 07%; short
j ribs sides (loose). $t "<i 75; dry salted shoul
j ders (boxed), 4V<;4-.c; - short clear sides
i <boxed). $4 f2V,IH S3; whisky, distillers' finished
| poods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf 5.95 c;
I granulated, 5.45 c.
Articles— '; ■ ■ Receipts. Shipment*
Flour, barrels 43,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 170.000 ID 000
| Corn, bushels MO.COO 84.000
Oats, bushels 459,000 199.0"Q
I Rye, bushels .i;., 000 10,000
I Barley, bushels 158.000 19,000
On the Produce Exr-hanse to-day the Butter
market was Fteady; creameries, Hig2oc; dairies,
!SOMe. Cheese, steady. B%<Bl<H4c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh. 2XHc
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipment*.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 1,080.300 43.74(
Duluth 233,424 1.1"
Milwaukee £6.450 58.500
Chicago 163,600 7.60 C
Toledo 25.570 7.60 C
St. Louis 44,000 87.00 C
Detroit ...... 12,874 2.249
Kansas City 139,000 W.OOO
Totals 1,791,218 229,216
' Tidewater— . .- ■ •■. ■ >. .
Boston 28,501
New York 237,725 120.63S
Philadelphia 7,178 * 37,993
Baltimore 103,074 .......
New Orleans :.. . -' 236,100
Galveston ...; 86,884 '
Totals 463,36? '.' 894,731
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. May.
Opening.. 5 11 5 9?4 5 S"4
Closing 5 11% 5 10% 6 8%
PARIS FUTURES."
Flour —
Opening: 45 00 44 50
Closing
Wheat—
Opening 22 40 20 75
Closing .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— CATTLE— Small receipts
imparted considerable to the market, desirable
about 10c higher. Beef cattle, $3 90@4 25 for
the poorer lots, up to $5 50tfi5 95 for prime to
fancy shipping grades, bulk at $4 70@5; feed-
Ing cattle, $4 30@4 40.
HOGS— Prices ruled decidedly higher than at
the close Saturday. Hogs sold at nufte a wide
range, the poorest going at $3 15(^3 25; prime
lots at $3 45@3 50. Sales were largfly at J3 15@
3 25 for heavy and $3 25@3 35 for lightweights.
Pigs sold at $3@3 25.
SHEEP— The rain Ftorm made the market
for sheep and lambs worse than usual. Lambs
■old at $3 76@4 50 for common to fair up to
$n(gs 40 for good to choice; with sales largely
at $4 75@5 25; yearlings, $4 10@4 50. Good to
choice sheep, $3 90@4 10. • : .
Receipts— Cattle. 13,000; hogs, 43,000; sheep,
20,000. - - . . .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 19.— CATTLE—
8000. Market strong to 10c higher; native
steers, $2 70@5 25; cows and heifers, $1 25@4 25;
stockers and feeders. $3 15@4 25: bulls, $2@3 70.
Receipts, 10,000. Market steady to
strong. Bulk of sales, $3 25@3 35; heavies, $3 23
&3 40; packers, $3 20@3 35; mixed. $3 15®3 35;
lights, $3 10@3 25; yorkers, $3 20<7?3 25; plgs 4
$j@a 20. • '
SHKEP-Receipts. 200. Market steady.
Lambs, $410!g5 50; muttons, $2@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. ' CATTLE— Receipts. 600.
Market 10c higher. Native beef steers, $4 30®
5 50; Western steers, $3 So@4 40; Texas steers,
$3 50@'4; cows and heifers, $3@3 90; canners,
$21? 2 90; stockers and feeders, $3 25@4 40; calves,
$466 75; bulls, stag- etc., $2<g3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 6SOO. Market strong. Heavy,
$3 25@8 30: mixed. $3 25<g-3 27: light, $3 30<§3 35;
pigs. $3<@3 25; bulk of sales, $3 25@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1600. Market slow to 10c
lower. Native muttons. $3 60®4 35; Western
muttons, ?3 40@4; stock sheep, «2 60(33 60; lambs.
$4@5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 650.
Market firm. Beef steers, $3 50@4 25; cows,
$2 7503-55; feeders, freight paid to river, J3 25®
4; stockers, freight paid, $3 75@4 15; bulls,
Mrk*. etc.. $1 75@2 75. -
Receipts, 350. Market dull and steady.
Light packers, $3 iO@3 35; mixed, $3 25<33 30;
heavy, $3 10@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Market slow and
steady; good fat mutto-- $4 60®5 25; lambs,
$3 75<i}4 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— Consols, 110 7-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, lOlf 97^c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet; No. 1 standard California, 325; English
country markets, quiet; Import Into United
Kingdom, wheat, 366,000; import Into United
Kingdom, flour, 328.000; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, I 2.190,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1.130,000;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
11.000; Indian shipments of wheat to Continent,
22,000.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. Wheat, firm: wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, f.rm; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— firm; No.tf red. Western win
ter, 6s 2%d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s l%d.
Futures closed quiet; December, 5s ll%d;
March, 5s 10% d; May, os B%d. • •
CORN— firm; American mixed, 3s lOd.
Futures, hteady: December, 3s 10% d; January,
3s i>Vid; March, 3s B%d.
GRAIN IMPORTS AT .LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 19.— Imports of wheat dur
ing the week were: From Atlantic ports, 101,
900 quarters; from Pacific ports, none; from
other ports, 4000 quarters.
Imports of corn from Atlantio ports for the
week were 43,000 quarters.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able oash balance, $251,696,111; gold reserve,
$244,695,466.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY."
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat for
the week ending Saturday, December 17. as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange,
Is as follows:
Increase. Decrease.
Bushels. Bushels. Bushels.
Wheat 30,659,000 3,610.000
Corn 18,154,000 306,000
Oats 6,009,000 643,000
Rye 1,126.000 102 000
Barley 4,169,000 167,000 '....
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 19.— Exchanges, $396,
197; balances, $60,755.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 19.— The . local wheat
market presented the usual Monday features of
dullness, which found but little relief In the
foreign acH ices. Walla Walla, 58Hc. Sale of
some sixty-one pound wheat was made late
Saturday at 59c. Valley, 60@61c; Blue Stem
62c.
Cleared— British ship Brodick Castle, for
Antwerp. SS.BS2 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 19.— Club, 59c-
Blue Stem, 62@62%c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling: Exchange. 60 day 5........ — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4gs
Sterling Cables — 4 S3V4
New York Exchange, sight — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59',^
Mexican Dollars — . «7v»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — An advance of a cent at Chicago
i resulted in a corresponding rise here in fu
j tures, though spot quotations remained undls
• turbed.
| Spot Shipping, $1 15@1 17%; milling,
I $1 20(51 22Va-
CALL BOARD SALES.
I Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— lß 000
ctl?, $1 IS; 6000, $1 18H; 2000,. $1 18V4.
Second Session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 ls%. •■ ;.
Regular Morning Session— May— l6,ooo ctls.
*1 li> i; 00,000 *1 i:»: 22.000, $1 18%. " *
Afternoon Session — — 2000 ctls, $1" 18%; 26
000. $1 18%. : . : •
BARLEY— market was easy and dull ow
ing to the rain, but there was no pronounced
I change in quotations.
Feed, |1 25®1 30; Brewing, Jl 35@1 45 per
ctl. . -
CALL BOAF.T) SALES.
Informal Session— Sjla o'clock— No sales.
Second Session No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller, 18D9, new—
2000 ctls. 96% c; 2000, 97c.
Afternoon Session— Seller, 1599, new— ctlo
I M\c; 2000, 96% c.
I OATS — Dealers report a fair Jobbing business
at unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%@1 30 ■. per ■ cti: good
Ito choice, Jl 22V4@1 25: common, $1 20;
Surprise. U 35@1 42<4; Gray, $1 20©l 22V4; mlll
. Inc. $1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 47H; Black,
SI 60@l 70. . ....
CORN— Previous prices are quoted for East
ern, with not much business.
Small round yellow. Jl 17 l 2 1 20; Eastern
• large yellow, $! ]o@l 12^; white, $1 10@l 12>4;
1 mixed. $1 07& per ctl; California white, $1 12V4
@l 15. - .
«>>"ornia, $1 17^4@1 20; Eaatern, $1 15
per cfl
3UC:KWHEAT—Is nominal.
FLOUR AND : MILLSTUFPS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 1504 25; bakers'
extras, *3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are ns fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, . $2 75 per
100: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. %t 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats. U 50; Hominy. $3 "c>Sf3 50: buckwheat
Flour. U'<H 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 76; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 S3<£6 25;. In sacks, $5 66®6 05; Pearl
Burley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, {4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDBTUFF3.
The rain checked trading, In Hay and quota
tions accordingly remain unaltered. FeedstufTs
remain the snme.
BRAN— sls@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *I9®2O 50 per ton. :
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed per ton. 60027 50 per
EDSTITFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 50@27 50per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31@31 60; job
blnr. $i:-i/;;2 50; Cocoanut Cake, *24525; Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 500
■ Cracked Corn, $24@25. Cornmeal, $23 500
: Cracked Corn, $24@25.
LIFORNIA HAT— Wheat. $16 50@13 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades:
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@16 50:
Oat, $14@15 CO; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11@12 £0; Stock, $11@12; Clever, nominal. ,-
OUTSIDE HAY— Oregon. t'tah. etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 r>o<B>ls: Cheat.
$11 75@12 75; Alfalfa, $10@10 50; Oat. $13 5f1#15;
Clover, $ll 50@12; Timothy, $11 50©18 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quoted quiet and steady at the
familiar prices-. There is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayoß, $2@2 10; Small Whites.
$2 15@2 20; Large Whites, $1 70<??l 90; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds. $3 15!?3 25: Blackeye. $3 75©4,
Butters, $2@2 50: Limas, $3 25 3 30; Pea. $2 300
2 60; Red Kidneys, $2 40<g'2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustnrd. $4 25; Flax. $2®2 25: Canary
Seed, 2^4(g2^c per lb; Alfalfa, sH@6Sic; Rape.
t%^2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 6®sHc.
DRIED PEAS— $1 60®l 75; Green, $175
©1 85 per ctl. '
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are In demand and firm and recent
large receipts have cleaned up well at strong
prices. ! Onions are also in good shape. yVege
tables are tending upward under light supplies.
POTATOES— iO@6sc per ctl for Early Rose;
50@f>0c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, ; Oregon, Ssc<3sl 25; Sweet Pota
toes, 50@60c for Nearby and $1 25@1 35 for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, 'H®2%c per lb. ':
ONIONS— 50®SOc per ctl.' ■
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 7c; String
Beans, 7@Sc; Cabbage. 40@50c;. Tomatoes, 25@
50c for Bay and 75c@$l for Los Angeles; Egg
riant, 10c per lb; Garlic. 7@Sc per lb; Dried
Okra. 16e per lb; Green Peppers, 4!guc per lb;
Dried Peppers. 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $8
10- per ton; Carrots, 25(^350 per sack.
POULTRY AND GAMB.
Three cars of Eastern arrived and sold at $5
@5 £0 for Hens, $5@6 for young Roosters, $4 60
for old : Roosters, $5 50 for Ducks, . $1 50 for
Geese and 12@13c for Turkeys. .
■ Local Poultry was nominal, as usual on Mon
day, ... , ■;■ :
Game was weaker. ■ ■-.«••
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12V4@15c; live
Turkeys, 12^@14c for Gobblers and 12@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Uosllncs.
$1 £o@l 75; . Ducks. $4^,6 50 for old and $4 50@
6 50 for young; Hens. $3 50@4 60; young Roos
ters, $4@4 50; old Roosters, $4; Fryers. $4;
Broilers, $4,. for large, $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $l@i 25 per dozen for old and $1 50&
2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $125; Mallard, $3®4; Canvas
back. $S<&!>; Sprig, $2@2 50; Teal, $I©l 23; Wid
geon, $1 26#] 50; Small Duck, $I@l 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jnck Snipe, $I@l 23; Gray Oeese.
$2 50; White Geese, $125; Brant, $1 50@l 75;
Honkers. $3@4; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails - and .$1 ; for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
■ ' -
Eggs have again advanced under lighter
stocks and are firm.
Butter and Cheese show«no change, and are
quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; «ec
onds, 28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@27c; I common
grades, lS@24c.
Pickled Goods— 17@18c; pickled roll.
17@lSc for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22'S22Vic.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16H0 per
Ib: Elgin. 22#22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new,. 12@12%c; ( old, 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar. T2iiJl2V4c; Young Ainer
lcn. 12iffl3c; Eastern, 12f;13c.
EGGS— Ranch Epgs. 35®37^c per dozen; sec
onds. 30@33c; Eastern, 22H@250 for ordinary
and 28@30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Stocks of Oranges, Lemons and Limes con
tinue heavy and the market is quiet. Other
fruits are about the 6ame.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 50@9 per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 36@C0c for common. 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. Jl 25'gl 75; Spitzenbergs, In barrels, $5@S.
ppars— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons, $I@l 25 per box.
CITRUS KRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, $i<ii l 50;
Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2'fjx for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 6004; Cali
fornia Limes, 25©75 c per small box; drape
Fruit. $1 50@3 50; Bananas. $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3^(5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Hc for RAISINS.
D FRUlT— Prunes. $%c for 40-50's. 4\40
6c for 60-60 3%@3%c for CO-70's. 2%@3c for
70-S0 f s, 2%«2%c for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
lH@l?io for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2%<gsc;
Peaches, 6(g7%e for good to choice, 7ft@Sc for
fancy and 10©12% c for peeled: Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12'5'12Ht > f or Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, "tWilVic; sun dried. 4<g,4Hc; Black
Figs, sacks, 2@2V4c; Plum», ; 4H@6c for pitted
and I@lVic for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears. 6@Sc for quarters and
tj(<;9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4*ic for three
frown. 6*ic for four-crown. 5%@6V4c for Seed
ess Sultanas. 4<£c for Seedless Muscatels and
$120 for. London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%©3 c
NUTS— Chestnuts, B((j>l2^c per lb; Walnuts
6@7c for hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
monds, €@7c for hardshell. 13c for softshell, 14®
15c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern
and 4>£@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50«5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and Bff9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V.®
7c; lluht amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6®ssi<j
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
. PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per >IT> for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. lO^o
for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10@10&c: California
Hams. 8%@9%c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl; extra
Mes3 Beef, $11: Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $18; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked Beef. 11%@12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5V4c per lb for
compound and 7©7 l for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 7»2c; io-lb tins, 7=>4c; 5-lb tins, Sc.
COTTOLENE— o'i^Viic; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9%c;
8-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb palls, 12 In a
rase, SV>c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S^c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.-
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDH6 AND SKINS— CuIIa. and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S%c; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool. 30@40c
each; medium, C0@80c; long wool. 90c@$l 10
each;. Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for large and
lie for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $150
for large and 50c(S$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined. 4%@5c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. .12
months', 7©9 c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', 85?9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 1}
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9®llc:
Humboldt and Mendoeino. 14@15c; Nevada, 9&
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. ..
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoeino '. 9ißll
Northern Mountain 7(9 8
Southern- :J ;........ 6® 7hb
Plains • 6<& t
HOPS— IB 93 crop, 12%®14cper Ib for ordinary.
14i4<ftl5%c for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy. ': '•:
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs have advanced - a fraction. No other
changes. ■*--*>. '■;■■: ■- v .
Wholesale rates from : slaughterers to dealers
are as. follows: • '' - ' '
BEKF- First quality, 6Vic; second quality, 6c;
third quality.. 4ViQ6%C. .
VEAL— Larare. 6\i@V6c: small. fiH^Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c. ■
LAMB— 7H(3Sc per lb. . .
PORK— Live Hogs. 4??4Hc for large. 4Vi(5 > 4%c
for medium. ■ and 3i«®S\4c for small: • stock
Hogs, 2',iT/3o; dressed -Hogs, 6@6^4c for prime.
I . GENERAL , MERCHANDISE.
BAOS — Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4 J %iJ?!>e ; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85. .
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
J6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cutnberl&nd. $S SOO9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs y and
Castle Gate. $7 00; Coke, $12 per ton In : bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Susrur Refining- Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered, O^c; Candy
Granulated, f.'V ; Dry Granulated. S^c; Confec
tioners'. A, 6*ic: California A. s\4c; Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C.. fi»4c; Golden C, oMic; half-barrels.'
y,c more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken . for less than 75 j barrels or ita
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. ''
For Monday, December 19.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 17.1S3|Btraw, . tons 22
Wheat, ctls 5 I Wool, bales.. 53
Barley, ct15...... Pelts, bdls 2.">S
Corn, ctls 25 1 Hides, bd15....... . 549
Butter, ct15....... \ IS L!m<\ bbls 91
Cheese, ctls ' 10. Eggs, doz ..... 570
Tallow, . ct15...... 24". Leather, , rolls 234
Beans, sks 3fi7 Lumber, feet 25,000
Potatoes, - sks 9,350 Wine, gals ..-. 67.400
Onions, 5k5....... 960 Sugar, bags 1.655
B ran, 5k5.....' 2,67o|Kugar. bb1a. ;..... sr,
I Middlings, sks... 640iltaislns. bx5...... 802
Shorts, sks 25 ' Brandy, ga15...... 5,997
Hay, tons '.'!( *
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 700IOats, ctls ....• 420
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 6,410 Wool, ba1e5....... 16
W,heat.* ct15....... 1,500 ! Flour, sks... • 4,720
Barley, ct15....... tS» !■ ■
EASTERN
Corn, ctls '.. • 40u|*U; ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed.
A rule- Is assessed sc.
The North Gould & Curry assessment falls
delinquent in office to-day and the Alta delin
quent sale takes place also.
In local securities better prices were paid
for Hawaiian Commercial and Oceanic Steam- ;
ship. The former advanced to $56 and the lat
ter to $62. Gas and Electric sold up to $S8 75
and Hutchlnson to $64 75. The feeling was very
firm in these securities and business showed a
marked increase.
At the annual meeting of the Mount Diablo
Mill and Mining Company John Tonnlngsen.
John McCarthy, J. B. Bourne, R. W. Heath
and P. H. Whittemore were elected directors, j
John Tonnlngsen was re-elected president, John
McCarthy vice president. R. TV. Heath secre
tary, Bank of Caluomia depository of funds
and B. F. Edwards agent at Candelarla. Nev.
At the annual meeting of the Andes Mining
Company Charles H. Fish was chosen a direc
tor and president Jn place of Nat T. Messer.
The other directors were re-elected as follows:
E. L. Parker, Herman Zadig, W. Edwards and
G. C. Sneider.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company all the old directors were
re-elected, with Albert Miller as president. W,
Baurhyte secretary and C. O. G. Miller treas
urer.
Dividends will be paid as follow?: Home
stake MlDinß Company of South Dakota. j>n
the 26th, the regular dividend of 25c per share
and an extra one of the same amount, the two
aggregating $82,500; a $20,000 dividend by the
Mercur mine of I'tah to-day: the Florence Min
ing Company of Montana, a dividend of 3 cents
per share, $25,000, to-day; the Centennial. Eu
reka, Utah, 50 cents per share, $15,000, to-day;
the Nugget Mining Company of Colorado, 2
cents per share, $20,000, payable immediately;
Matoa G. M. Co. of Colorado, 24 cents per
share, $25,000, payable December 24; the Spring
Valley Water Company a regular monthly divi
dend of 50 cents per share, to-day.
The Uphill Water Ditch Company of Tulare
County has levied an assessment of $15 per
share, delinquent January 14.
The Gould & Curry Mining Company has re
elected the old directors, with Herman Zadlg
as president, Charles H. Fish vice president, A.
K. Durbrow secretary, Patrick Kervln super
intendent and Nevada Bank depository of funds.
The Kennedy Mining and Milling Company
of Amador County has re-elected the old di
rectors, with John Barton as president, Daniel
E. Hayes vice president. E. C. Hutchinson sec
retary and J. F. Parks superintendent. During
the past year this company has paid twelve
ni'inthly dividends*.
At the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine the work of stripping and preparing the
C. & C. shaft to receive the pressure pipe was
continued during the past week.
In the Ophlr mine no work was done through
the Ophir shaft during the pas«t week. In the
old Central tunnel the east crosscut started
170 feet north and 200 feet west from the Mexi
can "haft has been extended 20 feet; total
length. 28 feet; face In porphyry and clay.
The official report from the Sierra Nevada
mine for the week ending December 17 is as
follows: The northwest drift from the station
at the 140-foot level of the shaft was ad
vanced 35 feet, making a total of 508 feet: face
In porphyry and clay. Part of the week has
been occupied In repairs. On the 900 foot level
the north drift started from the top of the
raise, 80 feet above the 900 foot level, was ad
vanced 10 feet; total length, 32 feet; face In
porphyry.
In the Union Consolidated mine the raise
above the 900 foot level has been carried up 6
feet; total height, 254 feet. The face is in clay
and quartz.
In the Cl-.ollar and Potosi mines repairs to
the station anil drifts on the tunnel or 60 foot
level have been completed.
The official letter from the Occidental Con.
says: The work of stoping out the ore on the
450 level is progressing. The chutes are full and
the ore Is being sent to the mill. On the 500
level the ore chute has been encountered; as
says show $39 50 to the ton. The mill started
up December 16. Forty tons of ore were sent
to the mill; average battery assays, $12 per
ton gold value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Dec. 19-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
T\ S. Bonds— Pac L Co 454 494
4s quar coup.. — — S FG & E... BH% 89'
4s quar reg...— — San Fran 3% 3%
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. 10% 14
3s quar cou p . . 106*4 W'i Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Flrem's Fund. 2ll —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 50 55
C C Wat 55.. .Wl — Marln Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 984 Spring Valley. — 102
E L & P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F& (1 Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 634 65
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1..234%257
H C & S 545. — — Cal SDiT.. 974100
L A I, Co 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.2lß4 —
Do gnt<i 68.. 100 — Lon P & A.... 133 —
M&rket-St G5.,129 — Mer Exchange — 18
Do Ist M ss. 115 115% Nev Nat 8....176 —
N C N G R 75. 108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .115 — Ger S & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal ss. .105^106 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65. 103 — Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R Gs.lol — S F Say U. 500 —
| N Cal R R 58.103 105 S & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
! P &Cl Ry 65. 107 — Street Railroads— .
P &O 6s 112 — California ....1094 — v
I'owell-st 65... 117*4122*4 Geary 45 —
| Sac El Ry ss. 100 — Market-st .... 584fc 584
! SF & N P 6s.U<Hi — Oak S L & H. — —
! PierraßCal 6s. 10441054 Presidio 94 —
j S P of Ar 65. .111* — Powder—
I 8 P 068(1905-6)113 1124 California 14S —
i BPC 6s 0912)1174 — E Dynamite... 85 95
ISPC Is eg 55. 103 — Giant Con Co. 59% 60
! SPBr 6s 11S4 — Vißorit 3% 3%
■ S V Water 65. 119 120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 103 103%! Al Pac A55n. .104% —
S V W4s(3dm>.lol 102 iGer Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — I Hana PI Co.. 17*4 17*4
'Jas & Electric— |H C & S Co.. 56 56*4,
Capital Gas... — — 'Hutch S P Co. 64% 65
Cent Gaslight. los — ! Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
I Cent L & P... 14*4 16 lOceanic S Co.. 61% 62*4
j Mutual El Co. 11** 114|Pac A F A... 1 14
Pac Gas Imp.. 87 SS4jPac C Bor Co.lol —
Oakland Gas..— 52% I Par Paint Co. 7*4 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 California Powder 146 75
6 Giant Powder Con 59 874
25 Giant Powder Con ".ft 75
200 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 55 00
55 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugarf 55 25
50 Market-st Railway, s 30 58 374
275 Hutchinson S P Co 64 00
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. los 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 60 00
110 f Oceanic S S Co 60 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 87 25
10 B F Gas & Electric Co 87 374
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
10,) S F Gaslight 3 25
$1000 S P Branch Ry bonds 118 50
Street—
$9000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 105 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 California Powder 148 Of)
$15,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 102 00
50 Giant Powder Con 60 00
15 Giant Powder Con 69 S7*4
r.O Hana Plantation Co 17 25
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 65 75
210 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 00
60 Market-st Railway 58 37*4
21n Market-st Railway 58 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 64 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 64 624
60 Mutual Electric Light H 25
20 Oceanic S S^Co 6125
20 Oceanic S S Co i 61 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 1 6175
65 Oceanic S S Co 62 00
25 Oceanic S S Co, b 3 62 00
25 Pacific Lighting 4» 00
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 8S 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 124
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 60 8S 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 25
30 S F Gas & Electric Co S8 374
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 50
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 75
60 Vlgorlt Powder 350
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
120 Equitable Gaslight g 00
25 Market-st 58 37%
40 Giant 60 00
15 S V Water 102 00
Street—
f.O Equitable Gaslight 8 00
25 Central Light & P 15 50
Afternoon Session.
60 Equitable Gaslight % 00
40 Hawaiian 55 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session..
soo Belcher 18 1 100 Mexican 31
£.00 Best & Belcher. 36.400 Mcxli an ... 32
800 Con rat & Va...l 10'SOO Ophtr *,«
GO Con Cal & Va...l 15300 Ophir ... 57
600 Gould & Curry. 26 100 Potosi is
100 Gould & Curry. 27 200 Sierra Nevada!.' $7
£00 Justice 18 ; 600 Union Cons 11
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 04 200 Ophir rj
TOO BL-st & Belcher. 35 200 Overman '" 08
300 Bullion 02 200 Sierra Nevada" 82
200 Caledonia 20; 100 Sierra Nevada" 81
3'X) Con Cal & Va...i 10 1 100 Union Con ' 13
200 Gould & Curry. 26 200 Union Con 14
100 Kentuck 07 100 Utah '" 11
100 Mexican JfO 300 Yellow Jacket.! 15
100 Ophlr 53
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
j 3'W Best & Belcher. 3fi 300 Justice ig
1200 Best & Belcher 35 f/>0 Mexican ?T
i 3<ki Chollar 17 700 Mexican .'.'. »4
: 300 ("hollar *.. 16,20 ft Ophlr ' m
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 10J400 Potosi
I 500 Con Cal & Va.l 0741200 Savage
• f.'pO Confidence 60 300 Sierra Nevada" <M\
TOO Gould & Curry.. 26! 300 Sierra Nevada" 89
?00 Hale & Norcrs.. 13 200 Sierra Nevada" 86
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 12 700 Union Con ifi
400 Hale & Norcrs.. 11 200 Utah '.'.'.'.'.'. n
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 181650 Ophir r»
, KO Best & Belcher. 35:400 Savage * ?>
600 Con Cal & Va...l 05 1 900 Sierra Nevada" ft)
I 100 Confidence 6S> WO Standard j«
I 200 Hale & Norcrs.. 11 200 Union Con is
I 600 Mexican 30 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Dec. 13—4 p. m.
Bid Ask. Bld.Ask^
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia — °*
Alta 08 10 Justice 15 j>
Andes 03 05 Kentuck '*> «■
Belcher 16 IS L;idy Wash.... — -'
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican » il
Best & Belcher 34 36 Occidental 110 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr °_% "••
Caledonia 20 22 Overman 0. "j»
Chollar 16 17 Potosl Jj "
Challenge Con. — 18 ! Savage H *■;
Confidence 58 CO Scorpion — »}
Con Cal & Va..l 05 1 lOfSeg Helcher.... y2 "■>
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. SO «
Crown Point... *14 lb BUyer Sill — °°
Con New York -- f5 Syndicate 05
Eureka Con 30 — Standard 225 —
Exchequer — 02 I'nion Con 13 14
Gould & Curry- 25 *s,Utah 1
Hale & Norcrs. l\ 13 Yellow Jacket. 16 IS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E D. F. and Daniel Hanlon to Charles F.
Hanlon, lot on S line of Jackson street. 123 E
of Van Ness avenue, E 25 by S 127:8»4; *&.
John J. Crone to Margaret Crone, same; $5.
City and County of San Francisco to William
Axford, lot on W line 'Harrison street. 137:6
N of Nineteenth, N 50 by W 245; — -
H. R. and Mary Schmuckert to Monarch
Mutual Building and .Loan Association, lot on
E line of Sanchez street, 103 N of Nineteenth.
N 26 by E 100; $10. • ■• ■
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Mary S.
and Sarah A. Denis, lot on \V line of Klmball
place 60 S of Sacramento street, also 81:6 W of
Leavenworth, S 25:10 by W 56; 110. ;
Edward Logan to Maria Logan (wife), lot on
X\V line of Clary street, 252:1 NE of Fifth,
NE 22:11 by NW 80; gift. - ■■ ■
Alonzo Davidson to lsilzateth Davidson
(wife), lot on S line of Natoma street. 1%:< I W
of Fifth and 160 W of Howard, W 21:3 by S 80;
Solomon and Dora Getz to Annie Somersett.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Annie Somersett.
lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 270 S of K.
street, 25 and Joel A. Eastman (by Ferdinand
Margaret and Joel A. Eastman (by Ferdinand
Reis Jr. and W. S. Pardy. trustees) to_Pa
cific States Saving Loan and Building Com
pany 1722 d. 227.. NW De Mountfort and
Faxon avenues, N 50 by W 100. lots 1_ to 4.
block 24. Lakevlew. trustees' deed; *3870.
Anton and S. Bank to same, lot on SW line
of Falkland (Sixteenth) street. 225 SE of Sus
quehanna (N), SE 25 by SW 100. lot 10, block
330, Case Tract; $600.
George and Bertha Lorenz to J. J. Raver,
lots 25 and 26, block R, Park Lane Tract No. 5;
* 3 John W. and Annie L... Wright to Henry
Kummer. lot on SE line of Naples street 260
SW of Japan, SW. 25 by SE 100.. 10t 2 block t>3.
Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
John O'Rourke to Catherine O'Rourke undi
vided y, lot on S line of Pine street, 144:11 E of
Van Ness avenue. E 23:5 by S 120: gift.
X W. and Anna B. Gray to John H. Spring,
lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 260 W of
Church. W CO by N 114; $10. ■
Andrew S. Graham to Solomon Getz, lot on
W line of Ninth street, 275 S of N street. S 50
by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Horace H. Watson to M. L. E. Miller, lot on
S line of Merrlmac stre«t. 375 E of Telegraph
avenue, E 48 by S 143, Oakland; $100.
First National Bank of Oakland to Margaret
A. Wells, lot on N line of Laurel street. 117 E
of Grove, E 28 by N 100, block L. Kelsey Tract,
Oakland; $10. ' „ ■ _
Bernard, Mary J.. Loretta and George Don
nelly to Mary Donnelly,, lot 9 in subdivision 36
of Wltcher's Official Map of Oakland, in block
406. Oakland; also undivided half Interest in
lots 2, 24, 25. and 26, block 406, same, Oakland;
gift. ■
• Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Judßon M. Davis, lot on S corner of East Eigh
teenth street and Twelfth avenue. SE 90 by
SW 40, bock 92, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Richard Lenord to Hannah Lenord. lots 17
and 18, block K. new town of Lynn. Fast Oak
land: also lots 15 and 16. block K. same; East
Oakland; also lot on S line of Park street. 140
E of West, E 25 by S 90. being lot 11. block
2021, Witcher Tract Map 2, Oakland; gift.
Edward Spread (by attorney) to Mary M.
Kidd, lot on N line of Fortieth street. E of
Grove, E 32 by N 110, being lot 11. resubdivisiob
Montgomery tract, Oakland annex; $10.
Thekla P. Johnson and wife to Charles F.
Ernest G. and Marie Ruedin, lot on N line of
Russell street, 235:15 E Grove avenue, 40, N
181.37. "W 40, S 131.43 to beginning, being lot
27. block 21, Shattuck Tract, Map 5. Berkeley;
$10.
Christian O. and Margaret E. Carter to H.
C. Kidder and F. T. Cooper, lot on E line of
venue avenue, 245:80 N Parker street, N
98.32 by E 139.48, being lots 23 and 24, block A,
Hlllegass tract, Berkeley: $100.
Mary M. and A. J. Forget to James M.
Selfridge, all Interest in lot 25, block B, Teach
ers tract, Berkeley; all interest in lot 5, Pacific
Theological Seminary tract, Oakland: all In
terest In lot on N Fourteenth street. 60 W
Bush street. W 100 by N 125, Oakland; property
In Orange County; $1250.
Grant L. Selfridge to same, all Interest In
same four descriptions; $1250.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Margaret J. Tobin, lots 82 and 83, Elmhurst
Park No. 2, Berkeley township; $400.
Equity Building and Loan ■ Association to
Hugh Hamilton, James P. Taylor and D. E.
Collins, trustees St. Andrews Society (a cor
poration), lot 2. block A, revised map Prospect
Hill tract, Berkeley township: $674. ..•'..
•'• J. P. and Martha Ames, to Everett Ames, lot
on-W line of Market street. 151 S of Twenty
fourth, S 25 by W 125. being lot 16, block 636,
Map of Market Street lots, Oakland; lot 2. Rose
tract, Berkeley township: $10.
Same to James H. Ames, lot on E line of
Adeline street, 130:6 S Fourteenth street. S
60 by E 154, block 573, Oakland; lot on E line of
Adeline street. 190 S Fourteenth street. S 50 by
E 154, block 573. Oakland; $10.
Mary B. and Henry F. Eden to D. Satoff and
E Kurpachaff, lot on E line of Euclid avenue,
120 'S• Le Conte avenue, S 40 by E 125, being
lot 4, block 12, Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley;
$10.
W. W. and Flora D. Davis to Pauline L.
Wadmann, lot on N line of Durant avenue. 200
W of College avenue, W 50 by N 130, block 9,
property College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.-
Charles Babb to James Sheridan, lot 28, block
8, North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed: $5.
A. L. - and Abbie C. Payne to same, same,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed: $5.
Julia E. Brooks to Henry C. Hacke, lot on
E line of Morton street. 225 N of Central ave
nue. N 37:6 by E 150, being- the N half of lot
20 and S quarter of lot 21, block 21, Fitch
Tract, Alameda: $2200.
Henry C. Hacke to Hattie S. Hacke. same,
Alameda; gift.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Hull. USA M Colm N T
S B Hayden, NT G N Gardiner, NT
S Hutchlnson. Omaha Mrs Hayes N T
C F Lund & w. Chlcgo J Peyton & w, Spokane
J B Read, L Ang T W Ransom, Plttsbg
G Campbell. Grass Val J Gavey, London
P Kervln. Nevada M Cooper, London
J C South & w. Ark Mrs Sanford. Mlnturn
E Swanberg, Sweden Mrs Dyer. Mlnturn
G C Hudson, NT T Flint Jr. S Juan
C J Shepard, NY W A Junker. Monterey
H L Billings, Chicago E J Marx, St Louis
J S Snyder, Waßh Mrs Marx, St Louis
W McLaughlln&w. NY W H Woods, S L Obis
W Mlnturn, Belmont Mrs Woods S L Obis
H Hinshaw. Burllngm W L Drake, Arizona
C M Flckert. Stanford Mrs H C Cook Cal
Dr T Walton, S Jose A C Kennedy. N T
A Seekamp, Mexico E A Walz N T
F T Morris. Portland W W Chapln. Sacto
V A Schilling. Portld R F Plxley, N V
J Barnes Jr. NY F Mllllken, NT •
F O Carmack. St Louis Mrs S MillikPh, N T
C'Toole & f. Montana Miss Thompson N V
W Hardlson, S Cruz jMrs Booth & s, Chlcgo
J E Ells Dayton 'Mrs Ratlan, Antloch
Vliss Archambeau. Ptld Miss Ratlan, Antloch
Mrs Archambeau. Ptld. Miss Stllle. Missouri
GRAND HOTEL.
C B Bills, San Jose Stockton
G S McPhee, Westport r Slebrand & w, Vallio
G W Towle, Towle E Sterne. San Dleso
J , Allen &w> Ind J E Roach, San Diego
J Ginsberg, Sacto A W Pickard NY
Dr Walk &w, Sacto F Tldball Pa' ■"-. - : '■■'
SB Woods, S Rafael E W Eicher U S V
J D Smith. Danville E B Nelson. Maine
G W Smith. Op d r D-Copeland. US V
L E Stocking. S Jose J M Finch. L Ang
S" 5 4 oh . nson; £ al . JAJ A M Erickson. Martnz
r H Hoffman. R Bluff P C Moss. Stockton
G Ramsburg, Cal H E Cope Pa
OE Williams. Ukiah T G Thomas. N V
C E Hale. I-Ang , j D Smith. Danville
A L Bixby, at nVle W B Haskell Ptaluma
JC Smith, Seattle C Queen Fish Rook
W H Bryan, Suisun Mrs JS f Reed. Uklah
F Dow. Eureka AC Travis. Belmont
Miss Roundy. Sacto J p Lynn. St Louis
Mrs M E de Candla,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H O Dehu, Sacto a Zeigler N V
T J Morris, L Gatos |P p Dille N V
W Chlnn. S Rosa G F LamprpiiT r,-.-
T Fitzgerald. ■ Vallejo T H Ne bUt?Man
W B Rn?i'-^hi!? ena " S* Stone & - Stockton
\v Riley, Chicago H Irwln, Placerville
P Murtha. Boston ■ J j Reams. Manila
V t T^^ ar /' f Au A st l S D Welsh . Manila
nt, e» & f> T Ark W.B. Owens. -Marysvl
■ F gl S o 4. W-BW -Bo s ro a n M ' SB ° Wenß M^ BVI
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
OfHce. located i n the Merchants* Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard •. to nationality and
free of expense. ■y: .
Navigators are cordially '< Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing, directions oj the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
nrormation can always ,be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
01 interest to ocean commerce.
. TJie time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the .United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. .
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day. \\";
■■■■ ■';-■ , W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroßraphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 19. IS9S
The time ball on the towner of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1- c.. at noon of the lJOth meridian, or at g
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Sir-AkiERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
i Dv«.
Progrreso..."......|Seattle >... rv- •.
North Fork iHumloldt >d«c .;,,
San Juan Panama Dee' :.
Aloha iPolnt Arena D ec' i!
Alliance Oregon Ports . Bee' 20
Signal Portland Dec 20
Columbia Portland Dec 2t
Empire.... Coos Bay JDec \\
Mineola..... Tacoma Dec '1
Chilkat IHumboldt D^. 21
Coos Bay Newport ■. De c 2 , »
Bristol :.. Departure Bay |I>>c. rA
Point Arena Point Arena |Dec p
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound. 23
Corona. ....San Diego i Deo. 23
Pomona Humboldt II>" 23
I^elanaw Seattle Dp-.. 24
Fulton Portland T>p,\ 04
Washtenaw Tacoma r><---. 2i
Del Norte Tillamook Dec 2t
Weeott Taquina Bay IDec. 25
Orizaba.... Newport Pec 23
Cleveland ... IPuget Sound I Dec. 23
Stat" California I Portland D* 25
Arcata Coos Bay I Deo. 35
Santa Rosa ISan Diego iDe . 27
China... China and Japan I Dec. 27
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pomona .... Humboldt ....iDec. 20. 2 pm P>- *
Santa Rosa San Dlpro IDec. 21. 11 am Pi» r \
Arcata !Coos Bay |Dec. 21. 10 anvPl*- jj
Pity Pekingr'China&Japan'Dec. 21, 1 pm PMSS
C "Nelson.. Pu*Pt Sound.. I Deo. 21. 10 am Ple r 2
Aloha ;Polnt Ar«»na..|Dec. 21. 3 pm Plor a
Queen | Vie A- Pgrt Sd. .Dec. •-•2. H> am Pi» r j
Chilknt ....Humboidt ....iDec. 22. 2 pm Pior 13
Coos Bay... [Newport Dec. 23. f> am
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. Dec. 23, 10 am Pi.- r ;-i
Columbia ..iPortlaml [Dec. 24. 10 am Pie.- 'i
glgnal iGrays Harbor Dec. 24
Pt. Arena.. iPolnt Arena.. Dec. 24, 3 pm Pier 2
Gaelic 'rhlna&JapanJDec. 24. 1 pm PMH?
Corona San Diego jDec. 2n, 11 am Tie' ,;
Orizaba [Newport 'Dec. 27, 9 am Pier V
Walla Wall Vl c & Pgt Sd.'Dec. 27, 10 am Plo r 9
AVeeott Yaquina BayJDec. 27
State of C^l; Portland 'Dec. 29. 10 am Pier v
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
I ARRIVED.
Monday, December 19.
r Jewel, Madsen. 18 hours from Caspar,
r Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 85 hours from
aa.
r Alcazar, Gunderson, 40 hours from F. rt
Los Angeles.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander, «0\ hours fron
San Diego, etc.
Br ship Cromdale, Slbley, 63 days from Byd-
Bark_ Gerard O Tobey, Shurtleff. 145 days from
Schr Reliance, Stenborn, 50 hours from Flska
CLEARED.
Monday, December 1?.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diero;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama, eto: Pa
cific Mall S S Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December I*.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Parsons. Astoria.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama, etc.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Cooa Bay.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff, Coquill* River.
Sohr Rio Rey, Skipper.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Johnson, Tillamook.
CHARTERS.
The J M Griffith loads lumber at Port Gam
ble Tor Hllo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 19, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Edam,
from Amsterdam; stmr Civic, from Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 19— Strar Ems. from
New York.
BREMEN'— Sailed Dec 19—Stmr Karlsruhe,
for New York. '
HAMBi;iiG-Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Patria, for
New York.
Arrived Dec 19 — Stmr Kensington, from Phila
delphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Cor
inthla, from Boston; stmr Nomadic, from New
York.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
CHRISTIANIA— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Thing
valla, from New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 19— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 17— Schr Hal
cyon, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec lft— Br bark Kilmallie,
for South Africa. Dec IS— Schr G W Watson,
for San Pedro; bktn Retriever, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEN— Arrived Dec 19— Srhr En
deavor, from Honolulu: echr C S Holmes, from
Honolulu; Br bark Abby Palmer, hence Dec 3.
In port Dec 19— Stmr Mineola, hence Dec 13.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Dec I<J— Hktn
W.illie R Hume, from Santa Rosalia; brig Les
lie D. from .
'PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 19— Schr E F
Jewett. hence Dec 10.
NEWPORT— Arrived Dec 18 — Schr Hera,
from Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Pasaiena.
from San Pedro: stmr Westport, hence rwe it.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 19 — Ship Spartan,
hence Nov 30; schr Emma and Louise, from
Honolulu.
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Dec 17— Srhr Chas
Hansen, for Port Ludlow. Dec 18— Schr Ida
Schanauer. for Port Ludlow.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 19— Sohr Iy>ttl»
Carson, from Eureka: schr C H Merchant, from
Grays Harbor; schr F S Redfield, foxn Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Sunol, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Dec 18— Schr W H Tal
bot, from Port Ludlow.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 18— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Nov 30; Haw Btmr Aztec, hence
Nov 15.
HONOLULU— To sail Dec 11— Ship Occidental,
for Port Angeles.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec 17— U S stmr
Oregon and U S stmr lowa, from New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Jkk Steamer* leave Broadway
WVi, wharf, San Francisco:
ng^B^ For Alaskan ports. 19 a. m..
l^^^a^ Dec. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jaa. U
KIUvM change at Seattle.
891 W For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fiSJSG^reaai C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^^^BOT Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
,: ' - /^Vi&H and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m.. Dec. 2, 7. 12, 17, B.
tl Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
change at Seattle to this company's steamsr*
for Alaska and Q. N. *? Tacoma to N. T.
R For a WVera° U (H"mbol C dt^-2 p. m *£
t 10 15 20 25 W. Jan. 4. and every fifth day
San Pedro. East San Pedro AngeTe* ) ana
Ean Pedro. East San (Lo» Angeles^ an*
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec S. 7. 11. «. 1». ». n. w.
Jan. 4. and every fourth day , then falter «.-
For San Diego, stopping only at Port «ar
ford (San Luis Oblapo). Ba"" F^S U 2
Los Angeles and Redone^ (Los Angeles)^ U.
every fourth day thereafter. . .
For Ensenarta. Magdalena Bay, San Jom del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro.aU.
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Dec. 1.. Jan.
For further Information obtain folder. .
The company reserves the right to ' Change
without previous notice steamers, salllnc daU«
"flOUT'oinOl^ New Montgom«y
itreet (Palace Hotel). __ _
GOODALU PERKINS * CO.. Gen^gt-
10 Market st.. San Franclsoo.
THE 0. R. &N. CO, v
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
ww!T<snear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
Cl DcTl FirVt Ua.» inclndirc Berth.
FARE UJSSm* Class and rfeal,
Columbia s »ii» gaVg ;;•;;;;;;; .p^ 0 ,, \l g
B^ TE ,?£ to W?H« Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Short line to.^^nt,, in the Northwest.
Helena and a» r^ Eagt
Through tickets to A^ D General A ent
E< ° 630 Market street.
GOODAU* PERKINS & |O^ rintendentBj
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqorr
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARIS -^^
fFRANCE). Sailing every Saturday TK
it 10 al m. fom Pier 42. North &Mmm
Hiver foot of Morton street. Dec 17
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE..... ....Dec 24
la NORMANDIE Dec. 31
ia GASCOGNE........ Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward.. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI St CO.. Pacific Coas>t Agents, S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
"jff&fo.@Umm&3'2& The S. S. ALAMEDA
ffi3^r^SMJ<llftflBSiEl,sans v 'a Honolulu and
fi¥^ft>,*wS £ for Sydney
il<TP> iSSI -^ Wednesday. December
fNM||l|f A Tn e 10 p. ALAMEDA
■ ■HHIL Fa '' s v ' a Honolulu and
l ■ Auckland for Sydney
■ v Wednesday. December
Sk'^W/^tr^mSnin^ 2S. at S. AUSTRALIA
iSfP/inrcnino 1 s. s. Australia
CylKllllJl!l r - aUs for Honolulu
\3sV^ fOmnaniUwednesday. January
»C?»r' VUM 11.-1899.-at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. „. ; ..
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. ,
• Freight Offlce-327 Mark-t st.. San i^ranclmco.X
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.'
AND VALLEJO. I
Steamer "Monticello. • I
Mon.; Tues.. Wed.. ; Thurs. and 5at.. . . .. .. .^.. .. 1
F9:45F 9:45 y a m.. vis n m (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.). I
Fridays ' ••-^ P- ««• and % T* p ' m '
*nmi»v« ....10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
SU d nXganT off,ce S l ,on Dock. Pier I.
Telephone Main IM. -MORINGA LED
LA GDLETA IN
A SCANT HEAD
The Talent Lamented
Her Downfall.
DEVIN OUTFINISHED GRAY
LADY HTJEST WAS QUITE A SUR
PRISE.
i
Judge Wofford Finally Scratched In.
Bey del Tierra Enjoyed Him
self — Lodestar Becomes ft
Sprinter.
Drizzling rain, an unfriendly fog bank
and splashy mud, all conspired to make
the sport at Ingleskle uninteresting: yes
terday. Added to this. La Goleta, the one
big "cinch" of the day. was laid away
to rest, and thereafter the scanty batch
of people In dance fumed, fretted
and appeared altogether disconsolate.
Four choices did win, but this fact did
not atone for this one stupendous upset.
1-H Goleta. the chipper daughter of
Amigo, carried the Santa Anita colors and
•was an cdd.s on favorite for the owners'
handicap, with Charley Gray on her back.
Pitted against her were: Moringa, rid
den by Devin, and Ed Purser's aged geld
ing, Buckwa, piloted by "Skeets" Martin.
Christmas money galore was to have been
made on the popular choice. When the
barrier -was released. Buckwa beat it
away a couple of lengths and led the
favorite for over half the distance. Then
the mare went to the front. "When the
straight for home was reached, Gray
made a fatal mistake, which Devln oh
Moringa lid not overlook. He allowed
the latter to take the path and in a fu
rious Irive was beaten the shortest of
h^-ads in the fast time of 1:42'/J. The win
ner was as good as 4 to 1 in the betting.
The other events were very common
place. Judge Wofford, ridden by Johnny
Itoiff. and a 2 to 1 favorite, experienced
no great difficulty in winning the open
ing lle run from Gratify, second choice
In the betting. The balance of the start
ers, aside rom McFarlane, were a poor
lot. •
With a snow-plow attachment, the fa
vorite Elldad tnlght have captured the
mile and a quarter Belling affair, but un
der no other conditions. Lady Hurst,
•with Spencer op. made all the running
and won with nothing to spare. Martin
on Major Hooker took care of the favor
ite the entire route, and led the latter
out four gtha for the place.
The mile selling run was somewhat of a
pift for the favorite Rey del Tierra, Pur
eer's horse, with Eddie Jones in the sad
dle, was all the best, and won at leis
ure. In a hard drive Spencer on Myth
downed Martin on David Tenny a neck
for second place.
Fog obscured a view of the last two
events. -Don't Tell, favorite for the
maiden two-year-old number, won easily
from Racivnn. and in the final six-furlong
pprint Lodestar beat a fair bunch of
sprinters. Stemler's gelding closed favor
ite in the betting.
TTack Notes.
"Skeets" M.-.rtin piloted two winners.
■■• was a winner on the day's
ing-.
Johnny Humphrey and
John O'?s umbered among- the
\m "bunc" rooms laying l
d making ctMnbinatlona under
•us are having a high
. the barber, the
U k-maker. Any
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TRACK, Monday, Dec. 19, 1898.— Nineteenth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track
sloppy.
N F. FMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
«> — Q FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; all ages; purse, *4<W.
— _
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
»im.
\m.
Str.
3SI Ju'lp" Woffprd, 2.. <. 8
3*) Gratify, 5 112 *
355 FelicUe, 2 "I 4
J.-.0 McFarlane. 6 112; 2
3:6 Sokombeo. 3 10« i 1
3*5 Ballverso, 3 103 5
337 Morana, 3 ll'J 8
SiS Al l'aff. 3 110 i 1
6 4
4 h
8 1
2 2
1 h
5 2
7 1
8
4 2
3 1
1 2
£ tt
2 h
6 10
7 3
8
3 2
2 h
1 h
6 i
4 1
B 2
7 15
8
1 2
2 H
5 2
4 :a: a
o 4
6 10
7 15
8
1 6
2 8
3 4
4 4
5 2
6 8
7 20
8
J. Reiff
H. Martin
J. Daly
I. Powell j
Jones
'Gray
Macklln
Amea
2
I
4
6
I
S
6-2
20
12
! 60
2
7-2
12
6
9-2
40
13
100
Tirte »«. 1:19; mile, 1:46. Winner, Duke & Wlshard's b. g. by Riley-
Jent) v " n ta< thr * e driving.
{;• -in* on Judge Woflord came from the clouds and won. Gratify ran well and gamely.
Fe li 1 of all sorts and sizes of epeed. The Coroner held an autopsy over
me previous to luele call.
Scratched— El Venado 115, Beau Monde 106.
00/"k BECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OOUi puree,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Vim. %m.' \m. Str. Fin. ; ; Jockeys. Op. Cl.'
" BS' Lady Ifurst. 4 107 1 1 1H 11 11 11 11. l* Spencer 2 5-2
(36^) Maior Houker. 5....W1! 4 .2 4 2 1 2tf 21 22 24 H.Martin 2 13-6
374 Flidad 3TT.... IM I 31 31 31 32 33. 32 Fallehy .2 9-5
297 Frank 'jaubert.' 5...1Q7! 2 4 4 4 4 4 4 [McXlchols ... 3 5
" Time— v; '2<5: V 4. :=2U: \. Vi3\b\ mile. 1:46; IVim.. 2:11%.' Winner. J. W. Motts b. m.
by imi) Ma'rtenhurst-Cheerful. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Srencer on Lady Hurst was exactly 77 pounds better than Joe Weber. "Skeets" Mar-
tin managed to get a half-Nelson on Fallehy, who rode Elidad, from which the latter
was unable to extricate himself. Jaubert Is a holiday, horse. -
tndpx. Horse. Age. 'Weight.
:. Std.
m. %m.' \m.
Str.
Fin.
2 6-2
2 13-5
.2 9-5
3 5
V>Q| THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Home. Age. Weight. {St.
>«m.
: : m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
Rey del Ttemw 4...U1 1 11 12 1 2>-4 1 2 12 Jones 2 8-s
Myth. 4 108 J 2h 36 2h 310 2\ Spencer 8-5 9-S
| Tonny. 4 113 4 3 3 2h 810 2h 310 H. Martin 6-6 7-2
361 poar.lman, i T9 3 4 4 53 54 44 44 BUmp«on 20 io>)
2 100 6 6 6 6 6 I 4 jj, Ualy 20 60
B_l 4^h 4^ V4 5 3 6 Hal 8r0wn.... 20 60
18%; mile. 1:44. Winner. X W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of
Norfolk-H;. easily. Second and third driving.
The winner was the class. Spencer on Myth outrode Martin the last few yards. The
othe in the stable^
>. , — ' 1
<2M) Uey del Tierra, 4... 1
<36fi) Myth 4... W8 5
339. Daviii Tenny. 4 113 . 4
361 BoardroaUi 2..., "9 2
J.. Merops. 2 100 6
' ... Robert Bonnor. 4...105! 5
1 1
2 h
3 3
4 M
6
6 1
1 2
3 6
2 h
E 3
6
4 h
1 24
2 h
S 10
I i
6
4 V 4 _
1 2
3 10
2 h
4 4
6
5 3
1 3 i Jones '
2 "4" 4 Rpencfr
SlO H. M.irt!n
4 4 'Stlmi -
B M J l>a!y
6 |Hal Brown
OOtt FOURTH BACB— Ojw mile; all ages; owners" handicap; purse, 1600.
ww — —
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. %m. 'im. *;m. Str. Fin. j . Jockeys. Op.
' 3.->S Morinjra. 3 ■•'■ 3 3 2 1 In lh ]Devln .* j Z~
(346) La Goleta. 3 95 2 S U H 1 V 4 2 2 2 10 iOray 7-10 ',
faS2l_»uckwa^_a_ l: _ L . L....100[L ....100[ t 1 1 ln 3 3 J ]H. Martin.... 5-2 I
* Time— M :&*&; ; -.. :M' 3 : »4, 1:16%; mile, 1:42%. Winner, J. Conway'a b. g. by Sobran
Loma. GooJ start. Won tlrst three 'Iriving.
Da. Fortune smiled on the winner. At the head of the stretch Gray, on the favor
' allowp.l Devin tn take the path. This lost for him. The going was not to the liking
Buckwa. even' "'<*r he had beaten the gate.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
- 4 m.
Hm.
*«m.
Btr.
;7-io 7-
! 5-2 IS
QOQ FIFTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
272 Dont Tell
R iclvan
;ir 107 4
lba.no 105 '■>
-i 113 7
rutch 11'! 6
... gtlver oirl Us< l
Index.. H rw
i
Wetfbi m
Mm.
- -. ; ***' " * &.'¥
•
*m.
Btfc
•
1 s
2 4
3 2
4 2
6 h
6 I
7
Fin.
■
"I
i
I bet
Jockeys. (Op.
H. Martin.... 8-B
N. Turner 2
Ames 6
Jones g
H. Shields.... g
I. Powell 30
i Flint 20
M
I
C
I
8
N
M
Time— Winner, L. H. Ezell'a b. f. by Luko Blackburn-Secret,
easily. Beeon*! *nd third driving. , . . .
Fog obscured a view. of the race.
' Scratched— Britomartls 109. • ..
Good start.
QUA. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, |400.
Index. Bora*. Age. Weight.,
Bt.
121 2
1
7
i
4
3
6
5
r
Mm.
...
Mm. %m.
%m.
...
Str.
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 h H. Martin....
2 2 Jones
3V4 ;J.; J. Reiff.......
<V 4 Ames
620 Hennessy ....
6 6 J. W00d5......
7 Pevin
McN'lchols ...
Fin.
3W5 Lodestar 4 1021
320 Pat Murphy, 6 10«
3«0 Wyoming. - r > 1"-
Hern, 4 ....101
3-i4 Don Fulano, a..
M TonlOO, i 102;
. tnivf-rslty, a
21-3 Our Johnny, 4 IQ5|
7-B
6
3 9-
6 :
6
3' 7-
30 1!
12 :
Time— l:l7'4. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s eh. g. by imp. Midlothian-Starlight. Good
■Urt except Our Johnny. Won first three driving.
' ■ For prevented a view of proceedings. Torsion , waa away badly. Bo was Wyoming.
Lodestar suddenly became a eprinter.
Scratched— Cherrystone 105, CabriHo 105, Kamsin 102.
old price is given the poor, deluded un
fortunate who buck? their game, and if
a ••kick" is registered the automatic
usher is called Into requisition and the
recalcitrant player is made acquainted
with tho daylight. These barnacles,
whoso thieving proclivities tend to pros
titute the turf, should be summarily
squelchod.
Jockey Spencer did not care to ride
Lady Hurst, thinking she wouldn't do and
that he would come in incrusted with
mud. John Weber, the mare's trainer,
complained to the judges, and Spencer
rode out his engagement. This is really
too bad. Before Spencer went East he
was willing to ride a 100 to 1 shot and eat
mud. If he has become such a hothouse
plant, the tall rider should wait until the
spring time comes again, with its hopes,
with Ita over-fragrant perfume of the
wild flower.
Harney Schreiber backed Judge Wof
ford on the outside.
Billy Randall , the popular Montana
turfmfin, accompanied by Frank McMahon,
owner of Pat Morrissey, left for Great
Falls on Sunday. The duo will spend
•'hristmas time at Mr. Randall's home,
returning here in a couple of weeks.
Fog must ctrtainly have enshrouded the
judge's stand, completely enveloping it,
during the progress of the mile and a
quarter event. If such tactics are permis
sible as were used to defeat Elidad, then
Bullman should be reinstated and resti
tution made to that rider tor the loss he
hajl sustained by being kept out of the
paddle. It has been claimed that preju
dice figured strongly in the suspension of
Builman. and it begins to look as if such
were really the rase. It Is unnecessary
to state what those tactics were. They
were plain to every spectator who can
distinguish a vegetable garden windmill
from a crthle-house flywheel. The dwin
dling popularity of the local track has
received fresh Impetus during the meeting
now In progress.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— furlongs; two-year-olds; Bell
ing.
(3T3)Horton 10S 873 Anchored 10*
... Golden Day 5....105. ...105 ... Strongoli 110
555 Good Hope 103 ... Survivor 10S
Second Race— Six furlongs; Belling; three
year-oMs and upward.
837 Aluminum I«r9 : 375 Rossmore 119
356 Ping 117 374 Mlstletun 117
354 I'iit Mutphy 114 1 363 Gov. Sheehan..
30S Toriblo 114 1 /
Third Race— mile; selling; all ages.
574 Collins 107 370 Imperious S8
370 Hardly 101 (370) Dr. Bernays 9S
36 1 liunpralso .... ■" 366 Hazard 107
35» First Call 104 1 (372) Dick Behan 110
367 Ocoru-ia (350) Daisy F 104
354 lienamela 107, 361 Boardman 78
Fourth Race— and a quarter miles; Bell
ing; all ages.
367 Topmast .109 376 Sardonic 91
(352) Red Glenn 102 (374)Prlnce Blazes... 90
(339)Gotobed iZ
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olda
and upward.
IS9 Mocorlto 94 377 Mistral 107
365 Ben Doran. 103 (36S)Rubicon 107
(S6J)Montsomery ....104
Sixth Race— Eleven-gixteenthi of a. mile;
thre<?-year-olds and upward.
... Byron Cross 1071 IS3 Pmyie 107
363 El Venado U0 ... Dr. Sharp 11 1
375 Ferrltr IlO| 356 Henry C 110
3>">4 Sweet William. .110 > 364 Kamsin 11)7
363 Caspar 1101
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Horton, Survivor, Good Hope.
Second Race— Pat Murphy. Toribto, Pins.
Third Race — Daisy F, Imperious, Ocorona.
Fourth Race — Sardonic. Gotobed. Topmast.
Fifth Race— Eea Doran, Rubicon, Montgom
ery.
Sixth Race— Sweet William, Caspar, Ferrier.
Evidence of Suicide.
John Fiske, a trooper of Battery B,
Fourth United State? Cavalry, called at
the Coroner's office yesterday and said
that he had a conversation with Miss
Klaiber last Friday night and she told
him that she was unable to ]>ay her room
rent and that she intended to commit sui
cide. This is evidence against the meory
that the woman was robbed and murdered
in Golden Gut*' i'ark, where her body was
found last Saturday.
Sanbnrn, Vail & v.o. have opened up
this week over 200 styles of celluloid al
bums and toilet cases, and they are now
displayed on flm floor, Just back of the
artists' matt-rial department. It is the
(inly retail collection of celluloid toilet
- in the city containing first-class
titttnss. It will do you good to see such
things. *
THE SA«" FKA^tTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
TWO CLEVER PUGILISTS.
Martin Denny, the clever Australian 133-pound pugilist, -will meet the
local champion, Sammy Maxwell, in a contest of twenty rounds in
Woodward's Pavilion next Thursday evenicig. Maxwell is in splen
did condition, having trained hard for three weeks at Blanken's Six-
Mile House. Denny is being looked after by Jimmy Anthony, and
if appearance counts for anything he certainly should give a
first-class account of himself. The contest gives promise of being
very interesting. The preliminaries consist of ten-round bouts be
tween Tom Murphy and Billy Hogan and Billy Finnerty and Wil
liam Cole.
WILL ORGANIZE A NEW
BASEBALL LEAGUE
CALIFORNIA CLUB MAGNATES
DISSATISFIED.
"Jack" Bonnet to Be President and
Henry Harris Manager of the
Proposed Organisation.
Plans Outlined.
If present plans d° not miscarry, a new
r-ra in the history of baseball in Cali
fornia will be inaugurated with the open
ing of the season of 18W. That the pres
ent loose methods of changing schedules
ami transferring players, with a superflu
ity of clubs in San Francisco, has been
the cause of a great deal of dissatisfac
tion, is a matter of general knowledge
and the sport has undoubtedly suffered
in consequence. The fault Is laid at the
doors of the present league management
and it is doubtful if the organization, as
It at present exists, could command the
support of the public for another season.
This opinion is shared by nearly, ii" not
quite, all the clubs comprised in the Cali
fornia Baseball League, and they have
decided on an entirely new deal.
Representatives of the San Joso. S
ramento, Santa Cruz, WatsonvUle
Stockton Baseball cluba held a confer
ence with prominent promoters of the
sport in this city during the past week,
when ii was decided to form a new l
in which a certain element of the man
agement of the present league should
have no voice. Jack Bonnet, who ■
no introduction to the lovers of ba
in San Francisco, has been tendered the
presidency of the new organization and
has accepted. Mr. Bonnet has been serv
ing as treasurer of the California Lt-ague,
but has had little voice in its sk.
ment. Henry Harris, equally well known
as a successful promoter of the sport, has
been induced to re-enter the field aa the
manager of the new league. With such
a team the success of the project is as
sured from the start.
All the cities represented at the confer
ence have agreed to put strong clubs in
the field and keep them there through
out the season, with the possible excep
tion of Stockton. There Is little doubt,
however, but what Stockton will come in.
Fresno baseball enthusiasts are alsu anx
ious to be represented in the new league
and have promised to organize a team
that will be able to hold its own with
any.
The plans Include new and larger
grounds to be secured in this city in a
convenient locality, which will be put in
first-class condition for the opening of the
season. The uncertainty that has char
acterized the game during the season
just closing will be entltrely done away
with. In the first place, the new league
will have ample backing financially and
will run the game for the sole purpose
of interesting the people in the sport. A
league schedule will be arranged at the
opeiiing of the season which will not be
changed to HUit the convenience of any
club, and the present haphazard man
ner of arranging dates will be done away
with entirely. The details of the new
organization are yet to be perfected, but
enough has been done to warrant the an
nouncement of the scheme, which is cer
tain to meet with the enthusiastic ap
proval of all who have a genuine interest
in the revival of the national game in this
State.
BOXING AND POLO CONTESTS.
Events That Will Take Place in the
Amateur Athletic Clubs This
Week.
The California Athletic and Swimming
Club will give an athletic exhibition this
evening at Mowry's Hall. With the ex
ception of the evening, the programme is
not by any means first class. The feature
of the evening's sport will be an eight
round bout between Charley Rochette and
Charley Johnson at 132 pounds. If Ro
chette is in anything like good form he
should win.
The popular Merchants' Athletic Club,
325 Davis street, has announced that on
Wednesday evening it will entertain its
members. The bill of athletic fare reads:
Six-round contests between Jules Tillman
and John Faccini, at 125 pounds; Joe Gall
ardo of Stockton and Young Jeffries of
this city. ..The feature of. the entertain
ment will be an eight-round bout for the
so-called amateur middle-weight cham
pionship between Al Neil of the Princeton
Athletic Club and Joe Reay of the Olym
pic Club, at 152 pounds. As the Mer
chants' Club has invariably given good
boxing shows, it is to be presumed that
the events of Wednesday evening will be
of classic order.
The polo tournament of the Olympic
Club, which will be contested on Wednes
day evening. Is attracting much attention.'
The contestants, or rather the athletes
who have entered, are trained to the hour,
and a good evening's ' entertainment is
looked for. The Excelsior Club has made
extensive arrangements, for its boxing ex
hibition at Woodward's Pavilion Thurs
day evening.
Creedon and Green will meet in the ring
on Friday, the 30th lnst.. under the aus
pices of the National . Club. ,
There Was No Negligence.
Thomas McCa.ll cannot collect damages
They Will Meet in a Twenty-
Round Bout in Woodward's
Pavilion.
from the Pacific Mall Steamship Company
for Injuries sustained by the falling of a
lot of flour. Henry Bingham had a con
tract with the company to load and un
load Its vessels, one clause specifying u^at
the company should furnish power and
appliances. Six slings were provided, and
after an inspection two were discarded.
While a sling- full of flour was being hoist
ed the rope broke and McCall was in
jured. In the lower court McCall ob
tained judgment, which was reversed by
the higher court. The position was taken
that there was no negligence on the part
of either party, for when the slings were
inspected by a competent person there
was nothing to show that there was any
thing the matter with the rope, and the
fact that there was an inspection relieves
the company and contractor.
Schwarzschild a Defendant.
F. J. Schwarzchlld. the well-known min
ing and railroad man, has been sued for
divorce by his wife, who alleges deser
tion a/id extreme cruelty. The couple
were married in this city in IMM, and
lived in Fruitvale. Soon after the mar
riage, Mrs. Schwarzchlld alleges in ncr
complaint, the husband began to abuse
her, and on occasions beat htT. She fur
ther claims that he refused to nrovide her
with suitable clothing and money. She
asks for a divorce, permission to resume
her maiden name, Charlotte Allen, and
alimony and counsel fees. According to
the complaint the defendant is a capital
ist, owning $40,000 worth of real estate in
Alameda County, and interests in the
Tesla Mining Company and the Alameda
and San Joaquin Railway Company.
Judge Mogan Holds the Court.
"v\'hen Judge Mngan opened court yes
terday morning, after making his suc
cessful coup Sunday. Judge-elect Graham
appeartd and desired to know why Prose
cuting Attorney Spinetti was In his court.
Judge Mogan read him the resolution of
the City Hall Commissioners transferring
the two courts and remarked that he
would find Xo. 3 court at the other end
of the corridor. Graham threatens to
make trouble when he receives his cer
tificate of election.
■ ♦ ■
Murder Charge Dismissed.
The charge of murder against Antonio
Russo was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday on the ground that Russo acted
in self defense. He was accused of fa
tally shooting Francisco do Franchi, a
member of the Mafia, at Montgomery av
enue and Broadway December 4.
The World's Supply of Wheat.
An English expert, | r phesles ■ universal
dearth in the wheat supply. He claims that
the wheat producing soil is unequal to the
strain that will be put upon it. Even now
when the food supply of the world is ample,
thousands die because their disordered stom
achs fall to properly assimilate the food they
take. .Hostetter's Stomach Bitters strengthen
and tone up the stomach and digestive organs,
and enable them to perform their proper func
tions. This great remedy cures-dyspepsia, tor
piil liver, nervousness and fever and ague.
Waff*/ /JißEiaa£i&^alSi3KiBN^\ \IHB
It gains your favor instan-
taneously by reason of its
high merits and holds it
with a firm grip.
VXl.Blatz Brewing Ca
MILWAUKEE, U.S.A.
Louis G&en & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-4JB Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Wriiifi Indian YetetaUe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have Übed them for over forty years to cure
6ICK HEADACKB, GIDDINES3. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Plmplei
and purify the blood. .
Grossman's Speciflc Mixture
With this. remedy percons can cure "them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. A*k your druggist {or it.'
[ Price {1 a bottle. . , : ji
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ■
/i|§ff| A i\ i EiVw
SSOK HEADAOHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. - Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Smail Price.
Cf\ C A N C E R
rr f r%teSy£ J? and TUMOBHOSPITAL
31 j3mfi[^py r No Pay Until Cured
d^ f^SSiir^ %^.~ "J^BBifc Any lump in awo
O^H Oman's breast is can-
cer. The poison
quickly goes to arm-
pit' I' large it is too
Sr#^l -p- le - Men's face anil
#A^W^# 111 1 lip a common place.
11l \tt £ r So-Page Book sent
tß^ ■S free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.'
8. R. CH AMIEY, M. D.. 23 & 25 THIRD St . o Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Strong Drink is Oeath
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness ana Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE AKAVTF.E FOl'R BOXES
to cure »ny case with a positive wrl 1 1 guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy tha
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDHUC nDIMI/ causes Misery, Poverty
OinUNO UlllFmaiid Death. Upon receipt
ol 110.00 T7G will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
Qve written cuarnnieo to cure or retund
icmrmnipj. P*-~\- ' — >
GEORGE DAHLBENDEK & CO.. Sole Agta.,
IH Keaxny Bt., San Francisco.
A Table Water of exceptional purity
and excellence. -London Lancet,
A Single Spark Left
Is the means of re-klndung a flre. 60 long as
there is life there la hop*. Nothing seems half
as bad as NERVOUS DEBILITY, whether
caused by mental strain, over-work, over-worry
or In any form or function by
I LIVING TOO FAST.
The terrible train of symptoms are only too well
known: flushes and chills, tired brain and back,
sour temper, insomnia, languor, stomach and
bowel trouble, failing strength, etc., sometimes
ending in mania or paralysis, and even in these
conditions there is certain recovery if the nerve-
spark be re-klndied, toned and invigorated.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
Tone up thenyetem, give prompt relief to insom-
nia and falling memory, repair the wtste and
drain of vital powers incurred by Indiscretion or
excesses, bring back vigor and potency to every
function. w«rd on" insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 592.50, .t
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Enerjry. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Q vwt DR. JORDAN'S g™u
nHn Museum of Anatomy
!pi^ 1051 HABKTST.tJt. 6th I 7th, C.F.C&L
fi . S W ' The Ltr; eit of its kind in ttie World.
Vftlrll DR. JORDAN— Priva e Diseases.
l«W| ». Comnltation free. Write for B»ok '
HI -^Philosophy of Marriage.
* U . . MAILED FRCC.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JU^fcJl <»-•"> KGABSY ST. Established
■rTf*a» in 185 1 for the treatment of Private
HLLjs. Iff DlseiiSPS, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ilnjQttiSß disease wearlngon bodyand mliidand
Skin Diseases. I'he doc tor cures when
3MBftMflaj others fall. Try him. Charges low
IiMKH Ciirrscuaianlceil. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I. UIBBOJi, Box li>s7.S»aPriinci3ca
A^iLtei II hIIi ' '"'"•'"ill
I'once heard the leading contralto singer of the Castle
Square Theater Opera Co., of jj Boston, remark to a friend,
sitting in her dressing-room : " Some ,; singers can't sing
Well, they say, just after eating ' heartily, and take only a
light lunch ; but it works just the opposite with me. It's
Impossible for me to sing a hard opera .without having a
good meal before ; but I often take a
Ripans Tabule
to help digest it. My voice is always clearer and mo*%,
powerful when I do."
ADVERTISEMENTS. ./ '
3<»<£<»<3><3><3><»<s><£ < < »<S'<B><s><S><S><S>Q
| IT IS WORTH MORE %
a> V|/HEN MAKING A GIFT; REMEH-
:'--.T~.; ber that the more useful the more v
<$> acceptable, and that when the holidays <>
a have passed, and toys are broken or
y other presents iaid aside, that a neat- <?
<3> fitting, stylish pair of shoes will be <s>
a about the proper thing. We are offer- .
v Ing a holiday bargain this week. Ladies '?
4> Vlcl Kid Lace Shoes, with embroidered <J>
a vesting tops, new coin toes and tips, »
' pliable soles, for J2. Sold elsewhere -V
♦ for |3. . - ' . ';":'.''■&
<3> CROCHET SLIPPERS, Red, Blue, Pink, <S>
<»> Black or Brown: <s>
X Children's sizes. 8 to 10& 7.% c ;_
<$> Misses' sizes, U to 2 ! .* OOc <$>
<S> Ladies' sizes, 2V4 to 7 fI.OO <&
Men's sizes, 6 to 11 1.145
ys, Men's Embroidered -Slippers, ' .
™ either Opera or . Everett- styles. <?
<J> from.. .".'c upward <§>
A Gentlemen's Black or Brown Vicl .. -
T Kid Romeos, turned soles, re- '
3> duced to .' ?1.50 <J>
* Ladles' Stylish Fur-trimmed Feit
*»* Juliets, Flannel-lined, Coin :
.J. Toes, Colors Red, Brown or <?>
. Black 1.00 m
V Same as above, quilted 1.50
<;, Ladies' Dongola Kid, Fur- ' <^
. trimmed Juliets. Coin T0e5...... 1.50 A
V Ladies' Fanoy Plaid or Quilted ?
<g> Fur-trimmed Juliets 1.50 <^
. Our new illustrated catalogue Just out. A
&' Send for one. : . . . /
<^ Country orders solicited. Address. <«>
f B. KATCHINSKI, J
Philadelphia Shoo Co.,
1O Third St., San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
'T' "{~} '' '' ':'■ ('
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. i
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. the
following Thursday, Saturday"
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. ;.:; .:^ 1 ; r .v
This Train is in Addition to the Daily
. Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfOFFICE — fa MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Oflßce— 2ol J Stmt.
San Jose Offioe— We3t Santa Olara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
ROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
■'. . AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY5— •7:20,.»9:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:O.
1:4;,, 6:15. *6:00, 6:30 p. m. . : .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 y. m.
BUNDATS— »B:OO, •10:00, •ll:Jfl -a. m.; <l:Uj,
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. . r .
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI^^O.
V*EEK DATS— S:2S. •6:35. .7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•11:20, 2:20. *3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS m Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. »10:00. ni:s6 a. m.»
•1:1*, *S:10. 4:49. *6:20 p. m.
' Trains marked • start txpm San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 8:40 a. m.;
12:85, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. - -
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a, m.: 12:05, 1:20, IM.
i:00, <:20 p. m.
-• THROUGH TRAINa.
T:10 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'as.
1:46 p. m. Saturday*— Duncan Mills and way
•tatlona. .-■-, ■■--- z :••:•■.■
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta"o>
■ " ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ,
From Nov. 10. 1893, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound. ■
Passen-i Mixed. ■ '• - ' Mixed. Pasaen-
ger. Bunday . Sunday ger. '
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. ■ Exc ptd Dally.
8:20 am l">"?0 am Stockton ' J:4spnj s:sopm
10:10 ami 2:ospm . Merced 12:40pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am 5:30 Fresno . 9:3o aru 2:32pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld : 2:3oam 11:25
12:68pm, 8:50 pm Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:15 pm
1 Stopping at intermediate points as required. :
j For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
' etreet. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE OF ROAD CARTS
£* . £* &*
WEPXESDAY, DECEMBER 21, AT 11 A. M.
At GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET, '
327 SIXTH . STREET.
" By order of Studebaker Bros.
We will sell 25 Road Carts, more or less dam-
aged in transportation by railroad.
Also at same time anil place Horses, "Wagons,
Buggies^ Harness, etc., etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
BAILBC AD TRAVEL.
KOITIII'.KM PACIFIC tOJIPAM.
(PAOiriG MYSTKM.)
' Trnina Irmr nml m« dn«t lv nrrlif at
MA> tltAM!<*CO.
1 (Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
leave — Fro* Deo. 18, 1893. — abrivb
•t»:06» Nilea, San Jose and W»y Stations... *Ni4 s a
7:OOa Rtiiicia, Sulsun snd Sacramento.... 5:43f
7:OOa Mdryavilio, Oruviiif aud Keddiug vu
Woodland 5:43p
. 7:OOa Elmira, Vacarllle and Ruiusey 8:-l5p
7:3Wa alartiuez, San Ramon, Vallejo, >'apa,
C»li»toga and Santa Rosa 0:15p
: 8:OOa Atlautic Kxpre», Ogden and Kast.. »: >"»P
. StHWA Sau .loac. LlTermore, Mtocktnn,
. lone, Sacramento. PlaoerTille,
MarjsvilK Chico, lted lHult - 4:ISr
J«:»Oa *Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4tl»P
»:OOa Martinei, Tricy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mrrced and Freeno 12:13p
9:«0a Fresno, KakersUeld. Santa lUrlmra.
Los Angelea, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Eaat 6»43p
IO:OOa. VaJlr jo, Martinez and War Stations 7:43p
12:00jc Niles, I.i»ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Meudota, Uanford, Visalia,
PcrtetTiUe 1 : 1 p
. »l:oopBacrameutoHlTer Steamers ..... , "8:00p
. 4 : OO i» Martinez, Shu lUniOll, Vallejo,'
Napa. Ualistoga, Sautiv Hos* 11:13 a
4ioop Benicla. Vacaville, SacrMiiirnto,
Woodland, Kuighta l.andlug,
Marysville, OroTllle 1O:4.1a
4:30p Nilea, San Jose and Stockton 7:lSp
s:oopSan Francigco -a D A Los Angeles
Limittd. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Angeles 9:45 i
3:30p Btoekten, Merced, Fre«no..... 12:15p
s:'JOp Mart.iiifZ, Tricy, Mendota, Fresno,
.Mojare, Sauta llarbara and I.us .
Angrles 9«4-"»A
«T3i3op Pacinc Coast Limited. Xl raso,
Fort Worth, Little P.ock, tit.
Louis, Chicago and F.ast §6:45p
B:3Op Santa Vu Uonte, Atlantic Impress
for Mojave mill K*st 6:43p
6:OOr Ktiropestn Mail, Ogilmi and Kust.... Ui43a
6:OOp Hay wards, Niles sn'i San Jose ISa
•6:»»p Valiejo 12:13p
t7:oop Valiejo, Port OosU and Way Sta-
tions J9:43r
8:OOp Oregon Hacrainento, Marys-
= . -.- . vllle, Ke.Mliig. Portland, l'uget
Hound aud Kut 8:I3a
nlO:O5p Snnaet Limited. Presno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kaat 61;43p
SA.N LKANiiKO AMI lIAVWAKOS I.MCAL.
(Foot of Market Street)
"I Melroie, Seminary I'ark, ( .
8:00 a I'ltehbursr, Kliuhursr. 6:13 a
tU:OOA San I.e:uidro. SonlU Sun . (*II:13a
lO.OOa l.fandro, Kxtadillo, lO«4Sa
1:OOa • l.orvnr.o. lierry ■ •^••Jp
»:«Op nnd il'i2£
SiOOp Hay wards.- '* \\*Z
7:00p i Rung tbrougli to Nlle«. ' iISP
J t From Nllwa. I
' ! COAST DIVISION (Narrow <<auice).
(Foot c( Mil rket Street.) .
8:13 a Newark, Centerville, Felton,
BoutderCreek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations t 8:5O»
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Crui and Principal Way
Stations "10:50 a
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
tll:15p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations.... t«t2or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrDm SiH FRInCISCO Foot of Mirket Street (Slip —
•7:15 • 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl=oo '2:03 t3:30
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00».«.
OilUllD— of Brcilwaj.— *6;oo 8:00 10:0Oi.M.
t!2:00 , «1:00 18:00 *3:33 ti^OO "3:03r.>«.
COAST IHVIMO* (Broad tiause). -.
(Third and Townaend SU.)
7:00 a San Jose and Way Statlous (New, . "
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
9:00 a San Joss, Tres Pltioa, Santa Craa,
Pacillc (3roye, Paso Kohles, San
Lull Oblspo. (Juadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Statious 4:10p
1O:4Oa Bau.loa« and Way Stations "8:00 a
11:30 a San Jose and War Stations 8:33 a
•2:43pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
■-, il" Palo Alto, aauta Clara, San ■)«•«, ■
Gllroy, Holli»t«r, "■ Sauta Oria, .
Siilinas, Monterey and Facilic
Grove "IO«3«A
San Jose and Way Station* "»:OOa
13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43»
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:»3a
3::{Oi- San Jose Priucinal Way Statious 3:3t»p
6::«0p San Jose aud WayStatlous 7:30p
t11:43p San Josoand Way Statioui 7::iOp
" A for Morujug. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday* siceptert. t Snnaays only. ♦ Saturdays only
•[Mondays and Thursdays. uTue«days and Saturdays.
53aturdny8 and Wednesdays. fcThnrgdaya and Snndaya
The HACIFICTRANMrKKCOMPAStr
«fn call for aud check haggage from hotels and resi-
dences. Enquire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
othtr Jnfrrmation.
!
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, ■■ Dec. 18, 1898'
THE OWL
WILL LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE}
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
i i .
; BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a, m. ; U:B,
t:2O, P:10, t:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: p. m. SatunUya— Extra trip* at 1:M
asd 11:30 p. m. «
fiUNDATS-8:0O. tM. U:00 a. m.; 1:M. 1:U,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 11:43 L
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday »— Extra trip* at
1:86 and <:tS p. m. -.>:»•-
6DNDAYS-8:10, 8:40, U:10 a. m.; 1:44. 1:M.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetsea Park
lime schedule as above.
Leave " 1 Arrtv*
< Sao Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
October It, ■
Week Bun- 18S8. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da, tf. Days.
1:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
l:Sopm S:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25
• :10pm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. T:3Spm li:xlpai
Fulton, _
140 am ■ Windsor. ; 10:13 aa
Healdsburc
Lytton,
> Geyservtlla,
t:tOpm 8 am Cloverdal*. ?:SSpm «:npta
"~~~~~ Hopland and
T:Soam 8:00 am Uklan. 7:95 pm B:»pra
SOOam 10:25aia
8:00 am Ouernevlll*. 7:X3pm
140pm - - ■' - <:a P"
I am 8:00 am Bonorna 10:40 am 8:40ao>
and ' • ■■
1:10 pm s:oopm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pm <:21pa
T-30am 8-00 am 6ebaatopoL 10:40 am 1 10:23 aza
*:80 pm 6:oopm 7:3s pm| 6:22 pea
" Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprln|s; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
serville for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdale to*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. KelseyyUle, Carlsbad
Springs, Boda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Cpriags; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Bpringa. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wittar
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lterley*s. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr*«
I Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvllla. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka. ■■
Saturday to Monday round • trip tickets at .
: reduced rates. ... ...
On Sundays round trip tickets to ail points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 alarkat st.. Chronicle bid*.
! H. C. WHITING, R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agaat.
"MUNfTAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. '
• (Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing ■ Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S98:
Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 p..m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. xa.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. .. ■
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents., 621 ; M&rkat
street. Ban Francisco^ __j
=?=^ i . ■
..WHfltU Ga.SLSQjW.IW
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL FURNISH
MR, HILBORN
WITH FACTS
Oakland May Secure
a Postoffice.
HAS WAITED MANY YEARS
APPROPRIATIONS HAVE OFTEN
BEEN MADE.
Not a Port of Entry in the Country
the Size of Oakland Is Now
Without a Federal
Building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Deo. 19.
In a few days Congressman Kilborn will
know enough aboui Oakland i" persuade
Congrtss that this city must have an ade
quate Federal building, that Is to >;i>, if
Congress be amenable to pei
Tliis afternoon many city officials, in
cluding the Mayor and several !•
merchants ami real estate dealers, met
at the City Hall to prepare a statement
such as Mr. Hllborn has stated he de
sired. A little surjiri.se was expressed
that at this time, after Mr. Hllborn hati
represented this district three times In
Congress, he should Bend for data regard
ing the population, assessment,
street railroads and other facts about
this city. It lias been thought right along
that all this and much more was already
at Washington. However, the m<-n at
to-day's meeting represented all that is
worth knowing about this city, and the
facts to be s.-nt to Mr. i inborn will very
fully cover the question.
Oakland, it is said, is the only port of
entry in the United States of its size in
which there is not a Federal bulding.
The postoflice is located in an out-of-the
way part of town in what was formerly
a furniture store. It is a very third
rate looking office for a city of the size ol
Oakland, and during the past fifteen
years the postoffice has frequently
moved as its business grew. In another
part of town is located tlu> Oakland cus
tom-house, another building which the
Government rents, and which is difficult
to find on account of its being on a side
street. San Jos.-, it was stated, tonog
ago obtained a very handsome postoffice,
but Oakland has always been Bldetracked
just after it has seemed as it her ap
propriation would go through. Several
Times the matter has been almost com
■i. ami a comfortable sum of money
has been put in the appropriation bill.
But the bills have always passed with the
money for Oakland's postoffice left out.
It lias been stated by friends of Mr.
Hilborn that the elimination of the post
appropriation lias been due to the
fact that several magnificent amounts
have been spent by the uovernment on
the Oakland harbor, and there is doubt
less a good excuse in this for waiting so
long for the postoffice. However, it is
now believed that the harbor work can
and money be appropriated by the
•,t Congress for the much desired
Federal building.
A LOTTERY TICKET
SEVERS MAN AND WIFE
Mrs. Margaret Farrell Is Granted a
Divorce.
Fortune Smiled Too Unexpectedly I
and Prosperity Proved Too Big
a Burden for This
Family.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 19.
The troubles of John Joseph Farrell,
which originally commenced with his for
tune in winning $15,000 in a lottery, were j
ended to-day when Judge Greene granted
Mrs. Margaret Parrel! an absolute di
vorce from his father, John Farrell.
Father and son had for several years
eked out an existence at shoe-pegging in
a small shop on Eighth street. One day
the son purrh;isprl a lottery ticket and
won. With the money a fine home was
bought at Grove and Twenty-seventh
streets, besides several other lots.
The unexpected leap into wealth an<
• prosperity came as an ill omen to th
family, for soon the relations betwee
Mr. and Mrs. Farrell became anything bu
harmonious and finally Mrs. Farrell, se\
eral years ago, commenced suit for d
vorce, alleging extreme cruelty as th
ground. Incidentally the plaintiff Joine
the fortunate step-son, John Joseph Far
rell, as a party defendant for a divisio
of the property.
.She claimed that the lottery ticket wa
purchased by father and son jointly am
that therefore she was entitled to a par
of the former's share.
The trial occupied a long time an
proved decidedly interesting, and a decis
ion was looked for during the past tw
or three months.
In granting the divorce decree Judg
Greene allowed plaintiff $10 monthly al
mony, but all of th*» r<»al <-state was de
clr.red to be the separate property of th
son.
CHRISTMAS CELEBRATION.
Students of St. Mary's College En
tertain a Host of Friends.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— The students of
Bt Mary's College celebrated by antici
pation the foptival of Christmas this
evening. The college hall, whore the ex
ercises were held, was draped in pink and
blue and a large American flag and ever
greens ornamented me stage. The exer
cises wore, as usual, of a ln>.- order of ex
cellence and reflected much credit on the
participants as well as the committee in
charge <,f the affair. The programme was
under the auspices of the Athletic Asso
ciation of the college, of which tin- follow
ing are officers: Oliver a. p elsh '99
president; Bion ,T. Muff. '(^. vice presi
dent; Joseph G. Brady. "99, secretary
Balva P. Young. '99, treasurer: i'arl t'
Adam. '02. Held captain.
Amon? those who took part in the ex
ercises were: o. A. Welsh, < \ W. Swine
ford. K. T. Bell. J. L. Ansenio. P. M Lon
ergan. J. n. Towey, W. Weltzmann. S
Young. K. B. Rice. C. D. O*Qara P W
Corcoran. W. J. Walsh. O. J. H,,r W
Walsh. E. J. MullaJy. 11. s. Butler P E
Michael.
Held and Yet Released.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Joseph Oliverla
who. together with Eugene Fol< ■. \\ ia
arrested last Friday at the Oakland'mole
charged with having held up John Nevis
nt PleasantOD about a week ago was re
leased from the '■.unity Jail this
noon, while his brother Frank, who was
arrested al Los Banos on Saturday night
now languishes In jail with Poley. and'
will have to answi rto the charge : >t rob
l"ry. A neculiar reature of Joseph Oli
veria's release Is that he was committed
by Justice Brophy to the County Jail be
in *. heI AJi2 answer to the Superior Court
under $4000 bail, when lie claims tha- he
really never had any preliminary hearing
Tie whs released by order of trie" District
Attorney on the strength of Frank Oli
v ria and Foley having confessed to their
guilt.
Ex-Coroner Evers" Troubles.
OAKLAND, Doc. 19.— The case of Ala
meda County against ex-Coronef Henry
Evers. brought for the recovery of an
alleged large amount of overcharges, was
up for hearing on demurrer of defendant
In Judge Ogden's court to-day. The de
murrer was based on the ground that
there werr no irregularities, since ex-
Coroner EJvers' Mils were regularly pre
sented to the Board of Supervisors, au
dited and allowed.
Judge Ogden intimated that he would
In all probability sustain the demurrer.
His Honor hold that the Board of Super
visors as a legislative body acted on
Evers' bills and as such the board's ac
tion was perfectly legal and correct.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, ])ec. Superior Judge Ogden i
to-day sustained the demurrer of the city of
Alamedn. in the $50,000 damage suit brought
against, the municipality by Mareial Davonst on
account of the death of his wife by a live
electric wire. Plaintiff, however, was given
ten days in which to amend his complaint.
Frank Enos Perelra, through his attorneys.
Langan & Lemos, to-day commenced divorce
proceedings in the Superior Court against Mary
| J N•t* » ' 1 1*3
A new Grand Jury will be drawn In Judge
Ellsworth's department to-morrow.
Annie K. White and Walter Dean, executrix
and executor respectively of the estate of the
late Josiah H. White, have petitioned for the
Bnal distribution of the estate, which is valued
at about $300,000, of which $26,000 consists of
cash. According to the terms of the will the
widow, first named above, will get a half of the
estate.
An explosion, Rttended with no great damage
and injury to no i"-rs.,ns. occurred this fore
noon at the Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Com
! pany's plant on Serond street. The super-
I heater and carburetters were not hot enough to
I Ignite th.< gas. consequently It ignited from the
generator when the blast was turned on.
The burglarloui telrudera are now directing
their attentions to the nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines in Oakland MlooM Since last Saturday
night three such places have been entered—
the Oasis, Broadway near Ninth; the Nevada,
Tenth near Broadway, and a place at Twelfth
and Webster streets. Out of the former places
$15 and J3S were realized respectively.
The new Fire Department rules are being
rigidly enforced. An an example Chief Ball
has laid off Driver Milan ten days because he
visited a saloon, and because Ike Foster, who
happens to run the saloon In question, and 1b
ut the same time a foreman in the department.
failed to report Milan, he, too, was laid off for
live days.
Professor Charles Burckhalter. astronomer of
Cbabot Observatory, will give an Illustrated
lecture at the First Methodist Episcopal Church
to-morrow evening on the Chabot Observatory-
Pierson expedition to India last winter.
Judge Hall has decided the suit of W. F.
O'Banlon versus the Oakland Building and
I^oan Association in favor of the latter, but the
case will be appealed to the Supreme Court, as
there are a preat many stockholders Interested
In the tinnl determination of the suit, which Is
over a piece of realty In East Oakland formerly
owned by one McGrath.
THIS MAN WAS HUNGRY
AND WEARY OF LIFE
FIVE TIMES HE PLUNGED A
KNIFE TO THE HiLT.
Antone Alatoria's Cravings Drove
Him to Seek a Horrible
Death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 19.
Gnawing hunger caused Antone Alato
ria, a Mexican, aged 5S years, to plunge
a throe-Inch blade Into his abdomen five
times this afternoon with the hope that
death would relieve him.
Two of the wounds were glancing
s'aphes, but the others entered the ab
dominal cavity, making an operation ne
cessary. This was very cleverly per
formed at the Receiving Hospital by Drs.
Stratum, lluntington, Wilcox, Sill and
Sanborn, assisted by Stewards Tobin and
Borchert.
Alatoria was perfectly conscious when
he was picked up near his home at Third
and Peralta streets this afternoon, though
decidedly weak from loss of blood. His
wife has been an invalid for some time,
and this, together with hunger, led to the
rash act. Moreover, he had long been out
of work, but those who know him speak
of him as an honest, conscientious man.
"I couldn't stand it any longer," whis
p< red the unfortunate man, in broken
English. "My poor wife is sick and we
had nothing to eat the past three days un
til this morning, when a good friend
brought us two loaves of bread."
This would not appease their hunger and
Alatoria decided that his death would
leav<- one 1»-hs to care for.
His wounds are considered not necessar
ily fatal, and the surgeons entertain some
hope of his recovery, though his long in
voluntary fasting has left him a very
weak patient.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKKL.EY. Dec. 19.— At an afternoon tea
given by Mrs. F. W. Xaylor, the engagement
of Miss Amy Cotrel to Ross Dempster of San !
Francisco was announced. The bride to be j
Is one of the most popular teachers In the
Berkeley , School Department. The wedding
will take place about the middle of January.
William Smith, who was arrested recently
by Deputy Marshal Kerns on a charge of va
grancy, was this morning sentenced to twenty
days' imprisonment by Justice Cllft.
11. J. Norris, Instructor In the chemistry de- j
partment of the University of California, left
this afternoon for San Luis Obispo to make an '
Inspection of the sugar refinery there.
REMAINED STANDING
EVEN AFTER DEATH
STRANGE TESTIMONY AT AN IN
QUEST AT LIVERMORE.
Ole Eikland Was Killed by Striking
His Face Against a Live
Wire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 19.
William Nelson told a remarkable story
at the Coroner's inquest to-day at Tesla
into the killing of Ole Eikland by an
electric wire.
Eikland was not killed by grasping the
wire, but he ran into it with his face.
Death was instantaneous, but his com
rades did not know it and could not un
derstand how a dead man could stand on
his feet with his face against a live
electric wire for several minutes. Nelson
testified that he saw Eikland strike the
wire and *.c immediately tried to push
him away. Eikland could not be moved
and Nelson thought he was "asleep,"
meaning shocked. Nelson tried to push
his companion away from the wire half
a dozen times, but could not move him.
He then went to another man and the
two together took Eikland from between
the cars and discovered he was dead.
The deceased was only 23 years old, anc l
from papers found in his possession the
Coroner discovered thai he is the owner
of some water rights in Montana which
are supposed to be of some value.
ROSE UNDER A CLOUD.
Money Collected by the Gamewell
Company i*ot Accounted For.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 19.— T0-day the city
authorities were instructed by the Game
wel! Fire Alarm Company of New York
not to make any further payments on the
company's account to R. A. Rose, who
had been the concern's coast agent up to
within three weeks ago, when he disap
peared from 1-os Angeles under a cloud.
The company sent the city a statement of j
account, showing a balance due of over
$1000 on a contract for a storage .battery
system purchased about a year ago. An i
investigation shows the amount was paid j
to Rose last April.
<;. Alexander W right, a friend of Rose,'
residing in this city, denies the man has j
disappeared, saying: "His wife has been in
constant communication with him during
his absence and has information that he
will certainly be home within a week. His '
jibs, nee arises from his own personal af- !
fairs and not from any desire to conceal
liis whereaoouts from the Gamewell peo
pli ."
Rose and his family formerly lived on
Mozart street, this city, but moved to San |
Francisco about two months ago. Ala- ■
meda will lose nothing by his transac- i
tions. as at the time he collected the i
money in question he was an accredited
agent of the Gamewell company.
Aiameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 19.— The Board of City
Trustees this evening appointed Sergeant
Jolm Conrad Chief of Police, to serve the
unexplred term of Marshal Oscar Rogers, j
It was also decided that if Conrad was a !
candidate for the office in April and i
failed of election he should be reappolnted
to his former position. J. G. Brick of the
Po'.iee Committee addressed the trustees '.
upholding the action of Officer Kamp in !
the Hoeek matter. Brick also spoke se- !
verely of Hoeck for imprisoning his little
sons over night in the City Prison.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln ?ts. Swirr.mlne, Russian, hot
and cold tub fcaths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
ALAMEDA HAS
A CLAIM FOR
A BIG SUM
lies the State for
$100,000.
EN ROONEY'S DILEMMA
NO PEOPLE LIVE NEAR TO HIS
SALOON-RESTAURANT.
Tens of Thousands Pass His Place
Daily, but None Can Legally
Sign His Petition for
a License.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. la.
Following: the example of many other
counties Alameda has brought suit
against State Controller E. P. Colgan to
recover $104,316 66 claimed to be due on ac
count of fees, charges and commissions
that should be allowed the following
county officials' departments: Auditor,
Assessor, Treasurer and Tax Collector.
The complaint gives in detail the
amounts due each year from 1593, and ror
each year from that time the figures are:
$25,634, $21,227, $21,396, $18,117, $17,942. It is
also stated the Controller has been aske .
to refund this money to the county and
has refused.
At. the meeting of the Supervisors this
morning they were notified that such a
suit had been brought.
Owen T. Rooney, the proprietor of the
saloon and restaurant at the Oakland
Mole, is in a dilemma. The law requires
that when any one applies for a saloon
license his application must be signed by
a stipulated number of residents within
a certain district of the proposed saloon.
Rooney's place of business is at the cx
ii i-ine end of the mole, and there Is not
a single signer available within the re
quired distance or twice the distance re
quired by law. He has therefore done the
next best thing and procured signatures
of people who live in AVest Oakland near
est to the mole. The Supervisors believe
that this fs the intent of the law, and he
will probably be granted his license, al
though the point raised by the law has
never been passed upon.
The question of fixing water rates
In the districts outside of incorporated
towns whs brought up, as it is
every year, and as usual there
was some doubt as to the interpre
tation to be placed on the section gov
erning such procedure. Secretary .1. H.
T. Watkinson of the Contra Costa Water
Company does not desire to go through
the same experience every year, so no
naively suggested to the board that as
District Attorney Snook had been stuoy
lng this matter for eight years, while in
office, he be required to furnish the board
with a report bearing on the statute, so
that the next District Attorney would not
have to cover the same ground.
Mr. Snook was requested to report not
later than next Tuesday morning.
CIGARETTES MAY REMAIN.
The Council Transacts Important Ac
tion on Public Streets.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— The edict against
the cigarette may soon be provisionally
withdrawn. Councilman Woodward to
night introduced an ordinance at the City
Council meeting permitting the Hale of
cigarettes to adults, but prohibiting them
to minors. He also introduced a new ex
)>.<■;,.ration ordinance.
During the session ordinances were
adopted accepting East Twelfth street
from First to Eleventh avenue; ordering
removed all wooden awnings on San Pablo
avenue; permitting the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company to lay spur tracks at
the foot of Broadway, and appropriating
jv:,oi) for the east side sewer to empty into
Lake Me"rritt from East Oakland, and $1000
for the Grove street sewer extension.
The Street Superintendent was author
ized to remove all obstructions, such as
fences, etc.,* in and about Lake Merritt
preparatory to the dredging work.
To Teach the Making of Wine
BERKELEY, Dec. 19.— The viticultural
department of the college of agriculture
in the University of California has just
received an addition to its corps of in
structors in the person of Antonio M. Dal
Piaz of Vienna. Austria. Ilis appointment
to this new position was made at the last
meeting of the Board of Regents. Profes
sor Dal Piaz is a graduate of the Viticul
tural College of Vienna. He has already
become known as an expert viticulturist
in Europe and comes eminently qualified
to undertake the work of scientific in
struction on the subject of wine-making.
His father, Professor Dal Piaz, a distin
guished European scientist, is the most
prominent viticulturist expert of Austria,
and editor of the Austrian Viticultural
Gazette.
Aiameda News Notes.
J ALAMEDA, Pec. 19.— Major C. L. Tilden will
: address the Unitarian Club Wednesday night
on the subject, "The Philippine Islands."
The Aiameda Boating; Club will Kive an en-
I tertainment in Armory Hall. February 10. The
! proceeds will be used to enlarge the club's
present Quarters. The committee in charge con
sist? of William Hanson, Theodore Kisfeldt,
i David Greenleaf, Herbert Wilhdmi and Fred
' Cone.
! Captain M. W. Plmpson of Company G, sta
: tioned at Vancouver, returned to Aiameda to
i day, where he will remain until after the holi
days.
"THE YELLOW DWARF"
PLEASED THE TIVOLI
A LIVELY VEHICLE FOR SOME
FAIRLY GOOD SONGS.
New Bills at the Other Houses of En
tertainment — Mrs. Bates Re
turns to the Alcazar.
"The Yellow Dwarf" appeared to please
the first-night audience and the applause
! was frequent. It is the inconsequent ex
| travaganza so popular in England at
Christmas time and miscalled a panto
j mime, of which there have been so many
i examples at the Tlvoli at all seasons of
j the year. One does not expect to find
much wit in such a piece, and there is
nothing very original or amusing in the
I story told or In the lines, but it serves as
a vehicle for some fairly good songs — the
best of them are of the sentimental kind
—a number of specialties of all kinds,
some pretty ballets, elaborate costuming
! and a great deal of scenery. The manage
ment has spent money lavishly in dress
ing the piece and the chorus girls and
several of the principals are kept busy
changing their costumes. One of th>.- best
sets is the orange grove where the "dance
of the fireflies" makes a very pretty ef
rect
A piece of this kind depends so much on
! the individual efforts of the whole com
i fi.my, and especially of the comedians,
that it takes several nights before it is in
first rate working order, as it affords un
limited opportunities for adding comic
"business," which the Tivoli company
will no doubt soon take advantage of.
■ However, it went fairly smooth for a
j first performance, although several scenes
are capable of being much more worked
up, as, for instance, the boxing bout in
the orange grove, which Mr. Stevens and
! Mr. West could doubtless make very fun
! ny. The appearance of the Yellow Dwarf
and the Fairy Queen and their flight with
tbe lovers also needs elaborating, as it
went very tamely last night, and Mr. Ste
vens will have to get some new material
for his monologue if he expects to make
a hit with it.
The Tlvoli stock sompany, with a few
additions, appears in /"The Yellow
Dwarf." One of the additions is Miss
Iris Maynard, a lady of opulent charms,
who plays the part of the Fairy Queen,
and another is Miss Ida Wyatt, the pre
miere danseuse and maitresse de ballet.
Miss Anna Lichter plays the part of the
usual beautiful princess, and Miss Elvia
Crox that of the fortunate Prince, who
wLns her from threatening suitors. Both
ladies appeared to advantage and had
many opportunities of showing their good
voices. Mr. Pruette, in a female part,
created much laughter, but his comical
ity was more in nis absurd appearance
than in his acting, of which he did very
little; his performance deserves credit for
its freedom from the vulgarity which is
generally inseparable from female im
personations. Mr. Branson in the title
part has not much to do, and the other
principal comedians, Mr. Stevens and Mr.
West, had to create most of their own
opportunities for fun-making. Ineir
song at the end of the second act was one
of the most successful episodes in the
piece and was very well done. Miss An
nie Myers appeared in a bewildering
number of characters, and several others
of the well-known Tivoli people in less
importafit parts.
"The Yellow Dwarf" is good enough to
run through the Christmas holidays, when
people are supposed to be in search of
mirthful theatrical fare. The book is by
Mr. George Lask, and the scenery and
transformation scene by Mr. Oscar L.
Columbia.
"A Parlor Match" entered upon last
Columbia.
. Parlor Match" entered upon Its last
week at the Columbia before a rather
light house, due no doubt to the inclem
ent weather. Barring the natural dis
appointment at not seeing George Hoey
and Charley Evans in the parts made so
familiar by them. "Parlor Match" Is as
full of life and fun as ever, and those
who are suffering from the "blues" will
certain cure at the Columbia. will
a certain cure at the Columbia. Of
the specialties Etta Butler's imitations,
including her impersonation of Modjeska,
was by all oads the cleverest bit of work
of the evening, though the singing of
Tillie Salinger and the Kingsley sisters
was most enjoyable, while the other peo
ple were well received.
California,
1 California.
"O'Brien the Contractor" seems to have
been written especially for Daniel Sully
lie plays the character in his own inim
itable way and scored a success at the
California last night. As the builder of a
road through Rocky Gorge he has staked
his all on its completion, and the manner
in which he triumphed over his foes won
the sympathy of the large audience. He
was ably seconded by his wife, Mrs. Lou
ise Sully, Miss Daisy Chaplin. Jefferson
Lloyd. Harry MeFayden and the remain-,
der of the cast. Baby Ethel is a very
clever child and was one of the features
of the play. "O'Brien the Contractor" will
continue during the week.
Alcazar.
Fred Marston's comedy "Humbug,"
which was written for Roland Reed, was
presented at the Alcazar last night. The
event was marked by the reappearance
of Mrs. F. M. Bates, the Alcazar's favor
ite. She met with a most cordial recep
tion. Several theater parties were pres
ent in her honor. The comedy is well
named. A young man, the son of a shoe
maker, and a young widow, the daughter
of a butcher, meet and te"ll each other of
their noble ancestry. They are married,
and the difficulties they have to surmount
to prevent the inevitable exposure are
provocative of the heartiest laughter. Er
nest Hastings, as Jack Luster, the hum
bug, made quite a hit, and he had a con
genial partner in Miss Maria Howe as
Mrs. Araminda Bertram-Ponsby-Luster.
Mrs. Bates had not much to do as Mrs.
Judge Sham, but what she had she did
well. The other parts were ably sustained
by the other members of the stock com
pany. The piece went with a swing that
was refreshing.
The Chutes.
Ihe other members of the stock com
\ The piece went with a swing that
r< fret-hing.
The Chutes.
They have an excellent holiday bill out
at the Chutes Free Theater, and it was
thoroughly enjoyed last evening. The De
Elbert sisters are pretty girls, and In their j
transformation dances are well gowned, j
The Marco brothers are extraordinary
contortionists, and Jeannette Lilforu is
making a great hit with her "Chappie"
songs. A. S. Rhorer's "She Was Bred in
Old Kentucky," illustrated with moving
pictures, was warmly received, and Kelly
and Violette and the Stanleys In '\m.rs.
O'Griiv 3 Wash Day" were compelled to
respond to numerous encores.. The new
iroving pictures. Including the funeral of
thi late Kmpress Elizabeth of. Austria,
were very Interesting.
Morosco's.
Morosco's stock company opened the
week last evening at the Grand Opera
House with "Uncle Tom's Cabin." The
cast included forty people. In the cast
were the Golden Gate colored jubilee sing
ers with their quaint old plantation melo
dies. It Was Miss Marie Winson's first
appearance as Topsy. Leslie Morosco was
the impudent Marks and James Corrigan
played the part of Uncle Tom. James
Brophy was George Harris and little Baby
Ruth, a wee girl, made the most winsome
Eva. The play will be continued the rest
of the week. part of Uncle Tom. James
ihy was George Harris and little Baby
i,"a wee girl, made the most winsome
The play will be continued the rest
Orpheum.
The strong cards at the Orpheum at
tracted the usual packed house last even-
Ing and the show went with a vim that
predicts the continuance of the liberal i
patronage for the rest of the week. The
Rappo sisters excel as character dancers,
confining their efforts to their native Rus
sian dances. Horace Golden is about the
cleverest illusionist that has visited these
parts for some time. His work is all i
quick and clever and new as well. Wes- '
ton and Herbert have a novelty in the
way of a musical act. They have the
oddest lot of instruments ever put togeth
er on a stage. George Fuller Golden made !
of a musical act. They have the
*t lot of instruments ever put togeth
a stage. George Fuller Golden made
another big hit with his stories about his
friend Casey. Julius P. Wltmark, the \
sweet vocalist, has a change of repertoire
and made a hit. The three Merkell sis
ters, equilibrists, are on the bill, and
Frank La Mondue is still a favorite. Paul
Batty' bears are on the last week of
their engagement. The three Lukins are
new and have an acrobatic act t"nat is of
more than ordinary merit.
New Comedy.
There is snap enough In the company
playing Hoyt's "Bunch of Keys" -this
week at the New Comedy Theater for two
buches of keys rolled into one. 'me well
filled house was pleasantly disap-ointed,
for it saw a better "Bunch of Keys" than
has been presented here for a long time.
Ada Bothner. the "Teddy of the cast,
has steam and ginger hot enough . and
strong enough to make a Pinckney alley
tamale. The piece- is inter >ersed with
songs and choruses of the touch-and-go
lively order, and the audience was kept
bubbling over with laughter until the fall
of the curtain. __
West's Minstrel Jubilee.
The appearance of Millionaire West's
big minstrel jubilee at the Columbia The
ater beginning with a Christmas matinee,
Monday, December 26, promises to be a
rare treat. Mr. West has gathered an
all-star cast to present the artistic side
of minstrelsy. Among the many celebri
ties in this company is Carroll Johnson,
whose fame as a song and dance come
dian is well known to theater-goers. An
other celebrity is Clement Stewart, Lon
don's favorite tenor. His voice has at
tracted the attention of all the critics In
this country. In New York the West com
pany played to the most fashionable au
diences ever seen at a minstrel perform
ance. • ' ■ ■
Olympia.
The Leandro brothers were one of the
new attractions at the Olympia Music
Hall last night. They are clever and were
well received. Conchita has new songs
and Freada, the Turkish dancer, has been
retained.
JUDGE LAWIOE INSTALLED.
Judge Belcher Orders His Commis
sion Entered Upon the Minutes.
Judge W. P. Lawlor, who was appoint
ed by Governor Budd to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of the late
Judge Borden, formally took his
seat as Judge of Department 11 of
the Superior Court yesterday morn-
Ing. Judges Belcher anil Dunne oc
cupied the bench with Judge Lawlor, and.
In accordance with an order made by
Judge Belcher, the commission produced
by Judge Lawlor was entered upon the
minutes of the court. Judge Lawlor was
then introduced to members of the bar
who were present in court. Then he
called his calendar like a veteran.
Children's Books and Games.
Owing to an unexpected demand and
to accommodate those who do not want
to go upstairs we have cleared away a
space on the first floor for the children's
books and games that we are closing
out. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St. •
J. G. EDWARDS'
DEATH DUE TO
AN ACCIDENT
He Was Thrown From
a Car.
NO DAMAGES TO BE ASKED
THE QUESTION OF HIS SUCCES
SOR IS DISCUSSED.
Governor Budd Positively Announces
That the Appointment Belongs
to the Republican
Party.
J. G. Edwards, editor of the Coast Re
view, died at his home In this city early
yesterday morning. Death resulted from
a fracture of his skull. At the last gen
eral election Mr. 'Edwards was elected to
represent the First or San Francisco Dis
trict on the State Board of Equalization,
the position now filled by A. Chesebrough.
Und Mr. Edwards lived he would have
taken the office to which he was elected
on the 2d of January next. Some of the
politicians surmise that Mr. Chesebrough,
holding until his successor shall be elect
ed and quaiiiied, may hold the place until
tne next general election, but the generai
current of opinion is that the Governor
will appoint to fill a vacancy. It was
definitely stated yesterday by Governor
Budd that he would not appoint. Speak
ing with reference to the subject he said:
"Had Mr. Edwards been elected as a
Democrat I would announce my purpose
to appoint some one to take his place on
the State Board of Equalization, but as
he was a Republican I hold that the office
belongs to the Republican party, and,
therefore, I shall leave to the incoming
Governor, Mr. Gage, the question of fill
ing the vacancy."
Dr. Cluness notified the Coroner yester
day that the death of John G. Edwards,
the veteran editor, was caused by a frac
ture of the skull sustained ten days be
fore his demise. An inquest will be held.
At the home of the deceased it was
learned that about 11 o'clock p. m., on
the night of the Bth of this month, Mr.
Edwards boarded a car* at the corner of
O'Farrell and Market streets for home.
When the car was between Powell and
Stockton streets a sudden movement of
it caused Mr. Edwards, who was standing
on the dummy, to fall into the street,
striking directly on his head. He had en
deavored to save himself from falling,/
but owing to a lame arm was unable to
do so. He struck directly on his head,
fracturing his skull. While he was not
rendered uncouscious he was. dazed and
lost all knowledge of his identity. He
was eventually recognized, and with the
assistance of some of the street car em
ployes was taken to his home on Cali
fornia street. The next day paralysis set
In, and in this condition he finally ex
pired.
His relatives will make no claim agains:
the street car company, as they believe
their sad loss was not due to any negli
gence or fault of the employes of the
company. They are inclined to attribute
it to the unfortunate fact that Mr. Ed
wards was suffering from the loss of the
use of one of his arms.
f. — .
NATIONAL BANK TAXES.
Personal Property Exempt According
to a Supreme Court Dscision.
The Supreme Court has decided in favor
of the defendant in the case of the
Assessor of Sacramento County against
the National Bank of D. O. Mills, an ac
tion brought to recover taxes from the
corporation. In the statement of its man
ager to the Assessor a description was
given of certain real estate, safes and fix
tures, the valuation of which was placed
at $5000. The county officer was dissatis
fied, and the bank employes changed the
statement, omitting the safes and fix
tures, and gave the altered statement to
the Assessor. Still the Assessor was dis
satisfied and he made an arbitrary as
sessment which took in all the property
mentioned. The bank tendered the taxes
on the real estate, but declined to pay on
any of the personal property, claiming
that the same was exempt under the law
creating national banks. The bank re
ceived judgment and the case was ap
pealed.
The contention of the bank was first,
that the assessment was illegal because
the Assessor did not subpena the officials
of the bank for examination as to the
property in dispute. This the higher
court holds to be unnecessary. The sec
ond contention of illegality was that un
der the. national banking act the personal
property, fixtures, safe, etc., are exempt
from taxation, and upon this the judg
ment of the lower court was affrmed.
The point was that Congress had specified
what should be taxed, and the property
under discussion was not on the list.
In the Divorce Courts.
Anna L. McCord was granted a divorce
from Mark McCord yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Myrta Struhel has
sued F. M. Struhel for a divorce, alleging
failure to provide a^ a cause of action.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« San Fr&nclsoo
Call, corner ol Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o"clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 2:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; hpen until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock. *
2261 Market street, corner sixteenth; open
until i o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
£526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the under-
signed, FLETCHER-RYER COMPANY and
FLETCHER F. RYER, have no agents or
representatives or persons authorized to act
for them or either of them in the State of
California except R. H. COUNTRYMAN, J.
H. THOMAS und BHAINWAX.D, BUCKBEE
& CO., who are only authorized to act In
certain capacities. December 14. 1898.
FLETCHER-RYER COMPANY, FLETCHER
F. RYER.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
' city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomerj' St., rooms 9-10; tfl. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings I'nion. 53S Califor-
nia St., corner Webb. Dividend notice — For
the half year ending -with the 31st of De-
cember, IS9B, a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (I) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Janu-
ary 3, 1599. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San F.rancisco, 33 Post street. For tho half
year ending December 31. IS9S, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1899.
GF.ORGE A. STORY. Cashier
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., on and after
Tuesday, Dec. 20. L»W. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec. 14. 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Seoretarv
MEETING NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bar.X-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9, 189 S.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued^
FUNERAL California Command- «-5^
cry No. 1, K. Officers and members ]|Bj
are hereby notified to assemble in the PT3j
asylum TO-DAY (Tuesday) at 9:30 W
a. m. sh; . ''_
ing the funeral of our deceased frater, SIR
JEFFERSON H. MAXWELL of Oroville
Commandery No. 5. • By order of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com. .
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
inp, Dec. 20, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated T^^
meeting and election of officers. Byf^w '
order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN ■■ H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy st.. meets THIS EVENING. \-g\-
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. *L#\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /^F>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are hereby -#%-.
requested to attpjid the funeral 'YT
JEFFERSON H. MAXWELL, late 01/VN
Oroville Lodge No. 103, from the Masonic Tem-
ple THIS DAY (Tuesday) at 10 o'clock a. m.
Master Masons, relatives and friends are re-
spectfully invited.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Ca«.for- MSflKSft*^
nia Council No. i>3o, incuts
TO-NIGHT (Tuesday) at I '" '" Mfc
223 Sutter st. : -> -•
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society — a
Regular inpf>tln,' and election of off!- fcJ*)JEg
cers of the above-named society will jgflljjfi?
be held WEDNESDAY EVENING. BftfSgf
Dec. 21, at their hall, 413 Sutter Ft. "V**"
By order of M. SCANATICH. Pres.
A. CONNICH, Sec.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye., near Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALB.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation in hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook, best of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day; also washing. Address 6 O'Oonnell
place, off Vallejo, bet. Mason and Powell.
LADY wishes a position as housekeeper In
hotel or Institution; references. Address box
725, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl, lately from the East,
wants a place to do housework in a small
family. Apply 270 Jessie St., near Fourth.
WOMAN wishes position in city or country;
work for small wages. Box 635, Call office.
NT'RSE wishes a few more engagement*; ex-
perienced; terms reasonable. 219 Seventh st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In private
family; would do general housework in small
family. 227 Hayes st.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladles who are temporarily embar-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way st., near Hyde.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
house cleaning or washing. Apply 1709
Lcavenworth st.
CANADIAN woman would like a position as
chambermaid or second girl. Address box
702, Call office.
COMPETENT seamstress wants position; best
of references; terms reasonable; hotel or
lodging house preferred. MRS. D. M., 18
Ll. .yd st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. East 425.
STEADY man wishes position as watchman;
day or night; twelve years; best city refer-
ence. A. A., 270 First St.
ALL-AROUND blacksmith; handy with lathe
tools; wishes situation. Address box 636,
Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on small place
near city or helping In small restaurant. Ad-
dress E. T., box 711. Call office.
POSITION as assistant bartender by young
man of some experience; best of references;
wages no object. Address box 666, Call office.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their spalskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
BOY 17, to learn trade of any kind; been in
plumbing 10 mo.; willing, obliging. 311 Taylor.
SITUATION wanted, man and wife; no better
people to work farm and care for stock; al-
ways reliable; wife very neat; Americans.
Box 703. Call.
YOUNG man, carpenter by trade, would like to
get any other steady position in wholesale
house, where services of a responsible and
honest man is required; can give bonds. Call
or address barber shop. K2 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes a situation
as steward or cashier; the best of references
and security can be given. Box "IS, Call.
MARRIED man wants work, as porter In hotel
or saloon; is a good oyster and salad man;
best of references. Address E. MEYERS,
200 Turk st.
MARRIED man would like a position in pri-
vate family; any kind of work; handy with
tools. £808 Pacific aye.
BUTLER wishes situation in private family;
best city references. A. M. C. box 51, Call.
WANTED— To go anywhere from San Fran-
cisco, by a mechanic, carpenter, ship joiner
and millwright; understands plans thorough-
ly. Address box 712, Call office.
VALET, intelligent Japanese, neat and trust-
worthy, seeks position; references; speaks and
writes fair English. Address KIMY, 725
Geary St.
YOUNG man wants situation in private place;
understands horses and cows; good reference.
Address box 727. Call.
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; ?00 rooms: 25c to $1 SO night; $150 to $(
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu«
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America- The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for V 50, postage
paid.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 WAITRESSES in restaurant. $r. and $6 per
week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper for country, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress, $25; private family
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
MOTH Eli and daughter for country, chamber-
work; $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
COMPANION for invalid, country, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.-
NURSE girl, sleep home. *12; K i r l. assist house-
work. $12, sl*ep home. MISS CULLEX 323
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, country, $10 MIS'?
CULLEN. 325 Suter st. '
TWO second girls, $20 and $15; 12 housework
girls, city, S2O and $25; 6 young girls assist
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, Si Sutter st
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN,
NORTH German nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ..,-.-'
10 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20 and
$2..; 4 chambermaids, south, $20; chambermaid
countrj' hotel, small fare, $20; assistant ma-
tron, Institution. $20: German chambermaid
institution. $lo; upstairs girl, Institution $15-
$20 Wa c 1"c 1 " Ha'nsK i^ s ) tltutlon 'sundress.'
** v - *-• «• HANSKN & CO.. 104 Gean".
GERMAN chambermaid and seamstress $25-
Citv 68 d i,- C°°-^C °° -^ h ° u segirl. Redwood
City,; s2o to $2.i, see lady here; 20 cooks and
houseglrls. city and country, $20. KkVas .53.
for general housework and assist. $12 to $20
_i urs HA ii N l sE^: $%hr ; nursegiri> $s £•■
TWO girls small American family, to cook.
JuSsITn 1 i rO^ an ii d 04 CC G rr e e ar^. lldren - * 30 - C
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, nice coun-
try hotel. $20; waitress country hotel g""s
Sw^feS: etc - MURRAY & rea dy!
"v\ ANTKD-Laundress, small Institution. $20-
5 waitresses and chambermaids, $15 $20 and
mTavk t others " J " F " croset t & co..
NURSE, 2 grown children. $25- nice nlaoe T
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK small American family, $30; waitress
and parlor maid. $20; second girl. - $20; laun-
™, eS L an chambermaid. $25; and a large
number of girls . for cooking and housework
■316 Suite? st COUry * J- F> CROSETT & CO.,
81b Sutter st.
WANTED— By middle-aged person, position as
nurse to invalid or any position of trust. Ad-
dress box 639. Call.
WOMAN for housekeeper; widower's family;
resides in Glenn Co.. Cal. 7C6 Ellis st.
LADY canvasser wanted to take another line
of goods. Address box 669. Call.
NEAT reliable young woman look after chil-
dren; upstairs work; institution. 612 Minna.
HELP WAV FO— Continued.
GOOD tailorefses; good wages paid. 206 Minna
street.
TAILOR or presser on custom made coats.
409 Clementina.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Call at
16 Turk st.
COLORED. Swedish or German to do chamber;
strong and willing; references. 239 Post, r. L
GIRL for housework and care for children;
wages $S. 2SI2A Howard st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. Call 9 to 12. 1712 Oetavia St.
GIRL with references to take care of child;
wages $10. Apply bet. 9 and 12. 1220 Ellis st.
GIRL with experience as tailor's helper. 2749
Greenwich st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; wage*
$15. 710 Cole st.
GIRL for housework In small family. Call 1913
Webster st.
NEAT girl to take care of boy 3 years old. $5
a month. 911 Lnrkin st.
WOMAN to work in kitchen In restaurant;
wages $12. S3O Howard St.
GIRL for housework, American family, $20;
woman for 6 days' work, $1 50 per day. 631
Lark in st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl on pants at 14«
Natoma St.; small shop.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, housework and cook-
ing; Protestant preferred. 11 to 4, 411 C Van
Ness aye.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
COMPETENT thoroughly experienced sales-
lady able to take charge of corset department
In our dry goods house; age and references
required; good salary. Address D. S., box
653, Call office.
EXPERIENCED girls for dressmaking. Apply
1356 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
344S 20th St., after 9 a. m., with references.
GOOD finisher on pants. Call 935 Market St..
room 16, Monday morning.
WANTED— Woman for light housework; small
family. Call 357 Hayes st.
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; 4 in
family; no washing. 2161 Central aye., Ala-
FIHST-CLASS hairdressers; state wages; ref-
erences. Apply box 642, Call.
YOUNG, experienced infant's nurse; must hava
best of inferences. Apply 2340 Washington
st., between 9 and 10 a. m.
OPERATORS on white shirts; all new high
speed machines; also finishers on flannel over-
shirts. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 38^ Fremont.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 23c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WAMi:i)-MAI,i:.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SB4S
Leading employment and labor agents.
Want to-day
55 woodchoppers. $1 50 and $1 cord; 86 tie-
makers, !<c, 9c and 12c each; 3 boys to learn
trade $3 week
Young man to drive baker's wagon, city;
small boy for a city grocery store, $6 and
found; metal spinner, country factory, $2 day;
butcher, slaughter house, fare $1, $30 and
found; 5 cooks 4 waiters
2 men to sell novelties in city
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
SHIP to Skaguay Thursday, Dec. 22; $12 60.
c. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
LABORERS and teamsters; mountain road;
ship to-night. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
PASTRY cook, $65 to $75; restaurant head
waiter, $60 month, see party here; kitchen
help. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Working mine foreman, $3 day;
laborer for mill who is something of a ma-
chinist, $2 50 day; farmer . and wife, $35;
voting man to learn fruit raising, and others.
Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
JOHN CLIFFORD, formerly at St. Joseph's
Academy. Oakland, call or send address to
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
CHEF, MOO; pastry cook, $75; head waiter,
*>0; country. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
WANTED — A boy about 14 for grocery store; '
$6 month, board and lodging. 1622 Waller.
JEWELERS wanted. A. MATHIEU, 328 Bush
street.
BUSHELMAN and presser; steady work.
GOLDEN WEST RENOVATOR!, 12 Mont-
gomery st. . '
BOY wanted: must speak German; room I.
JOHN HUSCHLER, 235 Kearny st.
BOY for elevator; under IS years. Call after
1 p. m., Hillsdale, 33 Sixth st.
LARGE insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connections and controlling busi-
ness; salary paid. Box 724, Call office.
WANTED — A eood man to work on custom
coats. 725V4 Howard st.
AN all-around boy wanted. 236 Townsend st.
NIGHT cashier; must understand restaurant
business thoroughly. 29 Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 115 Larkln
street.
WANTED— A young man experienced in gents'
furnishings. Apply 11 Powell St., 9 a. m.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, % price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
goods in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mir-
ket St.. UNCLE HARRIS.
BOY 13 or 14 years old for errands and to help
in drug store; apply in own handwriting,
giving age and residence. Address box 654
Call office. *
LADIES and gents to take work home; good
wages; no experience necessary. 136 Sixth st
room 2. *'
WANTED— services of a first-class painter
in exchange for rent. Address W., Call office "
Oakland. *
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HOTEL man; must be a first-class bookkeeper:
state experience, references and wages ex-
pected. Address box 743, Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764£ Mission
nlgh?! 6noc6 n 0c: O9O 90 t ak a n d rO $ OO i nn p %w CC e k SC and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. "
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1543
i»IB.T*KCt st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States" navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 34
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inchea
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still '
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 iarg»
rooms, 25c per nlgl.i: «l to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S*i Eighth st.
B ARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863'^ Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and . ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night.. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, nr.7 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER with $150 or $200 to open saloon.
l.ox (MO. C:lll office.
WAXTKD- MIS< KIiLAAKOIS.
WANTED— MiIch cow; state price. Address
KEREKES. 104 Congdon st.
WANTED— Lodging in exchange for piano or
organ k-ssniis. Box 637. Call.
WANTED— To puchase a good^ upright piano^
HORSES.
FOR Sale— Pair of well matched standard bred
and very fast bay trotters, with buggy and
harness, complete; fine road team for a gen-
tleman. _^\ddress 8., 220 Montgomery aye.
SO HORSES of ever." description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia St.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for i-ale; also wagon*, buggl-s.
cartß. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 8?7 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TO LEASE.
FURNISHED hotel in Benicta: 2 minutes*
walk to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel, Benicia, CaLBCSIXESS CHI\CES.
A— s4ooo— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
■of - groceries. ' liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
location on Mission St.; death of owner ca.us»
of genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG 906
Market st.
■A.— 4l2C-— COAL ad wood yard; established
many years; doing good business; horses and
■wagons; rent $25; death of owner came of
sale: genuine good investment. Call WILKE :
& UNFUG. 506 Market st. "■-:_?.■.
A— $:>OC— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County
fine bar room: 2 pariors; 7 bed rooms; large i
rrounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
r.rst-class paying estabiisliment; owner to
!KTVp 6 I ™ l -V * bar * a *. Particulars
\\ ILtvE _; LNFiG. 306 Market st.
A-51 00; CORNER pecery and bar; established
. year'; doing good-paying business: death of
V,' a I r .' ; . r ." <Jse ,. r 'f_f?.le; 4 living rooms; rent 44-.
VILivE _; INFCO. i>o6 ■ trket st.
A-i;... SALOON near !_, R. depct: npt rent
■ > 114; card and private rooms; the biggest
KY&itat! 1 market. WILKE * UXFL'G,
•'• .- !■■>■— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
1H St.; c, living rooms; rent $_:»; doing a good
: ivinx business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE A UNFUG. SOS Market st,
A-s£3o— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $63: partners
can t agree. WILKE & UNFUG, SO6 Market.
S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market St.. oldest
anl most reliable firm in this line in the
•sty. have for sale the following:
A— SIW; grocery and bar; best location In
Mission; 3 lsving rooms; stable; low rent; flne
stock; good trade; stock will invoice fully
trice asked; thorough Investigation.
— SIX); groceries and Jiquors: living rooms;
must sell; really worth 'investigating.
A—s3so;A — $350; candy rcute over »' counties; tea.m
•and wagon: well -established trade; clearing
new, net $75 per month.
.•■TT".' 00 bake- and delicacies; •stab-
r^ . siness; nne tra Je: large stock; will
wit* sood raomi =K-house or sell either
x £? ent , sa P ar - lte : investigation solicited.
A — H a fF alns la cigar stands; $1.3, $130.
•*— fi4ja: meat market and fruit stand; cuts
up ° beeves. 2 calves. 35 sheep per week; 2
m__ e _oiicit .d 8ona: ail cash trade, thorough
J \fn7"i PARTXER wanted; light indoor business;
M-LAremiVi 3 ,^ r m - a V h r t0 each yearly.
M A-AL -rIILIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
s ;wo_Partner_ Partner war.ted in saloon: established 30
M^LAUGH^n C 0l el 777^rkers r t. ""^
- GHLI > & CO.. 777 Market st.
$:c« — GROCERY store: north of Market St.;
hquors by the bottle: stock worth the money.
MeLALGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$323 — CANDY and ice cre_jn parlor and deli-
C ? S t-£V r a bargain on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
J"'— COFFEE and chop house; a bargrain. Mc-
LAUGH LIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
A-KREDO & CO 22- Geary at
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$SSO— Grocery and bar; value in stock.
ITVi— Grocery and bar; Third St.: snap.
$330 — Grocery and bar; a real bargain.
. KREDO & CO..
$173<*— Salocn; cor. Market: receipts $73 daily.
$_CO— Saloon; corner: near cattle market.
2--. Geary st.
$"73 — Cigar stand; clears $100 monthly.
$175— Cigar stand: $10 daily.
KREDO & CO.
A—ilcO; COFFEE and lunch; $13 daily: must
yell; other business. KREDO & CO.. Geary.
::"•:— PARTNER wanted in exclusive business;
?:: to ns a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary St.
$■»'■— PARTNER war.ted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
Inferred to hired h*?!p; business ng estab-
Vshed and too much for one man; no expe-
r»nce r^-.ulred; trial given; $1S to $30 a week
a h. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
bar.
oargaln.
■ cry.
HV — Branch bakery anl delicatessen.
RSOASaloon; worth J30O; to-day.
■ . JONES. .65 . Market st.
$::v-CIGAR store on Market st.; $300, corner
saloon; must sell. 1027U Market st.
S.: 1 — EXPRESS business; . steady trade from
«t.?res; trial given. Inquire 10.7H Market st.
EOO— CORNER saloon: pood -location; cheap
r°nt; investigate. iq_ru Mar Set st.
M. W. MOON & CO., formerly the National
.•-^ncy at 7 Grant aye., are now locat- at ]
: <8% Market st. and have buyers to invest
in any legitimate business: rarties willing to
*•>!! give us a cal!: correspondence solicited.
ENERGETIC man with sr.CO can clear $500 a
month, guaranteed: this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Paxtic-
_!ars. box ?04. Call office. Oakland.
$173— BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; do-
ing gocd business:' investigate. Inquire 1321
Euchar.an. near Ellis.
OLD stand; good trade: express wagon. 2
harses: nu?t be cold; owner leaving city. In-
_guire 3.3 Hayes st.
C^F*FT-_. "and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.':?, 415 Sacramento st. :
CIGAR stand for sale; 2 living rooms, $6;
laundry pays rent; price, $50. 606 Third st.
llOi) — WELL stocked candy store; must sell at
once. Address box 6C7, Call office.
GOOD chance for middle-aged women to make
money. 7S_ Market, room 2. .
BAKERY: all store trade: no wagca; l'-a bbls.
_daily. Box €6S, Call ai&ce.
PROMOTER? ited to introduce new inven-
tion. Box 635. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Fine cisrar stand; 24 Ed_y. Call
ricm f"l4. Call building.
$60 — CIGAR store: clears $1 50 a day; can be
ir.crqagi'd. 141 Fifth st.
WELL-EQUIPPED boar.lnsr and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness: must
«<?il before winter: 3*5 boarders: 20 livery and
work horses: buggies: surries: carriage;
double and single harness; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Offlce.
WKLL-ESTABLISHED plumbing and hard-
ware business- in country town 60 miles from
San Francisco; reasonable terms. For full
apply H. HACICE, 675 Bryant st.
Ff»R 6a LE — A saloon and eating house in the
twst part tit the city; very low rent: party
must ro'East. Addi 213 Stevenson st.
TOM RQBINETT.
*255— SEVEN f urrl i<= he ,j rO oms and bar; $313—4
t?"U*E™ rooms and cigar stand. WARD &
MARTIN. : ;.^ Market, opp. Hibernia Bank.
CRACKEIi r-.ute frr sale; clearing $150 per
month; a trial riv-n; this is a genuine busl-
R< *>»- ,"M Church st., comer Twenty-thtrd.
"WANTED— Secr--..i.->- for r anC i a i Institution
who will put to a few thousand dollars: must
te competent. A ijiress box 641, Call.
HALF Inter st •■'-< da-7y: -, cows. JOHN
EGLI. 121 Syca.-r.crs st.. Ocean View.
HALF Interest in photograph gallery for sale.
Inquire 1138 Mai st.
SHOE shop: doing fine" business: gpod looa-
tion: cheap rent; r^ascnable. 332 Bush st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED <!r:r.k!ng saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 6_o Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
BARBER shop— First-class two-chair 15c shop,
completely furnished rocas in rear; sickness.
Address box 1337, Call effice.
GOOD paying grocery and bar in Mission: rea-
sonable. Inquire IW9 Mission st,
COFFEE. tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. U7-10*
B.ale St.. ■ ■
LODCIXG HOCSESJ'OB SALE. .
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp."Flft_u
110-rocm corner house $6500
10-room house; worth $1000 500
32 •>ms; flne corner IS5<)
14-roorn house; only 600
26-room house; rent $50 750
3- room house to rent; furniehed........; ...
♦ --room flat; rent $22. 230
14 rooms; on Sutter st 430
Si rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2300
10 rooms; on Sutter st 230
24-room house; new house and furniture. S3O
S rooms; new furni tare; cost $.'3O 200
12 rooms: on Market St.; rent $40 430
10-room house; only - 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150.. 550
46-room house; orner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOA.VKi ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO i- CO 22i_ Geary st.
, Money advanced on all houses.
9 rooms; nice house; clears $33 $325
10 roms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500
14 rooms: all bay-windows; a snap. 800
17 rooms; Jones St.: ri^ars $73 700
23 rooms: Fifth st.: clears '"j «00
30 rooms; best en Kearny: offices 2200
105 room*: best known hous.a on coast.... 4000-
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— sl3o0 — 46 rooms: nicely furnished; keeps 20
rooms for transient: always full; will clear
> $200 p«r month. KREDO _c CO.. 22H Geary.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
14 rooms; near Orpheum: cost $1500; must
sacrifice: almost a gift 650
15 rooms; offices; near Chronicle: cheap
ren>: _n • xceptlcnal chance; »cc It S3O
13 rooms': sunny corner; If you have $230
we will furnish the balance .; .30- -
33 rooms: facing Union square; cheap
rent: inspection invited: A No. 1 place. 2300
£2 rooms: rent only $200; water free;
• greatest opportunity ever QUered; inves-
tlgafi 2700
A— sSsfl-- HOUSE of 35 rooms: rent $50; op
Stockton et. : sickness In family cause of
great bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Ma rket st. ' ' ■ -
A— l2ooo CASH: SO rooms: elevator: rent $200;
clears. s2oo. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
A— SNAP: $1000: comer. 70 rooms: clears $100. '
At SPECK * CO.'S. 6C2 Market
$13»0— Lodging:- house: 40 rooms, bargain: part
• s<h If desired. M'LAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market gt. . ,
LADIES. If you need riddm call on UNCLE .
HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.. a?ar Market st.
PERSONALS.
PICTURE framlns with^a^T'now^drlelp.r
tha:; ever; 7x9 inches. 10c; 10x12, 15c- 12x16
!2%"-:_b 25c: U . Xin - *>*■■ IS *&. 3^; 20x24. 45c:
*___.S. t>Oc; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 13c; room molding, all
colors lc per foot; colored pictures, studies,
etc 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission st,, bet
First and Second. Open evenings.
T ?^P as A ronoia !?, restaurant, formerly the
?k£ g 't wl " remain open at the same
place as before,, the kitchen being under the
• chefsin ti-
A. OAtDARt), prop'r., cor. Bush and Grant.
L ?- I ?. E^, E^ % , the hairdresser, has but one price,
a*e !-fy S : LEDERER ' S FOA sc pW
d-fv- »ni^ °? er; ewitohea . » up: ' Pen Sun-
da>s and holiday?. 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
1^?' 3 ..^ 11101113 - Is the otle tonic that
helps hair that le thin or falling out: 35c bot-
tle; try.lt. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
J ° ; 'H\GREVEN. instructor or many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; class**, month-
ly $-. ensemble and single treatment; only
tliose enlisting before Christmas accepted".
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
DR. MORSE, eye specialist, formerly at 303
Eddy St., has moved to room 402. Parrott
block, over Emporium.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. lIS Stockton «tt.
ELKCTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 roonu;
t&c to $150 per night; $130 to $S per we»k ,
free "bus and baggage to and fr m the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coua-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. .13 Sutter.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRg. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. •■•- Mark«t >t.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' _^nch~Tafl'orfng
College. Sl6 Market: men and women teachers.
LATEST Btyle dresses made. $5 to $«: dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St.. rooms 14 and 15.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients with
every ccmiort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. between
Hyde ar.d Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): 6afe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fair
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; ail those
who are sick ar.d discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS
DR. WYETH. 20S Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true frienda of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' pratclce; »_.'•» and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
. avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adepted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules ar» guaranteed
abeolute cure for all temale diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box. Bent free by mail
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution — Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; sa and
sure: no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: rills and capsules, $1; cure $.>.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR
POPPER. 31S Kearny st,
LADIES — Cfcichester's English Pennyroyal Plll-j
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Fhlla.
TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instrument* used: guaranteed cure
at of See, $5; travelers hetped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 112-
Market Ft., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure tn 24 j
hours guaranteed: any complaints: no instru- :
ments; maternity home; best medical at- I
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van j
Ness to 1362 A Mkt..b_t. Jones & Ctty Hall it.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe- |
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved Immedate-
ly: call cr write; confidential. 10_."P4 Market.
ALL married lalies know "&?guro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.;
1 $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. '531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private heme In confinement, with every
cemfert; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. i don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast A*ent9. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant, sunny
home in confinement, 13S Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladies cared for during
rutnent. 727 Betirme are.. Lei An«r°l<*».
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Pr.at st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical. Civil and mining engineering; »uh-
veying, assaying, etc 20 teachers; 11W grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 72" Market st. : indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, 'yping. book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.: life scholarship. *-0; low rates
per week and month.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly:
50c an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 12' Octavia.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
.st, 1564. VAN DER N AILLEN. 553 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F C. Caldwell: lv yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels " ldg. 927 Market.
rv TF.UCTIOX — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3341 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, I_3« Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING.- rapid calculation.- practically
tau e-ht : short - —■■• Tarr. "' --.---> bldg.
LOST.
LOST— Small memorandum book, with owner's
address in front, a pictunj and some papers
in back, of no value to finder. Reward of $5
If returned to GEOP.GE M. MOTT, Sacra-
mento, or H. S. Crocker Co.. S. F.
LADIES' purse containing receipts to CARRIE
MULTNER. Address 322 Eleventh aye.. Rich.
LOST— setter dog. Return to 1070 East
Twenty-fourth Ft., Oakland; reward. •
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS", 15 Grant aye., near Market St.. the
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive th? kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.-; '
$5 REWARD for return ; black Newfoundland
dog; white breast, white spots on paws. Cor.
Twenty-fifth and Bryant: phone Blue 1432.
DIAMOND horseshoe scarfpln; liberal reward
for return or information of same. Box €97,
Call offlce.
C VRPET CLKAMXG.
CITY Steam Carpet -cleaning WorUs — Cleans.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, • Mgr.,
SS and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 230.
WHEN you become distgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st,: tel. S. 10.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works. SS3 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlns; Co.. ->02 5-utter st.:
tel. Main ■",4 GEO. WOLCOM. r> mrrt»tor.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. •W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market St.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank. .
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice: open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larktn. j
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma ',
Spreckels b1dg.. 927 Market: charges moderate.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- \
ket: consultation free: no fee* in advance.
TIPfcWKITKRS. ~
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used . for sale . cheap; send 'cr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: Caligraph. -$15: Yost. $25;
get cample work.. SCOTT. 33- Moatgomerv st. t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LI_T.
: $3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE KARRJ_r. 15 Grant aye..
I near Market st. 2
Send for circular: hou.es to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN x. CO., 14 Montgomery.
TURK, y.l. near Franklin— Modem sunny
\ house. 9 ro>ms; baf_i; garden front and rear.
i WE can rent you a house with or without a
" flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
j gomery st,
i 12-ROOM house: fine fcr renting rooms. 29 Oak
I st.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
i $20—6 ROOMS and bath (new): Sutro Heights;
j grand marine view; near 2 car lines. 410
i Forty-fifth aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$js_COTTAGETT^ooins. bath, basement; $I.">.
upper flat. 5 rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
FLATS TO LET.
I FINE sunny flat. 4 rooms; near Mechanics'
. Pavilion. 62 Ivy aye.
! FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. S% Lewis St., off
i Taylor, near Post.
MODERN fiat of 4 rooms and bath. ISO 7 Eddy
i St.. near Scott; rent cheap. ■
SECOND, 623— Flat, . sunny rooms, $14; also
; sunny cottage.
SIXTEENTH. 3176. near Guerrero— Nice flat 4
( rooms and bath; modern improvements; will
| let choap; also store: nice living rooms.
| SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath; modern imp. ; large
sunny yard; rear entrance. 2506 Howard.
TWO sunny flats; newly papered and painted;
i $'■) and $10. 2C41 Harrison st.
: WE can rent you a fiat with or without a
j flagpole. BALDWIN i HOWELL. 10 Moat-
gomery Et. ' _^
4 ROOMS ar.d bath and washroom. 1106H Treat
avenue.
$1 000 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 13 Grant aye..
near Market st. . .
HOOMS POB UOI'SEKEEPIXG.
: ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest tmount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry
1 at UNCLE HARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye., near
Market st. —
I BARTLETT, 447— Two furnished rooms and
kitchen; downstairs; housekeeping.
: CLEMENTINA. 707— Nice sunny housekeeping
j rooms; bath and wash room; $7.
EDDY. 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; all
conveniences: Bne location; private residence.
j EDDY. 917— Very desirable connecting house-
j keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS, 139, corner Larkin— Bay-window al-
: cove; mantel; with kitchen complete: $18.
I FIFTH 322— Large sunny front ' bedroom and
\ kitchen: grate, water, sink, bath: private; $11.
; FJFTH. Clean furnished housekeeping;
'3 rooms. $12; also single, $3, $3 and $2.
• GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
eunny unfurnished room*, with gas range.
j GUY place. 12, off First, Just above Folsom—
i $16; 6 rooms ar I bath; lower part of houae.
j HOWARD. 523— Pleasant front room; furnished
'< complete for housekeeping; others reasonable.
KEARNY. near Sutter— Three unrurnlshed
front rooms for offices or housekeeping:; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
'MARKET, 102S— Larce sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed: closet; call after 6 p. m.
MISSION. S6S— 2 convenient connecting house-
keeping rooms; also single; sunny.
; NINTH. Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water; stove.
i NINETEENTH. 4045, near Castro— 3 unfur-
j nlshed sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap.
I OAK. 12— Large alcove room; running water;
folding bed: cook stove; rent $10.
! OCTAVIA. 311— Elegant new sunny furnished
■ bay window; corner floor; bath; gas; yard.
SIXTH, Off. — 2 nice sunny front rooms for
light hkpg; also single: reasonable; quiet,
SIXTH, 333, corner Harrison— Sunny front
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
I . -^ —
SIXTH. -ekeepine rooms; also elegant
! parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
STEINER. 1433— Three or 4 rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
j TEHAMA. 62, near Second— lower part of
house; first rate order\
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
pleta; first floor; bath, gas.
S THIRD. 340— rooms, complete for house-
keeping; rent $7.
. ROOMS TO LET. ~
j ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearay -t.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en euite or ingle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The. 1043 A Market— Changed uands:
renovated: rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per week: cruntry trade solicited: elev*tr;tel.
; BRUNSWICK— I43 Sixth st.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
'•■ $1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howaxd-.t.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and efflcea.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
fßTOisbed single and double rms. : $S. $1" mo.
DOLORES. 425— 3 furnished rooms to let; rent
j cheap: call evenings.
■ SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
j Grant aye., near Market st.
' EDDY. — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable: $6 per month upward.
i EDDY. 330, between. Jones and Leavenworth —
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms',
carets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS. 413 (Grand • Carnot) — Nice sur>ny suites
& sing.. $130. $S wk. : 50c. $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
: FILLMORE, 1720—7 handsomely moderm
papered sunny rooms; large yard and b__em'i.
i GEARY. Newly fur. sunny front rms.: 3
unfur.; cor. rms.; Ist floor; baths; transient.
: GEARY, 423. "The Gate"— Elegant furnished.
; en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
: GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1: week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. £eventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 417^—2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 30 to $6 ;er week.
HASKELL. The, 1.1 Powell— management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOWARD. 933 H. near SlxCi— Newly furnished
: sunny rooms: bath; $1 week up: quiet bouse.
! HOWARD, 1800, corner Fourteenth— sunny
front rooms; rent f s.
JESSIE, 812— To fet, a large sunny front room,
unfurnished.
LEAVENWORTH, 1303, nr. Jackson— sunny
furnished rooms, bath: $10.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 43« Fifth— Everything
: new; rms.. single or suite, $1 Wk. up; trans-
' clent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Fo'.icra and Rausch. prop.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 533 <Mlnt House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
NINTH, 20, near Mark Front bay-window
I room; folding bed: grate: gas; $3.
I O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
; vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
I PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
. eunny front rooms; double, single: first class.
SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished;
: modern, sunny: single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
nrir Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
! STOCKTON, . 242— Sunny front rooms: suites,
j single; facing plaza; day or month. _-. *
STOCKTON pi.. 10. nr. Grant aye.— Single and
double from $3 and ■ up.
SUTTER, 1111 — Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite; very reasonable.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite cr «1n?le: bath. gas.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.. nr. Market st.
CHILDIii-:* BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 or 3 children to board;
good lv>me; terms $2 per week. 51 Clara st.
WOMAN wculd like child to raise on bottle:
mother's care: no other children; or would
take older child. IC6 Natoma st.
i EXPERIENCED lady would board Infant or
1 older children; mother's care;. $10. 2SS2 Six-
teenth st., near Howard.
I
STORES TO LET.
' GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma sts. ; living rooms.
STORE: 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. 310
Flllmore st,. corner Haight.
TWO-show- window store and two living rooms
to let; cheap. ' 1802 Howard st.
OFFICES TO LET.' -
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927. Market St.—
• Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 30
I to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210. j
ROOM A.\D BOARD.
BUSH. 1094—2 front rooms; excellent home .
cooking: 2 meals; reasonable. <
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; ga3; gent* preferred. J
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite. .
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new : ;
furniture; first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water;" elevator; !
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up. ■
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. :
near Market st. j
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove rocm ; •
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single rm. : aiso sunny ; •
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts: piano. :
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca- :
tion unsurpassed: reasonable. 1 !
VAN NESS. 4:0 — Large sunny room- with board
for two: separate beds: very cheap. ! '
VAN NEPS aye.. 51! 1 — Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye., Sunny pleasant rooms, j
with board: gas: bath: $20 per month up.
MUSICAL IXSTRI'MESTS.
aTIS^P^^OnVh^NsVaLL^4ENTs"aND
UPWARD.
$3 30 per month rent; new pianos. ,
Heine upright $295 00
Etelnway upright IS7 50
Chickering upright 235 00 :
Sohmer upright 113 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct •
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Ofnee of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING C 0.-
,-136 Ellis Ft.. Y. M. C. A. building. . j '
A BEAUTIFUL Hardman; used few months ■
only; a great opportunity. The J. DEWING
CO., sole agents Hardman piano, second •
Uoor, Flood building. i ; ]
A FINE practically new Chickering upright; 1
carefully selected by the owners at the Chick- | |
erin:,- fac.tory; sacrificed! Immediately on ac- ■
count of loss of business. See ot at once at ;
room' 12. Flood building. j :
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be" sold at once to best offer. Room 12;
Flood building. ■
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8 j .
cash and $5 per month, we ask you to invest:- :
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all ca»h; bargains '
in gocd second-hand uprights upon same easy .
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and I -
*5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. f
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ;
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway. Oakland. .-. j ;
A FINE List of Bargains in Good Uprights !
Thl3 Week Only:
Weber s so
Pteinway :.. •" 130 •
Fisher (Sacrificed) i
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap. v;,;i '.
Open evpninirs until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post St.
ABSOLUTELY the old«>t and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHAS -
26. 2S and M O'Farrell St.; piano*, organs and .
all other musical instruments of all grades t
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; even'-
thing possible done, to please and satisfy the •
customer. '
AT AUCTION— 6 PIANOS.
To realize money advanced will auction 5 !
strictly h:eh grade new pianos (never used)
and one second-hand plan Friday, Decem- !
ber 23. at 2:30 p. m. J. L. LYONS. Auction-
eer. 1075 Fourteenth st.. corner Chestnut, .
Oakland; private residence.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only: ' ■
Sterling piano; rosewood case $l? 0 ■
Royal piano; oak case ..'. 117 ;
Miller piano, rosewor-d case 198 j '
$6 per month; guarantepd 5 years. ' | ■
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
DURING the next few w»eks while our store \
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise: ]
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC. CO., 769 Market st. ;•; , V
A STEINWAY. $173: Steck. $150: Estey, $225;
Fischer, $230; Weber, $200: easy payments:
pianos rer-ted $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post at.
WU. G. BADGER. 413 Sacramento St.. agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN eWant Stelnway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. 1818 Market st. >-i>\ ;
$163— FINE uprleht Pecker piano, cost $55>;
bargain.' 1012 Polk st.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 218 !
Post st. . •
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlrkerinar upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. IW9 Van Ness aye.
FINE Pteinway: great bargain.' SCHMITZ.
, U McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
A PIAMO that: will please you, the- Byron
Mauzy. _0S Pngt st. >• : j
HAINES Bros.' and "trier flr«t-class pianos at 1
reduced prices. W. C HAMILTON. 324 Post. I
NEARLY new uprieht piano cheap; brilliant. |
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAfflater. i
KNABE pianos: new scale: n»w styles. KOH- i
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. , . j ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MUXLTTR. mak»r. r»r».lr»r. 1 Latham plsro.
FOR SALE— 3IISCELLAXEOCS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me- '
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont M. . ',
TWO-STONE diamond and sapphire ring, $65; ,
worth $130. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE — Flr»t-cla.«s laundry wagon" cheap. •
Apply 2046 O'Farrell st,
GOOD singing canary birds for sale. ' 431
Minna st.
FOR sale — Small billiard table; almost new.
737 Harrison st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission . St..
above Sixth. ::■. ~~ -,;
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at 1
J. D. HORAN" S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts. : among them aro several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle. • 1
MASTIFF pups, at Rose Cottage, Maple Court, i 1
off Fourteenth Bt., between Guerrero and
Dolores. i :
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers. good ,
order, cheap. 1915 Mission. st,, near Fifteenth.
DOUBLE cylinder 5 h. p. gas engine, in good
running order. 64S Mission st. ;
NEW seafskin sacque. Apply M. L., box 4SB,
Call office.
BEAUTIFUL diamond bracelet, cost $350; also :
solitaire diamond ring, cheap. 43 Plxth st.
SECOND-HAND engine:", boilers, pumps, hose, ■
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st, .<
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417- ;
423 Sacramento st. . :
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand : •
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787. j •
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all ' •
sizes; half original cost., 109-111 Market, 3. F.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p.. $100; 2 h. p.. $115;
3 h. p., $150; 4 hp., $173. Smith Co.. 527 Mission. j '■
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. B» Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFPCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. t '.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly ■
Call. Sent to any address in the United i ■
States, postpaid, f or $1 50 a year. ■ ■
BICYCLES. -. ; :
EXTRA fine pointer dog pup; S months old;
will exchange for bicycle or chickens or sell.
JONES. 865 Market st. . ,
ALMOST new high-grade wheel for cheap; ;
22-lnch frame. 722 Broderick. near McAllister.
v DEXTISTS.
A METAL plate for the ' tame price as rub-
ber; full set of. teeth. $5; crovns, 13: fill-
■ ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty; >"
written guarantee for ten years given on all :
work, no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered, consultation free. ;
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason at.
_ ;
A FULL set of teeth. $5; . see new flextbU |
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; j
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work |
cur specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 SO: all j
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 118.
DR. GEORGE W.LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his. wonder- j
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub- i
ber or flexible plates $3; received t first priaes: I
no students; guarantee 1_ years. - - ■ I .
VAN VROOM Electro" Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up: all work pain- ;
less nntl guaranteed to. ntand; open evenings. : ■
997 Market st.. corner Sixth. .^
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired; i
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN- I
TISTS, 969 Mission st. - ■" - ' j
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Uarket - «st_ near i
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work und fillings a I
. specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. 60c; silver. 25c: crowns. $3. .
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 — Crown and |
bridge work specialists: crowns $3; est. IS yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q. '
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ,
ALL work reasonable and warranted TR. 3. '•
W.-KEY. 1320 "Market st. ' .."•.:.*-; -
ELEVENTH. ICS— Branch offlc, o( Tlu -"all !'.
Eubscriptlasa and ads taken. -. - •■■ ••••.-.-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION sale. S. "P. Mfddleton. referee.
Wednesday, Dec 21. 1898, 12 m.. at 11 Mont-
gomery st.: lot 23x112:6 feet, west side of
Baker st. north of Sutter St., Nos. 1309 and
1511; two flats, S and 7 rooms and bath; large
basement; brick twall and foundations sur- :
rounding lot. ■ , * ' ' .! '■
HOUSES built far $150 a room' and up: repair
done: will call. ; GEORGE M. 3ALSBURY.'
builder, 521 X St., Sunset District.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot. near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that thsy can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR- i
RIS, 13 Grant aye.. near Market st.
$450— NEBRASKA, st., near Nineteenth and
Lick School: 23x100; $30 cash, balance $8 per
month; corner $300. Inquire 1326 Hayes st. j
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE, rich farms of 10 acres, right at Ante-
lope station. Sacramento County, ma.y be I
bought for $300, but may be leased on trial
at $20 per year and for a years. McEWEN i
BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
A— 12200— 140- ACRE ranch, 2 miles from town:
Napa; nice hoUEe, barn; Pne orchard of 4
acres; 4 horses; cows, toots, etc. SPECK &
CO.. 6C2 Market St. i
BARGAIN— I4-acre orange grove, bearing, or ! !
exchange for S. F. property, at SPECK 4 I
CO.'S. 602 Market st.
BARGAINS!— 3 20-acrfe tracts: level, rich val-
ley land: within 25 miles of Oakland; price
way down. Box 731. Call office. ■ •
PROPERTY "WANTED.
A— s3ooo; Sutter-st. flats: want grain ranch, at '
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st. j ;
— ;
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQUITY of $2000 in Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for small Improved mountain ranch.
Box IS'!>. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; 'no delays. j.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ■
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and J»w-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
tore, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003Vs Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, ; pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. Id
ar.-i 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. MeCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$3000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st.. room 4. until Jan. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Maecn St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without 'removal^ no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 635 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
SPIRITUALISM. „__
ATTENTION! ~ " * " "~" "~*
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who eeea it all, tells jrda all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
wcrd she tells you in full of all that you are
interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
■ mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope. :
All correspondence sacredly confidential. !
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and m"«t successful Address or
call. . MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st., S. F., The VenJome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrlst. box 113, Oakland, Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mall without symptoms
required, from lock of hair: 5 2-cent stamps:
rock from mines read. $3 50; life readings by
mall, $2 50. .1
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant.
cures disease with reveal»d remedies: consult
when cth»rs fail: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
and palmist; truth or no pay;. 2sc. 1150 Mis-
sion st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister st.: come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
S p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234H 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 3 p m.;
Man.. 8; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st. I
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description if UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
ave.t near Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At IC23H Market Street.
; Between Sixth and Seventh. ]
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remov* family
troubles, restore lost aCecttons, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove lnflu- .
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death, '
divorces, absent friends, etc
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet, 6th and 7th. ' •
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant p.nd card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MQREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 221 Sixth
street.
Mrs. Hoskins, tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; clr-
Clea Tues. eve.. 28c. 322 S. Spring, Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fessicn, has removed to 21S Stockton st. .
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has cpened'an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
HYPNOTISM ? :
COLLEGE Suggestive Therapeutics, 305 Larkln
et., San — Diseases and habtt3 cured
at the college by suggestion: occult science
taught; hours to suit pupil; Tuesday evening
clinic free; experienced teachers and prac-
tltloners. DR. S. TURMAN. (
YUKO MAIL,
' RELIABLE party returning to Yukon, via
Skaguay and Bennett, over the Ice with dog
t<*ams, will leave San Francisco January 10,
1599, for Dawson. Circle . City and by sta-
tions on the Yukon River, ■as ' far as Ram-
part City; will receive and carry letters sent
In Government stamped envelopes at $1 per
letter; letters over 2 ounces will be charged
extra: all must be stamped according to
weight: letters for Atlln City will be for-
warded from Bennett. Call or address letters '
with- fee • Inclosed. .
N. B.— Letters . received will be answered
by postal, which forms a receipt, signed by
the carrier, if so desired. Address C. O. "
JOHNSTONE. $31 Keaxny St., San Francisco ,
Cal. •.-■.-■■■- -■■•-. ■-■-- .....-;■•.•-
, RESOLUTION.
RESOLUTION— At a meeting of the Board of '
New City Hall Commissioners, held Decem-
ber 16. IS9B, the following resolution , was
ordered passed to print: ' ,
Resolved, that the following ; final ac-
ceptance pa^mient be passed to print: James
J. O'Brien, on contract. No. ,83, the sum of "
$3C,'_ 06- also final payment :to John J.
McGowan, contract No. 87, sum ;of $627 50;
John D. Spreckels & Bros. Co., $7 6 50: John
Quadt, $35; Gladding. Mcßean & Co., $808 50;
W. H. McCormack..s2s.
Ayes— : ommissloners Fhelan, Broderick,
Gallagher. ■ . : . ■ ■ ' ■ ' ••■ . ■)
SAMUEL H. BECKETT.
, ' -; .: Acting Secretary.
SEWING I MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
; machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought. ,' sold, exchanged; rented;
repairing at. lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. *•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
UAivLAiMJ AU V EiK 1 ioDMbiMp. .
OFFICE— 9Oy BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
— .... . i „____
U MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood;
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern:
thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot !
ttxlS; smalt payment and monthly ir.stall-
ments can be arranged. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
1255 CASH;' small monthly installments as rent
till paid for; a new, coxy cottage, 3 large
rooms: quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots, al!
pi ket fenced; chicken houses and outhouses; I
city water and fine well of spring water; \
flowers and n!re garden; a self-sustaining i
home; price J1400: 3 electric car lines aid flue j
school house' near by; Allendale settlement, i
East Oakland; climate and soil tha best; grand
v:ew; no fogs nor cold winds here; -t> families
now own. their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland;, carriage free. H.
7.. JONES, owner. '
*4400— 33 ACRES; cheapest ranch in California;
4 miles from center of Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITTRE FOR SALE.
FrTvNITURE-Good «nd ch-ao. H.SCHKL.^-
HA_AB* eld »tnr». «0S Rl>y»r'»S if • B«« hl->
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. '
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and ■
on your own terms; call and see plan 3. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park St.
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE .CHEAM OF BERKELEY^ ~~T~
1 block from I". C. ; handsome new 3-room !
Colonial home; porcelain bath, gas, plate j
gla.»s windows: medern in every way; finished
in natural wood: yard improved with fine as-
sortment of fruit trees and flowers; on ac-
count of . owner leaving town, will seli ■at i
rea-onable figure. Address or call. 31 L.
WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway, Oak-
land.
$1730 — HOUSE of 5 . rocms: large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the ors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley.
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS investment: house of 13
rooms; near the university; thoroughly well i
built; all the latest improvements; street I
work all done; leased for $50 net monthly. i
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. i
Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke- I
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home; j
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill ■
and al! Improvements: price $7000.
D. J. TOBIN. Real Estate Agent,
2121 Stanford place.
PLEASANT h-ime of 7 room 3 on. improved
street, for only $2230. O. G. MAY & CO
2123 Center •■;.. . ■ •■ • •■: ■ \
—^—^— — »
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., December 13, IS9S—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re- '
ceived here until 12 o'clock m., January 13, ■
1533. and then opened, for construction of a
garbage cremator at Presidio of San Fran- ]
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
• Ject or accept any or all bids in whole or In
part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including in the price of foreign j
productions the duty thereon) being equal, j
and such preference given to articles of i
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
the public 1 service there. Information fur- j
nished on application to undersigned. En- !
velopes containing proposals should be in- |
dorsed "Proposals for Cremator at Presidio
of San Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
ral, Chief Q M.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Dor.nell, office
and residence. 102H4 Market, bet. (th and 7th.
STORAGE. ~
PIKKCE-RODCLPH Storage and Moving
Office 401 Post gt.. cor. Powell: tel. Main £711
, MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George A. Jasper and Freda yon He1m5. ..26-18
August Anderson and Mary Sorensen 40-29
Newton B. Converse and Lillian Ezeklal. !
A. H. Babcock and Celestine M. Lhulllier. 2l-20
William J. Edmundson and Jennie Casey..
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
• Birth, marriage and death notices sent by*
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
• BOBN. .
BANGLE— In Oakland. December 16. IS3B, to the j
wife of A. L. Bangle, a daughter. - ,
BARNARD— In this city, December 12, IS3S, to
the wife of Robert Barnard, a son.
CLEARY— this city, pecember 9. IS9B, to
the wife of T. J. Cleary, a son.
HENY— In this city. December IT. 1593, to the
wife of W. E. Heny, a son.
HIRSCHLER— In this city, December IS, 1393,
to the wife of David Hirschler, a daughter.
SALFIELD— In this city, December 1, 1338, to
the wife of David Saifield. a son.
WORRALL— In this city, December 19. IS9S, to
the wife of Albert Worrall, a daughter.
VAN GELDER— Oakland. Cal., December 7.
IS9S, to the wife of David Van Gelder. a
daughter.
MABBIED. ~~
BAUMBACH— BERRYESSA In this city. D«- i
. cember 16, IS3S, by the Rev. F. VV. Fischer, I
Frederick Baumbach of Los Angeles, Cal.,
and Ellen Berryessa of San Francisco.
MILLER— RENTSCHLER— In this city. De-
cember 17, 1898, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Augustus C. Miller and Mary Anna Rentsch-
ler, both of San Francisco.
PENNELL— SALCIDO— In this city. December
15, IS9B. by the Rev. Dr. Foute. rector of
Grace Episcopal Church. Walter A. Pennell
of Sacramento and Lenore, daughter of J.
Salcido, of San Andreas, Calaveras County.
——~~ DIED. ~~~
Alsip, A. B. Kramer, Henry
Brown, Amasa Lindner, Hermann
Brady, Matthew Lorenz, Anna M.
Cotter, Maurice Lowrey, Frank
Court. William . - . Lynn, Cecelia
Cunningham. L. Mattson. Charlotte
Daly, Annie M. Maxwell. J. H.
Danville, Jennie Moody, Edmund F.
Degorski. John ■ Nolan. Martin
Edward 3. John G. Noonan, John J.
Ellis. John Olmos, Fanny
Ferre, Lucinda Riley. Bernard
Geary, Bridget E. Robbins. Samuel L.
Hansen. Lars ' Roberts. Frank E.
Howard, Bridget I Sawyer, Susie E.
Jackson, Josephine Stalder, Joseph
Joeselyn. Lockwood Teggart. John
Kirby, Daniel Zlmmermann. Amalfa
ALSIP— Near St. Helena. December 13, 1838,
A. B. Alsip. aged 80 years.
E7"The funeral will be held this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock. from the residence of Mr
L. Frink, 1220 Grove street. Oakland. Inter-
ment private, at. Mountain View Cemetery. j
BROWN— Seminary Park," Alameda County.
CaL, Amasa Brown,' beloved father of Mrs.
Abble E. Stone. Mrs. Augusta E. Gates, Wil-
liam L. Brown and Lemuel A. Brown, a na-
tive of New York, aged 79 years S months anj
25 days. .
(C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, on Seminary avenue.
BRADY— ' Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal.,
December 19, ISSS, Matthew, beloved husband
of Margaret A. Brady, and father of Matthew !
F., Dr. George T . Mary T., John J., Hubert
E., Leo P. and Emmett J. Brady, a native cf
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 72 years 1 month
and 7 day 3. "Nlwt|;(|iili|TOitl||i(|[~tpiiin r jini)Wli|r|Bii]M|jl
COTTER— tbi.* city, December IS. 1398, Mau-
rice, beloved husband of ~ Catherine Votter.
and father of Peter, Thomas, • Mary, . Kate.
Nora and the late David Cotter, a native of j
County Cork, Ireland. '■ ■ : .. . : j ...
ICr Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-morrow |
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, • from . his late
IMllililMlll. 1389 Stevenson street, between Her- :
mann and | Thirteenth, | thence to Mission Do- !
lores Church, where a solemn i requiem " mass ,
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, j
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.' ' • -• ' ," -•-":-':
COURT— In ■ this city, December 14, IS3S, Wil- i
liam Court, a native of . Pennsylvania, - aged
88 years. (Philadelphia, Pa., . papers please i
copy.) ■ -■: •■/- ' ■ ..\ . !
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors !
• of the California Undertaking Company, | 123 '
Stockton street, corner of Geary- Interment ;
. Laurel Hill Cemetery- V
CUNNINGHAM— this city, December 19,' '
1338, Lawrerce, . husband of Kate Cunning- '<■
ham. and sister of Mrs. Timothy Sheeny of I
Watsonvllle, „ a .native of Ireland, aged 72
years. ■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ :' " . ■.. .- ' . . . - .. "
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the fnneral to-morrow i
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, I from his late
residence. 2620^ Sutter street, thence to the !
Dominican Church, Bush and Steiner streets ;
I where a requiem mass will be celebrated at
II . o'clock. . Interment Mount ■ Calvary Ceme- i
tery. ■'.-.-■ •.;•;:■-•;.• -.--
DALY— In this city. December IS, 1398, Ann
May,' beloved daughter of Ada and the late
Michael Daly, and beloved sister of John J !
William :H. and Michael F. ; Daly, and be^ |
loved niece of the late Margaret Barry I and I
Mr». Ellen Nelson, a native of San Francisco ; I
. aged 23 years 1 month and 29 days. . •
" ETFriends and acquaintances a,re .respect-
, fully invited "to attend the funeral < this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, h»r late resi-^ j
dence, 2QQS Powell street, ■ thence to St. • Fran- ,
Cis Church, where services will be held for
the repose of h*r soul, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Calvary.- Cemetery.
DANVILLE— In this city/ December IS. 3533.
Jennie, beloved wife of S. B. Danville, and
mother of Annie. Harry. Lottie and Charlie
Danville, a native cf Wisconsin, aged 33
years. . ,
Remain at the nicrtuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2125 Mis-*,
sion street, near Twenty-first.
DEGORSKI— In this city, December 17. 1533/
John, dearly beloved husband of the late
Emille Deg-orskl/and father of Stephanie De-
gorski. a oathre of Poland, -aged 60 years.
CTTriemls and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral this day
| (Tuesday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
. asnee, 333, Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
: Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high ■
| mass wlir.be celebrated for the repose of his
■ soul, commencing at 3:30 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery.
: EDWARDS— In this city, Decembe 13. IS3B.
■ John G. Edwards, a native of Indiana, aged
I £2 years 10 months ar. . 23 days.
(CFunsral services to-morrow bM>-
day), at 11 o'clock, .■ his late residence, 2021
California street. Interment private.
ELLIS— In this city. Decembor IS, IS3S. John,
beloved son of William John and Jane Ellis,
and brother of Rosie and M.iry J. Ellis, a
native of Vallejo, aged j months and 20 days.
FERRE— In this city. December 13. 1335. Lu-
cinoa. wife cf Horace R. Ferre. and mother
of Mrs. A. w. Pattaini and Ella. William
H.. Melville and Albert E. Ferre, a native o£
[j New York '.:ity, ag'e<3 70 years 4 months and
I, 8 days.
GEARY— In thla city, December IS. IS3S. Bri.l-
get E., beloved wife of the late Patrick
Geary, mother of Annie, Katie, Loretto.
James. Hecry and Joseph Geary, and sister
of Thorna3. James and Patrick Madden and
Mrs. a. Healy and the late Mrs. J. Clarke, a
native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'eloi from her late resi-
dence, 31 Tehama street, thenc* to St. Bren- l
dan's Church for services. In.t*rmer.t Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HANSF.X— In thi3 city, December 17. ISSS. Lars
Hansen, a native or' Norway, aged 2»^ears.-
Notice of -funeral' hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H» F. Suhr 4 Co., 1203 Mis-
sion street, ne.ur Eighth.
HOWARD— In this city. December 19. ISSB.
Bridget Howard, beloved mother of George
Howard and Mrs. Fred Staff, a native of Ire-
| land, aged o3 years 5 months and 23 days.
JACKSON— In this city, December 19, 1S:>8, Jo-
sephine, beloved widow of the late Charles
: Jackson, daughter of Mrs. L". Bush, and step-
daughter of Dr. L. Bush, a native of Benicia,
Cal.. aged 42 years 5 months and 2* days.
JOSSELYN— In this city, December IS. ISSS, '
Lockwood Ilollis, c!de«t son of Dr. Joseph H.
and Mamie TS. JcssMyn. a native of San Fran-
■ Cisco, aged 23 years and U months.
,C7Friends ami acqualntao are respect-
fully ftivited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Imp. O.
Redmen's Hall. 320 Post street. Interment
Laurel Hi 1 Cemetery.
KIRBY— In this city, December IS, IS3B, Daniel,
beloved husband of Annie Kii»>y. father of •
Johnnie Kirby, and brother of. Mrs. Maurice
Herrin and Mrs. John O'Neill, a native of
Bangor, M - . aged 41 years 11 months and 12
days. (Bangor, Me., papers plea.-- copy.) '
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvfted to ,'.tt-r..i the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, i;i Welsh street, between Third an'l
Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
services will be held at 2:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
1 KRAMER— In this city, December IS, IS9S.
Henry Kramer, a native of Germany, aged
61 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 7:20 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gar.tner & Guntz Undertaking
j Company, S and 10 City Hall, square, thence
! to- St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, near Jom street, where a solemn re-
: quiem hl?h mass will be celebrated for the
i repose of his soul, commencing at -8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
| LINDNER— In tr - city, December 17. IS3S.
Hermann, deariy beloved husband of Anna.
Lindner, and father of Willie. Anita and
Julius Lindner a native of Bremen.' Ger-
many. aKPd 35 years. ..■.'.-. .
CJ"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at II o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1203 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laur»l Hill Cemetery.
LORENZ— On Mission road, near Colma, Cal.,
December 13, IS9B. Anna Meta. dearly beloved
wife of Gustave H. Lorenz, and mother of
Adelphine. Anna ar. 1 Hinrich Lorenz. a na-
tive cf Hanover. Germany, aged 56 years 11
months *nd 17 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
§ (Tuesday), at 1:3 o'clrx:k. from her late resi-
dence. Mission road, rear Colma. Interment
Cypress Lawn . Cemetery, by electric funeral
car. " \-jr-j-'j.i.: ... -
LOWREY— th-s city. December 19. 1893, ■
i Frank, beloved husband of Charlotte Lowrey, -
and father of Harriet. Ruth and Rachael
Lowrey. a native of Hamilton. Ontario, aged
37 years and 9 months.
LYNN— In this city, December 18. I«9S, at her
residence. 127 Duncan street, Cecelia, beloved
wife of Patrick Lynn, mother of Henry Lynn.
and sister trf Bridget McFeeley, a native cf
Donegal, Ireland, aged 54 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tueday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's ■
Church, Twenty-ninth and Dolores streets.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertaking Company, 2423 Mission
: street, near Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MATTSON— In this city, December 13, IS3B.
Charlotte, dearly beloved wife of Karl Matt-
son, and cousin of Mrs. John' Petersen, a na-
tive of Halmstadt, Sweden, aged 33 years.
MAXWELL— In Ames, la., December 11, 1898.
J. H.. beloved husband of Joanna Maxwell,
and father of Mrs. C. J. Blalsdell. a native
of Eola, 111., aged 61 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Maeonlc Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
MOODY— this city, December IS, 1898, Ed-
mund Francis, youngest son of John and
Teresa M. Moody, and brother of E. P.
Moody, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence •to St. Dominic's Church. Steiner
street, for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
NOLAN— this city, December IS. 1833. Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Bridget .Nolan, father
of Mrs. Joseph Rlmllnger, Mrs. Joseph B.
Miller, Mrs. Thomas F. Glynn and Mrs.. Jo- '
seph A. Kelly, and brother of Maria and the-
« late Patrick Nolan, a native of the parish of
Athenry, County Galway, Ireland, aged 63
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 222 Birch avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a re--
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOONAN— December IS. 1338. John Joseph,
dearly beloved and oldest son of Peter S. and
Margaret Noonan. and brother of Peter F..
Joseph, Philip and George Noonan, a native
of San Francisco, aged IS years 7 months and
21 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un- .
dertaking ' Company. 8 and 10 City Hall
square.
OLMOS— In this city, December 19. 1893, Fanny,
beloved daughter of Samuel and Fanny Ol-
mos, and sister of Samuel and the late Lottie
Olmos, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 4 months.
RILEY— In this city, December IS, IS3B. Ber-
nard Riley. a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
ROBBINS— In this city, December IS, IS9B, at
his ' residence, 20 Roach street, Samuel
L., beloved husband of Josephine Robbins.
and father of Lottie. Samuel, Louis, Joste
and Albert Robblns, aged 43 years 10 months
and 23 days.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday*. -,
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 20 Roach
street. . Interment Laurel Hill. Cemetery.
ROBERTS— December 19. IS3S. Frank Elwln.
beloved husband of Nellie Roberta, and son
of Mary' A. Roberts, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 8 months and 13 days. "
SAWYER— In this city, December 18, 1338. r
Susie E., beloved wife of Dr. H. C. Sawyer,
a native of California, aged 38 years U
months and 7 days.
C?" Services and Interment private. I
STALDER —In this city. December 17, IS3S,
Joseph, - husband of Mary C. Stalder. and
father of Jc?eph Stalder Jr. and Mrs. E. L. '
Cutten, a native of Canton Lucerne, " Swltz- -
erland, aged 76 years and 2 months. - ,■ •
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2516 Sacramento street. Please omit ■
Cowers. Interment private.
TEGGART— In this city, December . IS, 1828.
John Teggart, uncle of Frederick John Teg-
gart, librarian of Mechanics' Institute, a
native of County Down, Ireland, aged 43 ■
• years. * '
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment private.
K. of H. — Members of Yerba Buena Lodge .No. ■
178S, K. of H., are requested to attend the .
" funeral of our late brother. John Teggart, •
this day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of Porter 4 White. 122
Eddy street. JOSEPH BAKER, Dictator.
ZIMMERMANN— In this city. December 13.
1333,- Amalia.- eldest an.i beloved daughter, of .
Albert and the late Ernestine Zlmmermann.
and sister of Albert Jr. and Mathilda Zim-
mermanh. "a" native of Hoboken, N. J., aged ,
12 years and 4 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances , are respect-
t ullv Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ■
of H. F.'Suhr A C*- 1239 iston street, near \
: Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. :
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher). \-. r '
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM3AL:rEBJk .
20 Fifth «t., onDosite Llacola Sc&oQl. . : :• - "■ .
. Telephone Scuth SO.
1112
BRANDES AS A
"BACHELOR" AND
HIS OWN BROTHER
Miss Emma Oliver Springs a
Sensation in the Berkeley
Murder Trial.
Jekyll and Hyde Existence Which
May Supply a Motive for the
Accusations Against
Lillian.
BRANDES WRITES
TO MISS OLIVER
IN Brandes' letter to me, written since he was in the County Jail, he
said: 'I am Borry to say that I shall not be able to meet you for some
time, as I have to go East. My brother, of whom L spoke to you so
often, has got Into very serious trouble and I have to go East to get
meney to help him out. If you want to get married while I am away I
have no objection. Do not, however, marry a Spaniard or a waiter, because
they are not the kind of husband you want. I shall be gone some months
but I hope you will not miss me. You are a good girl and deserve a good
husband and I hope you will get one." He signed the letter, 'Yours truly
William Ralph.' "—Extract from a statement made by Miss Emma Oliver
to whom Brandes was making love, and on whom he called on the eveninc
after the murder of his daughter.
A sensation was injected into the
Brandes murder case in Oakland yester
day by the appearance on the scene of
Miss Emma Oliver, a young lady who will
probably be one of the principal wit
nesses at the trial in the Superior Court.
On the day of the murder and for some
time previous W. A. Brandes was making
love to Miss Oliver and was actually as
purii-.f,- her that he was a single man with
honorable intentions. He frequently told
the young lady that the bad Berkeley
Brandes was his brother and that he waa
a good man looking for a good wife.
"And he might have killed me, too,"
said Miss Oliver, when she learned the
extent of her false lover's perfidy. The
remarkable story told to-night by the
young lady is one of the strangest chap
ters that ever formed part of a tragedy.
It shows clearly that Brandes was one
of the most perfect of plotters.
Just what his designs were in regard to
Miss Oliver she does not care to contem
plate, but it is probable that if the death
of Lillian had not resulted In the arrest
of her father and stepmother Brandes
would yet be paying his attentions to
the young lady who is only too thankful
that she discovered the truth in time.
The testimony of Miss Oliver knocks
several of the props from under the de
fense of Brandes. He was forced to ac
count for his money to his wife, and as
he was spending It on another than the
ones at home, he accused Lillian of steal
ing it. It required money to make love
and live a dual life, to be the head of a
nciusfhold at Berkeley and to be an
ardent lover in Oakland, and Lillian was
branded as a thief. Whether she took
any money or not, ehe certainly did not
take all that was missing from Brandes'
income, yet she was beaten cruelly for
Stealing it. and from these blows the 13
year-old child now lies in her grave.
Nor did hf cease paying his attentions
to Miss Oliver even while his only daugh
ter, bruised and battered, lay cold in
death, for twelve hours after the girl had
been found hung to her bedpost, Brandes
was making a call and with his icy cold
hand was telling in pitiful tones 6f the
death of his "brothers child" to the girl
to whom he again proclaimed himself a
single man.
Miss Oliver is 20 years old, and in figure
very much resembles Lillian. She Is pe
tite, with a very refined manner, has
a round girlish face and impresses one as
being an impulsive, conscientious girl
She has told her story to her friends and
last evening she repeated it In detail to a
Call reporter. She is at present employed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FATHER
AND
THREE SONS
CURED OF
ITGHINGRASH
I take pleasure in letting yon know how
much < rncußA Remedies have done for me,
my father and two brothers. In the fall of
•96,1 began to be afflicted with an itching rash
nnder my chin. It kept spreading until it
was all over my body. I could not sleep but
was compelled to lie awake and scratch all
the time. My father and two brothers were
afflicted with the same thing.at the same time.
We all suffered terribly fora year and a half,
trying in the meantime all the remedies we
could find, but received no benefit. I hap-
pened to see Cctiocra Remedies advertised
and how they had cured others from itching
skin diseases, and we thought we would try
them. I bought three cakes of Ccticura
Soap and three boxes of Ccticura (ointment)
and they cured the four of its completely.
Any person doubting the truth of this state-
ment can write me. RICHARD ANDERSON,
Feb. 22, '98. Geneva, Box Elder Co., Utah.
ECZEMA FOR YEARS CURED BY CUTICURA
I harl an attack of Eczema several years ago
and found myself in the clutches of a monster
whose business it was to torture me and make
life miserable. Cuticcra Remedies were
recommended to me by my druggist, Mr. T.
P. Van Winkle of Hartford City, Ind. I used
altogether three bottles of Cuticuba Resol-
vent, with frequent baths with Cctici'ba
Boap, and the use of the CuncußA(ointment),
and in four month* found myself cured.
Feb. 23, 1898. DAVID COLE, Roll, Ind.
BPIIDT Cr»« TRf ATMEST FOB TOET'RISO. DlSflO-
raiso Hctmors. — Warm baths with Cpticcra Soap,
f«ntle anointing* with CCTict'iu [ointment), purest or
emollient skin cures, and mild doses of C'iticcba Re-
•olviht, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures.
Sold Ihroorhont the world. Potter Dhiq aitd Chim.
Corp., Sole Props.. Bottoc.
•f— How to Cttr* Torturing Skla Dlmuci," ira.
as a nurse girl in one of the wealthiest
families in North Oakland.
"I was introduced to Brandes some
months ago by a friend," said Miss Oli
ver. "He made himself very agreeable
and evidently strove to make a good im
pression on me. When he dresses well
he is not a badly appearing man. and mv
friend fully believed that he was an un
married man.
MISS EMMA OLIVER, the Youog Wonjan to -Whom
Brandes Paid Atter>tion and to Whom lie Repre
sented Himself as a Bachelor.
"He told me his name was Ralph, and
one day I noticed on his star the name
'W. A. Brandes. 1 I asked him who that
was and he said it was the other Brandes.
I was not satisfied and told my mother of
my suspicions, and she said that it would
perhaps be as well if I had nothing more
to do with him. I again asked him if he
were not married and he said no, and
swore positively that he was single.
"On one occasion when he was taking
something out of his pocket an envelope
fell to the ground. I pirke.d it up and
saw on it these words. 'Have pone to call
on Mrs. , your wife.' I told him that
I considered that proof that he was not
telling me the truth, but he told me the
envelope, belonged to his brother and that
it was his wife who had written on it. I
allowed myself to be convinced and con
tinued our friendship. My uncle is Town
Marshal of Pleasanton, and he said he
had heard some very unpleasant things
about Brandes of Berkeley, but wl
told Ralph about It he said It was not h*
but his married brother. Brandes Old do
always like to come to the house when
was at home, so he would stay outside
and whistle In a peculiar manner.
"On the Saturday on which Lillian
Brandes died he came outside our house
in the evening and I heard his peculiar
whistle. I went out to him and saw a
once that he was greatly excited. He
was trembling from head to foot. When
he shook hands I drew back with a start.
He asked me why I did so. I did not
reply for a minute. I had grasped a
hand of ice. It was cold as death, and
clammy. I asked him what ailed him,
and he began to cry like a child and
said there had been a death in his I
brother's family. Then he became so in
tensely dramatic that I was forced to
laugh at him.
"But even after his arrest he attempted
to keen up his deception and to lead me.
tg believe that he was a single man.
He wrote me a letter intended to throw
me off the right track. He said that he
could not call on me for some time, as
he had found It necessary to go East.
His brother, he said, had gotten into very
serious trouble and he was going East
to raise money to help him out. He said
he would be gone some months. He also
fave me some advice about marrying
le told me not to marry a Spaniard or
a waiter, as they were not good enough
for me. He advised me to marry some
one with a good steady position, for I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1898.
deserved a good man. He signed the let
ter, 'Yours truly, William Ralph.'
He did not propose marriage to me,
because I did not encourage him, but he
was always impressing on me the fact
that he was single, and I suppose he
would have talked of marriage in time.
\Yhen I learned the truth I could not
help saying to myself, 'perhaps he might
nave killed me, too.' Ido not want to
hear any more of him, and am very glad
that our acquaintance got no further than
it did."
MBS. BRANDES CHEEBFT7L.
Accused Murderess Blossoms Out in
New Attire and Her Demeanor
Changed.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— Recent miscar
riages of justice, with an attending hope
of eventual freedom, have apparently had
a decided cheerful effect upon Mrs.
Etta Brandes, who, together with her
alleged husband, is charged with murder
ing their 13-year-old daughter Lillian.
Mrs. Brandes' preliminary hearing was
to have commenced in Justice Olift's
court at 2 o'clock this afternoon, but
owing to the protracted illness of Dep
uty District Attorney Harry Melvin, who
Will have charge of the prosecution, the
I matter went over until Tuesday of next
week.
The accused woman, who has hereto
fore appeared in deep mourning and most
sorrowful countenance, has suddenly ap
peared in an entirely new outfit and
cheerfulness. To-day she was gowned in
a neat-fitting dress of the latest winter
pattern, a light Melton jacket and a white
fedora hat. As Jailer Lane released Airs.
Brandes from the prison corridor to the
outer room. Constable "Weidler was en
gaged for a few moments in the main
office, and the prisoner waited impatient
ly. Finally when Weidler took charge of
her she- remarked most jocularly. "Pshaw,
I thought you were going to let mo walk
• to the courtroom all alone."
In the courtroom she smiled, even
laughed audibly, chatting merrily with
a woman companion, and her entire de
meanor has changed most remarkably.
Christmas Presents.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. mako a special
holiday display this week of articles suit
able for Christmas presen is— toilet sets,
toilet articles, fine leather goods, pictures,
frames, stationery novelties, Bohemian
glass ware, wave crest ware, small stat
uary, etc. This la the most attractive
display of moderate priced goods ever
made in San Francisco. The store's dec
orations alone at Sanborn & Vail's are
well worth seeing, as there is nothing
like them in the city. •
Pheasants From China.
The experiment of introducing Mongo
lian pheasants into this State has proved
such a success that the Fish and Game
Commissioners have decided to enlarge
upon the work undertaken and to this
end they sent to F. H. Haskell. the com
mission's agent at Shanghai. China, for a
j lot of birds. The first lot of forty arrived
! the Other day on the steamer Gaelic. The
strangers will !>.• placed in the San Joa
quin valley and Humboldt and Sonoma
j counties. The commission believe? that
wh« j re those from Oregon have done so
j well in these localities the new arrivals
will also thrive there.
Police Pension Decisiom.
Joseph Maguire was a policeman, and
wh^n he died th.> administrator of his
estate brought suit against the old Police
Life and Health Insurance Board for
$1000 claimed to be due the estate. The
lower court decided against the estate
and the case was appealed to the Su
preme Court. The Supreme Court af
firmed the decision of the lower court,
holding that Maguire was appointed to
the force before the passage of the act
of ISS9 creating the Police Relief, Health
Insurance and Pension Board. In ac
cepting his position he did so with the
full understanding that the Legislature
had full power to amend the law regula
ting his compensation. This means that
Maguire was appointed while the old
board wm in force, and It was that board
the administrator sued. The act creating
the new board also authorized the old
board to turn its funds over to the more
recent board. Hence there were no funds
at the disposal of the old board, and while
it is not said in so many words the infer
ence is that a suit should have been
brought against the more recent organiza
tion.
Baldwin Fire.
The stock of watches and Jewelry saved
from thft Baldwin fire by the Kimberly
Gem and Watch House must be closed
out this week, regardless of value. 123
Kearny street J
THE YOUTHS' DIRECTORY.
Issue of the Quarterly Report for the
Period Ending December 1, 18L>8.
From the report of the Youths' Direc
iST/ f °V. he (| arter nd l ng: December 1,
1898. Just issued, it will be seen that 131
boys were received from all sources into
that excellent institution. There were
disposed of 82. ■ leaving: in the director^ 49
boys ' Se ™nty-two found homes in dif
ferent orphan asylums, nine in families
one was enlisted by DirWor D. O Crow
navy. 8 *" apprentlce ln the United States
rn^?t II n repo ? t;t ;^ dea i? wlth the flourishing
condition of the directory and the sue.
cess with which it has been managed
£r g d^ cla s °} b oys has com e to Its s^el
ter, and all of the little fellows disposed
of have found excellent homes. SiJOS>ea
iA. c .'"stltution receives no : aid from
e us h tain!rl State ° r the dtyMdto *
Senator Jones ~i.ere.
T'nited States Senator Jones of Nevada
rnSiTrVJI t « e c ty r yesterday morning
and is at the Pacific Union Club. He-spent
the greater part of the day in the lobby
of the Palace with friends. • Senator
Jones is in the city on private business
and will be here about a week. He says
tnat when Congress convenes after the
the holidays the ratification of the
treaty of peace will be the first question
considered, and that after that is dis
posed of he is of the opinion that the
question of the annexation of the Phllin
pines will be next considered. ;.
HERRIN ISSUES PASSES
AT BURNS' REQUEST
Assemblyman A. H. Merrill of San Francisco
Was the Man Who Received
Them.
The Legislator Confesses to Having " Tied Dp " His Vote
| for Senator by Reason of the Favors He
Received in the Way of
Transportation.
If there is a man in the State of Cali
fornia who still doubts . that Colonel
Dan Burns Is a candidate' for United
States Senator and that his candidacy
is receiving the active support of the
Southern Pacific Company's political
agents, let him read the story that fol
lows and be convinced. In the reading
of it the doubter may gain, an insight
into the character of at least one of the
men who will represent San Francisco
in the Assembly at the coming session
of the Legislature, , as well. as to the
means that are being used > by : W. :F.
Herrin and Colonel Burns to secure the
votes of legislators. ■
The story itself needs no preface. It
is a simple tale of official debauchery,
the details of which been brought
to light through' the clever work of a
newspaper reporter. / ' ". ' •-.- ., ,* ~*
On the evening of December 11 Frank
A. Turner, a plumber, and his wife
left this city as .... passengers of the
Southern Pacific overland train. Their
destination was New York City. Their
tickets called for transportation from
San Francisco to New Orleans over the
Southern Pacific Company's lines and
from there to New York over the lines
of the Piedmont system. . " '"..
~. .1 ■ ■;.. ■'-•.':■--■ ,-./■' -''-■; yy r :"?■'■■ >• . V;,V.?-
Thewe ticket* were tinned to Tur
ner and Ms wife at the request of
W. F. Herrin. The only conriidera
tlon received by the railroad com
pany In retnrn for the ticket* was
the nNHiiriince thnt one Snn Frnn
' clbco Anftcmhlyman would vote for
D. M. Bnrna for United State* Sena
tor. The luirnpln for the vote was
made by D. .M. Hnrnn and the \-s«-ni
blyman In quentlon, as will be
I shown an the story progresses. The
payment of the consideration wan
made by \V. F. Herrin at the expense
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Frank A. Turner and his wife came
to this city from New York about six
months ago. He engaged in the busi
ness of journeyman plumber and for
a time was employed by William F.
Wilson & Co. He lived at 242
Post street. During the last two or
three months of his st«y here he was
unable to secure steady employment,
and as he had no resources, he declar
ed his determination to ; return to his
former home in New York. As he had
no money with which to purchase tick
ets for himself and wife he was forced
to have recourse to . methods with
which he had become familiar in the
East, where he served one term as
Assemblyman from Erie County.
During the recent campaign Turner
E. D. McCABE IS
THE LUCKY MAN
Governor Budd Appoints His Former
Private Secretary a Building and
Loan Commissioner.
f~*\ OVERNOR BUDD'S appointment of his former secretary, E. D. McCabe,
( as a member of the Building and Loan Commission, which was announced
IT yesterday, is one of the most popular acts of his administration and one
*-** that is certain to give general satisfaction in his own party as well as
among the many friends of Mr. McCabe of other political faiths. They be
lieve he has earned the honor and his friends are confident he will acquit
himself with credit in his new position.
Mr. McCabe was born in Tuolumne County, April 18, 1859. In 1867 his
parents removed to Stanislaus County and young McCabe spent his boyhood
on a ranch. In ISBO he was graduated from University Mound College, in
South San Francisco, and in the following year was appointed Under Sheriff
of Stanislaus County, which position he held for several years. With the
money he had saved while in the Sheriff's office he came to San Francisco
and entered Hastings Law College, from which Institution he was graduated
in 1884. Returning home he was soon after elected clerk of Stanislaus County
and' served one term. He refused to seek a renomination and shortly after
ward removed to Merced, where he formed a law partnership with Hon F
H. Gould, ex-Speaker of the Assembly and at present a member of the Build
ing and Loan Commission. This partnership continued until he was made
executive secretary of Governor Budd In 1895. Upon the retirement of E L
Colnon, the Governor's private secretary. Mr. McCabe succeeded to the po^
sltion, which he held until he was appointed State Librarian, from which
position he was deposed by the Republican trustees a few months ago Since
that time Mr. McCabe has been practicing law in Sacramento. His term as
.Building and Loan Commissioner will expire in four years.
became acquainted with A. H. Merrill,
an insurance solicitor, who was a can
didate for Assemblyman on the Repub
lican ticket from the Thirty-sixth As
sembly district. The acquaintance
ripened into intimacy, and when the
contest at the polls resulted in Mer
rill's election Turner celebrated the
event in becoming fa-shion.
Shortly before Turner's departure for
the East he formed the acquaintance
of a member of the Chronicle's repor
torial staff who, for purposes that will
become apparent, concealed his real
identity under the assumed name of
James Goff. The supposed Goff posed
as a young Philadelphian who was
homesick and without funds. He be
came so friendly with Turner that he
accompanied that gentleman as far as
Port Costa when Tuner and his wife
started tm their trip to New York. All
that passed between the supposed Goff
and Turner during their last inter
view was witnessed by another report
er, whose presence was unsuspected by
the communicative Turner.
The reporter, who shall be known in
this tale as Mr. Goff, expressed a desire
to go home to Philadelphia, but con
fessed to a lack of funds with which
to purchase railroad tickets.
"You can get around that easily
enough," said Turner. "Look at my
wife and myself. We had just $14 be
tween us and not another cent in the
world. But just the same we have two
through tickets to New York."
In proof of his assertion Tuyier dis
played the tickets. They were regular
in form and were signed "G. W. Fletch
er, per A. H. A." After having shown
the evidences of his own good fortune
Turner became confidential.
"I will tell you how I did it and you
can go and do the same thing," he
said. "I went to Assemblyman A. H.
Merrill and told him what I wanted and
he took me down to see Dan Burns.
Merrill told Burns what he wanted and
Burns sent us over to see Bert Worth
ington, who is a confidential clerk in
the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company. "Wort v >in° r ton sent us to see
H. E. Huntington.
"It began to look as If we were go
ing to be kissed off all around, for
Huntington mumbled something about
not wanting the political department
of the railroad mixed up in his end of
the business. He finally told us to go
back to Burns and get him to give us
a note to Herrin.
""We went back to see Burns again
and he pulled Merrill off to one side and
they had a little private conversation
that I could not hear. Affer they had
fixed it up Merrill and I went to see
Herrin. When Herrin got the mes
sage that Merrill gave him he told us
to sit down and wait a few minutes.
We did so and pretty soon a clerk came
in and handed Herrin an envelope,
which he handed to Merrill. When we
got outside Merrill gave me the en
velope and in it were the tickets to
New York for myself and wife. I felt
pretty good about it and told Merrill
so.
"He told me not to mention it, an
he had the Southern Pacific Com
pany where he wanted it. I axkrd
him what he save in exchange for
the tickets, and he said that that
irai a matter between himself and
hi* maker. I asked him which
maker, and he Raid he guessed it
was his political maker."
Just before the train bearing Goff
and Turner reached Port Costa Turner
gave Goff the following note addressed
to Merrill:
A. H. Merrill, Esq.— Dear Friend:
This will introduce Mr. J. Goff, a friend
of mine from Philadelphia. If you can
fix him with a pass do so. Here is an
other chance for you to show your
fighting qualities. Yours,
F. A. TURNER.
Two days later this letter of introduc
tion and recommendation was present
ed to Mr. Merrill in person by Mr. Goff.
After reading it Merrill said:
"Turner is a good fellow, but I am
afraid I have done all I can. I had a
hard pull to get tickets for him and I
don't want to go at them again so
soon. I can't go direct to the railroad.
I tried it last time and got turned down.
Huntington fired me back on Burns.
"You nee," continued Merrill,
"Bnrnn In doing; all of the political
end of the free paNK bunlnenH now.
I think it Ti-ill be hard for me to Rit
more pamieH ion. Yon nee, I tied up
my vote for Senator on the flrwt
proposition, and they don't need to
so ont of their way to favor me
iiKiiln just now."
Merrill then asked if Goff knew any
of the "boys" in the Thirty-sixth dis
trict. Upon receiving an affirmative re
ply he said:
"Get them to go to Senator Burnett;
he can help you out In a minute. Men
tion my name. Tell him it is dead easy
and if he wants to know how to work
it tell him to telephone me and I win
put him on. All you've got to do is to
be a good fellow to Burns.
"Hold on a minute, though. Perhaps
it will be better If you do not mention
my name. You can say a Republican
Assemblyman told you about it. Oh,
well; I don't know; mention my name
anyway; If Burnett don't feel right
about it any other Assemblyman or
Senator can work it for you. You see,
it is probable that several of them have
not worked the pass business yet. They
can get in in a minute if they feel like
going up against it.
"You tell them that there is one thing
sure and that is that it is Burns they
will have to go to first or the Southern
Pacific people won't listen."
Later in the day Goff went back to
Merrill and told him that the "boys"
said he (Merrill) could get more trans
portation if he cared to ask for it.
Merrill, however, refused to "go up
against it," as he expressed it and there
the conversation ended.
TO BRING ROSSEB BACK.
The Grand Jury Will Examine Into
the Shooting at Young Walsh.
The Grand Jury will be asked to in
quire into the shooting at Willie Walsh
by the "dazed" and drunken Walter Kos
ser, who was recently acquitted of tne
murder of Henry Hildebrand in the
Spreckels Market. At the time that Ros
! ser shot and killed Hildebrand he fired a
shot at young Walsh. It is for this of
fense that the Grand Jury will try to in
dict him.
Should he be indicted a requisition will
be asked for his return to this city to
stand trial. A conviction on the charge
of shooting with intent to commit mur
der is punishable witr^ twenty years in
State prison.
Chief of Police Lees will collect all the
evidence at his disposal and submit it to
the Jury as soon as possible, in order tfcat
the young man with a predilection for
drugs may be brought back to this city
and made to pay at least part of tne
price of his bloodshed. The police author
ities say that had they thought for one
moment that the District Attorney's of
fice would have made guch a weak
prosecution of the murder, a sec
ond charge of assauTt to murder
would have been lodged against Rosser
That precaution was not taken for tne
reason that it was never dreamed by the
police that an acquittal would result on
the more serious charge.
A Woman's Christmas Gift.
A gift intended for a lady is often
very puzzling for a woman and always
to a man. To a woman's fancy nothing
could more sweetly express the senti
ment of Christmas giving than the ex
quisite little boudoir clocks at Nathan,
Dohrmann & Co.'s. They are very
dainty and ornamental, as well as use
ful, in bronze and gilt, and are marked
at prices from $2 to $10.
A Miners' Committee.
President Neff of the California Min
ers' Association yesterday appointed the
following gentlemen to act on a commit
tee for the conservation of waters: Hon
J. M. Gleaves, chairman: Hon. Charles
N. Felton, Hon. E. C. Voorheis, Curtis H
Llndley, J. M. Walling, Mark B. Kerr
and E. H. Barton.
The
of the Regina are wonderful. To a
great extent they have helped to make
Regina
... the favorite of the
music loving public. The Regina plays
perfectly, music of every class, render-
ing every piece, with its true character-
istics. It is suggestive of Christmas
giving. Prices $7 to $300
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Kearny and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
ADVZ3BTISEMENTS.
IwoFbroT
Kearny and Post
A gift for a
swell young
man f
Combination cane and. pure silk
umbrella, $5.
Elegant.
ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
Buy your
■ J J
boys clothes
for gifts— that's
sensible
middy suits 3 to 8 years, pretty
collars, $2.50
reefer suits — 4 to 13 years,
cheviots and tweeds, $3.50
ulsters— B to 15 years, extra long,
$6.
reefers— 3 to 8 years, broad col-
sweaters — all colors and combin-
ations, $1 to $3
gloves, 75c to $1.50
bath robes $3
ties — men wear 25c to 50c
ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
Suit cases
keep your
! clothes from
wrinkling:
when you go
out of town
$5 to $27.50
Valises; grips and
bags
$3 to $24
v Umbrellas i'~
pure silk, $3 to $15
" :
I ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
Weve a lot
of good things
lv/ 1 lllv.'ll
all wool suits, blue and black
cheviots, mixed tweeds — single
and double breasted
,' 3> 10
Ir men ulsters, extra
wool suits, blue and black
iots, mixed tweeds — single
double breasted
ac chinchilla ulsters, extra
long, muff pockets
$7-5O
Black cheviot overcoats, all wool,
good
. /»7-5Q
loking jackets, blue, brown
and gray flannel with silk cord
trimming
Bath robes of Turkish toweling,—
various colors
Full dress suits
$32.50 to $50
Tuxedo suits
$30 to $45
Mackintoshes
Fine overcoats made by Brokaw
Bros, and Rogers, Peet & Co. New
York
$22.50 to $55
Sack suits by same makers $18
to $35
DR.M9NULTY.
q^HIS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABnEOLD ,
JL Specialist cure* Private. Xervous, anil Blood l)ls- /
eases o/ Men only. . Book on Private Diseases and '
Weaknesses of -Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hoursß
to3dally:e.3otoB:3o ev'gs. Suncliirp. 10 to 12. Consul,
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrew
, P. ItOSCOE aieXUIiTYV M. D.
20U Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL