SECOND EDITION
VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 150.
DEWEY SAID TO HAVE REPORTED
A LOSS OF FIFTY MEN KILLED
AND ONE HUNDRED WOUNDED
The City of Peking, Which Is to Carry the Supplies to Manila, and the Cruiser Charleston.
DEWEY'S DISPATCH-BOAT, HUGH McCULLOCH.
STEAMER CITY OF PEKING
CHARTERED BY GOVERNMENT
TO TAKE OUT SUPPLIES
Uncle Sam May or May Not Send Some of His
Boys in Blue to the Philippines
on the Same Boat.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Anticipating
early communication with Commo
dore Dewey, commander-in-chief of
the Asiatic squadron, Secretary Long
sent to Hon^-.-iong to-day a long
cablegram containing instructions
for the future guidance of the Ameri
can naval officer.
This message, it is believed, related
to the plans made by this Government
for the immediate dispatching of
troops to Dewey's assistance should
he deem such action necessary. Ap
preciating that a considerable amount
of the ammunition of the American
vessels has been expended, Secretary
Long has directed that a large quan
tity of shot and powder be sent to
Manila in n steamer which will at
once be chartered by the Government.
Furthermore, the department entered
into arrangements for chartering the
Peking, which will be placed under
the command of n naval officer, and
with surgeons and medical supplies
on board will be sent to Manila,
where the wounded and sick will be
taken on board and transported back
to Mare Island, where they will re
ceive treatment.
It was to inform Commodore Dewey
of these arrangements it is under
stood that the cablegram was pre
pared and sent to Hongkong. At that
point it is expected it will be de
livered to the Consular representa
tive of this Government, who will
hand it to the commanding officer of
dispatch-boat bringing to Hongkong
dispatches from the scene of the late
action.
The department is very anxious to j
iearn the number of troops Commo- :
dore Dewey will need at once, that :
they may be sent to him without de- |
lay.
Information which the authorities
The San Francisco Call
! have received from Admiral F. V.
j McNair, Commodore Dewey's imme
diate predecessor in command of the
Asiatic squadron, shows that he will
be able to secure plenty of coal from
Chinese merchants, or even from
English dealers, who reside at Man
! ila. The department has also re
■ ceived offers, I understand, from
; Singapore merchants, to supply 6000
1 tons of coal to Commodore Dewey's
I squadron. Singapore is a crown col
j ony of Great Britain. Its Governor
has issued a decree of neutrality, but
there is considerable trade between
! the Straits Settlement and English
I merchants in Manila, and an order
'■ placed by the latter will result in the
delivery of coal without objection by
Great Britain. The Manila dealers
will then turn the fuel over to Com
modore Dewey.
Major-General Miles, commanding
! the army, told me to-day that plans
had been practically perfected for the
j formation of a large body of troops,
' which can be sent to Manila as soon
ns Commodore Dewey is heard from.
: According to information at the de
i partment Admiral McNair's plans,
I which were transferred to Commo
j dore Dewey, contemplated the dis
patch of 5000 troops to his aid in the
event that the squadron, while under
his command, took Manilla, but, as the
| Herald stated this morning, the ad
| ministration's plans contemplate the
dispatch of about 10,000 officers and
men to the Philippines.
Considerable apprehension is felt
in naval circles at the probability of
the massacre of Spaniards in Manila
by the insurgents, who, it is be
lieved, aided Commodore Dewey in
the capture of the city. Oppressed as
they have been by the Spaniards, of
ficers with whom I have talked said
they had no doubt as soon as they
had the chance they would attempt
retaliation.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
"Commodore Dewey," said one of
i these gentlemen, "will undoubtedly
i request the commanding officers of
j the British, German and French men
j of -war to land marines to protect the
property of their respective citizens.
So far as Manila is concerned I have
j not the slightest doubt it is in the
j possession of the American force.
Manila proper was protected by a
wall erected 300 years ago, and this
I wall was fortified by some antiquated
\ guns. Having placed Cavite under
j his guns, the rest of the work— l
j mean by this capture of the city
j will be a comparatively easy task
i and without doubt it was success
fully performed by the courageous
American flag officer."
The advice of Senator Perkins was
first sought by the Secretary of War
in considering the matter of charter
ing a troop and supply vessel to be
sent from San Francisco to Manila.
Senator Perkins submitted the fol
lowing list: The Australia, Zealan
dia, Mariposa and Alameda of the
Oceanic line, the City of Peking,
China nnd San Jose of the Pacific Mail
Company, and the Ohio, Indiana and
Pennsylvania of the Bed Star Line.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
and the Oregon Navigation Company
had vessels that might have ans
wered the purpose, but as the City
of Peking was the lowest bidder she
was chartered. The Queen and Sena
tor of the Pacific Coast were not con
sidered, as they are too small for
such service. In chartering the City
of Peking for transformation into a
hospital ship the department was in
fluenced oy its desire to remove the
American wounded from the enervat
ing climate of the Philippines. Sur
geon-General Van Beypen was in
consultation on several occasions to
day with Secretary Long, and orders
were telegraphed to Surgeon W. H.
Bush and Passed Assistant Surgeon
SPANISH SHIPS
VERY CLOSE TO
OUR COASTS.
PHILADELPHIA, May 4.—
Captain White of the Allan
steamship Turin, which arrived
to-day from Glasgow via St.
Johns and Halifax, states that
on Sunday, when off the banks
after sundown, he sighted in thje
distance a warship with a cruiser
ahead, followed by two boats,
thought to be torpedo boats.
Captain White signaled the mys
terious craft, but they made no
reply.
Captain Aarhuus r?* ■th i Ger- .
man steamship Schle'swigy' which
arrived ' j to-day ". from '■ Hayti,
v claims; to-haVe'be^iJ" pursued and
fired on 'by/ V Snanish :1 man-of- '
war off ■ Tortugas April 28 just |
after sundown. t The captain
says he not only refused to heave
to, - : but kept going ahead -under
full power, of steam with shot
after shot coming after him,, and
soon outdistanced his pursuer In
the darkness. - Shipping men con
sider the . most serious aspect of
Captain Aarhuus' report the evi
dent fact that Spanish warships
are closer .to " our coast than
seems to be " the opinion of the
naval authorities, as Captain
Aarhuus appeara confident of the
assertion that the vessel that,
pursued him a _.s a Spanish ves
sel. . ■' ' '. ■-•
C. J. Decker assigning them to the
City of Peking.
Instructions were sent to the Naval
Laboratory in New York to send to
San Francisco at once a large quan
tity of A. B. and C. hospital supplies,
KDr. Decker was instructed to se
a large quantity of medical sup
plies at Mare Island, which will be
placed aboard the steamer, and upon
her arrival at Manila will be trans
ferred to the American warships.
Kiere is some talk of sending
ps out by the City of Peking, but
probabilities are that she will
ply carry a sufficient number of
officers and bluejackets to take the
places of those who were wounded or
i killed in the engagement. I under
; stand that sufficient ammunition will
I probably be sent to the Far East to
| refill the magazines of the ships of
i Commodore Dewey's fleet.
Captain O'Neil sent telegraphic in
structions to-day to different depots
to ship powder and projectiles to
Mare Island, at which point it will
be placed aboard the freighter which
will be secured by the Government.
CATHOLICS RESENT
UNJUST CRITICISM.
BALTIMORE. May 4.— Catholics here
are indignant at what they rail an ef
fort on the part of the London Daily
Mail to place the Catholics in this
country in a false light. Cardinal Gib
bons said to-night:
"These statements of the Daily Mail
are entirely misleading. I receive the
leading Catholic paper of England, the
Tablet, in which expressions from
bishops and prominent clergy constant
ly appear. Such expressions show gen
eral sympathy with the United States.
The Irish Catholics are almost entirely
in accord with this sentiment, notwith
standing the statements contained in
the Daily Mail as cabled to this coun
try last night.
"Catholics in the I T nited States have
but one sentiment," concluded his Em
inence. "Whatever may have been
their opinions as to the expediency of
the war, now that it is on. they are
united in upholding the Government."
Camp George Dewey Formed.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D.. May 4.— Upon
taking possession of the State troops
to-day Colonel Frost immediately or
dered that the camp should be known
as George Dewey camp. Tents were
struck amid the rain and the camp
moved to a more favorable locality.
Rain has fallen every day for a week
and many of the volunteers have gone
to tH » hospital as the result of ex
posure and measles. The mustering in
of the recruits will commence tO-mOr-
THE MARBLEHEAD
CREATES A PANIC
IN A CUBAN TOWN
BOSTON, May 5.— A Washington special to the Post
dated this morning says:
Commodore Dewey's report is in Washington, is a
statement made by a naval officer of high standing, who
claims to have seen the report as it was being transcribed
from cipher into straight English.
It is dated at Manila Sunday night and cabled from
Hongkong.
It is said to show a death loss of about fifty men, with;
twice as many more or less seriously wounded.
The Concord and the Petrel, both of them small gun-,
boats, were badly damaged, particularly in their upper works,
but not so much so but that they can be repaired.
Dewey is said to have asked for a hospital ship, 2000.
men and supplies for three months.
The report, says the officer, does not go into elaborate
details. On the contrary he says that in one respect it re
sembles Grant's famous dispatches from the field, it being
very brief.
Aside from those actually wounded the Commodore re
ports that all of his officers and men suffered more or less
severely from damage to their ears from the fearful concus-.
sion of the big guns, and despite the fact they are believed ]
to have followed the usual practice of protecting the earj
drums with pads of cotton wool.
There is nothing in the report, however, to indicate that
any one was permanently damaged in this way, as was poon
McGiffin in the battle of the Yalu.
Commodore Dewey, in his report, is said to be loud in
his praise of the bravery and coolness of his men, whom hej
is quoted as saying showed as much daring as did the men:
under Farragut in Mobile Bay.
It is believed that the report has occasioned the sending of or
ders to Admiral Kirkland, commanding the Mare Island yard, to send
whatever relief may be necessary at once.
It is believed here Vnat this report is authentic, Secretary Long's,
relations with the Post being of the most intimate character.
CIENFUEGOS IS SHELLED BY A CRUISER.
NEW YORK, May 4.— A special to the press from Key
West says: Cienfuegos has been bombarded. Not only did
the Marblehead silence the batteries of the town on the aft
ernoon of April 29, but shelled the town itself, playing havoc
with the buildings and driving thousands of the inhabitants
to the interior.
The shooting at the forts was at 4000 yards. As soon
as the forts were disabled Captain McCalla ordered that the
5-inch guns be given an elevation to reach 8000 yards.
4:15 A. M.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
MOBILIZING WESTERN TROOPS IN SAN FRANCISCO
SIX THOUSAND MEN
TO ASSEMBLE HERE
War Operations on the Pacific to Have a
Base in This Cits, Whence Soldiers
and Munitions Can Readily Be
Sent to the Front.
It is obvious now, in the
light of Commodore Dewey's
superb triumph at Manila, that
San Francisco will at once be
come the base of important
military and naval operations.
Before many days six thousand
armed men will be encamped
on the Presidio reservation.
It transpires that orders were
issued yesterday directing the
Fourteenth United States In
fantry, now stationed in the
Department of the Columbia,
to take station immediately at
San Francisco. It is believed
that further orders will be pro
mulgated to assemble all the
organizations of the Fourth
United States Cavalry at the
Presidio.
Orders were received yester
day from Major General H. C.
Merriam, commanding the De
partments of California and
the Columbia, instructing
Colonel Louis T. Morris, com
manding the post at the Pre
sidio, to select locations for the
encampment of six thousand
volunteer troops from the
States of Oregon, Washington
and California.
Colonel Morris will go over
the available gTound on the
reservation to-day and have all
camp locations properly staked
so that there may be no con
fusion when the troops arrive
upon the ground. So far the
most suitable places pointed
out are located on the more
elevated portions of the reser
vation, to which, however,
water will have to be brought,
either by piping or by water
carts. The fiat on which the
target range is located has also
been suggested as being de
sirable on account of the supply
of water furnished by a flow
ing artesian well conveniently
at hand. About five hundred
men, it is said, can be cared for
on Angel Island.
It is the opinion of Colonel
Morris that some of the men
manning ths batteries of heavy
artillery here will be sent to
Manila to man light batteries
and that their places will be
filled from among the Califor
nia volunteers recently enlisted
and about to be mustered into
the service of the United
States.
General orders from the War Depart
ment received by Colonel Morris indi
cate that Captain James Parker of the
Fourth Cavalry, at present instructor
of cavalry at West Point, has been de
tailed for duty in connection with the
mustering in of the volunteers fur
MAJOR THOMAS H. BARRY, U. S. A.
Adjutant-General Department of Columbia and Chief of
Staff of Major-General Merriam.
nished by the State of New York, called
out by the President's proclamation.
Major Edward Field, acting adjutant
general of the Department of Califor
nia, and Captain Carrington, U. S. A.,
mustering officer, exchanged views last
evening concerning the encampment
and equipment of the newly mustered
in volunteers from this State. The
difficulty of supplying the camp of the
volunteers on the Presidio reservation
with water may be overcome by an ex
tension of the pipes of the Spring Val
ley "Water Works. A temporary con
tract for the subsistence of the volun
teers In the armory of the First In
*«-ntry was made yesterday. The troops
may go to the reservation next Satur
day.
There was quite a correspondence
over the wires yesterday between
Major-General Merriam and Major
Field respecting the equipment of the
volunteers with rifles of approved pat
tern and the issue of ammunition to
the troops. An inventory of all the
clothing and military supplies availa
ble in the San Francisco depot was
taken.
Major-General Merrlam, accompan
ied by Major Thomas H. Barry, adju
tant-general of the Department of the
Columbia, may leave Vancouver Bar
racks to-day en route to this city. No
doubt the headquarters of the major
general will be transferred to this city,
in view of the important work to be
done here in the way of organizing the
volunteer forces recently called into
the field. It was said at army head
quarters yesterday that the appoint
ment of Merriam to the rank of major
general indicated that there would be
at least three brigades mobilized here,
and consequently there would be com
mands for three brigadier-generals. In
the regular army it is the impression
that the first column for Manila will
consist of regular troops and that the
volunteers will remain here to garrison
the harbor farts.
Three companies of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry are stationed
in Alaska and may remain there until
relieved by volunteers. Seven compan
ies at Vancouver Barracks will doubt
less leave there immediately for the
Presidio of San Francisco. These or
ganizations are: Company B, Captain
Richard T. Yeatman; Company C, Cap
tain William B. Reynolds; Company
D, Captain William W. McCammon;
CVmpany E, Captain Frank Taylor;
Company F, Captain John Murphy;
Company I, Captain John C. F. Tilson,
and Company X, Captain Leon A.
Matile.
Colonel Thomas M. Anderson of the
Fourteenth has been promoted briga
dier-general. Field officers of the
Fourteenth Infantry are: Lieutenant-
Colonel George B. Russell, Major
Charles F. Robe; First Lieutenant
Henry P. McCain, adjutant; First
Lieutenant Charles H. Martin, quar
termaster, and Major John Van R.
Hoff, surgeon.
Lieutenant Boyd, recruiting officer at
the Presidio, received thirty applica
tions for enlistment in the several
branches of the army yesterday. A ma
jority of the applicants are men who
have served in the past and express a
desire to re-enlist in their old regiments
now stationed in the East. Immedi
ately after having passed a medical ex
amination their names will be forward
ed to the War Department at Washing
ton, and upon instructions from the
Secretary of War transportation will oe
furnished and the men forwarded to
the different regiments in which they
desire to serve.
Captain Thomas Maclay, First Lieu
tenant A. H. Cassidy, Second Lieuten
ant E. R. McDowell and Second Lieu
tenant Joseph A. Brown, all of the
Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, were exam
ined by the regular examining board
of the National Guard at the Califor
nia Hotel Tuesday night. The officers
have only been recently re-elected. The
examining boajrd was composed of Ma
jor Hayes. Colonel Smith and Captain
Filmer of the N. G. C.
MILES AND MOSBY.
Colonel John S. Mosby wants to rally
'round the old flag and Major-General
Miles wants him to rally, but impediment
in the form of Congressional influence
prevent the colonel's advance upon the
Spanish works. The situation is thus
concisely explained by two military chief
tains:
"WASHINGTON. D. C , May 4.
"Colonel John S. Mosby, San Francisco,
CaJ.; I would be very glad to have your
services, but think it will require some in
fluence. Suggest that you communicate
with your Senators.
"NELSON A. MILES,
"Major-General commanding."
"SAN FRANCISCO, May 4, 1898.
"General Nelson A Miles, United States
Army, Washington, D. C; Your tele
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
gram received. I have no Influence ex
cept my military record.^ & „
CALIFORNIA
VOLUNTEERS.
Eight Companies to Be
Taken From the Third
Brigade, N. G. C.
The celerity of movement at headquar
ters of the State troops yesterday was
gratifying. The National Guard machin
ery, now in motion, is working all right.
The Governor has had many anxious
days and nights In getting affairs in
shape. Adjutant-General Barrett was
also delighted with the progress made
BRIGADIER-GENERAL THOMAS M. ANDERSON.
The Man Who Will Lead the California Troops to Aid
Commodore Dewey in Manila.
Brigadier General Thomas M. Anrt^rsnr. who rvom .nnpnintod nr>d
confirmed to that rank from coloi el yesterday, will be placed In com
mand of the troops that are now uMbciiionu ■•■ vi b^u r luneisiu, axid
it is believed he will lead the forces that will be sent to Manila from this
port to assist Commodore Dewey in preserving order in the Philip
pines.
Brigadier General Anderson is now in Alaska in command of the
United States troops that were sent there last fall to prevent threat
ened riots along the trails that led to the Klondike gold fields. His
headquarters are at Skaguay.
General Anderson is in his sixty-third year. He started in a sol
dier's life as a private during the Civil War with the Ohio Volunteer
Infantry. Before the year was half out he was promoted to. a cap
taincy. He served with distinction during the Civil War and was
breveted for gallant service in the battle of the Wilderness and also in
the battle of Spottsylvania. He was mado lieutenant colonel of the
Ninth Infantry in 1879, and in ISB6 he was placed in command of the
Fourteenth Infantry, with rank of colonel. The headquarters of his
regiment is at present at Vancouver barracks, Wash.
during the last forty-eight hours. Order
and system have been evolved out of
what appeared for several days to be a
mass of confusion. Mustering in of the j
First Volunteer Regiment of Infantry ,
went forward in good style yesterday.
Simultaneously the work at headquarters
in bringing forward the Seventh Infantry
Regiment from Southern California went j
along smoothly. The adjutant-general
conducted the "negotiations for the trans
portation without delay. The troops will
leave Los Angeles and other points to- j
morrow and arrive here Saturday morn- |
ing. The train, consisting of thirty-six
passenger coaches, one Pullman coach and
three freight cars, will be moved over the
road in four sections. The Southern Pa
cific charges the regular price for trans
porting Government troops. The State
bears the expense, but will be reimbursed
for the outlay by the United States.
Governor Budd has now a difficult task
to deal with. Under the call of the Pres
ident he cannot give all the guardsmen
who want to go to the front an opportu
nity to enter the service of the United
States as volunteers from California.
Speaking on this topic yesterday he said:
"I have taken from the Second Brigade
one regiment and pre*<.-rvi-«l the regimen
tal organization, t cannot well take any
other troop* from this brigade. I have !
taken the Seventh Infantry Regiment,
Whioh constitutes the First Brigade, thus '
keeping that regiment intact as an organi
zation. The President will not authorize I
me to organize the remaining two battal- !
ions under the call into another regiment
of infantry, therefore I can only order
out eight more companies to be mustered
m as volunteers. It seems fair to take
these companies from the Second and
Sixth Regiments of ,the Third Brigade.
Two companies might be taken from the
Fifth Infantry, the organizations which
are located at San Jose, Oakland, Peta
luraa, Santa Rosa, San Rafael and Ala
meda, but it must be considered that
twelve companies have already been
taken from the brigade to which the Fifth
Infantry belongs. In my Judgment the
Fifth should be kept as a compact regi
mental organization to meet another call
for volunteers, and I believe that Colonel
Fairbanks does not desire that the regi
mental organization should be broken by
r taking from it two companies and leav- !
Ing the others out. I would like to take
a regiment from the Third Brigade and
give all the ortranieations of the San
Joaquin and Sacramento Valleys an op
portunity to enter the United States serv
ice, but under the call I am restricted to
eight companies or two battalions. Two
companies of infantry' may be taken from
Sacramento, two from Stockton, one com
pany from Grass Valley, one company
from Visalia, one from Bakersfield and
one from Fresno. Sacramento will also
supply one battery of heavy artillery "
Concerning the equipment of troops the
Governor said: "The uniforms now in the
possession of the troops will be taken by
the United States at the appraised value
of the clothing and the money received
will be expended in clothing the men re
cruited to fill the vacancies in the Nation
al Guard caused by the transfer of regi
ments from the State to the United States
service. The guard will then be In condi
tion to respond to another call from the
Government."
In exercising his prerogative of com
missioning regimental officers Governor
Budd said that he would commission j
James F. Smith colonel of the First Call- I
fornia Regiment of United States Volun- j
teer Infantry, and that John R. Berry
would be commissioned colonel of the
other infantry regiment of volunteers. It
was further announced that Frank Rice,
U. S. A., retired, would be commissioned !
major to command the four batteries of i
heavy artillery volunteers from this State,
Lieutenant Colonel Geary. N. G. C, re
tired, has been ordered to report to Major
Rice for duty as battalion adjutant of
the artillery.
Yesterday Captain Carrington received
the following telegram from the adjutant
general of the United States army.
"WASHINGTON, May 4, 1898.
"Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S. A., j
San Francisco: Under the law regiments !
must have not less than ten nor more j
than twelve companies; maximum, 84 offl- 1
cers and men; minimum, 80. Under this
you cannot accept 100 men per company.
"H. C. CORBIN. Adjutant General."
Lieutenant Babbitt, U. S. A., who is in
charge of the ordnance at the Presidio,
has notified the Governor that ho has
been seriously interfered with in his tar
get practice off Fort Point by fishermen,
who will insist on getting within range
of the guns. The firing is in the direction
of One Mile Rock, and a red flag has been
placed upon the rock to warn the fisher
men, but they have paid no attention to
it. A signal of warning has been shown
from Fort Point, and no attention has
been paid to it. The lieutenant does not
intend to give those who Insist upon tres
passing further notice, so that if fisher
men get in range of the guns they will
have to take the consequences.
Mayor Land of Sacramento, accompa
nied by State Senator Doty, Assembly
man Simms and President Lindley of the
Chamber of Commerce, called upon the
Governor at headquarters yesterday as a
delegation to request that the Third
Brigade lie called into service at once.
The Governor promised that the Third
j should be remembered, and that some of
| the companies composing it should be
1 utilized to form the heavy artillery bat
teries that are now being formed.
Judge H. D. Talcott of Oakland, who.
during the recent Civil War, waa adju
; tant of tho One Hundred and Tenth New
i York Regiment of Volunteers, and who
later served upon the staff of General W.
H. Emory, was at headquarters yester
day to tender his services. He presented
a letter that he had received from Secre
tary Alger, stating that his application
had been received and placed upon the
persona] file of the Secretary, and that
he would be given a commission if pos
sible.
The Governor did not arrive at head
quarters until after 2 o'clock in the after-
LEADERS OF COMPANY H, FIRST REGIMENT
First Lieutenant E. F. Davis, Captain F. W. Warren and Second Lieutenant
T. P. O'Brien, Whose Company Will Be Mustered Into Service To-Day.
noon, having spent the earlier hours of
the morning: at the First Regiment ar
mory, where the soldiers were being mus
tered into the United States service. He
was kept busy receiving callers who
wanted to see him in regard to commis
sions for thomseives or their friends,
add California volunteers
The following order was sent last night
to all of the men who have volunteered
for the heavy artillery:
"Report at armory, corner Page and
Gough streets, Friday morning, May 6,
! 1893, at 8 a. m., for the purpose of being
i mustered into the volunteer service of the
United States. FRANK S. RICE,
"Major and Inspector Third Brigade, in
charge."
One troop of the artillery comes from
Los Angeles and the other from Stock
ton, and these two, with the two batter
ies recruited here m the city, form the
quota called for by the President. They
will be sworn into service to-morrow
; morning, as the First Regiment will have
I ben entirely mustered in by this evening.
Occidental Lodge No. 345, I. O. B. 8..
[has established a record of patriotism by
the adoption of this resolution:
Whereas, The Government of the United
States of America is at present engaged, in the
cause of humanity, in a war with Spain; and,
whereas, the Jewish people, of all others, have
good reason to remember the barbarity of
and to appreciate with the deepest feel
ings of gratitude the debt we owe to this, the
"promised land," to which we have been
guided by the God of Israel; and, whereas,
many of the members of Occidental Lodge No.
345, I. O. B. 8., have signified their intention
to volunteer in the armies of the United
States; now, therefore, be lfli
Resolved. That all dues and assessments
levied In this order against any member of this
lodge, while he is actually in the service of the
United States, as a soldier or sailor during said
war, shall be borne and paid out of the funds
of the lodg-e.
Lieutenant Jeremiah C. Burnett, who
retired on account of sickness from the
United States navy in May, 1596, after
twenty-five years of service, has been
called to duty by the Government and as
signed to the command of the recruiting
station In this city.
READY FOR
DUTY'S CALL.
Mustering in of the Men
of the First Infantry
Regiment.
The First Infantry Regiment is under
going the transition from State troops to
regulars, and the work is slow and un
interesting and surrounded by none of
the pomp and circumstance of a regiment
going to the front fully organized and
equipped.
It was essentially doctors' day, for upon
the say so of the corps of surgeons before
which the recruits, Btripped naked,
pranced and capered, depended the mili
tary future of the citizen soldiers. Major
McCarthy, Captain Farrel, Captain Reth
ers and Captain Rottanzi were the exam
ining officers, and they spent the hours
from half-past 11 to late at night testing
brawn and sinew and taking physical
measurements.
The order was that the troops be in
readiness for muster at 8 o'clock, and at
that time most of the men were ready,
but there were no scales upon which to
weigh them, and there had been no suit
able place fitted up as an examination
room. Three hours passed before the
necessary instruments were ready, and in
the meantime a nice point of military
regulations was argued and settled. Cap
tain Carrington deiMed that the surgeons
assigned to the regiment should be mus
tered in with the rank of first lieutenant,
for the rules of the army provide that no
surgeon can hold rank above that of first
lieutenant until he shall have served five
years. Captain Carrington maintained
that to muster the surgeons as captains
(and in the case of Dr. McCarthy as a
major) would be to jump them over five
years in a day; but he and Governor Budd
argued the point, and by the time the
scales were ready it was decided to
muster in the surgeons with the rank they
hold in the guard. As the surgeons had
declined to be mustered except under
those conditions, the final decision solved
what might have turned out a vexing
problem.
The surgeons mustered in with the First
I Regiment are: Major McCarthy, Captain
Farrel, Captain Rethers and Captain
O'Brien. Dr. Rottanzi has been on duty
with the Fifth Regiment, and was on the
examining board under detail frum head
quarters.
The first news of importance came to
the headquarters of the regiment in the
Bbape of a telegram from Washington in
forming the mustering officer that each
regiment must have twelve companies,
and each company no more than eighty
four men and officers nor les3 than eighty.
This being settled, it was decided to mus
ter in first four companies, then a major;
then four more companies and another
major, forming two battalions; and then
to muster in a lieutenant-colonel; then to
muster the remaining four companies and
over all, and lust of all, the colonel and
such staff as the regulations will allow
him. As a preliminary, however, and by
direction from "Washington, the regi
mental adjutant. Captain Alfred J. Kel
leher, and the regimental quartermaster.
Captain A. B. C. Dohrmann, were detailed
to duty on the work of muster, and so it
came to pass that those two were the
first ordered to duty as volunteers.
Then the cheery call of the bugle as
sembled the men of Company A, which
was first to pass under the medical eye.
It lined up in the big drill hall over a
hundred strong, and then in squads the
men were sent to the company room,
where they stripped, and then they
entered the presence of the examining
surgeons.
Name and age came first, married or
single, occupation and address, and then
up on the scales to be weighed by one
doctor while another took the man's
height. Some did not even get as far a.s
this, for the little men were spotted at
once, and the lame and halt as well as
the partially blind were weeded out as
soon as their defects were made apparent
by the first general glance which each
surgeon took of his subject. Then the
others were put through a rigid inspec
tion, which included the free use of a
tape line, a stethoscope, the scales and a
table of weights, a card bearing different
sized letters for testing the sight, and a
sprint and a sort of ocean beach horn
pipe to show the activity and suppleness
of each recruit.
In all there were ninety-five to go
through the ordeal, and of these all but
twenty-one were passed by the surgeons
as fitted for an active campaign.
The examination of the first company
was not finished until late in the after
noon and when it was over the company
was assembled in the drill hall and the
names of several were called, the men
stepping to the front when they heard
their names. At first the word went
round that the lucky one 3 were being
separated from those less fortunate, and
the first candidates for the line in front
came up with smiling faces; but soon it
was seen that the ones coming forth
made up the sallow, sickly element of the
ranks, and the truth began to dawn upon
tbe boyg, and they were not surprised
when they were told they were not to
serve the flag.
It came hard to some of them, and
others seemed not to mind it much, but
it was hard enough to bear the mark of
physical ,unfitness, and it was harder still
to hear their comrades in the ranks
cheering and slapping each other on the
back and gleefully planning for the
campaign. There were some good look
ing men in the line of "rejects," and per
haps there were hearts as brave as any
that will ever wear the blue; but it was
announced that in case of constitutional
infirmity the Government would be given
the benefit of the doubt, and it was some
of those "doubts" who were most anxious
to go.
There was some question as to just
what should be done with the men after
they had been mustered in, as the Gover
nment was not quite ready to care for j
them at the Presidio, and so it was de
cided to feed them in the armory in the
evening, let thc-m go home and sleep and
return to a half-past 7 breakfast in the j
armory in the morning. After this break
fast the mustering officer will be in a po
sition to know what can bo done with
them.
The mustering will be done to-day.
There were three long tables laid out
on the armory floor, and the boys sat j
down to an excellent dinner altogether
and all In high spirits, and then they
COLONEL JOHN R. BERRY.
The Commander of the Seventh Regiment, N. G. C, That
Will Be Mustered Into Service, on Saturday.
were allowed to go home— for they will
have little enough of home-going if they
get into serious trouble, and the Govern
ment can afford to be lenient for a day
a Aftefcompany A had been disposed of
the imrgeonfl wont through Company B
and then P. and they had nearly finished
Comply E when the work was atoned
for the night. Company B had » men
accepted out of 109 examined and Com
pany D had 15 rejected out of 107 exam
ined. Company E had 61 accepted out of
89 examined and there are 50 more on the
roll of the company yet to come.
Eyesight was what wrecked the hopes
of tho greater portion of those rejected.
Other ailments cut but a small l'gure
beside the defective sight, although
weight was a good second. One man was
rejected because he was short half an
inch on chest expansion and another be
cause he was a few pounds over the aver
age weight for his size, although he
weighed over 200 pounds and was a mag
nificent specimen of manhood. He begged
for time to get down to weight by any
process which the doctors might suggest,
but his ph-adings were in vain.
Major McCarthy, the senior surgeon of
the board, said the men as a whole were
a remarkably fine lot; they were first
picked over by their captains and even
after that the board rejected one in
every six.
Lieutenant Cloman, who is assisting
Captain Carrington in the work of mus
tering, says the men selected are as line
a body of militia as can be found any
where in the country.
The officers of the companies have so
far passed only the militia examination,
and tiny will have to pass another be
fore they can go with their commands.
The men accepted by the surgeons were:
Company A — Captain, John F. Donnelly;
first lieutenant, George T. Balllnger; second
lieutenant, Joseph A. Brown; sergeants, Frank
McCarthy. Maurice Justh; corporals, Charlos
L.. oil, ,nnpll. Warren F. Lteb, James J.
Louf?hery. Daniel M. Hitchle; musicians, Julian
Aitken, Frank S. W'yatt; privates. Quota* A9
mussen, Henry V. Rarhitri, Frederick liti
traml. John J. Brady, Daniel Boyle, Charles
Beede, James H. Bonford, John J. Campbell,
Harry R. Crow, I>avid A. Cutting, Maurice
Cunningham, Thomas 11. Cunningham, John
J. Costello. Henry S. Cavanaugh, Jacob A.
Devitt, Frank Donegan, Eugene J. Dougherty.
Aloyglus R. Dunnlgan, William A. Dusenberry,
Harrle A. Dennie, Florencio Figuora, George
H. Furest, Elmer Gabrielson. Daniel Holland.
Max Horn, Harry Jackson, Nels H. Johnson,
Herman F. Jantzen, Seltgman Katz, William
F. Kays, John Kilemade, Edward Kilc!!ne.
Thomns Lind, Alexander S. Less, Robert Lean,
Morris L. Markowitz, Chris Melskov, Edward
T. Mullally, Frank J. Murray, John J. Morris,
John J. Murphy, Joseph Murdock, Edward T.
McCaffrey, William J. Moore, Albert J. Mc-
Cusker, John E. Page, John Phtllippon, Wil
liam Ray. James Reilly, Sidney Rose, Louis
I». St. Amant, Leonard G. Sehlink, Joseph G.
Smith. William Stanton, Richard F. Stapleton,
William W. Smith, Lester D. Schoenfeld.
Charles "W. Swlneford, John Thompson,
Joseph Verheyen, John Wetrtlein. Charles P.
Werner, John E. Webster, John Ward. William
P. Barry, Peter M. Weber, William Williams.
Company B— Captain. George Fllmer: first
lieutenant, B. B. Sturdevant; second lieuten
ant, A. F. Rajnm; first sergeant, W. N Kelly;
sergPitnts, A. H. Clifford, H. B. Taylor. 11. B.
Sullivan; corporals, C. Lemmon, C. Lyndecker;
musicians, A. E. Apthorpe. W. Prawl, D. J.
Beard; privates, P. Eagan, E. L. Filmer, A.
French, A. C. Fischer, John P. Gaffney. W.
J. Hayes, A. Hammerson, H. D. Jones, E W.
Jensen, E. W. Kavanaugh, J. Miller. G W.
Mills, A. J. Nicholson. H. Skeilin/srer, w. 11.
Tooker, L. B. Wood, M. D. Zan. C. M. Rich
ardson, T. C. Healion, Lloyd Spencer, W. J.
Buttgenbach, H. Cowley, R. S. Drake, C. G.
Bartlott, B. H. Holcomb, C. A. Hunter, F. M.
McCarthy, S. Russell, L. B. Simon, E. L.
Worth. A. W. Clark. A. W. Cills, H. A.
Evans, W. E. Garrison, T. J. Robinson. J. A.
Thompson, L. J. Behm, J. V. Dunmore, E. V.
Hewson, C. D. Lowe, A. B. Schell, W. B.
Thompson, S. L. Helllwell, J. M. Gore, P. D.
McCarthy, H. F. Rutherauff, E. V. Fltzperald.
M. C. Eisenschimmel, C. S. Sherman, H. Ruff,
L. L. Hunter, W. K. Reid. G. G. Sp.>oner. T.
J. Sheehan, J. A. Doxey, J. Cunningham, F.
V. Hoyt, William B. Eichbaum, G. F. Larney,
L. G. Russell, R. J. More, P. A. Williams. W.
W. Davidson, K. Simpson, E. S. Naughton. C.
F. Linnehan, Andrew Wiatund. O. H. Perkins,
S. L. Rogers, B. Burtchaell, E. W. Knottner,
J. Fisk.
Company D— Captain, Thomas J. McCreagh;
first lieutenant. Charles G. White: second lieu
tenant, Harry F. McGurren; sergeants, George
W. Swan, Robert B. Downey; corporals, James
F. McCarthy. James O. Staples. Walter H.
Fisher; privates. Eugene Aherne. Charles J.
Anderson, Charles P. Ayton, William T. Bald
win, William P. Bauruth, Clarence B. Bean.
William J. Given. Ralph W. Bliven. Richard
C. Botts, William J. Boyer, Elmer Butter.
Joseph Colby. George \V. Cole. W lhamß.
Cornish. Edward D. Crowley ClaytunT < i.n
ningham, Frank D. Cutler, George W. Daly.
William H. l>aly. Harry B. J^mas. Isidur
Davis, Theodore A. Dabovlch Hugh r>emp»..->
Thomas A. Doxey, Charles H. Dunph>. R ' cl }-
ard P. Farrell. William Fahey, Arthur L C.al
vin. Thomas J. Galvln, Alfred E Hassan.
Henry T. Hage, William A. Hench. \\ . A.
Jameson. Charles E. Keller, J°h" Komman.
Olinto Landucci. John W. Lineford. John C.
Lippert, John J. Loftua, George J. Lutrell.
Charles G.Mallon. Neptune J. " MaJvllle. Saw
uel I. Marston, Albert J. Martineau. James W,
Martin, Charles M. Marvin. George J. Mayer
Francis" J. McAllister, David McKee. Al fred
W. McLean, James . McQueeney. Frank A
Moore. Oliver 11. Moore. Koy Mo'T^g.^chon
F. Myers. James Leary Jr.. 1^?,?,-? 8 -^^
Henry R. Pfahl. William J- Phillips. Harry
D., Pohlmann. Frank t J. F r l $ 1 % y £ I Jn ™'iwk
Mitchell J. Brown. Walter J. Kussel, tienrx
G. • Renner. - - . '
PRAISE FOR
AMERICA'S HERO.
Representative
Meet and Eulogize Com
modore Dewey.
A special meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce was called yesterday afternoon
to take action expressive of the sense of
the people upon the occasion of the first
victory of the war with Spain.' It wa*
a representative body of men that re
sponded to the call, and the spacious
council chamber was crowded when Presi
dent Hugh Craig called for order. Mayor
Phelan, as chief magistrate of the city,
was called to the platform, and Stewart
Menzies was detailed by the chairman to
escort him to a chair beside the president.
Hugh Craig, in explaining the objects of.
the meeting, made a feeling speech eulo
gistic of Commodore Dewey ar.d his com
panions of the Asiatic fleet. He referred
to the splendid achievements of John
Paul Jones and the naval leaders. Perry,
Porter, Hull. LSainbridge, Blakeley, Bur
rows Biddle, Stewart, Warrington and
McDougal, who have made themselves
famous in American history, and declared
that posterity would place the name or
Dewey un the glorious roster.
Horace Davis folowed in glowing words
of pr.iise for the gallant commander in
the Orient, and he was followed by G. W-
McNear, who completed his address by
offering the following resolution:
Whereas, The American navy, in
tne persons of Commodore George
D3wey, his officers and men, has
again signaled itself and notified the
world that the fighting blood of 1778,
1801 and 1812 has not deteriorated
in skill and daring, as proved by the
destruction of the Spanish fleet in
Manila harbor, protected as it was by
forts and modern torpedoes, thus es
tablishing Commodore Dewey as a
naval commander of exceptional mer
it, and fitted to rank with the naval
heroes of the past; therefore, be it
Besolved, That the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco respect
fully requests the President of the
United States to present the congrat
ulations and thanks of this chamber
to Commodore George Dewey in rec
ognition of his prompt and glorious
achievement in destroying the
enemy's fleet at Manila, thereby
keeping open to American commerce
the great Pacific Ocean, with all its
coasts and harbors. \ .
The resolution was carried by a unani
mous standing vote, offered the follow**
Mayor Phelan then offered tha following
resolution:
Resolved by the Chamber of Co m £L s °. f
San Francisco. That the attention of the Presi
dent and Congress be respectfully called to Uia
practical demonstration of the strategic ana
commercial value of an isthmian canal mate
by the recent events of the war. The exposure
of our Western coast, the difficulties and per
ils of intercommunication as shown by the
voyage of the Oregon prove the desirability of
a waterway between the Atlantic and the Pa
cific controlled by the United States.
The "resolution received the hearty sup
port of the meeting.
WANTS TO FIGHT.
The following letter received by Tha
Call is self-explai.atory:
SAN FRANCISCO. May S, 1808.
Editor Call: I read in your paper of this
morning that same old chestnut about send
ing the First Infantry Regiment of California
to Manila, It is about time they were going
to do something with us. as it la getting very
trying to the boys to be left behind alto
gether I should think we had as much right
to have a whack at some of them Spaniards
as the Eastern troops. The old flag is Just as
dear to us as it is to them, but I suppose it
is like people say, we are a lot of dudes and
that we would run at the first fire, but Just
try us— that is all we ask. For myself, I have
got no education, but I can fight if I get the
chance, and the rest of the boys are Just as
good fighters. I hope with the aid of your
valuable paper that we will <f {"^ A^> v's MAN
First Infantry. N. G. C.
Lecture on Hawaii.
The lecture on Japan announced to be
given by G. W. Dickie at the Young Men's
Christian Association this evening has
been postponed on account of Mr. Dickie's
departure for the East on a brief busi
ness trip. In place of it Harcourt W.
Peck. M.A., 8.5., will lecture on the Ha
waiian Islands at the association audi
torium. Mason and Ellis street*, thla
evening at S o'clockSHELLS ARE
FIRED INTO
THE SHORE
Lively Patrol Work <5f the
Wilmington East of
Havana.
Bands of Spanish Cavalry Fre=
quently Made to Scatter and
AH Attempted Fortifica=
tions Razed.
Copyrlphtrd. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
I>N BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH-BOAT SOMERS N.SMITH
via KEY WEET Fla.. May 4.—Numer
ous shells have been fired into the Cu
ban shore just east of Havana during
the last two days by the gunboat Wil
mington that has been doing the in
. ami. Commander C. C. Todd of
Wilmington has general orders to
fire at anything on shore at discretion,
• reuses of Havana. Com
i r Todd has been doing it. The
Wilmington, being a river gunboat, can
::■ all over any where in shore, and
h«r patrol is from in front of Morro
to about twelve miles of coast
istward. A.B she keeps less than 4000
- from the Bhore she is constantly
by the Spaniards, and has a
portunity for watching thorn.
[uads of cavalry can now
following along the
; . carbines at
i and now and then fir
. ballets. When this is done
ingi D trains one of her guns
ahe result is that there
tly a great scampering of
hi rsea and a tearing of brush
; of dirt as the shell goes
These Spanish forces
■ • •' aboul one thousand cav
tlanco has sent out to the
purpose, apparently, of pre
landing of United States
the bay of Bacuranao, which
i sbi :■• '■■ n miles from Havana. This
: y keeps well behind the hills of
Monte Blanco and Monte Barrera, and
tlip commander sends scouting partie*
• "it to shake their muskets at the Wil
mington, fire now and then and run
from the shells.
An incident out of the usual occurred
STRANGE MEN
AT THE WORKS
Three Prowlers Seen Be
fore the Santa Cruz
Explosion.
identity of the Unnamed Dead
Has Not Yet Been Dis
covered.
Witnesses at the Inquest Believe
the Disaster Was Caused
by Spies. ~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, May 4.— The Coron- j
er's inquest over the remains of the
powder explosion victims began to
day. No additional facts that could
give a clew to the Identity <>f the three
unidentified men were gleaned. Wit
nesses testified that they had never
seen boys smoking cigarettes at the !
works. Smoking and the carrying of
matches were strictly prohibited.
.Mr. Carter said that although th*
works were guarded it would require a
thousand men to completely guard the ;
plant. Men could gain entrance de
spite the watchfulness of the guards,
who were on duty on the day of the j
explosion. Every precaution was taken ;
to prevent an accident.
J. W. Nelson, a carpenter, who was
among the injured, testified to having j
seen three rough looking men at the j
works before the explosion. They j
were near the plant that was '
destroyed. They looked so sus- '
picious that he called the at- |
tention of M. Noon to them. He was
unable to say if they were Spaniards, j
He did not see them leave. The gun
cotton plant was a place near which
the strangers never went. Nelson said i
he was satisfied mat the plant whs
fired.
Arthur Pejrton explained the process
of making gun-cotton, which will
stand 100 degrees of heat. He could
not give an explanation for the explo
sion, saying that it was a mystery.
The detonation could have been caused
by a rifle or pistol shot. Other wit
i; Bses told of the precautions taken to
prevent accidents. They could not
offer a reason for the explosion.
The inquest will close to-morrow.
COMMODORE DEWEY'S
ORDERS TO HIS MEN.
v *"Keep Perfectly Cool and Pay Atten
tion to Nothing but Orders."
ATCHISON, Kan., May 4.— ln a letter
received here to-day dated Hongkong,
April 3, Louis Ostertag, a sailor on
board Commodore Dewey's flagship the
Olympia, tells his parents of the in
structions given by Commodore Dewey
to his men after the orders had been
• received from Washington to be in
readiness to move at any time. The
commodore assembled his men on the
flagship and told them, in case of an
engagement, to "keep perfectly cool
and pay attention to nothing but or
ders."
The sailor wrote that all the vessels
of the fleet were kept loaded to their
fullest capacity with coal and that a
transport was "loaded with an imense
amount of coal."
to-day while the Herald-Call dispatch
boat was beside the Wilmington.
"I think, captain," said Executive-
Thomas Collins, "that the Spaniards
are at work on a fortification on the
hillside just to the west of the bay."
Glasses were trained and the gunboat
stood in shore. Back from the bay
of Bacuranao on the slope could be seen !
what appeared to be a yellow scimeter
of earth. Apparently the Spaniards
thought the constant patrol of this
part of the coast denoted a landing in
that vicinity and were fortifying.
Through the clear atmosphere perhaps
tweaty men could be seen collected
amund this hillside bank.
"Give them a shrapnel shot from
the aft grun on the port side," said
( 'ommander Todd. "'That may draw
their fire."
The four-im-h gun was trained and
fired. The shell flew true. While the
smoke drifted away from the Wilming
ton in waves the shell exploded right
over the supposed fortifications, and
the men collected around were seen to
scatter. Other gunners stood ready,
the Wilmington being prepared to
bombard the works until they were de
stroyed. But no reply came from the
yellow scimeter of earth. Concluding
that what he had seen was merely a
strung picket which had been thrown
up as small breastworks for protection,
the Wilmington steamed on, but I be
lieve the Spanish soldiers will still be
running when the Herald-Call boat
roaches Key West. Several other sup
posed ff-rtifications have been fired on
fur the purpose of locating the enemy's
batteries, but so far the Wilmington
has not been able to discover that
much fortifying is in progress immedi
ately east of Havana, There have been
no captures and no chases. The fast
Spanish gunboat still remains bottled
up in Havana, and she will not venture
out to give battle even to a torpedo
boat. All are well on all our ships.
WILD MEXICAN
RUNS AMUCK
Manifests a Desire to
Slay "American
Pigs."
Attacks a San Bernardino
Business Man With a
Knife.
Finally Lands in Jail, Where He Tries
to Throttle » Fellow-
Prisoner.
Special Dls>r>atch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 4.— A Mcx
; ican named Pablo Palasco created a
sensation this morning through his bel
ligerency toward Americans, which he
in no wise attempted to conceal. His
anger finally led to assaults on two
men. The fellow had been noticed the
night before on account of his violent
expressions against Americans and his
"Vivas" for Spain. This morning he
became abusive in front of Scheuer's
meat market on Main street, and the
i proprietor ordered him to move on.
When Soheuer came within reach Pa
: lasco whipped out a butcher knife
eighteen inches long and made a lunge
< at him. The American was unarmed
'and retreated into the shop. Just then
| a dog barked at the Mexican, who
struck at it, explaining: "Gringo perro"
j (American dog). He missed the dog.
Schouer had by this time telephoned
j to police headquarters, and an officer
camp down. The Mexican did not see
; him and was caught from behind, while
; a bystander took his knife away. On
; the way to jail Palasco was particu
larly abusive, reiterating the explana
tion:
"I will kill American pigs."
The policeman noticed that the fel
| low kept fingering at his belt, so he
searched him and found another small
knife, which had slipped out of its own
er's reach in the struggle. Had ihe
fellow obtained the knife without the
officer's knowledge he would surely
have stabbed some one.
On reaching the jail he was turned
into a room in which were another
Mexican and an American. Palasco
now being thoroughly angered, jerk3d
off his coat and sprang at the Ameri
can. Fortunately the other Mexican
sided with the American and the two
finally succeeded in forcing the bellig
erent into a closed cell. A charge cf
assault has been lodged against him
and will be vigorously prosecuted.
OLIVETTE TO LEAVE
UNDER SEALED ORDERS.
Will Carry to Sampson's Squadron an
Officer With a Message From
Washington.
NEW YORK, May 4.— A Port Tampa,
Fla., special to the Herald says: The
Olivette was ordered to sail to-night
under sealed orders. It is rumored that
she goes to the fleet at Key West with
a naval officer who is to arrive to
night and who has an important mes
sage from Washington for Rear Ad
miral Sampson.
The transports Comal, Berkshire and
Florida are ordered to coal to-morrow
morning. The transport Allegheny has
just arrived here.
THIS SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
GENERAL WEYLER
A NEW BOULANGER
Once More There is Talk of Asking
the Powers to Intervene in the
Interest of Peace.
LONDON, May s.— lt is the
absence of actual news as to the
war operations which is causing
great anxiety, especially at Ma
drid, where Senor Sagasta, in the
course of an interview, has de
clared that absence the "most dis
quieting feature of the situation."
Attention is again riveted upon
Spain. The special dispatches
from Madrid indicate thatthe ques
tion of the future government of
the country is being discussed, as
if the figures of the Queen Regent
and King Alfonso had already dis
appeared from the stage of Span
ish politics.
General Weyler is dubbed "the
Spanish Boulanger," and in some
quarters military dictatorship in
his hands is regarded as probable.
But the wider opinion is that he
will not succeed any better than
Boulanger did.
The continental press notices a
broadening political ambition of
the United States, coupled with
the increasing friendship between
Great Britain and the United
States, with ill-concealed aversion.
Intervention rumors are again in
the air. It is absolutely certain
that Spain has taken no steps in
HE BELIEVES A
MINE DESTROYED
THE MAINE
The Report of Captain Kent, Torpedo
Expert of the British Halifax
Squadron, Has Been Made.
TORONTO, Ontario. May 4. — Almost immediately after the Maine disaster Captain Kent, torpedo expert
for the British Halifax squadron, was hurriedly sent to Washington, whence he proceeded to Key West, Fla. His de
parture caused considerable comment at the time, and the Government was asked a question relative to the trip, but
simply answered that it was a purely departmental affair.
Captain Kent has now returned to Halifax, and from some remarks he has made it evident that, whatever other
business he had in hand, he was making inquiries about the Maine disaster.
He expresses the opinion that the vessel was blown up by external means, and probably by a mine put in posi
tion not long before the explosion took place. He saw Captain Sigsbee and went carefully over the evidence taken
during the inquiry, and this, with his own accurate knowledge of explosives, their effect when exploded in certain
conditions, and the certainty that in such a case as that of the Maine disaster all traces of how the mine or torpedo
was laid would disappear, made it plain to Captain Kent that an external agency had been applied.
Such a thing, he asserts, could be done without the knowledge and against the will of the Spanish officers, so
that his opinion means no reflection whatever on the Governor-General of Cuba.
Captain Kent has made a most elaborate report to the British Admiralty.
THAT SPY ON
THE ST. PAUL
Pretty Good Evidence
That He Meant to
Do Mischief.
Rough Draft of the Interior of
the Auxiliary Cruiser Found
in His Possession.
Howard Hannan, the Culprit's Name,
and. Ho Will Be Put Ashore
ior a Federal Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, May 4.— The re
port that a supposed Spanish spy had
been captured aboard the auxiliary
cruiser St. Paul at Cramp's yard last
night was confirmed to-day. Who the
man is Captain Sigsbee refused to
state, and all that is known of him is
that his father is a Spaniard and that
his mother was born on Cuban soil.
The suspect enlisted some days ago
as an oiler, and almost from the time
of his enlistment was under suspicion
on account of his peculiar actions. Late
last night a marine who was on watch
below decks near the powder magazine
discovered the man acting in a sus
picious way around the magazine.
The marine lost no time in bringing
the man to ground, and a short and se
vere fight followed. The guard over
powered him, but not before the sus
pect had received a great gash on the
right side of his face. __.__
He was taken before Captain Sigsbee
for examination, and the captain com
mitted him to the "brig" for the night.
A thorough investigation is being made
to-day.
The St. Paul is expected to leave
Cramp's to-morrow. Op her way to sea
she will stop at either League Island
navy yard or Fort Mifflin to take on
her ammunition. Her crew is practi
cally complete.
It was learned to-night that the name
this direction, nor is she likely to
do so until she has suffered a re
verse on the Atlantic.
It is believed that there have
been some exchanges of views be
tween the powers on the subject
of the Philippines, as to which all
kin,ds of speculation are afloat.
None of the powers like the idea
of the United States becoming a
near neighbor of Japan and the
fear of further American victories
is likely to give a cohesion in
which the powers hitherto have
been sadly lacking.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: "Those
who are best informed as to the
Government's view allege that if
the Spanish arms suffer another
reverse like that at Cavite the
Government would informally re
quest the great powers to tender
their services to arrange the best
possible terms of peace. Many
Liberals consider that Spain, hav
ing maintained her honor and jus
tified her chivalry, can now afford
to yield to superior force, but it is
doubtful if the public would ap
prove of this line of action.
" I am assured that the Govern
ment would be content to cede
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Oordon Bennett.
MILES IN FAVOR
OF THE CREATION
OF SEVEN CORPS
Plans fop the Subdivision of
the Army Under Consider
ation at Washington.
♦ WASHINGTON, May 4.— Now that the formation of the volunteer
4- army and the recruiting of the regular army to its full war strength
■f is fairly under way, the President and Secretary Alger are giving some
■f attention to the question of the subdivision into corps, divisions, bri
♦ gades, etc. Several plans already have been mapped out, but so far, it
+ is said, none have been finally determined upon. The nomination of a
+ number of major and brigadier generals to-day, however, will hasten
♦ the completion of this work.,
>• The law for the formation of the volunteer army leaves it discre
+ tiona.ry with the President as to whether three or more regiments shall
-♦■ constitute a brigade, and also whether two- or three divisions shall
+ constitute a corps. Those questions determined upon finally, the as
+ signment of the major and brigadier generals will be fixed readily.
+ General Miles favors the formation of seven corps in all — two In
-f the regular army and five in the volunteer army. In other quarters
■f it has been suggested that the volunteers be divided into three corps.
♦ A ma jo-r- general commands either a corps or a division, so that the
+ plan determined upon will provide for a sufficient number of these to
+ give assignments to the officers of the higher grades.
+ The volunteer army act also makes provision for a complete staff
■♦■ for the commanders of corps, divisions and brigades, who are to be
+ appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate.
V+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
of the suspect is Howard Hannan. He
is about 30 years of age. He claimed
that he was an Austrian and came to
this country in 1881. Hannan also stiid
that he was a painter and had given up
his job to enlist on the St. Paul.
At the examination to-day Hannan
strenuously denied that his intentions
had been hostile to the ship, but not
withstanding his denials, a rough draft
of the interior of the vessel showing
the location of her magazines and en
gines was found in his possession. He
has not been placed in irons, but a
strict watch is maintained over him.
He will be put ashore at League Island
when the St. Paul passes there, prob
ably to-morrow, on her way to sea. The
prisoner will then be dealt with as the
Cuba to the United States, but
could not pay indemnity, because
unable. Well informed politicians
here regard the war as practically
terminated, and that toward the
end of May it will become history.
What will follow, however, it is
difficult to foresee. All the ele
ments of a long civil war in Spain
are unfortunately becoming visi
ble. The Government and the
Liberal party are popularly hated
as. being responsible for the war.
The Republicans possess no dur
able chances of success. The Con
servatives and Carlists are the real
authorities of the future and some
of the Conservative groups are
gravitating toward Carlism. The
economic question, however, will
come to the front first, for hunger
cannot wait."
The Standard says this morning:
" There is a growing impression in
official circles that the Queen Re
gent and the Spanish Government
favor some arrangement that will
lead to the early termination of
the war. It is believed that Aus
tria is anxious to intervene, while
Germany has especial reasons to
desire some arrangement which
will not compromise the future of
the Philippines."
Government authorities jnay deem
proper.
Compelled to Return.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The British
steamer Ardanmohr, Captain Dunn,
which sailed from Guiana, Venezuela,
April 22 for Havana with a cargo of
cattle, arrived in this port to-night,
having been unable to reach her desti
nation, owing to the blockade of ' C
uban ports by the United States war
ships. The ship, when off Matanzas,
on April 27 at 8:30 p. m., was boarded
by a boat's crew from the United States
cruiser Cincinnati and her captain was
told that owin? to the blockade his
vessel could not enter Havana. _ _
URGES AN
INVASION
AT ONCE
Navy Department Anxious
to Reduce the Havana
Batteries.
Before the Slow=Going Fleet of
Spain Arrives Troops Can Be
Landed on the Coast of
Cuba.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 4.
At a 1 ?v« hour to-night the Bureau
of Navigation was in ignorance as to
the whereabouts of the Spanish fleet,
•which, according to a press dispatch
dated Lisbon, had Joined that at Cadiz.
It is considered possible that the seven
vessels might have steamed from St.
Vincent, Cape Verde Islands, to Cadiz,
a distance of nearly 1600 miles, in five
days, but this would require an aver
age speed of over twelve knots an
hour. The Navy Department people
are inclined to regard the Lisbon tele
gram with suspicion; at any rate they
are not goingr to rely upon its correct
ness. But should it appear that the
Cape Verde fleet has really sailed for
Cadiz, or is at the Canaries, the Navy
Department will act immediately. It
would take the combined Spanish fleet
with its slow-moving battle-ship Pe
layo and the transports at least twelve
days to cross the Atlantic, and by that
time it is believed the batteries of Ha
vana can be reduced, and a landing of
troops effected at Matanzas, or some
other point in that vicinity.
It is understood that the naval offi
cers are urging that this be done, if it
shall appear that the Spaniards are still
on the other side. Whatever the plan
of the department may be, or whether
they have yet decided upon any ope
rations in Cuban waters, it is their
confident expectation that in a very
short time, perhaps within a few weeks,
Cuba will have been wrested from
Spanish cqntrol.
So certain is the administration that
the island will soon be free that steps
have been taken by the Postoffice De
partment to provide a United States
postal service in Cuba. This took the
form of an order promulgated to-day
by the new Postmaster - General,
Charles Emery Smith, directing that a
mail agency be established "either at
Havana or Matanzas, or at such other
point in Cuba as a United States mail
steamer may be directed to touch."
The order is to take effect when such
steamer shall first land at the desig
nated port. Eben Brewer is appointed
postal agent at an annual • compensa
tion of $2000.
Postmaster-General Smith's audacity
in providing for a United States mail
service in Cuba was admired by Secre
tary Long, who, when shown the or
der to-night, said to The Call corre
spondent: "It may seem like antici
pating events, but the Postmaster-Gen
eral is quite right in taking time by
the forelock, and having everything
ready, so that our soldiers and sailors
when they have landed in r'uba may
have prompt communication by mail
with relatives and friends at home. The
order was made on the assumption that
Havana and Matanzas will soon be cap
tured."
The movements of several vessels of
Captain Sampron's fleet to-day created
the belief that offensive operations
were about to begin either against
Havana or Porto Rico, or else that
pevera l o f the vessels are to be sent im
mediately to the relief of the Oregon
and Marietta. Nothing definite is
known to-night, however, about the or
ders issued to Sampson.
The delay in hearing from Commo
dore Dewey is not exciting any appre
hension at the department, but the re
port is very anxiously awaited. Sec
retary Long said at 10:30 to-night he
hardly expected it before to-morrow.
He hoped it would come and relieve the
suspense. Officers of the Bureau of
Navigation will remain on duty at the
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
JAREYOU A WEAK MAN?]
sSrf =^^ t Are You
a sft^C^^^^J^w^ A Weak Woman £
•> / '^^^^^^^^ \ Nerves Tremble? £
° 1 mSs® « 1 Does Youp ■"
« I 3J) ; Back Ache? i
« Vr^iPte 1 ■''He #* HO YOU FEEL ANY OF THE »
° \^Mvf-^^' *Nj*v ft effects of • past neglect of the »
° Y?^v : l^i>^ \V)7 laws of health? The thoughtless- 0
tt X^k'f^JjsS^x^.. /J : • ness of boyhood and the ignorance 8
# - \jS^'> ''.'•; .C^^s^j JIT* 51 I^^ : of- girlhood ruin thousands of lives. 8
& •"'■ '^^f^-^a^i^ . They take away nature's vitality, -9
S g^ which is the groundwork of health. "
«|| Perfect mantiood depends upon it. True and lovely womanhood is
/ impossible without it. £
$ Electricity has done much for us. -It is a natural invigorant. No Q
6 better way of using it can be found than Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its £
# strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow stronger day by day,. 3
# and weak women regain the flush of health from it. £j
8 \. "I was weak and debilitated for eight years, could not sleep, bad poor circulation £1
& and was nearly gone Now, thanks to your Belt, I never lie more than five minutes £
$ before lam sound asleep, and wake up bright and fresh. I feel better than I have £
rt, done for twenty years. • , \ _ ; "■■" q
~ "A. L. WHITE, Music Teacher, 516 Ellis Street, San Francisco, Cal.
# Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a grand remedy. Its power is felt in- Q
«- stantly. ; The blood jumps with life from it. A valuable book for either sex
« will be sent free upon request. Consultation free and invited. Call or address £
a SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., *_— — *'»
j « 632 Market Street, San Francisco. . $5000 REWARD
wVi-NOTE- Make? no mistake in the number— Will be paid for one of
« 632 MARKET, STREET. v ;. these Belts which fail* °
» toT Ce Br a°n UU c r r% 383 8 a « m^ Bin6?leVSC^y^8 in6?leV S C^ y^ to generate a current of 0
«'. South "Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washing- -Electricity. Q
X ton "street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; - - :. - ■ ■ **
» ; Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street. -; . * .. - ■-.•< . -.. - - . . ■■■- - - "-* ' 0
department all night, with a corps ©i
cipher code clerks, awaiting the report,
At midnight Lieutenant Whitelesey
said he felt sure that it would not conn
to-night. He even doubted vrhethei
the dispatch-boat McCullough had been
sighted in Mirs Bay as reported.
OREGON AND MARIETTA
SAIL FOR KEY WEST,
The Spanish Gun Vessel Temjorarlo
Is Reported as Still Lying at
Port La Plata.
BUENOS ATRES, May 4.— The Her.
aid correspondent in Rio Janeiro, Bra
zil, sends word that the United States
battle-ship Oregon and the gunboat
Marietta sailed from that port this
morning. Both ships have their bunk,
ers well filled with coal and have larg'a
stores of provisions. The cruiser Nic
theroy remained at Rio Janeiro, but
she had steam up in her boilers and it
was expected she would sail before
morning.
Members of the Merchants* Commis
sion have presented to the Brazilian
Government a plan to improve the gen
eral business situation. Measures
have been taken by the police in Rio
de Janeiro to prevent any public dem
onstrations against either Spain or the
United States.
Advices from the Herald's crn-ro
spondent in Montevideo, Uruguay,
state that the Spanish gun vessel Tem
erario is still lying at Port La Plata.
In a communication to the Uruguay
an Government, the American Ministei
announces that the United States au
thorities are disposed to permit one
Uruguayan cadet each to enter the
Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md.. and
the West Point Military Academy
without charge.
The dynamite cruiser Nictheroy
sailed to-night.
SIR JULIAN PAUNCEFOTE
NOT TO RETIRE AT ONCE.
Embassador Certain to Continue at
His Post Until Next September.
NEW YORK, May 4. — A Washington
special to the Herald says: The report
cabled here from London that Sir Ju
lian Pauncefote, British Embassador at
Washington, was to retire at once ia
happily incorrect. Sir Julian will con
tinue in the high post he has filled with
such distinction until next September.
He will then reach the age at which,
under the rules of the service, he and
all others in his position are relieved
from active duty.
Whether when September arrives cir
cumstances are likely to be such as to
make his withdrawal for the interest ol
the British diplomatic service is a
question not to be answered in th<* af
firmative if Washington opposition be
a safeguard. The rule, however, is
supposed to be compulsory. It was re
cently applied to another Embnssador
of highest reputation, I,ord Dufferln,
who quitted the Paris Embassy while
still as competent as ever to fulfill lta
duties.
Tenders Free Expressage.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The Adama
Express Company has tendered the ser
vices of its agencies to the Treasury
Department free of charge for solicit
ing subscriptions to the popular loan.
It is thought all other express com
panies win do likewise.
34
WILL NEVER
REACH THIS
CONTINENT
There Is a Big Surprise in
Store for the Atlantic
Fleet of Spain.
Rear-Admiral Sampson Has Com
pleted Plans for Meeting and
Defeating the Enemy
on the Seas.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Spain's Atlantic fleet is not to be al
lowed to reach Porto Rico or to ap
proach the coast of the United States.
Rear Admiral Sampson has perfected
plans for meeting the enemy on the
high seas and giving battle at a time
and place of his own choosing. The
successful Issue of this battle may de
pend in a large measure upon the Span
ish admiral being kept in profound ig
norance of the intention of the Ameri-
can commander, and being given the
least possible time in which to escape
or to prepare for battle. Consequent- j
ly the Secretary of the Navy and Rear
Admiral Sampson have kept the details
of the plan of operations a profound
secret and as the time for the move- \
ment against the Spanish ships draws
closer a censorship of telegrams from !
Key West has been established. This
makes it impossible to obtain direct
news of the movement of the armored
ships under the immediate command of
Admiral Sampson. All that is definite
ly known here is that the four most
powerful ships in Rear Admiral Samp
son's command, the New York, the In
diana, the lowa and the Puritan, were |
.ready for a prolonged sea voyage yes- i
terday afternoon. Their coal bunkers j
were filled to their capacity and addi- j
tional supplies of coal were carried in j
bags on deck. Two colliers carrying
8000 tons of coal were ready to accom
pany them to sea. The reports that
these vessels sailed eastward to meet
the Spanish ships last night have not
been confirmed.
At the same time Commodore Schley's j
squadron at Hampton Roads, compris- \
ing the Brooklyn, the Massachusetts j
and the Texas, with two colliers carry- i
ing 6000 tons of coal, is ready to sail at
a moment's notice.
Swift auxiliary cruisers are scouring !
the ocean in search of the Spanish j
fleet These tacts all point to the
theory that there is to be a union of
the armored ships under Rear Admiral
Sampson with those under Commodore !
Schley at a point in the ocean previ- I
ously agreed upon, and that the scouts j
are to report to them there the location
and direction of the Spanish ships. It i
is not believed to be possible that the
Spanish ships will be able to avoid all
of the scouting vessels.
As soon as Kf.-tr Admiral Sampson
learns the whereabouts of the Spanish
fleet and the direction in which it is
sailing:, he can get under way to inter
cept it, throwing his scouts out in front
BO as to cover a wide expanse of sea
and following with his armored vessels
in line of battle and ready to give fight
as soon as they come in contact with
the enemy.
f -inions differ somewhat in naval
circles as to the dcs nation of the
SALISBURY IS
PROPHETIC
Speaks of the Living and
Dying Countries of
the World.
Continental Politicians Now
Recognize That America
Will Be a Naval Power.
Possibility of a British Protectorate
the Philippines Gives Europe
Additional Umbrage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 4.— There can be no
doubt that the unexpected success of
the United States at Manila gives little
pleasure to continental politicians, who
recognize that America is now certain
to become a first-class naval power and
will have to be reckoned with in the
world's affairs. The fact that the
American papers are looking kindly
upon the possibility of a British pro
tectorate in the Philippines gives addi
tional umbrage, as indicating a con
vergence of America and England to
ward an entente.
Lord Salisbury's speech before the
Primrose League to-day appeared to
show that he has a presentiment of
the change now working in his vague
prophetic foreboding of coming trouble.
The Premier spoke of the "living and
dying countries of the world," and of
how the former were generally en
croaching upon the latter. He spoke
also of the "corruption of dying coun
tries, a corruption so deep-seated as to
give the smallest scope for reform,"
and he referred to the partition of these
countries as likely to lead nations into
war.
"Dying countries," said Lord Salis
bury, "are mostly unchristian, but I
regret to say, not exclusively so."
The Right Hon. James Bryce, Radical
member of Parliament from South
Aberdeen, writes the Daily Chronicle
this morning as follows: "The war is
a great misfortune and may in the long
run raise grave difficulties for the
United States. All my wishes gc^Kof
course, with the United States, and the
general sympathy with their kindred
across the sea which our people have
spontaneously displayed, and which
was evident from the first, has shown
how close is the tie which unites the
two nations/*
To Send a Stand of Colors.
CAMBRIDGE, May 4.— At one of the
Spanlsh fleet, although the Herald's
special telegram from St. Vincent
showed that the Spaniards steered a
westerly course until darkness fell on
the first night after they left port.
Many naval officers can scarcely con
ceive it to be possible that the Spanish
admiral would be so rash as to bring
his vessels within reach of such an
overwhelming force as that which Rear
Admiral Sampson could bring against
him. They believe that if he has held
his westerly course he counts on bein~
able to reach Porto Rico and get his ;
vessels safely into the harbor of San |
Juan before he can be attacked by an
overwhelming American force. When
he left St. Vincent the American force !
was divided. Rear Admiral Sampson
apparently was fully occupied with the ;
blockade of Cuban ports, and the only j
vessels available to be sent against
him were those under Commodore
Bchley. If he believed he could reach
San Juan in safety he will probably '■
discover his mistake when it is too late
for him to escape or to avoid giving \
battle to forces so far superior to his :
own as to leave little doubt as to the
result.
-Some of the officers with whom I
have talked inclined to the opinion that
the Spanish admiral saw the smoke of
the Herald's steamer after he left St.
I Vincent, and, sui...isiri~ that he was
j being followed, sailed a westerly course
■ until dark and then swerved off and
j either returned to Cadiz to form a
junction with the Spanish or to inter
cept the battle-ship Oregon and gun
boat Marietta. If this is his plan naval
officers believe he will be disappointed.
The Oregon had not reached Rio
Janiero when the Spanish admiral left
St. Vincent, and she was generally be
lieved to be much further south than
she really was at that time. Not even
the officials of the Navy Department
had any idea that she would make such
a splendid run from Valparaiso to Rio.
The Oregon is again at sea, accom
panied by the Marietta and the Nich
teroy, which was purchased from the
Brazilian Government. As the Ore
gon's commander is aware of the de
parture of the Spanish fleet he will
maintain a careful watch for hostile
vessels until he is out of danger. It is
believed that he will go much to the
Itward of the usual track in round-
Cape Rogue.
Iven if she should fail to avoid the
mish fleet no one here doubts that
Oregon would give a good account
herself: She and her small com
lions would probably be defeated.
sy might be sunk, but there is no
ibt that the Spanish admiral would
le out of such a contest, unequal
ugh it Avould be, minus at leapt two
or three of his vessels, and that Spain's
naval power in the Atlantic would be
so broken as to make a complete anni
hilation of her fleet a matter of little
difficulty when Rear-Admiral Samp
son's forces could be brought to
bear against ft.
largest mass meetings ever held at
Cambridge it was voted to send a stand
of colors to the cruiser Harvard, for
merly the American liner New York.
PILOT BOATS TO PUT
INTO PORT AT NIGHT.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Orders have
been issued to the fleet of Sandy Hook
pilots that the pilot boats on the south
ern station off Long Branch, the east
ern station at Fire Island, and the sta
tion boat off Sandy Hook lightship
shall put into Sandy Hook Bay every
night at dark and remain anchored un
til daylight. It is feared that in the
event of the Spanish fleet falling in
with one of the pilot boats the Spanish
would take possession of the pilots and
compel them to navigate the hostile
fleet.
SOLDIERS UNDER ARMS
TO QUELL RIOTERS.
Number of Persons Killed in Italian
Towns While Clamoring for
Bread. -
ROME, May 4. — Bread riots have
broken out at Molfa. in the province of
Molfa. and seven persons have been killed
and sixty wounded.
Owing to the Government stopping the
news, it is impossible to ascertain the
exact number of the killed in the riots,
but it is believed the number already
reaches thirty. General Pollicux, the
Minister of War, has permission to pro
claim a state of siege, if necessary. Four
thousand men have been called under
arms to-night to re-enforce the garrison.
Pennsylvania's Enrollment.
MOUNT GRETNA, Pa., May 4.— The
formal enrollment of the Pennsylvania
militiamen for the volunteer service of
the United States was completed to
day. As near as can be approximated
at present over 90 per cent of the en
tire National Guard of the State volun
teered. In the three brigades 8546 offi
cers and men faced the inspector-gen
eral and Governor Hastings and staff,
and 7779 of these volunteered. The Na
tional Guard was formed upon the field
by regiments and each officer and man
was asked individually whether he
would enlist.
Enlistment of Volunteers.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The enlist
ments in the volunteer army the first
two days during which this was in
progress amounted only to something
over 700. More than one hundred of
these were officers and the greater part
of them surgeons, which accounts
for the limited number mustered in.
Six hundred privates have so far been
enlisted. With the surgeons qualified
to examine the soldiers, rapid progress
with the regular enlistment work is
looked for.
First Apricot Shipment.
WINTERS. May 4.— The first box of
apricots shipped from California this sea
son was sent from Winters to-day from
the orchard of G. W. Hinclay.
Advances made on furniture and plar.oa. with
or without removal. J. N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
{THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
FAREWELL TO
THE GUARDS
Los Angeles Will Bid Its
Soldier Boys God
speed.
Civic Bodies and Citizens to
Escort Them to the
Train.
Irish Societies of the Southern City
Offer to Organize a
Regiment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Amid flow
ers and tokens of admiration, respect
and esteem the Seventh Regiment of
the National Guard will leave Los An
geles on Friday morning at 7 o'clock to
enter the service of its country. The
final telegraphic order came to Briga
dier-General Last this evening. The
regiment, under command of Colonel J.
jR. Berry, will proceed to San Fran
cisco. It includes the companies of
Redlands, Riverside, San Bernardino,
Santa Ana, Pomona, Pasadena, Ven
tura and Santa Paula and three com
panies in this city.
As soon as definite Intelligence reach
ed here that the regiment was to move
arrangements were perfected to give
the boys a royal send-off on the occa
sion of their departure.
Secretary Zeehandelaar of the Mer
! chants' and Manufacturers' Association
' has taken the lead. The association
! will turn out, as well as a battalion of
\ police and firemen and members of
' various other local organizations. There
I will be thousands of people at the dfe
pot to see the Seventh Regiment started
i on its way.
At a meeting of Irish societies to
■ night William Alexander Ryan, county
president of the Ancient Order of Hi
1 bernians, received a United States tlag
which the society had been voted at
; the Cathedral fair, and Judge Ryan was
directed to communicate with Governor
Budd and to offer the services of a
regiment made up from Irish societies.
A resolution to this effect was unani
mously adopted.
PALO ALTO, May 4.— The Stanford
squad of student volunteers who have
enlisted in Company X, First Regiment,
N. G. C, will leave to-morrow for the
Presidio, where they will be put
through a physical examination. Those
accepted will begin hard drilling with
the hope of being ordered into active
service. All day long the soldier boys
were engaged in bidding farewell to
members of the faculty and fellow
students.
CARSON, May 4. — Nevada's volun
teer mounted riflemen have been or
dered with the Second United States
Cavalry, under Captain Torrey. The
point of mobilization will be Carson.
Volunteers are pouring in from all por
tions of the State. They will go into
encampment to-morrow morning.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. May 4.— The Santa
Fe to-night took from Prescott 200
volunteers, who have been ordered to
report at San Antonio.
STOCKTON, May 4.— Lieutenant-
Colonel Johnson, in command of the
Sixth Regiment, N. G. C, has received j
orders to report at headquarters in San j
Francisco to-morrow. It is understood j
that he gc-es to take part in a consulta
tion as to the selection of the remain-
Ing two battalions to fill out Califor
nia's infantry quota. The First and
Seventh Regiments were the only ones j
coming up to the requirements of the j
United States army as to the number \
of companies. The First and Second j
Brigades being represented by these ■
two regiments, it is believed here that I
the other battalion will be taken from
the Third Brigade.
SAN DIEGO, May 4.— Three compa
nies of minute men were organized in
this city this evening. The-<- are in
tended to take the place of the National
Guard, which is to leave the city for
San Francisco. Company A chose
Ed Fletcher as captain, Company B
elected P. Guinn, and Company C J. T.
Weldon. Company F, recently formed
at Chula Vista, chose C. H. Stuart as
captain. These companies give San
Diego and vicinity 200 minute men.
Company B has just received orders
from Colonel J. R. Berry, commanding
the Seventh Regiment, to take the 1:45
train for San Francisco to-morrow.
AWAITS THE ARRIVAL
OF THE NEW ORLEANS.
Flying Squadron Will Go to Sea
Within the Next Twenty-Four
Hours.
ON BOARD THE FLAGSHIP
BROOKLYN, OFF FORT MONROE,
OLD POINT COMFORT, Va., May 4.—
It is the general expectation here that
the flying squadron will go to sea with
in twenty-four hours, or as soon as the
j cruiser New Orleans arrives.
Commodore Schley has been notified
that the cruiser Columbia has been de
tached from the squadron and that the
New Orleans will take her place. So
i far as fighting ability is concerned the
i New Orleans is superior to the Colum
bia, being more heavily armed and
without so much freeboard and upper
works to serve as a target. The Mm
I neapolis has not yet been officially de
tached and may yet be in the squad
ron. The squadron is now accompa
nied by a first-class tug for dispatch
and water purposes and the collier
Sterling.
On the ships to-day fire and com
| mission drills occupied the time of the
I crews.
SAN FRANCISCO CASTS
ANCHOR OFF BOSTON.
Thought to Have a Spanish Prize
Caught in Northern.
Waters.
BOSTON, May 4.— A large : warship
supposed to be the San Francisco was
sighted about five miles off Boston
Light this evening. She displayed
many lights t and came to . ar :hor well
out. Entrance to : the harbor was > not
made owing to the, danger at night
from the newly laid mines. It was per
sistently rumored that a number of
persons , distinctly, perceived ia i prize
under the wing of the I man-of-war, but
owing to. the darkness and the distance
from shore this could not be confirmed.
Ii view of the published -rtories of the
hearing of i heavy firing ' off - the : coasts
of Rhode : Island > and , Maine recently,
h -ever, this is not improbable.
.-■■:-,: :,,.;.. :,,-__—• — . ..
Guarding Against Spies.
ALBANY, N. V., May 4.— Governor
Black has authorized the Aqueduct
Commissioners of New York to appro
priate 100 special deputies to guard the
Croton Aqueduct, so as to prevent any
attempts that might be made by Span
ish spies to blow up the same and
thereby cripple the water supply of
New York.
TRANSFER OF
THE ISLANDS
Nothing Known Officially
of Dole's Alleged
Offer.
Minister Hatch Declares That
Hawaii Is Ready to Cast Its
Lot With Uncle Sam.
But It Is Vet to Be Seen Whether the
Offer Would Be Accepted Even
as a "War Measure."
Special DisDatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent, telegraphs:
Dispatches from Honolulu, published
this afternoon, stating that President
Dole has offered to transfer the Ha
waiian Islands to the United States
have caused considerable speculation
among members of Congress and dip
lomatic correspondents. Up to a late
hour to-night no official confirmation of
the news had been received by the
State Department or Minister Hatch.
When I saw Minister Hatch this even
ing he said:
"I have received no dispatches from
my Government relating to President
Dole's offer to raise the stars and
stripes over Hawaii, but I have no
doubt that the news is true. All of
ficial communications to me come
through the hands of the Hawaiian
Consul-General in San Francisco. They
are enclosed in his mail pouch and are
opened by him and forwarded by tele
graph. Under these circumstances It
is hardly probable that I would receive
any official news before to-morrow, at
the earliest. Although I have no of
ficial information I can say that Pres
ident Dole's reported action is certain-,
ly in line with the policy of my Gov
ernment and goes to show that should
it come to a question of declaring neu
trality or assisting this country in the
war with Spain, Hawaii is willing and
anxious to cast its lot with Uncle
Sam."
Mr. Hatch also said that there was
a large supply of c>°i at Honolulu
\vhich could at once be put at the dis
posal of American warships should this
Government accept President Dole's of
fer and annex the islands.
Upon the question concerning the
probable procedure which would follow
the receipt of an offer from the Ha
waiian Government to transfer the isl
ands to the United States, an official
of the State Deparrment said to-night:
"Should the news from Honolulu prove
correct the matter will at once be re
ferred to Congress. The President has
no authority to conclude the treaty or
to accept President Dole's offer with
out the consent of the Senate ana
House. Should the offer come in the
form of a treaty it is hardly probable
that it would pass the Senate, as even
under the present conditions and realiz
ing the necessity of a coaling station
in the Pacific, there is considerable op
position among those Senators who op
posed the action lust fall."
Senator Hawley, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, said
when I saw him to-night that he was
highly in favor of accepting the isl
ands.
"Just at present," said Senator Haw
ley, "I am up to my eyes in military
! matters and have not given much at
j tention to Hawaiian matters, but I can
say that I am in favor of getting Ha
waii any way we can, and should ths
news publishod this afternoon provn
correct and the matter come before tha
Senate, I shrill certainly vote to accept
President Dole's offer. If President
Dole has made a definite offer to trans
fer the islands to the United States as
a war measure the subject when placed
before Congress will require but a ma
jority vote, which is easily attainable."
JOINT RESOLUTION
TO ANNEX HAWAII.
How Representative Newlands Would
Have Uncle Sam Take and Kan
age the Islands.
WASHINGTON, May 4.—Representa
tive Newlands of Nevada hnp intro
duced a joint resolution for t he annex
i. of Hawaii. It provides for the
confirmation of the cession by the Ha
waiian requblic of all rights of sover
eignty over the islands, their depen
dencies an -agsion and '-"-ifer to
the United States of all public property
and of its rights and appurtenances,
assuming the Hawaiian public debt to
not exce-d $4,000,000; prohibits further
i- nigration of Chinese and appoints
five commissioners, at least two of
whom shall be r< 'ents of Hawaii, to
recommend necessary legislation.
The resolution declares the islands
and th 'r dependencies "hereby an
nexed as a part of the territory of the
United Statt-s and subject to the bov
erei n dominion thereof."
Special laws are to be enacted
by Congress for the disposition of
public lands and all revenues or
proceeds thfrefrom, except lands
used or occupied for civil military or
naval purposes o f t ne United States,
or local "iiveniiTient use, are to be used
solely for the . enefit of Hawaiian in
habitants for .jucational or other pur
poses. Pending Congressional pro
v' *ion frr the government of the isl
ands, the present Government officers
of Hawaii are to continue under the
direction of the President of the United
States, subject »« removal by him.
Existing Hawaiian treaties with
other countries are to terminate im
mediate 1 - being replaced by those be
tween the Unite '. States and foreign
nations. Mv cj al legislation of the
islands unless enacted for the fulfill
ment of the treaties extinguished or
contrary to our constitution remain in
force until otherwise determined. Pend
ing legislation extending our customs
laws, the existing customs relations of
the islands remain unchanged. The
assumption of üblic debt lawfully ex
isting at the date of the passage of the
resolution includ r » mounts due to de
positors in the Hawaiian postal sav
ings bank, the Hawaiian Government,
however, continuing to -ay the interest
on the debt while the existing Govern
ment and its commercial relations are
continued. The Chinese exclusion para
graph prohibits the admission of Chi
nese into .he United States from Ha
waii. To carry out the resolution
$100,000 is appropriated.
Oklahoma's Troop.
GUTHRIE, May 4.— The mustering In
of Oklahoma's troop of cavalry for
Colonel Wood's regiment of plainsmen
was completed to-day and Lieutenant
Capron will depart for San Antonio
with the eighty troopers to-morrow.
Only the pick of the volunteers were
taken and many of the rejected men
are making application to Governor
Bates for transportation to Tampa, de
claring their intention to go to Cuba
and join the insurgents.
URGES LOYALTY
TO THE KING
Striking Speech by the
Weylerite Leader at
Madrid.
Says All Classes Should Join
in the Defense of the
Fatherland.
Autonomy for Cuba Decided to Be a
Farce and Erroneous From
the Start
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, May 4.— ln a striking
speech in Parliament to-day Romero
Robledo, leader of the Weylerites, said
Cuban autonomy was a farce, and
called on all classes of Spaniards to de
fend King and fatherland against
Spain's international enemy.
Public attention centered again to
day in the Congress (lower house of
Parliament). There was a repetition
of the great crowds of yesterday, the
police and civil guards, besides the se
cret police, mingling with the people.
The galleries of the house were packed
and many ladies were present. Several
prominent Senators occupied seats be
side Deputies on the floor of the cham
ber.
Senor Reverter, Minister of Finance
in the Canovas Ministry, and the hero
of the excommunication incident last
autumn, defended the memory and pol
icy of Senor Canovas.
Senor Canalejas. editor of El Heraldo,
replying, dwelt upon the "weakness and
vacillatlo nof the Government of Cano
vas, which fostered Yankee boldness."
The principal speech was delivered by
Senor Romero y Robledo, former Min
ister of Justice and leader of the Wey
lerite party, who maintained that
America fostered the Cuban rebellion
and "meant war from the commence
ment." Senor Moret's policy of auton
omy he characterized as a farce and as
absolutely erroneous. As for the Cu
bans, he declared they did not desire
autonomy, and as for the rebels, that
they never intended to accept It.
"The present conflict," he continued,
"proves the real intentions of the Yan
kees. Spain must now face her Inter
national enemy, and she should not
waste a single peseta to give the Cu
bans autonomy, which would be a step
toward independence. It requires the
energy of all classes to defend the King
and the fatherland."
In the course of the debate a formal
promise was made on behalf of the old
Conservatives to support the Govern
ment while the present situation con
tinues.
DEMOCRATS OPPOSE
THE BOND ISSUE.
One Feature of the War Revenue Bill
That Causes Considerable Trouble
in Committee.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The Senate
Committee on Finance, which was in
session the greater part of the day, de
voted itself principally to a discussion
of the bond provision of the war reve
nue bill.
The Democrats contended that the
feature could and - hould be dispensed
with, while the Republicans held that
a bond issue was necessary to cary an
the war. The Den. -crats will formally
suggest some substitute proposition
within a day or two. Whether their
plan will meet success in committee will
depend upon .he vote of Senator Jones
of Nevada, who holds the balance of
power. The Democrats feel confident
that they will have his vote, but the
Republicans do not concede this. They
say, however, that if the bond provis
ion is stricken out in committee it will
be restored in the Senate, and they ap
peal to the Democrats to allow the bill
to be reported without its elimination
on the grmind that it affords the only
feasible means of raising immediate
funds for the prosecution of the war.
The members of the committee do not
expect to conclude their work before
the end of the week.
PRISONERS TAKEN
TO FORT MPHERSON.
Spanish Captives to Be Held There
Until Exchanged or the War
Ends.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Secretary
Alger has directed that the ten Span
ish officers and the ten privates and
non-commissioned officers taken from
the Spanish steamer Argonauta, and
now at Key West, be taken to Fort
McPherson, Just outside of Atlanta,
Ga., for confinement until they are
either exchanged for any American of
ficers and soldiers who may be taken
by the Spaniards, or until some other
method for their disposition is reached.
The Spaniards will be placed under the
guard of a detachment of soldiers de
tailed for that purpose.
The civilians taken from the Spanish
steamer Panama are held at Key West
and are under the charge of the De
partment of Justice. It is expected
that most of them will be held as wit
nesses before the prize court which is
to determine the disposition of the
Panama.
GUILTY OF DRUNKENNESS
AND NEGLECT OF DUTY.
Passed Assistant Surgeon Olcott of
the Mohican Disgraced.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Passed As
sistant Surgeon Frederick W. Olcott,
attached to the United States steam
ship Mohican, at Honolulu, was con
victed by a general courtmartial of
drunkenness, neglect rf duty and viola
tion of naval regulations regarding the
ship's medical journal, and sentenced
to lose six numbers in his grade and be
suspended from duty for one year on
one-half shore duty pay.
Rear Admiral Miller, commanding the
Pacific station, by whom the court
martial was appointed, approved the
sentence of the court, with the remark
that it was inadequate to the offenses
of which the officer had been found
guilty, but that the exigencies of the
service prevented the return of the
record to the court for a revision of the
sentence. The trial of this officer took
place at Honolulu, and several members
of the court were attached to the
cruiser Baltimore when she was ordered
to join Commodore Dewey on the
Asiatic station.
Bernabe to Return Home.
TORONTO, Ont., May 4.— Senor Polo
y Bernabe expects to leave here for
Madrid Friday. Senor Polo denies that
Senor Anguilo is in constant communi
cation with General Blanco in Cuba by
way of Toronto and the Spanish, lega
tion here, and denies also the statement
that he furnishes the home Government
with information of movements of Am
erican warships and troops.
SAMPSON
GETS NEWS
OF HAVANA
Return of Agent Thrall,
Who Escapes From the
Beleaguered City.
At First the Spaniards Were Panic-
Stricken by the Fleet's Ap
pearance, but Now Think
They Are Safe.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT SOMERS N.
SMITH, off Havana, via Key West,
May 4.— Admiral Sampson to-day re
ceived detailed news from inside the
beleaguered city of Havana, when at
noon Charles Thrall was transferred
from the Wilmington to the flagship off
the Cuban coast. Thrall, acting as
agent for the United States Govern
ment, went to Havana on the bark
Matanzas the day after General Lee ar
rived in Key West. He was manager
for the electric light works at Regla,
opposite Havana, and long had been
a resident of the Cuban capital^ well
known as an American and cuban'sym
pathizer.
That he escaped and is now safe on
the flagship is due to his Yankee wit.
He was picked up at 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon by the Wilmington at
Bacuranao, seven miles east of Ha
vana. He told Admiral Sampson some
important news relative to changes in
the guns at the Cojimar and Reina bat
teries, which increased their strength
as well as widening the fighting radius
of the guns. I talked at length with
Thrall on the Wilmington this morning
when she lay ten miles east of Havana
and five miles off the coast. He gave
me the first news from Havana and its
anxious people since the Herald-Call
dispatch boat Dewey spoke the English
steamer and obtained news of the situ
ation from Mr. Rolfe, manager of the
dry dock there.
The uneasiness of the people, which
becomes more serious daily, is being
kept below a popular outbreak by the
presence of a large force of troops.
The Spanish say they have 100,000 men,
counting volunteers and those who man
batteries, but Thrall, whom I know well
and whose Judgment is good, says he
believes there are no more than 50,000
in the city available at an hour's no
tice.
"Havana," Thrall said to me when
I congratulated him on his escape, '"is
eager for war. The opinion of the com
mon people there now is that the Amer
icans are afraid to engage the shore
batteries. The truth about the Matan
zas affair is not generally known, and
the papers that would have printed the
REGULARS
AVAILABLE.
Troops Ready to Be Sent
to Assist Dewey If
They Are Needed.
However, If Soldiers Are Dis
patched the Force Will Be
Largely of Volunteers.
Question of Furnishing Arms and
Supplies to Cubans Is Now Being
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 4.
Should it be decided finally by the
President to send troops to assist Com
modore Dewey to hold Manila, the War
Department officials say that the small
number of regular soldiers available
are ready to move. It is thought, how
ever, that if troops are sent they will
be made up largely from the volunteer
forces that already could be concen
trated at San Francisco from various
States west of the Rocky Mountains.
Such regular troops as might be avail
able are several. companies of the Four
teenth Regiment of Infantry, stationed
at Vancouver Barracks (the larger por
tion of this regiment being in Alaska),
the Eighth Cavalry at Fort Meade, S.
D., the Fourth Cavalry, some of which
are at Vancouver Barracks and others
in California, and the Third Artillery,
also located on the coast. It is be
lieved, however, that the officials would
be disinclined to part with the artillery,
as it may be needed for the defense
of the Pacific Coast and they do not
think it likely that cavalry would be
sent, because of the great expense en
tailed in the shipment of the horses
and the lack of transportation facili
ties.
The Senate Committee on Military
Affairs gave some attention to-day to
the Question of furnishing arms and
other supplies to the Cubans. This is
a matter that involves delicate points,
and is giving the committee some con
cern, but the probability is that action
will be taken soon, as no distribution
would be legal unless authorized by
Congress. The bill before the commit
tee authorizes American officers in
eomrmyid to make the distribution pro
posed. A conference with the House
Committee has been arranged on the
bill providing for engineers and yellow
fever immunes to go to Cuba, Ths
Senate conferees will insist on a con-
Bad Pay and Hard Work.
Th« bad pay and hard work of trained
nurses has often been made the subject of be
nevolent remonstrance by eminent medical
men and non-professional philanthropists. It
is well for an invalid, before he gets so bad as
to need a nurse or doctor, to use Hoetetter's
Stomach Bitters if he has chills and fever,
constipation, rheumatism, dyspepsia and nerv
ousness. Use It regularly.
facts, notably La Lucha, have been
closely watched by the censor and per
mitted to publish only such a story of
the bombardment as would give the im
pression the ships were beaten off by
the batteries.
"When the fleet first arrived off Ha
vana the city was panic stricken, and
the people, hurrying hither and thither,
told >ne another with white faces that
the hated Yankees had lined up for ac
tion and shells would be exploding in
the Prado before sunset. The failure to
bombard at once had the effect of re
storing confidence to some extent, and
was accepted as evidence of the whole
some fear of the shore batteries, and
after the squadron had moved up and
down for forty-eight hours without fir
ing a gun the tide of popular feeling be
gan to set strongly for war. When I
left Havana yesterday at noon the city
was sick with suspense due to the men
ace of Sampson's guns and praying for
a finish of some kind. There is no dis
guising the fact that the popular feel
ing in Havana is that Spain will win.
"You ask me what the people are do
ing. If I were to tell you the first
answer to that question which sug
gests itself I should say 'Cursing the
Yankees.' Havana life is one long
vigil. The piers looking seaward are
thronged by thousands, who strain
their eyes to follow the mysterious evo
lutions of our ships in the offing, and
who believe a bombardment is about
to begin every time two of the war
vessels are visible broadside on. Fifty
times a day there are some rumors
about the American ships, that travel
through the city, and the anxious pop
ulation start from their houses to gaze
seaward, only to learn that the bom
bardment is still a menace and not a
fact. They work all day on the bat
teries, and in one instance on the Reina
battery they worked all night."
Mr. Thrall added that, in spite of the
incessant work on the batteries, no
more big high-power modern rifles had
been added, and apparently none would
be, unless Spain succeeded in carrying
eastward those from Cienfuegos. The
work of mounting those will necessar
ily be long and difficult. Many small
guns have bt-en mounted, however,
especially to the westward of Santa
Clara battery, upon Vedado, the idea
being apparently to make every effort
to prepare the city to oppose any land
ing.
solidation of all the measures authoriz
ing several forces, including cowboys,
immunes and engineers, so as to make
the total number 16,000, and to leave
the distribution of them to the Presi
dent.
Gladstone's Strength Declines.
LONDON, May s.— The Daily Chronicle
says this morning: Mr. (Gladstone's
strength steadily declines, though thero
is. we believe, no prospect of an imme
diate end. He is confined to his room.
Now and then his mind reverts to criti
cal periods in his career and to the legis
lation which coat him the most anxiety,
but the main thing that fills his thoughts
is religion, and he speaks of his death
as his call.
. HIS
4
Weakness is visible. Never deceive
yourself. The world recognizes a weak-
ling. You do not hide your follies. But
why be considered only a half man when
it is certain that you should be in posses-
sion of all your faculties? Shiver and
shake as you may, it is as certain as that
twenty-four hours make a day that you
might be strong ; you might be a whole
man and a good one if you would but
make an effort. Will you do it? Some
20,000 or more men on this continent
have got out of the rut of despair, and
they now thank "Hudyan," the great
remedio-treatment of the Hudsonian In-
stitute, for their recovery. It is your
OWN
Choice in the matter. Is not manliness
better than puniness 7 Is not a refresh-
ing night's sleep to be preferred to one
crossed by disturbing dreams? Would
it not be wise to get rid of those shaking,
those weak and quivering limbs? Think
for once. "Hudyan" has made a world-
wide name. It is no experiment. Ask
for free circulars and testimonials telling
you all about it. You can then see for
yourself what it has done. Are you ;
afraid to believe one man? Very well. '
The testimony comes from every State
:in he Union. It is direct. It is to the
point. Ask for it and see for yourself.
An d when you write or call at the Insti-
tute you must remember that the chief j
consulting physician is your friend and!
not your
If you notice any sign of blood taint
ask for "30-day blood cure" circulars.
They are ": free as air. All poison 13
promptly, driven from the system. Ter-
tiary . and ( secondary, as well as primary;
cases yield at once. .
■ ■■'.' __ n
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET BTS.,
v San Francisco, Cal.SPANISH PRIZE
TO BE CAPTURED
OFF BARBADOES
Several of Sampson's Vessels Are
Sent to Take the Trans
port Ship Alfonso XIII.
NEW YORK, May 4.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Spain's transport ship, the Alfonso XIII, conveying to Havana 1100 sol
diers, a large quantity of supplies and nearly a half-million dollars,
will soon be a prize of United States men-of-war. This is the con
fident prediction of officials of the Navy Department, and is based upon
instructions given to-day to Rear-Admiral Sampson, commander-in
chief of the North Atlantic squadron, informing him of the arrival of
the enemy's transport at Barbadoes and directing him to take imme
diate steps to effect her capture.
In pursuance of these instructions, it is believed, Rear-Admiral
Sampson has dispatched several vessels to Barbadoes to lie outside the
three-mile limit and await the departure of the Spanish steamer. The
British Government, whose flag flies over Barbadoes, will limit the
length of stay of the Alfonso XIII in the harbor to forty-eight hours,
it is expected, by which time American men-of-war will be cruising
in the vicinity of those islands.
Besides communicating with Rear-Admiral Sampson in regard to
the capture of the Alfonso XIII, instructions were given to the Amer
ican Consul in Barbadoes to report to the Department of State the
time of the departure of the Spanish vessel, and it is expected that he
wUI make every effort to obtain information as to whither she is
bound.
In naval circles it is believed the AlfoMso XIII has gone Into Bar
badoes for coal. Great Britain will permit the vessel to take on board
sufficient coal to enable her to reach her nearest home port, which, in
this case, is San Juan, Porto Rico.
The Alfonso XIII is an auxiliary cruiser and Is armed with five
6-inch Honoria guns. Naval officers say, however, they have no doubt
that, when under the guns of an American protected cruiser, she un
doubtedly could be made to surrender without much difficulty.
IS RECEIVED
WITH CHEERS
News of the Promotion of
Army Officers Very-
Agreeable.
Boys in Blue Greatly Pleased
by Advancement of Gen
erals and Colonels.
Graham, Coppinger, Snyder and
Hawkins Receive an Ovation
hrura the Regulars.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ATLANTA, Ga., May 4.— General
Graham, who was to-day made a ma
jor-general, received the news of his
advancement becomingly. During the
afternoon he was congratulated by the
officers of the department and many ;
prominent people. The general will be '
retired on the age limit in about five
months.
MOBILE. Ala.. May 4.— News of the
promotion of Brigadier General Cop
pinsrer to be major general and Colonel
Snyder and Colonel Hawkins of the
Nineteenth and Twentieth to be briga
diers was welcomed with shouts in
camp this afternoon. General Coppin
ger took his honors modestly, saying
that he was plenpo- but that his pleas
ure for himself was nothing like that
he felt in knowing that his able officers,
Pnyder and Hawkins, had received de-
Berved promotion. All the officers pres
ent at headquarters shook hands with
the general and congratulated him.
Major Pond carried the news to the
promoted colonels, and when it was re
ceived cheers were loud and frequent.
Half an hour later the band of the
Nineteenth drew up in front of Snyder's
tent and serenaded him. He made a
little speech to the boys, thanking them
fir the compliment and their manifes
tation of good will.
The average marrying age of a French
man is 30 years.
NEW GENERALS
IN DECIDEDLY
WARLIKE MOOD
Sewell Would Seod Troops to
Cuba at Or)ce and Destroy
Spaio's Navy In)n)ediately.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Washington correspor '.ent of the Herald
says: In electing his major-generals of volunteers President McKin
ley has taken one i xn from each house of Congress. Senator V'illiam
J. Sewell of New Jersey was a gallant officer of volunteers on the
Northern side during the Civil War. Representative Joseph Wheeler
of Alabama, -who resigned from the regular army to enter tho Confed
erate service, became a distinguished cavalry leader of the South. Both
are now ready to fight for the reunited countr- in any position to
which th<-y may be assigned.
"I think the way t end the war and end it speedily,' General
Sewell said to me, "is to send at once some 15,000 or 20,000 troops to
Cuba. They could be landed and could carry arms for the insurgents.
They could be protected by the ships until they had fortified their
base of operations; then I am certain they would be able to, protect
themselves with the assistance of insurgents from Spanish assaults. I
think the troops ought to go at once because a month from new the
health conditions will be more serious than they r_re at present, but if
our troops should be entrenched unon a hill there would be little danger
from yellow fever. If they were sent immediate^ also they would
have time to become acclimated."
"Would ou have 10.000 immunes and 5000 regulars?" I asked.
"No," was the positive reply. "I would have them all regulars. The
Immunes cannot be mustered In, organized, clothed and equipped for
some time. They are in no way available for the present service,
and it is immediate action that in my judgment Is required. The regu
lars are ready to move at a moment's notice."
"And Adr. fral Sampson's fleet?"
"The fleet could go out and meet the Spanish squadron. The de
struction of Spain's navy Is absolutely necessary. We ought to wipe
her flag off the seas. After that peace will be in sight."
General Wheeler was very busy to-day accepting congratulations
of his Congressional and other friends upon his appointment to be/
major-general of volunteers. When he entered the room of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means, which committee was in session this morn
ing, he was greeted with hearty applause.
"Are you all ready to go to the Philippines, general?" asked Chair
man Dingley.
"Yes," replied General Wheeler, "but I would much rather go to
Cuba. I could get there quicker."
INDORSED BY
THE BISHOPS
Methodist Episcopal Lead
ers Uphold President
McK.inley's Course.
Confidence Expressed in the
Wisdom and Ability of the
Chief Executive.
Loyal Support Promised and Hearty
Thanks Rendered for tha Vic
tory at Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBION, Mich., May 4.— The bishops
of the Methodist Episcopal Church
who are holding the board's semi-an
nual session in Albion sent the follow
ing resolutions to President. McKinley:
Whereas, Our nation is engaged in a
war for the rescue of the victims of the
Spanish oppression and cruelty in Cuba,
and for the vindication of our national
rights and honor; and
Whereas, Our chief executive wisely
and patiently, but in vain, sought to
avoid an appeal to arms; and whereas,
in the strife thus forced upon us the Gov
ernment is moving with unsurpassed
patriotism and vigor; therefore.
Resolved. That we, the board of Bishops
of the Methodist Episcopal Church, in our
regular semi-annual session assembled,
express our confidence in the wisdom,
ability and exalted character of President
McKinley, and assure him of the sym
pathy, support and prayers of our people
everywhere.
Resolved, That we render most hearty
thanks to God for the victory he has
vouchsafed to our arms at Manila and
that we congratulate our navy upon this
magnificent achievement.
Bishops Bowman, Andrews, Foss,
Hurst, Ninde, Mallalieu, Fowler, Vin
cent, Joyce. McCabe, Hartsell and Fitz
gerald are in attendance.
With Deans for Governor.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., May 4.— The Pop
ulist State convention to-day nominated
a full State ticket with G. B. Deans for
Governor.
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
TRADE WITH
PHILIPPINES
Consul Williams Reports
on the Growing Exports
of the Islands.
United States Receives More
Than All Other Nations
Combined.
Being on tho Flagship Olympia tht?
Consul May Soon Send Informa
tion to State Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, May 4.
The understands .. at the State De
partment is that CYusul Oscar F. Wil
liams, our representative at Manila
until the recent war be^an. is now
aboard the flagship Olympia in Manila
harbor, having accompanied Dewey
from Hongkong, so that advices may
come from him to the State Depart
ment as well as from Commodore
Dewey to the Navy Department.
A mail report from Consul Williams
reached the State Department recently
under the date of Manila; February 28
last. It gives a full description of the
Philippine Islands, their resources,
growth of American trade, etc., and
will be incorporated > the next volume
issued by the bureau of statistics of
the State Department.
In this report Mr. Williams states
that twenty-two consulates, represent-,
ing the leading commercial countries
of the world, are established at Manila.
He adds the surprising statement,
"The volume of the export trade com
ing under my official supervision
equals that of my twenty-one consular
colleagues combined." He the- shows
In detail how the trade of the Philip
pines with the United States exceeds
that of all other countries combined
and Is growing at a rapid rate. as
indicating the extent of this trade he
says:
"To-day I have authenticated In
voices for export to the United States
amounting to $138,065." He says the
exports of this country a- erage $1,000,
000 a month. The report states that
£16,000 bales -of hemp were exported
during the last three months. Of
these 138,782 went to the United States
and 77,000 to Great Britain and other
countries. Mr. Williams shows from
this that the United States " d 64 per
cent of the trade from the Philippines
as against 36 per cent for Great Britain
and other countries. He said that last
year the increase of shipments to the
United States was 133.000 bales and the
decrease of Great Britain 22,000 bales.
He adds: "Of the increase of ship
ments from the Philippines those to the
United States were 54 er cent greater
than to all other countries combined."
He also gives details of the large
shipmenjs of sugar, cigc:-s. tobacco,
hides, shells, indisro and coffee. In the
item of sugar, which is second In im
portance, the Fb ->ments to the United
States were 55 pl?r cent of the total to
all points. ___________^
MALICE OF
SPANIARDS
Outrageous Attack of a
Malaga Mob Upon an
English Yacht.
Wilkinson's Lady of Clemiel
Stoned by Howling Castil
ians and Cast Adrift.
Complaint Has Been Made and Great
Britain May Call Down the
Madrid Government.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May 4.— 1 drew atten
tion two days ago to the anti-English
sentiment shown in Spain. The British
yacht Lady of Clemiel, owner Mr. Wilk
inson, arrived here this morning, hav
ing received outrageous treatment in
the harbor of Malaga, the same place
whence Mr. Batleman, United States
Consul, wrote a few weeks ago to Gen
eral "Wood ford in Madrid: "I am writ
ing to you in my private house, be
cause there is too much ventilation in
the Consular office." The reason was
that the people had broken all the win
dows of the Consulate.
When I stepped aboard the yacht the
first thing I noticed was a lot of stones,
such as are used in mending roads,
and bits of tiles, lying on the after
deck. The plate glass window in the
captain's deck cabin was smashed,
leaving a big round hole, through
which a stone had been hurled. There
were also innumerable indentations in
the deck and wood work aft, showing
the force with which the stones were
hurled. Here is an account of the inci
dent as related by one aboard:
'•It was half-past 10 last evening
when nearly every one turned in. We
had not intended leaving port till early
this morning, when we heard a great
noise on the wharf to which we were
fastened with a line, having an anchor
out forward. Then came a volley of
stones rattling on the deck. The engin
eer, coming to the head of the Btern
companion way, was wounded on the
hand by a stone, and in less than no
time the crowd, which must have num
bered some 200, cut the stern line. •
"We rang the bell and sounded the
siren in the hope of attracting the at
tention of the authorities, but no one
came. Seeing no help for us, we
steamed straight out of port. The
crowd then made its way to an English
merchantman, one of the Wilson line,
I think, and began to attack it.
"It is impossible that we could have
been mistaken for Americans, because
we had both the ensign an-i burgee fly
ing. We had done absolutely nothing
which could have given offense to the
people."
Mr. Wilkinson was highly Indignant
at the insult and made complaint in the
proper quarter.
Sentiment of Don Carlos.
LONDON, May s.— According to a
dispatch to the Daily Mail from Brus
sels, Don Carlos, in the course of an
interview, has . declared 'that he '. would
not provoke a revolutionary movement
in Spain, but, on : the I contrary, , would
prevent, .if need be, any Carlist agita
tion while the war continues. : .
■ ■ . •■■■■;■'■■ ■ m ■ — — . . '"■ ''I
Advances made on furniture and pianos, . with
or without removal. 4. Noonaa, lQi7-xo» ittalcn, j
BLANCO IS ON
THE POINT OF
LEAVING HAVANA
Begins to Realize That the Span
iards Cannot Hold the City
Against the Americans.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, May 4.— The Spanish mall found on the captured
steamer Argonauta has, after Inspection by the military authorities,
been forwarded to Washington. Captain-General Blanco is in desper
ate straits. He Is already thinking of abandoning Havana and the
entire eastern part of Cuba, apparently realizing that it will soon be
come untenable. When he appears on the streets Blanco wears his
most brilliant uniform and maintains a bold front, but he knows the
ground is crumbling beneath his feet.
The rich people In Havana are leaving the city whenever they can,
but they are compelled to pay a heavy indemnity for the privilege.
This preference makes the common people angry and riots are sup
pressed with difficulty.
One captured letter from a high official in the autonomist Gov
ernment says the ports of Matanzas and Cardenas have been closed
and mined.
Governor Vasello of Puerto Principe province is constructing has
tily a telegraph line between Havana and Puerto Principe, to be used
for military purposes.
General Marcos Garcia of Santa Clara and the Cuban traitor,
Masso Pana, are organizing guerrilla bands to be utilized against the
United States troops. These bands are to be recruited from the pris
ons of Havana. General Blanco is pardoning all offenders who will
enlist in this semi-barbaric warfare.
The insurgents are unusually active. Last week they attacked the
town of Alfonso, drove in the Spanish garrison and burned several
houses. All the stores In the town were sacked and their contents
carried into the mountains.
MONEY FOR
RED CROSS
Blanco Gives Some of the
Funds Collected for
War Purposes.
The Remainder Is Allotted for
Buying Provisions for
the Army.
On« Havana Paper Draws a Parallel
Between the Taking o! Hawaii
and Cuba.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by Jftmes Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, May 4.— Captain-General
Blanco has employed $140,000, collected
in the last eighteen months for war
purposes, by giving S7OOU to the Red
Cross institution and the remainder for
provisions for the army.
The sugar crop was finished In Ma
tanzas provinces on . oril 28. Three
hundred and eighty-eight bags and
forty-eight hogsheads were received in
Matanzas to-day, the total re
ceived being 503.460 bags. In Cardenas
658 bags were received on April 27 and
128 bags on April 28, and thirty-five
bags were received on the following
day. Up to date the total amount re
ceived in the latter city is 500,351 bags.
El Diario de la Marina this morning
printed abstracts from articles pub
lished in El Pais. subscribed by L. V.
Abad, about annexation to the United
States of the islands of Hawaii, be-
cause the newspaper understands this
case is analogous to the process that
Americans will prosecute with Cuban
affairs in order to snatch this island
from Spain. VA Diario de la Marina
states that since Captain Cook found
the islands in a savage condition Eng
land made her humanitarian and civil
ized influence felt without trying to
take possession of them, by placing the
islands in condition to keep their inde
pendence by means of liberal instruc
tions, with all advantages of self-gov
ernment. The American colony, on the
other hand, since the moment that
trade in those islands was established,
did not cease working to take posses
sion of them. The United States wants
the islands for their ships touching
there as a coaling station.
Case of Smallpox in Camp.
MOBILE, Ala., ,May 4.— A case of
smallpox developed at the camp of the
State volunteers to-day. The victim,
William Eckford, is a railroad man.
His tent and effects have been moved
to the lawn in front of the county .pest
house and all his company have been
isolated a great distance from the main
camp.
CALIFORNIAN
TO COMMAND
A BRIGADE
Maoy Candidates for a Position
to Be Given to a Mao F ror 0
This State.
"WASHINGTON May 44 r — Senator Perkins said to-night that the
appointment of Colonel Thomas M. Anderson of the Fourteenth Infan
try to be a brigadier-general did not preclude the appointment of some
Californian to a brigadiership, as there were yet to be appointed about
eighteen or. twenty brigadiers from civil life. It is understood, how
ever, that political considerations will not influence the President In
making his selections, but they will be appointed upon merit.
Senator Perkins has submitted for the President's consideration the
following: list of Californlans who are candidates: J. S. Gage, San
Jose; Evan Davis, Orange; Theo Reichert, San Francisco; Brigadier-
General Muller. Fresno; Colonel George Stone, San Francisco; Major H.
T. Matthews, Santa Ana; General S. W. Backus, San Francisco: Gen
eral Lionel A. Sheldon. Los Angeles; Hon. Lyman Bridges, Sao Fran
cisco; Captain J. C. Currier, San Francisco; Colonel A. D. Cutler, San
Francisco; Julian L. Waller, San Francisco; General James Coey, San
Francisco; General J. H. Dickinson, San Francisco; Colonel Pa: ;
Henshaw, Chlco; General W. H. H. Hart, San Francisco; General E.
S. Salomon. These names were presented to Senator Perkins by friends
of the various aspirants.
The President is understood to have intimated to Senator Perkins
to-day that it was essential that the California delegation should unite
on some one of the candidates.
This seems to be difficult, however, for as usual the members of
the California delegation, are at loggerheads.
GETTING READY
FOR INVASION
Plans Being Completed at
Tampa for Field
Service.
Arrangements Also Made for
Landing a Large Force
of Native Cubans.
The First Infantry Regiment la Put
Through, the Emergency En
trenchment Drill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAMPA, Fla., May 4.— lt p-pears to
be an almost settled belief among
army officers here that no movement of
United States troops toward Cuba will
take place until after the meeting of
the Spanish fleet with Rear Admiral
Sampson's squadron, whicH is now be
lieved to be inevitable. Nevertheless,
everything possible is being done to put
the United States troops in readiness
for immediate shipment.
Plans for division hospitals and the
allotment of surgeons were practically
completed to-day. The First Infantry,
one of the regi. ;ents which will be
landed in Cuba was put through the
emergency entrenchment drill, throw
ing up entrenchments with tin cups,
| skillets, tin pa\s or whatever was con
venient, and long practice marches in
i heaw marchin™ order were given other
| regiments.
Preparations for the landing of a
large force of native Cubans at some
j point in Cuba within reach of General
| Gomez' army are beinc pushed as fast
!as possible. How large a force it will
ibe is uncertain. The Cuban recruiting
! offices that have been opened here are
j fairly overwhelmed with applicants for
i enlistment, and it is very probable that
close to 1500 men will be armed and
ready for service under the banners of
I Gomez before the end of the week.
Most of the Cubans who are now in the
West Tampa camp have already had
considerable military training. Their
! number is being constantly increased
' by arrivals from New York, Jackson
ville and other recruiting points.
Two or three United States naval
officers thoroughly familiar with the
| Cuban coast are now in Tampa for the
purpose of escorting the Cuban expedi
tion to Cuba and will remain with it
until the junction with Gomez is ef
fected.
Fell Dead at a Fire.
SACRAMENTO, May 4.— The barn of
James A. Clark, a dairyman whose place
is a short distance from the city, caught
fire to-night. While Clark was assisting
in getting out his horses he was over
come by excitement and fell dead. He was
nearly 70 years of age.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
d
IT'S j
YOUR J
KICK j
If the goods you buy from us are in £j
anyway different from what we said }
they should be. We are "waiting for a /
chance to make them right. We buy |
the best. We make the best. We j
sell the best. If we make a mistake |
or you make one we stand ready to |
rectify same, either by an exchange J
of goods or refunding money. j?
OUR %f I
SPECIAL yfY\]
$9.65 (\\ B I
SUIT, ■ Vs i^^i { *
Reduced from fifteen dollars *^*^^^ If J
represents an all-wool gar- II $
ment, latest New York cut, II k
single and double-breasted II 1
sacks and 3-button cut- I / /I
aways, comprising all the II I r
latest colorings in exclusive I I \
designs — Browns, Havana if/ 8
Browns, Grays, Olive, Black, \ ft / Jfl
Blue and Electric Blues. Wp^s-;^^ U
§ MOTHER'S j
PRIDE,
kiHK 1
q)I. Id. I
Navy Blue Suit for boys 4to 1O \
years, made in the reefer style, g
sailor's collar and sleeves ||
trimmed with soutache and Ij
wide Hercules braid. J 1
< For larger boys, age 9 to 14 A
years. These suits are mad© M
up in that jaunty fashionable h
double-breasted style. o
QCp I
Our Fedora, in all colors, / v '-~. \ M
including Black, Brown, - ' niiißllHlnf J
Pearl and Claro, sold for. '^^■BBB^^'^l
less than manufacturer's , S H
price. . w
120 dozen summer weight Balbriggan Underwear - M
Suits, in pink, blue, tan and slate— W
sOc a Suit. I
____^ ——^—^_ _ ____
100 dozen of the latest style Golf and Negligee Shirts, Q
/*% E£>^t "FT 1 q n ln "VVorth |
Z3C IliClUla, double I
Goods cheerfully exchanged or |
money refunded. Is
S. N. WOOD & CO., if
kJ% lit TT .v/.V/'JL^ Wl %r"tj .0
718 Market Street. I
56
THURSDAY MAY 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, M^jTager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
6K AN'CH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street. «pen until
9:30 o'ciocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser."
Columbia— -a Secret Warrant" '
California— Texas Steer."
Alcazar— Gay Parisians-"
Morosco's— "Hearts of New York,"
"Wang."
Tlvoll— Concert this afternoon,
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Schramm, Friday night.
Metropolitan Temple— " Spain As It Is."
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Bop and Pony Show.
Sutro — Swimming.
El Campo— Music dancing boating-, fishing, every Sunday,
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day. May 6. Groceries, at
11512 Hayes street, at 11 o'clock
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, May 9, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
COURTESIES ACKNOWLEDGED.
IT is with more than ordinary gratification The
Call acknowledges the courtesies shown by the
Chronicle and Examiner in holding back their
editions of yesterday morning so that The Call, de
spite the burning of the building in which its press
rooms are located, was able to appear as early as any
of them.
As was stated yesterday, all of our contemporaries
offered the use of their presses, and that of the Chron
icle was accepted. Such acts are amonj the amen
ities that dignify the calling of journalism and set an
example of mutual helpfulness which business rivals
in other professions and trades might do well to
emulate.
The Call presses are now in working order and no
further trouble in the issue of the paper is expected.
In a time comparatively short the press-rooms will be
located in the fire-proof apartments provided in the
Claus Spreckels building, and with the new press
now on the way from New York the printing equip
ment of the paper will be unsurpassed and almost be
yond the reach of accident.
CALIFORNIA'S RESPONSE.
WHILE in many of th- larger States of the
East the call for the National Guard to enlist
in the Volunteer Army for the war with Spain
has been met by more or less wrangling, the response
of California was prompt, direct and patriotic. Ar
rangements for enlistment were made at once, and
yesterday a considerable portion of our guard passed
formally into the service of the nation.
By this action California has won a new distinction
in the sisterhood of States. Her star in this crisis
shines among the brightest in the brilliant galaxy
that illumines the Hag of the republic. She has given
the most striking proof of the ardent patriotism of
her people and has shown that when the call to arms
is heard her volunteers wait not to decide little ques
tions of minor moment, but rally at once to the stan
dard and hasten among the foremost to the front, no
matter in what part of the globe the sound of battle
is heard.
In times gone by there has been much jesting at the
expense of the National Guard. The men who com
pose it have been called "holiday soldiers," and hab
itual satirists have made them the target of whatever
shafts their flagging wit or unflagging mockery could
fashion for use. This raillery is now a thing of the
past. The conduct of the members of the guard re
vealed in the fierce light of war has proven them to
be men of the true heroic breed — worthy descendants
of the generations who won the freedom of the land
from Great Britain and maintained it through the
perilous years of Civil War.
It is time now for Californians who are to remain
at home to manifest their honor for the boys of the
guard who are going to the front. It is no holiday
task for which they have volunteered. They have up
held the credit of the State by the alacrity with which
they have responded to the call of war, and they will
gallantly uphold the nation's honor and cause in the
field. The voices of the old-time satirists will now
be changed to voices of praise or silenced amid the
general acclamations of the people. A grateful na
tion and a proud State will speed the volunteers of
the guard on their march to battle and victory.
It is pleasant to read in a contemporary that its
dispatch boat, the McCulloch, has reached Hong
kong. Here Uncle Sam has been acting just as
though he owned that boat! With all respect for
Uncle, he must be rebuked for such presumption.
Doubtless the contemporary will soon permit us to
know whom it will send on its transport, the Peking,
and how fared its flagship, the Olympia, which its
Special Commissioner Dewey is understood to have
taken recently into a place of danger.
An intelligent jury at Sacramento has exonerated
one Griflfo from blame for the death of another pugil
ist in the ring. Probably the fact that the man died
immediately after having been beaten by GrifTo was
a mere coincidence. GrifTo is hereby congratulated
and counseled to abvet Providence in the killing off
of a few more of his kind.
It is strange that Greeks should want to volunteer
to fight Spain. They must have an idea that war is
always a sprinting match. The old Greek who
caught the Turk at midnight in a guarded tent made
the situation warm for the Turk, but the present
Greek is different.
It is very considerate of Turkey to declare neu
trality, and yet in case of necessity we might have
•yuzglcd along, anyway,
THE POWERFUL MAYOR.
HPHE history of the world proves that whenever
political power is lodged in the hands of an in
* dividual without check or restraint it is gene
rally abused. For ages the people have been strug
gling to wrest from individual potentates power that
has been used to oppress and plunder them. The
Bill of Rights, Magna Charta, the writ of habeas
corpus, trial by jury, an independent judiciary and
the separation of the legislative, judicial and execu
tive functions of government, all signalize triumphs
of the common people over individual tyranny and
what is known in these times as "personal responsi
bility." The work of centuries in behalf of human
liberty is condensed in the American constitution.
The fathers of the great republic justly feared the
power of an unrestrained executive, for they had felt
it and known what it was.
The American President is the British King strip
ped of some of his prerogatives and hedged in by
a popular Legislature. In these days we are accus
tomed to point to the long line of great men who have
ruled over the people for justification of our belief
that it is now safe to trust to the executive arm of the
government powers which were wrested from it only
after years of bloody struggle. The "thinkers" who
in their ignorance do this never stop to ask them
selves why the Presidents and Governors of these
days are mostly honorable men anxious to faithfully
serve their fellows. Were they to do so perhaps they
might change their opinions. Are not the executives
of the nineteenth century the product of restraint? Are
not their moderation and unselfishness due to the
circumstance that they have been unable to abuse
the powers conferred upon them? Is the record they
have made attributable to a change in human nature?
We propound these inquiries, not for the purpose
of making a point against the charter, which is to be
submitted to the people of this city on the 26th of
this month, but for the purpose of precipitating a
thoughtful controversy. Victor Hugo remarked that
the chief safety of communities consisted in their
disposition to pause, scratch their heads and think.
The proposed charter creates a powerful official
called Mayor. He is invested with authority to ap
point a Police and Fire Commission, a Board of
Health, a Board of Education, a Board of Public
Works, a Civil Service Commission and an Election
Commission, and remove them at pleasure. These
boards and commissions will expend two-thirds of
all the money that will be appropriated for conduct
ing the government of this city. No check has been
provided either upon the abuse of this appointing
power or upon the wasteful expenditure of this
money, except the conscience of the man who may be
elected Mayor. Not only may the Mayor remove his
own appointees, but he may suspend elected officials
at his pleasure. In fact, in his hands have been placed
without possible restraint practically all the functions
of government.
The question we desire to see discussed is this:
Are we prepared at this juncture to cast aside the
experience of centuries and create this uncrowned
king to rule over us? Is it possible that the people
of San Francisco have reached a state of political de
crepitude which justifies tliem in abdicating self
government? If they have it ought to be somebody's
duty to lay the facts before them for consideration.
The proposed charter marks a complete swing of the
pendulum of political power. It is a return to the
age of despots and tyrants. It is a confession of re
publican weakness, and if the people adopt it they
will declare their trust in conscience as a substitute
for restraints and checks, without which every gov
ernment on earth has proved a failure.
We say all this because there is a disposition in the
charter discussion so far to ignore the theory upon
which the instrument is framed. Undoubtedly the
charter contains many good things. It would be dif
ficult to frame a municipal organic law which did not
contemplate many necessary reforms. But what
about the theory of individual responsibility which
runs through it from end to end? Is that to be ig
nored while a spirited debate is conducted upon im
material issues?
We are occasionally pointed to the example of New
York. But the charter of that city may be repealed
by the Legislature any day, and the Legislature
meets annually to consider its abuses. Moreover.
Tammany captured New York's Mayor at the first
election, and the vast revenues of that city are now
being expended under the personal direction of Boss
Croker. With them he is rapidly building up a
political oligarchy more powerful than any that has
ever been seen in this country. It seems to us that
it would be well to discuss the "Lord Mayor" of the
charter from the standpoint of experience.
THE CAPTURED COLONIES.
1 N an address delivered on the presentation of a
I battle flag to a company of Indiana volunteers on
* Tuesday ex-President Harrison said: "We may
justly, I think, in the West Indies and in the Far East
ern seas, where our gallant navy has won so splendid
a victory, hold some little unpeopled harbors where
our cruising warships may coal and find a refuge
when in stress."
Mr. Harrison, while not in office, holds so high a
position in the politics of the country that this state
ment may be regarded as a tentative expression de
signed to feel the pulse of the people on the important
and far-reaching question as to what is to be done by
the United States with the Spanish colonies in the
West Indies and in the Orient. Cuba will of course
pass into the hands of the Cubans themselves as soon
as they can organize a government capable of main
taining itself and establishing law, but what shall be
done with Porto Rico and the Philippines?
The latter group involves the more serious ques
tion of the two. In the Philippine archipelago there
are upward of 1200 islands, of which about 400 are
large enough to sustain permanent populations. The
total number of inhabitants of the group is in round
numbers 7,000,000. Of these the greater number are
Malays. There are a few Spanish, hardly more in
dustrious or enterprising than the natives, and the in
dustry and commerce of the group is mainly in the
hands of Chinese.
In 1894 the total imports of the group amounted in
value to $28,530,000, and the exports to $33,250,000/
both measured in Mexican coin, which is the prevail
ing standard of the country. The real wealth of the
islands has, however, never been developed. It is
known that gold and coal exist in the mountains of
some of the larger islands, but they have not been
mined or extensively exploited by reason of a lack of
transportation. In the hands of an energetic race
the group could be made one of the richest colonial
possessions on the globe.
The occupation of a port of refuge and coaling
station in the archipelago by our Government would
inevitably imply an American protectorate over the
whole. Our responsibilities would increase from
year to year, and our exercise of power would have to
increase with them. In colonial affairs as well as in
all other matters in this world the law of evolution
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
prevails. When once a thing has been started it
either advances or retires — dies or grows. Spain's
colonial power is dying; that of the United States
stands waiting the decision of the people in this
crisis.
What shall we do with the Philippines? is a ques
tion whose answer involves not only present condi
tions and American interests, but the whole course of
our future history and the affairs of the world. It is
an issue not to be settled lightly, and it is even pos
sible that the settlement may not be left to our un
trammeled will. It not infrequently happens that
even the greatest and strongest nations are sometimes
compelled by circumstances to go forward when they
would prefer to stand still.
ENCOURAGING HUNTINGTON'S EVA
SION.
rOR three days C. P. Huntington, president of
the Southern Pacific, has been testifying before
the Board of Railroad Commissioners. The
] three days have been wasted. The witness has not
revealed a fact. The questions asked him have been
for the most part wholly irrelevant or concerning
matters already of record and ascertainable by the
i opening of a book.
If some query bordered on practical investigation
Huntington has professed the greatest willingness to
j answer it, has used it as a text to illustrate the gen
j erosity which he frankly acknowledges to have been
j his lifelong inspiration, has taken excursions into the
realm of his own boyhood, and ended by ignoring the
question altogether. He -has simply told the Commis
sioners nothing, has played with them and made their
session a spectacle suggesting comedy. The officials
J have listened patiently to Huntington's assertion, oft
repeated, that he never made money out of California
roads, that he built the transcontinental line at a loss
i never yet made good, that he and his associates are
poor men, continually growing poorer. With all
| reasonable pity for Mr. Huntington's poverty, the
subject has been exhausted.
The public wants to know how much money the
Southern Pacific has expended in the corruption of
legislatures, courts, individuals, newspapers; particu
larly newspapers. There is a burning desire to find
out why for a period of months the Examiner was on
the payroll of the corporation for $iooo monthly. It
is no idle feeling of curiosity which makes the public
yearn for details as to a running account with that
paper amounting to $36,000 and never closed. Was
the sum charged up to loss? Who bore the loss?
The public suspects itself of being the victim. Mr.
Huntington should be asked if the Examiner was
paid by his philanthropic band a trifle of $7000 for the
printing of a speech delivered by Creed Haymond,
and if when the Pattison committee was here the dis
creet silence of Hearst's journal was not purchased
for $5000?
Such are a few of the things Huntington can tell
about fully, and he has expressed a wish to tell all he
knows. Surely the commission does not intend to
deny him the opportunity he craves. Surely it must
be tired of asking him questions which he declines
to answer and to which the answer would be of no
value. So far he has handled them with the ease he
handles his walking-stick. It is their duty, as it
should be their joy, to put to him interrogatories
which cannot be evaded, to bar quibbling, anecdote,
reminiscence, prophecy, and get down to business.
THE OPPOSITION IN CONGRESS.
SEVERAL silver Senators have requested the
President to appoint Mr. William J. Bryan to
a major-generalcy. The President had already
decided to appoint Lee, a Cleveland Democrat and
gold standard man, and General Wheeler, a Bryan
and silver man, to two of the four major-generalcies,
because they arc both men of thorough military train
ing and experience. Only trained soldiers should be
put in such commands, for they have the issue of bat
tles and the fate of thousands in their hands, and no
man inexperienced in tactics should be put in such a
place. It is probable that the application was made
in Bryan's behalf to create a grievance for use as
water on his political wheel. If such is its purpose, it
will fail. The President's perfect impartiality and
non-partisanship in these four appointments will grat
ify the country, and Mr. Bryan's effort to pose as the
Neglected One will fail.
If he burn with ardor to serve his country the ranks
are. open to him. President McKinley enlisted in the
Civil War as a private and fought his way to the post
of major. He supplemented this military service be
ginning in the ranks with thirty years of public serv
ice to his country in civil life before he achieved the
Presidency. The American people are very conserva
tive. They try a man thoroughly before they make
him President. That has been Mr* Bryan's mistake.
He thought that one speech repeated many times
gave him title to the. Presidency. Neither that nor a
major-general's conimission will translate him to that
high seat. If he burn with military zeal let him start
as a private as McKinley did, and if in thirty years
from his enlistment he show qualities deserving such
reward, his countrymen may consider his claims.
While Mr. Bryan is trying to keep up with the
band-wagon and make himself an object of interest,
it is evident that his party in Congress is getting
ready to abandon him. It proposes to seek issues
arising in the preparations for war and the means for
carrying it on.
Mr. J. Hamilton Lewis, who parts his name in the
middle to make up for not parting his hair at all, and
who divides with Bailey, McMillin, Champ Clark
and Bland the preposterous leadership of the House
minority, has made his share of the issue. He pro
poses to read out of the party the six Democrats who
voted for the war revenue bill,* because that bill per
mits the issue of bonds as a popular loan if the ne
cessities of the war require it. The six men who pre
ferred to stand by their country rather than by Mr.
Lewis have calmly requested that gentleman to
go to!
It is evident that these five leaders of the House
minority will each submit an issue. Of course Mc-
Millin's will be free trade, except in such staples as
Tennessee produces. Bland will offer free coinage of
silver at 16 to I, and Champ Clark will simply pro
pose that denunciation of Mr. Cleveland is the way
to bring the Democratic party into power, while Mr.
Bailey will antagonize dress suits.
The new platform will read: "Resolved, That we
support the war, but oppose all means for carrying it
on. Resolved, That under the present administration
the country is going to the devil in a dress suit. Re
solved, That free trade in everything that is not pro
duced by our deestrick is the true American policy.
Resolved, That free coinage of silver at 16 to i will
bring peace by leaving us nothing to fight with,
"D n Cleveland."
On this the five-headed party can go into battle,
but— . .. .
... "The boy, oh, where was he?'* - -'•-- £Js|*
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS
The people of Madrid are a theater- !
going race, and when money was wanted j
recently to buy a new warship, with all j
the modern appliances, for war against
tho United States, it was unanimously re
solved to raise the sum by a big musical i
and dramatic performance at the Theater j
Royal. The continental papers have j
since announced that the receipts of this ,
performance surpassed the record even
of Patti or Melba's big receipts. People
vied with one another in giving high
prices for the seats. The Queen Regent
set the pace by giving $10,000 for her box i
and each of her Ministers gave $1000 for
hla seat, while the banker Larois paid j
$30,000 for one chair in the orchestra stalls, j
Wealthy Countess Cornos paid $20,000 for j
her seat, the Marquis Laguna $5000 and j
the Bank of Spain bought a box for I
THE QUEEN REGENT OF SPAIN.
■•. : •
I 5100,000. A number of army officers
I clubbed together for a box and so did a
similar number of navy officers, and In
each case the price paid was $1000. The
Madrid Cycling Club and the Bourse each
paid the price of $1000 a stall. The Oa-
I sino of Madrid took two seats at $200' l
| each. The Marquis of Vlllamcjor and Don
j Esteban each gave $50,000 for their seats
•■ and other spectators paid in the same
j manner. The total receipts were more
i than a million and a half francs. The an
nihilation of Spain's fleet in the Philip
pines, however, has shown the Madrid
public that musical performances, how-
I ever enthusiastically conducted, are not
j sufficient to provide a country with a
navy.
General Lord Wolseley, the hero of Tel
el-Kebir, follows the gentle art of music
in his leisure moments. It appears that
this illustrious warrior, whom some of his
compatriots regard as a fin-de-siecle Wel
lington, has an extremely sensitive ear.
and flinches before inharmonious sounds
as he haa never flinched before the ene
mies' bullets. It is a well-known fact
that the English Boldiers have a habit of
singing when on the march, and it now
transpires that the vanquisher of Aral>i
has suffered unknown tortures from the
fact that these amateur vocalists are in
the habit of Binging out of tune in the
most lamentable fashion. Often on the
burning sands of the Soudan have the
brave generalissimo's ears ached with the
discords thrust upon them, and often has
he meditated over a remedy. Not for the
world would Lord Wolseley have deprived
his soldiers of the joy of lifting up their
\oices in song. At last he hit upon a rem
edy, which he has just carried Into ef
fect. Singing classes are being organized
in connection with the British army
■cfaOOlS. and so much interest has been
shown in them by the soldiers that Lord
Wolseley's friends have now no tear that
when some of his men are singing a
chorus in G major the others will bo
warbling in A flat minor. For the future
all will be harmonious.
There is something 1 very touching In a
letter by the late A. Ponchielli, which has
just been published for the first time.
The letter, which was dated "Milan. ISS3,"
was written to the mother of Glacomo
Puccini, now the successful composer of
a number of operas, but at that time a
young student, just graduated from the
Milan Conservatory ( where the- great
Ponchielli had been his master, as he was
the master of Mascagni, Leoncavallo and
most of the composers of "Young Italy."
After congratulating Signora Puccini on
the talent possessed by her Giacomo and
saying, modestly. "I have done little or
almost nothing for your son, for I be
lieve that he owes and will owe every
thing to his own genius," the composer of
"La Gioconda" continues: "When I myself
left the conservatory with medals, dip
lomas, applause and honors I had to ap
ply to friends at Cremona In order to
obtain a. few pupils for the piano. And
one of my chief resources in that town
was to hold the position of organist at
Sant' Imero at a salary of a hundred Aus
trian francs a year (S2O). It was not till
later that I obtained the post of director
of the municipal music at Piacenzla and
finally at Cremona; I exercised this
trade (for I could not call it otherwise)
for about eight or nine years. Then, when
the Eternal Father willed, I was able,
after all those years, to give 'I Promessi
Sposi" at the Dal Verme Theater, Milan,
and from that time my career commenced.
It is necessary, then, to have patience and
hope. When true merit exists sooner or
later it is recompensed. As your Giacomo
has talent and merit, I live in the confi
dence that the way will be opened for
him." The letter concludes with expres
sions of good will. Poor Ponchielli did not
live to see all his predictions fulfilled,
but the letter partly explains the influence
which this noble-hearted man exercised
over all his pupils.
Pierre L.otl attended the Opera Comlque
and occupied the box of Queen Natalie of
Servia at a performance recently of 'Tile
dv Revo," the opera which is based on
his novel, "Lotl's Marriage." He has been
persuaded to write his impressions of the
performance for the Revue de Paris. The
following are 6ome fragments of what he
says: "It begins— in the dying away of
the noise of the crowd— the orchestral
prelude. Something sweet and strange
escapes from the bows, music of 'else
where,' one would say, enveloped in mists,
in the past and in the faraway. • • •
But the curtain is rising— the banal red
curtain — and suddenly for me a charm,
which seemed to be increasing, faints and
dies away. Still the scenery is fine: it is
even the best that could be done with the
miserable appliances of a theater; a little
canvas, a little painting and lamps to
represent the sun and the moon. Now
I smile on seeing the people of Tahiti, who
at the first glance gave me the Impression
of a chance masquerade. But here is tho
young girl who represents Rarahu. She
trains her light rob© and wears In her
ha^r a flower of tho red hibiscus, stuck
above her ear, in the- fashion of yonder.
Suddenly I take her seriously. What pro
found artist, then, is this young girl, who
la not yet 20. to have composed for her
self this Indescribable exotic atmosphere,
this veil of mystery and languor! • • •
And the orchestra continues her faraway
incantation, which, little by little and
more by more, transforms theso painted
canvases into the visions of a dream."
Salnt-Saens, the Wandering Jew of
musicians, is coming to America. It is
not the United States, however, that the
composer of "Samson and Delila" is
about to visit, but the Argentine Republic.
Professors Gomi and Marchal and Pro
fessor Williams, director of the Buenos
Ayres Conservatory, have Invited the
composer to visit their city, and Saint-
Saens has accepted the invitation. He
will remain for some months at Buenos
Ayres, where he will occupy himself with
reorganizing- the Conservatory of Music.
He will also conduct the coming peason of
Italian opera, which includes his "Sam
son." Tamagno will be the Samson.
Faint-Saens has just sought safety from
war's alarms by hurrying home from the
Canary Isl.^s, where he has winterol for
several years. He was met at Marseilles
by a large crowd of admiring friends.
Without any delay he hurried on to
Boziers.ln thearena of which town the first
Performance of his new opera "Dejantrr"
is to be given. If the war dors not Inter
vene. The composer expressed himself as
delighted with the vast and grandiose
amphitheater in which the opera is to re
ceive its initial performance.
Don Lorenzo Perosi. the priest-compos
er whose oratorio. "The Transfiguration,"
met with such success :it Venice, is not
going to rest satisfied with his one tri
umph. He Is now busy writing another
work of the same kind, "The Raising of
I.azarus," the words for which he has
taken from the Scriptures. The work Is
already well advanced and the composer
hopes to have it ready for production by
July.
Another South American composer Is
signalized, this time at Pernambuco. His
name is 1.. Smido, and for some years he
has been the chef d'orchestre of the Santa
Isabella Theater. Smido's taste runs to
ward sacred music, and he lias just had
a mass for four voices, with orchestral
accompaniment, executed. The mass has
covered the composer with glory, and the
Brazilian papers hall Smido as a great,
composer.
The Ysaye concerts in Brussels go on
merrily without a murmur that the con
certs are Ysay* only in name. The time
may come when Ysaye may be able to
concertize in America, and at the same
time send home violin solos to be played
by phonograph to his Brussels admirers.
Ossip Loaw, a young- Russian composer,
is beginning to make a name in Paris.
The critics speak very highly of his de
scriptive orchestral work, "The Death of
Ophelia."
Isidore de Lara's opera, "Molna," Is
about to be mounted at the Hof Theater,
at Dresden. The work has already been
successful in France and at Monte Carlo.
E. Zuldenrust, the pianist, who had 6o
much success In London with the violin
ist Joachim, has gone to Paris, where he
is repeating his London triumphs.
Puccini is rehearsing his "La Vie de Bo
heme" at the Paris Opera Comique.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
I. P. Faby Is registered at the California
from Portland, Or.
Joseph Rankin and wife of Martinez are
staying at the Lick.
John . Hood, a wealthy merchant of
Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
John Waterhouse, the Honolulu capital
ist, is at the Occidental.
Cyrus Macke, a large stock raiser of
Napa, is a guest at the Grand.
W. L. Waiden, a pronflnent business
man of Fresno, is at the Baldwin.
M. F. Mahew, a prominent merchant of
Seattle, is a guest at the Occidental.
J. L. Copeland has come up from Los
Angeles and ia staying at the Palace.
Mason N. Mather, manager of the Plum
bago mine, is staying at the Occidental.
F. N. Kneeland of Northampton, Mass.,
is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
R. L. Ho#ell, a wealthy cattleman of
North Dakota, ia at the Palace with his
wife.
C. J. Martin and Isaac Martin, two
cattle men of Sonora, are registered at
the Russ.
F. M. Chltenden, a fruit and wine man
of Fresno, Is among the late arrivals at
the Grand.
Sheriff 8. D. Ballou of Ban Luis Oblspo
County was one of the arrivals last night
at the Grand.
"That was a
great fight of
Dewey's out there
in Manila," said
the old fellow at
the head of the
table around
which the An-
AN
UNRECORDED
SEA FIGHT.
dent Mariners were sitting, as he toyed
with his spoon and watched the lump of
augar in his glass slowly dissolve. "I
have seen a little scrapping myself down In
that part of the world as well as around
Mobile Bay. It is nearly forty-five years
since I was one of the crew on a little brig
that took the contract of cleaning up a
few pirates down around the Malay
Peninsula, and you bet we finished thenij
oft in great shape- when we once
started. The hottest fight, however, t
ever did see was one that history has
never recorded nor bards sung about. It
was one of the revenue cutters coming
down from the Arctic with a wreck, i
crew, and while it lasted it made hell
fairly pop In a little space.
"On board the cutter there was a dog
by the name of Ta.ska and a thr- ■
quarter grown black bear. The . :
reigned supreme from the break of the
poop aft. while the bear consider |
everything on the main deck as his par
ticular property. As long as each anlm.il
did not encroach on the territory of the
other everything would go along ;
antly. but aa soon as the border v -
passed then the trouble would comment
"The dog was accustomed to sleep under
the cabtn table, while along the transoms
on each side four men slept— the i
of the wrecked whaler, the pilQt, the cap
tain of the cutter, who had given up I 3
own private stateroom to a minister m
was aboard, and myself. One night as t a
little vessel was plunging and tossing ;
a heavy sea way, I, lying on the tr;
half awake, heard the dog under the table
uttering low growls and moving aroui I
in an uneasy manner. At the same tim.-s
something came softly pattering down the
brass shod steps of the companion way
btoppfng at every few steps. I wu
dering what could be the matter. wh> :i
suddenly something black, emitting a hor
rible growl, shot up on top of the tabl< .
smashing the swinging lamp to atoms and
immediately afterward pandemonium
seemed to have broken loose In the cabir:.
The other gentlemen of the transoms
sprang out in their naked feet and rushed
around in the darkness, falling over each
other and being continually trodden upon
by the heavy sea boots of the watch on
deck, who, hearing the row, had come
down below. The minister stuck his head
out of the door and asked what the matt- r
was. The chorus of sulphurous answers he
red sent him back strangling to tha
privacy of his chamber.
"Finally a light was procured ar.d
there, amidst the wreckage of what was
once the cabin furniture, the bear and
dog were discovered fighting like a coupio
of things possessed of the devil. The dog
was a monster and game, but the beiir
was proving a little too much for him,
though the blood and hair scattered over
everything showed that neither was hav
ing any walkover. They were finally
separated with the help of a red hot
poker brought from the galley. The dog
retired to lick his wounds, while the
bear, making a rush, in the course of
which he managed to take about five
inches of skin off the cutter captain's leg,
got into the pantry, where he started to
demolish the crockery. Various plans
were suggested for his dislodgment, but
finally it was decided to lasso him and
drag him out. The rope was thrown -over
his neck and an Irishman by the namu
of Duffy, mounting to the top of the com
panion way, tried to pull the beast up
after him. The bear however would not
move until the pik>t drove the point of a
cutlass into him, when he moved so
quickly that Duffy v^-a.s unable to get out
of his way, and consequently passed the
next three weeks under the care of th-j
ship's surgeon.
"When everything had quieted down the
minister, emerging from his stateroom,
said in the calmest manner possible: 'Was
there not something unusual going on?"
He received such an explicit answer from
the cutter captain, whose leg was being
f^ed, that he never asked another
finest ion until tho vessel reached port, and
he wanted to know what street car would
take him to his destination.".
Among the late arrivals at the Grand Is
T. B. Dillena, mine owner of Jackson,
Amador < bounty.
Mr. and Mrs. William Bollard arrived
yesterday In the city and are to be found
at the Occidental.
Miles Wallace, the Yosemlte Commis
sioner. is one of those who registered at
the Grand yesterday.
E. A. Mlddleton, one of the big men of
Watsouville, is a guest at the Grand,
where he arrived last night.
W. A. Beherns, a wealthy manufacturer
of Chicago, is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
Y. Brithjenboth, a traveler from Am
sterdam, Holland, is one of those who ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
George 11. Maitland of Healdsburg has
come down to the city on a short business
trip, and is registered at the California.
Vice-President J. C. Stubbs and Freight
Traffic Manager William Sproule of the
Southern Pacific Company leave to-mor
row night for Cleveland, Ohio, to attend
the meeting of the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau, which will be held in that
city on the 10th of the month. The meeting
is a continuation of the one recently held
at Hotel Del Monte, at which the right over
carload and less-than-carload lots was the
most interesting feature, and which re
sulted in a temporary victory for our
merchants over those of the East.
—. ♦ .
Cal. glace fruit Me per Ib at Townsend's.*
Giving up business. Finest eyeglasses,
specs, 15c up. Sundays till 2 p. m. 65 4th. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1U42. •
■ ♦ ■
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and itch
ing scalp mail this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade, For
sale by all druggists. •
.■ ♦ »
The British Empire is fifty-three times
the size of France, fifty-two times that of
Germany, three and a half times that of
the United States of America, thrice th«
size of Europe, with treble the population
of all the Russias. It occupies one-flfth
of the globe and contains one-fifth of the
human race.
. ♦ .
FOB nOAKSEKESS, COUGHS, ASTHMA IXD
BIiOKCHIAL TUOUBLEB, use "Brown' I Bronchial
,Troches." Sold only In bcxes. Avoid imitations
■» ■ ■
De. sieoert's Angostura Bittkks, the world
renowned appetizer and lnvl^orator, is used over
the whole civilized world. Beware of imitations.
DRINK A STEEPING OP MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will sleep and now Joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for tho
blood while you sleep, produces & clear and
beautiful complexion, and cures constipation
and sick headache. At No Percentage Phar
macy. '
The revolutionary war cost $135,193,703
and 80,000 lives; the War of 1812, $107,159,
000 and 2000 lives; the Mexican War, $74.
000,000 and 2000 lives; the Indian wars and
other minor wars, $1,000,000,000 and 49,000
lives, and the war between the States
?5,G00,000,000 and 544,000 lives.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one*
third further than any other braid.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
WOV»l BAKIWO POWPEB CO., NEW YOHK.DERBY WON
BY PLAUDIT
Kentucky Classic Goes
to the Mighty Son
of Himyar.
Lieber Karl Defeated Simply
Because He Meets a Better
Horse.
Fifteen. Thousand People Sea the
Contest Between the- Equine
Aristocrats.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 4.— Lleber
Karl met his master to-day. He low
ered his colors to a grander, a better
horse, for Plaudit, like the aristocrat of
the turf that ha is, vron the honors of
the classic event by nobly responding
to a call for speed in a way that will
long be remembered by the 15,000 peo
ple who saw it.
Derby day dawned dark and gloomy,
and by 10 o'clock rain came and con
tinued at intervals until 2 o'clock. The
sandy soil of the track absorbed it,
however, and the going was not over
a second and a half slow when the bell
sounded.
The field was sent away In the first
break with Lleber Karl In front, Isa
bey second, Plaudit third and Han dOr
last. These positions were maintained
as they went around the lower turn
and when they were straightened out
in the backstretch Lleber Karl was a
length and a half In front, while Sims
had brought Plaudit up to second place.
Down the home stretch they went and
as the horses passed for the final time
Sims went to work on Plaudit and no
thoroughbred ever responded better.
Kach stride enabled him to cut down
the distance and when they faced the
fire in the stretch Libber Karl had but
a half-length the advantage, with Plau
dit still lessening the distance. They
were <>n even terms at the eighth pole
and then, amid the lusty shouts of the
thousands that packed the stands, the
aon of, Htmyar thundered down the
track and to the wire, winner of the
twenty-fourth Kentucky derby. I^ieber
Karl was not neglected and he finished
second because be had met his supe
rior. Isabey was third, a half-length
away, and Han dOr last by two
lengths.
Five and a half furlongs, J H C won.
Bangle second, Johnnie Williams third.
Time, 1:094.
mile, selling, Kriss Kringle won,
Paul Kauvar second, Millstr&am third.
lime. 1:45.
Four furlongs, Glad Hand won, Pre
liminary second, Bridal Tour third. Time,
:51%:
Kentucky Derby, one mile and a quar
ter, three-year-olds, stake $5000— Plaudit
117 (Sims). 3 to 1, won, L,ieber Karl 122
(T. Burns). 2 to 5. second; Isabey 117
(Knapp), 20 to 1, third; Han dOr 117 (Con
ley). i." to 1, fourth. Time, 2:09.
Four and a half furlongs, selling. Parker
Bruco won. Duke of Baden second, L-au
renton third. Time. :57?i.
Six furlongs, selling. Rev Salazar won, j
Lady Irene .second, Saratoga third. Time.
1.18.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Results at Aque
duct:
Five furlongs, selling. Judge Warden j
won. Queen of Beauty second. Continental '
third. Time. 1:02.
Five furlongs, selling-. Ninety Cents won. j
Problem second. Cantaloupe third. Time, '
1:03.
Abo-ut seven furlongs, Warrenton won.
Mazarine second. Storm King third. Time,
1:26%:
The Jamaica stakes, five furlongs. Ver
tigo won, Autumn second, Roysterer
third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
About seven furlongs, selling. Nearest
won. Pink Chambray second, Ella Daly
third. Time, 1:27.
One mil© and forty yards, selling,
"Wordsworth won. Filament second, Festa
third. Time, 1:46 4-5. I
"THE CALL'S" RAbING CHART.
/■CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-158th day of th*
Meeting, Wednesday, May 4-. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
tnAO FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-old maidens; purse, $300.
\. Horseß. Weight., St. %m. %m~ \m. «tr Fin. | Jockey
m. |
979 Emma Rev 97 2
SB4 Lout Marie 97 3
950 Brown Prince 99 6
903 an 104| 7
710 Rebecca Wells M 5
662 Kitty Blake 102 8
734 St. Angelo ■." 1
722 Charline Lemon . . .2.07] 4
1001 Qulrte 971 9
4 2
1 4
6 4
6 4
2 ! •
7 1
3 4
5 1
9
2 4
i **
5 1
6 2
4 1
3 4
7 1
8 2
D
1 2 (Cla-waon > 8-5
2 r.s iMcN'icliols ...I <i
3 v |\Vainritrht ... 10
4 1 Wlckllne .... 30
r. 1 M.'jxmald ... 3
6 2 H'.lmes 6
7 1 [Ruiz 8
t> 2 IHaaslnger ... 8
9_ [Hal Brown... M
Time, 1:03.
easily.
Winner, J. H. Robbins* eh. f. by El Rio Rey-Erama.
Good start.
Won
|/~ki~kO SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old maidens; purse $300.
Index] Horses! Weight. [St. Mm. litn. %m. Str Fin. Jockeys.
089 Excursion 104 • 1 ... ... l l^ 13 14 Thorpe
m !:•■. Hooker 101 ! 2 ... ... 2 2 214 2 U M^Nlchols ...
S&5 Mallakwa I<W S ... ... 3-4 3 1 3 2 Piggott
972 Faversham 101; 4 ... ... 8 2 5 1 4Vs Clawson
776 The Miller 98 7 ... ... 4h 4h B 4 McGinn
972 Britomartla 100 8 ... ... C H 6 2 6 4 INarvaez
Sl2 Siml 101 6 9 4 8 8 7 5 Ruiz
Sa; Vhier 104 5 8 4 7 1 8 2 O'Neil
... Racehud 105 9 ... ... 10 9 1 » 8 Frawley
972 ZacratQgo 106,10 ... ... 7 4 10 10 Oouln
l norpe
Mo Nichols ...
Plggott
t'lawßon
3-6
13
8
8
20
4
15
30
40
15
!■
McGinn
'Narvaez
Huiz
d'Nell
Frawley
Onuin
Time, :49.
Won easily.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Take Notice-Picnic.
Bad start.
1004,
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
915 E Come 107 4 ... «1 BV4 2h 11 pi«
(91°) Malay IPS 1 ••• 76 76 82 2 h Gou
(90«) Ola l . .....1.. 1«» U ... 11 1 M lh 3 4 Rul:
912 Also Ran II ..101« ... H 6 1 5 1 4H Mol
906 Leo Vertner 98 3 ... 8h 6 M -7 2 62 Mcl
954 Obsidian 1013 ... 4% M 44% 6 3 \\«
972 Distance 101 1 8 ... 8 8 8 7 6 Gloi
870 Ist PamWtBJMJ 8811 ... 2H 24 6 1 8 Cla^
Time, :C«',i. Winner, H. L. Frank b. c. by Imp. Inverness-Virgin,
first three driving. -
4
7
5
w
!i
8
i 1
• ••
6 1
7 6
1 1
6 1
8 h
4 %
{*
2 H
3 4
7 6
1 4
6 1
6 4
4 4
8
2 4
2 h
8 2
1 h
6 1
- 7 2
I*
6 1
1 1
2 h
3 4
4 >4
r. 2
6 3
7 B
B
rgott .1 i
jln i
lz i
Donald ... 8C
Nichols ... 15
«xls 7-e
iver ....... 8(
wson 1 15
Good start.
,'goti
u!n
lz
Donald ...
Nichols ...
tods .......
>ver .......
iwaon '
4
6
2
80
12
7-6
80
12
4 9-2
« 10
2 2
10 60
2 30
5 9-5
10 100
2 12
Won
9-2
10
2
60
30
9-5
100
12
\f\(\PZ. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
lUUOi $350. .
~r^x7~HorVcß~ Weight. I Bt. Std. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
- — ■ '—
SSI Judge Denny, 5.. ..11 l 2 12 12 12 11 lh lh IClawson 6 5
im> slSSnir£i..:::::S 1 s L !« .I s I s l a T r^ 3 1 li
964 Ostler Job, 5 116 1 21 iV> » 3 3 3 Thorpe ....... ; I 5-2
Time. 1:55. Winner, W. A. Plnkerton'B blk. h. by Fonso-Belle of Nantura. Good start.
Won Jinn two driving. ■ . : "
fkflf* FIFTH RACE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
SSI Judge Denny, 5 ill
(S2C) Satsuma, 6.. 116
964 Ostler Job. 5 116
2
8
1
1 2
2 1
1 2
3
1 2
I*
1 1
2 2
3
1 h
2 2
3
1 h
2 3
3
i
966 San Antonio 110 1 12 1 1 I**l2 i' 1 Clawson 6 i 7-5
959 Watotnba 108 4 814 3 1 8 2 22 23 Thorpe ;» _ 3
757 Imp. Mlesioner ....108 10 2% ' 2 4 2h 82. 3 2 Plgfrott 8 7-2
539 Elsmore ml 8 7% 8% 8 M 61 44 Gouln 3 7
913 Duke of York 11.. .105 7 8 2 6 4 5% 6 4 ■ oS Cole 60 CO
645 El Moro 10V, 5 .4% 41 4 4 4h 6 4 Woods ........ 20 40
1001 Lady Ashley 106 8 62 5 4 62 72 72 Russell 30 30
913 P. A. Flnnefcon ...10S 3 9V< 10 10 10 8 1 Ruiz 00 DO
9?S Sadie Schwartz ....100 9 10 92 94 9*4 96 Klley ......... 50 150
:<2 On Gua Nl'a 107 1 2 r, h MS 7 % 81 10 Buckley 800 300
Time. 1:2»4. Winner, a. W. Baldwin's b. c. by Imp. Clelveden-Orangro Leaf. Bad start.
Won first three driving. -
lOOT ' SIN ' RACE— Six furlongs; Belting; four-year-olds and upward; purge, $300.
" Index. Hone*. Weight. §t! %n7 'Am. %m. StrT Fin. I Jockeys. . |Op. Cl.
:.
m.
|!11.
667 San Mateo. 4 :
897 Sport McAllister, 6.:
7C3 Mamie Scott, 6......
855 Lucky Star, 4 ..;
955 Charles A, a....;...
967 Widow Jones, A....
991 Zarro, 6
985 Walter. J. 6. .%...,...:
Pi" Pat Murphy, 6 :
(774) William 08, 5 !
911 Howard, a ...:
836 Miss Ruth. 6........
985 Rleardo, a
931 Alma, 4.....
J
7
4
I
13
12
9
10
It
!14! 14
! l
[J
1 2
C 4
2 4
. 6ii
8 li
■ 1 h
9 »/4
10 2
11 1
12 1
13
14
4 h
8 4
- 1 4
3 4 '
2 h
C 2
9 4
6 h
8 4
10 1
■7 M
12 1
11 1-
v,14--:rv ,14--:r
13
. 4 h
• ••
•s• s ll' 4
1 2 h
5 4 '
4 2
6 h
6 n
7 3
8 2
91
10 1
11 ■<-'■
12
13 V
14 '
.i-iggiut
'Gouin ...j
McXlchola ...
Stufflet
R. Narvaez. .. !
Holmps
Wainrlght ...
Ruiz
6-3
16
5
20
30
12
12
40
5
10 .
X :
60
40
■8 ■■-■
1
25
4
to
ion
20
12
DO
15
30
40
100
40
10
Clavson
llenn»st:y ....
!G.\ Wilson....
Kiley .........
Beaton .......
Woods ........
Time. 1:14%. "Winner, ■ Miller & Blazer's br, b. by Sa4vator-Jri»» Bad start. Woo easily.
«*cond and third driving. - ■ ". > ■■::, :..-..■ ,;■
SHIELDS WAS
TOO CONFIDENT
Judge Denny Defeated
Satsuma Through His
Carelessness.
; The Black Horsa Was Superbly
Ridden by Dick
Clawson.
Four Winning Choice* at Oakland.
San Matso Finished in Front of
a Band of Sprinters.
By a piece of very botchy work In the
saddle that would reflect no credit on
a cobbler Henry Shields managed to
got Satsuma, the Burns handicap win
ner, beaten in a three-horse race at
Oakland yesterday. It was a mile and
a furlong run, the fourth event on the
card, and the contenders were Judge
Denny and Ostler Joe. With the Judsre
carrying 116 pounds and meeting the
black Montana horse at equal weights
it looked a good thing for Dr. Rowell's
blaze-faced chestnut, and he was heav
ily plunged on at odds of 4 to 6. Ostler
Joe receded in the betting, and 5 to 1
was always obtainable about Denny.
Clawson on the latter was allowed
to go out and make the running.
When the far turn was reached Ostler
Joe had shot his bolt, falling back
beaten. Shields on the favorite appar
ently indulged himself In the Illusion
that he could "go and get" the leader
whenever he chose. Soon finding out
his mistake In the stretch he began
riding hard, and at the trainer's stand
had the favorite a head in frunt. Then
he began a very pretty club-swinging
turn with his "bat," and Clawson, tak
ing advantage of his good nature,
kicked the Judge hard in the ribs, and
in a furious drive got the verdict by a
head. The talent were extremely light
after the race and hope Shields will re
frain from drawing fin© finishes In fu
ture.
In the other races decided favorites
had it pretty much their own way.
scoring on four out of the six occa
siur.y. The fields were large and the
betting better than for some days.
Of the cheap lot lining up in the
opening five furlong scramble for
three-year-old maidens Emma Rev,
with Cltf.v.suii In the saddle, proved the
best, winning easily from Lona Marie,
going to the post a 2 to 1 choice.
The four furlong run for maiden two
year-olds was a mere cake walk for
the 3 to 6 choice, Excursion. The brown
colt showed first from the start and
won galloping from Key Hooker, a 25
to 1 shot. Piggott got Mallakwa home
in the show.
Obsidian, the $2500 purchase of the
Burns & Waterhouse string, is evi
dently a false alarm. Made a stout
choice for the four and a half furlong
scramble for two-year-olds, he showed
little speed and was unplaced at the
wire. In a drive E Come with Piggott
in the saddle hit the wire first, a length
before Malay, a 12 to 1 outsider piloted
by Gouin. Ojtti, after cutting out the
pace, finished third.
In the seven furlong run the 7 to 5
favorite, San Antonio, outbroke his
field, and, leading all the way, won
ridden out from Watomba.
A big bunch of fourteen started in
the final six furlong sprint. San Ma
teo outclassed the field and with some
thing to spare '£|t the finish downed
Sport McAllister two lengths. Mamie
Scott. Becond t.> the saddling paddock,
took the show.
TRACK NOTES.
Judge Joe Murphy will leave for St. L,oula
on Saturday next, where ho will preside in
the stand at the coming meeting of the Fair
Grounds Association.
Barney Schrelber owns the dam of Llebcr
Karl, and bet $300 on the Schorr candidate for
the Kentucky Derby. n v
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman of Stuyvesant
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
Club fame departed for New York j last even-
Ing, about $30,000 loser on the season's book-
Ing here. ; . ' v
Keeney Narvaez. one of the star riders on
the Maryland outlaw tracks, Is back In Cali
fornia paying his folks a visit. At a recent
Turf Congress meeting he was reinstated, and
■will ride on the big Western tracks the coming
season. . ?
Clawson apparently had his riding clothes on
yesterday. He was first past the wire on three
different mounts. - ■
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race-^-Flve-elßhths of a mile; three
year-olds; maidens; selling.
965 Rose Maid 1001 754 Hlmera 97
837 Approbation ... 89] 979 Aprona 102
1002 Brown Prince.. &9 1 97» Nlihau 102
758 Flandes 4 110, 927 Idomenus 10a
9SO Rosa 105 i
Second Race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
882 Rebekah 109 | 978 Zaralda 107
978 Hoy Carruthers.lo9 905 Carter D 109
i S9O Mlllbrae 112 '6*6 Malplaquet 107
, 990 Jo« Mussle ....112! 9*5 Pasha ......... ..11l
| '929 Olivia 109
Third Race— One-half mile; two-year-olds;
l selling.
! 948 Banewor 87 OS2)Canaee . — — 103
... Alice Rix 98 982 Owyhee 106
957 Cleodora 92 997 Sweet Cakes ...102
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(995)Claudlus 110 1 999 Wawona 108
989 Coda 101 (90S)San Marco 110
940 Red Glenn 103 (916) Earl Cochran ..107
99 Metaire 103 I 916 Daylight 106
Fifth Race— One mile; two-year-olds and up
ward. ,
966 Rob ormonde .... 861 959 La Goleta 81
1000 Fonsovannah ..101 (391) Recreation 91
Sixth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
! Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
... Venis 104 I 917 R. Q. Ban 106
965 Loch Ness 107 (996)Zamar II 104
974 O'Fleeta 106 950 Sly 105
i 978 P. F 101 733 Roadwanner ...103
| 1007 Howard 103 (98f>)M!stral II 110
! ... Barnato 104 (978)Trappcan 112
696 Miss Ross 101 917 Peixotto 100
810 Chappie 101
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
I
First Race— Flandes, Rosa, Nlihau.
Second Race — Olivia, Rebekah.
Third Race— Canace, Banewor, Sweet Cakes.
Fourth Race— San Marco, Earl Cochran, Coda.
Fifth Race— Recreation, Fonsovannah, Rosor
mor.de. ■ '•
Sixth Race— Zam&r IT, Pelxotto, Sly.
GOSSIP OF
THE DIAMOND.
By JOE CORBETT.
Dave I,evy has been released on account
of his "hard hitting."
Pitchor Harvey, familiarly known as the
"Silent Man," came out of hia trance last
Sunday and demonstrated in an unmistak
able manner that he can be "real noisy"
if circumstances warrant it.
Held of the Fresno team endeavored to
punch Umpire L<ong's head off after the
I game last Sunday, because he was called
I out at the plate on a close play. Presi
| dent Bert should take immediate action
j and make an example of Mr. Held. It is
I to be regretted that players should so far
I forget themselves. These "rowdy tactics"
] should be stopped immediately, as a :
■ scarcity of good umpires will b« the in
: evitable result.
At Monday night's* meeting of the now
'■ league it was decided to take 2Vs per cent
| of the receipts of all games played, to be
, divided among the clubs finishing first,
i second and third. This will be an ad
i ditional object for the teams to put re
i newed energy into .their work, for when
j the end comes a nice sum of money will
\ be in waiting for those clubs fortunate
; enough* to be among the first three.
Bill Hammond, the clever catcher of the
1 San Franciscos, is one of the best throw
| ers now playing on the coast. He does
; not throw as fast a ball as pome of the
catchers, but more than makes up for this
' deficiency by his rapid movements in get
. ting the ball away. Last Sunday at
1 Fresno he caught three men napping: at
I third base, and had Murphy been watch
: ing the game, it is said, he would have
! caught two or three more at first. Great
'■ work. Bill; keep it up.
Carl Krug made quite a record in Sun
| day's game at Fresno, throwing four men
out at the plate. Altogether there were
six men thrown out endeavoring to score
on infield hits.
Sykes, the new first baseman of the re
! organized Oaklands, la the tallest player
in the league, and should make a "great
1 hit" playing the initial bag. He is a trille
weak on "Hcoops," possibly on account of
his height, yet with practice should easily
overcome this fault.
Claud Smeer is a great little shortstop
no one will dispute that fact— but "Claud
le*s" throwing to first base at times I*.
i very poor. With "Big" Sykes playing the
bag it would be a good idea for Claud to
I throw all the balls high, It will have to
! be thrown over the grand stand or Sykes
will reach it; so remember that, Claud,
and always throw high.
j Hardies drive over the clubhouse in
Sunday's game was a "peacherine."
"Youngers" Johnson departed for the
East Monday night.
Harvey complains* of, a sore arm. The
great fault with all pitchers out here is
the same. They do not take proper care
of their arm during a game. After finish
ing an inning a pitcher should lose no
time in covering his arm, and keep it
covered until It is time to again resume
hostilities. It is during the rest between
innings, when a pitcher's arm is
warm, and very often p' '•spiring, that
a cold sets in. Therefore, pitchers, good
and bad, cover up the "wing," or some
day in the near future you will be rele
gated to that class known as has been or
"never wasers." __ _
Easterners call Hughes the "California
wonder." He defeated New York Mon
day, and boat a great team. Meekln, one
of the oldest and best pitchers now In
the league, opposed him in the box, which
adds additional glory to his victory. I
think New York the hardest team in the
league for a right-handed pitcher to beat,
as they have eight left-handed batters,
and consider this latest victory of Hughes
as great as any. No use talking— they
"can't" stop these Native Sons.
There Is an immense amount of discus
sion among: the managers regarding the
selection of Recreation Park as tho
league grounds. It is a mighty hard mat
ter to satisfy everybody in this "blooming
world," and thero is no use arguing, for
as a ball ground, Recreation Park la as
far above Central Park as the Call build
ing is above the Examiner. It is utterly
impossible to play a good game of ball at
Central Park, unless it bo with a dead
ball, and the people are tired of this
stuffed ball proposition. The new league
propose having their teams play good
fast ball. To do this a live ball must bo
used, and it's like throwing money away
to put a live ball in play at Central Park.
To bo sure, It Is more centrally located
and In consequence will attract those peo
ple whose fondness for the game is such
that if it were not being played right In
their path they would not otherwise come
to see : it. The league, however, would
starve if it catered to that class of peo
ple. Their idea is to give the public good
baseball. To do this they must play on a
ground where the outfield will have a
chance to catch a ball without climbing
up a fence or Into the stands, and where
the batter will have to hit the ball if he,
expects to be credited with a basehit. If
the people want to see baseball a five or
six block walk is not going to stop them
by . any, means. ;In Chicago and many
other league, cities people are compelled
to go three, four and live miles to see a
game, and while San Francisco is not
Chicago, still baseball "fans" are the
prime the world over. A few blocks is
certainly not going to prevent those in
San Francisco from .seeing the game/
especially so when they know the change
was made, that the teams might give
them their best efforts. v
Owing to the scarcity of good umpires
it would be a good plan for the league to
abandon the double umpire system and
give each game In the different towns a
"good umpire."
Damaged by a Beating.
eteuart Donaldson commenced suit
yesterday to recover $5000 damages from
WUIfaUD JohriHon for personal injuries
alleged to have been received on the 19th
ult. Donald claims that Johnson so badly
beat him with a club that he has since
been unable to attend to his duties as a
painter at the Mare Island Navy-yard.
The Stanford Estate.
The fourth annual account of Mrs
Jane T>. Stanford, executrix of the will
of her husband, the late Senator Leland
Stanford, has been approved by Judge
ConVy. The account shows $11,727 78 cash
on hand in tha possession of the ex
ecutrix.
, Ladle** tailor-mad* suit*: latest d«s!rrn: w*
»lye credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter. r. 6& 7.
BLOWS THAT WILL STING.
New Punches Which May Be Used hu Jeffries and
Sharkey Friday Evening.
JAMES JEFFRIES.
Jim Jeffries, th<? 230-pound heavy-weight champion of Southern Califor
nia, according to latest Intelligence from his training quarters In Oakland,
has Invented a new Mow which is called the "Manila punch."
Billy Delaney says that there is no such thing as getting away from it.
It comes from the right battery and carries death wherever it lands.
"Oh. if he evc-r hits the sailor's breastworks or ris hea/igear Jt will be
all over but the .shoutinjc," said Billy in undertones.
Bharkey has six new blows, but his favorites are the left swing, which
he calls the "Sampson brain-disturber,* 1 and the right hook, which he has
named the "Dewey life-destroyer,"
The sailor expects to end the war when he lands either of those dread
ful punches; consequently the patrons of the great game of hit-and-duck
may anticipate a hot and spirited engagement when Greek meets Greek on
Friday evening.
The sports who are gambling on the result are very much divided in their
opinions. All tilings considered the consensus of opinion among those who
are playing Jeffries to win is that Bharkey will meet an opponent who
has. from a physical point of view, the better of the argument, and that
scientifically speaking the pugilists are about equally matched.
Bharkey will have large numbers of followers nevertheless. Believers in
the sailor's prowess say that he is too lucky to lose a fight and that if
the contest shall lust ten or more rounds Jeffries will be compelled to
show the white feather.
The betting is particularly lively and large sums of money are being 1
placed in the pool rooms to be wagarsd on both men at tho prevailing
odds of $10 to $8, With Sharkey on the short end.
The managers of the National Club have been imposed upon by som«
sleight of hand performers, who have bogus tickets of admission to the
Sharkey and Jeffries fight on Friday evening. Messrs. Groom and Gibbs are
desirous that the sporting, public shall bo on guard and not purchase any
tickets from outsiders; otherwise they will suiter the consequences. Tick
ets can be purchased at 900 Market street, at Gunst's cigar store and at the
entrance to the Pavilion on th« .evening of the entertainment.
1 + + + + + + ++ + + ++- + + ++4+ + + -*- + -*- + -*- -4- + -*--*--*--*-
DROPPED DEAD
WITH BAD NEWS
Mrs. Louisa Kampos Left the
Bedside of Her Dying
Child.
Expired on Her Way to Her Husband
and Must Be Buried by the
City.
Mrß. Louisa Kampos, a young married
woman, fell dead yesterday on Langton
street, between Howard and Folsom,
whilo running to tell her husband that
one of their children was dying.
lliißband and wife lived in two rooms
in *he reur of 12S Langton street. They
are »cry poor, and tho husband has been
eking out a bare living for his wife and
two children by working in a second
hand bottle yard at 122>j Howard street.
The three-year-old baby took sick with
diphtheria a tew days ago and Dr. Levin
was called in. He reported the caae to the
Board of Health, and tho usual warning
notice against diphtheria was posted on
the door.
Yesterday afternoon the child was re
ported In a dying condition, and the
mother ran out to notify her husband,
who was working about throe blocks
away. She had gone about one I*l* ck
when she suddenly sank to the side- walk
and expired.
It being evident that death wag due to
natural causes Deputy Coroner McCor
mick wan willing to leave the poor
woman's body at her home, but he found
that there would be no room there, the
family occupying only two rooms, and
that 'he presence of diphtheria in the
place rendered it unsafe for visitors. Tho
husband was without means and unable
to pay for the burial of his wife, so ihe
body was tnkon^to the Morgue and will
be interred In the potter's field unless
charitable, persons make other arrange
ments.
Mrs. Kampos was a fiatlve of Switzer
land, 25 years old. _
BAD SANITATION.
It Interferes With the Plans for the
Wilnierding School.
In a communication addressed to the
Board of Health by tho Regents of the
University of California the latter stated
that they found tho proposed site for the
Wllmerding School undesirable owing to
the unsanitary condition of the streets
and lota adjacent to the property. Tho
Board of Health was asked to take meas
ures that would improve the sanitary
F>om HU Late.it Pholi.
condition and abate the existing nuisances
in that vicinity.
Secretary Qodchaux of the Board of
Heeltb yeaterd«.y sent a communication
to the Regents informing thorn that the
Supervisors at the request of the
Heard of Iloultli had ordered an investi
gation of the district for the purpoae of
providing for the necessary improve
in. 'UtH.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Have You Seen It? "
in m ■i»imni» . nun i imuijimi
THE "'9B"
Swell
"DURING"
BICYCLE.
GOOD FEATURES:
SIMPLE AND PRACTICAL. METHOD OP
wlieol adjustment; arched forked crowns of
great strencth; expansion seat post with in-
ternal fastening; strong frame and fork con-
nections; new crank axle mechanism; no keys;
! finest finished wheel in the market. Write roc
catalogue. ■ ■
AGENTS WANTED,
LEAVITf & BILL,
COAST AGENTS,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
MADE ME A MAN
>*2S AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
&2 *1 cry. In potency. BlsepleMnesa, eto_ cansed
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
A. LI, Nvrrous IHseaaea— Failing Mnm-
or/. linpotencj. 81aep»»wna«8. eto., c«Mf d
by AbuM or othor £xaew«a aq<l Indi/-
crotiona. 27(«V qulrkty omd. mrely
\ y "^f . roston* Lort ViUlity in old or young. enJ
>ffv-c*L fit a man for study, business or marriage,
>iie79Dt Inaaaltr and Consumption it
taken in time. I Thirir «« •howa lmmcdlnt <• tinproj*.
EBontaad •Boots a COKE. wb«r« all £tkw tail In-
«i»t upon harinn the eonuino Ajar TahlcU. They
hav«6irod thoMaandsand willcaroycn.JVpKiTO«pca.
itive vrri : ion «ti.arantoo to effect a cure KQ IjTC la
ouchca33or refund tho money. ftlnWUlOign
package; or six pkces (fuJI treatment) for $2.60. By
mail. in plain wrapper, npon receipt or price. Circular
««• AJAX REMEDY CO., '•tsS*r?,tt"• t 5S*r?,t t "
For Bale In San Franelsco by Leipnlt» & Co.,
236 ( Sutter. : No-Percentage Pharmacy, 313 ; Mkt,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■__._
£®<*>®®®®®®®®®®(S)@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® ®
(;> . | ( t * a . v ~-1 ■'_'' - : g- \g&»± ®
10 Extra Specials
0 For To=day! 10
® ===== ... • ®
® ®
® No lady contemplating the purchase of |
| Dress Materials of any description can afford |
® to miss the RARE OPPORTUNITY presented ®
I to-day, for our Magnificent display of NEW |
| STYLES and NOVELTIES embraces every ©
® imaginable WEAVE, DESIGN, COLORING and %
| FABRIC, and in connection with the MATCH- ®
• LESS VALUES offered we select the follow- ©
1 ing popular lines and quote them as Extra ®
| Specials §
i At Unparalleled Guts in Prices ! I
® ======================= ®
i COLORED DRESS GOODS, i
® . ®
® O«^» 61 plec4» INCH EXTOA-FINB ALL WOOL FRENCH CKEPONS, In ©
<a ZOv pink, cream and lavender, good value for 75c a yard, on special sale at fa
% a yard. £
® :,;f.: - ©
n *7ZZ~ 45 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, new shading^, two- fa
( *' tut toned effects, former price $1 25, on special sala at 750 a yard. •--. V.~L : "
fa > ©
A Cl Art 85 pieces 46- INCH FRENCH CREPONETTE DRESS GOODS, In all the /y.
■£> t9l»\J\J new shades, regular price $1 60 a yard, on sale at Jl a yard. " i ;'. ' s/
d ZZf\ 22 plecei 65-INCH SUPERFINE ALL WOOL ENGLISH MELTON CLOTH -,
(J> (|>ltUU for tailor-made suits, good value for $2 a yard, on special sale at $1 60 a w
® yard. -?V '©
fa ; — — — *»§***. fa
1 VERY SPECIAL! 1
5 OPZs* 2 cases 42-INCH GOOD ALL WOOL FANCY CHECKS, a full assortment IZ.
<£) ZOv of colorings, value for 600 a yard, on special sale at 250 a. yard. W
®■" - - ©
1 SILK DEPARTMENT. BLACK DRESS GOODS. I
5 A^r» 40 Pieces COLORED TAFFETA «t»| f-f± 15 Pieces BLACK CRBPON, fa
® OOv Medium and dark shades, «J>l*Ol/ 42 inches wide, marked down w
fa regular price 75c; will be offered >•-.;., , from J2; will be offered at Jl 50 ©
X at 65c a yard. yard. ~.
® , „' ■ : '-. V 5 /;
'm\ fiBJ/» 80 Pieces BLACK BROCADED __ , -- p ]ecea BLACK PVOTTRTT®
* DOC SATIN, small and medium de- 7OC SERGE a very heavy mike
® Bl # nS ' r^ ar a P v r ard $1: WUI * fuU 50 inch% 9 7mlrkerdTwn m fr^m®i
@ offered at 65c a yard. $1; wlll be offere< at 750 a yard- 0
® 75C IVlT^™*™™ a T n A d Fl collr A KAC 60 PieceT"BLACK PIEROLA®
® ill; 'regular pr^'e Jl; will be OUC CLOTH. 36 Inches wide, a very @
J^ offered at 75c a yard. good line at 7uc; will be offered ®
■^ ■ at uOo a yard. ®
© a ~ 20 Pieces BLACK DUCHESSB /r\
\ 85C «<ATIN 24 Inches wide, heavy 7K r 20 Pieces BLACK MATALASSE ®
& v - r^ r^" auality perfect finish, regular iOv AND BAYADERE FANCIES. ®
(i) orice SI 25- will be offered at 85c 48 inches, marked down from Jl; _
X a yard. i 1 will be offered at 75c a yard. ®
[Fif Murphy Building 1 , -m
| Hartal aid Jones Streets.
AMUSEMENTS. _
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Eminent Dramatic Actor,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company Under the
Management of M. W. Hanley. Presenting
for th« First Time in This City a New
Romance by A. W. Tremayne. Entitled
J\ SECRET WARRANT.
Numerous Accessories. Superb Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY— -
SECOND WEEK OF ROMANCE.
ROBERT B. MANTELL
IN D'ENNERY"S
MONBARS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY
Hoyt's Record Breaker
"/\ TEXAS STEER!"
■Presented by Katie Putnam, Maurice Freeman,
Will H. liray und an all-star cast.
Popular prices l.V\ 2">c and 50c.
Next Monday— "THE ENSIGN," and
Special Attraction Between Acts. "The Drum-
mer Boy of Shlloh" and His "Flag Pictures."
BALDWIN THEATER. ,
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PBRRIS HARTWIMN
And his clever New York Company in the
comedy hit of the season,
"THE PURSER."
EXTRfI-Saue> a Trip
To Oborammergau by Seeing the Life-Moving
Pictures of the
PASSION PLAY.
Daily (except Saturday) at 3— Seats 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— season's novelty, the
great French Pantomimlst,
PILAR MORIN,
And Her Original Company, In th.B Tragic
Pantomime, ■ &■;* -
""IN '"'OLD JAPAN!"
In conjunction with Frits Scheel's Orchestra.
SEATS NOW READY. . U -"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
THIS WEEK ONLY,
The Greatest of All Comic Operas,
WANG!
"ASK FOR THE MAN IN THE MOON."
NEXT WEEK
Our Moot Successful Comedy Opera,
•'SHIP flHOYI"
Up to Date and Way Ahead.
POPULAR PR1CE5.........:.-........ 25c and Wo
Box Office Always Open. No Telephone.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE-EXTRA 1 1
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT.
THIS (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON.
MAY 5. AT 3.15
GREATEST PROGRAMME YET OFFERED.
TWO GRAND NOVELTIES.
"HAROLD IN ITALY" SYMPHONY......
....; ........ BERLIOZ
With Viola Solo by Mr. B. JAULUS.
! SERENADE FOR STRINGS (in four move-
ments .................... TSCHAIKOWSKY
PRICES, INCLUDING RESERVED SEATS,
$1 M, SI 00 and 75 c*nt3.
Sale of scats at the Tlvoll Opera-house.
fll VMDIA I Corn*' of Mt3on mi
ULYjnfm | , Edd/ s<re#tt
WAR! WAR! WAR SCENES'— The Maine:
, diver* at i work; feeding reconcentradoa; Span-
ish troops and . ships, with a host -of thrilling
Havana war scenes by the Biogrraph; and a
great olio of specialties. Most interesting show
In the , city. . ADMISSION FREE.
~SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. ■
ADMISSION 10c ■-"•■-■: - --- CHILDREN So
Bartung. with admission. 25c; children. 10c. |
MAN-CLAY HALL, 223 Sutler 6t. j
••-'»■ FRIDAY . : EVENING, MAY 6
Last Appearance in Ban Francisco :
LITTLE ; SCHRAMM. ,
The. Child Pianist and - Composer. ■_.
■■'■■ Reserved seats.' Coc and $1;" Children, 25c. At
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. r-.;:". I
Ulf Murphy Building-. J
Hartet anUnß Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Second Week of the American Songbird,
LETTIE LE VYNE
In the Realistic Drama of New York Life, ■
"HEARTS OF NEW YORK."
Great Specialties ' and Comedy Element.
WILLIAMS AND CASMORE, Specially En-
gaged for Comedy Roles.
War Bulletins Read' Between Acts.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c and EOc.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART; JOHN W.
RANSOME, as General Fltzhugh Lee; BOG-
ART & O'BRIEN, eccentric musical come-
dians: HAVES & BANDY, dancing marvels:
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND: TONY WILSON and
clown; RENO & RICHARDS. ROBERTA &
DORETO and FISH & CJUIGG.
Reserved Seats. 2fic; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees every Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. . • . . t '
ALCAZAR. 15C,"25C,"35C. 50c.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Fun and laughter galore.
THE GAY PARISIANS !
L. K. STOCKWELL and the great Alcazas
company.
WAR BULLETINS EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
' Next week "NIOBE."
Prices ; 15c, 15c, BCc, 60c
NORRIS BROS/
PEERLESS
DOC AND PONY SHOW!
Positively the Largest, Handsomest and Most
Highly Educated Collection of TRAINED DO-
MESTIC ANIMALS in America.
100— PERFORMING PETS — 100
Exhibit Under Their Big Tent*.
CENTRAL PARK,
Beginning. . . '. MONDAY, MAY 2.
Evening Performances, 8 p. m.
Matinees Daily (Except Sunday). 2:30 p. m.
PRICES— Adults 25c, Children 15c.
I Street Parade, 11 a. m. Daily. .
VISIONS OF ART
Are the Sensation of the City.
— They are shown at the —
CHUTES
.- Every Afternoon and Evening ,
In Conjunction With a GREAT VAUDEVILLE
SHOW.
Latest WAR NEWS Read from. the STAGE.
100 to All, Including Zoo, etc. ; Children 6c
TRACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meetlnr. 1897-9S, Beginning TUESDAY.
May 8, to May 21 Inclusive.
i OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
EACINO MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND BATURDAT.
FIVE OU MORE RACES BACH DAY.
— — RACKS START AT 2:15 F. M. SHARP.-
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:J0, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and i p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 p. m., and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Proa.
B. B. MILROY. Secretary.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT (May 6). ; "SPAIN .AS IT , IB,"
by. NEAL DAVIS. . Superb views. Music by
Bosworth. Admission, 25a .'
78
STARTLING
TALE TOLD
THE POLICE
Clever Eastern Forger
Now in Hiding in
This City.
Arthur H. Klein Betrayed
by the Woman Who
Had Loved Him.
Detectives Have Been Detailed
on the Case and an Arrest
Will Soon Follow.
HIS PARENTS WEALTHY
The Accused Man Is Disowned by
His Father and. Once Attempted
to Take His Own Lite.
According to reports mad© to the head j
of the Police Department last evening
one of the cleverest formers who ever op
erated in Eastern or local fields Is In this j
city. For months past he has been, llv- |
ARTHUR H. KLEIN, WHO IS ACCUSED OF BEING A CLEVER EASTERN
FORGER.
tng on the fat of the land and besides has
lived openly and given his correot name,
although he was much wanted by the
Chief of Police of Pittsburg.
Arthur H. Klein, who was at one time
prominently connected with the Taren
tum Mirror and Art Glass Works at 4U9
Fifth avenue, Pittsburg, Pa., and a son
of the wealthy liquor dealer, Max Klein,
of Allegheny, Is the man sought for. The
police, however, are not the only ones
anxious to have him brought for trial and
returned to his home, as Beatrice Wal
lace, who has been made a victim of the
cleverness of Klein, made the report to
the police and also stated that she was
loser to the extent of several hundred
dollars through the wiles and promises
of love made by the accused party. Ac
cording to the story told by the woman
who has lost the affections of Klein, he
came to the city some years ago, but has
not endeavored to get employment. She
.met him about eight months ago, and he
soon became a regular visitor to her
apartments.
The case seems to be the well-worn
Story of a young man who preferred fast
living to home surroundings and an en
deavor to make for himself what he was
so willing to spend in riotous living. The
case seems to be all the more regretta
ble, as his family is well known and high
ly respected by all who know them.
According to the report made by Miss
Wallace, Klein was acquainted with a
young man who had for years kept com
pany with one of her dearest friends. In
consequence she was often thrown In
company with him, and after a few
. weeks they became fast friends. Klein
frequently borrowed money from her and
always said that he would repay It and
showed a card of the glass works where
he said lie was employ«=>d .and also stated
that his father, Max Klein, was the
wealthiest liquor dealer in Allegheny.
After a time the man became brutal and
frequently beat her, but she had become
attched to him .and took the abuse
without a complaint. This went on from
time to time, until the young- man re
ceived a letter from home disowning him,
and he then became even more brutal In
his treatment toward her, and a quarrel
which resulted in their separation took
place. Then her sealskin sack was taken
and pawned by her former lover, ana the
trouble seemed to grow darker. Klein
caroe back on two occasions, but merely
to beat the woman, and becoming desper
ate Miss Wallace reported the matter to
the police.
"He nan often told me," she said, "that
he was wanted in the East for forging his
father's name and that he was almost
afraid to give his right name in this city,
but he again stated that he thought a
bold move was the safest way, and in
consequence went about the streets in a
careless manner and soon recovered from
his fright.
"On one occasion he attempted to cut
his throat with a razor which he kept in
the room, and but for my intervention he
would now be a corpse. At times he was
exceedingly jolly, again brutal and then
a fit of remorse would come over him and
he would try to end his life and mine as
well. I became frightened and had the
doors locked so that he could not get
Into my apartments, and also told the
proprietor of the house not to let him in.
The detective is working hard on the
case and hopes to soon have proof which
will lead to the arrest of the much want
ed man.
Advances made on furniture r-.d pianos, with
or wUbput removal J. Nopnaa. I.OIJ-lo23Ml*sloa.
WAS AFRAID TO
COME INTO PORT
Captain Aspe Feared That
San Francisco Had
Been Captured.
The Peruvians Told Him All
United States Ports Were
Blockaded.
The Woman In the Bgum«nn Case
is the Wife of William P.
Hermann.
Captain Aspe of the schooner Bangor \
approached port In fear and trembling j
last week. He left SaJaverry fifty-three !
days ago, and the news In that out-of-the
way corner of the globe was that San
Francisco had been captured and that all j
the other American ports were blockaded
by a Spanish fleet. According to the vera
cious report, New York was expected to
surrender at any moment, and Captain |
Aspe was advised very strongly to remain j
in port and save his vessel. When the
Bangor arrived in the vicinity of the
Farallones, therefore, the captain was ex
pecting every minute to sight a Spanish
cruiser. A man was on the lookout day
and night, but as nothing hove In sight
the anxiety of the crew abated somewhat.
After beating about for a day or so, the
Bangnr was headed Inshore, and when
a pilot-boat was met the true state of af
fairs was learned.
"The Peruvians were sure that the
United States was a Spanish province ,
I when I left," said Captain Aspe yester
! day, "and thought I was foolhardy to
| start for San Francisco. I told them that
their telegrams were all lies and that I I
I was going straight home. In spite of I
Spanish cruisers. Of course, we kept a !
! bright lookout when we were nearing the i
coast, but, 1 tell you, we were glaxl to hear ',
i of Admiral Dewey'a victory at Manila."
! The Bangor brought up a cargo of nitrate
from Salaverry.
The boat washed off the deck of the
pilot-boat America during the recent
i nor" wester was picked up about eight
miles below the Cliff House a couple of
days ago. Two young men found it on the
beach and brought it to Mei^rgs wharf. !
< Captain Jordan of the America gave them
a $20 gold piece for their trouble.
The sternwheeler City of Dawson, in
tended for the Yukon River trade, met j
I with an accident while being launched at I
; Meiggs wharf yesterday. The ways broke :
and the vessel's stern dropped Into the ]
water, while the bow fell on the rocks i
) and was stove In. It will take some time !
and cost considerable money to repair the i
damage.
Wong Hop was treated for a number of
lacerated wounds on the head by Drs.
Hill and Zabala at the Harbor Receiving;
Hospital yesterday. He went out of a j
house in Chinatown to get a cup of
toffee, and on his return a man came up
from behind the door and beat him over
the head with a piece of gaspipe. No
arrest.
C. F. Smith of engine 12 lost the tops
of two of his fingers after returning from
the fire on Commercial street yesterday
looming. He was reeling up the hose,
when his hand got caught. Dr. Zabala, at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, wanted to
amputate the fingers at the first joint
but Smith would not have the operation
performed until he consulted his friends.
John J. Moriarty. chief engineer of the
steam schooner Jeanie, caught In the ice
near Point Barrow, writes that the vessel
will "probably get out in the spring." He
s.iys that provisions are scarce and that
the men are very much in need of skin
clothing. The crew of the Jeanie were
| living in a hut. a.nd were keeping them-
I selves warm around a stove made out of I
an oil drum.
The schooner Charles Levi Woodbury
arrived from Gloucester yesterday with
another party of Klondikers aboard She
was in company with the schooners
Julia A. W halen and Concord In the
Straits of Magellan and had her share of
bad weather in that treacherous place In
one of the "willlewaws" she lost two
anchors and some chain
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Gaelic sailed for Honolulu yesterday
She took away a full cargo, but very feY
passengers. The war seems to have
stopped travel nearly altogether, as the
Rio de Janeiro took away little more than
a corporal's guard.
Charles Hermann is Indignant at the
story of the desertion of his "wife " He
says he never had a wife, and that the
woman who claimed to be the wife of
Charles \V. Baumann, who has cone to
the Klondike, Is Mrs. William P Her
mann. and not Mrs. Charles Hermann., as
Lecture by Rev. J. B. McNally.
Rev. J. B. McNaJly of Oakland will de
liver a lecture on "The Conscience of a
Citizen," under the auspices of Stross
majer Council No. 460. to-morrow evening-
Tickets may be had free upon application
at the office of the Y. M. X Lecture Bu
reau, room 424 Farrott buildjn*.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
AN EASY
WAY TO
GET IN
Door Opened to Ille
gal Admission of
Chinese.
Certificates of Registra
tion Taken From the
Collector's Office.
No Way by Which the Missing
Documents May Bo Identi
fied When Produced.
SENSATIONAL DISCOVERY.
Traffic In Immigrants Carried on for
Years by a Gang of Unknown but
Suspected Boodlere.
Federal officiate have Just made a
sensational discovery in the office of
the revenue collector for this district.
A few weeks ago the United States
Treasury Department authorized Inter-
I nal Revenue Collector Lynch to employ
I two persons to make an index of the
40,000 Chinese registration certificates
which are kept in the big steel vault
in the office. After they had been at
work about two weeks they discovered
that several of the certificates were
missing.
As the cash value of each certificate
Is equal to that of a Chinese female
slave It is evident that the missing pa
pers were not "lost" for nothing, and
that somebody has been lining his
pockets with the proceeds. But the
theft and sale of the missing docu
ments are the least of the loss. Here
after when a Chinese person loses his
or her certificate and the original can
not be found in the vault in the col
lector's office the attorney for the ap
plicant will establish the alleged fact
of the loss by Chinese testimony, and
the collector will be obliged to issue a
new duplicate certificate to the appli
cant and to file a new original in the
vault-
This will open the door to great
fraud. All that will be necessary for a
Chinese to do who has gained admis
sion to this country by sneaking in over
the Mexican border will be to claim
that he was in San Francisco at the
time of the registration of the Chinese
and that he received a certificate of
registration which was afterward de
stroyed by fire or lost in some other
way. If an index had been made at the
time the registration took place such
frauds would not be possible, but in the
absence of such index there is no means
of ascertaining the identity of the miss
ing documents so that the way is clear
for all applicants.
All the evidence secured thus far by
the Federal authorities tends to show
that the important and valuable pa
pers were abstracted during the term
of O. M. Welburn, Mr. Lynch's prede
cessor, and that they were sold at good
prices to Chinese men and women who
have been surreptitiously landed In Cal
ifornia.
In order to understand the full sig
nificance of the discovery made by the
Federal authorities it Is necessary to
refer to the manner in which the cer
tificates were brought into existence.
The validity of the act of Congress re
quiring the registration of all Chinese
In the United States at the time of the
passage of the act was attacked by the
Chinese Six Companies, who instructed
their people not to register. The courts
decided that the act was constitutional
and not in contravention of the treaty
between China and the United States,
and the time was extended in order to
give Chinese residents an opportunity
of complying with the law.
The registration was taken very has
tily and no index was made of the
names of the Chinese, so that In the
case of a Mongolian losing his papers
It was the work of many tedious hours
to find the original among the 40,000 on
file in the office of the Collector of In
ternal Revenue. It is made the duty
of the Collector to furnish a duplicate
certificate in case of loss of the dupli
cate originally issued and this dupli
cate is made a copy of the original on
file in the office. But If the original
is not found on file, then it is incum
bent upon the applicant to establish
the fact that he has registered and that
the original should be in the possession
of the Collector.
Chinese who have lost their certi
ficates have employed attorneys and
customs brokers to procure the dupli
cates, the search being made by clerka
of the Collector after office hours.
Clerk Dillard has been employed in this
work on a number of occasions, but he
strenuously denied to a Call reporter
that he had been paid any tips by law
yers or brokers for exercising diligence
in the search, no allowance being made
by the Government for the extra hours
spent in this labor.
Other clerks have shared with Dil
lard the labor of these after-hour
searches, and they, too, have denied
that they have received any pay for
their services. It Is, however, an ad
mitted fact that the attorneys and
brokers employed by the Chinese to
obtain these duplicates have received
an average fee of $20 from their clients
for each, and it Is reported that part
of this fee has been paid to clerks who
made the search.
Malvern M. Foote, who has an exten
sive Chinese practice, was asked
whether he had paid Dillard or any
of the other clerks of the Collector any
fees or tips for the search, and he re
plied that he had not, but he added
this significant explanation: "I have
never paid anything to Dillard and I do
not know whether any others have
done so or not, but it Is not natural
that men should work after office hours
and receive no compensation for it. I
suppose that sometimes a lawyer meet
ing one of the clerks on the street
would hand him $5 and say, 'For 's
sake, go buy yourself a new hat'; but
I don't know that such a thing has
been done.
"If any of the certificates are miss
ing: it is a damnable thing," added the
lawyer. "It is a sign of atrocious fraud
and rottenness. What is the value of
one of these duplicates? Well, you can
tell that as well as I. One of them
would be of great value to a Chinaman
to pack around with him, so as to en
able him to remain In this country
without being really entitled to do so.
They would be well worth $500 apiece."
Not only the clerks, but custom
brokers and attorneys have had access
to the original certificates on file, and
the responsibility for their loss being
divided among so many it will be a
difficult matter to fix the blame upon
any particular individual.
If the lead In your pencil 1b poor, try the
famous "Kolxxl-Noor." •
EMERIC WAS
LEFT A LITTLE
His Wife Gave the Bulk
of Her Property to
Her Relatives.
The Friends of Her Husband
Say That He May Contest
the Document.
Attorney Meteon Does Not Believe
That There Will Be Any
Opposition.
The will of the late Eugenic Emertc,
wife of Harry Emerlc, was filed for pro
bate last evening In the County Clerk's
office. But small provision Is made for
Emeric, and it is said by some of his
friends that he will contest the probating
of the will. The friends of the decedent
say on the other hand that there will not
be any opposition. The will, which is
brief, considering the value of the prop
erty disposed of. Is as follows:
In the name of God, amen!
I. Eugenic Emeric, wife of H. F. Emerio, of
San Pablo. Contra Costa County, Cal., do
make, publish and declare this to be my last
will and testament. ±'' ,
After the payment of all my just debts, I
give, devise and bequeath to my beloved sister.
Lorena Myrtle Barbler. all the property of
whatever kind or character, and wherever sit
uated, which I may own at the time of my
death, with the exception of the special be
quests hereinafter mentioned.
1 Five, devise and bequeath to my beloved
husband. H. F. Emeric, the eleven, acres of
land situated at Ban Pablo, Contra Costa Coun
ty, Cal., known as the Emerlc Home place,
together with all the improvements thereon;
and I do not make to my husband any larger
devise because he is already sufficiently pro
vided for.
I give, devise and bequeath to Kate Merrill,
my house servant/provided she be In my em
ploy at the time of my death, the sum of five
hundred dollars and direct that this bequest
take effect in full and without abatement in
any e\<.nt.
I give,, devise and bequeath to my nephews,
Harry and Howard, sons of my brother, Alfred
Robert Barbler. and to my brothers, Alfred
and Howard, to my godchild. Irene Emerlo
Steams, to Mrs, Dora Austin Heath and my
sister, Lorena Myrtle Barbier, 2500 shares of
»t(.cl: of the Norwegian Mining Company In
the following proportions, to wit:
To my said nephews, Harry and Howard,
rr.y *old brothers, Alfred and Howard, my said
godchild. Irene Emerlc Steams, 290 shares
each: to said Mrs. Dora Austin Heath 50
shares and to my said sister 1000 shares.
I give, devise and bequeath to the said Mrs.
Dora Austin Heath my pansy diamond watch
and violet diamond pin and my solid silver
toilet set, engraved J. E.
I give and devise and bequea'n to Etta Ger
trude Heath my four-stone diamond ring and
Pyle piano.
I give, .devise and bequeath to Eugenic Mar
bury Heath my full garnet set. consisting of
ring, stiletto, two bracelets and necklace; also
my mahogany writing desk, and all pieces of
silverware engraved E. B.: also my triple mir
rors, and all my clothing and garments of
every description excepting my furs.
I give, devise and bequeath to my said god
child. Irene Emerlc Steams. 10 acres of land
in one portion in the San Pablo ranch, out. of
the residue devised, and bequ-\atti-d to my said
sister and direct that the said 10 acres be lo
cated and selected by my excutors. out of t"e
said residue wherever to them may seem fit
and their choice in this regard shall be final.
I make no provision for my father, knowing
and expecting that my sister will take cars of
him until his death, and not allow him to
want.
I hereby nominate and appoint. my said sla
ter. Lorena Myrtle Harbler, and my friend,
Rudolph Herold Jr., to be the executrix and
executor of this, ; my will, and I do hereby ex
pressly provide and direct that no bonds or
other ■ security be required of them, or either
of them, to be given by them or either of them
as such executrix and executor at any time
during or In or about the administration of my
estate.
This, my last will, 1% written upin this page
and six preceding pages/:"-' '•-. • • -
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand this 20th day of February. 1597
EUGE.VIR EMEIUC. ■
"W. H. Metson of the law firm of Reddy,
Campbell & Metson. which represents the
estate, said last night that he did not ex
pect any contest of the will. "There have
been many rumors ■ afloat concerning, a
contest," said he, "but I believe that Mr. |
Emeric will not offer any opposition to i
the will." "
THE SIMINOFF
FAMILY WAR
Three Brothers and a Brother
in - Law in the
Fight.
Aaron and Louis H«v» to Answer
to Two Charge* of
Battery.
Aaron Slmlnoff and Louis Slminoff,
brothers, appeared in Judge Low's court
yesterday to answer a charge of battery.
Another charge against them had been,
called a few days before and it was
continued until Friday. Both charges
will be heard on the same day.
The complaining witnesses are Morris
Siminoff, a brother of Aaron and Louis,
who has a cloak factory at 122S Market
street, and Toby Roberts, a brother-in
law.
In connection with the charpes there is
a story full of interest and not devoid of
its humorous features. Aaron is a manu
facturer of cloaks at 211 Sutter street,
and when seen yesterday he spoke frank
ly of the troubles of the family.
"I used to work for my brother Mor
ris," he said, "but left him recently, as
he did not carry out his pledges to me.
He blamed me for taking cloth from his
factory and selling it to get money for
drink, which was untrue. My brother
Louis met him on Golden Gate avenue
Sunday, April 24, and they had a mix
up over what he had said about me. I
happened to pass on my bicycle at the
time and jumped off and separated them.
Then Morris struck me and I punched
him.
"I have to wear a wig, as I lost my
hair through sickness and Morris em
ployed three men to do me up. He offered
to give them $20 if they stole my wig and |
blackened my eyes; $30 if they also broke j
my nose, and $100 if they broke my neck, i
Morris deposited $30 with the bartender I
in Kapp & Street's saloon, which was to )
be paid to the three men on carrying out
their contract.
"The three men came to me and told
me what Morris had done. I gave them
an old wig of mine and it was arranged
that I should paint my eyes black and
streak my face with red ink and go where j
Morris could see me. Then the three men j
went to him with the old wig and told ,
him how they had done me up. He tore i
the wig to pieces and was so delighted !
that he took them to Kapp & Street's :
and handed them the $30. They will ap- i
pear as witnesses for me when the cases
come on.
"Last Sunday Roberts met my brother j
and me on Golden Gate avenue and he b*»- I
gan to abuse me. I had a badge of tfie I
national colors in my button hole and
Roberts said that I was a nice American '
to wear that rag in my buttonhole, think- i
Ing it would make me all right. H>j had I
a large pair of pliers in his hand and he j
raised them up as if* he was going to |
strike me. My brother jumped in and ]
they rolled onto the street. I separated j
them and he again made for me with the !
pliers and I punc-hed him."
Aaron intends fo take action against his I
brother, Morris, for employing the three '
men to assault him, and a lively time is
expected before the whole affair is settled
In court.
Sentence Suspended.
When Clay M. Powell, the pharmacy
student, appeared before Judge Campbell
yesterday for sentence for falling: to pro
vide for his young child, his father asked
the Judge to defer sentence till Saturday,
ac he was endeavoring to effect a recon
ciliation between the young man and nU
wife. Tbo request was granted.
HUNTINGTON
FLIRTS WITH
THE FACTS
Spends Another Day
Dodging Pertinent
Questions.
Frequently Troubled With
Remarkable JLapses
of Memory.
Says He Enjoys the Associa
tion With the Railroad
Commission.
POSES AS A BENEFACTOR.
On« More Day Spent In Trying to As
certain the Cost of Southern
Pacifio Lines.
Collis P. Hunttnpton was In a communi
cative mood yesterday. He told the Rail
road Commission almost everything it did
not want to know, and just to show that
he was a good fellow he promised to try
and refresh his memory about a few
things concerning which the commission
has spent three days in trying to get some
information.
The railroad magnate's memory seems
to be wonderfully retentive in some spots
and sadly deficient in others. For in
stance, ho remembered that before the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company
were built the stage fare from Lob An
geles to Tucson was J6O, but he could not
tell within $40,000,000 the amount of the
capital stock of the cor-oration of which
he Is the head and front. When correct
ed on the latter point he begged the par
don of the commission by saying that the
figures had slipped his mind. He was
very positive, however, about the amount
of the stage fare, and he even volunteered
to go Into particulars concerning other
matters ante-dating the dawn of civiliza
tion In the far West for the purpose of
showing, he said, that had It not been for
his guiding hand the inhabitants of the
Golden State would still be wallowing in
the muck of semi-barbarism.
lhe Commissioners wanted to know the
cost and present value of the Southern
Pacific lines, so they renewed their ap
peal to Uncle Collis to enlighten them on
the subject. This he was quite willing to
do, and he said so. He accordingly told
them what it cost per mile to build rail
ways in Englasd, France, Germany,
Russia and Australia, and added a
few interesting figures concerning the
bonded Indebtedness of all foreign
lines. This was highly entertaining,
but not exactly to the point. When
reminded of this the witness got
down to business and told the Commis
sioners all about the difficulties to be
encountered in building a railroad
through the State of New York, to which
account he added a chapter for each of
the States of Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Ohio, Illinois and Kentucky.
"But how much money was spent In
building the lines of the Southern Pacific
Company in this State?" persisted Chair
man L.a Rue.
"Now that Is a difficult question to an
swer off hand," replied the magnate, "but
I will do all that I can to assist you in
finding out. You must understand that
the Contract and Finance Company un
dertook to build and equip the lines for
all of the bonds and stock of the roads.
You know the amount of the bonds and
stock, so there you have the cost ol the
roads."
"We don't care about u«e bonds and
stock. What we want you to tell us is
how much cash was actually expended
in the construction of these roads. Will
you do this?"
"To be sure I will. At least I will do all
that I can to aid you In determining the
facts. There are so many things that en
ter into the Item of cost that you can well
understand that the matter is adlfflcult one.
These roads were built a great many years
ago, and I presume that the original con
tracts have been destroyed. If I had
thought they would ever have been need
ed I would gladly have preserved them,
for It is my dsire to conceal nothing from
this commission or from the public. I
would like to say. if the commission will
permit me. that these roads have been
a great thing for California. The Gov
ernment was also very anxions that we
should build the Southern Pacific line. It
has been a great thing for the Govern
ment."
"But what did the road cost?"
"I don't think I could tell at this mo
ment within a million dollars— even sev
eral million dollars. You will understand,
of course, that wt> were entitled at least
to a fair days wares for our work. I am '
sure that I put in many days of hard '
work."
"That is all very well." said T,a Rue.
"but I don't see that we are making much
progress with this inquiry-"
"But we are having a good time," re
plied Huntington, as he leaned back In his
chair and complacently stroked his beard.
Huntington was asked if he was willing
that the cost of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley road should be taken
as a basis upon which to figure the cost
of the Southern Pacific lines.
"Not at all. Not at all." was the quick
response. "It is my belief that that road
was built for fun. I don't do business for j
fun a.s a regular thing."
"What was realized by the Southern
Pacific Company for the sale of outstand
ing bonds?"
r'lr 'I am sure I don't know. If I can b© of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACK AY'S GREAT
Carpet and Furniture Sale
This Week and Until Further
Notice Sweeping Reductions.
CARPET DEPARTMENT. | FURNITURE DEPARTMENT.
CAn For Tapestry, good weaving, not j 0 10 QC Solid oak 3-piece Chamber
O*fU the cheap printed kind; 20 pat- iJJIU.Ud Suit: large French plate
terns. mirror. .
CO* Heavy Tapestry, close weave; >* in "JC Hardwood, antique finish, 3
DZu patterns suitable for any pur- $llifU pieces, well made
pose. '
77« Best quality . 10- wire Tapestry, Cj - fifl full size, woven wire Mat-.
lI C Borders to match; all the best* ♦■•UU tresses.
manufacturers. ." ; : A _ __ _ „ , —■''''.
$| iO5 For Lowell Bod, Brussels.' $2.50 ™ *** W °° l Stresses.
JI^Q For Bigelow Axminster, 45 Solid, oak enter Tables.
Prices Include sewing, laying and $1.15 Solld oak Dlnln & Chalrs
lining. . |
jCp Heavy quality China Matting. CX QQ Eastern hardwood Extension
$1 95 For Ingrain Art Squares. is 2 25 Elegant Cobbler Rockers.
THE ABOVE ARE BUT A FEW HINTS. YOU MUST SEE OUR
ENTIRE STOCK TO APPRECIATE THE GENUINE REDUCTIONS
WATCH OUR WINDOWS. gBS|
ALEX MACK AY & SON
: .7..1.S Market Street.
any assistance to you In finding out I will
gladly do so."
"19 the Southern Pacific Company re
sponsibl* for the payment of the interest
on these bonds?"
"I am not in a position to give you the
Information you desire on that point. It
may be that I can find out for you; if so
I will gladly do so. It Is not my desire to
withhold any information sought by thw»
commission."
Having acquitted himself so well Hunt
lngton was excused for the day. The ex
amination will go on again at 1 o'clock
to-day, the commission being determined
to keep the artful dodger on the rack all
summer If such a length of time is neces
sary to make him divulge some of the
much sought for secrets of the corpora
tion which he controls.
TAKEN FOB SPIES.
Two Visitors From the Country Get
Themselves Arrested.
Through a foolish desire to wear false
mutton-chop whiskers Joseph V. Dav
ner, a saloon keeper at Sunol, got himself
and friend, M. de Vecas, a beet planter at
Pleasanton. arrested at the ferry yester
day morning on suspicion of being Span
ish spies.
They first aroused the suspicion of the
conductor on the train from Pleasanton
and some of the passengers, and when
they left the train to board the ferry
boat the conductor telephoned to the
harbor police. When they reached tho
city Sergeant A van and Policeman Smith
placed them under arrest and they were
taken to police headquarters. Chief Uef>s
heard their story and upon having it con
firmed he released them from custody.
Davner said: "I wore the whiskers that
I might look like a sport, but I guess J
won't play sport any more." His whis
kers were confiscated.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Mrs. Mary Murpny Makes Another
Attempt to End Her Life.
Mrs. Mary Murphy, who has a saloon at
S2lVi Howard street, was found in a rear
room In the saloon yesterday afternoon
apparently dying from carbolic and poi
son. She was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, and everything was done for her.
but the opinion was expressed that she
could not recover. , ,
She has been addicted to drink, and
Tuesday the police took from nor one of
her children. Her husband has not been
living with her for some time. About a
month ago she attempted to end her lire
by cutting her throat.
WANT THE MEN
TO COME IN
Social Activities Are Discussed
at the Woman's Con
gress.
Congress to Clos* To-Morrow in a
Blaze of Intellectual
Glory.
Badinage went back and forth on the
floor of the Woman's Congress yesterday
afternoon. There were mirth and merri
ment, and man. whom all heretofore
believe to be the bete noir of the assem
blage, was the gratifying source of It all.
The maiority of the ladies want to in
vite man In, to make him an active mem
ber of their clubs and practically, as well
as theoretically, show him their respect,
affection and regard and incidentally tneir
equality.
They don't want any more women s
clubs and men's clubs. They want men
and women clubs, that is with one ex
ception. Miss Manning, and she is proba
bly the exception that proves the rule.
Miss Manning feels there are already
too many men identified with the fair
fame of the congress, altogether too
many men on the programme and equally
too many accorded seats of honor on the
platform.
"We have succeeded in establishing suc
cessful woman's clubs," proclaimed Miss
Manning. "At first man sneered at us
and now that we ride on the top wave
why should we call man In to run it?"
Afiss Manning's question was taken up
and the "floor" was soon in the midst of
a merry debate. A representative of a
St. Louis woman's club made a witty
plea for man's admission, and she based
her belief of man's particular utility on
the fact that the Creator probably in
tended him for some use. An Indiana
lady, a visiting club woman from New
Orleans and many others took up the
question, and if a majority always wins
man will soon be coaxed to join woman's
clubs. Mrs. J. W. Orr's paper, "The In
fluence of Women's Clubs on Social Life."
was the first paper of the afternoon.
Mrs. Orr traced the work of woman's
clubs from the beginning to the present
day, pointing out graphically their growth
and benefits.
The lady said In part: "Women have
found encouragement, strength and
power in association with one another.
The club is the preparatory- school for
women horn, too soon for college life.
Clubs are only strong as they are a unit
in action. Clubs have given an impetus
to the minds of women. There is no more
beneficial social force than the club
movement among women. In them they
are learning the significance of that
phrase, "The solidarity of human inter
ests and the lessons of tolerance.' They
are learning to be less personal and more
Individual.
"Busy, bracing and brilliant are the
three cnaracterlstlca of the modern club
woman. Club women want to come into
closer touce with her husband's inter
ests. The woman who has no interest out
side her home is' not a well woman.
Knowledge gained in club life makes her
a more enlightened mother, a more com
panionable wife."
Prefessor G. Kriehn closed the after
noon session with his paper on "Ameri
can Amusement?."
Professor Kriehn divided his paper fnto
first the enjoyment of little things in life,
second the enjoyment of the beauties of
nature and third the enjoyment of the
beauties of art. The professor deplored
the fact that the rapid life of the aver
age American prevented him having any
amusement. He contended that the
proper use of pleasure made the glory of
Athens and Florence. "America can do
likewise," he said. "She has enough
money to do ft and she must foster it be
fore it is too late."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• — ■ : ■"* y '"''
SOMETHING
YOU NEED
The usual form of life insur-
ance policy provides for pay-
ment at the death of the in-
sured to those who have been
named as beneficiaries. An
endowment policy is also so
• payable, with the further pro-
vision that it shall be paid
the insured himself if he sur-
vive some specified fixed
term of years. The Life Op-
tion Endowment Policy sold
by The Mutual Life of New
York presents further advan-
tages of a scope not reached
by any contract offered by
other companies. j
Endowments usually cease
at maturity; the endowment
in question does not. Of
course it may so be treated,
and the face of the policy
with all accumulated surplus
be converted into immediate 1
cash. But the peculiar merit
of this policy is that at its
maturity the holder is entitled
to any one of the following
valuable options:
(i) He may draw at once*
the full cash value of policy
plus surplus; or
(2) He may take the face of)
his policy in cash, allowing
the accumulated surplus to
stand as an annuity, yielding
him a steady income ; or
(3) He may draw this sur-
plus in cash, and convert the
face value of his original
policy into an equal amount
of fully paid-up insurance,
participating in the Com-
pany's dividends, and draw-
ing an annuity of z /t% x ; '
(4) Or he may so convert
both the face of the policy
and the surplus, receiving his
pro rata share of the annual
dividends and also the %}&s
annuity.
For full particulars call on
the nearest agent of
THE MUTUAL LIFE ',
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.
Richard A. McCurdy, President
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Executor, Assignee,
Administrator, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale,
MONDAY, MAY 1898
REAL ESTATE)
ate, Referee, Execntor, Assignee,
minist rut or, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale,
MONDAY, MAY 9th, 1898
At 12 o'clock M,
At SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY SX
. the following properties:
REFEREE SALE— Dunn Estate.
The four following properties, by order of Gustave H,
Umbsen, sole referee of the Dunn estate:
Ist.— No. 140 Minna street, N. W. line, 396 feet N. B.
of Third street ; thence N. E. 25x80 feet ; rents, 352.
2d.— i. W. corner of Page and Octavia streets, 40xS7><
fret, 2 2-story-and-basement bay window bouses of I
rooms and bath each ; brick foundation ; rents, 353.
3d. — Improvements and lot 59%x80 feet, situate N. E, :
corner of Minna and New Montgomery streets, fronting ,
80 feet on New Montgomery street ; rents, $100.
4th.— Lot situate N. W. corner Sanobez and Duncan
streets, west, ?oxll4 feet.
J. S. HOLLIDAT ESTATE
»J. S. Executor's Sale.
Fxecutor's Sale.
8. E. corner of Haight and Steiner streets; 3-story
building, store and concrete basement and 2 upper,
floors, and 2 2-story -a nd-basement bay. window houses}
rents, #120 per month; a cood business corner 53x74. '
ASSIGNEE'S SALE.
' The equity above mortgage of 12,150.30 In property
No. '.'37 Sbotwell street, E. line, 90 feet S. of 24th street!
bouse of 10 rooms; rent, f 16; 22x100.
PATRICK LANNON ESTATE.
• !• '• Executor's Sale.
No. 164 Clementina street, N. W. line, between 3d »nd
3d streets; Improvements, 3 tenements; rents, $36; 25x30;
RICHARD SAVAGE ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
Lot situate S. line of Filbert street, 137 M feet B. of
Kearny street ; 24x77 : 6, with an L 3: 6x60.
LOUIS D. QUIGLEY ESTATE.
-'Administratrix' Sale.
Lot W. line of Eureka street, 50 feet S. et 19th street-
25x80.
A GOOD MISSION CORNER.
B. E. corner of 17th and Dearborn streets, between
Valencia and Guerrero streets; 3 houses and 2 flats |
rents, 161.50; both streets accepted; houses could bo
raised and stores put underneath and be made one of
the best paying investments in city ; 51x100.
CORNER ON BRYANT STREET.
E. or S. E.- corner of Bryant and Victor streets, be.
tween 7th and Btb streets; 10 houses in 18 tenements t
rents, $200 ; lot 275x?6 : 3. .
FELL STREET.
385 Fell street, between Gough and Octarla streets
2-story house of 10 rooms and bath; 27 : 6x120 to Hickory
■venue ; house could be converted into flats at little ex.
pens-, and room for another house ; mortgage of $4,000
at 7% can remain. •-"
FLATS ON HAMPSHIRE STREET
832-2*4 Hampshire street, between 20tb and 21s»
streets; 2 flats of 5 rooms each; rents, $26 ; bay win-
dows, brick foundation, etc : 25x100.
SEVENTH, STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 442-44 7th street, B. W. line, 80 feet N. W. of
Bryant street ; front house in 2 tenements, and rear
house ; brick foundation ; stone walks ; rent, $32; 25i85.
Further particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully given
it our office.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO., Auctioneer*
14 -Montgomery Street.
"dOsnulty.
T^nlr*,F^ X^ O . WN AND RELIABLE OLT»
X Specialist ri /r M Prlvate,N>rvous,Bloo<! and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Man ly Power restore.l. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
Sam.Sfi-SiM 01 ?^ Tf^ms reasonable. Hours. 9 to!
dally , 6:30 to 8..» ev ' . Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul ta.
tlon free and sacredly confident^!. Call or addr«
_, ,**• »OSCOE JIcSUWT. W. I>.,
*Q}£ Keamr Street. San Fr»ncl»c«». Cm.
Baja California
DAMIAiNA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual . and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
'ftSK 11 * 10 '! and ' Nervine. Sells on U^owrl
rit Sr : A n >Vo n8r ;?^ de(i testimonials necessary
m. . .I'A, 3811 ' , ALFS & BRUNE, Agents
m. Market- BtraeV.a--S i .-iSend £» eSSnSbusaLEADERS FOR
THE TROOPS
Nominations Sent to the
Senate by President
* McKinley.
Men Who Will Command Di
visions and Brigades Dur
ing the War.
A Number of Annapolis Graduates
Are Assigned to iho Navy and
Marino. Corps.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs, House,
Washington, May 4.
The President to-day sent these
nominations to the Senate:
To be major generals: Brigadier Gen
eral Joseph C. Breckinridge, Inspector
General U. S. A.; Brigadier General El
well S. Otis, U. S. A.; Brigadier General
John C. Coppinger, Brigadier General Wil
liam R. Shafter, Brigadier General Wil
liam H. Graham, Brigadier General J.
P. Wade, Brigadier General Henry C.
Merriam, James H. Wilson of Delaware,
Fltzhugh Lee of Virginia, W. J. Sewell
of New Jersey, Joseph C. Wheeler of Ala
bama.
Colonels to bo brigadier generals:
Thos. M. Anderson, Fourteenth Infantry;
Charles E. Compton, Fourth Cavalry;
Abraham K. Arnold, First Cavalry; John
S. Poland, Seventeenth Infantry: Simon
Bnyder. Nineteenth Infantry; John C.
Bates, Second Infantry; Andrew S. Hurt,
Twenty-fifth Infantry Hamilton Hawkins,
Twentieth Infantry; Royal T. Frank,
First Infantry; Jacob F. Kent, Twenty
fourth Infantry; Samuel S. Sumner, Sixth
• Cavalry; Francis L. Guenther, Fourth
Artillery; Guy V. Henry, Tenth Cavalry;
John I. Rogers. Fifth Artillery; Louis H.
Carpenter, Fifth Cavalry; Samuel B. M.
Young, Third Cavalry: John M. Bacon,
Eighth Cavalry; Edward B. Williston,
Sixth Artillery.
Lieutenant-colonels to be brigadier
generals—Henry W. Lawton, inspector
general; George M. Randall, Eighth In
fantry; Theodore Schwan, assistant adju
tant-general; William Ludlow, Corps of
Engineers; Adna R. Chaff ee. Third Caval
ry; George W. Davis, Fourteenth Infan
try; Alfred E. Bates, deputy paymaster
general.
Subsistence department— Colonel Charles
Patrick Egan, to be commissary-general
of subsistence,- with rank of brigadier
general; lieutenant-colonel John Francis,
to be assistant commissary of
subsistence, with rank of colonel; Major .
Wells Willard. commissary of subsistence,
to be assistant commissary-general of sub
sistence, with rank of lieutenant-colonel;
. Captain Tusker Howard Bliss, to be com
missary of subsistence, with rank of ma
. jor; First Lieutenant John Little, Four
teenth Infantry, to be commissary of
subsistence, with rank of captain.
Pay department— Harry L. Rogers, to
be paymaster, with rank of major.
Annapolis graduates appointed to Navy
end Marine Corps— -Andrew E. Kalbach
of Pennsylvania, Ralph E. Walker, In
• diana; Daniel W. Wurtsbaugh, Texas;
Ivan C. Wettengel, Colorado; Watt Clu
verius Jr., Louisiana; Duncan M. Wood,
■ Alabama; Leigh C. Palmer. Missouri;
Thomas M. Kearney, Missouri; Arthur M.
Carhur Jr.. .Wisconsin; Frank E. Ridgley,
at large; Dudley W. Knox, Tennessee-
Charles E. Gilpin, Michigan; Mark S. El
lis, Arkansas; Earl P. Jessup, West Vir
ginia: Henry C. Mustin, Tennessee; Ro
land I. Curtin, Pennsylvania— all to be en
signs in the navy to nil vacancies.
Charles.. L. Leiper of Pennsylvania.
Gatewood L. Lincoln of Missouri. Edward
T. Fitzgerald of Texas, Albert W. Mar
shall of Texas, Charles H. Burt of Geor
gia, Kenneth G. Castleman of Kentucky,
George B. Rice of Kentucky and Arthur
Crenshaw of Alabama, ail to be assistant
engineers In the navy to fill vacancies.
Amos Bronson Jr. of Nebraska to be a
second lieutenant in the Marine Corps.
Harry H. Balthis of Colorado to be as
sistant paymaster in the navy to fill a
vacancy.
To bo Surveyor of Customs — William L.
Kesslnger at Kansas City, Mo.; Joseph
P. Woolman to be Marshal for the Dis
trict of Montana; James K. Barnes, at
torney for the western district of Arkan
sas.
Withdrawal — Nomination of Daniel C.
Miles to be agent for Indians of the Chey
enne and Arapahoe Agency in Oklahoma,
Postmasters— California: John G. Joy,
Salinas; William W. Giddings, Newman;
Mellie B. Towne, Orange; William W.
Wilson, Chico.
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN
BY THE FORESTERS.
HBALDSBURG, May 4.— The Grand
Court, Foresters of America, to-day voted
to meet next year at Santa Clara. San
Francisco and Kern City received a few
votes. The amendment to the constitu
tion to have the Grand Court meet bi
ennially was defeated, the vote being 93
in favor of the amendment and 78 against.
It required a two-thirds vote to adopt
it.
The following grand officers were elect
ed: J. Samuels, San Francisco, grand
chief rangf-r; Joseph "\\\ Hughes, Sacra
mento, grand sub-chief ranger; Frank
Conklln, San Francisco, grand treasurer:
John J. Cordy, San Francisco, grand
financial secretary; l>r. \v. A. Weldon,
San Pedro, grand recording secretary;
Hugo K. Asher, San Francisco, grand
t r woodward; J'lhn Heenan, San
Francisco, gnmd junior woodward; R. E.
. Bevan, Marysvill<\ pr-tilor beadle;
" C&arles H. Hogg, San Jose, grand junior
beadle; W;.rr<-n M. J'.lm of San Luis
Obispo, Max Grimm of Btockton and E.
■ L. Webber of Napa, grand trustees.
To-night a. ball was given In honor of
the delegates, and to-morrow they will
be given a banquet- The (Jrand Court
will adjourn to-morrow evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! Dr. Meyers & Co.,
731 MARKET STREET.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only.
•We positively guarantee to cure Varlcoeele,
Tiles and Rupture in one week. Any form of
Weakness in Bis weeks. Blood Taints, Stric-
ture and Acute and Chronic Discbarges a spe-
cialty. To show our good faith v,\y
WE NEVER ASK FOR A DOLLAR
. UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
' BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANKS
SENT SEALED FREE.
If you cannot call at the of flee don't fall to
send for the greatest book ever published for
■ men.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 Market Street, San Francisco.
Hours, g-0; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays. 9-11.
dfMiJ'r— ■ -j - " • ■ - ■ ' ■ . .---■'
INCOME-TAX
PLAN BEATEN
Mills Introduces Amend
ment in the Senate
Without Success.
m
Adoption of a Joint Resolution
in Relation to.Succession
to the Presidency.
Pettigrow Accuse* the Northwestern
of Falsifying the Returns of
the Sioux City Railroad.
Call Office, Rlggrs House,
Washington, May 4.
Quite unexpectedly a brief but sharp i
debate was precipitated in the Senate
to-day in the income tax proposition.
The resolution proposing an amend- ,
ment to the constitution of the United ,
! States in relation to the succession to
the Presidency was under discussion.
Mills of Texas proposed an amendment i
in the form of a new section
Intended to authorize Congress
to lay a tax on incomes in such j
form as to meet the requirements of j
the decision of the Supreme Court. He j
was sharply criticized for endeavoring ,
to place such a rider on a resolution
which practically all Senators fovored,
! but stood his ground and insisted upon
I a vote on his amendment. The amend
i ment was defeated (32 to 29). all the
Republicans voting against the amend
: ment and all the Democrats, except
Caffery of Louisiana, together with
the Populists and Silver Republicans,
! voting in favor of it. The joint reso
: lution which was adopted reads as fol
lows:
In all cases not provided for by article 2,
clause 5 of the constitution .where there
I is no person entitled to discharge the
I duties of the office of President the same
shall devolve upon the Yice-Presldent.
i The Congress may by law provide for the
1 ease where there is no person entitled to
hold the office of President or Vice-Presi
dent declaring what officer shall act as
'< President and such officer shall act ac
cordingly until the disability shall be re
moved or a President shall be elected.
The conference report cm the fortifi
cations appropriation bill was agreed
to.
Gear of lowa, chairman of the Pacific
Railroads Committee, called up and ob
tained consideration for a bill authorizing
■ a committee,' consisting of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of the In
terior and the Attorney-General to effect
an adjustment between the United States
and the Sioux City and Pacific Railway
Company in relation to certain bonds
issued by the United States in aid of the
j construction of the railroad. An amend
! ment to the bill offered by Harris of
j Kansas provides that the commission may
not accept less in settlement of the Gov
! ei.iment's claim than the principal of the
I bonds issued in aid of the construction of
the railroad. J
Morgan of Alabama delivered an ex
tended speech upon the measure, in the
course of which he indicated the great
importance of the measure as a prece
! dent. .' ''.^
At the conclusion of Morgan s speech
Cockrell of Missouri secured the passage
of the following resolution:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to make a report showing
I the coining value of the silver bullion in
I the treasury and the amount of the
! seigniorage and the amount of the exist
ing treasury notes Issued in its purchase,
and the amount of standard sflver dollars
j coined under the act of July 14, 1870, and
I the amount of the seigniorage and the
j amount of treasury notes redeemed in
such dollars and retired."
Harris, continuing the debate upon the
pending railroad bill, ur^ed the adoption
of his amendment as the very least that
Congress could do in protecting the in
terests of the country-
Pettigrew of South Dakota said that the
Sioux City Railroad was a link so Im
portant to the Northwestern system that
I if the Government should Insist upon the
payment of its principal claim in full,
! about $1,600,000. the Northwestern would
pay it. He declared that the Northwest
ern officials had for years falsified the re
turns from the Sioux City Railroad with
the plan in view of securing the road at
a nominal price. He said he proposed
to offer an amendment to the amendment
providing that not less than $3,000,000
should be accepted by the commission in
settlement of the Government's claim.
At 3:35 p. m. the Senate went Into exec
utive session, and when the doors were
reopened Hawley presented the report of
the conferees of ine'bill suspending the
! law relating to the purchase of supplies
jby the Quartermaster's Department of
: the army.
Hawley, after the reading of the report,
moved that it be agreed to.
Morgan thought the proposed law was
j unwise, imprudent and unnecessary. He
i said that it was most extraordinary that
j bureau officers should be authorized to go
: into the open market and purchase un
i limited supplies. After a brief discus
! sion of the report it was laid over until
i to-morrow. Then at 5 o'clock the Senate
1 adjourned. _^_^_________
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Results of the Games Played by
National League Teams.
NEW YORK, May 4.— ln the seventh in- i
ning, with three men on bases, Davis
rapped a good single to centerfield, which
was fumbled by Hamilton. Three men
came over the rubber and New York was
never headed. Attendance 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 6 3
New York 8 11 1
BatterieE — Rusie and Warner; Stiyetta and
Bergpn. Umpires — Andrews and Emslie.
PITTS BURO. May 4.— The game was
plow and uninteresting. Attendance 1200.
Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg S 10 4
Chicago 7 10 4
li:itt<;rles— Tunnehill and Schriver; Griffith
and Donahue. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Brooklyns
wcjn to-day's game without an effort.
Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 11 8 1
WashiiiKton 2 7 7
Battrrif-a— Y eager and Grim; Ryan, Mercer
and Farrell. Umpires — Connolly and Lynch.
CLEVELAND. 0., May 4.— Cleveland
bunched its hits in the fourth and made
four runs, winning the game. The
weather was cold and the crowd small.
Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 8 13 1
Louisville 3 12 8
Batteries — Wilson and Zlmmer; Dowllng and
Wilson. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
BALTIMORE, May 4.— Errors by Cross
gave the Orioles two runs and the game.
Attendance 1275. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 8 0
Philadelphia 2 6 I
Batteries— Me Jam«>H and Clark*; Wheeler and
McFarland. Umpires — Curry and Snyder.
CINCINNATI, May 4.— Cincinnati-St.
Louis game postponed, rain.
NOT BADLY PUNISHED.
Witnesses Tell of the Fight That
Cost McCarty's Life.
SACRAMENTO, May 4.— The examina
tion of Griffo, Fellman, Schuler, Woods,
McConnell and Corrigan for manslaugh
ter in connection with the death of J. H.
Devitt, known as McCarthy, who was
fatally' punished by Griffo in the ring last
week, was not concluded to-day. Con
siderable testimony was taken and it was
all to the effect that there, was no severe
punishment apparently inflicted on Mc-
Carthy. Even the City Attorney, who as
sisted in the prosecution, was present at
the ring side, as also the Chief of Police
and eight of his officers, and nobody
thought McCarthy was severely punished.
Missioiiariec in Danger.
BOSTON, May 4.— The American mls-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
slonaries who are reported to be in dan
ger from the rebellion among- the natives
on the west coast of Africa are those of
the United Brotherhood of Christ, whose
foreign field was at Shangay (not Shon
gay), among the Sherberi people, in 1855.
The territory now covered by this so
ciety includes about 7000 square miles and
its missionaries visit nearly a hundred
towns. Seven stations have been estab
lished on the west coast of Africa. The
Rufus Clark Training School is located
at Shangay.
PROFESSOR GRIGGS GIVES
HIS IDEA OF PATRIOTISM.
Not Only Love of Country, but Con
sideration for All Man
kind.
SAN RAFAEL, May 4.— The educational
heavy-weights had another inning to-day
at the Teachers' Institute. Among those
who addressed .ne large number present
at both the morning and afternoon ses
sion were Professor Griggs of Stanford,
Professor Edwards of Berkeley, City Su
perintendent of Schools J. W. McCly
monds of Oakland and E. W. Davis, sec
retary of the Board of Regents of the
State University.
Professor F. W. Wright, the first lec
turer, gave an interesting address on the
subject, '"Arithmetic in the Elementary
Schools." Professor G. C. Edwards eluci
dated how arithmetic should be taught,
and Professor MeClymonds followed with
the theme, "Practical Number Work."
All these topics were discussed by the
institute.
After recess Miss Etta Shaver rendered
a vocal solo, followed by a brief speech
on "Direct and Indirect Ethical Instruc
tion" by Professsor Griggs. Professor
Edwards spoke of "Algebra ana Geometry
in the High Schools. He was in favor
of their introduction even if the names
had to be changed to overcome existing
prejudice.
Professor Davis spoke on "I Told You
So"— a very broad theme. Professor
Griggs excited great interest by his" clear
and incisive treatment of the subject,
"The Training in American Citizenship."
In his opinion this training should be on
broad lines, and it is wrong for anybody
to favor his own country in am- affair in
which that country's course would mili
tate against the best interests of the rest
of the civilized world or humanity gen
erally. This delineation of patriotism
seemed to meet with considerable com
mendation.
HONOR A LEADER
OF THEIR CHURCH
Catholic Dignitaries Participate
in a Celebration at New-
York.
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of Aroh
taisshop Corrigan's Elevation to
the Episcopate.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, May 4.— Not since the
laying of the cornerstone of St. Pat
rick's Cathedral in 1869 has there been
a celebration among Roman Catholics
of this country equal in ceremony and
magnificence to that begun to-day to
celebrate the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the elevation to the episcopate of the
Most Reverend Michael Augustine Cor
rigan. There was a pontifical high
mass at 10 o'clock this morning at the
cathedral, the silver chimes were rung
for the first time, and there waa a pro
cession of notable Catholic clergymen,
with a guard of honor of 500 cadets.
Every clergyman taking part in the
mass was a dignitary of the church.
The Papal delegate, Archbishop Mar
tinelli was present. A grand orches
tra, selected singers and enlarged
chorus supplied the music.
A certificate of cancellation for the
debt of $300,000 on the Dunwoodie Sem
inary, conceived and begun by the
Archbishop, was handed to him, it
having been raised by popular sub
scription in a few months.
The clergymen for the mass were
chosen to represent every year of the
Bishop's episcopate. T4je vestments
were made of cloth of silver and em
broidery of gold, surpassing in magni
ficence the remarkable vestments al
ready in St. Patrick's vestry, some of
which cost $5000 apiece. A grand ban
quet followed the pontifical mass, at
tended by 500 priests. To-morrow there
will be a service at the Cathedral by
6000 children to end the two days' cele
bration.
The Cathedral was superbly deco
rated. One feature attracting attention
was an electric illumination immediate
ly over the grand altar. It consisted of
the words "Ecce Saceresdes Magnus"
(Behold the Great Priest), with an il
luminated mitre over it. Shields in her
aldic colors of the dioceses of Brook
lyn, Newark, Albany, Rochester, Buf
falo and Syracuse were placed at either
side of the grand altar.
ROUTINE BUSINESS
BEFORE THE HOUSE.
Several Features in the Alaska Land
Bill Eliminated by the
Conferees.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The House to
day adopted the conference report upon
the fortifications bill. The remainder of
the session was consumed with the con
sideration of the Alaskan land bill and
a resolution for the repeal of an act pro
hibiting the passage of importations in
bond through the territory of the United
States into the "free zone" of Mexico.
The latter was passed, but the Alaskan
measure went over.
The conference report upon the act ex
tending the Homestead laws and provid
ing for the right of way for railroads in
Alaska was called up by Lacey of lowa.
The conference eliminated the features
formerly in the bill providing for the ap
pointment of a commission to consider the
North Atlantic fishing and other trade re
lations controversies with Canada, upon
which the House on Monday rejected the
report upon a point of order.
Lacey explained the bill as reported
from conference. He then moved the
previous question, but Pitney, who had
opposed the passage of the bill without
extended debate, raised the point of no
quorum.
Lacey immediately moved to adjourn
and an adjournment was taken at 4:20
o'clock.
Beindeer Dying Rapidly.
6EATTL.E, May 4.— Captains D. L. Bral
nerd and George Ruhlen, U. S. A., of the
Government Alaskan relief expedition, re
turned to-day and immediately left for
Washington. They state that the Govern
ment herd of reindeer is rapidly dying
on the Chilcoot Mountains and not more
than one-half of the original herd sur
vives. The expedition has proven a com
plete failure, owing to lack of natural
food for the animals to subsist on.
EAST AND WEST UNITED.
Horace D. Pillsbury of This City and
Miss Elizabeth Taylor of Boston
Married.
Miss Elizabeth Taylor, daughter of
Colonel Charles Taylor, the well-known
newspaper owner of Boston, was married
to Horace D. Pillsbury of this <tfty at
noon yesterday, in Trinity Church, Bos
. ton.
Miss Taylor, besides possessing great
beauty, Is heiress to her father's fortune.
Mr. Pillsbury is a son of E. S. Pillsbury,
the prominent attorney. • He was taken ill
last year with appendicitis, and it was
feared he would not survive. Miss Tay
lor and her father journeyed to this city
and helped nurse him during his illness.
Young Pillsbury is a graduate of Harvard
and of Hastings Law College. "While at
the former university he took a prominent
part in athletics, being a member of the
college crew. Mr. and Mrs. Pillsbury will
shortly visit this city, where they will
take up their residence.
NEW YORK SUN
LOSES A POINT
Is Denied an Injunction
Against the Associ
ated Press.
Conflict of Evidence the Ground
of Judge Lacombe's
Ruling.
News Corporation May Prevent Its
Members Patronizing Outside
Agenaiea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Judge La
combe, in the United States Circuit
Court, has denied the motion of the
New York Sun for a temporary injunc
tion pendente lite, restraining the As
sociated Press from prohibiting its
i newspapers from buying or using the
Sun service. Judge Lacombe, in his
opinion, says:
Th« mbb at bar is evidently not one
arising under the anti-trust act of 1890.
Complainant has brouerht a suit in equity
for an injunction, but by the terms of the
anti-trust act that form of relief is con-
the act of 1890
(as such act is construed by the Supreme
I Court), created a wholly new offense, un
' known to the law as it was then admin
i istered in the courts, and which had been
committed, probably daily, ever since this
country began to have any trade at all.
It was quite to be expected that Con
gress would provide special remedies for
the violations of the terms of this stat-
I ute and to such remedies all persons
claiming to be aggrieved by acts which
are offfnses only because this statute
makes them so should be restricted.
For a similar reason complainant cannot
maintain this suit in equity under the
New York statute concerning agreements
or combinations in restraint of trade.
That statute empowers the Attorney
General to enforce it by suit in equity.
There are averments in the complaint
that the acts of defendant and its officers
by which complainant is aggrieved are
the result of a malicious combination to
injure complainant without just cause or
excuse, inspired by i.l will and a deliber
ate intention to harm the complainant
without reference to any lawful exorcise
of defendant's rights. But there is a
conflict of evidence as to the facts as
serted, defendants vigorously denying in
their affidavits the averment of the com
plainant; and it is not the practice in this
circuit to grant preliminary injunctions
when there is such conflict as to the es
sential facts. Such relief must be sought
at final hearing, when the testimony of
conflicting affidavits may be submitted to
the test of cross-examination.
CRAZED SPANIARD RUNS
LOOSE AT STOCKTON.
Threatens to Murder a Woman and
Has a Hard Tussle With an
Officer.
STOCKTON, May 4.— A message came
late this afternoon to the police office
from Weber avenue and East streets,
stating that a Spaniard had tried to kill
a whole family. The patrol wagon was
driven thither post haste, with Officer
Craig aboard. He found the supposed
murderer at the corner of Main street,
and that he had threatened to kill Mrs.
Christ at the next corner. The fellow went
to the house and asked fur something to
eat. When refused he made a rush for
the woman, exclaiming. "I'm a Spaniard,
and I'll kill the whole family."
Mrs. Christ shut the door in his face.
Officer Craig had a hard tussle with the
fellow in the patrol wagon. The Span
iard called the officer a Republican, and
started in to choke him. The policeman
got a deadly grip on the murderous Span
iard, however, and settled his case in
short order, laying him out on the bottom
of the vehicle. The belligerent bit one of
the officer's fingernail's on! in the en
counter.
It was found that the man had been in
an atvlum once and had gone daft again
over his country's troubles. He was re
turned to the madhouse.
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
AT LAKE BENNETT.
Large Number of Gold Seekers Gath
ered at the Yukon Head
waters.
LAKE BENNETT, B. C, April 26, via
Tacoma, May 4.— Fully 3000 people axe
located here on their way to the Yukon.
SKAGUAY, April 30.— The derelict and
libeled bark Canada was sold at auction
yesterday by order of the United States
District Court. C. A. Bullcn purchased
the ship and cargo for $2200.
A cut-rate war has been In operation
between the Chllkoot Railway and Trans
port Company and the Dyea-Klondlko
Company, and rates have dropped from
12 and 14 cents to 8 and 9 cents.
Deputy Collector Floyd made a raid on
the liqubr dealers here yesterday and con
traband stimulants were conveyed to the
Custom House. The saloons were all wide
open again in fifteen minutes.
The Skaguay mining district has been
organized.
The arrival of the steamer City of Se
; attle this morning brought the first news
of hostilities between the United States
and Spain.
BATTLE OF BALLOTS AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
Nearly 900 Votes Cast in the Asso
ciated Students' Election.
PALO ALTO, May 4.— The eighth an
nual election of the Associated Students
■was held to-day, and resulted In the se
lection of the following oflieers: Presi
dent, C. E. Schwartz; vice-president, T.
T. C. Gregory; secretary, Miss Frances
Tucker; treasurer, A. B. Morgan; exec
utive committee— W. C. Crandall, Ralph
Arnold, C. E. Loughead, A. J. Edwards,
P. K. Gllman and Q. A. Cantwell; athletic
committee — E. A. Williams, J. T. Nourse,
J. A. Bentley. Clare Strohn. R. N. Diggles,
Rea Smith and E. W. Smith; editor-in
chief of Dally Palo Alto, c. P. Cutter,
business manager of Daily Palo Alto, E.
E. Morgan; editor of Sequoia, Bristow
Adams; business manager of Sequoia,
Fayetta Birtoh; baseball manager, J. F.
Lanagan; track manager, R. K. Culver;
tennis manager, R. C. Victor.
Great Interest was manifested In the
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' \*_ _._'*'
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FREE.
V «t*Y(l^ OT7ffi6 ft^L^ OUR ALT Y— Crown and Bridge
V. «oNr^A ' -N' r : ' : " J**tfom- i Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
m/ym /y ff\ -v Tne rllnlc is always ahead In Advanced
- w|\^ j(^r?>i^S^^L "^ -&>P Dental Science. No Students Employed.
'.^^'^HK Jr)*^ s^^ N For the Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be: (
'^' ' i^--H^l J^^^/^^> '^ ; FULL SET OF TEETH f0r............ $4  0 up
j4i«?rv» m^%&Z£J%s! k\~A. TMMI gold crowns, 22k 3so up
-T»E l/U I^fffifflWm\^T^» in *y* ' BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
"-• ; / / '' / '4P« A ' — -^ SILVER FILLING 25c up
FOP /Wit, '$&&*' 'A\ YOlP^. gold filling. 75c up
" /Mi/? M^*& '\^ ~"'r^-^T, CLEANING TEETH 50c up
W? & lii xtrac o ed A Physician Always in Attendance.
TCCTUI"' J\ »M CROWN ED SKILLED OPERATORS— LADY ATTENDANT.
It L 11l |gfi , Wilf ; Brid«ework • PHONE DAVIS 654.
-.:■ ;• \- WITHOUT PAIN. ,- ;; '; : ' ■' T. E. STRONG.
' . Olflce Hours— a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays.. 9a. m. to 2 p. m.';, , :.
election, and 895 votes were cast, this
being by far the largest number of votes
ever polled at Stanford. The fight for
treasurer of the student body was most
spirited, A. B. Morgan gaining a majority
of seven votes over C. M. Fickert and F.
S. Howard.
TWO MURDERS AS THE
RESULT OF A QUARREL
Employes on a Kansas Ranch Shot
and Fatally Wounded by a
Former Companion.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 4.— A special
to the Capitol from Maple Hill states
that Edwin Franzcon and Gus Carbon,
employes at F wler's ranch, two miles
west of that place, -were fatally shot
this evening by John Thomas, a former
employe at the ranch. Thomas is said
to have shot the men as a result of
some trouble about a woman.
Thomas went to Fowler's ranch at
about 9 o'clock and shot Franzcon with
a Winchester rifle. He then returned
to the hotel at Maple Hill, borrowed an
overcoat and rented a horse from a liv
er- stable. He then went to the ranch
and shot Carbon. Still later he can.c to
the ranch a third time and took a shot
at the crowd which had gathered in
the vicinity.
Thomas has not returned the horse
nor the overcoat. Descriptions have
been telegraphed all over the State and
the trains are being watched. It is
supposed, however, that he made his
escape on horseback. A posse has been
organized and is scouring the country.
LOYAL LABORERS
OF COLORADO STATE.
The Federation Pledges 50,000 Union
Men in Case of Need in the
"War.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 4.
The Colorado Federation of Labor, in
convention assembled, to-day pledged
the services of the 50,000 labor union
ists in this State to the President of the
United States in case of need in the
existing war. The resolution declared
strongly for Cuban independence and
seconded everything that the Govern
ment had done in the interests of that
country. The convention decided
against the contemplated bond issue
and called upon Congress to coin the sil
ver in the treasury and if that is not
sufficient to issue legal tender direct to
the people.
PRIZE CREW LOSES
A VESSEL'S CHARTS.
Cruises Aimlessly About for Eight
Days Before It Encounters a
Steamship.
KEY WEST. Fla.. May 4.— The Span
ish fishing smack Do Septembre, was
brought in to-night by a prize crew
from the Helena. She was taken eight
days ago in Yucatan channel by the
gunboat. Adverse weather was en
countered, during which the charts
were blown overboard, and the cap
tors, with their little prize, cruised
aimlessly about the waters of the Gulf
until yesterday, when the British
steamer Jamaica was encountered and
put her on her course.
STRANGE CRAFT VISITS
ENSENADA HARBOR.
SAN DIEGO, May 4.— A dispatch
from Ensenada states that night be
fore last, Just before dark, a strange
craft, almost entirely submerged and
flying no flag, entered the harbor. Of
ficers were seen taking a rapid survey
of the situation through glasses. The
craft steamed around a few minutes
and then left, heading northward. It
is supposed to be a torpedo-boat, but
its nationality was not obtainable.
FIGHT TO A DRAW.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 4.— ln the
presence of 15,000 spectators Australian
Jimmy Ryan and Jack McDonough of
Chicago fought twenty rounds to a draw
here to-night. Both men finished strong,
and the only time when either was in
danger of going out was in the second
round, when the Chicago man swung
heavily on Ryan's jaw, dazing him.
Rvan saved himself by clinching, and
came up strong in the next round. Ryan
conceded twenty pounds to his opponent.
NEW ANGELS OF MERCY.
Graduation Exercises of the Class of
'98 of the Children's Hospital.
The graduating exercises of the class
of '98 of the Children's Hospital, consist
ing of ten professional nurses, were hela
at the Sorosis Club last evening, under
th« direction of Mrs. W. Harrington, the
Presklent of the hospital. The little hall
in the rear of the club rooms, where the
exercises were held, was one blaze of
lltrht and artistic decoration. In honor of
the occasion, and pleasant smiles and
sympathetic words were tendered the new
messengers of mercy on every hand
Many eloquent addresses were delivered
in eulogium of the noble career of the
nurse her duties, her cares and the abso
fme necessity of her ministrations to. Mlf
i fC AmonK U t"i'e n pro'minent speakers were Dr.
Henry Iherman and Dr. G. C. Adams.
Who outlines the nurse's profession which
has for its foundation and basis self
sacrifice In the caro and welfare of
Ot The S 'young ladies were dressed Ib pure
white wearing the nurse's cap. and Inci
dentally the good-natured and pleasing
smile which does more to characterize her
nrotVssion than any uniform that custom
might dictate to single her out as a mes
senger of love and mercy among the gen
eral horde of mankind.
Before the farewell prayer was deliv
ered by Dr Adams Mrs. Harrington, who
seemed and in fact was, the leading
•^Dtrit <>f the occasion, as a defense against
the so-called impropriety of woman tak
intf up her position on the battlefield oe
side the injured and the dying, claimed
that the present generation, although in
clined to lean toward this opinion, would
Inf. ire long discard it as a sophistry and
clamor through urgent necessity for the
young nurse to care and minister to the
i iniured. sick and dying soldiers of the na
tion who have gone forth to seek their
i rlpfith in the yellow fever stricken dis
< trk-ts of Cuba.
As the diplomas were distributed a
magnificent floral donation was presented
with them to each graduate. Those who
received the sheep, skins were: Miss
Romie W. Caldweil, Miss Ethel Sherman,
Miss Margaret Chappell. Miss Annie Fox,
Mlsa \delaide Lundborg, Miss Ada Rust,
Miss Nellie M. Ker. Miss Daisy Steves,
Miss Mary Leonard and Miss Evelyn
Brown.
GREAT COURSING PROMISED.
Seventy-Two Dogs Will Run at
Union Coursing Park Saturday
Afternoon.
Coursing is an outdoor sport that is cer
tainly gaining ground in this State. Last
evening seventy-two entries were received
for the great open stake meeting which
will be held at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday and Sunday.
The prizes are $200, $100, $75, $50, $50,
next four $25 each, next nine $12 50 each,
next eighteen $5 each. The specials are:
Doge beaten by ultimate winner in first
round, $12 50, and in second round $10
extra: dogs beaten by runner-up in firsc
round, $7 50, and in second round $7 50
extra; dogs beaten by winner of third
prize in the first round $5, and in the sec
ond round $5 extra; total amount of
prizes, $525. The entries are:
P. Gorman's Kingston vs. Pierce & Sulll
van's Little Weazel; R. C. Scott's Mystery vs
Simmons & Donohoe's Moore's Prescription;
Curtis & Son's McKinley vs. Derby Kennel's
Master McGregor- M. Nealon's Van Knapp vs
E. Scott's Lord Byron; W. C. Glasson's Ter
rona vs. E. V. Sullivan's Mira Monte; P J.
H.>aley's Rusty Gold vs. D. L. Deslmone's
liiickwa; E. V. Sullivan's Jester vs. W H
Hinchman's Chlquita: N. Hottaus' Correct vs
Seller & Weill's Sharkey; G. Whitney's Theron
vh. J. J. Edmund's F-.rget; W. J. Junes' Queen
Ann va. E.V. Sullivan's Blackstone; Pasha Ken
nel's Arapahoe vs. J. A. Watson's Sky Queen;
'
ADVERTISEMENT.
Jj^xy^St^S The Pets Of Every Klondike Camp.
i^\^fc^|^^p^ for miners. Send name and
S^illpir i X^eSf^A. Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
l^ ar ' cet st *» an Francisco, Cal.
T"*"**""" I*'1 *' **"" T". " """ 1 ! afßfcDllin UflTCl Tariff-Plan sent on
EinAiiu nil I tL. Application, «n-
w.'w /N^.trMl/'C "imilU lIUIL.L) aWInK rooms to bo
Ist I a J f^a I]! IC s""** 9*9 ha niO secured by corres-
JrVa— \Jl WEfVilttHl. ■ 8J PAR Q Pon dene©, and
. 1 ni liV_^. - Terms arranged.
Mf^ ■m T »u<cm|P<tn«<; - ■'■'-'■■ Tariff -Plan can also
ll] I I mm - 1 I •^'Sl ' ibe obtained at ail Sleeping- Car Agencies.
■ \nr\*r 1 1 % * '*Kt<7 'Unique situation on the Grands Boulevards,
j the Place de 1' Opera, the Rue Scribe, the Rue
■NT/>» rnmnlptc without a SllDDlv tii ? ' Auber. All the Comforts of Modern Life. Lift
NOt Complete Wlinoui a supply Ol J , a] , Nignt _ Electricity Throughout. Poet and
Telegraph Office. Ticket Office for ' Theaters.
' IM -_ • ; •"■ * j Special ' Carriage Service. Bathrooms. Hy-
ng ii'»<^T,lWi ) , I drotherapy. 800 Rooms and Saloons. Sump-
~~3 < &7\ tuous Apartments. ROOMS from 5 FRANCS.
.:;-. (•.; C"*-*-JteaO3i e» an KWtis^^S \ Special terms for Families. Table d'Hote at
P»^r~ cu * I>£1 >£- Htt£a3 v\o^ i I Separate Tables in the Salle dea Fetes. One
"•fr >T^*~ ii ■■■ hi rZ^Tiif*- of the Sights of the Capital. RESTAURANT
IWP^ A LA CARTE DEJEUNERS, 5 FRANCS.
DINNERS. 8 FRANCS (everything included).
THE GRAND HOTEL,
*i!!!^*Js*Stf!ao£~^Lr j BOULEVARD DES CAPUCINES. PARIS.
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
GAIL BORBEN !• at a Hormal-eye should clearly
KJB.LL, &VFLU&IX - OISTIH6UISH LETTER) %«TAHIHCHbOHa.
EAGLE BRAND \ CALL and HAVE yoOR EYES JESTED
• CONDENSED MILK //$ 2f /? ~- *//^
Highest reputation for keeping: qtial- <&i&'j2/L&/WvC+Vr2&T&£<[] i
Itv : hence, no experiment ; no loss. . ■omww w ww ~^*^s D M ,. ->■. /
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. (PC IA *i» T^oT°^ b JppUtS
, > u .^ -J.J-:. — ~4 642 MARKET 5t..
- I_— : UNDER OHRPN'CLE BUILDING.
/\n A V or FADED HATB REBTORED to ' -■ • ' ~~ w w w-^ *—> r-*
CRAY ***&&&>>' %«; \A/. T. HESS,
moves dandruff and scalp disease. Don't' stain KOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
•kin. Covers BALD spits. Absolutely harmless, Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Large Jipttles 50 [cents,! lit flrusifists. Hatwl »sent». Telephone Brown 931..
R^aSHr^ r^a^dfe s 5 r Skft *<*gzs ß^ <*»**** «**. ™™
iixS: COFFIN. JREDIKQTOX i C<l ' Ban Francisco.
;^^ELECTRIG BELTS
rcbtNL /\\ />l^ f'v N \/ 7\ l^§sffl Are good things If properly made, but Borne of
«%j/g»j»» "\I / ' x ' kfjaMm the things which are sold as "electric belts"
VKf7F£TfIMM|n 9 jM,*V / __jyj|i|UUlUßf.lfrjßHr at nl^ h P rlces by unprincipled quacks are
m> f s*"{l'U^^ actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
_^Ksa4^«^»ili!SAli^siaSai?7 a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
— , "1 li.VTT^^l^Tl i .VTT^^ 1^T jT ' m«W^T~n]y^ ~ time, and fill you with Electricity from tha
/ / I^^£ TEN Vj&Af c ~ ' / 7Wv\ ■ soles of your feet to the top of your head,
'/ I -^^^?~_^i\ZZ--~ /' > x you. MUST have "Dr. Pierces'," for It Is the
Y~~T~ BEST and Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
Jps?~~ TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill this entlr«
rMrpC^ ~ newspaper. Send for our Free Book, No. 2. It gives price list
« / 1"^"*. and tells all about it. Or call at office and examine tha eoo<l3
■ ♦ *' for yourself.
BUT BE SURE TOU • I '.....,
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest "PAMPHLET No. L" ~
ADDRESS, or call on the ' v
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F.
":.• 51; SEATTLE OFFICE— block, 712 First aye., Seattle, Wash.
. ! ■
I once heard" the" 7 leading contralto~singer "of the Castle
Square Theater Opera Co., "of .Boston, remark to a friend.
Bitting in her dressing-room: "Some singers can't singi
1 well, they, say, just after eating t heartily, and take only a
light lunch; but it works just the opposite with me. It's
impossible for me to sing a hard opera -without^havine a 1a 1
good meal before ; , but I often take a.
i (
to help digest It. My voice is always clearer and mof^
powerful when I do."
E. Molloney's Precita Girl vs. S. E. Portal's
Laurelwu.ifl II; S. E. Portal's At Last vs. W.
J. J. .Ties' C.-tll Boy; Pasha Kennel's Rich &
Artless vs. M. l,ettioh's Glenwood; F. P.
Courtney's The Turk v.s. J. A. Watson's Miss
Skyrocket; Ryan & Lyons' Lanky Bob vs.
Curtis & Son's Cavalier; E. V. Sullivan's Royal
Buck vs. F. C. Mack's Black Patti; A. John
son's Liasak vs. Curtis & Son's Chartist: Phil
Fahey's Barney P. vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet
Liiis- T J. Burk's Little Pete vs. Pasha Ken
nel's Robert Arlair; S. Hanson's L. S. Con
nelly v s- Pashu Kennel's Alameda: Shyler &
Connelly's Decorator vs. E. V. Sullivan's Fear
Not; Seller & P..rt Costa Lnss vs. H.
McNeil Ta Sportsman; Simmons & Donohoe's
kmorita vs. Pierce & Sullivan's Jersey Maid;
Healey & Callaghan's Skylight vs. E. V. Pul-
Itvan'a Rocklln Belle; J. Mulhouse'a Black
Pattl vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; M. M 'no
lick's Fireball vs. Larkey & Rock's Hercules;
Healey & Callaßhan's E. V. D. vs. Ryan &
Ryan's Montana: Pierce & Sullivan's Santa
Bella vs. W. H. Hinchman's Clipper: J. J.
Edmonds 1 Move On vs. R. B. Biggs' San Pe
dro: D. J. Healey' s Silva Nite vs. W. C.
Glasson'l Sylvanius: T. Butler's Susie vs. E.
V. Sullivan's Mercy May; J. Sejfgerson's White
Chief vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty: C. S.
Young's Tip vs. S Hanson's Jimmy Deane:
E. V. Sullivan's O'Grady vs. R. & S. Ken
nel's Bad Shot; P. A. Williams' Minnie E. vs.
D. J. Healey' s Pastime.
Earl of Effingham Dead.
LONDON. May 4.— Henry Howard. Earl
of Effinßham, a descendant of the famous
Lord Howard, who commanded the Eng
lish fleet that defeated the Spanish ar
mada In ISSB, is dead. He was born Feb
ruary 7, 1837.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
"•niiday In New York.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley higher again.
Some change in Corn.
Oats show more tone.
Hay rather topheavy.
Fee-dstuffs unchanged.
Flour a* before.
Beans very strong.
Potatoes weak.
Old Onions about cleaned up.
Dairy Butter lower. Creamery unchanged.
EkP!= "i ample supply and easy.
Young Poultry firm. Hens weak
Cherries and Strawberries slow and lower.
Oranges off again.
Dried Fruit quieter.
Hams and Lard firm.
Baron In good supply.
Meat market unchanged.
Decreased Revenue collection*.
K< iI.IT>AY IX XEW YORK.
Yesterday was a holiday in New York and no
:is were received from there.
HAWAIIAN SUGAR.
Imports of supar from the Hawaiian Islands
In April were 36,fi75.0X) pounds, or about 2,000,000
pounds more than in March.^
GOLD FROM AUSTRALIA.
The Martposa brought from Australia £850,-
OftO which will be recolned into American
money. This i..aies a total from Australia
since last August of $19.683. 523.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district
thus far this year amount to $550,443. against
JJ15.802 for the same time in ISB7, and Included
$197,720 for beer. $265,428 for Bplrits and $.3,032
for cigars and tobacco.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The coinage of the local Mint during the
first four months of the year amounted to
$15.583U48. against $10,959,985 for the same time
in 1897 as follows: Double eagles. »10.6J>,000.
eagles, $140,000; half eagles, $335,000: dol ars,
%2 050,000; half dollars, $175,000; quarter dollars,
$35.143: dimes, $25,000.
THE WAR AND MONEY.
ATTITUDE OF NEW YORK BAXKS RE
GARDING THE PROPOSED BOND ISSUE.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Naturally, under existing conditions, atten
tion is being attracted to the money market.
The presence here of the Secretary of the
Treasury has suggested the probable early In- j
troduction of a loan on the market. Although
there Is no probability of any large amount of
money being immediately needed by the Gov
ernment, yet the Secretary is evidently Im
pressed with the desirableness of ample appro
priations being made as early as possible. Be
tween now and August is usually a period of
ease In the loan market. Three to four months j
hence, however, money will be wanted for the
interior in large amounts, and important Treas
ury negotiations coming concurrently with that
movement might cause a conflict between the
two currents of demand detrimental to each.
F"r that reason the banks are in accord with
,ry Gage as to the importance of effect-
Ing the negotiation of the new loans with the
least possible delay. This is among the fac
tors of the future already discounted. The
banks are putting themselves in a posiuon for
contracting lor larte amounts of the new
This is having some influence upon
j'-ount market an - on time loans; but I
s.-e no reason to apprehend that such effects
will t>e at all serious In their bearing on the
general business of the country. Within the
•l weeks the loans and discounts of the
local banks have been reduced $67,000,000, which
how much the banks have already done
in anticipation of the special financial demands
that have now arisen. It Is not to be con
cluded, however, that this contraction of credit
has fallen principal. - upon commercial borrow
ers, for as a matter of fact a large portion of
[Uidation has arisen from the settlement
of various syndicate operations to which the !
bank- very large advances. 1 have |
i.i believe that the banks have entire
confidence in the financial situation and are
prepared to give all consideration to the wants
of their customers.
The absorption of money by the Government
In the immediate future can only be through a
war loan, in some shape to be designated here
after by Congress, and money can be made j
tin nt only temporarily in connection therewith, i
that Is to say during the period required for
drawing It in and paying it over to the Gov
ernmeni depositories. The Government's need
of money will be such as to cause it to be
paid out almost as fast as received for sup
piles for the army and navy and for the pay
ment of salaries of officers and men. Besides,
a good deal of the money already In the
ireasufY will also be disbursed, so that as a
matter "of fact inst. .1.1 ot money being taken i
out of circulation It will he increased. During
the war (iovernment securities are likely t<> be
illy Increased, but railroad securities will !
There will be no time, however, that a j
Government bond will go below the basis of j
I '•- it cent interest, in my opinion, even in ;
the event of a naval reverse, which, though
possible, is not likely. The use of money for j
business purposes will be curtailed more or !
less during the war. as no new enterprises will i
be entered into. Business, therefore, for s..me
little tim» will be apt to settle down to a stere
otyped condition conducted on conservative!
lln^s. The demand for money will diminish i
instead of Increase for some time to come. It j
in only wnen people undertake big schemes
that money is In demand In large blocks and
not when people contract their operations.
The war will be entirely an external one — not
Internal. It will not stop railroads from run
ning nor mills from manufacturing. Our 75,
of people wl have to be clothed and
fed. and that alone insures legitimate husi- j
ness dealings all over the country. Our cotton
Will be exported, and so will all other of our I
products that have a foreign market in neutral !
ships assigned -er to neutral owners, thereby '
sf.-iifing the property from risk of seizure and ■
confiscation by the enemy.
Honeyed Institutions will be unwise In
contracting tim" loans: as such a policy would
tend to make money tight; and that might too |
easily b* L used as an argument In CongreFs ;
that there Is not money enough; in which case :
the tendency would be for Congress to legis
late for an Increase In greenback issues in ;
place of a bond Issue. Should this be done
tt would be a very serious matter.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow fifes with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the- past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms,' or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" • means . high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers .to low pressure
and is usually preceded and accompanied by
cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south alone the cast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With ■ a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Califor
nia coast, warmer weather may be expected in
summer and colder weather In winter. The re
verse of these conditions will produce an oppo
site result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4..1598, 5 p. m.
Following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California' to-day:
Eureka 62
Fresno : • . -• 78
Los Angeles .'... 84
Hed Bluff 84
Independence ..........;68
San Diego 62
Sacramento 72
San Luis Oblspo 66
Tuma 84
Son Franoisco temperature: Maximum, 58;
minimum. 48; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
There has been a moderate fall In pressure
during the past twenty-four hours in the States
along the international boundary. It has risen
slightly in California. Rain and where cold
enough snow has fallen in Utah and thence
eastward. Conditions are favorable for gener
ally fair weather in California, except along
the northern coast, where it will be cloudy.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 5, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
partly cloudy along the northern coast; prob
ably colder at Red Bluff; fi-esh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— Generally fair Thursday.
Utah — Occasional rain or snow Thursday.
Arizona — Fair Thursday, except partly cloudy
In north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
except partly cloudy in forenoon; brisk west
erly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind southwest, 36 miles per
hour; temperature, 57; maximum. 60.
\V H. HAMMON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LONDON MARKET.
KEW YORK, May 4.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet and dull to-day, the
stagnation being Increased b-- the holiday In
the New York Stock Exchange. Americans
were llfelesß, tout closed at the best on buying
orders from New York for St. Paul and Louis
ville and Nashville Spanish fours were flat,
and this, with the fact that to-morrow being
settling day In Paris, caused a general dull
ness on the Parts Bourse.
Bar gold Is In strong demand for New York
at 77s lO^d, and 400,000 pounds In Japanese yen
was bought for New Yor'- to-day.
War risks in stocks at Lloyds to-day Include
small premiums on the po»sir>iilty of war com
plications between France and the United
States or between Prance and Great Britain.
No significance Is attached to the matter, but
business on that character has actually been
done.
Canadian Pacific 84 Grand Trunk B*4: bar
silver quiet, 2D;sd per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
PARIS, May 4.— Spanish fours closed 30%.
MADRID. -vla.y 4.— Spanish Fours closed to
day at 60.60. Gold was quoted at 11.00.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Liverpool cables started
the wheat market here on the upgrade at to
j day's opening. The English market was up
4%d on near by futures, while the Paris market
was reported 31 centimes lower. The latter re
port proved to be 20 centimes out of the way,
however, and caused plenty of selling he.c.
But the fact remained that France had only
enough wheat in .sight to iJLJt two weeks. The
country's consumption Is 5,000,000 bushels per
week and their own crop will dot be available
j until August- Rumors were current that Ger
many and Austria would also abolish their
Import duty. Letter reported foreign bid at 5
cents advance over yesterday's offers. July
started l%c higher at 96®-96%c. The market
eased off immediately to 9614 C. Scalpers were
in a bearish mood and put out short lines with
out hesitation. Closing cables showed Liver
pool up for the day from 3d for Ma/ to 4%d
tor July and spot wheat up from Id C it No. 1
northern to Sd for California^. Rumors of
large cash sales to France kept the pit In a
very nervous state, but up to 13:38 p. m. the
market was in a comparatively normal condi
tion with July selling around 96 and May at
$1 24. Shorts made occasional efforts to cover
and each time they found offerings growing
scarcer. Half an hour before the close Leiier
calmly announced that he had just sold 500,
0000 bushels of cash wheat for export, presum
! ably to France, at an advance of 5 cents over
yesterday's figures. He accompanied the news
with heavy buying orders through his brokers.
They bid May up from 124 to 131. Leiter's ef
forts to secure more May wheat which is
equivalent to the cash article threw the b^ars
Into a panic. July Jumped by eighths and quar
ters from 96 to 98%. The close was at 89%, a
net rain of. 4 c<:iits. May closed at 130, a net
I gain of 9c. Leiter's tactics to-day apparently
show him to be In complete mastery, over May
wheat at least, and If. as is greatly believed,
there is still a large short interest in May, the
bears may have fancy losses to-morrow. May
corn opeied higher, but ruled heavy until near
| the end. Shorts bought eagerly when wheat
I got excited, closing the market at the top.
1 July gained %c.
Oats were dull but firm, July closing %o
higher.
Provisions crened strong but dull. The ad
vance in grain caused prices to recover and
closed with udvances of 16c in pork, 10c in
lard and 5c in ribs. The market was withoat
especial fe.iture.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
i May 121 131 121 130
! July 96% 98% 95% 98%
! September 82%, 8»% 81% 83%
j December...: SI 81% 80 81%
Corn, No. 2—
: May 83% 33% 32;£ . 33%
, July 34% 34% 33% 34%
I September 35 35% 34% 35%
Oats, No. 2—
May 29% 30% 23% 30%
July K% 26 25% 26
September 23' •, 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1100 11 10 1100 1110
; July 1125 1130 1107% 1130
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 95
July 595 60) 5 92% 600
September ..- 6 07% 610 6 02% 610
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 62% 555 5 52% 655
July 5 62% 5 62% 555 6 62%
September 565 5 72% 565 670
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour. In
' fair demand and firm: No. 2 spring Wheat,
: $1 10; No. 3 spring Wheat, $1 0501 17; No. 2 red,
■ $1 21%tgl 30; No. 2 Corn, 33% c: No. 2 Oats. 30
I (§'3o%c; No. 2 white, 32%<i?33c; No. 3 white, 31%
532% c; No. 2 Rye. 64%<ffi65e: No. 2 Barley, 420
60c; No. 1 Flaxsepd. $1 34%@1 35: Prime Timothy
| Seed, $2 6002 75; Mes3 Pork, per barrel, $11 10@
; 11 15; Lard, per 100 pounds. $5 WK<5 95: Short
; Rib Sides, loose, $5 40@5 75: Dry Salted Should
ers, boxed. 4*i@sc; Short Clear Sides, boxed,
: 6!g6%c; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
■ gallon, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,500 11,500
Wheat, bushels 103,900 142.000
Corn, bushels 620,000 1,129,500
Oats, bushels 669,300 272,500
Rye. bushels 6 9.100 • 460
Berley, bushels 41,500 -.7,600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@16c; dairies,
12®15c. Eggs, firm; fresh, l'">'ic. Cheese, dull
and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 218,120 47.120
Duluth 80,414 46,096
Milwaukee 18.200 2,600
Chicago 103.900 141,793
Toledo 89.521 56.700
St. Louis ...;.. 14.0"i 144,000
Detroit 6,543 9,677
Kansas City 29.000 86,000
Totals 559.698 453.956
Tidewater— \
Boston 1,498 72,000
New York
Philadelphia 10.661 6,216
Baltimore 25,227 48,000
New Orleans . 50.000
Galveston .......
Totals 40,386 176,216
PARIS FUTURES.
Sept. and
Wheat— May. Dec.
Opening 66 00 54 25
Closing 6195 64 75
Flour —
Opening 3175 • 24 65
Closing 29 75 24 60
LIVERPOOL, WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 911 9 5Vi 71% 7*4
Closing 911 9 5>4"-'7 7% 6 11%,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO, May 4— CATTLE— Were In fair
demand to-day at unchanged prices. Common
beef steers, $3 90<g4 25; choice shippers, . Ss@
5 25; Btockers and feeders, $3 90@4. SO; cows and
heifers, $2 60@4 85.
HOGS— Were active and 2V4c higher. ' Sales
1 were principally at S4@4 15.
SHEEP— Were active and 10c better. Clipped
sheep, $3 25ig4 35; clipped lambs, 54 ■/ 4 75;
I wooled lambs. $4 90@5 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 14.000; Hogs, 36,000; Sheep,
14,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. May CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 4800 natives, 200 Southern. Good qual
ity heavy cattle ■ active to 5c higher; light
grades, steady. Sales, $4 25@5; Western, $4 03@
4 60; cows and heifers, steady, $3 4034 35 •
Southern, steady, S3 90@4 10; stackers and
feeders S4@s 45.
HOGS— Receipts, 20,000. Heavies. S3 90(2)4 10
lights. S3 65@3 90; mixed. *3 80-93 85; pigs, $3 25
$3 75. ' • .
SHEEP— Receipts, 2200. Market 10c higher
Lambs. $4 40@ 1 5 37%; muttons, S3 60<g:4 75; spring
! lambs, 56@7. . 1 .
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500.
Market active; 6@loc higher. Native beef steers,
$3 80S* 90; Western steers, $3 70@4 60; cows and
heifers, $3 25@4 20; Btockers and feeders. $3 80®
4 $0; bulls and stags, $2 60@3 70. *"
Receipts, 8000. Market 5c higher
Heavy. $3 90@4; mixed. »3 90@3 95; bulk of sales
$3 85«g3 95. ■ ■■: : - ■
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 70@4 35: fair to choice
Westerns, $3.60@4 20;- lambs, $4«?s 23.
*;;j " DENVER.
DENVER, May 4.— CATTLE— 100.
Market quiet, but steady. Beef steers, $3 90®
4 45; cows, 13@3 85; feeders. . freight paid to
THE SAIST FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
river $3 So@4 25; stockers, . freight paid to river,
$4®4'50: bulls and stags, $2 25@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market firm and a
shade higher. Light packers, $3 90@3 92; mixed,
$3 85f3 90; heavy. $3 75@3 85. -
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May The > wool auction sales
were continued to-day with a full attendance
of buyers. Merinos were eagerly competed for
by the home trade and Continental buyers.
Scoured merinos held at full rates. Sales in
New" South Wales, 3300 bales— Scoured, 7%d@
1b r.Vi; greasy. A*i&9\-2<l.
Queensland. 500 Scoured, Is 2Mid® is
3d; greasy, S@:9%d. ,_„ ....
Victoria. 1900 bales— Scoured, B^diffls 4«-d,
greasy, 6% Slid. ' . , ... ._■
South Australia. 1100 bales— Scoured, Is 2%d@
Is 4d: greasy, 4%@9d. . ...
West Australia, 1600 bales— Scoured, B*4@lld.
greasy. gyre's, 100 bales— Greasy, c *,j~*i/a
Buenos Ayrea. 100 bales— Greasy, 6%S6Vid.
New Zealand. 2000 bales— Scoured, 7Vid<s'ls 2d;
greasy. of 4< Gotd' Hope and Natal, 100 bales-
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 100 bales-
Scoured. Is 2d; greasy, s%<g7d.
Falkland. 1100 Greasy. 6@7d.
Punta Arenas, 100 bales— Gre"asy, s@6a.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. May 4.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
I wool market: There is a decidedly better feel
ing in the market. With most dealers there
has been next to no improvement in the amount
of business actually transacted, but inquiries
have been more numerous and the bids for
wool have been at figures . nearer the sellers
quotations. A week ago offers were made ror
wool as much as 1 cent below the price, Dut
to-day bids are made up to within % cent of
the price. War news has Imparted a semblance
at least of activity to the market. It Is surn
cient to say of prices that they are still more
or lees nominal, though considerably nearer a
fixed basis than a week ago.
The sales of the week amount to 695.000
pounds domestic and 435,000. pounds foreign.
1 making a total of 1.126.000 pounds, against a
total of 632.000 pounds for the previous week.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 4.— Consols. 111 »-18: 81rrer,
I 25% d; French rentes, 102f 97*4 c
LIVERPOOL, May 4.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 49s Sd; cargoes Walla
Walla Wheat, 455; cargoes off coast, more in
quiry; cargoes on passage, near positions in
demand; English country markets, generally Is
dearer; French country markets, firmer: Liver
pool Wheat, No. 1 California, 10s 2d@los 3d;
Wheat In Paris, flat: Flour in Paris, excited.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 17-32 d.
;',;.! CLOSING.
WHEAT— firm; No. 1 red northern
spring, 10s.
CORN— Spot firm; American mixed new, 4d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., May 4.— The local wheat
market did not respond to the advances in Eu
rope and Chicago to-day. Walla . Walla is
quoted at 93@95c and Valley and Blue Stem at
B&&98C.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 4.— Wheat strong with ad
vancing tendency No. 1 Club, 96c; No. 1 Blue
Stem, $1.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 4.— Exchanges, 1344,936;
balances, $64,622.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight — $4 Sl%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New fork Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars —Nominal
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was another upward spurt
on the early call, due to the gyrations of the
Chicago market, which advanced from 94% c
to 96KiC fell back to 96% c and rallied to 98% c
amid the yells of the brokers. May Wheat
rose to $1 30 per bushel and Increased the ex
citement here. Spot values sympathized with
the Chicago rise and advanced, as will be seen.
Tidewater quotations are: Shipping, $1 ~(x&
1 '-' ■■ for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice; milling,
$1 82% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— . o'clock — December— ]
14,000 ctls. $1 66%; 12,000. $1 68V*.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 66;
20,000. $1 67; 50.000, $1 68%: SOOO. $1 67%; 10,000,
$1 67%; 28.000. $1 67%. May— $1 70.
Regular morning session— December— 22.ooo
ctls, $1 69%: 20.000, $1 69%; 12,000. $1 69%; 14,000,
Jl 69%; 14.000, $1 69%; 8000. $1 69.
Afternoon session — December — 10.000 ctls,
$1 69; 2000, $1 69%; 4000, Jl 63%; 18.000, $1 70; 26,
000, $1 70H; 32.000, Jl 70%; 2000, $170%; 12.000,
$170%; 8000. $170%; 18.000, Jl 70%. "."May— 2000
ctls. $1 74: 2COO, $1 76; 4000, $1 77%; 2000, $1 78.
BARLEY— Futures were firmer, but spot
prices were unchanged.
Feed, $1 32%@1 35: Brewing, nominal.
CALL, BOARD SALES. *
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. -
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 30% ;
4000, $1 30%: 4000, $1 30%.. •
Regular morning session— December ctls.
$1 31%.
Afternoon session— — 4000 ctls, $1 32;
4000. $1 32%; 6000. $1 32%. ■ .
OATS— Dealers reported a firmer and more
active market, with no change In quotations.
Fancy Feed. $1 42V>@1 45 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 1691 40; common, $1 3O«J1 32%; Sur- !
prise, $1 45©1 50; gray, $1 32%@1 37%; milling,
$1 35<gl 42% per ctl.
CORN— Several changes In quotations ap
pear. The market is steady on the whole.
Small round yellow. $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 10; white. $1 12%@1 20 for local and
$1 07% for Eastern.
RYE— sl 37%<gl 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75<g2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5 75<g€ 85; Bakers'
Extras. Jo !VV??S 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol-
I lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $5: Cornmeal, $2 50: extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25ig>3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4/54 25;
Cracked "Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; - Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20: in sacks, $5 60@6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is rather top heavy, owing to the free
! receipts of Alfalfa, but prices are unchanged.
There is nothing new in Feedstuffs.
Br\N— $20 E0( per ton. ;I>-:
MIDDLINGS— S23 50@25 50 per ton. ;
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at i the n..11, $31^31 50; Jobbing.
$32@32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cottonseed
I Meal, $284730 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack- |
I ed Corn, $25.
HAY — lEx-car In round lots)— Wheat, 23@
26 50; Wheat and Oat, $21025; Oat, J2ofi?23; Bar
ley, none: compressed Wheat. J22@25; com
pressed Oat. J20@22; Alfalfa, J13@15 50; Clover,
; nominal; Timothy, J15@17. ■
STRAW— 9oc@sl 10 per bale..
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue very firm at the recent ad
vance.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 95<@'3 05; Small Whites,
>:: lo@2 25; Large Whites. ': J2@2 12%; Pinks,
! $2 65@2 75; Reds, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75;
1 Butters. $1 65@1 75; Ltmas, $3 25; Pea, J2@2 10;
| Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
.^liEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25@3 50 per ctl;
■ Yellow Mustard, $3 15&3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%<i?2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 3(ff6c; Rape, 2%@ :
; 2}; c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90®
\ 2 25 per ctl. -' ' .
POTATOES, ONIONS , AND VEGETABLES, j
Los Angeles String Beans brought 6@Bc per i
' lb. Green Peppers, 15c and Tomatoes $1 25® i
1 50 per box. .
The only old Onions left of any consequence ]
are Australian. New are lower. ■ Potatoes are i
weak and nominal. .
AU kinds of Vegetables are In good supply
and generally unchanged.
POTATOES— Rose, 15@35c; River Reds,
40@50c; River Burbanks, 40$} 60e per sack; Ore
i gon Burbanks, 50<fi'75c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
i ®Goc per sack; • Sweet Potatoes, nominal; new
Potatoes, %@l%c per lb.
Australian, $3 50@4; new, Jl@l 35
per ctl. .
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 853 boxes As
paragus, 425 boxes Rhubarb and 793 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, .$1 50<g)l 75
per box for No. 1, 6Oc<sjsl 15 for small; Rhu
barb. 40<gC0c per box for small to good and HZ®
Bsc for extra choice : Green Peas, 75c@$l 25 . per
sack: Garden Peas, 2%c per lb; String Beans,
from Vacavllle, ;V(j:>e; Horse Beans, | 50@75c
per sack; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per lb; Dried
Okra. 12% c; Cabbage, , 65@75c per ctl: ■ Carrots.
30t?50c per sack; Cucumbers, •- 3fi<<?sl per ; dozen;
Mexican Tomatoes, $l*il 50 per box. :
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
j lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c: granulated raw,
1 13c ; Onions, 60c ; Carrots, old, 13c; ; new, .- 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet » Potatoes,' . 30c; Turnips.
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
. Young Poultry Is scarce and firm. Hens are
dragging. A ■ car. of Eastern arrived - late in
the afternoon.'!:. , .
POULTRY— Turkeys, ■■ ll@l2c for , Gob
blers and ll@l2c for ' Hens; ' Geese, per • pair,
J1'3125; Goslings.' SI 50®2; Ducks, $3@4\ for
old and S4@6 • for ' young; Hens, -.. 13©4; Roost
ers, young-,- S7@B 50; Roosters, old, $3 60®4; Fry
ers, tea* 50; Broilers, ?4 50@5 50 for large, 12 50
@4 for small ; -. Pigeons, ; $1 50@l 75 per dozen for
young and $1:25: for old.
GAME— Nominal. . ;
BUTTER, CHEESE ' AND : EGGS.
Eggs are , easy . and in ample supply. Dairy
Butter is off again. No change In Creamery.
BUTTER— '-•■-:""-. -.■"•';-. ■■-.- ; ..•:""•■.."::■■■■;■.: : .!
>• Creamery— . . creameries, . 19c: . seconds,
,*>• ; ::,,^-;v-- ; -:V.w--\ :/;■, ;. .'. : J
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17V4@18c; common
grades, 15@16^c per lb. _
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16®
16Hc; ladle-packed, 13@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub, 16(glSc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, »@10c; common
to good. 7M>@SU ! c: cream Cheddar, Italic;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12Hffll3Hc per lb ■
EGGS— Ranch Eggs 12@13c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@ll^c; Duck' Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries dragged. Strawberries were weak
er. Oranges continue to decline and are dull.
Blackberries, 15c per basket.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were C 22 chesU of Strawberries and
367 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries $3/^4 per chest for large
and $21(5 for small berries in baskets, and
$5'S6 for loose.
Small white Cherries, 35@50c per box; red,
69076 c; black, "a'SSI 50.
Gooseberries. 35&40 c per drawer.
Apples, 40@-50c per box for common, <dc@sl
for good to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 oCxSZ 25;
Seedlings, 40c® $1; Lemons. 50e<g'$l for common
and $1 25i@2 20~ for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $3 50@4; California Limes. in small
boxes. 50<a60c: Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3«J4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market for everything was quieter, as
buyers have apparently overbought for the mo
ment. There is no weakness, however.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, carload lots, 4&@
Be for 40-50' 4^<34V4c for 50-60 - s. 3%(S'4c for
60-70's, 3V 4 (g34c for 70-80' 2%@3c for SOLO'S, 2>4
@2&c for 90-100' s- Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, 6%@
6c; peeled. 10@l2^c- Apricots, 6@6%c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6%@"c; sun-dried, 4@oc;
Black Figs. In sacks, 2"^2^c; Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and VJtJ&Vj/Lc for unpitted : bleached
Plums, s@s^4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2H<g4Vsc for quarters and B@s^4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS — lH®2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3^jc for four-crown, 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2\c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2 &c
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per 1b;
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3<g4c for hardshell, 6(g7c for
softshell, B^@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 43
B^c for Eastern and 4>jc. for California; Pe
cans, 6Vi@Sc; Filberts, 8%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B©9c per lb: (Jocoanuts. $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%@
6c; light amber, extracted. 4%@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lib.
PROVISIONS.
Hams and Lard are firm and a further ad
vance In the latter If looked for. Bacon Is In
good supply and quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10^c for light,
lie for extra lieht and 12c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams. lO&tSllc; Califor
nia Hams, 9»i<gloc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, |
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb. I
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb j
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7%c; |
California tierces, 5c per lb for compound j
and 6%c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
T^c; 5-lb tins, Sc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6Hif?6?6e; packages,
less than 300 — 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, B%c:
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, S'«c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c: 50-lb ;
tins, 1 or 2 in a case 7%c; wooden buckets, 20 i
lbs net. 77 7/8 c;7 /8c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7&c per 1b. ..
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B>4(§9c: light. SVsc: Cow
hides, S%<f?9c: Staps, sc; salted Kip. 9c; Calf, '
10c; dry Hides 15@16c: culls and brands, 12Tt) !
l?c; dry Kip and Veal, 16@16>£c; dry Calf, i
18(??19c: culls, 16@17c: Goatskins, 30<<i37Vic each; !
Kids, 5t?10o; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per lb: medium, 20c; winter, ' 10c; Sheepskins, !
shearlings, 2f"fj2.",c each; short wool, 40<ii6Oc
each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3Hc per lb;
No. 2. 217 2'ir;; refined, sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective. 70
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12<??13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— crop, 10® 14c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality,
6&fß6c: third quality, 4©sc per lb.
YEAL — 4*§sc: small,* f©'6c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S'S'^c. Ewes, 8c per lb.
— Spring, S@SVi>c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3\c for large and 4c for 1
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2%c; dressed Hogs, j
s%Q>6yic. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE..
— Calcutta Grain" Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30. .
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling- i
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, '
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $".; Wallsend. $7 50:
Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; ■
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas- ;
ant Valley, $9; Coks, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed,- 7c; Powdered, 6^c; Dry
Granulated, 6T4c: Confectioners' A, s"ic; Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C, 6»,c: Golden C. 5V4c;
Candy Granulated 6c; California . A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels Vie nr.ore than barrels, and
boxes hie more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, May 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 14. 05S Quicksilver, flrk. 61
Barley, ctls 4.650 Hay, tons 402
Corn, ctls 200 Straw, tons 15
Cheese, ctls 228 Wool, bales 336
Butter, ctls 626 Eggs, doz 20,610
Tallow, ctls 694 Lime, bbls 162
Beans, sks 2.535 Pelts, bdla 2,730
Potatoes, sks ... 1,346 Wine, gals 69,250
Onions, sks 62 Leather, rolls ... 60 '.
Bran, r.ks 1.530 Hides, no 469
Middlings, sks .. 21«.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,265 1 Oats, ctls 3SO j
Barley, ctls 3.4351 Bran, sks ....... 430
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.8001...
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, cs 642 1 Wool, bales 6
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change In mining stocks
worthy of note. >
On the Bond Exchange Gas and Electric sold
up to $S5 and Oceanic Steamship to $50. Busi
ness was good.
The Silver Hill assessment . falls delinquent
In board to-day. . ■ ) .
The Central Gaslight Company Is paying a
dividend of $1 per share this month.
The California Cotton Mills Company will pay
a quarterly dividend of $1 per share this month.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company and
the San Jose Water Company will pay divi
dends of 50 cents per share on the 10th.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
derlared a dividend Of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $:",000, payable May 10.
The Eagle Mining Company of Utah is taking
steps to increase Its capital stock from 150,000
shares to 230,000 shares.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past I
week amounted to :26 mining carloads ' of ore. j
from the north drift on the MJO-foot level. The \
value of the ore per car samples was 524 53 per I
ton. : There is no material change in the condi- j
tion of th? mine. ■ ■ . ;
:On the 1100-foot level of the Caledonia mine j
the , Incline upraise from the southeast drift
has been extended 38 feet, and timbers, ladders j
and chute put In; formation bright, .. lively I
quartz assaying: $1 59 to $5 08 per. ton; total !
height of incline on the slope, 138 feet.
In ■ the Joint Confidence, • Challenge Consoli
dated and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut ]
No. 1 from the surface tunnel they are still 1
engaged in making necessary., repairs and in ,
taking care of the water, the ' flow of which i
seems, to be somewhat abating, and just as '
soon as It will not interfere with successful i
work ' being done operations will be at once
resumed In the : face, which, when stopped,
was entering more favorable ground mixed
with quartz and clay, . the former giving low
assays In cold. '
In the Crown Point mine the joint west cross
cut trom the Crown Point-Belcher upraise, on
a level with the Crown .Point 700-foot level.
is now out 57 feet, 14 feet having been driven |
during the week; {he, face of the drift is now
in low grade quartz and ■ porphyry. . • ■ . . •
'- In the -Belcher mine, on the ■ 1200-foot : level,
there has been no work done in the crosscut
: during the week- . On the SSO-foot level the
joint Belcher and -Crown '■ Pomt '. west . crosscut
frmo the top of the upraise No. 1 Is now out
57. feet; the face is In a mixture of quartz and
porphyry- • There was hoisted! during the week
and - stored in the ore : house ;at , the , mine :57
mining carloads of ore,' the average car sample
assay of which was $22 36 per ton. .. ■' ■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
WEDNESDAY, May 4—2 p. m.
'; Bid.Ask. y'■■■■■-.:-..■y '■■■■■-.:-..■ Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— . Mutual El Co. 11?; —
4s quar roup..loS%lo9H Oakland Cas.. 1&% 46
4squar;reg.-..10S 10SV4 Pac Gas Imp.. 84, -So'
is quar new...120%121& Pac L C 0...;; 50 63
■ Miscellaneous— •-. -■- S■F*. G- & E. . 84% 85»4
Cal-st Cab 114 115 San = Fran 1 ....- 2»t 3%
Cal El 63......125 — Stock 1a5..... 12 —
C C Wat 55... 95%103% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. —.. 98% Flrem'B Fund. 185 —
E L & P 65.. 126%— v ' Bank Stocks— '
F & ChR- 6s. — ? 116% Anglo-Cal .... — 62H
Geory-st R ss. — 99 Bank of ; Cal.. 237 . 240 .
H C & S 5%.. 100 105 ~ Cal S D & T. — 96
L A L Co 6s. — 100 " First : -. <Jat ... .195 . —
Do gntd 65.. — ■ 100- Lon P & A.r.130 —
Market-st 69.. — : 126 Mer ' Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M 55. .112 ; 114 -, Nev Nat 8...150 157%
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNg Rv 78.102 — - Ger S & L... -— ; 1650
Nißy Cal 65.._06>4 — Hum S & L..1050 : 1160
NBy Cal 55.. 99^100)4 Mutual Say. — «2&
NPC RT. 65.100V4 — IS F Say U.. — 800
NPC Ry 55.. — 101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal *1y 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Po 2d is 55.. — 109 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123% — California ....108 110
P & O 6s 110 — Geary *° ~
P&Ch Ry 65.104 110 Market-st 52 52H
Powell-st 65.. .116 -- Presidio 6»4 °
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
SacElec Ry ss. 100 — California 116 150
SF& N P ss. 106^105% E Dynamite... 85 —
SicrraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 42Mi -*3V4
S P of Ar 65. 101% — Vigorit 3V4 3%
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is Cff 55.. — 96 AI Pac Assn.. 94 94V4
SPBr 6s 109 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 115 116 Hana P C 0... — lj>
S V Wat ,8. ..100 101 HC & 8 Co.. 19% 20
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 4<% *8
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 49^ 55 Nat Vln C 0... — 6Vfe
Marin Co .... 60 — Oceanic S Co. 49% 51
Spring Valley. 99 99% Pac A F L.. JjH H
Gas & riectric— Pac Bot C0...100\4101
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
43 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
550 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
15 Market-street Railway 62 00
50 do do 52 12,-4
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 JO
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
9f. S F Gaslight 3 50
44 Spring Valley Water 08 87>i
15 do do 99 Oil
$1000 Spring Valley 4a Bonds 101 00
60 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Market-street Railway 52 00
23 Oceanic Steamship Co BO 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp Co 84 12Vfc
$5000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 103 00
425 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
125 do do b 10 20 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
25 Spring Valley Water 98 87 Mi
60 do do b 2 99 00
20 do do 99 00
$6000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 105 25
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association MOO
100 Market-street Railway 62 12^
135 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian C & 8 Co 20 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Oo 48 60
26 do do 49 00
26 do do , 49 60
Afternoon Session.
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 49 75
40 do do 49 87^4
10 do do 60 00
30 S F Gas & Electric 84 50
$4000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10100
20 Market-street Railway Co 62 00
Street—
60 Ilutchinson S P Co 47 50
25 do do 47 37V4
25 do do 47 26
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta l«|tOOOphir 37
100 Con Cal & Va.. sß!looPotosi 23
200 Mexican 10 ! 100 Yellow Jacket .. 07
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 171100 ravage 14
"•00 Chollar 23 jIOO Union Con 01
100 Gould & Curry.. 22 100 Yellow Jacket... 07
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 17 1500 Gould & Curry.. 21
1000 Andes OS 600 Mexican 10
2i 10 Best & Belcher. 26 700 Ophir 3S
SOO 27 300 Potosl 22
300 Bullion 07 400 Sierra Nevada.. 61
500 06 600 Union Con 13
500 Chollar 2011000 Utah 07
400 Con Cal & Va.. 58 } 300 Yellow Jacket... 07
SOO Crown Point ... 10,
Afternoon Session.
8f:0 Andes 081500 Gould & Curry.. 22
TOO Belcher 11 1 400 Mexican 11
4'Vi Best & Belcher. 27 300 Ophir 3i
1500 Bullion 07|400 Potosl 24
700 Chollar 22; rtOO Sierra Nevada.. 64
400 2S i 8O(i Union «_ on 16
600 Con Cal & Va.. 60 i 750 Yellow Jacket... 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 4—4 p. m.
Uid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta 17 18 Justice 07 09
Andes 08 03 Kentuck 01 02
Benton Con .. — 20 Ll dy Wash ... - 03
Belcher 10 11 Mexican. 10 12
Best & Belchr. 2S 2i Occidental 105 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 40 41
Caledonia 14 16 Overman 02 04
Chollar 23 24 Potosl 24 25
Challenge Con. 11 ISiSavage 14 15
Con Cal & Va. 60 61 Sfg Belcher ... 01 02
Confidence 40 44 [Scorpion — OS
Con Imperial .. 01 02 [Sierra Nevada. 62 64
Crown Point .. 10 11. Silver Hill — 01
Cm New York. — 02! Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 2'iiStandard 165 —
Exchequer — 03: Union Con 15 16
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah 06 OS
Hale & Norers. 47 49 1 Yellow Jacket. 06 07
A FAMILY CONUNDRUM.
Girlie the other day asked her big
sister to grive her an example. So her
sister said, in fun: "Well, if one fam
ily has three children, how many chil
dren have two families?" "Nine," was
the prompt reply. "Why, haw's that?"
queried her sister. "Oh," said she,
roguishly, "the other family had six
children ! "—Youth's Companion.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Edward Rnrremans to Emile Artigues. lot on
N lin of McAllister street, 150 E of Octavia, E
fUi hy N 137: ii: $10.
John and Eva S. Morris (Frawley) to Cath
erine Gormley, lot on N line of Oak street, 75
W of Fillmore, W 25 by N 110: $10.
Manuel (hy attorney), Vincent and as attor
ney and Catalina Noe and Catalina Spltvalo to
Alexander Duncan, lot on N line of Twenty
first street, 164:6 E of Dolores, E 53 by N 114;
$10
Carrie J. and J. Alexander Campbell to
Thomas and Mary Clark, lot on N line of Hill
street. 230 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $750.
Estate of George T. Davis (by A. IV Davis,
administrator) to Mary F. Fee. lot on N line
of Beaver street. 185 W of Noe, W 75 by N
lI.V $4000.
Walter B. Menomy to Edward T. Menomy,
lot on N line of Chestnut street. 187:6 W of
Kearney, W 30 by N 137:6: *10.
Edward T. Menomy to Johanna Bushman.
Barne; $10.
Geneva E Robinson to Walter S. Thome,
undivided M, lot on S line of Sutter street. 97:6
W of Jones. W 40 by S 110: $10.
S F and Ellen Sinclair to Kate Hayes, lot
on XW line of Boyd street, 60 NE of Chesley,
YE 20 by NW 80; $5.
B T. and Annie I. Wemple to Henry Holl
man lot on N'E corner of Twentieth (Napa)
and Kentucky streets. N 60 by E 100; $10.
Pin Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
James S. Mackle. lots 22 to 24, block 89; lots
4"> to 18, block 169; lots 20 to 27. block 252, ON.
Michael Dillon to Julia McDonald, lot on SW
line of Sherman avenue, 100 NW of DeWolf
street. SW 37.=.. NW 80. SW 105. NW S9:B. NE
49t! SE 20:6, portion Sears Subdivision West
End. Map 2; $5.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Frederick C. and Mary E. Gaiser. lot
.=>, biock S, sutxli vision 1, Castro street Addition;
$10
Same to William C. and Ada S. Heath, lot
7. block S. same: $10.
J. S. Angus. T. G. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow (executors of the. estate of James G.
Fair) to Jane W. Kelly, lot on NW corner of
Benninjrton and Newman streets. N 25 by W
100, Fair's subdivision Holly Park; $250.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Elizabeth G. Rn .dot, O. G. Heaton. assignees
of the estate of Elizabeth G. Randol (Insolvent)
and J S Reid (by commissioner) to Andrew
Abrott lot on W line of Filbert street, 269:10
N of Eighth W 125 by N 40, block J, Market
street Tract, Oakland: $10.
<'ary Howard (administrator of the estate of
W W . Blow) to Hugh Flynn, all interest In
fo wing- Lot on S line of Isabella street,
325 W of San Pablo avenue, W iO by S 139:2>4.
N-inK portion of Gunn Tract. Oakland, also
lot on NW line of Webster street or avenue.
100 PW from the intersection of Webster street
with NE line of lot 10. Hitchcock property,
th.-nee SW 100. NW 138 :4 U. NE to a point on a
lin- ranging at ripat angles to Webster street.
distant 16*:9 from point of beginning, thence
SE 163:9 to beginning, being portion of Hitch
cock Property, Oakland Annex: $3757.
Patrick H. and Bridget Maloney to Mary t.
Taylor, lot 29. Fruitvale and San Leandro road
Tract. Brooklyn Township; gift.
Encirial Bank to Encinal Land Association,
lot on NE corner of Hopkins and Summer
streets. E 439:7. N 410. being plot 4, Cameron
Tract less that portion thereof lying within
the limits of Cameron and Summer streets and
j County road No. 1135, containing: 4. 50 acres.
East Oakland; $10.
Isaac and Caroline O. Wright to Mrs. A. J.
Casey, lot 5, block 20, Town of Llvermore,
Murray Township; $600.
Trinidad and Victor Fernandez to Anselmo
Ortiz, lot on E line of Willow street, 75 N of
Pacific. N 25 by E 74:3, being lot 4, block 666,
Gibbons' property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$10.
J. H. and Victoria Stewart to Ellen McMil
lan, lot on NE line of East Twenty-second
street. 150 NW of Thirteenth avenue, NW 37:6
by NE 150, block 139, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10. v
Agnes E. Lleber to Wilhelm H. P. Brandes,
lot on S line of Halght avenue. 130 E of Sev
enth street, E 50 by S 132:6. Alameda; $10.
H C. Morris to Mandei Learner, lots 7 and
S, bloc#l2, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
510.
J. H., Celina D. and Charlotte B. Spring to
Francisco Brum, lot 6. block 78. Town of De
coto, Washington Township; $10.
Joshua and Julia Wharton to Lizzie Dlmock,
the N % of SE V* section 6, township 7 N,
range 4 west. Napa; $W.
H H. Laurence (administrator of the es
tate of William Clarke) to Carrie L. Gregory,
lot on 6 line of East Twenty-third street, 252:6
W of Twenty-first avenue, W 25 by S 140.
block 73, Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland; $49,1.
Pet>»r Lindquist to N. C. I. Peterson, lot
2S. Henry and Phillips Tract, bsing a subdi
vision lots 1 to 5, 27 to 33, Bray property,
Brooklyn .Township; $800.
Andy L. Stone to Mary Craumer. lot on SE
line of Walnut avenue, 61.58 SW of Orange
street, SE 140 by SW 60, being lot 82, Marion
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Samuel T. Sterrett to Blanch B. Sterrett.
lot on S line of Alameda avenue, 50 E of Wil
low street, E 33:4 by S l.'>o. Alameda; gift.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1898.
2
10 '
IT
24
We
<
11
IS
25
[5
12
6
13
20
ill
21
23 ;
©Full Mooa.
May 5.
! /a- Last Quarter
pis. May 12.
New Moon,
a New Moon.
May 20.
i -jk First Quarter,
-*♦ M:iv 23.
Moon's Phases.
15
16
la
26
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of cbarta an.l Ball
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
Cor comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always he obtained regardins
lights, dangers to navigation and all matfprs
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the huil.linp on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about tr>n minutes before
no..n. an'l i? dropped at norm, 12 n th meridian,
by telppraphlr signal received each clay from
thf> United States Naval Observatory at Mare I
Island. CaL
A nrtice Ftntlripr whether the time ball was ,
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is \
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. j. t. McMILLAN.
Assistant In Charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-1593
Thursday, M;iy 4.
Snn nn«fl S:OS
Sun sets 7:04
Moon sets 4-13 a m.
i?2™|Feet|£S2 I Feet I T .l? < Feet I Time I Fe(? .
IL Wi H Wl L W IH Wl
5 l.:,l
6 5:17
71 6:03
81 6:52
■H w
9 0:2-1
10 1:23
11 2:31
12 3:51 1
I
|-U|
5.9
ft.".
5.1
I 4.8
I 11:»|
i::24
ica
2:22
L W
7:5? -
B:4H -
9:49 -
10:4.i
4.8! i:iWj
4.4 4:51]
4.4| S:ST|
4.4 (i:2!)|
H \V
—1.0 3:2S
—IK 4:25
-0.4 J.:21
o.l| tf:lu
■i. r o\ 1U:1-;
2.8 10:58
3.1 ll:u|
5.2 ...
L W
4.4 7:b2
4.5 8:48
4.T 10:1-'
5.0 11:38
6.3
6.0
! 60
X 3
3.4
HI
2.8
—1.0
—v:
-0.4
0.1 1
4.T
3.
I 10:4:.;
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
throe tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
M'tAJII.KS TO AIIKIVK.
Crescent City.. Croscent Cay
Valencia | Alaska
Pomoua | San Dlesro
Area hi Coos Bay '
Wellington I Departure Btiv
Orlzaoa . Hum0010t .......' :
Coiumoia I'orti.ina i
Homer I Humboldt \
City PueOia. . . I Victor!." A >hip<»r. Sound . . i
City of Poklnsr. China and Janan
City of Topeka | Seattle
Winnraette. . . I Seattle
Empire — _ — ! Coos Bay..
San Jose Panama i
City of Sydney . Panama |
Santa. H0»a. ... .-anbleiro ;
Procreao ... . Seat; ip
North Font... Humooiat
Stato ot Oai Portiana j
Curacao Mexico '
Burma Nan.iimo .i.'J.Si! i
Lakme Seattle I
Coos Bay | Newport !
Wall.i Wa11a.... Victoria .tPueret Sound.. I
Oreson Portiana I
Pte^mkk.
i I DC!
7 May >
May 5
. Ma.v a
.. Ma.v 5
. May .•:
. May «
. May 7
.. May 7
 May 7
.. May 7
.. May 8
.. Ma.v *
. May 3
.. May .>
Ma.v 9
.. May ..
May •'
May 10
.. : Ma.v 1 •
. May in
.- May 10
.. May 13
 May 11
.. May 12
. . , May li
STEAMEHS TO SAIL.
fTKAMKR. I lIrSTI.VAT[O>r|
Sa M.S.
I PtKK.
Sortn Fork Humt>oku ...
Chtikat Humboldt
Samoa. .... ! Humboldt ....
Coos Bar.. Newport
Venus Umna. it.lapan
Oregon .... Porti.ini. .--
Umatllla, . . Vie & Pgrt Sna ;
ArcHia . <ooh t):iv
Valencia... Alaska
Pomoni.. . . I "ia.a Dieso....
Orizaba.. .. ! Ilumbol .... I
Columba.. Portlana. .... i
Acapulco.. Panama. i
Homer ] Newport... .
Gaelic I China AJapan
City Puebla Vie & Pet -ma '
Sani;i Rosa San Diesro .... I
State of Cai P0rt1and....... |
Curacao.. Mexico !
I May 5. 9a >:
I May 5. 2 psi
May 5. 10 am
May .>. yAH
May = H, 1 pm
M.lJ* 10 A M
May 0. 10 AM
; May ti, lit a m
mm.v 7. 1 r.M
May 7. 11 a.v
May . 8. 10 AM;
i May 9. l'l AM I
May a. 12 M I
! M v '■'. ham ;
Nay 10. 1 r.v!
May 1!. 10 AMI
May 11. 11 am
May 13. 10 am
I May 12.
Pie.- .
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
PM Si'
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier 1;
Pier II
i Pier *.•
I pier 12
iPM S3
Pier II
PM S3
I Pier ..
Pier II
! Pier 13
I
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, May
4, IS9S.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of tnt?
12Cth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in Charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 4.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Oregon. Stephens. 60% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 48 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, 62 hours from Tilla
mofik.
Stm'r Chilkat, Dunham, 30 hours from Eu-
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Ship Louisiana, Halorow, 87 days -from New
castle, NSW. Hackfeld, Barber, 29 days from
Ger bark H Hackfeld, Barber, 29 days from
Honolulu. ■ .
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, 11 days from
- Schr Martha W Tuft, Olsen, 6 days from
Grays harbor.
Schr Chas Levl Woodbury, Spinney, 135 days
from Gloucester. ■ •
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
s'chY Maxim, Olsen, 30 hours from Caspar.
- CLEARED.
' Wednesday May 4.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ~'--J-'i. , ™. ». ,
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel-
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Cleveland. Hall. Portland; E T Kruse.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu; J D
Snreckels & Bros Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanaimo;
R Dunsmuir Sons Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 4.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Cleveland. Hall. Fort Townsend.
Stmr Zealandla. liowdell, Honolulu.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox.
Stmr B.inita, Ntcolson, Port Harford.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. Seattle.
Br bark Socotra, Harder. Portland.
L'.ktn Irmgard. Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Parkersburs, Nelson, Coqullle River?
Schr Lila and Mattie, Fosen.
Sohr Abbie. Hansen, Caspar.
Schr Robert Searles, PUtz. Puget Sound.
Schr Newark, Bpck, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 4, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
Tne Alton loads steel rails at Tacoma for
Japan; C B i\fnney, coal at Departure Bay for
Honolulu; Guinevere, lumber at Port Gamble
for Valparaiso, owners' account; Jennie Stella.
lumber at Grays Harbor for Ouaymas; Prus
sia, coaJ at Seattle for this port.
SPOKEN.
Mar 21—4 N 29 W, Br ship Alcinous, from
Androssan for San Francisco.
Mar 23—32 S 46 W, Br ship Carnarvon Bay,
for Liverpool for Esquimau.
Mar U— s6 574 W, Br hip Dunboyne, from
Liverpool for Eso mnlt.
Feb 14—2fi S 130 W. Br ship Wilhelm Tell, fin
Tacoma for Qucpnstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Stmr City of Dawson. while being launched
from Mason street wharf this morning, the
ways gave way and vesser now- lies with stern
In water and bow high and dry on the rocks
and damaged.
Boat belonging to pilot-boat America, which
was lost from her deck lashing night of April
2S during a strong NW gale was on the beach
at Point Pedro.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Gar bark H Hackfeld- Had a succession
of SW to KW gales for 15 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
-tHEKA- Saiitd May 4— Stmrs Fulton and
Chilkat. for Saa Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 2— Schr Chas
E Falk. from San ~edro. B— Schr Jennie The
lln, hence Apr 19.
Sailed May 2— Schr Fannie Adele. for San
Francisco. 3— Schr Twilight, for San Fran-
UMPQUA— SaiIed May 4— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro. . „ 
Arrived May 2— Schr Lily, hence April 19;
schr Sadie, hence Apr 21.
ASTORIA— Arrivi May 4— Stmr Albion, frm
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 4— Stmr
Alcazar, from Cleone.
FOBT BOSS— Arrived May 4— Sciir 1* Chil^
na. hence May S.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 4— Sch*
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
. COOS BAY— Sailed May 3— Stmr Arcata, tot
San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed May 4— Schr R W Barti
lett. hence Apr IS for Seattle.
VENTURA— Arrived May 4— Stmr G Loomim,
hence May 3.
USAL—Salled May Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
COPPER RlVEß— Arrived Apr 11— Baric
Electra, hence Mar
TATOOSH— Passed May B— Stmr Walla Wal
la, hence May 1 for Victoria. 4— Stmr Lakms,
hence Apr 29 for Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived May 4— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
COOS Arrived May 4— Schr Gotama, no
Apr 19.
VENTURA— Ka...ed May Stmr G Looml*.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 4-^Jap stmr Tain*.
guchl Mara, for Yokohama.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 4 — Stmr Signal,
hence May 1.
PORT GAMBLE— May 4— Br bark
Lyderhorn, from Port Blakeley.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— May 3— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN, May 3— Br bark Lord
Wolseley has one late on starboard side amid
ships badly torn, leaking overcome, cargo wet
and may have to be discharged.
ANTWERP— Arrived May I— Br ship Princi
pality, from Oregon; Br ship Port Elgin, from
Tacoma: Br ship Wasdale, from Oregon.
DUNKlßK— Arrived May 3— Mr ship Pegasus,
hnce Deo 4: Br ship Cromartvshire, fm Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 3-Br bark Bacca,
from Oregon.
HAVRE— Arrived May 3— Br ship Mashona,
from Or<""»n.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 3— Br brk Anam
ba. from Oregon.
LONDON— May S— Br ship The
Hahncrnann, hence Dec 18.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May I— Stmr Peru, ho
Apr 12.
Sailed Apr 30— Br stmr Tacoma. for Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed May 2— Fr bark Pacl
flque. for St Nazaire.
SLlGO— Arrived May 2— Br bark Selkirkshire,
from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived Ma- 4— Br ship Annie Maud,
hence Dec 12; Br ship Thirlmere, from San
Diego.
DUNKlßK— Arrived May 4— 6hp Province,
from Oregon.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 4— Stmr Teutonic
for Liverpool.
Arrived May 4 — Stmr Servla, from Liver
pool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 4— Stmr Trave.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 4— Stmr Cephalo
nia. for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 4— Stmr Lahn, v
for New York.
BALTIMORE May 4— Stmr Dresden,
for Bremen.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived May 4— Stmr Island,
from New York.
OCEAU TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
5^ Steamers leave Broadway
W^w—^ wharf. San Francisco.
Slw^Wtok. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
l^*Vfcy»S* May 1. 6, 11. 16. 21, 26. 31. June
R&L. F&iCvX^ >■• transfer at Seattle.
fipwribiS 1 Tor Alaskan purta (from
!3lHfcZ^*lMl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
1 I.^^^K^^W; -May 18 _ j un *' ■■• -* ; - July 17,
•Sa^K August 4, 26, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. 6.
11, 16. 21, 26. SI. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steam for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C '■ Ry.
For Eureka (Humbolclt Bay), 10 a. m..
May 2. S. 14. 20. 26, June 1. and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. May 1, 5, 9. 13, li. 21. to, *9.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, BlopplnK only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisnr>l. Santa Barbara. Port
t,<. « r -»|,f and Uedondo iLos Ar.peles), U
a m . 'v ■« .".. 7. 11. 15. 19- 23. 27. 21. June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
Frr Ens^nada, Majidalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatl^n, Vltata, La Pa*, Santa Rosa-
lipand G.mymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. May 12.
Jure 10 B nd 2<l of each month thereafter.
' For further information obtain folder.
Th» .-.,..i -..-.v reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ap^ hoiT« of pnlllnf.
TTOKKT OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
gt^p A i:L:v^s efi CO.. Gen. Agts ( . o
uu 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND :, .
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Berth
IAfIL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon . 7... May 6. 18. 2 *
Columbia «ay 9. IS. 27
State of California May 12. 21. SO
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c c ward _ Genpral A&pnt
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND. ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN, LIVTTR-.
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois. Indi-
ana, 340 C tons, Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans- Atlantic service of the America!
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29. for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fb-t of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and Interme- '
diate points. For passage and freight apply Vt
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
fajMßjajiMMi p. S. S. Special party
j|lOlllC for HONOLULU only.
•E*f» s *"W\vei!nei- l iay. May 4. i
y■■ p. m. Special party
Q«smc}lin J "The S. S. MARIPOSA.
C)iwlllUl!l r ' sails via Honolulu and
/nmFffiniU, Auckland for Sydney
VgllipQltep Wednesday. May IS. at .
% 2 p. in.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
Freight Offlce-527 Market st.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Alexandra. EDPt. via Paris, first class. $160:
t*fSorTRGOGNB May 7. 10 a. ra.
t'a TOURAINE.7. Ma y ». 10 *-■«-
Va GASCOGNE • • May 21. 10 a. m,
LA CHAMPAGNE May 28. 10 a. m.
IA BOUBGOGNE .-Tune 4. 10 a. m.
''i. r further particulars apply to
COMPAQ-VIE C.ENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. Bowling Green, ,-- York,
j F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
A Victoria..... May 19 1 F. Bismarck. ...June 30
V Bismarck... ..June 2 F. Bismarck.... July 28
A Victoria June IS A. Victoria.... Aug. U
Ist Cabin $100 up. 2d Cabin $45 up, Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURO DIRECT.
Palatla..... ....'.May 21' Phoenicia June 18
Pretoria May 28 Pennsylvania.. June 25
Patria..... ...... June 4! Palatia July 3
Ist Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $10. Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HER'/.OG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello"
Men.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Tirors.!
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..................10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
-.--,. Telejhone. Red 2241. -,v .;.
OR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS and SANTA CF.U2 \
Steamer ■ Alviso leaves I'ler 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted); at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. Me;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 NorUl
First street. San Jose. .__....HASTEN TO
EQUIP THE
SOLDIERS
Enthusiastic Meeting
of the Red Cross
Society.
Government . Approves
but Cannot Practically
Aid the Men.
So the Women Start Bravely to
Raise the Required
Fund.
TO-DAY THE MEN'S TURN.
Affiliation With th© National Body.
Appointment of Coni
mlttees.
A most enthusiastic meeting of the
woman's executive committee of the
California Red Cross Society was held
at the residence of Mrs. John F. Mer
rill, 1732 Washington street, yesterday
afternoon. The rooms were adorned
with beautiful roses and flowering al
monds, sent by McClellan Bros., in com
pliment to the Red Cross Society.
There was a short but very animated
discussion as to the purposes of the so
ciety, and its connection with, the Na
tional Red Cross Association was defi
nitely announced. Secretary Hanson
having forwarded to Washington noti
fication of the establishment of the
California branch.
The following sub-committees were \
appointed by Mrs. Willard B. Harring
ton, president of the society:
Constitution and By-Laws — Mrs.
John F. Merrill, Mrs. W. R. Smed
berg.
Finance — Mrs. W. P. Morgan, Mrs.
Edu-ard R. Dimond.
Schools— Miss Elizabeth Blanchard,
Miss Ashe. Mrs. Norman McLaren.
To Solicit Subscriptions — Mrs. J. G.
Sanborn, Mrs. Louis Sloss, Miss
C. Gwin, Mrs. Florence Moore, Mrs.
J. R. Loosely, Mrs. J. G. Clark.
•:■;. On Nurses — Mrs. C. R. Winslow,
Mrs. Wendell Easton, Mrs. William
P. Shaw, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs.
Addie Ballou, Miss Weinstock, Mrs.
Woodworth, Mrs. Wethered.
On Entertainment — Mrs. Edna
Poulson, Mrs. H. F. Bartinas, Miss
Anna Brice, Mrs. Horace Wilson,
Ildiss Aimsa Cellarius.
Clubs and Organizations — Mrs. I.
"Lowenberg, Mrs. A. S. Hubbard,Miss
McKewen.
The name of at least one gentleman
will be added to each of these commits
tees, but the proportion of ladies to
gentlemen will be two to one.
Mrs. Henry James acted as assist
ant secretary of the executive commit
tee and Mrs. Florence Moore and Mrs.
James S. V.'ethered were appointed re
cording and corresponding secretaries.
Mrs. I. L.->\vr;herg accompanied her
signature with a donation of $20.
The following communication from
Dr. J. B. D. Middl^ton was read.
Surgeon-General's Office,
San Francisco, May 3, 1898.
The petition being referred to me
for an expression of opinion by sev
eral ladies of the Red Cro3s Society,
I will say that the movement is an
excellent one and meets with my ap
proval.
J. B. D. MIDDLETON,
Deputy Surgeon-General, 0". S. A.
"This disposes," said Mrs. Harring
ton, "of the objection raised by some
that the National Government is pre
pared to fully equip our soldiers who
Jiave been mustered in this morning.
The Government provides but th.;
barest necessities. It is our duty, and
I think the mater should receive our
attention at once, to see that the boys
\yho go to fight for us, while we re
main at home in comfort and safety,
should be provided for to the best of
our ability."
"In the East," said Mrs. Dimond,
"they're far to advance of us. New
York has given a million, Pennsylva- ;
nia has given a million, and other j
States are giving smaller amounts, but !
In proportion. Our men ought to be as
well taken care of as those of any
State in the Union. In my opinion, we ,
should become auxiliary to the Na- j
tional Red Cross Association, but until ;
we hear that we are accepted at Wash- ;
ington, let us provide for our own."
"I grow weary," said Mrs. J. G. |
Clark, "of the conservative opinions of ;
the business man, who is too old to go
to fight, and too indifferent to care
whether those who go to fight for him j
ar.d for us are properly equipped. Ex- j
perience has taught me the wisdom, !
the necessity of the Red Cross. This j
latest information that our men have i
1 n called out brings the thing home
quickly to us."
"We've got to get to work, and im
mediately," sai.l Mrs. Smedberg. "We
have Dr. Hopkins' word for it that j
mon^y is urgently needed. We have
Dr. Middle-ton's confirmation. As I un
d» -stand it, the National Government
is not prepared to provide the list of
necessities Dr. Hopkins has made pub
lic. The people of California, then,
through the Red Cross Society, will
take this upon themselves."
Among the thirty or forty ladles
present there was a charming willing- j
rup? to serve on committees and in any '■
way be of use to the Red Cross So
ciety. Each of the chairmen of the
committees is alread-- busy formulat- '
ing plans, bo that the v. ork may - o on
with all possible celerity.
The Orpheum has been notified that
the Red Cross Society of California ac
cepts gratefully its generous offer to '
give a matinee for the benefit of the i
fund, and asked that it take place as i
soon as possible. It iB the intention of j
the society to raise funds at once so
that should emergency orders come
for the immediate sending off of our
men their most pressing wants shall
be provided for.
Headquarters will be opened within
a day or two at the Claus Spreckels
building, second floor. Secretaries and
officials will be on hand to receive sub- !
scrlptioas, to give information and to j
attend to all other business.
The gentlemen composing the other
half of the executive committee meet
to-day. If they accomplish as much as
the better half did yesterday the Red
Cross Society will start on its merciful
errand &lad of heart, sound of purpose,
sure of success.
ON TO BAKERSFIELD.
Work on the Valley Boad Nearing
Completion at the Southern
End.
Chief Engineer Story of the Valley Road
gives most encouraging reports of the
progress that is being made on the work
all along the line. On the link from the
lake down to Visalia the grading is be
ing pushed right ahead, and already
nearly five miles of the roadbed has been
completed. The same activity is mani
festing itself on the Stockton branch of
the road, and tne long snake-like evidence
of industry is rapidly taking shape and
stretching itself out toward the city.
The approaches to the great Franklin
tunnel are about finished, and it is ex
pected that the beginning of the week will
see the work commenced on the supports
of the tunnel itself, though it may be an
other week or ten days before the actual
boring on the tunnel is commenced. The
contractors have about seventeen months
to finish the job, and while the length of
the work when comp'.eu-d will be nearly
a mile, it is thought that by progressing
at the rate of about six feet a day the
time allowed in the contract will be ample
to finish, not only the big piece of work,
but to complete two smaller tunnels on
the road at either end.
Soon the station at Bakersfield will be
sufficiently complete to transact business
In it. and as the work on the bridge over
Kern River is practically finished with the
exception of laying the tracks over the
structure, it will not be long before pas
sengers will be traveling over the river on
a trestle to disembark at the handsom
est station in that portion of the coun-
In a few days Vice President "Watt will
make a tour of inspection over the entire
line, arriving at Hakersfield in time to
take part in the formalities attending the
completion of his road to that point. He
will be accompanied by other officials con
nected with the Valley Road's offices In
this city.
LIVELY DAY IN WHEAT.
An Advance of More Than Eleven
Cents in Two Days.
The wheat pit was the scene of intense
excitement yesterday. Early Liverpool
advices quoted wheat prices equal to 10
cents advance, as compared with the final
figures of the night before. Paris wbeat
and flour opened at nominal quotations
of the day before. The strong advance
in Liverpool was soon reflected in the
Paris market, which soon showed an ad
vance of fifty centimes. Adued to this
bullishness rumors found their way into
the trade to the effect that Germany and
Italy would follow France in reducing the
duty on wheat. Another report said Rus
sia had officially stopped the export of
wheat from that country- There was bull
news enough in the atmosphere to scare
the most hardened short. On Tuesday
December wheat sold at $1 SV'i. and con
tinued buying by Harry Wise had ad
vanced the price to $1 73. At the close
yesterday his purchases were very large,
running "into many thousanu tons of
wheat. The market opened at $1 65-vs for
December and advanced to $1 69 by noon.
At the afternoon session Wise went into
the pit and took everything offered. The
shorts tried to stand him off. but the more
they sold, the more he wanted. At the
close of the s^-s^ion $^ 71 was the ruling
price, with May at $1 78. Immedtately
after the session closed curb trading be
gan. Bidding by shorts advanced the
price to $1 73 for December, where it held
for the <i - , making a total advance of
11% cents :rom the onening on Tuesday
until the close Wednesday. The extreme
high price quoted for Chicago May wheat
<J1 ",D excited much comment among the
trada These figures have not been
renched since I^BB, when "Hutch"
trimmed the shorts, making them settle
mber wheat at $2 per bushel. The
demand for cargoes afloat is surprisingly
brisk, every day. nouns higher prices.
Spot wheat at Liverpool was quoted at
$2 46 per cental yesterday. The trade an
ticipates strong foreign markets this
morning. Higher prices are looked for.
Barley sympathized with the strength
in wheat early, selliner at $1 32*4 for De
cember. Later an easier feeling overtook
the market, resulting In a reaction to
$1 Sl^. The market acts heavy, the ten
dency seeming downward.
■ » ■
FIFTY YEARS AS A PRIEST.
Father de Masini of St. Ignatius
Church Will Celebrate the
Event Sunday.
Rev. Father Telepphorus de Masini will
celebrate the golden jubilee of his priest
hood at St. Ignatius Church next Sunday
morning, and he will be the first of his
order to claim the honor. Preparations
are now in progress for a magnificent and
sublime anniversary ceremony by the
priests of the college to commemorate the
event, and circulars are being sent to the
pastors of every Catholic church in the
city to have representatives in attendance
at Alari'6 grand mass, which will be
chanted in the morning by a specially
augmented choir.
In the afternoon at 1 o'clock, immedi
ately after the services in the church, a
dinner will be given in the college ad
joining, at which Father de Masini will
preside In person, it being arranged and
given in his honor by the other members
of the clergy.
At 3 o'clock the members of the Ladies'
SodaJity will hold a reception in honor
of the aged priest in the college hall on
Van Ness avenue, which will be followed
by another Monday afternoon by the stu
dents of the college, who will meet and
honor their aged preceptor with a fitting
demonstration. Archbishop Riordan will
deliver an address on the occasion, which
will be followed by several more by prom
inent clergymen of the Catholic church.
Sunday morning the sermon will be
preached by Rev. Father Freiden, the
provincial of the Jesuit order on this
coast, on the subject of the "Priest
hood," while the sermon at vespers will
be preached by the Rev. Father Woods,
S.J. Macs In the morning will be said
by Father de Masini in person, assisted
by the priests of the college.
AN IMPOSTOR EXPOSED.
Edward Kelly Is in No Way Con-
nected Witli or Related To the
Kelly Brothers.
Phil C. Kelly and John F. Kelly, who
represented the firm of Kelly Brothers,
dry goods merchants on Sixth street,
some time ago, emphatically deny that
Edward Kelly, sentenced on Monday by
Judge Joachimsen to one year in the
County Jail, is in any way connected with
or related to them. As a matter of fact
investigation shows that he is not.
Edward Kelly has for over a year been
victimizing dry goods and other houses
by representing that he was one of the
above-mentioned Kelly Brothers, and
when he was sentenced Monday for again
working his old game the police unwit
tingly gave out the information that he
was one of the members of the former dry
goods firm. His real name is Osmond E.
Kelly.
A NEWSBOY INJURED.
Abe Goodman Run Over on Powell
Street.
Abe Goodman, a newsboy, aged 12 years,
was struck and run over by car No. 401 of j
the Powell street branch of the Market I
street railway system yesterday after- j
noon at 4 o'clock on Powell street, near I
Eddy. Goodman was standing directly j
in front of the car, endeavoring to dis
pose of a newspaper to a passenger when
the car started. The injured lad was car- j
ried to a near-by drug store and placed in i
a physician's care. On examination it \
was found that four of Goodman's toes
had been broken, his face and hands were
badly cut and bruised, and it is feared
that he may have received internal in-
The child is said to be the only support
of his mother. After his injuries had
been dressed he was sent to his home, 37
Harriet street, in an ambulance by Of
ficer Keys.
Marked With the Letter "E."
John J. Granfield. the young wife beater,
was ordered into custody yesterday morn
ing by Judge Campbell. Mrs. Granfield
told the Judge that her husband had been
keeping company with a woman, and wore
her ring, which had the letter "E" en
graved on it. When he struck her on the
face Sunday night the mark of the letter
could, be plainly seen. She lifted up her
veil and it was plainly discernible Gran
field will be tried Uiis morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BLISSFUL HOPES
SOON BLASTED
Mrs. Gertrude Jones Tells
of Many Unfaithful
Acts.
Four Years Ago She Became
the Bride of a Wealthy
Young Man.
Allegations Mad* That Bring Up
tho Names oT Several
Women.
Oakland Office Sail Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 4.
Gertrude Kellogg Jones has asked that
she be separated legally from the husband
whom she married just four years ago.
In April, 18&4, Ernest N. Jones and Gert
rude Kellogg, both of whom occupied
places in local society as well as across
the bay, were married in San Francisco,
the occasion being one of the swell events
of the season.
After the bridal tour the youns folks
took up their residence in a handsome
home at Twentieth and Franklin streets,
and here two children were born, one of
whom is now llftecn months old and the
oth-jr less than that number of weeks.
Soon after the marriage suggestions
that all was not as it should be in the
Jones household were whispered about,
and as the months passed by it was
known that these rumors had some
foundation. However, according to the
wife's story, at the end of the first year
her husband began to show a desire to
avoid his home and to seek other com
pany.
For three years domestic harmony has
gradually given place to discord and un
pleasantness, and for some time their
relations have been productive of so much
unhappiness that the young wife decided
to sue for a divorce. Her complaint con
tains many serious allegations, and the
names of several women are freely used.
In one instance Mrs. Jones makes men
tion of a little courting carried on by her
husband with a lady of this city, and the
complaint states that to further his ends
he used the name of H. M. Forester of
San Francisco.
Both husband and wife have property
and Mrs. Jones alleges that her nusband
has a valuable estate in this city as well
as in Berkeley and she seeks substantial
alimony, absolute separation and the cus
tody of the two children. Her personal
property guarantees her an income of $30
per month. It is understood that the case
will be bitterly contested by the husband,
Ernest N. Jones.
. ♦ «
COURTS TO DETERMINE.
City Auditor Snow Refuses to Draw
a Warrant for Owen Rooney.
OAKLAND, May City Auditor Snow
has refused to draw a warrant to reim
burse Owen Rooney for taxes paid the
city. His claim of $1000 passed Monday
night by the City Council was declared
lllegral by City Attorney Dow, and the
Auditor will allow him to defend the case
in the courts if Rooney wants his money
bad enough to sue for it. ..
Mr. Dow, in discussing the matter,
said: "It was clearly the Intention of the
charter-framers that the western boun
dary should be at the three-fathom l line,
and under that interpretation the moie
would be Inside the city. If the line of
the ship channel, as laid down by the
Supreme Court, should be held to be the
western boundary of the city, it would bo
impossible for the western and southern
lines of the cit- to meet, as the northern
line is in deep water in the middle of the
estuary and the western line would have
to terminate at the line of low tide. This
would leave the city in an absurd position
as far as boundaries were concerned."
. ♦ ■
TO RECEIVE DIPLOMAS.
Many Studious Pupils Will Be Re
warded With Parchments.
OAKLAND, May 4.— The various schools
and colleges in this county are now pre
paring for the commencement exercises
prior to the summer vacation. The public
schools will close on Friday, June 3.
At Mills College one collegiate. Miss
May Adele Laughlin, will graduate, and
the following students: the Misses Sydina
A. Barnard, Evelyn M. Kerr, Grace E..
Reynolds, Lou V. Kowe and Adelaide M.
Samuels.
Miss Daisy Carolyn Kimball will con
duct the elocution recital.
The Convent of the Sacred Heart will
issue diplomas to Miss Anna Fennessy of
Oakland, Miss Lilian Parker of Salinas.
Mlhs Victoria Downey of San Francisco,
Miss Margaret Lewis of Virginia City,
New
The graduating exercises of St. Mary's
College will be held on the 25th lnst., and
St. Joseph's Academy on the 27th inst.
~ ■• ■ ■ ft
Recruiting Rangers.
ALAMEDA. May 4.— An office for the
enlistment of members of the California
Rangers was opened in this city yesterday
and already a goodly number of recruits
has been obtained. There are a number
of patriotic; young men who are afraid
that their services will not be made use
of through present organizations, though
tney are willing to go, and they are sign
ing'the muster roll for the Rangers. Com
pany F has been assigned to Alameda,
and it looks as though the roll would bo
completed with little trouble.
A Mistake in His Figures.
ALAMEDA. May 4.— At the meeting of
the Board of Trustees on Monday night
the contract for painting the Webb-ave
nue nrehouse was let to H. Kaufman for
$9125. The contracts were all let by num
bers. When Kaufman came to look Into
tlio matter he found that he had made a
mistake and hnd put in a bid on the
W^bb-avonue house when he really was
bidding on another and ranch smaller one.
Now he wants to throw up the contract,
and is trying to persuade the next bid
der to take it off his hands, in considera
tion of he (Kaufman) paying him the dif
ference between the two blus.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDyA. May 4.— The Unity "Circle
will give a concert this evening at the
Unitarian church.
Two applications for positions as teach
ers in the school department were re
cHvod at last night's meeting of the
Board of School Trustees.
Alameda Tent No. 32 of the Maccabees
at its meeting last night passed a reso
lution authorizing the lodge to pay all
dues and assessments of any member who
takes part in the war between Spain and
the United States.
Tho librarian reported last night to the
Board of Library Trustees that during the
past month 11,-iIS books were takea out for
hnme use, of which just 50 per cent were
The milk report filed with the Health
Board by the City Veterinarian to-day
shows a good condition of dairies and a
comparatively high percentage of cream
and butter fat for so dry a season.
An entertainment will be this
evening at Masonic Hall by the ladles of
the Eastern Star for the benefit of the
Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto.
Mis s Mary Smith of 1841 Park street was
seriously polsoped on Saturday last, it is
supposed from eating strawberries upon
which some insecticide hnd been sprinkled
by the grower. She is out of danger, but
Captain Andrew L. Ritchie of this cfty
will go to Aiaska to-morrow to take
charts of a steamer that is to be put on
the Yukon River betweeen St. Michael
aDd Dawson.
Bench Show Postponed.
OAKLAND. May 4.— The Alameda
County Kennel Club met to-night and de
cidtd to postpone the bench show until
September 14. 15. 10 and 17. This was done
in order to secure more and better exhib
its than could be had at this time and to
give more time for the arrangements.
NOT THE ACT
OF SOLDIERS
Company F Shows Its
Dislike for Its
Colonel.
Fairbanks' Photo Is Decorated
With Some Old
Clothes.
A Breach of Etiquette That May Lead
to Unpleasantness for a Few
Guardsmen.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 4.
Colonel Fairbanks would not have felt
very highly honored had he walked into
the recreation room of Company F this
morning. Some members of this company
are not satisfied that they are not already
blazing away at the Spaniards or among
this nation's honored dead. 'j.ney en
rolled themselves for the purpose of going
to war, and to war they want to go.
For nearly two weeks they have been
expecting daily a call to the front, but it
has not yet come, and their early enthusi
asm is being succeeded by impatience and
a touch of disappointment. In some man
ner or other these aggressive members of
the company believe that the colonel of
the Fifth Regiment is responsible for the
delay. They argue that had he properly
represented the anxiety of his men to
rush into war that they would have been
by this time regulars in the Lnited States
After the announcement made yesterday
that the National Guard of San Francisco
would muster at once and would to-day
proceed to the Presidio en route to Ma
nila it was fully expected that orders
would arrive this morning ordering the
Oakland companies to do likewise. Sev
eral officers and men gathered at the ar
mory, but only to be disappointed. The
idea that Colonel Fairbanks is responsi
ble for the delay prevailed so strongly
with a few of the members that they
turned the colonel's large portrait toward
the wall and wrote on the back in large
letters, "Mustered out." ,
This was not all of the humiliation
heaped upon the colonel, however, for in
the hall is an official document in a frame
setting forth Colonel Fairbanks' authority
ity and this decoration was covered over
with a pair of old overalls.
"When it was suggested that such ac
tions might be a breach of etiquette. If
rot of military discipline, one of the mem
bers stated that Colonel Fairbanks was
in seclusion at Petaluma and would never
A majority of the members of the com
pany deprecate the action of their less
patient comrades, and among some the
opinion prevails that the incident may
lead to a court-martial. .
Major Hayes when seen to-night, said:
"We have investigated the matter
thoroughly, and it is me work of some
soreheads of this battalion who It was
about settled would not volunteeer in case
the command was called upon to go out.
We know ♦*••»-» ana if there is time
enough they will be punished. Their acts
are acts of Ignorance and not the senti
ment of the companies. Colonel Fair
banks offered vrovernor Buda his entire
command and has the respect and sup
port of every officer. There is not a word
of criticism from any but these soreheads,
and they would never be given a chance
to serve under Colonel Fairbanks. We
are all impatient to get away, but noth
ing more." ' <>■» •
-,■ 1 ■ ♦ ■
MERCHANTS EXCHANGE.
Elect a Board of Directors, Hear Re
ports and Partake of a
Banquet.
OAKLAND. May 4.— The polls of the
Merchants' Exchange closed last night.
after being open for twelve hours. A
count of the ballots cast showed the fol
lowing directors elected: George W. Ar
per, D. C. Brow*. George T. Burtchaell,
J. L. Champlin, H. C. Coward. F. M. Far
well, Herman N. Gard, Theodore Gier,
Frank C. Howe. F. J. Lea. Feodor Muhr.
W. I. Reed. H. M. Sanborn, A. H. Schleu
ter Fred Sinclair, J. F. W. Sohst, H. turn
Suden. W. V. Witcher, J. S. W'ixson, Wll
ber Walker, H. D. Gushing and C. Wei
dersheim.
President Arper declared that he had
never received a letter from Congress
man Hilborn. as published, and he pro
posed to know whether the mails had
been robbed or the Congressman took
that method of severing his connection
with the exchange.
Secretary Webb K. Pierce presented his
annual report, covering the year's work,
and in closing said:
The year closes up with a war hanging over
this country, but while we shudder at the pos
sible 1op« of life that may come on that ac
« urn. yet wo cannot but be thankful for the
union, harmony and patriotism shown In every
section of this bnmd nation, and while victo
ries have so followed our flag, we hope that
peace will soon follow, and again our country
will take a frunt rank in the list of nations for
one of peace, prosperity and progress.
The Treasurer's report showed $1226 19
expended during the year and a balance
of $78 33 on hand. After the meeting the
annual banquet was partaken of in the
halls of the Central Bank building ad
joining their rooms.
■ ♦ ■
Unitarian Garden Party.
BERKELEY. May 4.— Society in Berke
ley and neiphborhoood is looking forward
with much pleasurable anticipation to the
garden party which will be given by the
ladles of the Unitarian church, Berkeley,
Saturday, May 7, from 2 to 11 at "Welte
vreden," the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. S.
Gray. Ridge road. Scenic Park. The pro
gramme of delights includes an entertain
ment, "supper from 5 to 7" and dancing
in the evening. For the convenience of
guests it is expressly stated that buses
will meet each train at Berkeley station
and will be at the terminus of Telegraph
avenue cars half hourly.
New Basket-Bail Captain.
BERKELEY. May 4.— Miss Alma Emma
Stockwell '00 has been elected captain of
the University of California basket ball
team, to succeed Miss Edith S. Brownsill
'98. Miss Stockwell has played guard on
the 'varsity nine during the past season.
Her skill as a player and her exceptional
faculty of securing the co-operation of all
the players won her the honr>r of captain
ing the co-ed athletes. The team will
play but one more game this term, on
Saturday morning next with the Irving
Institute team from San Francisco.
Arson Attempted.
BERKELEY, May 4.— An attempt was
made late last night to destroy by fire
the students" wood yard on Adaison
street. Tom Jones, a street car driver,
discovered the fire, which had been ignit
ed in a kerosene soaked pile of shavings.
An alarm was turned in and the blaze
extinguished after $.iO worth of damage
had been done. Mnnager J. R. Dean of
the wood yard believes that the fire was
started by a man with whom he has had
trouble. Several people have furnished
an accurate description of a suspicious
looking man who was seen lurking about
the place early in the evening, and It is
believed that the would-be incendiary
will be apprehended.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, May 4.— A memorial serv
ice in honor of the late Mrs. S. D. Water
man was held yesterday in the Trinity
Mothodist Church of Berkeley.
George N. Tyler, a well-known Alameda
florist, declares that Berkeley is a "jay
town." Tyler bases his statement on
the fact that Berkeleyans failed to sup
port the flower show recently held by
1 the Berkeley Floral Society. The so
ciety came out of the venture $123 short.
Next Saturday morning, at Recreation
Park. San Francisco, the Berkeley High
School will play Hoitts School o f Bur-
Hngame for the baseball championship of
the Academic Athletic League.
Left a Valuable Estate.
Joseph Figuerre, who died on the 27th
ult.. left an estate valued at JIO.OOO to
Cecfte Raisin.
PREPARED FOR
AN ACCIDENT
Suggestive Notes Left
by Philias H. Lam
eroux.
No Intimation of Insanity Is
Given Before the Coro
ner's Jury.
His Death Resulted From a Bullet
Wound While Laboring Under
a Fit of Despondency.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 4.
"If anything should happen to me
by accident or otherwise"
"If anything should happen"
These words on the back of two blank
checks of the Remillard Brick Company
was the only evidence Introduced at the
Coroner's inquest to-night to show that
Phllias H. Lameroux intended to commit
suicide last night. They were found in a
cuspidor in the family residence this
morning.
The jury found that the "deceased com
mitted suicide while laboring under a fit
of despondency." No evidence was intro
duced to show who or how he was found
and any question looking toward the mat
ter of his business relations or domestic
affairs was invariably answered with "I
don't know" or "the books have not been
examined." . ■
P. H. Remillard testified that he knew
no reason why the deceased should com
mit suicide. He knew of no financial or
domestic difficulties. He was under the
Impression that Lameroux was despond
ent. He knew his health had been a cause
of concern to him for some time. He
knew by hearing that deceased dined at
home and left about 8 o'clock. His wife
was not at home when he left, and he
told the maid to "be good to the chil
dren."
Testimony of employes was taken cov
ering the time from 2 p. m. yesterday un
til 8 o'clock last night. He failed to count
the money turned over to him at 6 clock
in the office, nor did he put it down in
the cash book. When asked why he did
not count it he asked. "Is it all right."
Being answered in the affirmative, he said,
c Well, If it Is right, it's right." He was
driven home as usual, but did not speak
to his driver, sitting with his head down
all the way as if thinking.
D. W. Swain, night patrol-wagon driver,
was the next to see him that appeared
before the Coroner. This was at 9:10, and
he found him with a bulldog revolver
with five chambers, grasped tightly In his
hand. It required hard work to release
it. Three chambers were empty.
No testimony was introduced to show
whether shots were heard in the vicinity,
nor was the individual who was supposed
to have notified the police called as a
witness. None of the witnesses suggested
anything in the nature of insanity and
the Jury refused to entertain any thought
of the kind. -
CELEBRATED THE
FOUNDER'S FEAST
Many Students at St. Mary's
Are Confirmed by Arch
bishop Riordan.
Clergy From All Over the Diocese
Present at the Solemn
High Mass.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 4.
Th^ feast of the founder of the Chris
tian Brothers was observed at St. Mary's
College to-day. At 10 o'clock a solemn
high mass was celebrated In the college
i chapel, at which all of the students and
many of their friends assisted.
The celebrant was Rev. P. Foley of St.
Joseph's. Alameda; deacon, Rev. A. Cull,
of St. Francis de Sales; sub-deacon. Rev.
J. Butler, also of St. Francis; master of
ceremonies. Rev. J. J. Cranwell, the col
lege chaplain. Among the clergy present
were the Most Rev. Archbishop P. W.
Riordan, M. D. Connolly. St. Paul's, San
Francisco; Rev. J. Prelatti, S. J.. St. Ig
natius, San Francisco; Rev. J. Hickey, S.
J., St. Ignatius; Revs. L. Serda and M.
Whvte of Temescal; Revs. M. King and
E J Nolan of St. Mary's, Oakland; Rev.
T McSweeney, St. Francis'; Rev. J. B.
McNally. St. Patrick's; Rev. A. Gloria,
St Joseph's; Rev. M. Pimentel of Pinole.
The mass was sung by the college quar
tet, consisting of the following: Tenors—
W P. Sullivan, J. S. ODea, F. Mlchels,
C. Berger; bassos— H. Huff, R. Guichard,
S. Young. A. Finan.
The following students were confirmed
by the Archbishop: F. A. de Leon. J. J.
Mitchell, F. L. Heidrick. C. M. Berger,
P. C. Trobock, J. L. Quarles. A. A. Stod
dard, A. L. Porter, C. J. Porter, D. F.
Bigley, A. C. Mangin, E. L. Mangin, F.
A. Maver. J. L. Fitzgerald, C. J. Crowley,
J. T. McCarthy, O. T. Pray, J. A. Kelly,
M. L. Bowman, J. A. Coffey, A. P. DorajQ.
W. P. Sullivan of the class of '97 acted as
sponsor for those confirmed.
The closing exercises of the college will
be held at the Macdonough Theater on
the 27th. The candidates for the degree
of bachelor of arts are: W. P. Sulli
van, B. S., '97; L. F. Tormey, F. M. Silva,
J. I. ODea, A. P. Finan, T. M. Donovan.
Those trying for bachelor of science are:
J. A. Young, E. T. Mallon.
JEFFRIES' FORM
WAS AT ITS BEST
Appears Before the Reliance
Club in Oakland as a
Show.
Two Contests In Which the Light
weights Fight and the Heav
ies Pose.
OAKLAND, May 4.— James J. Jeffries
surprised the big audience at the Reliance
Club to-night. Nothing can be said about
his boxing, for he did not box, but his
form was simply perfect. Although a
natural giant, his muscles and flesh are
so well proportioned that he did not look
the big man he is ejcept when ordinary
sited men were near him. When his long
robe was removed the crowd cheered for
several minutes, and certainly no such
specimen of a perfect fighter has ever
been before cheered in an Oakland ring.
Jeffries is at his best and one-half of the
throng attended the entertainment for the
purpose of seeing him stripped.
Billy Jordan, the ancient Bupplicant for
freedom from smoking during a contest,
was present and filled his position of mas
ter of ceremonies with all due aplomb
and hupkiness of voice.
Jeffries was announced to ngnt three
rounds with Jack Stelzner, but as Stele
ner is suffering from a boll Jeffries'
brother was substituted. It was under
stood that there would be no hitting, as
anything in the nature of a fight would
be a breach of Jeffries' contract for Fri
day night. For three rounds the two
brothers sparred and danced around like
kittens. Their exhibition was much ap
plauded.
Kid McFadden and William Murnane
boxed eight rounds, and the contest was
a fight from start to finish. The two
lightweights are both clever and game,
and came up in such good condition that
the limited number of rounds was barely
enough to enable the judges to give a de
cision, which went to McFadden.
Phil Green, the acrobatic lighter, and
Billy Lewis of Vallejo met for eight
rounds, and the contest was aa much of a
pantomime as a fight. Lewis affected to
show so much self-confidence as to make
himself ridiculous, and occasionally he
suffered for it. Green is improving, and
did most of the work, but when Lewis did
land he produced as much effect with one
blow as Green did with four. The affair
was declared a draw, but Green had a
majority of the audience in his favor.
Verdict Expected This Week.
OAKLAND. May 4.— The trial of J. I.
Leg-ault, charged with arson in setting
fire to his stock of goods at Thirty-fourth
and Adeline streets, is about completed
and a verdict will be rendered this week.
It has occupied the court eight days al
ready, and a determined fight is being
made. The witnesses of the prosecution
included Deputy Surveyor P. A. Haver
lin. Officer Charles F. "Layton, Sergeant
John Morrison, ex-Fire Warden Murdoch,
Sergeant Hodgkins, Charles E. Boman,
Officer L. E. Andrews. George W. Austin,
Qeorge S. Naismith,- Police Court Clerk
Hennessey, Captain Wilson, Henr* Re
gan, H. C. Ramsey. A. J. Chapman. W. P.
Wheeler, Frank Clausen and John Fu
gundas. The witnesses so far examined
by the defense include P. N. Remillard,
Theo Westphal. James Kendall, Supervi
sor Mitcheil, George W. Arper. Leo R.
Randolph, F. H. Bruning, Charles F. Lay
ton, J. S. Wixson and J. H. Lange.
FIFTY YEARS AS A STATE.
California to Be Honored by the
Business Men of the City.
The proposed celebration In honor of the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
California as a State into the Union has
emerged from the embryonic state and
bids fair to become an accom
plished fact. The principal originators of
the idea of honoring the semi-centennial
statehood of California with an appro
priate and fitting demonstration met yes
terday afternoon in Attorney Reinstein's
office for the purpose of effecting a tem
porary organization. This was carried
successfully. Mr.Reinstein being appointed
temporary chairman and 11. P. Doolan
secretary.
A motion was made and carried which
provides for the calling of a meeting at 3
o'clock next Wednesday afternoon in the
Chamber of Commerce, where all the rep
resentative business men of the city are
invited to attend.
In addition to this it was decided to In
vite the proprietors or acting proprietors
of the six principal daily papers of the
city to also attend and enroll as active
members In furthering the object of the
organization. The request of Supervisor
Lackmann to have the foreign papers in
cluded in this invitation was denied on
the ground that as the organization is
still in its infancy it would be better to
commence by inviting the principal dailies
and later on including with their member
ship the other papers willing to Join.
Those present at the meeting yesterday
were: General R. H. Warfleld. W. H.
Mills, A. B. Spreckels, F. L. Brown. S. H.
Friedlander, J. B. Reinsteln. Supervisor
Lackmann, Dr. C. A. Clinton and R. P.
Doolan.
Jury Unable to Agree.
The Jury In the case of Timothy Blake,
accused of having betrayed Julia Ash,
under promise of marriage, reported to
Judge Cook last evening that it would
be impossible to agree on a verdict.
Judge Cook thought otherwise and or
dered the jurors locked up for the night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUB DISOEDERB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIBST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S e*~t
jmbb Museum of Anatomy
ilsinl a. 1051 KA2ri * ST. be:. 6th* 7th, S. F. C*L
fl T § ft Tbe L«rg«Bt of Us kind laths Worli.
vHi&l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
BtfOfin/ a, Comalt»:!oa ft«. Writ* ftir B»ok
vl if of Marriage.
a Q , nailed FREE.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEAB2HT ST. Established
Hnlnß In 1 554 for the treatment of Private
M I Tkii^g Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SMBEHBBHw disease wearing on mind and
v 'vUMmI Skin Diseases. The doccorcures when
yWßfflrWflß others fall. Try him. Charges low.
CnrcK guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
l>r. ■»■ «'. wIB.tO.V. Bos ]1 957. 5 an Francleco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597. , trains will run as
follows : * .
South-bound. North-bound. '
Passen- I Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger . Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Dally.
1 7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm. Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 m
12:15 pm 6:45 pm| Vlsalla 6:40 am 12:40 pm
: Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of :
C. X. & I. • Co., • leaving • San Francisco and :
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Spellings, Coulterville. etc.;
also with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa. • etc. ;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San 'Francisco, commencing May 1 ISSS.
W-EK DAYS.
: For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. *8:00
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, <;00, 5:15, »6:00,
6:30 p. m. ' ,
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
ft : m. .
v SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »3:oo, »9:00,
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. '1:45, *2:30, *4:00
5:30, 6:45 p. m. . «.l'Ul^gai al^irm w%Ul—#"<i*Awa
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH . TRAINS, v
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations: \ ; . . . .
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and. way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way eta's.
MOUNT TAUALPAIS 'SCENIC RAILWAY.
. lVla.Sau»alito Ferry.) i
Leave ~ San Francisco, commencing . May 1.
1808: : ■'■-■-;■■ ■ • . .:-.-;. , ■■; •'' .■ ■ - ■.
: Week Days — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p."m.^: v. .-•■■»:• -■.-■:. .•.,.;-:- ;~; ■■ . ■ ...
■ Round trip from Mill ■ Valley, . $1. •
THOS. COOK . & SON, - Agents, 621 : Market
I street, : Saa : Francisco* , . ,
AUCTION SALES.
______
sB> 3o*'
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
SATURDAY-
SATURDAY ...» : May % -533
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. BORAN'S Stock and Sale Yard,
CORNER OF TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
I will sell at public auction the property of
Messrs. Archer, West & McCullough. consist-
ing of SO head of horses, broken and unbroken,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Stock can
be seen at above yards two days previous to
sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
GROCERIES AND VARIETIES.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), at 11 a. m.
1612 HAVES ST., COR. LYON.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIEL.D. 602 Market st.
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
MouTitKUN PACific conrixr. •
(PAUIFIU SYSTEM.)
fi'Miu. leave itnil nr« clv« to arrive al
MAN FltAN«'IM<«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
vat« — From April 33. 1898. — arbiv-i
•C.-OOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... *B:4Sa.
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a.
7:OOa MaryaTille, OroTille »nd Bedding via
Woodland .„ 3»45p
7:00 a. Vacavillo and Ramsey S:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Nap*.
Oaliatoca and Santa Rota SilSp
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast.. •:_>>}?
SiaOA Kites, San Jose, Stockton. lone,
Saoramento, MarysvMle, Chico,
Tehama and Red liluff 4il*r
•St 30a Peters. Milton, Oakdalo (Jamestown
for Yosemite) •7ilop
BiOOa New Orleans Kzpreu, Merced. Fres-
no, BakersOetd. Santa Barbara,
Jxw Augelea, Darning, El I'aso,
New Orleans and £<v>t 6t43p
1 0:00 a VaUeJo. Martinez and Way Stations 7t45p
•1:001" Sacramento lUver Steiimers # »:OOp ,
liOOp Niles, San Jose and Way Stations.. *0:43 a
....... San Jose, Mies and Way Stations... :U:l3a ' "
2:O0i" Lirermore, Mendota, Uanford and •■: ' .
Viaalia 4ilSp :
, LiTerniore, San Jose, Nilaa and Way
Stations J« O: IS a .
....... Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 18:13p .
4ioor Martinez. Han Uainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Ciiiiatoga, I£l Verauo and
Santa 9jl 3 a •
4ioor Benicia. Vacarille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryaTille, Oio-
Tille and .Sacramento IO:4Sa -
4sBop Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 *?
4:30p Stockton, Oikdale, Merced. 12:13p
4:8 Op Castle aud Lodi 1-UI3F .
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda>
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno, •
Moj:>ve, Santa Barbara and Los / ;
Angeles 7i43 a ..
4iltOp Santa Fa Itoute, Atlantic Express . • . •
for Moja»e aud Kast 8:43p -
8:OOp Kiiroj>ean Mall, Ogdeu and East.... 9:43 a
•a:OOpVallejo •• 12:1
o:UOj»llaywun'.n, Nile* and San .Tone 7:43 a
:?:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- : ■
tions J9:43r
8:00p Oregon Sacramento. Marys.
Tllle, Itt-Uliiig, Portland, Puget ". ;
Sound and Kast .................. _:«»•
" SAN LEA.MHO AM» lU\»AUi>B LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) '.
! i ( 7:13 a i
8:004 lle^roB^ Seminary Park, c ! 9s 15 A i
\V%%\ Fltchbnrf , Elmhawt, »i!«t '
• I 1:OOa San Leandro, South S»b 1 ? l4 *5 i> >
tia.OO* Le*"<«ro,E.tudUlo, $£* .
ob'p >• Loren to, Cherry • {aiJ 3*3 *
4:00p tSUSp
SiOOp . •■* 6:15p ,
Si3op naiwards. ° 7:4 ftp '
7:O0p B:4."Jp ■
8:00p i Euns through to Nile*. , f/ii**" '
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow Gauge).
■ ■ (Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa. Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JBiOsp ',
8:13 a Newark San Jose, Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ■
Stations HiSOr
•2:15p Newark, CenteTrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, , " :
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOjSOa. ■
4tlSp San Jose, Qlenwood & Way Stations O:2Oa i :
a4:l3p Boulder Creak and Santa Cniz j'J:2» A i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. *
mm SIS r&aNCISCO — Foot cf ICirkit Strut (Slip 8)— , ■ ■
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:00 t3:GO
•4:00 tB:OO *s :3r.¥.
rrom O»lUSS— FioUfßroidwiT.— «6:oo 8:00 10:00*. w.
112:03 »l:00 t3:00 '3:00 ti:CO *5:00 P.M. '.
~ COAST DIVISION (Broad U»uge). "V
■ (Third and Towtnend St«.) ;
•7:OOa Sau Jo«e and Way Sutious (New i
Almaden Wednesdays only) li3op 1
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion (or Ban Jose. .'--i'
Santa Cruz, Pacinc GroTe and v-l
Principal Way Stations 18:33p
9:00 a Han .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz. v ' '
PaeiHo Grove, Paso Bobles, Sau
I, uis OHlspo, Guadalupe, Surf aud ■■*-..■• ■
Princi|ini Way Stations 4:10p
10:49. San Jose and Way Stations *S:OOa|
lIiSOa San Jose aud Way Stations *S:3sa.|
<2>43p Sao Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, ban Jose, Gilroy,
UollUter, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and Pacifle UrOTe "10:85*
•3:30p San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4:15 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3il)op San Jose and Principal Way Stations _— >4>
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30p
6::t«p San Jose and Way Stations 7:80p
»ll:4Sp San Jose and Way Stations ?:SOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
* Sundays exceptwi. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only j
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. ■
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays. ■
SAN FRANGiSGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Titan. F«rry. Foot «ff Market St.
->A_V FRAMCL3CO TO SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:85.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip ,
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:60 -
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30. •
6:00. 6:20 p. m. '■■-.'. .-, .::
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S.-10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
6:00, 6:25 p. in. [*
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park !
same schedule as above.
Leave ■ ' Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23, _____
Week I Sun- 1393. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ana
; 3:30 pmj9:3o am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pia Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
'. Fulton, ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
• Lytton,
- . . GeyBerville, '
8:30 pm|8:00 am Cloverdale. / 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami • - I Hopland and] 110:25 am
3:30 pm[S:oo am) Uklab. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:3o"am " . \ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm •-> j - 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:00 am] Sonoma 110:40 am' 8:40 am
. -■■.)■■■ and ■
5:10 15:00 pm| Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sebastopol. 110:40 am ;iO:2s am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm( 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan. Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. Rivcr-
nlde. Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Booneville, Orr"s Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday .to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael 'at half rates.
.■. ■ ■
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, i R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
|?sS^i«§i«f CALIFORNIA
;^3 v y LIMITED.
noifff ml san francisco
inHlllilßiififl to
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
•- Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
■ Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, 354
days to Chicago, 4 l i days to New York. . . '
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office, 111S ■ Broadway. Sacramento
office. 201 J street. Son Jose, 7 West Saata
Clara street.
1112
STATE POLITICS
AND THE WAR
MAGUIRE AS
A TALKING
PATRIOT
Says the American
Sailors Are
Pirates,
Colonel Otis Not in Fa
vor With the Mili
tia.
Termed Them Callow Youths
and Now Wants to Com
mand Them.
FAT BAIT FOR FRANK COOMBS
Some Inside Facts That May Prove
to Be of Interest to Some
Local Politicians.
"War and its attributes are playing: sad
havoc with the plans of some of the
aspiring politicians of California. To
be a talking politician In times of
peace is one thing, .but for a iolitician
to talk in war times, when the passions
of the people are inflamed and every
thing is made subservient to the spirit
of patriotism, is quite another.
The latest victim of his own tongue
is Congressman Maguire. That worthy
and voluble statesman has been
"talking out loud," and, unfortunately
for him and his political aspirations,
his words have not been such ls to
merit the commendation of good Ame
ricans. He has called the American
seamen pirates and has, by inference,
said that the brothers in arms with the
brave fellows who folio-wed Commo
dore Dewey to victory in the bay of
Manila should one and all be strung up
to the yardarms of their shi >s for acts
that found approval in the hearts of
every American worthy of the name.
Here is what the man who aspires to
be the war Governor of California has
to say on the subject.
The question before the House was
a declaration of war against Spain, to
date from April 21, when that mon
archy unceremoniously dismissed from
her shores General Woodford, the
American Minister, and refused to
communicate with the United States.
"I consider the seizure of the Buena
Ventura and other seizures on the part
of the United States as nothing more
than piracy."
If it be piracy to inflict injury on an
enemy that has already declared war,
then there are some hundreds of thou
sands of California freebooters who are
ready and willing to sail under the
black flag with Captain Sampson and
Commodore Dewey and the other
brave defenders of the national honor.
At any rate, when the talkative Con
gressman comes hume to make his can
vass for the office of Governor of the
State that is sending some thousands
of her sons to fight for honor and lib
erty on the pestilential shores of strick
en Cuba, he will have to do the tallest
kind of talking to make the people be
lieve that he is the brand of statesman
that is needed to administer the affairs
of state.
There is still another gentleman who
believes himself to be high in the politi
cal counsels of the State who is at this
moment suffering the pricks of his own
nimble tongue. He is Colonel Harrison
Gray Otis, warrior, editor and states
man. A few days ago, from his supe
rior position as veteran of the Civil
War, he poked fun at the National
Guard of California. He called them
"callow youths," and in his superior
wisdom ridiculed the idea of relying
upon them in the inevitable conflict
with the valorous warrior of Spain.
Now, Colonel utia aspires to- the title
of brigadier-general and the command
of these same "callow youths" who are
to represent California in the coming
struggle. The appointment has not yet
been made, and is not likely to be, but
this fact does not prevent conjecture
as to what effect such a misfortune
would have on our soldier boys. If the
colonel were to make half as many mis
takes in war as he has in politics, the
chances are about even that before the
second week of the campaign some
Spanish general vo-uld sell him a gold
brick or would bunko him into turning
his own guns against his friends. Be
that as it may, the National Guard will
have none of him, and he will probably
be permitted to continue in his present
peaceful occupation of being the cats
paw tor every Tom, Dick and Harry in
the Held of State politics. \
Fortunately for c honor of the State
the Maguirea and Otises are few and
far between. There are others who are
patriots first and politicians afterward.
For illustration there is \V. R. Guy of
San Diego, who would like to be the
next Attorney General. Some time since
he quietly and unostentatiously ten
dered his services to Governor Budd
when it became apparent that Califor
nia would be called on to do her share
in the national defense. And there are
others, many others.
Some very pretty political leg-pulling
Is going on just now in conneciio/i with
the appointment of a successor to
United States District Attorney Foote.
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, who was
speaker of the last Assembly, has been
promised the place and will probably
get it unless he consents to be side
tracked as per the plans of others who
want the job. These plans took definite
shape about a mo..th ago when Coombs
was tendered the appointme . of State
Librarian. Before accepting the ap
pointment Coombs consulted with his
friends and finally inform-d the party
leaders that he would decline the honor
unless it was definitely understood that
in case he accepted it he would not
thereby resign any of his claims for the
appointment of United States District
Attorney or release any one from the
promises they had made in that con
—^tion. This ultimatum was corn
munlcated to Senator Perkins in Wash
ing-ton, with the result that he wrote
to Major McLaughlin to the effect that
I as long as Coombs laid claim to the
Federal appointment no one else would
get it. With this understanding Coombs
accepted the office of State Librarian
with its salary of $3000 a year. This
part of the plan having proved success
ful the matter was allowed to rest for
awhile. It is now proposed to appoint
Mrs. Coombs to the position in the
State Library made vacant by the
resignation of Miss Green. This posi
tion is worth $2400 a year. This ap
pointment is to be made if Coombs will
resign all claims to appointment as
United States District Attorney. It
has been pointed out to him that the
Federal position is worth but $4000 a
year and involves a very considerable ]
amount of hard work, while on the |
other hand the position of Librarian is j
a sinecure which, with the position to
be given to Mrs. Coombs, would be j
worth $54QP a year. The bait is a tempt- I
ing one and It may have the desired [
effect. Should Coombs elect to remain |
an officer of the State then the rival j
claims of Eugene F. Bert and R. T. '
Devlin for the Federal appointment
would become a matter of public in
terest. Bert's friends claim that he has
the inside track and they more than
intimate that he is responsible for all
of the fine work that has been done in
this connection during the past two
months.
In connection with the appointment of
Will S. Green to the position of State
Treasurer, vice Levi Rackliffe, de
ceased, much talk has been indulged in
regarding the distribution of the pat
ronage of the office. Treasurer Green
has set malicious tongues at rest by |
announcing that he will make ample j
provision for *he family of his prede- j
cessor. It is needless to say that such
generous action meets with vie ap
proval and commendation of Republi
cans and Democrats alike.
The Republicans of the Second Con
gressional District have practically and
properly given the marble heart to Dis
trict Attorney Frank Ryan's aspiration
to be the successor of Marion de Vrles. j
It became evident some time ago that
Ryan could not get the support of his !
own county delegation and his strength j
in the other counties in the district is [
even less than it is in his own county, j
P. A. Buell of Stockton has a strong j
following and all signs point to the
conclusion that h will succeed in get
ting the nomination. Judge J. M. Wal
ling of Nevada City is his most dan
gerous opponent, it being conceded that
Ryan is out of the running.
In the First Congressional District
John A. Barham still holds first place j
in the minds of his constituents, a con- |
dition that may be due to the fact that j
as yet no one has come forward with a j
bid for the nomination. T. H. Selvage •
is tallied of as a possibility, as is also
State Senator Gillette. As he has
served but half his term as Senator
there is small possibility that Gillette !
will oppose himself to Barham. He is
extremely popular in the district and
would probably succeed in getting tTie
nomination - he so desired.
HAVE DECLARED
A BITTER FEUD
Julius Caesar Saulman and
Samuel Braunhart on
the Warpath.
A Refarencs to Isinglass Tickets Pro
vokes f«n Application for a
Vagrancy Warrant.
A feud has been declared between Julius
Caesar Saulman, diplomat and politician,
and Samuel Braunhart, politician and
diplomat.
No blood has been shed as yet, but
there are rumors of war in the air, and
mutual promises of exposure and social
disgrace not at all in keeping with the
established code of ethics made and pro
vided for the use and guidance of lower
strata politicians.
It all came about in this way: Saulman
is a valiant soldier in the ranks of the !
Rainey Democrats; Braunhart is an hon- J
ored member of the strategic board of the i
Sullivan Democrats. The general com
mittee is the executive body of the Rainey j
forces, and it therefore follows that Saul
man has a vote in its councils. At the
last meeting of the committee, Saulman j
Introduced a resolution providing that the |
tickets for the primary elections should i
be printed on paper of uniform color and
texture, with the exception of those In- j
tended for use in the Twenty-ninth As- |
sembly District. These, the resolution j
provided, were to be printed on isinglass, j
so that the name of Braunhart could not j
be scratched or another name substituted.
<The student of local political history will
remember that tickets of this description
were adopted by Braunhart at the prim
ary election in 1892, a scheme that facili
tated the counting of the vote and pre- I
vented any deception on the part of the
voter. The inventor of this novel scheme
hai since declared that any mention of i
the matter can only be made at the peril '
of his extreme displeasure.
Saulman, having cast down the gage
of battle, It remained for Braunhart to i
devise some effective retaliatory measure. !
After much deliberation, he decided upon '
a course of action, which he proceeded to
carry into effect by going to the City
Hall yesterday and applying to Warrant j
Clerk McGovern for the arrest of Saulman j
on a charge of vagrancy. In support of '<
his complaint he set forth the act that !
Saulman depended for hb; political and I
physical existence upon ihe strengtn of
the Rainey Democracy, and that he
therefore, had no visible means of sup
port.
McGovern took the matter under advise- j
ment, with the result that he ascertained
that Saulman has, besides his political '
affinities, some invisiule connection with a !
downtown insurance concern. Believing !
that this might be alleged as a defense !
against the charge of vagrancy, he de- !
cided not to issue the warrant.
As the matter stands at present, both i
sides are on the defensive and both are
collecting arms and ammunition for use in
the immediate future.
More Trouble Ahead.
A suit was filed yesterday with the Rail
road Commissioners by John Robinson
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and all affiliated lines known as
the Southern Pacific system.
The complainant goes into a history of
the Southern Pacific Company, the issu
ance of its franchises and the issuance of
franchises to roads which have been ab
sorbed by this company. He then states
on general belief that these roads were"
leased by the Southern Pacific in a man
ner contrary to law. If they were ille
gally leased they are at present being
illegally operated or practically not
being operated at all. He then prays that
as the roads have not been in operation
for a period exceeding one year, the
franchises be declared void and that the
respondents be summoned before the
commission and ordered to bring all
books, papers, etc., relating to the con
solidated roads, that thorough investiga
tion may be made.
The whole bill of complaint bristles with
allegations of fraud and deception of al
most every kind in which a corporation
may be implicated. The Commissioners
are in ■ doubt as to whether they have
Jurisdiction to hear the case, and the
opinion of the : Attorney-General will be
asked before summonses are issued At
torney George W.Moateltli represents the
complainant _•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSPAY, MAY 5, 1898.
WEAK POINTS
IN THE CHARTER
The New Lord Mayor's Funda
mental Law Laid Bare
by Those Opposed.
Continental League Leads the Way
to Defeat the Lopsided
Document
There was a large meeting of rep
resentative citizens In Saratoga Hall
last night. The object of so many per
sons being present was to hear the rea
sons given by the speakers why the pro
posed "Lord Mayor's" new charter should
not be adopted.
Dr. J. H. Stallard, on being introduced
by Chairman Worth of the league to give
' his reasons why this proposed law should
: be retired to the archives of the defunct,
; said in brief:
Its obscure and conflicting provisions will
i give rlsg to innumerable disputes, to be settled
i only by the courts. The brevity and simplicity
i of a charter Is the truest test of Us home rule
It distrusts the people and their representa
| tlves, the Board oi Supervisors, and surrounds
them with checks, baJances and Ironclad re-
I strictions which Imply corruption and dis
• honesty and are repugnant to honorable men.
i The creation of a free and honest government,
i capable of promptly and successfully dealing
1 with the changing conditions and requirements
i of the city's growth, is thus prevented.
It does not provide for a government wntcn.
can be trusted to spend the public moneys
with wisdom and economy. The imposition of
the dollar limit affords no protection against
corruption, extravagance and waste; particu
larly when the limit can be set aside under
conditions which may be created by the govern
ment ltstlf.
The power to tax and to appropriate is given
to the Board of Supervisors, while the power
to appoint, to fix salaries and control ex
penditures Is taken from them and given to
appointed "bosses"— the Auditor, Assessor, Tax
Collector, Treasurer. County Clerk, District
Attorney, City Attorney. Recorder. Sheriff,
Coroner, and to the Mayor and his appointees—
whereby power Is divided and responsibility
Is lost. The curse of patronage by individuals
and cliques Is confirmed and extended in every
l department of administration.
The "Lord" Mayor and his appointees, over
j whom he has discretionary power to remove,
will conduct the elections and will be put in j
charge of all the city property. Including |
parks and public buildings, and will control
eisrhty-three per cent of the entire expendi
tures of the city government. Of this, more
than $2,000,000 is patronage, with a certainty of
increase in the Board of Works.
Experience In American cities has shown
that a similar distribution of power is sub
versive of sound economy, political purity and
an honest administration of affairs.
He concluded:
Fellow citizens, let me Implore you to pro
j ceed slowly. If you have not read the new
charter, do not vote; If you understand it,
! you will vote against it. It does not provide
| the city with an honest, efficient and eco
| nomical government. It does not expect to
i provide an incorruptible Board of Supervisors.
I It does not reduce the power of the elected
"bosses." The Assessor, Tax Collector and
! County Clerk will still enjoy enormous patron
age, with which to maintain the army of
henchmen who hold possession of the City
Hall.
James E. Field, B. I. Solomon, A. E.
Friedlander and Oscar Lewis followed In
able and teling arguments against the
adoption of the charter. Dorsen Nichols,
a member of the league, offered a reso
lution pledging opposition to the charter
on the following grounds:
It -would confer on the Mayor greater power
than Is wielded by any other executive officer
in the United States, a power wholly Inconsist
ent with the spirit, if not the actual letter of
the constitution of our country; he would, with
the concurrence of the Board of Supervisors,
have the power to annul the people's verdict
as expressed at the ballot box, by the removal
of any or ail of the elected officers of the city
government, and he alone would have the ap
pointing: of their successors; his authority in
the matter of the removal of appointed officers
would be absolute; he could invade any de
partment of the city government at will and
remove any appointee therein, and the person
removed would be without redress. The Board
of Klection Commissioners, the Registrar and
more than 8000 city employees would be either
directly or indirectly dependent on the Mayor
for the positions they occupied; a power which
If placed in the hands of a designing or am
bitious Mayor, would enable him to defy pub
lic opinion, and to continue himself in office
indefinitely. He would be the autocrat of our
muncipality.
It would impose on our people the monarch
ical and Impractical scheme of government
known as civil service. A scheme intended to
perpetuate in position a horde o/ city employes,
a so-called reform, which would create an
office-holding: oligarchy. A reform which
would exempt from its operation all Mch
salaried and responsible employes, while rigor
ously enforced against those of small salaries
anil little or no responsibility.
It would deny to the employer of laborers
for the city the common sfnse privilege of
selecting them according to merit, but would
compel him to accept them in the order of
their application, thus providing a means of
favoritism whereby the "uncles, the cousins
and aunts" of those in authority would be pro
vided for at the puiilfr- to the exclu
sion of the more deserving laborer.
It would enlarge and perpetuate at public
expense a system of civil pensions whereby
tlit- high-salaried officers are carefully pro
vided for, while those in more humble posl
ti'irm are totally ignored.
!t would force upon the people the Populistic
hobby known as "the initiative and referen
dum." thereby keeping our citizens in a con
stant ferment over elections by petition. And
finally, instead of the promised retrenchment
and economy, we find that it would largely In
crease the burdens of the taxpayer.
Therefore, we believe it better to bear those
ills we have than fly to others we know not of.
MEMORIAL DAY.
Action Taken to Observe the Day of
the Soldier Dead.
The general committee for the observ
ance of Memorial day met last evening
with Commander C. J. Handley in the
chair. The latter was elected permanent
chairman, Comrades J. J. Lyon and J.
Karminsky, secretary and treasurer re
spectively. Sub-committees were elected
to consist of the following comrades:
Finance— Jacob Wollner. J. C. Bolles, J.
Karminsky, Harry Brown, R. R. Kill
gore; programme and printing — C. Mason
Kinne, J. H. Hilton, C. N. Harris, Sam
W. Carpenter, J. C. Innes; music and
parade— E. S. Salomon, T. C. Mastellar,
Peter Maas. J. EL Rlley, J. H. Banneld,
decorations — George H. Robinson, L. D.
Olin, Frank Elliott Myers, W. H. Wharff,
James Stuart. Q. Alberti; transporta
tion—A. E. Leavitt, John Massey, J. S.
French, William Hatch, George T. John-
son.
An invitation was extended to the Mex
ican War Veterans. Sons of Veterans and
the Woman's Relief Corps to participate
in decorating the soldiers' graves at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. It was decided to in
vite also the Mayor and the Boards of Su
pervisors and Education to take part in
the parade and to furnish carriages for
their use.
This year, in addition to placing flow
ers on the graves of deceased comrades
each grave will be marked by a miniature
flag of the Union.
Colonel M. Schlaudecker was unani
mously elected grand marshal of the
parade.
As yet no invitation has been received
from any church in which to hold the
usual memorial services on the Sunday
preceding Memorial day, and it is hoped
by the general committee that the secre
tary may be informed at an early o.ay
what may be the wishes of the San "Fran
cisco clergy In this matter.
CUSTOMS OFFICIALS RESIGN.
Three Men Holding' Good Berths
Have Left to Fight the Cruel
Spaniard.
Captain T. J. McCreagh. assistant
weigher in the Custom House; J. J. Mul
cahy. extra assistant weigmsr, and Lloyd
Rpencer, messenger for the Surveyor of
Custom!, have enrolled themselves as vol
unteers for the war with Spain, and
should they pass the medi-aj examination
they will tender their resignations as
Custom House employes. Their places
will be filled temporarily by promotions
and by appointments made from the civil
service eligible list. "When the three offi
cials named return from the war they will
be reinstated in their old positions.
Captain MeCreagh is captain of a com
pany in the First Regiment, N. G. C, and
win be commisioned as a captain of volun
teers. Mr. Mulcahy is a private in the
National Guard and hopes to rise to
shoulderstraps from the ranks of the
volunteers.
Messenger Spencer Is not a member of
the National Guard. He is a volunteer
from the word "go," and also has hopes.
Thrashed by His Broker.
W. 11. Staley, a tall, white-whiskered
miner.V swore to a complaint in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday for the arrest
of his broker, L. i Bowles, . 405 Montgomery
street, on a charge of * battery. s> Tuesday
b0 ;fiW*».f» l Jftg dfe i?-ttl ffowtoa about.
their transactions, and he alleges tnat
Bowles grabbed him by the whiskers
with one hand and struck him In the face
with the other, blackening his eyes.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A E Abbott, Salinas J Body &w, Sact©
J M Roberts, Cal J Boyd & f. Sacto
D A Lindley, Sacto T Dillon, Jackson
T Keogh, Salt Lake Mrs Prlny, Monterey
M Ag-new, Cal J H Thomas & w, Pa
J S Gattenann, NT M Wallace. Yosemite
G KUhns & w. Denver F Chlttenden, Fresno
A Egbert, R Vista J Ashman & s. Fresno
W Schaw, Sacto Mrs Edwards, Wis
T W Hill. Stockton Miss Edwards, Wis
J Patterson, Seattle E Mlddleton. Wataonvl
R B Blln, Cal S J Smith. Cal
J Green, Courtland T Hart & w, Mass
F D Colburn. Cal R Uning. Montana
W J Barrett, L Ang Mrs Holmes, I An*
M B Owens, Indian T Mis' Holmes, L Ang
L Lantzenhiser Denvr D Holmes, L Ang
J Minhinney, Nevada T Lasell, Monterey
E Sanborn, Oaha S Courtenway, S Crua
r Evans Jr, Riverside W Ballon, S L Obispo
W X Cady, Sonora |G Humey. Cal
M C O - Niel. Seattle H Tenney, S Jose
Mrs Robinson&d StknlCy Mulky, Nap*
W Kinds & w, Atlanta! Mrs Read, Bufralo
L Reverdy, Baltimore |E R Ray, Jamestown
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Phillips & f, Cal T N Sydney, S Jose
S M Norton, Petaluma C M Cartwrlght. Cal
W J Rlckerly, B Rosa J Comiskey, L Ang
C R Small, Vallejo jW S Markl*, Eureka
M J Ferguson. S Jose !<" Stehle, Albion
R M Davis. S Rosa |G Gull. S Diego
J Smith, Madera C M Barnes, Fresno
C Fredericks. Suisun :R Smith, R lo Vista
M Foley, Fresno J B Mathews, Sissons
H G Fronder, Cal IR Bailey, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F S Goodwin & w, N T |8 Turrell, N T
H Welch, Oakland W Walders. Fresno
Dr Williams. Oakland |T McCudden, vallejo
F G Hollingberg, Cal C Wllcox, Merced
H Halt. San Jose 3 Migltavacca, Napa
F Reynolds. San Jose Mrs W X Clark. Stock
C W Walters. N T
■ m «
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 4.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockneth; 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Christiansen, 3 days
from Coquille River.
Schr Coquille River, Pearson; 3hi days from
Coquille River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 4— Stmr Rrval. hno
April 26; stmr Lakme, hence April 29.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Fr&nclioo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, opea
until 12 o'clock every night ir the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open v 'II 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clook.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING, May 5, at 7:30 o'clock. tEJT
• Stated meeting and first degree. By / >
order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A: •
M.— Offlceres and members are re- _#\_
quested to attend the funeral of our TLJT
late brother, ELLIOTT J. MOORE, /V>
from the Masonic Temple, THURSDAY. May
5, a: 2 p. m. Master Masons, relatives and
friends cordially invited.
G. W. ROOT, Secretory.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— ■
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _^V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By crdei iSLIf
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M. /V>
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and ■
A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1539 Fillrnore JV_
Called meeting THIS (THURS- jCX
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V>
Degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and ■
A. M. — Officers and members are re- _^%_
spectfully requested to assemble at S^Jf
Masonic Temple THIS DAY (THURS- /▼>
DAY), at 2 p. m., for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late brother, JOHN
FEIX. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
IMPROVED O. R. M., Manzanlta «C^ > -
Tribe No. Members are requested nJ* l^^^
to assemble at Masonic Temple, J»Jfi^
Post St., THIS DAY at 2 o'clock p. m., to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
JOHN FEIX. J. J. BRESLIN, Sachem, j
C. L. RECKLESS. C. of R.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 108, K. of P., 5*T
2668 Mission St., bet. Twenty-second .. J%fc
and Twenty-third, will confer second 3S^&"
rank on FRIDAY, May 6, 7:30 p. m. #*»*£
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hy-
. draulic process from George C. Rose,
in the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to deposit tail-
ings behind the dam of the Gold Bug
mine in Canyon Creek: from A. B. Dries-
bach and J. F. Dudley, in the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in Shady
Creek; from 'William E. Moore ana John Is-
bister, in the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and
John Romano, in the Imperial mine near
Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tail-
ings In old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on j May 16,
1898. at 1:30 p. m. .
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the loth day of
May. 189 S. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY. April 29, at 3 o'clock p. m.
* ;■ E H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Plo-
nec-r Pry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BATHS for the aged; thermal, el-ictro-mag-
netic; invigorating; sure cure for all skin
diseases. 103.i Market; parlor 8.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or coutjtry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS L. DEAX has removed to 917 Market pt.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. . 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MIPS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. M6l£ Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15' i Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-U.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MME. HAXSEN. latest gßlvanlo battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st-
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
BOOMB papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 280$ Twenty-fourth.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 117 Fowell st.
SITLAT^NS WANTED— FE HALE.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse or second work. $10 to $15:
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire sit-
uations at housework and second work; $20
to $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT colored cook desires situation;
best of references: willing to do housework
or as nurse; $15 to $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook; strong and
willing: 2 years last place; city or country.
Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and Ger-
man Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter st.
A NO. 1 second girl, best of references, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
COMPETENT reliable woman wishes to do
washing, ironing, cooking or housecleaning
by day; best references. MRP. M. CURTIS.
3367 Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
YOUNG Eastern lady of character and educa-
tion would supervise refined home; give chil-
dren mother's care; year abroad; would
travel: highest references. 3153, Call office.
WIDOW desires washing or housecleaning at
75c a day, or by month; cooking and the care
of children: neat and reliable; wages from $8
to $10 month. T. F., box 3. Call of flee.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a situ-
ation to do housework or second work; Is
willing and obliging; no triflers need apply.
Box 10.001. Call office.
WANTED— Position by Spanish girl to do light
housework or will do general housework; no
washing or ironing. Call at 1103 Powell Bt.,
corner Washington.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation at
housework; Is good cook and will do smail
washing; wages $15. A. A., box 4. Call office.
POSITION wanted by refined, intelligent lady
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WOULD llkT^^p^sTtiwiraTTiousekeepeT; am a
woman of intelligence and refinement; prac-
tical in every way; would go out of city.
Box 149 L Call office.
REFINED woman wants a position as house-
keeper; Is capable, reliable, neat; answer
with particulars; no cards. Address 3152,
Call office.
GOOD woman desires work immediately; is a
good worker; can do almost anything: Is
first-class; has references; goes by the day.
$1 and carfare. 60 Third st., room 14.
WANTED— A situation to do housework; no
children; wages moderate; references given.
Inquire 909H Mission st.
GERMAN girl with best references, wishes to
do housework in American family of adults,
$25. 2345 Broadway.
WANTED— By young Danish girl with good
address, a position to do light upstairs work.
H. MILLER. 319 Powell St., after 12. |
RELIABLE woman would like washing and
ironing at home. MRS. ALICE SCHOOLEY.
137 Julian aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes work by the day;
plain washing and housecleaning. 1941 Mis-
sion st.
GERMAN girl wishes work in country to cook
or general housework on ranch. Box 3254,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper; city or country. 348
Third st.
LADY wishes few engagements in families; old
dresses made over like new; all kinds of sew-
ing very reasonable. Box S. C. 04.
FRENCH housekeeper; good cook: for small
family; take full care of a widower's family.
Address 427 Golden Gate aye.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation In small
family; wages no object; good cook. Address
1210 Folsom st.
AN elderly lady wishes a situation in private
family; a good home more an objeot than
wages. 636 Third St., room 28.
GIRL wishes situation as nurse for 1 or I
children; $15; sleep home. 3327 Sacramento.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
to do general housework; city or country.
Call at 759 Mission st. for two days.
EXPERIENCED girl desires a situation to
take care of children and do plain sewing.
Call or address 272^ Clementina st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit In one day. Call 469 Hayes st.
SITUATION to do general housework; good,
plain cook; can assist with children. Ad-
dress 819 Twenty-second st., Oakland.
WANTED— Position by a good, experienced
girl to do housework and cooking; wages
from $20 to $25. 647 Bay St., nr. Leavenworth.
WOMAN to go out washing or cleaning by the i
day. 1648 Mission St.
MOTHER and daughter wish situations to do
cooking and second work in boarding house;
wages $35. Call 610 Ivy aye.
LADY of superior education, graduate of Leip-
zig Conservatory, good pianist, reader and
accompanist, will give her services in re-
turn for home in refined family; excellent
references. Address box 1474, Call office.
RF:FINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated; Is agreeable and
companionable; knows how to make Invalid
comfortable. Address box 1467, Call office.
REFINED German woman wants situation to
do second work In an American family; un-
derstands sewing and ironing; salary $20.
8235 H Sixteenth St., near Guerrero.
YOUNG Protestant woman with a boy (school
age) wants good home; good plain cook; ref-
erences; wages $1 50 per week. Address L.
P.. box 1452. Call.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes position
to do general housework; plain cooking; In
6mall family; $18 to $20 wages. 17 Minna St.,
upstairs.
SITUATION wanted by German lady to take
care of sick or Invalid lady; wages small.
1231 Market St., room 27, second noor.
EXPERIENCED waitress wishes work In plain
country hotel. Please address box 1455, Call.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework. Call 492 Eighth St.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wants
work by the day; 75c and carfare. 502
Stevenson St., near Sixth.
SITUATION wanted by a very superior Ger-
man general house servant; an excellent cook
and laundress: references. 1239 Market st.
SITUATIONS wanted by an experienced lady
canvasser; valuable city connections. 1239
Market st.
REFINED, educated, musical young lady de-
sires position in refined home as nursery
governess or as companion to invalid or el-
derly lady; a good reader: $15 a month. Ad-
dress C. F., Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady Is desirous of forming a class !n
music and embroidering; pupils taken for
$2 50 per month, including 1 lesson a week In
tmbroiderlng and plnno; excellent references.
Address A. G., Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as nurse and companion to
an Invalid during the day; wages $25 per
month. Apply to 135 San Jose aye.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call or address 8198 Howard st.
DANISH girl wants housework; Just over;
speaks no English. Room 37. Sherman House,
Eighth St., between Market and Mission.
ELDERLY woman wants situation; plain cook-
ing and washing; no postals; wages $10. 920
Jackson st.
GOOD cook and general housekeeper wishes po-
sition. Apply 109 Grant aye., room 1.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper position; no objection to country. Call
or address 203 Third St.. room 22.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 322 Third st.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employnr.cnt office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; chotca
help: tel. Grant 5" Geo. Aoki. 30 Gear- st.
BUSINESS man with experience In country
banking, mortfftiK'e loans, real estate and in-
surance; good accountant; would like an en-
gagement ; either office or outnide work: city
or country; New York. Colorado and Califor-
nia references. Box 3155, Call.
WANTED by middle-aged German, work In
private family or hotel; can do all kinds of
work; care for garden, horses, cows, chick-
ens; good driver; willing and obliging; coun-
try-; $20 to ?20. Address box 5655. Call.
ENGLISH-AMERICAN wants work of any
kind: is handy all-around man of 33 years, or
as night watchman; can do private detective
work; reasonable wages: Al references. Ad-
dress box 3154, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable man who un-
derstands wholesale grocery and provision
business, also bookkeeping, etc. : speaks Eng-
lish and German; has good references. Ad-
dress box 1483. Call Office.
WANTED by a steady reliable man, situation
at any kind of employment Indoor or out;
city or country: wages no object. Address
F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third St., S. F.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and Btenograp'.ier.
wishes position outside San Francisco; North-
ern California preferred; best references. Ad-
dress L. H. S., box 1705; Call Office.
$100— Al bookkeeper will give above amount to
party securing him permanent position; best
references; no investments. Address box
8224. Call Office.
YOUNG man. age 24, wishes situation to drive
delivery wagon of any kind: thoroughly ac-
quainted with city: 3 years in last place.
S., box 26, Call office.
AN OLD experienced confectioner, cake baker
and pastry cook w-ints situation: terms rea-
sonable. Address Confectioner, 1616 Stocktcn.
JAPANESE honest young boy wishes to work
in family as a schoolboy; speaks English very
well. Box 2160. Call.
EXPERT accountant desires position; very-
best references; moderate salary. Address
box 3369, Call Office.
STRONG young man, German, wants situa-
tion; is willing to work for small wages.
EMIL BRUNN, 904 Kcarny st.
GARDENER— A first-class garrfpner with good
references wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, box P. P. 8. Call Office.
POSITION of trust of any kind; can give best
of references from men of high standing in
mining and army circles. Box 97SS, Call.
YOUNG Scotchman of good habits with best
of references desires position of any kind,
or with private family. Box 8787, Call office.
BAKER and pastry cook wishes position; ref-
erences if required. Address 8., box 2, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG man (24) wants to work as an ap-
prentice in a first-class bciler-shop; has
worked as helper two years; can give refer-
ence from last employer. Address G. E., box
14, Call Office.
MUST have work ; young man, well acquaint- i
• fed with city, wishes position; references fur-
nished- willing •to work. Address box - 1620,
;.. Call Office. '
SITUATION as ', stationary ; engineer, ' fireman, ■
oiler or wiper; 'of 9 years' experience; best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK, 1110 Denison St..
■ East Oakland. -;: i r . » . --."t ■■"-■.-.".;■■•■
$50 to any one securing me a permanent office
t position; 12 years" experience as cashier and
bookkeeper; references. - Box, 1468, Call. ;;:■:.
CHINESE : boy, first-class ; family ■ cook, wants
- situation; city 'or > country ; • good j references.
Hv9 1*69. CaU Oifloa- ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Coatlnned.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
1456, Call office.
BARKEEPER, good lunch cook wants posi-
tion at once Address GUSTAV kRAMPfi RT.
816 Sansome st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes any kind of
steady work; moderate wages. Box 1459, Call.
SITUATION wanted by reliable man who
understands packing, shipping, bookkeeping
and selline. and who speaks different lan-
guages; has good references. Address box 1453,
Call office. _
STEADY young German wishes position on
gentleman's place: good horseman: can milk;
good references. Box 1484. Call office.
GERMAN mechanic, very handy with any kind
of tools, wants any situation on moderate
wages. Box 14S0. Call office.
EXPERT horseman and careful driver, dis-
charged from the horse artillery, wishes a
position as driver or to take care of horses;
private place preferred; has references. F.
W., cor. Lombard and Baker sts.
BUSINESS man wants position, city or coun-
try; thoroughly experienced teas, coffees and
general merchandise; will deposit $50 if nec-
essary: best references. Address H. PAJt-
IPH, 334 Bush st.. city.
COACHMAN or stableman, thoroughly under-
stands his business: good driver; references.
A. M.. box 14P3. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment as a book-
keeper, cashier or collector: has experience
as bookkeeper, with the best of references.
Address box 1496. Call office.
STRONG young man, 19, understands use of
tools, wishes employment In machine shop.
Box 1515. Call office.
GARDENER, single man. wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1670, Call office.
SITUATION as gardener, city or country, by
Bteady man; can milk, drive; reference. Ad-
dress G. M., box 1511, Call offloe.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man 7
years' experience as cook, wife will do gen-
eral housework and sewing; good references.
Box 1514. Call office.
RELIABLE man (German) wishes situation as
porter In wine cellar or teamster. 166 V. Clara.
YOUNG man wants a good position as porter
or to do first-class general housework and
help In the kitchen; wages about $15 per
month. Box 1552. Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as gardener;
can milk; pruning and grafting a specialty.
J. J., 1528 Walnut St., Berkeley.
WANTED — Position as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred; best of references.
Box 1540, Call office.
ELDERLY man. once rich; poor through hon-
esty, wants trusted position: references and
bonds. Address box 1633, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an up to date chef
cook- city or country. Address J. C. FRANK-
ENBERG, 143 Third St.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 BO night; »1 60 to $8
week; convenient respectable: free 'buj
and taggage to and from fer-y •
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
STRONG, middle-aged woman as ranch cook,
Santa Clara County, $25; waitress, country
hotel, $15; cooks and housework girls. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
RESTAURANT cook. $10 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN conk. $30; 2 second girls, $25 and
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl. $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, restaurant, $5 per week;
cashier, $6 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
gutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE, $20; second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
32i Sutter St.
REFINED nurse, care of child 4 years, $10.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child over 2 years, country,
$10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter St.
MANGLER for hotel laundry $20 and found,
call early: 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20:
cook, summer resort, $3.'; 2 waitresses, $25: 5
waitresses, $5; 2 waitresses, small places, $15
and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian or German
woman for housework, no cooking, good
home, permanent position, in the country, $20;
a young girl or elderly woman to assist lady
in housework and care of 2 children. $8, fee
paid by lady; girl. Alameda, see party here;
10 housegirls. $20 to $25; 20 housegirls, $15 to
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
SECOND girl, $20: 2 second girls, $15 each.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; housegirl. $25. San Rafael: house-
girl, Oakland, $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, small milk ranch, $15;
woman to assist, boarding-house, no cook-
ing. $13; housegirl. $12, no cooking; young
girl to assist, $10: nursegirl, 1 child 4 years
old, S8; I' l houpeciris, $25 and $29; waitress,
$20, see lady here. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
LAUNDRESS, private family. $25; Protestant
cook, $30; German or Scandinavian second
girl, $20; German nurse and seamstress, $20;
restaurant cook, $8! wpek; 2 kitchen helpers,
$lf>; 6 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20
and $5 and $6 week, and a large number of
girls to fill situations too numerous to adver-
tise. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladies; strictly confidential in its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses, all com-
mercial positions; investigate; ladies looking
for select positions should call. 313 Bush st.
FOR fumnier resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 5 waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30: seamstress: pantry
girls; kitchen keeper: chambermaids; 20
housegirls. 1239 Market at.
STENOGRAPHER; 3 milliners: dressmaker;
glove saleslady; 20 shopgirls. 1239 Market st.
2<T GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, German Em-
ployment Office, 417 Powell st.
WANTED — A good German or Swedish girl
for general housework; large wash given out;
wages $15 per month; 4 in family; references
required. Address E. F., lock box 65, Va-
caville, Cal.
WOMAN to do plain cooking, general house-
work. 2 in family. *13, Sausaltto. Call at 1118
Suffer st., between 10 and 12, Thursday morn-
ing.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; Belvedere. Call 16 Front St., Thursday,
between 2 and 3.
GIRL to assist light housework: take care of
child; good home; small wages. Box 9669,
Call office.
GIRL for general housework, no washing or
window cleaning: wages $15. 421 Ashbury st.
TOT *NG woman to sew for a few hours
mornings. Room 605, Palace Hotel.
WANTED— Woman to mind 2 young children;
references; $15. 1817 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $15. 744
Hayes st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking. 1615 A Clay st. ; call 9 to 4.
GERMAN girl for second work and waiting.
Call forenoon. 2511 Pacific aye.
WANTED— Good finishers on coats at 660
Fourth st.
WANTED— Good! finishers on pants at 5«0
Fourth st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 873
Natoma St.. near Fifth.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. 1828 Hyde
St., between Vallejo and Green.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom pants. 410
Kearny St., room 20.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $15.
1614 O'Farrell st., from 9 to 12 a. m.
NEAT girl for housework at 1542 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker for factory. Ap-
ply 840 Market st.
LAUNDRESS of experience wanted two days
in week. Apply 3232 Jackson st.
APPRENTICE girl on custom coats. 1044 How-
ard st.
GOOD pants finishers wanted. 878 Natoma gt.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 844 Halght st.
FINISHER on coats, also apprentice; young
girl only; steady work. 516 Geary st.
RESPECTABLE person take care of little «rirl
3 years and assist houspwork. Box 3176. Call.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. 2730
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework and
companion: fair pay and good home for right
party. Call after 12. 116 Taylor gt.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Call forenoon, 1628 Sutter st.
DR. WISE, the ladies 1 specialist. 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; poalUoM
I tree; pattern. 16c. McDOWEWS. 101 Port, ,
HELP WANTED—
A.— Dry goods clerk for a country stor«; B
boss here early this morning. MURRAY £
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 534
and G36 Clay st.
A.— Vegetable gardener, see boss here- jj
woodchoppera: 20 tiemakers. MURRAt &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
A —55 railroad teamsters and laborers; : ' la-
borers, city Jobs; 3 milkers; 4 choremen ■
ranches: 3 choreboys for ranches; farmer a.n<S
wife with or without children; 3 1 sand team-
sters, city; 10 farm hands. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 834,
and 636 Clay st. __
— WANTED TO-DAY. .
6 cooks - " '" * waiters
3 dishwashers - ■ ~ * — 3 Deer boners
3 waiter boys. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 03b Clay st.
A.— Grocery clerk; see boss here early this morn-
Ing- for a country store. MLRK St
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and €36 Clay st.
ROOM clerk. $75; bookkeeper. $75, for a first-
class summer hotel, only hotel people nee 1
apply; manager for a summer resort, with
California experience; head laundryman,
country hotel, $65; pastry cook (German),
country hotel, $70 and found; first and second
cook and dishwasher for a country hotel. $120;
cook. $9 and $8 a week; foreman for a hay
ranch. $30 and found; all-round blacksmith,
country shop, $2 50 a day; 10 more teamsters;
2 horse scrapers, $1 75; 8 more railroad labor-
ers to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ■
WANTED — 3 young men to wait on table an!
assist waiting; country places; $30 and found.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED — Waiter, short-order house, $38j
waiter, French restaurant, $40; omnibus, $20j
chef oook, $80; cook, $30: dishwasher, $20:
farmer by the year., etc. ANDRE'S. &l 4
Stockton st.
WANTED — 4 woodchopppers for mine, $1 G§
cord, tools advanced; can washer, $20 and
found, small place; 5 farmers and milkers,
$20; carpenter tor mine. $2 50 a day. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st»
WANTED — Cook, country hotel, nice place. MQ_
cook. $35; German waiter. $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, position of trust, $80; char»«
of light profitable business. 313 Bush st,
TRAVELING cutlery salesman, Pacific Coaai
trade; grocery traveler, $100. 313 Bush st.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young bus*,
ness man as partner. 313 Bush st.
GENERAL store clerk, dress goods and domea-
tic salesman, office assistant. 313 Bush st.
OFFICE assistant; man and wife, country ho*
tel. experienced. 1239 Market st.
JANITOR, new building, nearly ready; first*
class references as to responsibility and _o-
briety required. 313 Bush St.
WATCHMAN, department store: security re-
quired; reforences exchanged. 313 Bush st,
CARPENTER fr>r hotel; storeroom clerk; gro-
cery clerk; hotel bartender. Call 313 Bush at.
RESTAURANT cook, $10 per week. MIS 3
CUIJ-EN, 325 Sutter St.
RELIABLE German for wholesale and retail
linuor store; must have good references;
wages $12 ;>er week. Address R. D., box
1420. Call Office.
BUSH ELM AN and coat-makPrs for countTT*
REISS BROS & CO., 24 Sutter St.
FEW good pick and shovel men. Quarry. Got-
bett road, near Eighteenth st.
BOY who Is experienced to milk cows and de-
liver milk. H. J.. box 10, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladies' and chll*
dren's wear. Apply S4O Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks, a.
F. Barber College 188 M Eighth _st.
WANTED— A carriage painter. Apply 16-U
Drumm st., Immediately.
WANTED— 2 men; must be able stand hard
work. 10S9 Howard st.
GOOD tailor on bushel ing. 525 Paciflo et.
WANTED— A crvru presser Apply at once, 104
Kearny St., Golritn Kagte.
PRKBSER or bushelman to-day. 142 Eddy St.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted at Model Res-
taurant. m 2*4 Polk st. ; call early.
BOY wanted on fine coats; must have expe-
rience. 26 Montgomery st., room 1.
WANTED— A good, speedy presser on coata,
5(50 Fourth St.
BOY to assist in baking. Call bt-tween 4 and
6 p. m., 1504 Turk st.
WAITER wanted. 122 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA.
COAL CO., room 515, 32S Montgomery, S. F.
WANTED— First-class silver-plater with outfit.
Address, stating terms, to G. S. M., 21S Mc-
Allister st.
PANTSMAKER wanted. 230 Bush *t.
WANTED— A handy man to lay carpets by the
month. 716 Howard st.
COMPETENT bushelman; steady work forth*
right man at 106 Battery st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; I
nights 25c. or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade In 4 to I
weeks. 1542 Market St.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs. 2 bajhs. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
— Laborers and mechanics to knot*
that Ed Rolkin, Heno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 -Third st. ; 150 lax(«
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week. .\ > I
RECRUITS wanted for" the United Stater
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied unmarried men, between the. ages of
21 and SO years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally da-
clared their Intention to become- such; must
be of good character and habits and able tea.
speak, read and write English, end bo be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height. Fog
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
LADIES' shoes, soling, 35c; men's shoes, sol-
ing, 50c; all repairing dona at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. South 628.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third si~ nea*
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading rooms
free "bus and baggage to and from tha ferry« '
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office, S. I
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 134»
4000 PAIR; another lot men's shoes: beeni
slightly damaged; at less than one- fourth
their value: from 75c to $2 50. 562 Mission^
WANTED— Montana House. 764H Mission •
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 pec
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 250 to ft
night; $1 to 14 week; hot and cold baths. ■ .
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and H
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard »ta. :
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers an«
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Suttar.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth* '
for a room; 35c a night: $1 a week.
800 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoei
half price: half-soling. 35c. 309 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best in America-Tha WesM*,
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postal j
free.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted in every town for LadW
Crown Hat Fastener: something new; no
competition; cample 25c. The (Town Mfg.
Co.. The Hewes building, 997 Market St.. S. F.
LADIES to sell my beautiners: good pay. MRS.
BUTTER, 806 Market St.. room 324.
WANTED— Second-hand set engineer's tool*
and chest: cheap. Address B. R., box 1518.
Call office.
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay— Open until »:M
o'clock: branch office of The Call; uubacrip-
tlong and want ads taken.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prints paid, Tel 'avis 71.
HOUSES WASTED.
FURNISHED house of 6 or more rooms wanted
by a small family: references; bonds; lnter-
vlew. 403 Examiner building.
ROOMS WANTED.
vioUNG~inan wants room mate; one who plays
cornet preferred. Addr.-ps 2B O'Farrell st.
2 ROOMS. SUDBT, for housekoppingr. by man
and wife: prirr moderate. Box l-jsl, I'all.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— An Invalid's rolling chair. 612}$
Capp st. _^
GOOD lot In Oakland to exchange for a law
library and office #w«iiture. Address box U»
Call office. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHER with camera for transient
work. Studio, box 1490. Call office.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
127 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:34
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Sub»cri»>
, tlons and want ads taken.m DOCS* CHANCES.
$350— SALOON; 11 living^roomST~near"OaJcland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance; must
be teen to be appreciated. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$500— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
. St., in the heart of the city; well established
_ paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
. . cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
765 Market Ft.
• A— POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
Btore in finest market: north of Market st. ;
clearing $100 per month; trial. M. LESS,
733 Market st. .
A — — CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
■ owner there 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be increased. WILKE, 753
Market st.
A— SI4OO— BEST paying day saloon In this city;
' average dally receipts $20: rent (60; lease.
. Particulars, WILKE, 753 Market st.
$750— RESTAURANT and chop house on
Kearny St., 2 blocks from Chronicle; a money-
king place i kept by owner years; no 10-
cent meals: best customers; best prices; a
genuine bargain. WILKE, 783 Market St.
$2200— RARE chance for investment; first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up: clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE. 753 Market st. - " ' .:
' ADJUSTABLE window shade holder— now
fully prepared to sell State rights on the
most reasonable terms; this has.no opposi-
tion; sells at sight; highly appreciated and
recommended by the leading people of the
United States and Canada; write at once
and get your choice of States. WILKE, 783
Market st. -~r- ■"■.= :.
COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
• hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000;
n<J opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny Bt.
12500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary at.
— CORNER saloon and cigar stand sold at
a bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
CIGAR stand; bargain; this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Keamy st.
$250— CORNER saloon, near factories. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$1750— LIVERY stable; stock worth the price
asked; accident to proprietor cause of sale.
McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar; good-paying busi-
ness; selling on account of sickness of owner;
rare chance. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22^
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$500 — Stationery! books. Call and laundry office
$700 — Photograph gallery; oldest on Coast.
$S00 — Delicacy; fine corner with living rooms.
Home bakers': 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $ir . KREDO & CO.. 22*£ Geary.
EXTRAORDINARY bargains in lodging-
houses, saloons, groceries, bakeries, candy,
notion and stationery stores. Pacific Ex-
change, 9.15 Market St.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 Partner wanted; commission business.
$300 Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$800— SALOON with private rooms, a few doors
north of Market St.; old established: elegant
fixtures and large stock; bears investigation;
Blckn*-ss cause of sale. Apply at once, 765
Market St.
|100— SALOON and restaurant In first-class
lodging-house, centrally located, to sell imme-
diately on account of sudden severe sickness;
sacrifice. Call .',47 Mission St.
DINING-ROOM for sale; good transient trade:
steady boarders; rent taken in board; good
chance for a cook. 227 Geary st.
GOOD cigar stand to let; also a fine chance
for a rood lunch cook. Inquire DICK
BRUEGGEMANN'S saloon, 33 Third st.
WANTED — A man with $150; a good position
and halt" interest In a business that pays $150
per month. Box 1507, Call Office.
OLD stand barber-shop, cigar-stand, laundry
office with 2 living-rooms; rent $12; for sala.
•606 Third St., near depot.
FOR — Restaurant en street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market st., basement.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
. opportunity. Box 1535, Call office.
$600— ALL night restaurant, fine location, for
sale. Box 7979, Call Office.
SALOON for sale. Golden Gate aye. and Web-
Her st.
PA UTS with $300 wanted in well-looated
restaurant. li. ix 7777, Call Office. •
FOR SALE — Restaurant and chophouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. IS East St.
GROCERY and bar; living rooms; must be
sold to-day; cneap. 551 Howard st. .
BARBERS — Two-chair shop for sale in coun-
try; account of death; $125. 325 Grant aye.
FOR sale — First-class restaurant, saloon and
family resort on Market St.; cheap rent; will
be sold at c low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJE'S, wholesale
liquor dealers, 015 Market st.
MEXICO. —
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, eugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
RARE chance for investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month; came owners for 8 years; posi-
tively no opposition near; place located on
Junction of best two streets; cheap rent; rea-
son for selling, owners leaving for Europe.
M. L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 — GENERAL merchandise business in
country town 30 miles from S. F. ; stock will
invoice amount asked; trade will average $33
per day; will sell half-interest If, preferred.
BURKE & CO.. 917 Market st.
$10, $50, $100 CAN be invested where it will
. yield as large a profit as Is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "How
Money Grows." RIGGS & CO.. Bourse.
Philadelphia. Pa.
A— SI2S GOOD corner stand express business;
north of Market St.; 2 horses and wagon;
■ worth double; great bargain. M. LESS, 765
■ Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
•S3OO— CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
: grocery stock alone worth more than price;
; doing god business. Inquire room 614, Claus
Spreckels building.
CHANCE to buy an oyster and chop house;
fine bar trade; established n years, Apply
.southeast corner Twenty-fourth and Fol3om.
Al BUTCHER shop for sale; very cheap; other
business to attend to. Call at once and in-
vestigate. Box 1476, Call . office.
$800— GROCERY and bar; horse and wagon;
outside route; sales $1G per day; . 4 living
rooms. Inquire at 323 Market st.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose. .
HORSERADISH and pickle stand in well-
known market; retiring from business; great
bargain. Address L. 11., box 1461, Call Office.
PARTNER wanted— Good-paying restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
Box 1453, Call. .
FOR Home bakery; good paying business;
established years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
$150 — Restaurant for sale; owner must go East.
Klondike Restaurant, 238 Fourth st.
BRANCH bakery for sale. 8358 Howard st.
RARE Chance— Brewery near San Francisco for
sale or to let cheap, with all brewing utensils.
Apply at Call office.
FOR sale— A small business; doing well; email
capital; no experience required. 519 Eighth
st., Oakland.
PAYING grocery and bar; owner .going to
Klondike; good corner: cheap. Box 1478, Call.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
WANTED— To buy a barber shop; state price,
etc. Address box 1475, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; paying; trial granted.
Information at 9 Hayes st. ■
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1538, Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; no nignt work. 506
/Clay st. .
TO Restaurant or chonhouse; partly
furnished; rent reasonable. Inquire 18 Mason.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st. «■
$85— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc. ; must
be sold this week. Apply 2882 Sixteenth st.
GOOD paying grocery business; living rooms in
rear: bargain. Apply Call office.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established IMS. ' 319 Pine st.. city.
C<--*~FEE and : tea' -routes supplied " from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' B. 415 Sacramento £-.
FUIiXITUItE sVOB SALE.
FOR Handsome folding bed; reasonable.
618 Hayes st. •■ — ■ . y
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar-
gain. Address box; !513, Call office.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters soil and l sated ; ' few partly ?
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
j-nees. ALEXANDER & CO., V.O Montgomery
LODGING. HOISTS FOR SALE.
A-KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22%
I Geary st.
110 rooms; safe Investment; clears $250 $4500
40 rooms ;■ sunny corner: transient........ 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant of flees 2600
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain 1550
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800
6 room fiat; Ellis St.: free rent... 230
Hundreds of others at your own price. .
24 ROOMS on Howard; new..... $ 650
14 rooms on Eddy St.; new 250
28 room house; worth $1500; price 475
46 rooms; sunny corner 1500
14 rooms; corner house; new and good 400
H. C. DECKER & CO.. 1020 Market st.
$450— GREAT snap; 28-room house; central; all
rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, B~i2\b Mar-
ket st.
NO reasonable cash offer refused for 16-room
house, full steady roomers. 136 Sixth st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
g-ood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St. Michael: leave May 1. Ap-
ply The Gold Star Co., Mills building. S. F.
A 'WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly
Call,' in wrapper, for mailing:.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~~
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights up< same easy
payments and some pood planes for $3, $4 and
iss per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.nd lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'
26. 2? and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terma easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AN up to date concert, day and night, all
week, at Twenty-fourth and Mission. East
Oakland. Lorin, and at Hockett Bros.' Co..
"Crown" agents, 230 Post St.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$90; examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
$76— splendid piano; good tone; $5 down; $3
per month. 225 Sun or st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
NEW fine $«00 upright, slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12, Flood building.
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNG'S New Store, 216 McAllister st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A FINE Chase Bros, and a Steinway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
st., flat -No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. IB McAllister
»t., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
• Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7f° Market st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; :ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old end new. H.
Ml" I. LEU, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want adg and subscriptions taken.
lie USES.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
40 HORE^S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS,
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST.,
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country-
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim.
Best Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams, Landaus, Carts
and Buggies, Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new and second-hand carriages-
Coupe, $50; surrey, $85; village cart, $40: sulky
cart. 135: top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
'milk and' two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash.
Bull's Head Repository. 15th and Valencia sts.
SECOND-HAND wagons of all kinds for sale;
cheap.- 1013 Harrison st. . -
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opes
- buggy; also! hack. - 823 Harrison st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
* States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A WELL trained goat, cart and harness cheap.
113 Eleventh aye., Richmond District.
TWO bull-terrier- pups; dogs prize pedigree;
$25 each. H. P., 2501 Mission st.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; 25-ton. 11.
BRAND, 631 Ellis St.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
fo: # sale cheap. 25518 Market st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building, material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNBRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back . bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
.FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 13G0 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
HCHMJDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
■ ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 523 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per dor.;
_ Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.-
SEWIXO MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
•IS LARKIN— office of the Call. Sub-
»rrU»tlr,ns and want nds tHken.
DENTISTS.
_^_
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. nr. llth;
no charge for ; extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved '. bridge work or teeth
without ; plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; filllags, 25c up; all ; work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
. Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. ; - -f; :
OHIO Dental Parlors, Sl9 Market. Academy of
Sciences bldg., Eth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TE AGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUe"
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rma. 603-607.'
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, * 1320 Market St. . '■
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
: YOUNG, IS4I Polk st. -,:.}. ■'.-: -■'
615 LARKIN Branch office :of The > Call.
: Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE : free - on ? all ':■. legal matters. ' T. i F. :
STACK. 14 McAllister Bt. v ■ ; :;».';
ADVICE free; no -charge : unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. D 27 Market st  - vj
' ~. FUYSICIANS. •■'/r. <-::-■■[
■ DR-~cT7 : r~O'l>b-.NELIj. ottce and residence, ";
■ * 1200 Market; diseases of women m ' specialty.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. '■ '
I ALL OVER TOWN — — — ■ ■ ■ _J_ ■ '—
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ft
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. v
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
| MARCUSE & REMMEL. ; ; 628 Market St.
| FIFTH. 441, near Bryant— Nice sunny dwelling,
7 large rooms; -large yard; '$20. '
JONES, House of 4 rooms; sun back and
front. Near . Broadway. ;. - :
j $25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards, for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOLSES TO LET.
i AT Sutter, 717, near — Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
j ASHBT'RT, Sunny, nicely furnished house,
8 rooms; bath; piano.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; 1111 Scott St.; rent reduced; can be
seen from 10 to 12: furniture for sale.' Box
1579, Call. ■■
FURNISHED modern house, " 9 rooms, near
park; rent $60. Box 1632. Call office. .-.
NICELY furnished house 9 rooms and bath;
all modern conveniences; large sunny yard:
cheap to good tenant; references required. 717
Grove st. .
TAYLOR, Completely furnished sunny-
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. :
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages of 4 ~nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th st., near Dolores.
$10— SIX rooms, bath; barn, chicken houses.
Corner Hamilton and Stilman sts., 2 blocks
from San Bruno aye. cars.
FLATS TO LET.
A — want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
BUSH, 12U%— Flat of 3 rooms; gas; rent $13;
filter free. Apply 1211 Bush st.
DORE, Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
sale or to rent; rent $S. Bet. Bryant and
Bran nan.
ELEGANT new fiats, nearly ready; fine loca-
tion; light and sunny; beautiful view.
Buchanan st., bet. Oak and Page.
FLAT, sunny 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms, $10. Key 623 2d St., near Townsend.
GEARY, 2263— flats, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
$15 and }IS.
HOWARD. 539 — Sunny flat of 6 rooms; rent re-
duced; $14.
MOSS, 305— Large rooms; bath; key at grocery,
Howard and Moss sts., near Seventh. -
NATOMA, 714— of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun all day; $10.
I NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
■ NINETEENTH, 3984, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
1 lower modern 4- room flat; $14; water free.
POND. 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room fiat;
$15; water free.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
THIRTEENTH. 531— Sunny flat; rent cheap;
J 6 rooms; bath; car Market; apply premises.
— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna St., bet. 11th and 12th.
j — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde at.
A. WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing-.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
j AT 52 Second st., nice clean light housekeeping,
single and double rooms, $1 week up.
AT 622 Polk— Sunny suite; unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
BURCH aye., 615, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts. — 2 rooms and kitchen, $6 month.
EDDY, 305— Large front room for housekeeping;
reasonable; private family.
| EDDY, 917 — Very pleasant, nicely furnished
I housekpg rooms: gas range; splendid location.
I ELEVENTH. Furnished housekeeping
and single rooms; rent cheap. " _
FIFTH. 149%— sunny front rooms and
kitchens furnished for housekeeping; $10.
FIFTH, 314 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; closet, running water; bath; private;
. $11. ■.-.'•-, . . .. - >
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished . for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 428%— Front room and ' kitchen newly
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FILLMORE. 2212, ! near * Clay— 3 sunny " unfur-
I -■ nished rooms to small family; $10.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single rooms; cheap.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 111 — 2 nice front rooms; complete for
housekeeping; also front single rooms. ■
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Neßs — Must be
seen to be appreciated: those unfurnished 3-
| room suites, with gas stove.
GROVE, Furnished front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 622— Three sunny bay-window
rooms; complete for housekpg; parlor floor.
HAMPTON place, 3, off Folnom— sunny bay-
window rooms; basement; yard.
HOWARD. 530— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 8198 (The Hanover)— Sunny house-
keeping suites; from IS to $10 per month.
HOWARD, 732— Two large rooms furnished.
' housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $1 per week.
HYDE, 511 — Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
■ room, with gas stove; also single room.
MINNA, 349% — A front double or single room,
with use of kitchen if desired.
MINNA, Front parlor and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; first floor.
MISSION, Completely furnlahed, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
MISSION, -Sunny connecting front ' suite,
- 2 or 3 rooms, complete housekpg; gas; water.
PINE, 706%-— very large fine sunny rooms;
gas;, bath; private; $15; fine view.
SIXTH. 124— Rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; bay-window suites: single; reasonable.
SIXTH, 132— Sunny suite; nice furniture; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SUTTER, 2620— Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry: use of bath; yard.
THIRD, Furnished rooms • complete for
I housekeeping, from $7 to $10 a suite; single $5.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728—3 sunny bay-window
:• rooms for housekeeping. ■_:..-: :
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $T.
VAN NESS, 518—2 sunny rooms complete for
• housekeeping, $14. *
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 8
• rooms and kitchen; gas range; piano.
WILLOW aye., 30, off Larkln, nr. Eddy— l or 2
sunny furnished : front housekeeping rooms;
coal or gas stove; bath; reasonable. . ■-
OAKLAND ! HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
HARRISON, . 860—3 •: well ".' furnished . : sunny
housekeeping rooms. - ground floor, with ) yard.
TO Let— 3 ; furnished rooms ■ for • housekeeping;
nice neighborhood. Apply 1420 Castro st. r?
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.,' 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 : Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, " en ' suite and single; flrat-claaj
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
i quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable. -
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter, 715-717-719— and
.. unfurnished ; choice and sunny; reasonable.
BUSH, 826— Large sunny front room furnished;
also , small rooms. '..--,■-
— .•-.. . :,,,■■,-, -:. --;.• i ~ : "
CALIFORNIA. 2407, In the coal yard— s fur-
nished rooms and 3 unfurnished. ■ : ■ .-
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished ;' single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single ; room \ tot; gen-
. tleman; $5 50. .'; -■: . :--. ■:,-■". ;. :• ; .•-;•■- ■■■-.-. ■ :
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
f.Qc to $1: week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, , 604 — Single or en ! suite ; : sunny; bay-win-
. • do w ; rooms ; bath, 1 gas, piano; kitchen optional.'
EDDY; I 6I4— Large handsomely furnished room
■ closets, running water, bath; also small room,
:- $6 to $10. V-K--:' -£:■■: •;■.;?■.■-- -.'::• ' : "■::■-.
EDDY, Large sunny front : room, $8.
ELLIS, ' 432— Sunny : furnished, and unfurnished
'■" rooms; . also ■ nice t housekeeping rooms; •;■ all
.. conveniences. > ,'. -.-." -- . - - - ■■' \>~'.\r::v
ELLIS, ' 418 ' (Grand •' Carnot)— First-class sunny
: rooms and suites for ' gents, $1 50 to fS week.
• ROOMS TO Continued.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny - : front room;
mantel ; folding-bed; , gentlemen preferred. '0
FIFTH,' 107 — Pleasant v sunny : unfurnished
rooms to let. .:.■■".
FOLSOM, ' Large 5 sunny furnished room
suitable for ' gentleman, $6 . monthly.
FOLSOM, i 820— Nice clean :,.; sunny furnished
rooms, $1 per week and upward..
FULTON, . , 3, 'i opp. City Hall— • Bunny
; rooms; t$ mo. up; bath and pao. - .;■ •
GEARY, 556, formerly .518— Large sunny i front
rooms; suites and single; also light houSekpg.
LOBE House., 821 Howard— Per night, - 25c |to
. $1; week, $1 to H; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, — Connecting suite, 2
closets, running water; also single rooms;
housekeeping. : . . . • ..■
GOLDEN GATE, Newly furnished single
' and double rooms; private family; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; Delect family
rooming house: $1 SO to ;$6 - per week.*
HAVES. Large front room, furnished or
unfurnished; store; lower flat.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — JOO room*:
suites; single: tunny reading room; iSo up.
LARKIX, 1200— Sunny rooms, private family,
$4 per month upward.
LEXINGTON aye.. Furnished front room;
light housekeeping If desired; rent $5.
I MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by tho week, $1 50 to $3: suites.
I $4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 126— Sunny furnished single and
double room; private family; bath.
O'FARRELL, 21CA— Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms, $S and $10. '
O'FARRELL, 219— Central; new flat; unfur-
nished rooms, en suite or single.
O'FARRELL, 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, Large front room suitable
for gentleman. ■ ■ . - ■ ..
O'FARRELL, Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture ; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST, Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 . Eighth 'at.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
, TENTH, 123, near Market— 2 large sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping If desired.
TAYLOR, 109— .-• rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large- sunny room $2 week.
UPPER part, 3 sunny rooms,' unfurnished; use
of basement and yard; also house of 7 rooms
and basement, 397 Fell st.
VAN NESS, 613— Furnished floor 4 rooms, bath;
will rent separately; $20; call 11 to 3.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
GALINDO hotel, Oakland— to the times;
! large sunny suites from $12; single rooms
from $6; board optional; handy to all trains.
EDDY, 500— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished, with board, for 2.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house: new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton.
FULToN, 883 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, Double and single rooms; flrst-
. class board; Spanish: $36 a month up.
HYDE, • Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton. .
HYDE, 1106 (The Victoria)— rooms;
good board; nice location; new management.
POST, 2436, near Broderlck— Nicely furnished
■ front or back parlor; board op.; terms reas.
SOUTH . PARK, Good table . "-.oard. $3 per
I week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
I SUTTER, 1125— Sunny suite; single rooms; flrwt-
! class board; large grounds. Mrs. "W. F. Evans.
THE Longworth, 532 Geary— Remodeled ; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye., f>og— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10; refer-
ence* . 1034 McAllister, ft. - . t
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near
echpol. 51 Clara st. ■
I WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
. board: healthy locality and beat of care. Ad-
■:■ dress box 1728, ; Call . Office.
AN elderly lady will take lnfnnts to board; a
mother's care: references. ■ 234H Sixth si.
STORES TO LET.
| A NICE : larce store to let at 623 Post St. :
. rent $20. ,-. ...
: FINE corner grocery to let, with , fixtures;
northwest corner Post and Lyon Bts. ; rent
cheap. . Apply 340 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
| ' Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for SI 50. postago
free. - - -.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 5i
McAllister st.; pills, $2.
i ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
• absolute cure' for all female diseases; posi-
tively and sure; no clanger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per. box, sent free ■by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. . F. A , Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. .
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever causo)
in a. few hours; safe and' sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
home In. confinement ; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 ami 7 to 8. MRS."
-.. PR. WYETH..2O3 Turk St.. near Jones. . :
j A SURE, Bare and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend, MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St. ; ', -. ..- -,-; ;
EURIB cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, ■ no ' matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DIC
POPPER, 818 Kearny; orders by telegram. :T
SUFFERERS from skin diseases who may con-
I sider their cases Incurable are Invited to send
address to undersigned: at once; free treat-
ment; board," lodging, baths, etc.. If selected.
Address box MS". Call Of flee.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; ; take
mo other; ' send •4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mall; at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
I A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cafes of monthly irregularities: (from, what-
ever cause) ; no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation - free: hours 10 : to 5.
I & 7 to 8. DR. . and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
! A BOON Ito I wives and mothers— Seguro; * price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars »to - Seguro — Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X et., Sacramento, . Cal. ;
AI.T'EAU'R French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $! 50;
express C. O. D. ; : don't delay, until too late. :
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, CaL :
: ELECTRICAL treatments; i cures X all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine: ■no pain; lady at-
'■;• tendant; hours -; 9-4. 7-8. \ 2203V4 , Mission j st.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom St., takes* ladles
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and i everything strictly confidential. »:
I DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo*
; :•■; men and • children. "■•:■; ■ .. . . -■ -:; :. .-;.-•-.
LAI Mrs. Dr. Puets; Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years', experience. 254% Fourth at. .
: HOME In "''confinement: '• diseases of : women."
.•» MRS. : DR. FUNKS.- 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ' office of The ' Call. •
;■-.,; ■-., Subscriptions and \ want ads taken. : , ;
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
; * Call. - Sent ■to 'any, address ~in ■ the -United'
•■■'■' State* 'or Canada ' one ■ year ' for ti SO. ports ge ■
" T ';^;. STORAGE.
FOR lowest rates , go Ito LOUIS J. [ NEUMAN,
> 121 r Sixth St., open evenings. : - ;
TRUNKS, 25c a mo. other goods at low rates.
. -^ Signal Transfer Co., 530 r Jones ; tel. Sutter 441. ;
AT s low t — Furniture, ! ; - carpets,? pianos,"
■ household" goods; clean, light compartments;
advances ! made. :- J. ~-g NOON AN. r 1017 -to 1023
Mission St.. at ye Sixth: open evenings. ';;.,'
AT lowest rater— Household goods, ;■ pianos; ad-
i vances made; fireproof-; building. F. SW.
• ZEHFUSS. ; 840 Mission * st. Tel. ~, Mint ; 1821. .i
! PIERCE-RUDOLPH , Storage ' & ? Moving ''■-. Co. ; "
office, ' Tenth and Market; telephone South 161 j
PERSONALS.
MARY i£ COLLIER, who lived In San Fran-
cisco In 1864-66. or her next of. kin, » will - re-
ceive valuable Information on communicating
with OSCAR T. SHUCK, r attorney for absent
heirs, 609 Kearny st., San Francisco. ;V
HOUSES underpinned with brick or wood;
carpenter work of all kinds; get my esti-
mates. Call or address B. R. ALBERTSON,
-1353 Howard St. -
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I s WAS the first hairdresser In San Francisco
to charge : only 25c for halrdresslng; ; good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $o. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
; chenille- wove rugs. " silk portieres ; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
USE Quinonia Hair Tonic; 'twill save It. G.
LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. - ,■
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 GO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced" masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant ay.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made, suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy 'installments.- L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call." Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
tree. ■ '
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden, nvstery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family '-oubles, restore lost . affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried operty: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. fend stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Mar -et St., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 143 Sixth st.,
-room 10.: ■
ARRIVED— Prof. Bishop, walking medium;
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27"- 4th.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. ; ■ - '
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions; L., 25c; G., 60c; no sign. 8 7th st.
MME. LENEMAR— told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23% Sixth, m. 6.
MME LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; "5c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth Ft.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; Indies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. VENA, reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2Go up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First m ncr pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 829 Post.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed In your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producins your choice of sex.
Hours S a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
115 Franklin— Test healing circle, ladles, chil-
dren; 2; K. Heussmann. Mrs. Waltham; 25c.
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; fine music.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual. sittings. 120 McAllister," hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St., room 2.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings II; clr. Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m.; Sat., 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,- trance test medium.
2.72 Stockton st. : old No. 218. '
M. FRANCES, Independent elate-writinc me-
dium. 118 Haight st. '..'.--
HYPNOTISM /
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
PALMSTRY.
LECTURE on palmistry; demonstrations, by
Mrs. Chandler. Thurs., May 5. 8 p. m. 305
' Larkln, cor. McAllister; admission 10c.
: MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest . rates, without
" removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
KOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. -■■'..
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me- -
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3. ■ ;
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
BOUOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low .' rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianon. any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; low interest. Rm. CS, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bftte. etc. Room 7. SOS California St.
$30 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pU-.nos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. ■ 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■--..■-,■
MONEY WASTED.
$10,000 WANTED on good income property;
private parties. Box 1. r ,22. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.; " lowest -
: rates. McAFEE BROS?..- 108 Montgomery »t.
. • PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rats Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, . typ-
ing. - telegraphy, languages, English- branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, : etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. . -~5
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market- St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
■ bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week^and. month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charmi ng way, Berkeley ; write for cl rculr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, nrchlt. ; day & eve.;
eat. 1864. VAX PER* NAILLEN. m Market
ENGLISH, Latin, mathematics, literature, a
'-specialty: hours 8 a: m. to 12 m., and even-
ings. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st
BOOKKEEPING and : rapid calculations; a
course ;In Tarr"s counting-room makes you
thorough, r Room 572. 855 Market st. .
SHORTHAND; to write 109 words a minute;
| taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish;: new classes: $2 mo. 103 Taylor. St. ■
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law an* medical colleges. Phelan Ms.
MONTGOMERY, G27. cor. Clay— Open until. 9:3o
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
t ions and , want ads taken. ' ■' •?■:'.
CARPE- : CLEAN
CITY ' Steam ! Carpet ' eanlng ■ > Work* ; cleans.
■mives, lays carps*- C H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
; ' 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. v '. ; :
WHEN you become disgusted " -, :th poor ..work
send to SPAULDING'S -Pioneer Carpet-
• '. mating Works, 353-57. Tehama ', St.; \ teL :S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, reno- -ited like \ new. J.
; McQUEEN. 453 wtevenson st; tel. S. 228. ;.'■'
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at Sc
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel.. Jessie 944. . .
GREAT Eastern c- -am Carpet - Cleaning
Works, ; 14 Bth St. B. : GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. : E. MITCHELL Cr pet-Cleaning Co., 211 14th
I St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission. 74. >; __
J. c WATTS, 1 ' reliable carpet-cleaning, " renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 32L
ADVANCE I Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 1 Sutter;
> i tel. Main . 894. v GEO. WALCOM. - Proprietor. ; ;
CONKLIN' S ' Carpet-Beatias Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 120. "•*•"•-- . vr
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
60L GETZ & BROTHER. -
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR. *
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK : LOTS. ""
■ SECT-RE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Term*!
$100.' $150 to $250; level building lota near
Mlssion-Et. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
' • ' -. ■ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
■-"' SUNSET HEIGHTS j LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S3O; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
V ' ': ; SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S0O; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered: $25 down; SlO
monthly. - SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
> $1350 1 to $1800; ' choice, almost new, cottage ' In
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, . Crocker building.
- - •■— — -  .
$4500. REDUCED FROM $8000.
Two lots on south side of Sixteenth St., be-
tween Sanchez and Market; 50x103:8. " '
I Must be sold at once by order of client, hav-
ing special reasons for selling.
Apply to A. RUEF. Attorney-at-Law,
/,- _-v 402 ■ Montgomery st.
STORE and flat, • 7 elegant * rooms, substan-
tially built, and small rear house, rents JC3.
lot 27:6x152, for sale at a sacrifice. 3025 Sac-
ramento St.
PROPERTY — 45 feet 10 Inches on Mission by
117 hi feet on Spear st. Inquire 546 Clay st.
THE REYNOLDS CO., ~ ~~
New real estate firm rustling for business.
Call and see us. 403 Examiner building.
FREE— Our 50-page catalogue, with city map.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., CO2 Market st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
. Subscriptions and ada taken. ' '•.""■■
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
A VINEYARD AND SUBURBAN HOME!
With a good Income; 50 acres, nearly all in
full bearing vines; half mile .from Warm
Springs. Alameda County; improvements first-
class; price only $11,000. ■ •■
McAFEE BROTHERS.
AT San Mateo — A charming country home,
witn 12 acres of land, good buildings, beauti-
ful garden, family orchard, etc. ; an ideal
place; price only $15,000. McAFEE BROS.
IN mining district, near Grass Valley, an Im-
proved fruit and stock ranch, 220 acres; only
$5000. McAFEE BROTHERS. 10S Montgomery
St., San Francisco.
PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR
>'= A .splendid investment; finely Improved
ranch property in Alameda County; , price
$150,000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
SMALL California homes for sale by FRANK
M. WILLS, Antioeh, Contra Costa County.
A— PAGE catalogue of city and country in-
vestments free. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
LOT 100x180; select part of San Mateo; $1100.
2501 Mission , st. ... .
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwpod. Shasta Co.. CaL
larkspur REAL. estate.
b^aljtlf^HT^o^e^^Tlarlcspur!
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $150, in the Alle~dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you; payment as rent: all rtreets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; calf or tend for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
' OAKLAND HOUSES. ~ ~
HANDSOME residence 9 rooms, bath; barn;
large yard; lawn and tennis court; for rent
cheap; centrally located; 659 Twenty-fourth
St., near Grove. Apply to owner, 1..
FRANKE, Oakland Pickle Factory, 161-J
Grove at.
TO :-r<"m furnished cottage. Call at 336
.'ark st., Alameda.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, EG2 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH. Pleasant sunny front rooms,
- with board: private;:' large yard.-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
ECHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GIVEN away— lot 53x104; cottage 6 rooms,
bath ; BW cor. Park st. and Blandlng aye. ;
property on easy installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER, Real Estate
j Agent. Notary Public, 1340 Park St., Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~~ ~
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800. r~.OO. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on -'• market for non-payment
Of installments, and they ire now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
ilit new, and located near schools and sta-
tions, s&s&tsg
We are going to weed them out and invlta
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 62S Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— f.0x?70; modern cottaga 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house at
6 rooms and one of . 4 rooms.
$1600 — Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 room* and
bath: near Chestnut station. . • "
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x160: only
2 blocks from station and hl.Rti school.
— New - bouse of 7 ■ rooms and bath; lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda. ■
H P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1250— A , VERY great bargain; house and lot;
Improvements cost $1100: easy terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$360 EACH— lots ' fronting on Grove st. ; street
work all done; cars pass the door: an unheard
of bargain. • JOS. '.. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station. ■: . .-■':■:• -..'
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire ' 258 Fourth, -' corner Folsom. ; V, ■ •
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange or for sale S Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
largo piece of San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty et. . ' ■• ■: :-■■■'
WELL-IMPROVED ranch near San Jose to
trade for city. Oakland or Alameda prop-;
erty. Box 1516, Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED., ;
WANTED— To rent small ■" ranch ' suitable *.ir
I raising poultry. Address box 1529. Call cf3cq.
LOST.
LOST— pass book with the Hibemia Savings
and Loan ; Society of San Francisco, ■In the
name of JOHN CALLAGHAN. No. 162,550.
: Finder will please return to bank.
CALIFORNIA Theater ;or , street, Saturday
■■ night,- Pearl and Gold Opera Glasses; liberal
; reward. &65 Market Et. ■■■
PARROT; $5 reward: prosecuted If kept. 'Re-
turn to Chattanooga Glasses; llbera
rd. 665 Market Et.
OT; $', reward; prosecuted If kept. R
to 30C Chattanooga st.
LOST— March 2, yellow mastiff. . Return or
■ send' information to schooner • John D. Ta
. lent, Spear-st.. wharf, and receive reward. ■■r»i
.<<: ■;,..■■•»,:-.---■.•-•'- .■■'•;• -" ■'..'.: ■'■••■« -'...■ .- t
LOST— At California Theater, - Saturday night
last; opar breastpin; -beetle; -$10 will be paid
for the- return -of the'sames-to-DR^F. ' W.-;
HARRIS,. 93S Market St., 2 to 5 p. in. ;:.■ ■-..,.
I— At California Theater, Saturday nig
, opal breastpin; beetle; $10 will be pa
the return ivf the same to DR. F. \V
RRIS, 936 Market st., 2 to 5 p. ta.
LOST— On - Twenty-fourth ■ St., Saturday * even
Ing, April 23, water • spaniel bitch, ■ brown.
■ with ■> breast and : front feet white. G. .W.
MILL. -Western Sugar i Refinery, or 1105
-.Rhode Island st. ;: liberal reward. -
LOST— MJty 1. from 2981 . Twenty-fourth st. :
black greyhound pup. Person returning to the
' . above ; number, suitably rewarded. . v . : . :
ELEVENTH. : 106— Branch /of lice of ; The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. / -
, MARRIAGE LICENSES.
- The following couples. were granted marriage
licenses yesterday: .■>. . -— f■'-r. ■ ■ - . - . ■
•■- Karl Gut ; and Ellsa Wehrli, 25-25. . ;..
. ' John H. ' Hansen and Karen' Jalcobsen, '41-88. * !
. Frank Carlin and Mary Martin. 33-24. ■• ■ , ;
: William O. Frakes and • Lucy M. Short, 24-30.;
■ i Henry -.Waff ord ■ and . Margaret Phillips, . 60-53. .
t '. Edmund ■ M.\ Wood: and Julia A. Gllllck. \ 36-22.
; George ,'F.T.Tompson ; and 'Annie UlulcJs. 22-23.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, ■ marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. " They must be
handed in at either of the publication office*
and bo indorsed with , the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the- same pub-
lished. ..
BORN. '
EMANUEL— Alameda. May 4, IS9B, to the
wife of H. Emanuel, a son.
KROEGER— ApriI 23, 189$, to the wife of John
Kroeger, a son. ■
MARRIED.
CHAUM— McROSSIE— In Los Angeles. April 21.
ISSS, Claude D. Chaum of New Mexico and
Jennie McKossie of San Francisco.
LEYILLAIN-LAVIGNE— In this city. April 23,
IS3S, at the French Church of. Notre Dams
dcs Vlctoires, by the Rev. Father Lourde.
Edmond E. Lev! Main and Emilie L. Lavigne.
WILLES— GRUENHAGEN— In this city. May 3,
1898, -by the- Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
Benjamin James Wl lies of Torkvllle. Men-
" docino County, and Mrs. Anna M. E. Gruen-
hagen of Creston. San Luis Oblspo County.
" ,  DIED.
Blankensteln. M, Jones. Robin
Prannnn, Thomas ' Keating', James
Calderwood. Alice Kerrigan. Patrick
Dawson, Margaret Lamoureux. Philias
Edwartlsen, A. Liston, Catharine K.
Felx, John McCauley, William
Ferguson. Samuel McGilvray, Elizabeth
Ferguson, Jane Mighell, Joseph A. A.
Foley, Thomas I. " Musseo, Sarah ■',' .:.■:•"
Ginnochio, Aloysla V. Sctiultz. Marie •
Hemphill, Joseph L. Tierney, Annie
Huth Jr., Balzer W. Waldron. Amelia
Innes, Flora A. Walrath. Thomas A.
BLANKENSTEIN— this city. May 4, 1898.
Manny Blankensteln, son of Mrs. 11. Blan-
kenstein, and brother of Leo Blankenstein,
Mrs. C. Stern, T. H. Heilbron and Mrs. A.
Simon, a native of New York City. Known
as Professor Romonde.
BRANNAN— In this city, May 2. 1898, Thomas,
beloved husband of Alice Brannan, father of
Atldie, Sarawillie, Maude and Kittle Brannan,
and brother-in-law of John J. »our, a na-
tive of Ireland.
[ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his . late
residence, 1132 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CALDERWOOD— In this cm-. May 4, 1898.
Alice, beloved daughter of«©iter and Martha
A. Calderwood, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months.
DAWSON— In this city, May 3, IS9B. Margaret,
wife of Thomas Dawson, a native of Ireland, '
aged 34 years. • • ■. . ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7 Dawson place. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EI'V.ARDSEN— In this city. May 4. ISSB. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Hannah Edward-
sen, and stepfather of Mollle end Charley Ed-
wardsen, a native of Norway, aged 37 year*
1 month and 8 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Eriday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of J.
C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
FEIX— In this city. May 3. IS9S, John, beloved
husband of Mary Feix, a native of Prussia.
Germany, aged 71 years 1 month and 24 days.
• £7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of Mount Morlah
Lodge No. 44. F. and A. ,M. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
FERGUSON— In this city. May 4, IS9S. Samuel
Ferguson, a native of Delaware, aged 77
years.
FERGUSON— In this city. May 8, 1898. Jane,
beloved, wife of James Ferguson, and mother
of John and Angus Ferguson, a native of
Scotland, ased 48 years.
ICPFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late rest-
' dence, 930 Minnesota street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FOLEY— this city. May 3. IS9B, Thomas 1..
beloved husband of Loretta Foley, father of
Julia Foley, and son of Thomas and Mary
Foley. a native of San Francisco.
EX Th-» funeral will take place this day
. (Thursday). ■at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, &07C Birch avenue. Interment pri-
vate. -- ".V'r-
GINNOCHIO— In this city, May 4. 1898. Aloys'.a
V., dearly beloved daughter of U. and Mary
Ginnochio. and sister of Clorinda, Lillian.
Isabella, Arthur and Ethel Ginnochio, a na-
tive of, San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and S days.
HEMPHILL— In this city. May 4. ISM, Joseph
L., beloved brother of Charles J. and John
G. Hemiihlll, a native of Ireland, aged 23
years.
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel lull Cemetery.
HUTU— In South Baa Francisco. May 4, 1898.
Ualzer William Jr., dearly beloved and only
son of Balzer W. and Bertha Huth, and
brother of Mary Huth. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 19 days, j |
INNES— In this city, May 4. 1838. Flora Ade-
laide, beloved daughter of William and
Emma Innes, and sister of Maggie Wlllox,
Isabclle Ranlcin. Willie. Emma, Alexander
and Jessie Annie Innes, a native of San
Francisco, seed 5 months and 28 days.
JONES— In this city. May 2, IS9B, Robin Jones,
a native of Hilldboro, N. C. aged 24 years
and 11 months. (North Carolina papers copy.)
(E?"The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at 1117 Sut-
ter street.
KEATING— In Oakland, May 3, 1893, James,
• beloved son of the late David and Bridget
Keating, beloved huaband of Mamie Keat-
ing, and beloved brother of David and Lillie
Keating. Mrs. J. 11. Wihlderbrand, Mrs. R.
Gordon and John and Emily Keating, a na-
t ive of Memphis, Term., aged 36 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
. ing parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KERRIGAN— In this city. May 3," 1898, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Maggie Kerrigan,
dearly beloved brother of John and Martin
Kerrigan and Mrs. .1. P. Mclnerny, nephew of
Mrs. Benjamin Ruddeck. and brother-in-law
of Mrs. J. Logue and Mrs. M. Dolan. a ■ na-
tive of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 40 years.
■ ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 135 Boyce street, off Point Lobos rood,
thence to . Holy Cress Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAMOUREUX— In Oakland. May 3. 1898.
Philias H.. beloved husband of Judith La-
moureux. and father of Eva. Lulu and Hll-
aire H. Lamoureux, a native of Canada, aged
43 years 8 months and 2, > days.
(ETFrlends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Washington and Twelfth streets,
Oakland, under the auspices of Live Oak
Lodge No. • . Cl, ■F. and A. M. Interment
' Mountain View Cemetery.
LISTON— In Alvarado, May 4. IS3S. Catharine
K. Liston. beloved mother of Mrs. W. F.
Ingalls. Mrs. D. C. Owen and J. J. Liston,
aged CO years 8 months and 22 days.
McCAULEY— this city. May 4, 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Catherine McCau-
ley, a native of Dublin, '. Ireland, aged 47
years.
McGILVRAY— In this city, May 3, 1898. Eliza-
beth S.. beloved wife of J. B. McGilvray,
and ; mother of Charles Plckett. a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 53 years. .
iryFrlends and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited , to attend the funeral thiß day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Centenary
M. E. Church South, Bush street, between
• Gouph and Octavia. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery- ■ '
MIGHELL— In this city. May 4. 1898. Joseph
A A., beloved husband of Laura, and brother
of William E., Richard H. and George W.
. Mighell, ; a native of San Francisco, aged 37
. years.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MUSSEO-^ln this city. May 3, 1898, Sarah, be-
loved wife of John Musseo, mother of Mich-
ael Musseo, and sister of ; the late Mrs. Van
Buskirk. Mrs. P. Clark and Henry" Newman,
a native of Marysville, aged 33 years and 7
months. '
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1212 Francisco street, near Van Ness
avenue; Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. May 4, IS3B. ■ Marl
Schultz. beloved wife of William A. Schultz.
'a native of Prussia. Germany, aged 33 yean
8 months and 2 days. •
."" (CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
TIEHNEY— this city. May 3. 1898, Annie
beloved wife of. Thomas P. Tierney, mother
of Maggie, Josle, Loretta and Irene Tierney,
daughter of Margaret and the .ate Thomas
Crowley, and sister of William Crowley, a
native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 32 years 3
months and 4 days. . ;<
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat
restderfc. 4324 - Twentieth street, near Dia-
mond thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. In
terment Holy Cross Cemetery .-_.;■
WALDRON— In this city, May 3, 1898, Adella
Waldron, a native of Kentucky, aged 77
- years. . • -
WALRATH— South San Francisco, May 4.
1898 Thomas A., dearly beloved son of Etna
and the late P. J. .Walrath, and brother of
: Lottie Addle. Oscar. Nettle and Pearl • Wal-
rath and Mrs. Paul Ayhens, a native of New-
ark, :N. J. , a™ed 25 ■ years 10 months and • 2
days. - ■'}•-■■••-''■":■ ':.--•■■» :"■ \- • • -
• ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial . Pres-
byterian Church. Eighteenth .. and Railroad
avenue;!^ where funeral services will be held.
Interment, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
-- "" '■'-'•■ == "
I ..; : /. McAVOY &' GALLAGHER, i
I FUNKKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMED* I
* "iO 11ITR ST..' Ojp. Unjoin School. " 1
I ■ Telephone, South 80. ■ I
1314
OSCAR LUNING
SUES WHITTELL
FOR A MILLION
Grave Charges Against the
Late fiillionaire's Exec=
utor and son=in=Law.
Superior Court Asked to Make De
fendant Restore the Property of
Plaintiff and Render a True
Account of All He Did.
There Is a yreat scandal in the Jjan
lng estate. Oscar T. Luning, one of the
sons of the late millionaire, Nicholas
Luning, has sued Execut. r George
Whittell for an accounting, charging
him with crimes enough to make a Dick
Turpln blush-
Whittell Is plaintiff's brother-in-law.
He Is also one of the executors of the
Luning estate, valued at nearly eight
millions, and president of the corpora
tion that now manages the Luning es
tate.
The suit was filed yesterday in the
Superior Court. It practically alleges
that George Whittell has defrauded
plaintiff out of about a million dollars
by schemes, trickery and devices equiv
alent to the methods of a bunko swind
ler. That the story told in the plead
ings may be intelligible to the public
a few preliminary facts should be borne
In mind.
Nicholas Luning died on August 1,
1890, leaving a will which disposed of
an estate valued at nearly seven and a
half million dollars. Six and a quarter
of those millions were invested in Gov
ernment bonds and cash notes on such
men as the Crockers and Huntington,
all of which were soon converted into
cash. He left five children, two sons
and three daughters, to wit: John and
< >?car Luning and Ellen Fife, Anna
Whittell, wife of defendant, and Clara
Cunninr'iam. George Whittell, who is
president of the Pacific Union Club,
and Marion B. Langhorne were execu
tors of the c.state. The estate was to
be divided equally among the heirs.
Whittell is now president and Lang
h^rii^ is secretary <>f the corporation
that manages the Luning estate.
Throe of the heirs were married wo
men, unaccustomed to business, while
John Luning was equally averse to
business matters, and Oscar, the plain
tiff, was frightfully addicted to liquor
until two years ago, at which time he
reformed and opened his eyes, as he
claims, to the fact that he had been
living in a sort of pink dream, during
whi^h time, he pays, Whittell operated
on him by ways that were dark and
tricks that were vain, luring him into
contracts, into signing papers and do
ing other things that have resulted in
stripping him of everything he has ex
cept the income on 5500,000.
Immediately after Luning's death
Whittell advised all the heirs that the
safest thing f<>r them to rl<> would be to
form a corporation to handle the busi
ness of the estate. He proposed to look
out for them as executor of the estate
and president of the company. The
three married women, one of whom was
his wife, and the two sons of the dead
millionaire, one who now alleges that
he was until two years ago a drunkard
and the other wholly unacquainted with
business matters at once consented
and the corporation was formed. The
nominal capital was ten millions, but
the real value was that of the estate,
three-quarters of the ten millions.
There were one hundred shares, twenty
for each heir. A dividend of $100,000
was paid to each heir within a year.
John Luning remained away nearly all
the time, taking no part in the business
of the estate, while Oscar was incapa
citated from drink.
One day, so runs the story, Whittell
Baid to Oscar Luning: "You are drink
ing so much that you will he foolish
enough some day to assign your whole
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIKERAWBEEF
On Baby's Face Neck and Breast.
Ran Blood and Matter.
Had to Tie Hands to Keep from
Scratching. A Bad Case.
Doctor Did Little or No Good.
Cuticura Cured. Skin Now Clear
A SWORN STATEMENT.
"When my nephew was two weeks old ho had
running sores on his face, neck, breast, and
hands, which continued to grow worse. They
looked like raw beef. . Sometimes blood would
come and sometimes matter. He was awfully
bad. Why, we had never heard or read of
such a case. My sister had to tie his hands to
the hammock to keep him from scratching
himself, he itched so. He often rubbed his
neck and face against bis shoulders. The
doctor did little or no good. Said ''it came
from the blood," etc. She heard of Cuti-
ctTßA (ointment), and I bought her a box, and
finding it gave satisfaction she continued to
use it. The boy is all veil now and his face is
clear. In order to show you my good faith in
this matter and how pleased I am with Ccn-
cntA Remedies. I have taken oath to above
statements. EMMA FISHER, 682 W. 18th PI.,
March 3, 1893. Chicago, 111. .'<.
State or Illinois, I
County of Cook, j s * .
I.Charles F. Vogel, a Notary Public in and
for said county Id the State aforesaid, do hereby ,
certify that Emma Fisher, personally known to
me to be the same person whose name is sub-
scribed to the foregoing statement, appeared be-
fore me this day in person and acknowledged that
she signed the fame, and that the same is true
according to her best knowledge and belief. '
CHARLES F. VOGEL, Notary Public.
SPEBDT CtTBB TruATMKKT FOB EYKHT KIITD Or BAST
riCMOR.— Warm bath« wtth Cctici'sa Boat, gentle
toolnllngs with Cuticur a, purest of emollient akin cure*, !
and mild do*e« o< Citiciba KESOLV«KT,greateit of blood
pciriftrrs and humor caret. ..
Botd thiiiwrtwcit the world. Form Dice akd Cbim. .
Co>F., Bole Prop*.. Barton. ■
. fm- » HoW to Cure Skin-Tortured Babiet," mailed free.
fortune away. You had better gflve It
to me In trust."
Oscar Luning agTeed without further
discussion. Whittell gave him a decla
ration of trust wherein he acknowl
edged that he (Whittell) held $500,000
in trust for plaintiff In this suit, and
whereby he agreed to pay half of the
income thereof to Oscar Luning^ and
half to his wife. This agreement has
been fulfilled, and so far as Oscar Loin
ing can discover the Income of the half
million thus described is all that is left
to him out of what should be one-fifth
of nearly eight millions. The suit filed
yesterday asks Whittell what has be
come of the balance of a million dollars.
Incidentally It appears that plaintiff
recently demanded an accounting for
the missing million, whereupon Whit
tell denied that there was anything due,
asserting that the $500,000 payment was
for all of plaintiff's right, title and in
terest-
According to statements of the
plaintiff Whittell seems to have taken
a fatherly interest in Oscar in another
way. It is said that once when Oscar
was very ill at San Joee, Whittell drew
a will for the sick man to sign. It made
the president of the Luning Company
sole executor of the will, without bonds,
and provided that Whittell was also to
be guardian of Oscar's children. A
year afterward Whittell seems to have
detected an error In the will. He came
back and had Oscar sign it again. He
made it read guardian "of all lawful
children," whereas it had before read
"guardian of my children."
The suit filed yesterday follows in the
wake of a settlement which John Lun
ing forced some time ago. He discov
ered that he was in the same predica
ment that confronts Oscar to-day. He
hired lawyers, and after a number of
conferences he was paid $950,000 to let
go.
If the pleadings and the story of
Oscar Laming are true George Whittell
has not only had sole control of the
Luning finances and estate ever since
the death of the well-known million
aire, but he has emulated Warren
Hastings in the darkest pages of the
history that chronicles the hard luck
of the Begums and other princes of
India, The details of the story are
like the pages from a buccaneer's Jour
nal.
The pleadings assert that Whittell
and Langhorne represented that It i
would be necessary, in order to carry :
out the provisions of the last will and \
testament, to sell considerable of the \
property at a sacrifice, and to establish
th« corporation before referred to, mak
ing the executors the principal officers
thereof. In pursuance of this recom
mendation the heirs transferred their
Interests to the corporation. It is
averred that Whittell has had almost
sole control of the estate ever since the !
formation of the corporation in August, !
1891.
It was in April of this year that Os
rar made a demand for an accounting,
which Whittell refused. Andrew D.
Parker, a well-known member of the
New York bar, came to this city about
that time. Joining E. F. Preston and
J. W. Bourdette as attorneys for Lun
ing in the matters that have now
reached the court. The three are the
attorneys of record in the case.
The prayer of the petition filed yes.
terday asks that "Whittell be required
to account to plaintiff for all property
held in trust, together with all the
rents and incomes on all property other
than the $500,000 held in trust.
It is requested that the trust be de
termined and ended without delay, and
that Whittell be required to deliver to
Luning all property alleged to be held
in trust and all other property said to
be that of plaintiff.
One of the concluding allegations of
the complaint is as follows: "After the
trust of five hundred thousand dollars
there remained in the hands . the de
fendant, in trust for plaintiff, property
of the value of at least one million dol
lars, of which no account has at any
time been rend red or made by the de
fendant, and the defendant has never
at any time p -d over or accounted for
any part or portion of said last-men
tioned property, or of the income,
rents, issues or profits thereof."
It is then set forth in detail that de
fendant failed and wholly refused,
when asked to make an account, to
render any statement whatever, the de
mand being made c.i the 9th of last
month.
It is expected that the case will be
urged to trial without delay and that
there will be some strong efforts to
have Whittell explain in detail all he
has done in the estate, why he has dona
it; also that he will detail how much
he has earned as executor and man
ager of the estate and as president of
the Luning Company.
Counselor Parker is here with the
intention of remaining and devoting all
his energies to the case until it is fin
ally determined. Messrs. Preston and
Bourdette will also do all in their power
to see that the matters at issue ar»
determined without delay. Several sen
sations are expected during the hear
ing.
New Piano and Music House.
Clark, Wise • Co. open their new
music house to-day, corner Geary and
Grant avenue, in the store formerly oc
cupied by the City of Paris. It is the
most elegantly fitted up music house in
the West and the largest stock of
music, pianos and musical goods ever
brought to this coast Their window
display is exceedingly artistic *
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALJL, THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1898.
POLICEMEN
ENGAGE IN
A BRAWL
Pistol and Club Used,
but Little Blood
Spilled.
Officer William Irvine
Has His Head Split
Open.
Drew His Revolver on Patrol
man Whalen and Was
Knocked Down.
BOTH MEN SUSPENDED.
Lively Scrimmaga on Haight Street
Which Awakened the Neigh
borhood.
Policemen Peter Whalen and William
Irvine had a mix up near the Chutes at
an early hour yesterday morning, and as
the result the latter's head is swathed in
bandages. Last night they were both sus
pended by Captain Wlttman, pending an
investigation by the Police Commission.
According to Whalen's story he was
patrolling his beat when he saw Irvine
and another officer named George Silver.
They were some distance away, and as
they approached Whalen, Irvine re
marked: "Whalen was never any good.
I think he Is a dirty ."
He repeated the remark several times,
sundasWhalen walked up to him. intending
to ask him what he meant, Irvine drew
his revolver, and placing it against his
fellow officer's head, threatened to shoot.
Whalen quickly pulled out his club and
brought it down on Irvine's head, cutting
a deep gash, and felling him to the
ground. Silver then took a hand in the
scrap, and separated the combatants after
considerable trouble.
Irvine afterward went to a drug store in
the vicinity, where the wound in his head
was dressed.
Captain Wittman in some way learned
of the trouble between the officers and
he sent for them. Irvine, when ques
tioned, denied that he used the remark
attributed to him by Whalfn, but admit
teu that he had drawn his revolver on
him. He explained his action by saying
that he thought Whalen intenued to do
him up, and he concluded not to take any
chances.
Silver, however, corroborated Whalen's
statement that Irvine referred to him in
vile terms.
r ormal charges of unofflcerlike conduct
were filed against the three policemen
last night. They will be given an oppor
tunity to explain their conduct at the
meeting of the Board of Police Commis
sioners next Monday night.
IN A BOWER OF
SPRING BLOSSOMS
Wedding of Miss Meiita
Robinson and George
T. Tallant.
'iue wedding of Miss Meiita Robinson,
daughter of the late Dr. Luke Robinson,
and George T. Tallant of the Tallant
Banking Company of this city, was quiet-
ly celebrated yesterday afternoon at half
past 3 at the residence of the bride's
mother on Steiner street. Archbishop
Riordan, assisted by Father Mulligan,
performed the ceremony in the presence
of only the immediate friends of the
family.
It was a typical spring wedding. White
was the prevailing color tone of the dec
orations, which were unusua«ly pretty
and artistic. In the drawing room a
bower of dainty spring blossoms and
clinging smilax was erected, and it was
here the happy couple stood while they
exchanged vows and plighted their troth.
The bride was attended by her sister.
Miss Bernardette Robinson, who officiated
as maid of honor, and Alfred Wilcox of
Lofl Angeles was best man. Dr. Frank
Robinson, brother of the bride, gave her
into the safekeeping of the groom.
Miss Robinson made a remarkably beau
tiful bride and looked extremely pretty
in her white satin gown, all covered with
point lace, the same which adorned % the
bridal dress of her mother.
Miss Rernardette Robinson wore a white
mousseline de sole over white silk and
carried bridemaid's roses.
The presents were elegant, numerous
and costly. Mr. and Mrs. Tallant left last
evening for Tahoe, where they will spend
their honeymoon, and on their return they
will reside with Mrs. Robinson at her
residence on Steiner street.
MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
Notes of the Playbills and Concert
Programmes of the Current
Week.
The twelfth and last concert of the
Symphony Society's present season takes
place this afternoon in the Tivoll. Mr.
Roheel has arranged a special programme,
which includes the "Harold in Italy"
symphony by Berlioz, Tschiakowsky's
serenade for strings. "Wagner's "Kaiser
March" and Weber's "Jubal" overture.
The Baldwin engagement of Ferris
Hartman and "The Purser" closes with
the Sunday night performance. Pilar
Morin, the famous French pantomime
player, opens Monday, presenting Vance
Thompson's "In Old Japan." She will
divide the programme v.ith Fritz Scheel
and a large orchestra.
At the Columbia the Mantell Company
offers an entertaining and well acted ro
mance in "A Secret Warrant."
"The Gay Parisians" continues to crowd
the Alcazar. The Tlvoli does well with
the "Wang" revival. Which, by the way,
is a cleverer musical farce production
than Now York seems able to send us
these days.
Hoyt's "Texas Steer" offers more than
good value for the cheap seats at the Cal-
Morosco's is spectacularly turbulent this
woek with "The Hearts of New York. "
Lizzie Raymond, John W. Ransome and
Kerner's living pictures are the special
features at the Orpheum. They offer liv
ing pictures out at the Chutes, too.
A Furniture Deal.
Joseph Schultz swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday for
! the arrest of John Barker and John Tay
! lor on a charge of obtaining money by
■ false pretenses. March 4 Schultz pur
! chased the lodging house. 802 Montgomery
: street, from Barker and Taylor for $325
on their representation, as he alleges, that
they were the sole owners. Last week
J Isoonan, furniture dealer at 1017 Mission
street, notified Schultz that there was $45
due on the furniture, and if not paid at
once it would be taken away.
A Popular Concert.
Invitations have been issued by the Co
lumbian Zither Club for its eighth con
cert, which <is;, to be f given :in San Fran
cisco ' Turn "Verein Hall, ■ 323 Turk '■ street,
next Sunday i evening-. -•: The popularity : of
these - concerts . has - been ■' the .<; means ; of
crowding the hall on every occasion. The
club : consists •of -thirty , zithers, .i two bow
zithers, six ; mandolins, six guitars, two
violins, one flute , and one cello. ■ Paul
Schwert will direct the concert. .
■ • »
Try our (1 Eyeglasse*. 710 Market 11 Geary..
JUSTICE COOK
S AYS HE WAS
THREATENED
Deputy Clerk Harry Barron
Charged With Trying
to Influence Him.
Writ of Prohibition Was Served
on the Justice of the Peace
During the Progress of
a Trial.
One of the most barefaced attempts
to coerce a judicial officer Into render
ing a judgment In favor of a certain
litigant has come within the experience
of Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook,
according to the statement made by
that gentleman yesterday in the pres
ence of four witnesses.
The man charged with the offense Is
Harry Barron, a deputy In the office
of the County Clerk, who came into no
toriety two days ago as a manipulator
of warrants on the Piper plan of multi
plex hypothecation. When his advances
were rejected with indignation by
Judge Cook Barron threatened to take
the case in question out of Cook's court
if he had to resort to a writ of prohi
bition. The writ of prohibition was
served on Judge Cook yesterday.
Some weeks ago suit was nstituted
in the case of A. yon Bargen against
the Demaray Provision Company et al.
The defendants were Mrs. Demaray, I.
W. T. Unfug and Francis J. Barry. The
amount sought to be recovered was
$213 for goods sold and delivered. The
attorneys for the plaintiff are William
Tomsky and Moses G. Cobb. The plain
tiff's attorney Is P. L. Benjamin. The
case was assigned to Judge Cook.
Judge Cook thus relates the remarka
ble incident which occurred before the
case came up for a hearing:
"Harry Barron. a deputy In the Coun
ty Clerk's office, came to me and said:
'I want to ask a favor of you. You have
got the case of Yon Bargen against the
Demaray Provision Company before
you.' I told him that I had.
" 'I wish you would see if you can't
give judgment for the defendant, 1 he
said.
"I replied In anger: 'What do you
mean by talking to me that way? You
TWO GIRLS WHO
WENT ASTRAY
Their Trouble Caused Through
a Charitable De
sire.
Collected Funds for * Deceased
Friend and Then Enjoyed Them
selves Until Arrested.
The fact that Jim Keating died from a
gunshot wound but a short time ago and
that his friends were anxious to raise a
Bum of money with which to pay expenses
for the last sad rites has resulted in two
or three arrests, many threats of war
rants being issued for grand larceny, ac
cusations of drunkenness and a loss of
money collected, besides the report that
jewelry had been lost, strayed or stolen.
Flora Abbott and Ollie Connors are the
stars in the lttle drama which was but
recently enacted. When It was thought
a burial fund should be collected they
sallied forth among the saloon men w«o
had known the deceased in his life time,
and in a few minutes had gathered to
gether about $50. Then an idea struck
them and in consequence It was a red-let
ter night for those who sell liquors on the
Barbary Coast.
That the idea sould be carried out to
the fine point the. self-appointed collectors
went forth and in a few short hours were
behind the bars of the California-street
Station charged with drunk. Then tha
complications cropped forth. Jim Abbott
and James Connors went to the rescue
of the girls and removed them from the
disgraceful cell which they were occupy-
The money which had been collected
could not be found. A ring with a dia
mond setting valued at $100 was reported
missing by Flora, and Ollie had pawned
a pair of $200 earrings for $10 in a nearby
saloon. Flora accused Ollie of having
taken the ring from her finger, and
threats were made to swear out warrants
for her arrest. Ollie retorted that she
would swear out a warrant for her co
collector for having "gone through" the
money gatherprl together through the
kindness of the saloonmen.
Then the men mixed things and a fight
looked inevitable. But the trouble was
stopped and Abbott visited all the sa
loons in the district for the purpose of find
ing the ring and earrings, but the search
was in vain, with the exception that each
bartender wa.s willing to "stand the
drinks." Now each and every one is won
dering what happened, but it is well
known that flowers were rather scarce
at one funeral on account of a hot time
on the notorious Barbary Coast.
TREASURY DECISIONS.
Dealers in Tobacco and Liquor Will
Find Much in Them That Is
Interesting.
Collector of Customs Jackson was noti
fied yesterday of the following decisions
made by the Treasury Department at
"Washington:
Manufactured tobacco cannot be fur
nished free of tax as supplies to American
vessels otherwise than under the provi
sions of section 18, act of July 24, 1897.
There is no other arrangement than with
drawal from a bonded warehouse or a
manufacturing warehouse for supplies as
provided in section 16.
Cargoes brought in as war prizes are
not subject to duty, and go immediately
into the hands of the United States Mar
shal for prize court.
An importer of alcoholic liquors or com
pounds thereof who holds a special tax
stamp as a wholesale liquor-dealer at his
place of business" In one city and sells and
delivers packages of those liquors at a
place of storage in another city without
prior constructive delivery to the pur
chasers at the place where such stamp is
held is required to pas' additional special
tax and to take out the requisite stamp
for that storage place.
The question whether a liquor-dealer or
malt liquor dealer is required to pay
special tax as a retail or a wholesale
dealer depends upon the actual quantity
of liquor disposed of by him at any one
sale.
"Spain As It Is."
Neal Davis, who has traveled exten
sively in Spain, will deliver his lecture on
the customs and features of that country
at Metropolitan Temple this evening.
are asking me to do an act of Injustice?'
" 'Well, they will stop you with a
writ of prohibition,' was his answer.
"To this I retorted: 'I am going to
try this case on its merits. Don't you
come near me again.' He then left me
and the matter was forgotten by me
until this morning when they served a
writ of prohibition on me to prevent me
trying the case."
Judge Cook then went on to tell how
he had been, as he viewed it, shame
fully treated in this cape.
"When the case came up last wsek
the attorney for the defendant made
a motion to have the case transferred
to another court on the ground of
prejudice. The motion was overruled,
as the cause of the alleged prejudice
was not set forth. The defendants
then asked for a jury trial, which I
granted, feeling glad to be relieved of
the duties which fall upon a Jury.
"The case was pet for trial to-day,
and while I was engaged in empaneling
a jury Barron came in and presented
a notice to the effect that Judge Groe
zinper had transferred the case to
Judge Barry's court. I paid no atten
tion to the notice as the trial of the
ca?e was in progress and besides there
is a rule of the Justices' Courts that no
case shall be reassigned without the
knowledge and consent of all parties.
"It was not more than three minutes
afterward when I was served with a
writ of prohibition, issued by Judge
Seawell of the Superior Court, prohibit
ing me from trying the case and order
ing me to appear before Judge Seawell
on Friday, May 13."
When the matter is heard before
Judge Seawell there are likely to be
some further sensational developments.
Since the suit was brought the com
plaint has been withdrawn as to Mrs.
Demaray and Berry, so that Unfug is
now the sole defendant.
NEW GIFTS FOR
THE BIG FESTIVAL
Masons Are Securing Offers of
Help From Every
Side.
Extensive Preparations Being Made
by the Hard-Working Com
mittee.
There Is not a doubt In the minds of the
members of the Executive Committee ar
ranging the big Masonic Festival, which
is to be held next week for the benefit
of the Widows' and Orphans' Home, that
it will be a success. On every, hand they
are receiving generous offers, and from
the material and contributions so far re
ceived . the festival will be worthy of
visiting from a charity and educational
standpoint.
The ladies of the California Commaml
ery have not only secured a complete
Klondike outfit and a ticket to Dawson,
but provisions to cover a miner's require
ments for twelve months. They have also
secured the famous painting of Samson
and Delilah, which will be placed in a
specially arranged booth. Mrs. Dr. Edna
R. Field reported that Friedman & Co.
have volunteered to furnish the decora
tions and furniture for the booth.
On Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday
evenings the ladies of the commandery
will entertain their Masonic visitors with
a social. A cash register was donated to
the ladles yesterday to assist them In
keeping account of the large number of
sales they expect to make. They have de
cided to use the Zlngari colors in the
Gypsy costumes they will assume dur
ing the fetp.
A $10tM) donation was received by the
committee yesterday from the California
Chapter, R. A. M. This is the second
donation made by it. the first being $500.
The Alameda ladies showed their inter
est in the festival by attending the bene
fit given at the Masonic Temple last
night. Patriotic airs were sung by a
chorus of fifty voices with great effect.
The proceeds of the entertainment will be
given to the home.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co.'s generous
offer of the use of the Baldwin for a bene
fit performance was gratefully received,
and it is very probable one will be given.
C. C. Bemis "promises to secure a number
of ladies who will sell tickets for the oc
casion.
Further offers wer,e received from the
California Musograph Company and
Hoefer, Melnken & Barch of New York.
The former company will have a number
of their peculiar music devices on ex
hibition, while the New York firm has
donated all the wall paper which the
Entertainment Committee deems neces
sary. A large dry goods house has stated
Its willingness to let the committee have
bunting to be used in the decoration of
booths at cost.
Republicans to Confer.
There will be a large gathering of
prominent j...eput)iieans at the Union
league Club to-morrow evening for the
purpose of conferring upon business relat
ing to the convention of Republican clubs
which is to be held in this city on the 31st
of this month.
Colonel George Stone, as a member of
the National Committee and Republican
clubs, has issued the call. A convention
committee will be chosen and matters of
the greatest importance will be presented
for consideration.
Death of a Veteran.
Corporal John Feix, First Infantry, N.
G. C, died in this city May 3. He was
one of the oldest members of the organi
zation. In 1872 he enlisted in the guard
and maintained his membership until his
death He was a veteran of two wars —
the Mexican war and the war for the
preservation of the Union. He was born
In 1527, and was therefore seventy-one
years of age.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
ADVERTISEMENTS. , . _ { __
• 0000 00 0000000 00 6 000 000 0000 00000000
[." WEATHER REPORT— Fair, to-
j a day, except partly cloudy in : fore-
' . noon; brisk westerly wind.
> Concert on Saturday 2 to 8 by
I Bruck's Boston Orchestra.
. tf**^ 4 • We ciose at 6 every day, including
"W" gt "W" "&" 4 i^Bk /ff^Ot Saturday. Ladies' Parlor now open.
11l 5 [nag Tickets for Masonic Festival on sale.
> .Six brothers celebrate their sixth
► *. year.this week — six years in same
> . -;•/.; spot,, but six stores now — Hale's
• jf^. /f** 4~^ itf~"> id JtT^. t&^i ■ huge series of stores are typical of
•ill I dPS^&iill P^gress.
• VVVU CJ ■VT I ■ ''Spot cash - policy victorious.
t
• To-day, Thursday, we see the fourth day of our sixth "birth-:
1 day week." We celebrate to-day in a fitting manner by placing
1 on sale
100 Dozen Pairs Ladies' Gloves !
at a price way below actual market value. We do this with the
one object of clearing them out, and to move them quickly wo
put a tempting price on them.
Some sizes and colors are missing, but the prices quoted will
naturally mean a heavy demand for these Gloves, for which
reason we would notify our patrons that, time permitting, we will
as usual fit these Gloves to the hand. It is a striking fact that
twenty steps from a Market-street car into Hale's
WILL SAVE YOU TWENTY PER CENT.
GREAT GLOVE SALE !
BIARRITZ 62 dozen pairs Ladies' and Misses' Biarritz Kid Gloves; colors,
r*i nVF«J black, gray, brown, navy; sizes 6%, 5%, 6, 6%, "6%, 7. 7%, 7%; regu-
ULUVCO) larly Soc per pair, (for reason stated)
59c - 59c to Clear.
VARIOUS 50 dozen pairs Chamois. Castor, Lamb, Do^sßln, 4 and 8-button
PI nVF*S lengths; glace kid; Ladles' Kid Gauntlet and Misses' 4-button and
jL **-' VI C *' Mousquetalre. Sizes and colors incomplete, quality perfect. A few
65c. Ladies' 4-button White Kids, colored stitching; sizes, 5V4, to 6%;
various qualities, prices from $1 25 to 85c pair. For reason stated, special to
clear
65c Pair.
FRENCH 195 dozen pairs various highest grade gloves as follows: 3-closp
a nvFC embroidered back Kid Gloves In brown, tan, mode, slate, blue,
rJ^'ereen, white, pearl and black; sizes, 5%, 5%, 6, 6Vi, 614, 6%, and 7;
c»Oc. Ladies" 8-button Mousquetaire. plain back, sizes 5%. s?i, t5, 6Vi 6^4,
6%, 7; 8-button Suede Mousquetalre in following celebrated makes: Trefousse,
Hte. Jouvin, Taunton; colors, brown, tan, mode, slate, blue, green, red, pearl;
sizes oft, s\. 6, 6*4. 6^, G?4; regularly worth and sold by Hale's at $1 50 to $2 25.
But for reasons stated, to be cleared out at
90c Pair.
For Vacation Time.
SKIRTS. Ladies' Black Skirt In figured alpaca, lined with percallne an«s
«to t\r\ bound with velvet; all sizes and lengths; good item for vacation
ciftJ?' outfit
$1 00 $2.00.
Ladies' Underskirt In fast black sateen, three shirred ruffles around bottom.
(Mail orders promptly filled). ' •
$1.00.
SEE OUR SEPARATE SKIRTS.
SHIRT Ladles' Fine Percale Shirt Waists, laundered, turn-down collar
WAISTS and laundered cuffs, yoke back, light and dark colors; sizes 32 to
50c * 4 50c.
P4NQ'Y There's a happy combination now in Waist — the Fany Belt — It's a
ri=it« triple alliance of Dames Fashion, Summer and Comfort. "We
CLLIOi show lizard, fancy leather, white kid belts at
50c.
■Roman Jeweled Belts and Girdles In gold and gun metal, In various designs,
and consequently different prices
$1.00 to $3.75.
See Our New Lawns— New Dimities — New Organdies — New Swisses.
937 = 939 = = 943 = 945 947 Market Street.
3-Day Specials !
No economical house-
keeper should miss
them.
BUTTER, square..... 35c
Choice creamery.
PICKLED FIGS, pint jar. . . . . .25c
Prepared in sweet pickle
and are superbly delicious. .
CLARET, gallon ....... . . .40c
Well aged, full flavor.
No extra charge for bottling.
Regular ' price 75c.
TEAS, 35c....... 3 lbs $1.00
REGULAR PRICE 50c. ■
Oolong. English Breakfast, Japan,
Assam. Ceylon. Gunpowder and
Family Mixed.
McBRAYER WHISKEY, qt.bot. .90c
Bottled in bond under supervision
of U. S. ■; Government.
Regular $125. -::.__
21 STOCKTON ST., j 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. , Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152. .
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders. .'
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. DONALD,
Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
Yrt RD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
■ . Corner Beole Street. '
OFFICE— BI3 FOLSOM STREET.
g?F3 DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
DkHT^KS Five hundred reward for any case
Kf* Btß we cannot cure. This secret remedy
3 • ■ stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
■I REX? Emissions, Impotency, V'arlcocele.
fPfR RPff Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
lIbMI ' ; Ili i Lost Manhood and all -.wasting ef-
M Hsß ferts of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■^■waBB sealed, $2 -bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. I Address HALL' S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. ■ Cal. Aliio
; for , sale at :. 10T3^ Market St.. •S. F. All ; pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
J» 22 ?; 22 2* Si S2 Zi ?s 52 22 22 S2 22 82 8 »
a ss
85 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. gj
i; ' II mil ■ill ■in IMm .'^ 2*
85 S
•* ' THIS WEEK A $10.00 REFRIOER- *^
88 ATOK FOR 86.00 83
2S These Refrigerators are hard-wood— 88
of finished In Antique-lined throughout gj
*° with zinc- solid bronze trimmings— baJl-
88 bearing casters. Every Refrigerator gj
p. guaranteed. gg
■«1 J. NOON AN, «
*, Complete House-Furnisher,
S 1017-1023 Mission Street, «
•^ Above Sixth. „
•° Phone South 14. Open Evenings. *°
% tS 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 SSg
00000 00000000000
Ith-?I th -? PALACE *^%
%GRAND HOTE >-J %
" SAN FRANCISCO. q
" ronne-jnu uy .■ covered pan!>asreway. " _
, ° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. Jf
O USDER OVB MASAOEJU'^ O
I O NOTE THE PRI0B3: , O
O European Plan. »l.OO per day and upward <\
American Plan. s*3. OO per day and upward **
: O Corre»P"nd«*net- Solicited. ' O
Q JOHN C. KIKKPATSICK, Manager. O
QOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOO
lEOIIMIS
te HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- |Q
1 Colored , Bpota, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
(HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- A
Colored bpoia, Achos, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
in Mouth, Hair-Failm;? 1 Write COOK KE.M-1
i EDY C 0. ,-213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CUI-B
* CAGO. , ILL., - for proofs of cures. Capital ■
am toOO.OOO. - ■ -Worst cases cured in la to 35 daya m
! ■ 100-page boot free. :'' ',' ' ■ " ■ .' : ■'■ ■
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.br POWDER
i ?arU,J.ESPIC; New York, E. OCR A & CO.
-"•• ■■•■■ v SOU) BY ALL DRUGGIST 3 ; ; s ;.