VOLUME LXXXY.-JsO. 7.
FIRE FIEND WOULD DESTROY
THE OCEAN BEACH PAVILION
The Massive Structure Saved
by the Timely Appearance
of Watchman Wilkins.
Officials of both the Police and the
Fire departments axe investigating a
case of incendiarism that gives promise
of sensational developments. The
great Ocean House Pavilion, at the
foot of the hill leading to the Cliff
House, ■was found on fire at an early
hour yesterday morning, and every
Indication points to the fact that it was
fired by an ex-employe of Henry
Doscher, the proprietor. The building
covers a great area, and. being built
of the most Inflammable material,
-would prove easy prey to the fire king
if that consuming element once secured
the mastery. Whittlings of wood and
rags saturated with coal oil show how
desperate was the incendiary. Revenge
Is supposed to have actuated the man
to destroy property and endanger
many lives.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday
morning W. T. Wilkins, night watch
man at the Cliff House, was making
his customary rounds of the great
building. He had been through the
stablys, the kitchen and other portions
of the establishment, and stepped out
on the main veranda. A~ ne did so
his attention was attracted by a great
blaze to the southward. One glance
was sufficient to show him that the
n House Pavilion was in flames.
Without a moment's hesitation he
started off at top speed for the scene
of the conflagration. Although Mr.
her, the proprietor, was sleeping
in the adjoining building, the Seal Rock
•■, neither he nor his wife nor ser
vants had been • awakened by the
• 'ing timbers. Mr. Wllkins was
the first on the spot.
H is iirst thought was for the persons
p in the pavilion and adjoining
houses, and he made a great outcry to
awakes them. Startled out of their
sleep, they appeared on the scene in all
Stages of hes-habille.
It was but the work of a moment to
organize an amateur fire department,
its v was readily seen that before an
alarm could be turned in for the near
:«ine in Richmond District the
building would be but a mass of smok
ing ruins. A bucket brigade was first
organized, but this did not prove effec
tive. "Billy" Geishen, bartender of the
Rock House, bethought himself of
a stout garden hose and soon had this
attached to a near-by standpipe. The
tire had been started at the corner of
the building, on the main road, near
the terminus of the Park and Ocean
Railway, and the flames were mount
ing up high. Mr. "Wilkins and Mr.
Geishen took the hose and practically
fought their way through the flames
that were bursting out from under the
building. Once under there they di
rected the water on the seat of the
trouble and soon had it under control.
The smoke and heat were stifling, and
several times they were nearly over
come. It was nearly daylight when the
fire was finally extinguished, and then
the cause was investigated. The work
of the dastardly incendiary was evident
on every hand. In addition to the
heavy fumes of coal oil, with which
the atmosphere seemed charged, there
was a hint of pitch pine about.
The investigators soon found more
material evidence of the work of the
incendiary. First to attract their at
tention was a heap of wood shavings
which some one had apparently
whittled out on the spot from some
pieces of soft wood. Mixed with these
was a lot of old rags, all redolent of the
odor of coal oil. The would-be incen
diary had planned his vicious deed
well, and it was only the elements
which saved the great building from
total destruction. Not a breath of air
was stirring to fan the flames started
with such malicious intent. Had they
pr-rured any headway no power avail
able would have stopped them until
they had laid waste the building and
those adjoining it. The match had
been cunningly applied, at the corner
where the flames would have had a
full sweep of the great structure, and
where they would have left nothing but
■ few burning embers to mark the
havoc they had wrought. The building,
whirh is partly insured, is the property
of A. P. Hotaling & Co., and is leased
by Mr. Doscher. He has a small
amount of insurance on his property in
th<-> pavilion.
Mr. Doscher is convinced that he can
his hand on the man who applied
the torch to his property. He was in a
highly nervous state yesterday after
liis experiences of the early morning
hours, saying: "I am satisfied I havean
enemy who has determined to take des
perate chances to break me up in busi
!.<-ss. The man I have in mind w.us
recently discharged by me. and when
hi- left he swore he would do some
tl.ng desperate to injure me. I thought
his threats were merely idle words, but
I soon saw he intended to carry them
into effect. The first evidence of his
enmity was shown on Sunday when the
pet bvar which I have had for a lone
time was found dead in its house. It
had been poisoned during the night.
I am not going to take any more
chances and have employed a watch
man, who has instructions to deal harsh
ly with any suspicious characters he
may see prowling about the place."
Mr. Doscher was so much disturbed
by the exciting scenes through which
ho had passed that so soon as he could
place his business affairs in order he
went away .to the country, where he
could rest in seclusion and cjuietness.
W. T. Wilkins, night watchman at
tht. Cliff House, was the hero of the
I
The San Francisco Call
THE OCEAN HOUSE PAVILION SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION.
occasion. He is a cousin of Manager
Wilkins, of the world famous hostelry
on the edge of the ocean. "I had made
my customary rounds of the Cliff
House," he said yesterday. "and
stepped out on the southern balcony.
As I did so my attention was at once
attracted by a bright light at a corner
of the Ocean House Pavilion. One
glance was sufficient to tell me that the
place was on fire, and I ran as fast as
I could down the hill to render what
ever assistance I could. My first
thought was to turn in an alarm, but
it was evident from the start the fire
had made that it could burn the build
ing down in a few minutes: certainly
long before the firemen could hope to
arrive. There was not a soul about
when I reached the *./ene, so I at once
awakened Mr. Doscher and his wife,
the barkeepers and all the men about
the place. We first started to fight the
fire with buckets, and then 'Billy'
Geishen secured a garden hose and we
went at it with that. The two of us
went in under the porch through the
smoke and thus got at the seat of the
fire. There was a strong smell of coal
oil and something that smelled like
pitch. After we put the fire out we
found rags and whittlings of wood all
saturated with oil at the place where
the fire started. It was fortunate that
no wind was blowing, as had there
been any the pavilion would have been
wiped out of existence, as nothing we
could have done with the appliances at
hand could have checked it."
The building, with its great organ,
is well known to all persons who have
ever visited the Ocean Beach. It is a
popular place for dancing parties fre
quented by people of a certain class.
It has also gained renown as the head
quarters of Tom Sharkey whenever he
is preparing for a ring engagement in
this city. Here he had his gymnasium,
and from the door nearest where this
fire originated he used to sally forth
twice a day, clothed in his faded bath
robe, for a swim out in the breakers,
which often roll mountains high and
sound like thunder as they break on
the sandy beach.
The authorities expect to apprehend
the fire fiend, and will deal with him
in a summary manner.
JOINT GUARDIANS
OF THE CANAL
America to Act With
England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: The Senate committee on
the Nicaraguan canal will add to
the canal bill now pending a provision
intended to bring about a treaty with
Great Britain for a joint guaranty of
the neutrality of the canal. This pro
vision is embodied in an amendment
which has been prepared by Senator
SAX FRAXCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
Harris of Kansas, who is one of the
closest students of problems relating to
to the construction of the canal, as well
as one of the most earnest supporters
of the canal project in Congress.
The Senate committee, of which
Senator Morgan is chairman, will meet
to-morrow to consider this amendment,
as well as to formulate a supplemental
report concerning the new concession
which was granted by Nicaragua dur
ing the recess of Congress. At this
meeting the plans of the friends of the
canal will probably take shape. The
fact that the report of the commission
of which Admiral Walker is chairman
will not be ready before about January
1 is regarded by Senator Morgan and
other strong supporters of the canal as
unfortunate, and it is feared that the
result of this delay, taken in connec
tion with a desire of Republican leaders
to confine this session to absolutely
necessary matters, will be that the
canal will have to go over to the new
Congress.
The Harris amendment will authorize
the President to negotiate a treaty
agreement with Great Britain for a
joint guaranty of the permanent neu
trality of the canal.
It is designed to meet the English ob
jections that the plans of Congress for
American construction and control fly
in the teeth of the expressed terms of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
The failure of the President to make
any mention in his message of the ex
istence of that treaty has called forth
a note of criticism from London news
papers, particularly those which are re
garded as representing the views of the
British Govemmf-nt. The President's
failure to refer to the treaty is con
strued as an encouragement to Con
gress to go ahead without any refer
ence to the terms of that document
which Great Britain contends are and
ought to be still in force. The Ameri
can contention has. of course, been that
Great Britain's violation of the terms
of that treaty have been such as t<^ give
this Government full warrant in going
ahead with the construction of the
canal without any reference to its pro
visions.
It is Senator Harris* idea, and Sen
ator Morgan agrees with him, that the
simplest way to prevent any misunder
standing is to authorize the President
to make an agreement of the kind con
templated by the Rmendment.
LOS ANGELENOS TO
BOOM THE CANAL
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— At the
Chamber of Commerce in this city to
day a meeting of prominent business
men was held to map out a plan of ac
tion for the booming of the building of
the Nicaragua canal. It was decided to
send a number of workers to Washing
ton to carry on a campaign for the
canal there. Another* meeting to select
the men to represent this section in
Washington was called for next week.
GERMANY WILL GET
NONE OF THE CAROLINES
BERLIN, Dec. 6.— The Deutschwarte
says it learns on high authority that
Germany will not acquire any of the
Caroline Islands.
CRAWLS FOR HOURS
ON HIS STOMACH
Wounded Man Covers Two and One-
Half Miles Before He Finds
Assistance.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 6.— With his left
kneecap shot away and his leg mangled,
Frank Miller, a prominent young farmer
of Sacramento, crawled on the flat of his
stomach a distance of two and a half
miles over the Yolo basin this morning,
and, summoning all the strength he had
remaining in him, waved his hat above aia
prostrate borly and cried aloud for help.
His appeals were heard by a teamster in
the distance, who llft'd him Into his
wagon and brought him to the Receiving
Hospital at Saeramentr for treatment.
Miller, who has lived n Yolo County all
his life, started from his farm at an early
hour this morning to collect some bills in
Sacramento. He placed a loaded shot
gun in the wagon. When about four miles
from Davisville, driving along an aban
doned road, Miller's wagon struck a
bowlder and turned over, throwing out
himself and the gun. In striking the
ground the gun was discharged, the en
tire charge entering Miller's left thigh and
shattering his kneecap into splinters.
Miller lay helpless on the ground in the
bitter cold waiting for some passer-by,
and, none coming, he snatched at clumps
of grass ahead of him and drew his body
along over a tortuous stretch of two and
a half miles until rescued in the manner
described.
Surgeons were at once called to his as
sistance when he was brought to the Re
ceiving Hospital, and, while he will oe
crippled for life, it is thought his leg may
be saved from amputation.
POWELL CLAYTON 13
EMBASSADOR TO MEXICO
Elevation of His Bank Follows the
Action of Mexico in Promoting
Its Representanves.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to Congress the nomin
nation of Powell Clayton of Arkansas, to
be Embassador to Mexico.
Senor Komero, the former Mexican
Minister, having been raised to the rank
of an Embassador, Mr. Clayton's promo
tion follows, under an act of Congress.
Ihe President also sent to the Senate
a number of appointments made during
the recess. They include those of Secre
tary Hay, Assistant Secretary of State
- LAST OF THE AMERICAN SHIP WILLIAM H. STARBUCK.
BLAZED LIKE A TORCH IN
THE MIDST OF THE OCEAN
Hill, the Hawaiian Commission, the
Paris Commission and a number of con
suls.
GILLETT IN CHIHTJAHUA.
Has Not Been Arrested and Is Not
Likely to Be.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 6.— A special to
the News from El Paso, Texas, says: A
private dispatch from Chihuahua con
firms the report that Grant C. Gillett, the
cattle plunger, is in that city. He has not
been arrested, according to the dispatch,
and is not likely to be. Shaeffer of Kansas
City and a Pinkerton detective arrived in
Chihuahua yesterday in quest of Gil
lett. They have a warrant for his arrest
for obtaining money under false pre-
tenses, but persons familiar with the ex
tradition treaties say mat the Mexican
Government will not surrender Gillett,
similar cases having frequently arisen in
the past. It is believed that Shaeffer will
endeavor to coerce or persuade Gillett to
settle with him.
Total Loss by Fire of the
Lumber Laden Ship
W. H. Starbuck.
Another marine disaster has to be re
corded. The American ship "William A.
Starbuck while on her way from Port
Blakeley for South Africa caught fire
and was burned to the water's edge.
The captain, his wife and three children
and some of the crew escaped in the
boats and reached Hawaii, but the sec
ond mate, steward and four sailors are
missing. The cook was drowned.
A passenger who arrived on the
steamer Australia from Honolulu yes
terday told the following story of the
disaster:
"Captain McDonald was fairly well
when I saw him on the island of Maui
last month, but Mrs. McDonald was
prostrated by what she had gone
through, and it will be a long time be
fore she will be well again. The chil
dren bore the exposure well and
seemed to be none the worse for their
trip of twenty days in an open boat.
"The William H. Starbuck was load
ed by Renton, Holmes & Co. at Port
Blakeley, and she sailed for Cape Town
on October 15. She had aboard 1,012,585
feet of pine and redwood lumber and a
great number of doors and windows.
All went well until early in the night of
November 5. At 10 p. m. a flre was dis
covered in the forepeak and all hands
wgre called. A cursory examination
showed that all on board were in a
precarious position. The only way in
which the seat of the flre could be
reached was by the small hatch over the
chain locker, and the water that could
be passed in that way only seemed to
make the flre burn more fiercely.
"The captain and his officers held a
brief consultation and it was decided to
jettison some of the deck load in order
to reach the fore hatch. Over 30,000
feet of lumber was thrown overboard,
and about 3 a. m. the fore hatch was
clear and the covering raised. In a
moment the flames burst up as high as
f!i<i forelopo'iiliu.nt mast, and some of
the crew had to jump overboard to save
themselves from being burned. Lines
were thrown to them and they easily
scrambled aboard again. A glance
showed that the interior of the ship was
a raging mass of fire, so the captain or
dered everybody into the boats. Three
of the boats were provisioned and
launched, the captain in command of
one, the first mate of another and the
second mate of the third.
"The three boats stayed by the burn
ing ship all of the 6th and all that
night. The morning of the 7th she was
burned to the water's edge, so the boats
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
came together and another consultation
was held. The question to be decided
was, should the boats remain in the
track of passing ships and take the
chances of being picked up, or should
they make for Hawaii, 2000 miles away.
Owing to the limited supply of water it
was decided to try to reach Hawaii.
"The only boat that had a compass
and navigating instruments was the
captain's, so the other two had to fol
low him as closely as possible. After
three days of fine weather a storm
came up and blew very hard during
the night. The next morning the third
boat, containing the second mate, stew
ard and four sailors, was missing and
was not seen again. When the ship
wrecked men in the two remaining
boats were twelve days on their way to
Hawaii another storm came up and
the mate's boat capsized. The cook was
hurt in the accident and sank before
help could reach him. The mate's craft
was now damaged and useless, so the
captain had to take him and his crew
into his boat. In order to do so nearly
all the provisions and stuff in the cap
tain's boat had to be thrown overboard
to make room for the men.
"Everybody was then placed on short
allowance and for eight days Captain
McDonald, his wife and three children
and the nine members of the crew knew
what starvation diet meant. Finally
they made the island of Maui and land
ed at Hookeua, where they were hos
pitably received and everything possi
ble was done for their comfort.
"The ship was burned in latitude 13.10
north, 131 west. No one knows what
started the fire. The men lost all their
effects and had nothing but what they
stood in when they landed at Hookeua.
Captain McDonald and his family will
probably come up from Honolulu on
the next steamer."
The agents for tke William H. Star
bucfc in San Francisco were the firm of
Hind, Holph & Co. From Cape Town
she was to have gone to Newcastle, N.
S. W., in ballast, thence to Kahului
with a load of coal, and thence to New
York with a load of sugar. She was
1272 tons net burden and was built in
1882 by Goss, Sawyer & Packard of
Bath Maine. She was 194:1 feet long, 39
feet broad and 24:3 feet deep. She was
owned by the "Sailing Ship William H.
Starbuck Company."
The news of the loss of the Starbuck
reached Honolulu by the steamer Mau
na Loa the day the Australia sailed for
San Francisco.2
OUTLINE OF THE GOVERNMENT
FOR THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
RECOMMENDATIONS
OF COMMISSION
New Offices Created and
Others Abolished.
CITIZENSHIP IS DEFINED
/
QUALIFICATIONS FIXED FOR
VOTERS.
Precautions Taken to Prevent the
Evils of Coolie and Contract
Labor in the New
Territory.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The
President to-day transmitted
to Congress the report of the
Hawaiian Commission, con
sisting of Senators Cullomand
Morgan, Representative Hitt. President
Dole and Judge Frear of Hawaii, to
gether with the text of the bills drawn
by the commission for the government
of the islands as a portion of the United
States.
The preliminary portion of the report
is mainly descriptive of the Hawaiian
Islands, the inhabitants, the existing
Institutions, the public domain, produc
tion, climate, harbors and shipping fa
cilities, and various conditions of gen
eral interest. The remaining portion is
mainly devoted to the discussion of the
legislation proposed by the commission,
giving in the appendix the various re
ports of sub-committees and copies of
the bills suggested.
Three bills are formulated for the
considi- 'ion of Congress. The first and
principal one outlines a general plan of
government, and the other two deal
with subordinate questions. Of the
main bill the commissioners express the
opinion that it will prove to be "such a
measure f the government of the Ha
waiian Isla- as will best promote the
interests of their people at the same
time that it promotes the interests and
maintains the sovereignty of the peo
ple of the United States."
It provides for the erection of the isl
ands into a territory of the United
States, to be styled the Territory of
Hawaii. The bill contains provisions
for the government of the Territory,
giving it executive, legislative and ju
dicial officers. A Governor, Secretary
of the Territory, a United States Dis
trict Judge, a " nited States District At
torney and a Unled States Marshal are
to be appointed by the President, and
an internal revenue district and a cus
toms district are created.
The offices of President, Ministers of
Foreign Affairs, Finance and Public
Instruction, Auditor General, Deputy
Auditor General, Surveyor General and
Marshal are abolished. The officers of
the Territory under the new regime are
an Attorney General, with similar pow
er and duties as now possessed by the
Attorney General of th' republic of Ha
waii, with a few exceptions; a Treasur
er, with similar powers and duties to
the present Minister of Finance, and
such powers and duties regarding
licenses, corporations and companies
and partnerships and registration of
prints, labels and trademarks as are
now possessed by the Minister of the
Interior, except as changed; also a
Superintendent of Public Works, a
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
an Auditor and a Deputy Auditor, a
Surveyor with the powers and duties
of a Surveyor General, and a Chief
Sheriff, to succeed to the duties of
Marshal of the republic, all to be ap
pointed by the Governor.
Probably the most important portion
of the bill is section 4, defining citizen
ship, which provides that "all white
persons, including Portuguese and per
sons of African descent, and all persons
descending from the Hawaiian race on
either the paternal or maternal side,
who were citizens of the republic of
Hawaii immediately prior to the trans
fer of sovereignty thereof to the United
States, are hereby declared to be citi
zens of the United States."
Provision is made for a Legislature to
consist of two houses, a Senate to con
sist of fifteen members, as at present,
and a House of Representatives, con
sisting of thirty members, double the
membership of the House under the
Hawaiian republic. The members are
to be elected at a general election to be
held on the Tuesday after the first
Monday in November, 1899, and bien
nially thereafter. The Supreme Court
is to be the sole judge of the legality
of election to a seat in either house in
case of contest. No member of the
Legislature is to be eligible for appoint
ment or election to any office of the
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Handsome
Carlsbad China
Green, red and blue, gold
borders with historical head
centers
Tea, Cake, Bread and Butter
Plates, Tea, Coffee, Choc-
olate and Moustache
Cups, Sugars, Pudding
and Cream Sets, Fruit
Saucers, Powder Boxes,
Pin and Pen Trays, and
everything that's orna-
mental ■
Attractive prices
. Great America n Co.
661 Market. e?.Fowtll 705 Lorkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
£181 8 1 bird >t. 1819 De visadero St.
60fl itearny St. 2008 Fill mo re St.
146 .Vint a St. ... 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mlssln St. . 1190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
. Oakland; stores; j^U;
1 003 Washington*^- 131 San Pablo Are.;
H7Brondwaj. " 618 Ii Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
EDA— I3S3 Park St. *
, SAW RAFAEL— n St.. U9UT Fourth,
[ Writ* for Catalogue.
MEMBERS OF THE HAWAIIAN COMMISSION.
Territory, and no officer or employe, no
tary public or agent of the Territory is
to be eligible to election as a legislator.
There is also a provision that no per
son who, having been entitled to qual
ify and vote prior to October, 1897, and
since July, 1894, failed to register as
such voter, shall have a vote, unless he
shall take an oath to support the con
stitution of the United States. The ses
sions of the Legislature are limited to
sixty days in duration, and each mem
ber is allowed $400 as a salary and 10
cents a mile for traveling expenses.
A Senator is required to be a male
citizen of the T "nited States, 30 years of
age, to have resided in the territory
three years, to be the owner in his owe
right of $2000 worth of property, or vo
have during the preceding y-ar re
ceived $1000 income. Representatives
must be 25 years old, male citizens,
must have lived three years in Hawaii
and must own property or have an in
come of $250 a year.
Voters for Representatives are re
quired to be male citizens, 21 years old
and of one year's residence in the ter
ritory, to have registered, to have paid
all taxes due the Government and to be
able "understandlngly to speak, read
and write the English or Hawaiian
language."
To be qualified to vote for Senators a
person must possess all these qualifica
tions and be subject to all the condi
tions required of voters for Represen
tatives, and, in addition, must own in
his own right real property worth $1000
upon which valuation legal taxes shall
have been paid for the year preceding
that in which he offers to register or he
must have actually received a money
income of not less than $600 during the
previous year.
Five registration districts are pro
vided and the Governor of the Terri
tory is authorized to appoint registra
tion boards with the advice of the Sen
ate.
The bill also provides for the election
of a delegate to the House of Represen
tatives in Congress by the voters quali
fied to vote for representatives in the
Legislature, this delegate to possess
the same powers and privileges now
accorded to other delegates in Congress.
The Governor is to appoint a Chief
Justice and two Associate Justices of
the Supreme Court, the Judees of the
Circuit Court, the members of the
Board of Health, Commissioners of
Public Instruction, Prison Inspectors,
Boards of Registration, Inspectors of
Election and other public boards that
may be created by law and all officers
whose salaries exceed $2000 per annum.
Other provisions of the bill are as fol
lows:
The Governor is to possess the veto
power, but his veto may be overridden
by a two-thirds vote of both houses of
the Legislature.
The Legislature is authorized to
create town, city or county municipali
ties. -." • r . j
Foreign roods and articles imported
into the islands after July 7, 1898. are.
if afterward brought into the United
States, to pay the same duties charged
upon like articles when imported from
any foreign country. The existing
laws of Hawaii, not inconsistent with
the constitution and laws of the United
States or this act, continue in force,
subject to repeal or amendment by
the Legislature of Hawaii or by Con
gress.
The laws of Hawaii relating to pub
lic or private lands continue in force
until changed by Congress, but no
leases of agricultural lands are to be
granted, sold or renewed for a longer
term than five years, unless Congress
shall direct.
This is the usual provision found in
the acts of Congress providing for the
establishment of Territorial govern
ments in the United States, but the
Commissioners regard the provision aa
exceptionally important in this bill for
many reasons, among which they men
tion the continued Importation of Chin
ese labor into Hawaii. Remarking on
this point they say: "It has been the
policy of the government of Hawaii,
before and since the establishment of
the republic, to import men under labor
contracts for a term of "ears at the ex
piration of which they are to return to
the countries from which they came.
Those brought in are mainly from Chi
na and Japan. Since the act of Con
gress annexing Hawaii was passed pro
hibiting Chinese immigration, Ha
waiian sugar planters have seemed to
be making an unusual effort in securing
the importation of Japanese laborem,
fearing trouble and embarrassment on
account of Jnsu "lent labor for the
care and carrying on of their sugar
plantations. Of course, it becomes
necessary to extend our labor laws
over the islands, so i to prohibit all
kinds of foreign contract labor from
coming to the territory, first, because it
is the policy of this country to keep out
all kinds of cheap foreign labor, includ
ing coolie labor, and thereby prevent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
ing such labor from interfering with
the wages of American labor, and sec
ondly, to protect our manufactured
products from competition with manu
factured goods produced by cheap alien
labor. The general laws of the United
States will place the people of the Ter
ritory on the same footing as the people
of the States and other Territories of
the United States in regard to foreign
labor.
"The question whether white labor
can profitably be used in the susrar
plantations is yet a problem, but the
planters are preparing to give such '&
bor a trial and some of thorn believe
it will prove superior to the labor of
either Chinese or Japanese.'
The Commissioners take pains to ex
press their united opinion that die plan
outlined for the government of Ha
waii cannot be regarded as a prece
dent for Porto Rico and the Fnilip
pines, saying on this point: "Much has
been said to the effect that the policy
of the scheme of government for the
Hawaiian Islands will be taken anl ac
cepted as an index or precedent to be
followed In the plan of government for
Porto Rico and the Philippines. In
view of this apparent expectation or
belief on the part of many good people
in the United States, the commission
deems it proper to say that the people cf
Hawaii are capable of self-government
and have proven this by the establish
ment of the republic of Hawaii and the
adoption of a constitution and a code of
laws which would compare favorably
with those of any other government,
and under such constitution and laws
have maintained a stable government
for several years worthy of a free peo
ple. The people of these Islands are
more or less familiar with the institu
tions and laws of the United States,
while the laws of the little republic
are largely taken .from the laws of
this country. It cannot be said that
either the Porto Rlcans or the Fili
pinos are at all familiar with our sys
tem of government or with any other
based on the principles of liberty. The
underlying theory of our government
is the right of self-government and a
people must be fitted for self-govern
ment before they can be trusted with
responsibilites and duties attaching to
free government." These remarks are
made to negative the Idea that because
the people of the Hawaiian Islands
cdn, in the Judgment of the commis
sion, be consistently given self-govern
ment to an extent almost equal to that
given the people in the Stales, it can be
safely Inferred that other Insular pos
sessions which the United States has
acquired or may acquire by treaty
with Spain can be granted equal free
dom in government.
The report is unanimous except on
one point, on which President Dole
makes a minority recommendation.
This recommendatio is for a board of
advisers to the Governor of the Ter
ritory, and he recommends that the
Treasurer, Attorney General, Superin
tendent of Public Works, and Commis
sioner of Public Lunds shall be con
stituted special counselors of the Gov
ernor, to be consulted by him concern
ing all matters of public policy.
Mr. Dole gives as his reason for this
recommendation the fear that without
some such provision the Governor may
arrogate to himself greater power than
is contemplated.
The weight of the objection will be
better understood in view of the recom
mendation of the Commissioners that
the Legislature shall hold regular ses
sions but once in two years as hereto
fore, which circumstance would furnish
the Governor with the opportunity, if
he should choose to seize it, of remov
ing any or all the heads of departments
immediately after the termination of
the regular session o" the Legislature
and filling their places with persons
whose positions would be valid until
the next session of the Senate, which
might not occur for nearly two years.
The majority in their report express
the opinion that the precaution is not
necessary, saying that "the history of
Territories of the United States, cov
ering many years of experience, has
not, in the opinion of the commission,
shown a necessity for the creation of
any number of advisers."
Of the other two bills, one relates to
Hawaiian Bilver and the treasury note*
and the other to postal savings banka
in Hawaii. The first provides that un
mutilated Hawaiian silver coins shall
be received at par value in payment of
all dues to the Government of Hawaii
and the United States, and shall not
again be issued, but shall, on presenta
tion in sums of $500 to either Govern
ment, be purchased and recolned as
bullion at the United States Mint at
San Francisco. All Hawaiian silver
certificates are to be redeemed by Ha
waii on or before January 1. 1902.
The other is a bill which repeals the
Hawaiian laws establishing poßtal
savings banks, and directs the Secre
tary of the Treasury to pay the
amounts on deposit In the postal say
ings banks In Hawaii to the persons
entitled thereto, terminating the in
terest on all deposits on the Ist of July,
1899, and forbidding further deposits
after that date. The report contains
an inventory of the public property of
the republic, which now inures to the
United States, which is of an estimated
value of $10,418,740, distributed as fol
lows: Government public lands, $4,
147,700; Government lots, sites, etc., $1,
481.800; department property, $4,789,240.
The report gives considerable data
in regard to duties collected, showing
that under the Dingley bill the amount
would have been much greater than it
was. This comparison shows that the
collection for 1897, which was $548,483,
would have been under the American
law $902,706. The report recommends
the construction of a cable to the isl
ands, to be under the control of the
United States, which, it says, is de
manded by the military condition ex
isting or liable to exist at any time.
INDEPENDENCE
DAY TAMELY
CELEBRATED
Hawaiians No Longer
Interested.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Nov. 29.— Yesterday
was Hawaiian Independence day, the
anniversary of the signing of the joint
declaration of Great Britain and
France on November 28, 1843, recogniz
ing the independence of Hawaii as a
sovereign state and agreeing never to
take possession, either directly or under
the title of a protectorate or under any
other form of any part of the territory
of which it was composed. It wag the
final act by which the Hawaiian king
dom was admitted within the pale of
civilized nations. Hitherto It has been
a great day of rejoicing with the Ha
waiianß, but this year it waa only the
formal fact of a national holiday by an
act of the Legislature of 1896, and while
all Government offices were closed and
the Government band played there was
no observance on the part of the peo
ple except by a few moonlight sere
naders in search of reward. The Amer
ican Thanksgiving, day has replaced
the day and the absurdity of an an
ADVERTISEMENT^
Dyspepsia
Good News for Those Who
Have This Disease.
It Comes From All Over the Land—
"Dyspepsia Is Cured."
It is a well known fact that Hood's
Sarsaparilla cures dyspepsia. It has
been curing it for years, it is curing it
to-day and it will continue to cure it
whenever it is given a fair and faithful
trial by those who s-ffer from this dis-
ease. Some of the cures indeed seem
wonderful, but when it is considered
that Hood's Sarsaparilla is a medicine
scientifically prepared by educated and
experienced pharmacists for the pur-
pose of curing dyspepsia and all stom-
ach troubles; when it is remembered
I that it has power to give strength to
the stomach and tone up the whole di-
gestive apparatus, its cures seem only
natural and logical. If you have dys-
pepsia and want to be cured take
iIOOO S parilla
America's Greatest Medicine. Sold by
all dealers in medicine. Price $1.
H(Md'< Pills ar « the only pills to take
uwus mis wlth Hoo(1 ' 9 §arsaparilla.
nexed country beingr Jubilant over a
past independence 1b universally recog
nized in the desire to accept changed
conditions.
Since my last report the following
soldiers have died:
CHARLES B. KENT, aged 25, Second
Oregon recruits; November 18.
J. SULLIVAN, aged 24, Alger Wyom
ing Light Artillery; November 21.
RAYMOND B. DAWES, aged 18,
Company C, Twentieth Kansas; No
vember 21.
ALBERT GALLASBY, aged 24, Com-
.'. :■ ■ •■' _;'/;,;/_; ADVERTISEMENTS. • ■ \.
5 » « » "si « jji^ia » » » » » « » « oj3 » £ £ £ i(i»»H» « »» «»»»<«»»«»»» «»» aasf^a »
* * ■•"■'■' * "*"*'" * '■ ' '■'"'■ '■ ' , ■ *•- ■ ■ _j__» _ -_^_^ ■' y<
c lEfiK^MSE^DEK^Bsß^Bl^lD^nS^^^^S^S^^v J^ k^^ -„ » j*j v Cl
Kirn 0 Of v9wm[9^m^^^^ 111 - I I Ejj3^^^^ r^^irKiCfri?w 1 .^^ I ?•%
- h * b^B™^ n. \ \ \^"^ mL— ■^BB^ r /m^v^ 1 o>E fcrjl 9^ ■// / i%
fl^K&^&ainwißlSSa^S^^^B ■BBBBSS^mH^ErjH^B^r / / 1 1 / r ■C}
An Enlarged \^^W %
Children's I
J\ — Iv i
Signalizing the great and rapid growth 6t our trade in — w SVS V
Children's Clothing, was opened Monday morning. It A\o\ /^'/^^^^^s. I c
Occupies just one-half of our entire second floor, and / N^f £^^^^\ «
is by long odds the largest and. finest department: de- ; I x\£~^^^ if \
Voted to Childen's Clothing: in the city. The appoint- I J^^^ fc 1 «
merits are tasty and in every way convenient for mothers In \) ===== // / )
•to shop in. ' The new department will be reached by ; p/ 1/ r / S
a new and safe elevator. _■;*. - _ z * w * i c"c "* 3 * »
E New Styles, INe\A/, Goods, °
lNe\A/ Styles, IVew Goods,
and prices that you will regard as low. «
{ NEW WINTER REEFER SUITS— For a small sum-say $3.50-we can } w
J please you and dress the little man in a way that will do your mother's heart good. J «
* Coats are double breasted, with large sailor collars. Blues, g^ "^ mW » ' '■ Q
* browns and subdued Scotch mixtures Ages 4to 15 years... Jm Z^ \_) ♦ j^
S. IN. WOOD & CO.i
* TlB AVarlcet Street, S. R. «
s » » « a»w» w pa a » )?»»»» »»»»»« » w » » » »» »» » » »###.»« ##»»## s »
pany H, First New York; November 21.
CHARLES GRAVES, aged 21, Com
pany C, Twentieth Kansas; Novem
ber 25.
B. M. BEARDSLEE, aged 21, Com
pany P, First New York; November 26.
ALFRED WELLER, aged 19, Com
pany I, First New "York; November 26.
E. A. BAILEY, aged 23, Company B,
First New York; November 26.
The transport Pennsylvania sailed for
Manila on the 16th, the City of Puebla
on the 17th and the Newport on the
19th. The vaty of St. Paul arrived on
the 26th, all well on board and will
probably sail this evening or to-mor
row.
The United States laws in regard to
Chinese immigration have been put into
practical effect by Commissioner
Joshua K. Brown and came into opera
tion for the first time on the arrival of
the Belgic. Hitherto, under the Ha
waiian law, return permits to return af
ter one year's absence have been grant
ed to Chinese laborers who have re
sided in the country p certain number
of years (it now is seven years), and no
further qualification was required. Mr.
Brown notified the Chinese Consul and
the Chinese bureau of the Foreign Of
fice that return permits could only be
granted under United States laws,
which require the laborer to be the
possessor of $1000 worth of property and
a family. j.'his disarranged all previous
arrangements, the notice being given
the very day the steamer was in port,
but matters have been satisfactorily ar
ranged by the return of the permit
money by the Government to those who
could not comply with the law. This
ruling will naturally have an effect on
the Chinese labor market for no laborer
can make $1000 out of his three years'
contract at $15 a month, with more than
half that amount expended for his rice
alone, and $36 is deducted for return
passage. The result will be either that
the men will remain in the country and
rehire, as they are doing, at higher
wages, from $18 to $20 a month, or else
they will leave the country for good
and all. If the restriction laws are as
faithfully administered in the future
as they have been in the past then
Chinese immigration to Hawaii has
practically ceased, for by the terms of
their contracts and the law nearly all
of which will expire within eighteen
months, the laborers must either work
at agricultural labor or leave the coun
try.
As regards Gallician laborers on
strike, it was ascertained that twenty
one of those who signed their contracts
in Austria were minors. Judge Wilcox
accordingly released them from their
contracts and they returned to the
plantation to work as day laborers.
They now want eight hours a day labor
Instead of the usual ten hours. The
other striking twenty-two were again
taken before the Police Judge for again
declining to work. They were sent to
jail at hard labor until they were will
ing to complete the terms of their con
tract and they are now working on the
roads and they claim that they prefer
this labor, with three good meals a day
and kind treatment under the jailer, to
plantation labor, and can afford to wait
for three or four months in the hope
that the United States will abolish con
tract labor entirely.
The engagement has been formally
announced of Major Davis, chief sur
geon of the United States Military Hos
pital here, to Mrs. Charles L. Carter,
the widow of the Mr. Carter who was
shot at Diamond Head at the opening
of the emeute of 1895, and who was one
of the most promising of our young
lawyers and local statesmen. The an
nouncement was made at a dinner at
which President Dole, Colonel r Barber
and other prominent people were pres
ent.
One of the principal figures In the
sensational failure of the Pacific Bank
is now here engaged in the commission
business, and the recent publication or
Dr. McDonald's letters to his son
"Dick" in The Call was particularly
interesting to Dr. William Jenningson.
At the time of the failure of the banK
Dr Jenningson was its European agent
and was encaged in floating a loan on
the Los Angeles Tramway Company,
one of the ventures of the McDonalds.
The epistles of Dr. McDonald were
specially vindictive against Jenning
son, who in speaking of them to-day
remarked that the whole issue was a
dead one to him and he did not under
stand the motive of reviving the fam
ous scandal. The only cause he could
divine was that it was in the interest
of the depositors, whom he was ready
to aid if they or The Call would de
finitely show him how his knowledge
could be applied in any effective man
ner. He knew The Call had always
done its best for the depositors.
"MYSTERIOUS" SMITH
OUTPOINTS WALCOTT
Given the D«cision at the End o"
Twenty Hard-Fought
Bounds.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— "Mysterious Bi»
ly" Smith met Joe Walcott, the colored
fighter, at the Lenox Athletic Club to
night, and after twenty hard rounds Ref
eree Charley White decided on him as the
winner. The men weighed l*i pounds.
Smith outfought Walcott, and in the elev
enth round be knocked Walcott off his
feet with a right swing on tne jaw. A few
moments later both men went to the floor
from a clinch and Walcott stayed down on
one knee eight seconds. It looked then as
though Walcott would go out with anoth
er good blow, but by repeated clinching
he lasted the round out. as Smith was un
able to get to the mark.
Walcott was rather siow in his move
ments and got In so close to Smith that
the latter was unable to do much damage
at close quarters. Walcott was favorite
in the betting. His friends bet 100 to 80
on the colored man, on the ground that
Smith's recent fight with Tommy West at
Bridgeport. Conn., was not up to winning
form, and they argued that the last time
Smith and Walcotr met. also in Bridge
§ort. the negro had the upper hand,
mith won cleverly to-night, and when
the referee's decision was announced there
was very little adverse criticism.
Before the big fight Kid Broad of Cleve
land knocked out Mike Kearnes of Phila
delphia in the seventh round.
MASKED MEN
LOOT A POSTOFFICE
FRESNO, Dec. 6.— At about 6 o'clock
this evening two masked men entered
the postofflce at Clifton, twenty miles
south of Fresno, on the Valley Road,
and held up A. T. Wilkinson, the post
master.
After searching him for weapons and
money one of the robbers watched over *^
the postmaster, pistol in hand, while
the other looted the mail and the till
of the store. The robbers then took
their departure, commanding Wilkinson
not to budge from the store for ten
minutes, threatening to do him up if he
disobeyed.
Deputy United States Marshal Boust
of this city was notified of the robbery
and has organized a posse to pursue
the miscreants.
No additional Information concerning
the hold-up at Clifton postofflce is ob
tainable here at a late hour to-night.
The amount the robbers got away
with is not known, but It must have
been small.
No description of the men was given
by Wilkinson.
Deputy Marshal Boust leaves for the
scene of the hold-up in the morning.TERMS OF
THE TREATY
ARE SETTLED
Are Embodied in
Eight Articles.
ALL PROTOCOL POINTS ARE COVERED
Said to Be One of the Most Inter
esting Papers of Its Kind
Ever Written,
MINOR ISSUES IN ABEYANCE
6IGNATURES MAY BE ATTACHED
IN A FEW DAYS.
The Important Document Likely to
Be Submitted to Congress Be
fore the Christmas
Recess.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 6.— The peace
treaty of Paris is practically
an accomplished fact. To-day's
session disposed of the essential
features of the treaty, which will
be embodied in the following
eight articles:
First — The customary pre
face of treaties in the na-
ture of an expression of
amity and of hope for per
petual peace.
Second — The relinquish
ment by Spain of her sover
eignty over Cuba.
Third— The withdrawal of
tho Spanish troops.
Fourth— The relinquish
ment by Spain of her sover
eignty over Porto Rico.
Fifth— Spain's cession of
the Philippines.
Sixth— The withdrawal of
the Spanish troops there.
Seventh— Payment by the
United States of $20,000,
000 for the Philippines.
Eighth— The provision for
the "open door" commer
cial policy in the Philip
pines.
The rough draft of the treaty,
which may be considerably
:hanged, covers the protocol pro
posals. It makes a long docu
ment, which Senator Davis of
the United States Peace Com
mission says will be found to be
one of the most interesting pa
pers of its character ever written.
So completely are the details of
the evacuation of the Philippines
stipulated, that a commission
such as arranged for the Spanish
withdrawal from the West Indies
will be unnecessary.
Among the questions not yet
settled, however, are the coaling
station and religious freedom in
the Carolines, the Spanish com
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mil CURED AT LUST,
OR. R. SCHIFFMANN PROVES
HIS FAITH IN HIS REMEDY
BY GIVING IT AWAY.
Dr. Rudoph Sc'dff'- nn is a recog-
lized authority on the subject of throat
md lung diseases and has, during a
practice of over thirty years, undoub't-
tdly treated and cured more cases of
isthma and kindred diseases than any
3octor in the world. He announces j
:hat he has at last nerfected a remedy J
which not only instantly relieves the
worst attacks but has permanently
•ured thousands of so called "incurable
•ases." Dr. Schiffmann has perfect
;onfidence in his remedy and in order
:o convince others of its merits in the
jui< kest, surest way, he has arranged
With the well-kn n druggist, Willam
J Bryan, '■'■ New Montgomery street,
under Grand Hotel, to give a liberal
(ample package f o viu-h .sufferer apply-
ng at his store next Thursday. An
opportunity to test, without cost, a
remedy so celebrated and promising so
much certainly should be eagerly
grasped by every sufferer. Those living
out of town will be sent a free sample
,iot later than December 15th by writ-
Ing name and £ .'.dress on a postcard
111,(1 sending to Dr. R. Sohiffmann, 315 i
Rosabel street, St. r— V Minn.
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestlonCure
is the only remedy cv tLo market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, sttm-
ulate the nerves and build up tho sys-
tem. It should be In every home and
every traveler's ripsack. At all Druff-
K ls'.s. 25 cures, 25c
ECUADORAN REBELS
ATTACK CUENCA
Despite th)e Strength of Their
Force Tfyey Are Repulsed by
tfye City's Garrisor).
Special Cable to The Cnll anil the Xctt York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Dec. 6.— A dispatch from the Herald's correspondent at
Guayaquil says the revolutionists representing the clerical party, which
is determined to overthrow the Alfaro administration, have made a vig
orous attack on the barracks at Cuenca, one of the most important cities
in the republic adhering to the conservative cause. Notwithstanding
the strength of the attacking force, however, it was repulsed, and the
garrison managed to hold its position until the arrival of General Fras
co with reinforcements. The Government expects to suppress the move
ment soon.
mission not having replied to tbe
American offer.
The Americans have agreed
to transport Spanish prisoners
home, including the garrison and
sailors at Manila captured by Ad
miral Dewey and General Merritt,
as well as the soldiers and civil
ians held by the Filipinos, whose
return the Americans have guar
anteed.
As compensation Spain prom
ises to liberate all Cuban, Porto
Rican and Philippine political
prisoners. Spanish soldiers elect
ing to remain in the colonies may
do so, but it is more a matter of
economy for the Americans to
return the others, as they must
be fed as long as they are kept,
and Spain is unable to bear the
expense of repatriation.
Also the Americans have re
jected Spain's request for free
shipping for ten years in Cuban
and Porto Rican waters, they
having given the Spanish Com
missioners such poor consolation
as the latter may derive from the
permission to reapply when the
diplomatic relations have been
renewed for shipping conces
sions under the reciprocity
scheme of the Dingley law, for
which Senor Dupuy de Lome
was negotiating in Washington
when the war broke out.
There are still under discussion eight
secondary subjects which the Spanish
Commissioners broached last week, in
duing the status of patents and copy
rights.
The American Commissioners to-day
landed to Senor Montero Rios a writ
ten reply covering these questions.
There will probably be no joint session
to-morrow, as the Spaniards desire
time to consider this document.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The advices
from Paris to the effect that it might
be reasonably presumed that the Peace
Commissioners will be ready to sign a
treaty of peace within a day nr two are
fully confirmed here. It is learned that
the President's instructions to Judge
Day were to hasten the conclusion, and
to that end the American Commission
ers have been authorized to limit the
treaty closely to protocol points, leav
ing other matters, such as the aonuisi
tion of cable stations and naval sta
tions, to be dealt with hereafter.
As such separation of points Is en
tirely in line with the expressed desire
of the Spanish Commissioners, there
appears to be no reason, now that an
agreement has been reached as to all
of the protocol points, why those should
not be Immediately reduced to the form
in which it is desired they should ap
pear in a treaty and be at once signed
by the Commissioners. In this case, it
is possible that the treaty of peace may
be submitted to Congress even before
the Christmas recess.
GOULD WILL NOT
LOSE A FORTUNE
No Penalty Incurred by
His Marriage.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— lt is now defi
nitely established that Howard Gould
will not be called upon to sacrifice any
part of his fortune as a result of his
recently marrying Miss Katherine
Clemmons. This has Just been deter
mined at a family council at which it
was agreed that Howard should be left
In undisturbed possession of his fortune
of $10,000,000, one-half of which he
would have been called upon to forfeit
under an enforcement of a clause in his
father's will. This clause expressly de
clared that any one of Mr. Gould's chil
dren who should marry without the
consent of the others should forfeit one
half of his or her fortune, which should
be equally divided among the other
children.
There was strong opposition in the
family from the first to Howard's at
tentions to Miss Clemmons, and it was
unquestionably this opposition, which
was backed by the forceful argu
ment of an entailed sacrifice of $5,000,
000, that so delayed Mr. Gould's mar
riage. When at last his long courtship
was brought to a close by the quiet
wedding in the bride's apartments in
the Holland House, no member of the
bridegroom's family waß present. This
was generally accepted as an indication
that the other heirs were irreconcilably
opposed to tho match, and the predic
tion was freely made that the punitive
condition of the will would be enforced.
It is probable that the attitude of the
heirs would have been defined at an
earlier date had it not been for the fact
that at the time of the marriage there
were lacking only a few weeks before
the coming of age of Jay Gould's
youngest child, Frank, whose twenty
first birthday was celebrated on Mon
day, when he came into possession of
his $10,000,000 share of the estate and
was entitled to a voice in the decision
affecting the fortune of his brother. He
then fully concurred in the decision of
the other heirs that no penalty should
attach to his brother's marriage, no
matter how much the family might de
plore the alliance.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
PUN FOR ARMY
REORGANIZATION
Bill Drawn by Nelson A.
Miles.
REVIVES GRADE OF GENERAL
PROVIDES FOR ONE HUNDRED
THOUSAND MEN.
Will Be Submitted to Congress After
It Shall Have Been Passed
Upon by Secretary
Alger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The meas
ure which will serve as the basis for
the action of Congress this . session
looking to the increase and remodeling
of the regular United States army has
been completed by the commanding
general of the army, and to-day was
handed by him to Secretary Alger, who
will transmit it to Congress, probably
through the chairman of the House
Committee on Military Affairs, Repre
sentative Hull, after he has had an op
portunity to make any changes that he
may deem desirable.
The features of the bill are disclosed
in the following letter:
Headquarters of the Army, Washington,
D. C., : Dec. 5.
To the Hon. Secretary of War— Sir: I
nave the honor to submit herewith the
draft of a bill for the reorganization of
the united States army, based , on a
strength of one soldier to one thousand
of the population of the United States,
and two soldiers to one thousand of the
population in the dependent colonies—ap
proximately 100,000 men. '; ■
My recommendations are for what I be
lieve to- be the best Interests of the Gov
ernment, not only at present, but, as
far as we are able to see, for the future.
The recommendations have been made re
gardless of any personal consideration of
any officer or soldier now connected with
the military service.
The proposition of artillery, cavalry and
infantry is in accordance with the imme
diate necessities of the United States,
we have 4000 miles of coast, with twenty
se,ven Principal harbors, where are locat
ed millions of people and property of al
most inestimable value. That they ShOUld
properly be defended is demanded by
e\ery consideration of- prudence and good
administration. In addition to this we
have the important harbors in Porto Rico,
Cub a and , the Philippines to defend, re
quiring a large force of artillery.
Ihe organization recommended is such
nnr^n? lv « rank in , proportion to the im
portant duties and great responsibilities
required of the , different officers in our
l e £ y^ c v and IS similar to the organization
which has been found most efficient in
ami a C f ° t f a " other civilized nations,
™£t £ *?, that which was found to bo
mo . bt elective in the Confederate army
between the years 1861 and 1565. A slmi
ar organization has been recommended
cr y al G Schoflll| herman and LleUtenant Gen
siLr^t r in estl ? recommend favorable con
ed ac Te ll r 00 y nn r OO e ff s pp t ee heh cc e tf°u r.r .f ylnlZatlony lnlZatlon aS present
. NELSON A. MILES.
Major General Commanding.
The bill contains the following provi
sions: . :;^;;r: p
♦ <£?. l l enacte( etc.. that the military es
h!r is ? ment of , the United States shall
( iv-;ir l t - er f. COn t BiSt of fifteon regiments of
artniJ^; f . our teen regiments of sea coast,
artillery two regiments of field artllierv
two regiments of ..engineers, fifty regi
ments of infantry, the professors and
corps of cadets of the United- States mili
tary academy, and such other force as
shall be provided for by this act, to be
kn o°'r n o as T^ e < a r m i- of the United States,
bee. Z. . That , the regiments of cavalry
shall be organized as now provided by
law. each to consist of three squadrons
of four troops, each troop to be organized
as shall be provided in this act; provided
a t e f a 1 " 651 1011 } of cava) ry shall con
sist of 1000 enlisted men with the neces
sary complement of officers.
Sec. 3 That the artillery arm of the
coast shall consist of sea coast and field
artillery;' that the sea coast artillery shall
I consist of fourteen regiments of twelve
j batteries each, and that the field artillery
! shall consist of two regiments of twelve
: batteries each. The organization of the
batteries of sea coast and held artillery
I shall be as provided In this act;
Provided that each regiment of sea
! coast artillery shall consist of 1200 enlist
ed men and each regiment of field artil
lery of 1032 enlisted men, with the neces
sary complement of officers-
Provided further, that the . President
| may, in his discretion, convert such field
i batteries as may seem to him to be neces
> sary from time to time into siege batter
! ies, horse artillery batteries or mounted
! batteries. •.-..
Sec. 4. That the infantry, arm of the
j service shall consist of fifty regiments of
\ three battalions of four companies eacn
each company. to be organized as shall be
I provided, in this act;
Provided, that the regiments of infantry
i shall consist of 1200 enlisted men; and '
Provided, further, that th~e infantry arm
of the service be organized on the basis
of two army corps of three divisions of
three brigades of three regiments each.
The bill then specifies the officers and
! men for each regiment of cavalry, mi
i fantry and artillery. In "each case
; there are to be one colonel, one lieuten
ant colonel, three . majors, j twelve cap
[ tains, fourteen first lieutenants (one
first lieutenant to be, appointed adju
tant and one first lieutenant to. be ap
; pointed quartermaster), twelve second
1 lieutenants, besides minor r officers : pe
| culiar, to each branch of .service. ; Cap
tains are to be appointed . for cole-red
| regiments. The bill continues: ,
Section That > there shall be one gen
: eral of the army, two lieutenant generals.
: six major generals of infantry, one major
« general <of cavalry, one major ' general
i of artillery, eighteen brigadier generals
' of infantry, two brigadier generals of cay-
I airy and two brigadier generals of artil
i lery, who shall be entitled to the personal
.; aids-dc-camp ; and the military secretary
•now, ; provided. by law. ; '■ -^ ■'■-;:■ v
• Provided, that the £ major' generals .; and
brigadier generals of artillery and cavalry
shall ■- be v assigned '■' to .• duty ' as % chiefs * and
1 inspectors of artillery , and cavalry and ito
j such commands ;as the President •« may
I direct. " v ; -v
Rules for details and promotions in
the quartermaster's department follow.
VEST OPENS THE
FIGHT AGAINST
EXPANSIONISTS
Holding of Colonies
Unconstitutional.
SO CLAIMED IN A RESOLUTION
MEASURE TO REWARD SER
VICES OF DEWEY.
Bill Presented by Hale to Revive
the Grades of Admiral
and Vice Ad
miral.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The first
note of the anti-expansionists was
sounded in the Senate to-day by Sen
ator Vest of Missouri, who introduced
the following joint resolution:
That under the constitution of the Uni
ted States no power is given to the Feder
al Government to acquire territory to be
held and governed permanently as colo
nies. The colonial -system of European
nations cannot be established under our
present constitution; but all territory ac
quired by the Government, except such
small amount as may be necessary for coal
ing stations, correction of Doundaries and
similar governmental purposes, must be
acquired and governed with the purpose
of ultimately organizing such territory
into States suitable for admission into the
Union.
A brief discussion of the navigation
laws was precipitated by the considera
tion of a bill amending those laws by
the addition of a provision that for
eign built vessels wrecked in the Unit
ed States, purchased by citizens of this
country and repaired to the extent of
thne-fourths of their value, shall b?
subject to forfeiture if they engage
subsequently in the coastwise trade of
the United States.
Vest, a member of the Committee on
Commerce, expressed his opposition to
the bill, principally because it afforded
protection to the coastwise trade, which
needed no protection. Under the pres
ent system of navigation laws this
trade had decreased from 75 per cent
to 11 per cent, and this country is now
paying $150,000,000 annually to foreign
shipowners for carrying trade that
ought to be carried in American bot
toms. This condition of affairs. Vest
declared, "was a scandal and dis
grace." He said he had been amused
at the suggestion of the President,
made in his message submitted yester
day, that our carrying trade be encour
aged by the payment of subsidies
"In other words," he said, "it is pro
posed to substitute for the vicious sys
tem of navigation laws a scheme of
subsidies that is even more vicious
than is the evil it proposes to ..emedy.
"Under the proposed policy of the
administration," continued Vest, "we
are to build a great navy. We are to
cease to be a nation of traders and.
under the impulse of the policy of ex
pansion, become a nation of warriors.
It would appear to me to be better
first to build up our carrying trade.
I would also let our people, through the
beneficent effects of such trade, buy
where they can buy cheapest."
Caffery of Louisiana, as a member
of the Committee on Commerce, op
posed the bill.
Finally it was made a special order
for next Monday.
Morrill reported a petition from the
Legislature of Vermont asking for the
revival of the grade of admiral and the
recognition of Rear Admiral Dewey.
Hale presented a bill to revive the
grade of admiral and vice admiral.
At 1:30 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
IN THE HOUSE.
Bill for the Government of the Ha
waiian Islands.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The House
was in session less than half an hour
to-day, when the death of Representa
tives Northway of Ohio and Love of
Mississippi were announced and an ad
journment was taken until to-morrow
out of respect to their memory.
The customary resolution for the dis
tribut.ion of the President's message to
the several committees having juris
diction was adopted and the deficiency
bill, carrying appropriations for the ex
traordinary expenses of the army and
navy, from January 1 to July 1, 1899,
was reported and will be taken' up by
the House to-morrow.
The report of the Hawaiian Commis
sion, transmitted to the President, was
laid before the House and referred to
the Committee on Territories, together
with a bill offered by Mr. Hitt, to carry
out the recommendations of the com
mittee.
ELECTRIC CuMPANIES
IN A MERRY WAR
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 6.— Last evening
there was trouble between the Big Creek
Company and the Electric Light and
Power Company, resulting in eleven ar
rests on charges of unlawfully taking
possession of the latter company's planl
on Pacific avenue.
The Big Creek Company has a contract
to operate incandescent lights and fur
nish power to the powder works, in or
der to carry out its contract the piant of
the Electric Light and Power Comi>iiny
was leased until next month. The latter
corporation, by James McNeil, its presi
dent, thought that too much strain was
being placed on the machinery, so on
Sunday evening it took possession. Last
evening the Big Creek employes again
took charge, and fhe other corporation
had them arrested.
While the defendants were in court the
Electric Light and Power Company em
ployes gained entrance to the building.
Later the Big Creek Company had the
Electric Light and Power Company's
employes arrested. While the latter were
in court the Big Creek employes again
took possession and held it.
The Big Creek people say they inter.J
to remain in possession until the lease ex
pires. Last evening tho Big Creek wires
were cut. with the result that East Santa
Cruz was in darkness and no lights were
on the covered bridge. In consequence
two teams collided and Miss Estell was
thrown out of a" vehicle and bruised.
All the defendants arrested last night
will plead to-morow in the Justice Court.
Sanborn & Vail's lamps, onyx tables,
globes and shades make beautiful pres
ents. Their big show-windows are full
of them. • •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVE! •.
Tupsday, December 6.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, 85 hours from
Tacdma.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 82 hours from De
parture Bay.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 6.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr La Normandie,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dee 6— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Npw York.
SOl'THAMl'TON— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Kai
ser Fr!rdir!c-(-, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec G— Stmr Cuflc, fm
New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Bovic. from
Liverpool: stmr Lahn, for Bremen.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Dec o— Stmr Norge,
for New York.
I ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 6— Stmr Friesland,
for New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Dec 6— Stmr Edam, for
I New York.
SECRETARY GAGE'S
ANNUAL REPORT
The Treasury Accounts
Show a Deficit.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES
COST OF GOVERNMENT IN THE
WAR YEAR.
Benefits of the New Tariff Just Be
coming Manifest — Workings
of the Chinese Exclu
sion Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The annual
report of Secretary of the Treasury^
Gage shows that the revenues Of the
Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30 were $494,333,953 75 and the ex
penditures $532,381,201 35, leaving a de
ficit of $38,047,247 60. As compared with
the fiscal year 1897, the receipts for 1898
increased $63,946,785 86, but there was
an increase of $77,594,423 23 in the ordi
nary expenditures.
The revenues of the Government for
the current fiscal year are thus esti
mated at $577,874,647 37, and the expend
itures for the same period are esti
mated at $689,874,647 37, or a deficit of
$112,000,000.
Regarding the working of the tariff,
the report says:
Domestic industrial enterprises are un
questionably benefited by the tariff act
of 1897, designed as well to encourage
home industries as to increase the rev
enues of the Government. By reason of
the fact that importers, anticipating the
passage of the act referred to^ provided
themselves with large stocks of merchan
dise of every description, the tariff of 1897
cannot be regarded as fairly tested by the
receipts immediately following its pass
age. As an illustration of the correctness
of this view it may be stated that during
the first four months of the fiscal year
1899 the receipts from customs (exclusive
of the duty on tea provided by the_ war
revenue law.) amounted to $62,i<6,080,
which is $4,633,026 in excess of the receipts
for a similar period in any year since 1892.
As to immigration, the report says:
The report of the Commissioner General
of Immigration shows that 229,299 immi
grants arrived during the year, a de
crease, compared with the preceding fiscal
year, of 1533. The number of those de
barred and refused landing was 3229, as
compared with 1880 for the preceding year,
and was composed of 417 alien contract
laborers, 2261 paupers, 258 diseased per
sons, 1 idiot, 12 insane, 2 convicts. 79 as
sisted immigrants and who were re
turned within one year after their arrival,
having become public charges. More par
ticular attention has recently been given
to the cases of immigrants suspected of
being affected with disease. During the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1897, only one
immigrant was ..ebarred as being afflicted
with a "loathsome or dangerous contag
ious disease," while during the last year
258 were denied admission on that account.
The report gives some interesting
facts regarding Chinese exclusion, as
follows:
The total number of Chinese persons ad
mitted to the United States in the last
fiscal year was 7195. Of this number 5273
were of the exempt class, principally mer
chants, students, etc.; 425 were so-called
artists, actors, artisans and laborers, ad
mitted for the Trans-Mississippi and In
ternational Exposition at Omaha, and 1497.
were returning registered laborers. There
were also 865 who passed through the
United States under bond in transit to
other countries. Two hundred and eighty
Chinese were refused admission.
It. is believed that many Chinese labor
ers have gained unlawful admission by
representing themselves to have been
born in the United States. In such cases
they present themselves to the customs
officers at the frontier and seek arrest.
On being taken before the United States
Commissioner for deportation proceedings
they are frequently discharged on their
own testimony and that of their alleged
fathers. In many cases such testimony
is believed to have been untrue, and in a
number of instances the applicants or the
alleged fathers, or both, have been suc
cessfully prosecuted for perjury.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NERVOUS DEPRESSION.
[A TALK WITH MRS. PINKHAVI.] V*
A woman with the blues is a very un-
comfortable person. She is illogical,
unhappy and frequently hysterical. .
The condition of the mind known as
" the blues," nearly always, with wo-
men , results from diseased organs of
generation.
It is a source of wonder that in this
age of advanced medical science, any
person should still believe that mere
force of will and determination will
overcome depressed spirits and nerv-
ousness in women. ; These troubles are
indications of disease.
Every woman who doesn't under-
stand her condition should write to
Lynn, Mass., to Mrs. Pinkham for her
advice. Her advice is thorough com-
mon sense, and is the counsel /of a
learned' woman of great experience.
; Read the story of Mrs. F. S. Bennett,
i Westphalia, Kansas, as told in the fol-
lowing letter: -
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— l have suf-
fered for over two years with falling,
enlargement and ulceration of the
womb, and this spring, being in such
a weakened condition, caused me to
: flow for nearly six months. ; Some time
•ago, urged by friends, I wrote to, you
for advice. After using the treatment
which . you advised for a short time,;
that terrible flow stopped. -
"I am - now gaining strength and
flesh, and have better health than I
have - had for the past ten years. I
wish to say to all distressed, suffer-
ing women, do not suffer longer, when,
there is one so kind and willing to
aid you." i^ ■ '
' Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is a woman's remedy for wo-
.man's ills. More than a million wo-
men have been benefited by it '
jdsS^i&i^-v Doctor
Jp^i MEYERS
few *$&&&jii!L Specialists for Men
V>«Uf I*~ -^ ' rurln« wttinni and «m-»;
t ,\ " k. ■'„ -. t. • ■>" ■, '*i^^^ :: *'»ct«s ailment* nim-e 18*].';
*%ff[ |>/\^ | Tlct ILU ' I l'f'vata h-xk—
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. fhoa^'i' FREE.,
. ._- - ,v ■:■■■■ ■■-.. —■■ Thounods cured at borne.
ah letter, confidential. Jfo Charge for Consultation. ,
; ■701 MARKET ST., >_, r*, t9r - En 5 ance \
/ Ol SAN FBAHCISCO f Elev *"»' Entrance.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _.-- J _ l -^ r
DO YOU GET UP Ll "
WITHJJiffIE BACK?
Do You Have Rheumatism or Neuralgia ?
Are You Sleepless, Nervous, Irritable ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles.— To Prove
Its Wonderful Merits, You May Have a Sam-
ple Bottle Sent frzz by Mail.
Well people have healthy kidneys.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood, keep it pure
and free from disease-breeding germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they do
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will ' elp all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist, and is a genuine
specific with wonderful healing action
on the kidneys.
It will be found by froth men and
women just what is needed in all cases
of kidney and bladder di orders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheuma-
tism, sciatica, neuralgia, urir - 1 : <i
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $160,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 9,900 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 382,264 25
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 24.503 75
Cash In company's office 4,932 41
Cash in banks 18,485 16
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 200 00
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 97 50
Premiums In due course of collection 63.980 67
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 1.000 00
Cash in hands of managers, San
Francisco 10,772 74
Due from perpetual insurance on
building 742 50
Total assets $678,884 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,837 38
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 27,057 6!)
Losses resisted, including expenses. 160 00
■ Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $231,032 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 115,516 17
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $157.163 91;
reinsurance pro rata »8,785 56
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual flic Insurance policies 15,020 33
All other demands against the com-
pany 19.034 64
Total liabilities $308,49177
INCOME.
Net ca»h actually received for fire
premiums $297,712 97
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ;••■■■••■•■■■ *» 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stnrks. loans and from
all other sources 19.188 57
Received for rents 2,209 98
Total income $3) J, 606 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $28,552 49, losses of pre-
vious years) $155. 144 5S
Dividends to stockholders 13,659 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage tt.287 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 36.556 60
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .10,158 07
All other payments and expendi-
tures 29,178 67
Total expenditures $30fi.014 86
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $158,126 71
Risks and Premiums. !Flreßlsk3. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten durlnp the year $33,046,778 $361.415 05
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 31,650,499 358,324 73
Net amount in foi;ce De-
cember 31, 189.7.. 38.562.938 418,196 25
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
E. R. DANNELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
RICHD. H. KEILLT, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager,
troubles and Bright's disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
Swamp-Root corrects inability to hold
water and prompth- overcomes that un-
pleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day »nd to get up
many times during the night.
The way to be well is to pay attention
to your kidneys.
To take Swamp-Root when you are
suffering from clogged kidneys.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy Is easy to get at the diug
stores.
To prove its merits you may have a
sample bottle and a book telling more
about it, both sent absolutely free by
mail.
The great discovery, Swamp-Root, is
so remarkably successful that our read-
ers are advised to write for a free sam-
ple bottle and to kindh' mention the
San Francisco Daily Call when send-
ing their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Rine-hamton, N. Y.
STATEMENT
-7-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY :
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1597. and lor the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of , California, ' pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th»
Commissioner. ■
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up'
in cash $400,000 00
ASSETS. . • - ,
Real estate owned by company...... $153,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by c0mpany........... 3,499,915 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds.- stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral... .69,350 00
Cash In company's office 2,189 20
Cash in bank 5........ 120.499 25
Interest due and accrued .on all
stocks and- loans 729 67
Interest due and accrued on bonds ■
■ and mortgages ••••• 18.555 86
Premiums in due course of collection 246.117 18
Total assets $5,100,286 04
;>;.- LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid $54,11128
Losses in process of adjustment or /■_
in suspense ■ .139,778 92
Losses resisted, including expenses. 13,726 00
Gross premiums on fire - risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73; ■ ■■■^
reinsurance 50 per cent ;. 767,851 87
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
- ning more than one year, $1,368,- - :■• •
640 31: reinsurance pro rata ;.. 699,852 85
Amount reclaimable by . the . insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 823,239 42
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due ;..... 4,000 00
Total 1iabi1itie5.... ................ $2,502,560 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire -'.-■-
premiums ..........:...............:. $1,724,126 95
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages .42,363 5]
Received for interest and dividends ■ ■ . .
on bonds, . stocks, loans and from
r all other sources ...;........'.■.'. . 160,811 67
Received for rent 5..................... 2,098 00
Total income..... ...'.'.. $1,929,405 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses ... $897,216 80
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission ;or .
brokerage 404,10130
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 131,378 00
Paid for State, national and local ■
taxes ....;..;.. :.;.V......... .."...;.... 45.887 06
All other payments and expendi-
tures ...; 64,142 26
Total expenditures $1,622,723 42
■■ "■ ••• ■■-.■ ■■■-.■ ■.- . .• • Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $942,368 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $224,993,253 $2,216,195 47
Net amount of risks ex- . ■
pired during the year.. 191,607,222 2,050,365 04 .
Net amount in force De- , ■■■«■• ';; •' - ;
.cember 31. 1897....... •-■■ 323,094.764 .2,904.344 04
R. DALE BENSON. President.. : .
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to' before me thin 27th
day of January, IS9B. I GEO. W. HUNT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT; ,
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
.; . . SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
0: R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
WeoWGall, $150 per Year
34
FORCE, THE RAILROAD
ARGUMENT FOR BURNS
Members of the Legislature Resent
the Insulting Tyranny of Mal=
odorous Herrin.
A PHANTOM SACK STUFFED WITH GOLD BRICKS
Rumors of a Resumption of the Unholy Alliance Be=
tween the Examiner and the Southern Pacific.
Frantic Efforts to Boost the Mexi=
can Ex°Boss.
Now that William F. Herrin has
been whipped into silence by his more
discreet superiors, the Senatorial candi
dacy of Colonel Dan Burns is being
promoted in the old familiar way by
the railroad company and the off-color
politicians who live by its favor.
Threats and promises are being freely
made, and when these fail recourse is
had to the "sack," the ever potent fac
tor in the important business that has
been placed in the inartistic hands of
untruthful Herrin.
The disclosures that have been made
within the past week concerning the
manner in which the Southern I'aciflc
Company is seeking to steal from the
people of the State the Sen
atorial toga and place 't on the
shoulders of malodorous Coionel Burns
have brought such a storm of protest
from all parts of the State that the
railroad manipulators have beeji forced
to come out into the open and seek to
■win votes by means peculiarly their
own. Where it is necessary to offer
bribes, bribes have been offered; where
threats of political death and business
ruin are of avail, they have not been
withheld; where promises of prefer
ment are potent to cause legislators to
betray their constituents, such prom
ises have been made. Force is the
weapon now being brandished over the
heads of legislators, and if force pre
vails Dan Burns will represent the
State of California in the United States
Senate.
As an illustration of what is being
done in behal%of Burns' candidacy the
threat concerning the organization of
the State Senate may be cited. It has
been given uut by Burns' friends that
his supporters will organize the Senate
and that all members who refuse to de
clare in favor of Burnrf candidacy for
United States Senator will be left out
in the co-Id. That is to say, they will not
be permitted to name any of the at
taches, nor will they be given chair
manships of any of the numerous com
mittees. Also that all bills which they
seek to have passed by the -Legislature
will be smothered.
This threat has not had the desired
effect, as many of the Senators who are
bitterly opposed to Burns' candidacy
declare that if such a programme is
carried out they will Join with the mi
nority if necessary and fight the Burns
combination to the bitter end. Among
those who are of this way of thinking
are many who are personally friendly
to Burns, but who feel that his desire
to become United States Senator is
detrimental to the best interests of the
Republican party and contrary to the
wishes of a great majority of people of
the State. They resent the attempt
that is being made to whip them into
line and will exert every effort to de
feat the end so much desire^, by the
railroad.
"Billy" Hamilton, who is one of the
most active wn-'- ors j n behalf of Burns'
after-dark candidacy, on Monday ap
proached a member of the Senate from
the interior with the remark: "I sup
pose you fellows are going to stand in
all right for Burns for Senator?" The
member replied that he did not think
it necessary to express himself in the
matter, as Colonel Burns had not yet
declared his candidacy, and in an even
inp paper he is quoted as saying that
he did not want the office.
"Oh, that's all right." replied Hamil
ton, "suppose he does declare himself;
how will it be then?"
"My advice is," returned the Senator,
"that if he depends upon the support
of my district for his election he had
better not declare himself."
It so happens that this same Senator
Is personally friendly to Burns. This
is how he views the present situation:
I would assist Burns in any legiti
mate way, because I have always been
his friend. But there is such a thing as
asking too much of a man. I want to
go back to my district after the close of
the session, and if I voted to make
Burns United States Senator I could
not do so. The people do not want him
and will not have him, and I am not
going to ruin myself and betray the
people who elected me by voting for
him."
It may be that there are members of
the Legislature who are not as con
scientious as the gentleman Just
quoted and for these Burns and the
tricky Herrln have another argument.
Even the railroad manipulators con
cede that the use of money will be
necessary to overcome the scruples of
many of the legislators, and plans were
made for the provision of this money
from the funds of the railroad com
pany.
Having in mind past judicial inquiries
as to the manner in which the funds of
the corporation were expended for po
litical purposes, thrifty Herrin and his
co-laborers arranged that the bribe
money necessary should be taken from
the treasury of the corporation and
charged to the "bridges and buildings"
account.
When news of thiß arrangement
reached New York there came a pro
test from an official who represents
an interest in the Southern Pacific
Company not always in harmony with
that of the main Interest controlled by
Huntington. The official in question is
no less a persoi. 'nan T. H. Hubbard
first vice president of the company
His protest took the form of a tele
gram to the conspirators In San Fran
cisco in which he conveyed an impera
tive order that the "bridges and
buildings" account should not be held
accountable for funds expended for
political purposes, and also that no
funds should be bo used, as contem
plated, whether charged to "bridges
and buildings" or any other account.
The existence of this telegram may
possibly account for Colonel Burns' de
lay in announcing his candidacy. With
the Hubbard telegram are Borne others
not exactly complimentary to the un
truthful Herrin. As a consequence the
chief of Huntlngton's political bureau
has, within the past few days, been
straining every nerve and pulling every
string In an effort to prove to hlsangry
superiors that he does not deserve the
roasting they have administered to
hi. i and that, thanks to his shrewd
manipulations. Burns' strength is so
great that his election is assured. This
accounts for the activity of the rail
road lickspittles and the personal sup
porters of Burns, as well as for the
reticence of the colonel himself after
the awkward blunder made by Herrin
in announcing Burns' candidacy on be
half of the Southern Pacific Company.
The Senatorial situation as it now
presents itself is causing much appre
hension in the Democratic camp on ac
count of the attitude of the Examiner.
Since the rupture of the private rela
tftons between that paper and the
Southern Pacific Compan- the Ex
aminer has posed as the champion of
the people and the enemy of the great
corporation headed by Collis P. Hunt
ington. Now that Mr.. Hearst's organ
has come out as the champion of the
candidacy of Colonel Burns and the
mouthpiece of the iniquitous Herrin,
the Democrats are all at sea and the
Republicans are giving ear to tales
concerning an underground passage
from the yellow building to Mr.
Hearst's headquarters at the corner of
Third and Market streets.
Herrin himself has added an element
erf mystery to the situation by flaunt
ing what he is pleased to call the "Ex
aminer's scalp," which he claims to
have taken at the late election. Irre
sponsible people who Moat about on the
outskirts of the political whirlpool are
amusing themselves by telling sober
tales of a renewal of the secret com
pact between the railroad and the Ex
aminer. These same misguided individ
uals, who are not in a position to know
the facts, but who wish to get credit for
knowledge they do not posses, point
out, in eoiToboration of their weird
tale, the fact that the Examiner has
abandoned its hostility to the corpora
tion and has Indorsed the candidacy of
Colonel Burns, who is avowedly the
railroads choice for United States
Senator. The contract, they say, cov
ers "two sessions of the Legislature
and one general election." During this
period the corporation is to "enjoy im
munity from hostile attack" on the
part of the paper.
They even g<* so far as to declare that
the $8000 still due and unpaid on ac
count of a former contract of a similar
nature, is to be paid by the railroad
without prejudice to the stipulations of
the present agreement, and that it is
wholly a secret agreement and is
not hedged about by the pretense of an
advertising contract as was the case in
the former contract.
It is, of course, incredible in view of
what has gone before it in the history
of the railroad company that there was
any necessity for entering Into a secret
agreement to purchase the Examiner's
silence and good will. The only
plausible explanation of the wild
story is that the railroad people, know
ing that the act of putting Burns for
ward as the railroad's candidate for
Senator would have the immediate
effect of antagonizing every reputable
newspaper in the State, deemed it ad
visable to procure the support of the
Examiner and thus be in a position to
ward off the attacks that were fore
seen. Whichever way the truth lies, it
is certain that the Examiner now occu
pies the enviable position of being the
mouthpiece of Colonel Burns and the
untruthful Herrin.
Perhaps the most regrettable fea
ture of the situation as it stands to
day is the attempt made yesterday by
an afternoon paper, presumably at the
instigation of the unspeakable Herrin.
to drag the name of an estimable and
philanthropic lady into the muck in
which the railroad's political agents
are wallowing. The cowardly attack
will, of course, be without effect, but it
serves to show to what ends the pro
moters of Burns' candidacy will go in
order to influence the public mind.
Members of the Legislature who re
side in the interior and who come to
San Francisco are being subjected to
every conceivable blackmailing scheme
in an endeavor to secure their support
for Burns. An instance in point is that
of a member of the Assembly who
came to the city two days ago for the
purpose of doing what he could to se
cure for a personal friend a position on
the police force.
He went to a member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and preferred his
request and was astonished when the
honorable Commissioner named as the
price of his favor the con
dition that the Assemblyman
should vote for Burns for Senator.
The Assemblyman, to his credit be it
said, put an abrupt end to the nego
tiations by declaring that under no con
sideration would he ever consent to cast
his vote for Burns. Needless to say
the Assemblyman's friend will not ob
tain the desired position in the ranks
of San Francisco's finest.
. _^_; .^^^^, ,_^.^.^.^ ADVEBTiSEMENTS.
fß+B+ " + " + "+"+"+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B4iirß^
Latest News From
Devif s Island
.Tk C S^l^ VO ef th ' Paris Matin > in his detailed re-
f-°. ( yZ\i*'™?% ci y?, visit to ""Captain Dreyfus, gives the
list of "Little Wants" which the prisoner sends in monthly to
civilization, among which was a request for
2 bottles ionyadiJdiios
. „ Natural Aperient Water.
This prove that, . although cut off from civilization for 4
years, the ex-Captain still remembered the name of
The Best Natural Laxative Water.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
HEARST US
DEMOCRACY'S
NEW MOSES
Proposition AH Hands
Shy At.
WANTS TARPEY TO CONTROL
WILL OPEN HIS SACK IF HIS
WISHES BE GRANTED.
Meeting of the State Central Commit
tee Adjourns for Lack of a
Quorum— Candidates for
Empty Honors.
Seven members of the Democratic
State Central Committee responded to the
call for a meeting yesterday at the Cali
fornia Hotel. They were: Governor
Budd, Mayor Phelan. M. F. Tarpey,
Charles Fay, W. F. Alford, J. C. Mc-
Kinstry and Chairman Seth Mann.
The ostensible object of the meeting
was to select somebody to receive the
complimentary vote of the minority for
United States Senator, and to provide
ways and means to meet a deficit of $3800,
but, like many gatherings of a similar
nature, it also had a secret meaning, of
which but a few were aware.
This set ret purpose, if it may be so
termed, was to promote the wish of Wil
liam K. Hearst, proprietor of the Ex
aminer, to place the control of the Demo
cratic party of the city and State in the
hands ot" M. F. Tarpey. Mr. Hearst's
proposal, as has been outlined to some of
the leaders of the party, is that if Mr.
Tarpey be given the, chairmanship of the
Democratic State Central Committee and
be permitted to reorganize the State and
local Democracy on lines of his own, he
(Hearst; will assume the indebtedness of
the State organization, which at the pres
ent time amounts to $3M*), and will also I
lend the support of the Examiner to pro- j
mote the interests of the party as a j
whole.
This proposition has been made to sev- I
eral leading Democrats during the past
few days by Mr. Tarpey, who claimed to
act as the mouthpiece of Mr. Hearst.
That the scheme has not met with a fa- I
vorable reception is not due to a lack of <
appreciation of the fact that it will be \
necessary to reorganize the party. Local
leaders still retain a vivid recollection of j
the success which attended the organiza- !
tion of the malodorous and discredited i
Committee of One Hunßred, as well as
the highly satisfactory and wholly cred
itable reform measures of Gavin McNab,
sometimes known as the "Whispering
Boss."
Local Democrats also remember that
Mr. Hearst undertook to reorganize the
New York State Democracy. The suc
cess attending his efforts in that direction
is a matter of history to which reference i
is made only in whispers. Then, too, the |
part the Examiner is playing in the ,
present Senatorial campaign as regards
the interests of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and its candidate for the position,
has become a subject of grave suspicion
in the minds of many Democrats who i
have the interest of their party at heart
The spectacle of the Democratic party
of this State reorganized on the basis of
free silver, free beer and free everything—
"not only hoisted, but nailed"— would no
doubt be an edifying spectable, but it is
a dream that falls just short of realiza
tion.
However, owing to the fact there was
no quorum present ho definite action was
taken on any of the propositions, though
the members locked themselves in a room
and informally discussed them all
One of those present inquired of the
chairman whether the complimentary
vote for Senator would be presented to
Stephen M. White, and as Chairman Mann
could not enlighten him and the other
members would not the matter was !
dropped. A few smiles greeted the in
quiry, as three of, those present have a '
longing for the compliment. M. F Tar- i
pey intends going to Mexico soon and
would not mind delaying his trip if he '
could be assured that he would receive I
it. Mayor Phelan is not adverse to the '
compliment, because it might aid him in I
obtaining the coveted title at a future !
date. Governor Budd has labored hard ;
for his party and therefore feels it would
be no more that right to present him with
the vote.
This question, as well as the others will I
be brought up again when next the com
mittee meets. A meeting is scheduled for
a week from to-day.
ANOTHER JOB STOPPED.
Auditor Broderick Objects to the City
Paying for School Director
Ragan's Improvements.
Auditor Broderick has raised objections
to the scheme of the Board of Supervisors
to establish a police station in the build
ing at Haight and Stanyan streets, owned
by School Director Ragan. Auditor Brod
ertck's objections are riot to establishing
the station exactly, but he does kick at
the scheme railroaded through the board
to provide $3000 worth of internal improve
ments at the city's expense, .and he has
warned contractors against making pro
posals for the work.
The Improvements contemplated are a
bituminous rock roadway through the
building, to cost $250, and handsome elec
tric fixtures, frescoed ceilings and bric-a
brac for the delectation of the squad of
police and usual station hangers-on, flg-
Ur f d i° cost the balance of the $3000.
Auditor Broderick is of the opinion that
the expense of the fixtures Is upon the
\i S *? r . h Ot c the bui ld«ns. Dr. Ragan, and
that the Supervisors have no legal right
to relieve him of it 8 " 1
fn H r 2!J 3 L Gray J ll , ready has the contract
to lay the asphalt roadway, and says he
« W t!, lln * 6 a^ h ance for the money
as the auditing of his claim will be In
the hands of Broderick's successor.
Triplicate, standing, revolving and hand
mirrors, combs, brushes and atomizers in
perfumery department. Elegant goods
and cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Railroad Damages Wanted.
The suit of J. 8. Roberts as adminis
trator of the estate of Lavina H Sny
der against the Southern Pacific Company
was begun before a jury yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court. The act on
was brought to obtain $30,350 damsures al
leged to have been sustained by thl death
of uii Mrs ii wi ydel i from 'juries recelveu
while alighting from the Berkeley train
at Golden Gate on the 12th of last June
FRANCE THREATENS
TO INVADE CHINA
PEKING, Dec. s.— The French Minister, M. Gerard, has sent an ulti
matum to the Chinese Foreign Office, threatening that unless the
French missionary now held a prisoner by the rebels in the Province of
Sze Chuen be released within ten days a force of French troops will be or
dered to cross the frontier.
THREATENS
FRANCE IN
HER CAPITAL
English Embassador
Bellicose.
UTTERS A WARNING SPEECH
SAYS FORBEARANCE SOON MAY
CEASE.
Provocative Words of Sir Edmund
J. Monson at a British Chamber
of Commerce Banquet in
Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 6.— At the silver jubilee
banquet of the British Chamber of
Commerce here this evening, the Em
bassador, Sir Edmund J. Monson, re
ferring to the "new diplomacy" which
is said to have come into fashion dur
ing the past year, said it was chiefly
due to the enterprise of the press, but
also it was in a measure due to mother
country Innovations and to the origin
ality of the American mmd — ever rest
lessly watching to improve everything —
which would perhaps end by wiping
the diplomats of the old school off the
face of the earth.
Sir Edmund Monson then proceeded
to dilate on the recent remarkable out
burst of public feeling in Great Britain,
provoked by the Fashoda incident, and
said he ventured to express the hope
that the idea of Great Britain being un
duly squeezable and prone to make
graceful but impolitic concessions was
thoroughly exploded.
He appealed to France to disabuse
herself of all suspicion of unfair inten
tion upon the part of Great Britain; to
try to believe there was no general
animosity in England toward France,
and to meet England on every ques
tion at issue with an honest desire for
an equitable arrangement. He con
cluded as follows:
"I would earnestly ask officials in
power and unofficial exponents of pub
lic opinion to discountenance and ab
stain from a continuance of the policy
of pin-pricks, which, while It can only
procure an ephemeral satisfaction to
a short-lived Ministry, must inevitably
perpetuate across the channel an in
tolerable irritation.
"I would entreat them to resist the
temptation to thwart British enter
prise by petty maneuvers such as the
proposal to start colleges as rivals of
General Kitchener's — ojected institu
tion in the reconquered Soudan. Such
ill-considered provocation might have
the effect of converting Great Britain's
policy of forbearance in Egypt into the
adoption of measures at which I pre
sume French sentiment is not aiming."
LONDON. Dec. 7.— Sir Edmund Mon
son's remarkable speech in Paris last
evening has created a sensation here.
Most of the newspapers regard it as
an unfortunate indiscretion, pointing
out that the American Embassadors
he referred to, despite their leanings
to the new diplomacy, would never
have addressed such a warning to
Great Britain.
There Is little doubt that the speech
will be deeply resented In France,
especially as it was evidently carefully
prepared and was read in the delivery.
COURSING PARK CHANGES.
Mrs. Dalton and M. J. Donovan Have
Sold Their Interests to the
Ingleside Club.
The directors 01 the Ingleside Coursing
Club held a very Important meeting last
evening in Pythian Hall, the object of
which was to settle up accounts with Mrs.
John Dalton and M. J. Donovan.
The club Incorporated on Monday last
under the name of the Ingleside Coursing
Association, and mmediately after a
committee composed of D. Shannon, H.
Deckelman, William Halpln. D. Dillon,
William Thompson, W. Elmore and
Charles Morris interviewed Mrs. Dalton
and M. J. Donovan, with the object in
view of purchasing their Interests in the
Ingleside Coursing Park. Mrs. Dalton
was pleased to relinquish her half inter
est In the park, and her case was quickly
disposed of by paying her In cash the sum
of $4000.
Donovan was not such an easy game to
handle and he fought to a finish, but final
ly disposed of one-quarter of his inter
est with the understanding that the re
maining quarter interest may be pur
chased by the club when It is prepared to
square up final accounts.
Neither Donovan nor Mrs. Dalton, In ac
cordance with the agreement entered into
last evening, shall in future have any
voice in the management of the park af
fairs. The directors of the park are now
composed of D. Shannon, William Halpin,
D. Dillon, H. Deckelman and W. Elmore.
Three hundred shares of stock which
were issued yesterday were quickly pur
chased by members. In fact, there is not
a share left for purchase. In the near fu
ture there will be many improvements
made in the park, such as an alteration of
the grand stand and a first class picnic
ground where ladies and gentlemen can
enjoy pleasant outings.
On Sunday the club will give an open
stake, which has already been filled, the
entrance being $2 50, with $600 added. The
drawing will be held on Thursday even-
Ing.
John Grace, the popular judge, under in
vitation from Mr. Black of the Los An-"
geles Coursing Club, will judge the grand
Christmas day open meeting which will
be held In the Los Angeles Coursing Park.
WILL NOT BE REBUILT.
There is a general belief among those
who take an Interest In the matter that
a new theater will be constructed to take
the place of the Baldwin, either on the
old site or elsewhere. J. J. Qottlob Is
authority for the declaration that there Is
no new theater coming.
"I am sorry to have to deny these ru
mors," said Mr. Gottlob. last evening,
"but you can say for me that all these
stories about the proposed construction
of a new theater are 'in the air.'
"Mr. Baldwin has assured me that in
the event he rebuilds the Baldwin Hotel
there will be no theater or opera house j
embodied In it and there is no one else
looking for such an investment. Of course.
If one of the old houses should be de
stroyed there would be a field for a new
one. I am confident It will be a long time
before the people of San Francisco will
secure a new and flr6t-class playhouse.
REICHSTAG
OPENED BY
THE KAISER
Czar's Peace Scheme
Approved.
ALLUDES TO RECENT WAR
SAYS GERMANY WAS STRICTLY
NEUTRAL.
William Hopes His Visit to the Sul
tan Will Be of Permanent Bene
fit to German
Prestige.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Dec. 6.— Emperor William
opened the Reichstag in the White
Hall of the Royal Castle here to-day, in
the presence of the members of the
Bundesrath, the generals and other
military officers, who were grouped
around the throne, In front of which
the Reichstag Deputies assembled. The
Empress sat in the grand balcony, and
the members of the diplomatic corps
occupied the adjoining gallery.
His Majesty, who arrived at noon,
was accompanied by his sons and by
the Persian Prince Mirza. After the
Centrist leader, Lingens, called for
cheers for his Majesty, the imperial
Chancellor, Prince Hohenlohe. handed
the speech to the Emperor, who read it
in a loud voice.
One of the first bills mentioned was
an anti-strike measure, providing for
the punishment of those who Intimidate
non-strikers, but not interfering with
the workmen's right of coalition.
The Emperor said that Germany's re
lations with all the foreign powers con
tinued friendly and the principal object
of his policy would be to contribute to
the maintenance of peace. Therefore
his Majesty hailed with warm approval
the Czar's magnanimous proposal for
the furtherance of that object.
Continuing, the Emperor referred to
the assassination of the Empress of
Austria as a savage and ruthless act
which had caused him deep pain and
which had evoked the most sincere
sympathy throughout Germany.
Alluding to the war between Spain
and the United States, his Majesty said
Germany's neutrality was conscienti
ously and loyally observed toward
both belligerents. Then, taking up
colonial affairs, Emperor William
pointed out the measures taken for the
economic development of Kiaochau,
declaring that, while conscientiously
respecting the well-acquired rights of
third parties, the German Government
would direct its efforts to the further
promotion of its economic relations
with China, which are yearly growing
more complete.
There was a special passage devoted
to the inspection of meat, on which
subject his Majesty said:
"In order to avert the dangers in
volved in the traffic of unexaminedmeat
intended for human beings whether of
home or foreign origin, the question of
the general introduction of a system
of inspection for slaughter houses and
meat is being considered. The federal
government's bill regulating the sub
ject will.' l hope, occupy your attention
during the nresent session."
Emperor William concluded by say
ing that it was with deep emotion that
he had visited, with the Empress, the
spots rendered dear to the whole of
Christendom by the sufferings of the
Savior, adding:
"The anxious desire of my predeces
sors on the throne of Prussia was to
erect there a place of worship of the
evangelical confession. That it was
granted to me to fulfill this desire and
hand over the Redeemer's Church at
Jerusalem to the Chief Lord is a fresh
incentive to me to further employ the
power vested in me by the grace of God
in behalf of the eternal and funda
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFREETOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a moat remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who surfer with
any form of sexual wcakiu resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wnyne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The Institute
Is desirous of reaching that great cla».
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies, are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
OpprUS.Uu, ;>lllllK,iuiull, i\eui'al 0;a,01t.,i0 ;a,olt.,i; u rouuy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rU, J. B9PIO ; New York, E. FOUGEKA * CO
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS,
mental truths of Christianity. Guided
by such sentiments, it afforded my
heart a special satisfaction to fulfill the
long-cherished wish of the German
Catholics by the acquisition of prop
erty on Mount Zion sacred to them by
hallowed reminiscences. I cherish the
hope that my stay in the Turkish em
pire and the brilliant reception accorded
me by the Sultan and the Turkish peo
ple everywhere will prove to be of per
manent benefit to German prestige and
the national interests of Germany."
His Majesty's speech was repeatedly
cheered.
Count yon Lorchenfeld, v the Bavarian
plenipotentiary, called for three cheers
for the Emperor, after which Emperor
William and his sons left the hall and
the Deputies proceeded to the Reichs
tag, where, Herr Lingens took the
chair as senior member.
After the usual formalities of the
opening the Reichstag adjourned until
Wednesday.
TRANSPORT PUEBLA
ARRIVES AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— A cablegram
received by the War Department to-day
from General Otis announces the arrival
at Manila of the transport Puebla. There
were few cases of sickness and no deaths
during the voyage.
WAR ON ZANTE CURRANTS.
Important Action Taken by the Citi
zens of Fresno.
FRESNO, Dec. 6.— A large meeting of
prominent citizens was held to-night in
the Chamber of Commerce rooms to pro
test against the recommendation in Pres
ident McKinley's message that Zante cur
rants be restored to the free list in con
sideration of reciprocal advantages from
Greece. A telegram was drafted and sent
to the President.
It called his attention to the ruling of
Judge Morrow, that the Zante currant
was not a currant but a seedless raisin
and that It came in competition with Cal
ifornia raisins. Its free admission, it was
pointed out, would be disastrous to the
California industry.
EXPRESS COMPANY MUST PAY.
Michigan Supreme Court on the War
Revenue Tax.
LANSING, Mich., Dec. 6.— The Michigan
Supreme Court, in a unanimous opinion
handed down at 5 o'clock this evening,
decides that the American Express Com
pany of Michigan must itself pay the war
revenue tax of 1 cent exacted on all
packages transmitted.
Will Not Investigate.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 6.— The Board of Man
agers of Agnews Asylum will not in
vestigate the death of Bessie Bailey un
less the officials of that institution or pub
lic opinion demand it. Truste«s Curnow,
Hale and Gould are confident that death
resulted from natural causes. Dr. Spon
ogle, the medical director, is of the same
opinion.
Woodland Merchants Up in Anns.
WOODLIAND, Dec. 6.— Merchants of
this city are organizing to prevent the
success of a trade excursion to Sacra
mento for Saturday, December 10, adver
tised by a Sacramento department store.
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CURED
Tou Can Be Cured
r~ I You Can Be Cured
Hndjan You Can Be Cured
Cnres - You Can Cc Cured
If you are in a state of physical or
mental debility and realize that some-
thing must be done, YOU CAN BE
CURED. The great Hudyan Remedy
Treatment has been used by the doc-
tors of the Hudson Medical Institute so
long as that every one has had an. op-
portunity of discovering the sterling
merits of this great discovery. Hudyan
is a remedy-treatment for the curing
of diseases and disabilities of men.
Hudyan cures when others fail to cure.
Hudyan is especially used in cases of
Nervous Debility, Nervous Exhaustion,
Melancholia and Spermatorrhoea. Use
the Hudyan remedy-treatment and you
will be cured. Write for CIRCULARS
FREE, or consult the Hudson Medical
doctors free.
BLOOD POISON.
When you are suffering from Blood
Poison, whether in the first, secondary
or tertiary state, you can be cured with
the 30-DAY CURE. Call on doctors of
Hudson Medical Institute or write for
30- DAY CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Mr. Wilson : I knew an Ohio farmer nameu Enochs. He
was about fifty years old and was bothered for years with some
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting weaker," said he, "and fairly got so
weak my food done me no good, what little I did cat, and I
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the druggist who
suggested that he try Ripans Tabules, and he .says that he had
not used a dozen of them before he felt much better, and after
a month he was cured sound and well, and In less than a ycaf
weighed 150 pounda. For a long time he had a l»<i color, but
to-day his complexion is as goad as Bun*,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WASTE OF WORDS.
Evidence Which U Rijtht to tbs Point
and Rel able.
Judge Frank Ives of District Court of
Crookston, Minn., says: For some time
I have used Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
with seeming great benefit. With few
exceptions I have not been so free from
indigestion in twenty-five years.
George W. Roosevelt, U. S. Consul to
Brussels, Belgium: Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, safe, pleasant to take, con-
venient to carry, give keen appetite,
perfect digestion.
Mr. W. D. Tomlin, mechanical engi-
neer.Duluth. Minn.: One box of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets has done its work,
and I am again gaining flesh and
strength.
O. E. Ransom, Hustonville, Ky.V I
was distressed and annoyed for twt>
years with throwing up food, often two
or three times a day: had no certainty
of retaining a meal if I ate one. Four
boxes of the tablets from my druggist
have fully cured me. I find them pleas-
ant to take, convenient to carry.
Rev. G. D. Brown. Mondovt, \Vis.:
The effects of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
letsaresimplymarvelous: a quite hearty
dinner of broiled beefsteak causes no
distress since I began their use.
Over six thousand people in the State
of Michigan alone in 1894 were cured of.
stomach troubles by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
Full-sized packages may be found at
all druggists at 50 cents, or sent by mall
on receipt of price from T\ A. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich.
Send for little book on stomach dis-
eases, mailed free.
REMOVAL
SALE !
I have consolidated the immense
stock of woolens of my former store,
844-846 Market street, with my 1110-
1112 Market and 20 1 -203 Montgomery
stores, and consequently am over-
crowded with goods that MUST BE
SOLD. I now offer the public quality
as well as quantity at prices that defy
competition. Over $10,000 worth of
stock at your mercy for the next 30 days.
Fine all-wool Cheviots, Cassimeres and
Tweeds in all designs aad shades for
$10, $12.50, $15.50, $17.50 and
$20. Beautiful Blu» and Black Clay
weaves for $15.50 to $30. Fancy
Worsted in the latest and nobbiest de-
signs for $16.50 to $30. French
Piques in Blue and Biack for, just think,
$19. 50 upl These suits are well worth
and would cost elsewhere $10 to $15
more. As these goods will not last long,
this little notice might suggest to you
an early call, for first come first served,
you know.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR,
1110-1112 Market St.
201-203 Montftomt-ry St.
r^VA _«_ rum Lira. || Mi H
THE NEW
istDmy. iißi-^J^bfc iLi9vS9 cdc you
trra- 10th Day. -^y*^ sL rilbllbniV
YITALIS :ot " I!a r- iS» Jfl SElgcnV
PKOIM (KS TUX IBOTE 30tta Day. TlklSiblJlßl
BESI'LTS. It quickly & surely removes Nervousness. Impotency,
Nightly Emissions, E»t] Dreams Wastini D:se«*»s.aiHi all effects
of self-abuse or exc«s and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. ' Ward* off Insanity and Con»urm>-
tion. Cures when all others fall. Instsf on having VI TALI 8,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $l.Ou
per packaje or six for $5.04> with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
CAMMET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St.. Chicago
Bcid by Owl Drug Co.. B. F.. and OmJJmaa.
PCUefcMtei's EaclUh Dtamood Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<Sr~v Orlslnsl and Only Genuine. A
*- jT«N- safe, alwijs lellsble. ladies art /fi\
&A\ J&iJHL Ifrasgist for' CMchetlcr a English Z>ia-ifg%* *
. &*Lk : ,m<md Brand In Ked and Gold metallls\V£r
*CJ^_^^Sboiea, waled with blue ri',b,,a. Tall- VSr^
7*l *vJ»» other. Eefute dangerout svbttitw V
I"/ ~ turns and imitation: At Druggist!, or scad 4*.
I W JJf In stinipi for particular, tesUmontal< an 4 \
"■' \ 'O* £> "Ke-tlcf for Ladles." in Utter, by retain
•X IF MslL 10,000 TeMlraonlals. toe Paper.
- "rdl»t>e»trrCh«anlealCo.,M«driio«> »»r«, :
laid by all Loral Druggistß. Fin?.<( '»A.. I'A
T^HIS WELL-KNOW^ AND.RELIABr.EOL»
. apeclaltst««re*PrivHte.Xervous,aß(lßlet)«ll>ls-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Jlpn.lree. Over 2o 'rs' experience. •
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Houre9
to3da)ly;6.3OtoS;3O Suntlttrs, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. or address .
■ P. ROSCOE JIcXILTY. 33. 1>. ,'-'■■.■.[■, '-'■■ . ■.[■
8O!i[ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. -
Dr.PIERCES ;
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _ . .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BIOOP,H.VER,LUMGS;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60a to $160 (Jay;
$5 to $3 week; $8 to $30 month. , Free baths;, hot •
and- cold water every room; flr« grates In «very
room; elevator runs all night.MORE TROUBLES
IN THE HALL
OF JUSTICE
Contractors Say That Under Favorable Conditions They
Expect to Finish the Noted Structure Within
the Next Ninety Days.
Others Declare It Will Take Another Year— Anxiety as to
Whether the Legislature Will Provide in Advance for the
Famishing of the Building.
The completion of the Hall of Justice,
which has been so long and exasperating
ly postponed, concerns the general public,
and is of particular moment to the resi
dents of the north side. There have been
delays of all kinds, and the people, after
filing numberless protests and petitions,
have concluded that this municipal enter
prise is on a par with the infamous con
struction of the new City Hall, which
stands to-day as an architectural monu
ment to colossal jobbery.
However, it is said that all things come
to the individual who is willing: to wait,
and it now appears that the more or less
patient Northenders are to be rewarded
with the realization of their desires.
It is announced by the contractors, who
have persistently asked for all kinds of
further time within which to complete
their labors, that while they were losing
money on the contract, they would have
the great structure ready for occupancy
within ninety days. Here is where the
complications come in. and there are pos
sibilities that this pet building of the me
tropolis may not be officially occupied for
the next two and a half years.
To the casual observer it appears that
the structure has been well built, with
the possible exception of the experimental
wire lathing, which is being usefi in the
place of standard devices to hold the plas
i;d at the same time be fire proof.
It may be found that some other ma
terial is required, in which event there
would be considerable delay in the com
pletion of the building.
When the contractors shall have fin
ished their work it must be submitted to
the incoming Board of Supervisors for
acceptance. Discounting all possible de
lays, this proffer of the building, accord
ing to the ideas of the contractors, could
not occur before the early part of March,
and there are reasonable doubts as to the
possibility of completing it by that time.
The upper stories and tower have only the
iron framework to show, and at present
there are no indications that the roof will
b( put in place at an early date. Should
this particular work be delayed until the
* rpected heavy winter rains come it
would delay the completion of the in
BOARD OF EDUCATION
SCORED BY THE COURT
KATHERINE BALL EEINSTATED
IN HER POSITION.
In Abolishing- Her Office the Appoint
ing Body Exceeded Its
Powers.
Judge Belcher yesterday handed down
an opinion directing that a writ of man
date issue against the Board of Educa
tion compelling that body to reinstate
MiM Katharine M. Ball to the position of
special teacher of drawing in the School
Department.
Miss Ball served in the capacity of spe
cial teacher of drawing for three years,
and her salary was authorised by the
Board of Education. Subsequently the
position was abolished, and she brought
Buit for reinstatement. Judge Belcher, in
the opinion, decided that the board had
no summary power of removal and that
it> attempt to use it was illegal. In con
cluding his opinion, Judge Belcher scores
the hoard, insisting that abolition of the
office was simply a pretext to get rid of
the u-achcr. The concluding paragraph
of the opinion, which gives Judge Bel
cher's views upon this point, is as follows:
In attempting to remove the petitioner from
h<>r im«ition in the department no charges
■ufrp brought against her, and. as heretofore
etat.-d, neither then nor subsequently was she
crlticizable upon any of the grounds men
tioned in section 1792, Politcal Code, concern-
ing removals or disqualifications, or in any
way unfltttd to discharge her duties. There
•was merely a bald attempt to oust her lrom
her position — apparently for no other purpose
than to make room for another appointment
or appointments. Of coarse, it cannot sue-
The Hoard of Education is not invested
•with any arbitrary and autocratic powers such
as it has attempted to exercise. Unfortunately
the exercise of such powers has been attempted
many times in this city, and it would not be
Btrange if the teachers would come to believe
they are without protection save from the
courts.
_____ ADVERTISEMENTS. :
©© ®®©®©®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I A REMARKABLE CURE. f
© -. . - ■ ©
® Tlios Langan of Isleton, Cal., Cured and Gains 25 Pounds by 0
Thos Langan of Isleton, Cat., Cured and Gains 25 Pounds by fa
® ' the Use of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. .©
® ®
@ •'"*"' Jdg&Z&S^^ ISLETON, Sacramento County, ©
® rfi^Bßlllß^sgsSi!^ DR. A. T. SANDEX-Dear Sir: %>
® /n/^%9t It is with Pleasure I make known )r
ti l f >2( the results 1 nave received from ®
/^ \«lfldltSA V&2. ' th - e uso of your Dr. Sanden's Elec- ©
Wj&rlilf rnnur /»» trlc Belt - X can truthfully say that ®
® $£&&&((£ '^SsSa? Bfc£*jsrB fc£*j5r it. has about made a new man of ®
(i) ISM^Pv*^" '^^r* f?£>K» me - Since commencing its use I X
jO|)y "^ R> Ic^ have gained over 25 pounds, going ®
® Vaiß^i/* . w / V IxL ..-from 143 10 175, and feel better and ®
© \!tss?/ry*t J^^Kt JPI stronger than I ever did.' It grad- Vm
w 7mM/ »i*lV S J?_ ■ > iwi ■ ■ "ally cured me of -the weakness "®
® Xftva / v\w. * «??H «iV? and strengthened me in every way. ®
~ IlltVS^ **« % «qf4 - I. can now do any kind of hard ®
■ C *ii\*sSLi ' Je--i work without feeling fatigued, and c
© tb£k *>ilS^s^S*^i^M havo more energy and ambition X
m V^ml/v^S^iliisijftSJ** than I.' ever had. I consider that ®
*+l l &**K^^^^^^yl'lW: your Belt has done me a world of Q
® <flfflf(«rt«\V\VVW&k -Rood, and feel it my- duty to make ,
,-. ffiU\lVV\mwNjo«^f^awwJS^»fcw (t known for lam sure that others *
® Mlw^*SBC^^^^^ml^ro!fe6: f^om^the^us^f good that J have - ®
(?) VtW^^^^bL^^^^SSw rSramehdfthe Belt 6 and^give you ®
® HUWmvMSraNv lIUh^VVU 1 permission to use this letter as you ®
® i^f ne'c^ao^W^r'be^wlVhes^r^l
I ELECTRICITY IS LIFE D \ |
® This wonderful Belt fills the nerves ; and organs. with electricity every ®
6) night while you sleep. When you awake in the morning you are refreshed, /y,
Z. wide awake and full of the joy of living, for your ; nerves : are charged with X
® the vim the snap and "go" of ; life. Weakness vanishes, the drains * and ®
© nervous spells cease, and you soon recover all the vigor of a strong man. . . - q
I FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. |
® If you are weak, read Dr. Sanden's new book, ■■> "Three Classes of Men." ®
X It helps manhood. •It is sent by mail, free, on request, or can be had at the X
® office. Call and consult Dr. Sanden if you have a weakness. He will tell ®
® you candidly whether his Belt will cure you. His advice is free, whether ©
0 you buy a belt or not. If you cannot call, address q
®DR /\ T. SANDEN) * ~~ * ®
® '702 Ma'rktt Street, Corn.r Ke»rr.y, fen FraneiiM. NOT IN DRUG STORES. \ ®
X. Office hours. Ba,m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 10 : _ c...»«^1~tM.»,,*,^ d^i» !-f
©to 1. Branches at Los Angeles,. Cal.. 232 West :( . Dr. Sanden b . Elect ric Belt Q
fa Second, street: Portland, Or., 253 Washington iB never sold In drug stores (S)
w street: Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only W
®" Dallas, -Tex.. 285 • Main street: Butte,. Mont.. at our office. -V . ;. - 1 gj
p. 110 North Main street. '*— . . ....... .. v .. __.~ — ♦
©©0 ® ® ®.® ©©©© © © © ,® ,©,© ''o ®® ® 0.0.®
terior finishing until the advent of settled
fair weather.
A serious question has arisen within the
last two days as to the furnishing of the
hall. The Supervisors have been strug
gling with the matter for some time and
making desperate efforts to enter into
contracts for its performance. To this
end they allowed $85,000, and now have
bids in hand for the delivery of the goods.
However, Auditor Broderick has shied his
beaver into the ring announcing that the
city and county has no authority to ex
pend money for such a purpose— that it
must first be empowered by the Legisla
ture to do so, and that contractors will be
proceeding at their own risk if they enter
into an engagement with the Board of
Supervisors.
The feature of the situation that is now
creating particular anxiety, especially
among the Northenders, is the probable
attitude of the next Legislature. It will
devolve upon that body to see that the
equipment of the big building is provided
for, and it is presumed that if the proper
showing is made by rejpresentative citi
zens the required bill ■will be passed. But
if the completion of the hall continues to
lag as in the past the Solons may refuse
to act favorably. In which event the fa
mous Hall of Justice would not be avail
able for public use until some time in
1902.
This is a prospect that will arouse prop
erty-ffwners in that district to the reali
zation of the fact that it is necessary to
do some effective work immediately.
Another aspect of the conditioos is the
declaration of those alleged to be compe
tent judges that the building will not be
entirely out of the hands of the contrac
tors until the latteV part of 1900. They
present convincing arguments to back
their assertions, but the men who are
erecting the structure are making ninety
day promises
In the case of prolonged delay in con
struction it is a grave question as to
whether or not the Legislature will pro
vide for the furnishing of the building be
fore its completion. If they fail to do so
a wail will arise from the North side that
will be heard even in Sacramento. It is
stated that a committee will be appoint
ed by the residents of that section to at
tend the Legislature and urge prompt
and favorable action upon all matters af
fecting the early completion of the Hall
of Justice.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bash and Larkin sts. Swimming, Ru.- tan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater <lrect from ocean.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
M J Grammont, 111 ABC Dowdell, Cal
W .1 Shciie. S Barbra Q W Wilson, Vallejo
H L Luke, w & c. S 3 Starr. Stockton
Butte, Mont R M Green. Oroville
J G Schlelim. Pa G H Ballew, S Diego
H Thorp. Sacto H S Eberle. L Ang
A F Stander & w, Sac D Fine &. w. Hantord
F L Swear}'. Pa T Volmer, Fresno Co
W P Kelley, city G A Volmer. Cal
T C Cronan. Mass Mrs H S Johns, Cal
J E Terry & w, Sacto F T Volker. N V
T C Tucker, Sacto P T Cropsey, Hon'lulu
M R Moorse, Chgo D Hollister, Cal
H M Beck & w, Chgo H R Farley, Cal
H A McCrarey. Sacto B Berry L Angeles
R Harris & w, Sacto J W Houston, Cal
W B de Jarratt, Cal Fred Dndd, Fresno
C C "Williams, Cal W H Young. Xapa
G T Harvey, Sonora E B Hornung, Cal
E R Johns, Portland F W Johnson, Cal
Mrs M F Wyatt Or E S Goaney. Ariz
Mrs T <: Powell, Or A Becker, city
H D Sides Ohio "VV E Definison. Cal
W H Boole & w. Cal W H Hilton, Cal
B F Shepherd, Cal S A Chase. Cal
E T Cosper. Tulare J N Kussell. Kansas
F W McNalr, Cal iE M Thompson, Reno
A J Sanson, Lodi ] Mrs L Shaver, Cal
James Dowdell, Cal i J E Jones, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
A Miller, X V F Curtis, X T
Mrs Miller. N V H McVictor, N V
H H Wefel Jr, Chicgo J Griffin, Los Angeles
Mrs Wefel, Chicago A F Jones. Oroville
F L Stocaney, Pa J C Truex. Boston
H H Landsberger. Cal H Frank. X V
I Lundberg, Oakland j B U Steinman. Sacto
Mrs Lundberg, OaklndjF M Kraus. St Louis
R E Steele. Peacadero E Reiter, Cleveland
F Baudry, Cal J H Gill, X V
Mrs F Baudry, Cal Col Barber, X V
J A Chaustor, Los An E G Goodman Jr Cal
C Downing, Ariz N G Petersen, S Rosa
Mrs Downing. Ariz L King, X V
I X Cross. England J B Quigley. Saeto
Mrs I X Cross, Engld J W Finch, X V
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
A L Simpson & w, E V Abell & w Mich
,, T c J,l° . J X Suttfin, L Angeles
H Wilbur, Stockton P O'Ktrrell, Chicago
W Higglnson, Sacto Mrs L Freeman, Cal
.1 W Gibbons. Wash J B Joyce, X Maidco
W J Ledger, Spokane M Carlson. Colfax
T G Parker. Portland J Peters, Stockton
G W Nelson, Cal
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, IS9B.
DRINKS A DEADLY POTION,
THEN CALMLY WAITS THE END
Mrs. M. Wittmeier, Widow of "Bottle" Meier, Concert-Hall Keeper,
Takes Her Life Apparently Without Cause.
MRS. Magdalena Wittmeier, widow
of "Bottle" Meier, was found dead
in her bed by her servants ■"•ester
day mornin- Beside her was a
phial of strychnine, while a wine
glass half full of water also con
tained crystals of the same poison. For
a time the police thought she had been
the victim of foul play as all her money
was missing. After a more thorough
search this was found hidden away in an
old valise.
The dead woman is known to seafaring
men the world over. For nearly thirty
years she has conducted a music hall, of
which the men who ".o down to the sea
in ships have been the principal patrons.
McGLADE WENT
SADLY BACK TO
THE TANKS
Could Not Secure Suf
ficient Bonds.
Peter W. McGlade, the defaulting book
keeper in the Street Superintendent's of
fice, appeared in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday and was greeted by a
large number of friends who had gath
ered in the courtroom. He was kept
shaking hands for some time and looked
pleased and confident.
The case was called and by consent was
continued until Friday. Attorney Metson,
who appeared for the defendant, asked
that the bonds of $10,000 be reduced to
$5000, and the Judge said he would consult
the Chief of Police and give his decision
later, as he understood other charges
were to be preferred against the defend-
ant.
During the afternoon McGlade's friends
thinking the bonds had been reduced got
John C. Peterson. 719 Liberty street, and
H. S. Dlmond of Williams. Dimond & Co.
to become his sureties and the bond was
accepted by Judge Conlan on the under
standing that it had been reduced. Chief
Lees declined to release the defendant un
less on $10,000 bonds, and when Judge
Joachimsen was notified he agreed with
the Chief.
"I do not know what action will be
taken in the matter of investigating the
operations of Peter McGlade," saiu Super
intendent of Streets Ambrose last night,
when asn.ed if the search would go beyond
the August accounts. "Whoever did this
crooked work did not manipulate my
books. They are entirely straight, and if
there has been any other stealing of the
kind it can be very easily discovered by
'comparing the pay roll with the accounts
in the Auditor's office, and my books are
open to investigation.
"I must confess that I do not know how
the job could be carried through success
fully. In the first place the voucher had
to""be made out in the name of the ficti
tious laborer and should be sworn to by
the claimant before the clerk of tne Board
of Supervisors. It then had to be signed
by the Street Committee. From there it
would go to the Finance Committee and
receive their signatures. Then it would
come back to me for certification and
from my office it would go to the Auditor
for his signature. These bogus claims
never came before me. If they had I
would have readily detected them. They
were stamped with my signature and
signed 'Peter McGlade, deputy.'
"This might have gone on indefinitely if
lt had not been discovered that some one
had been swindling salary brokers to the
extent of hundreds of dollars, the opera
tions dating since last May. As soon as I
discovered these things I notified the
Mayor that the city was being defrauded
and also informed his Honor that my
bookkeeper was missing. The exposure
followed.
"McGlade, if he is the culprit, had no
excuse whatever for his conduct. He had
a good position under me and was well
treated. Furthermore he was so popular
and capable that he could always have
procured a desirable job in Borne one of
the municipal offices. I have no idea as to
what may develop further in this case. I
do know, however, t-.at I have not been
to see Mr. McGlade and do not want to
see him or have anything to do with him.
My sympathy goes to his innocent wife.
Whether or not McGlado had anything to
do with the operations of Cardova i have
no knowledge."
It is said that those responsible for the
safety of the city's funds suspect that
this clever bunko work has been going on
for a long time, and that they will take
measures to thoroughly investigate the
matter. All that is necessary is to com
pare the Auditor's books with those of the
Street Department to ascertain the ex
tent of the Bteal.
McGlade confidently expected to be re
leased on bail, but when it came to the
"show down" he could not furnish the re
quired $10,000 bonds and had to return to
the tanks for the night.
Pretty boxes of good writing paper,
sterling silver desk padg, letter-openera,
penholders, match and stamp boxes, pen
cil-holders and ink-stands. Good for
Chri6tmas preaents. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
Her husband was the first man in Cali
fornia to place beer in bottles, hence his
sobriquet of "Bottle"Meier, by which
he was better known than by his own
name of "Wittmeier.
He amassed a fortune at the business
of bottling beer and died four years ago
with an estate appraised at $25,000. It
consisted of a ranch in Santa Clara Coun
ty; the property, 513 Pacific street, where
the concert hall is conducted and where
the woman died; a house and lot on
Stockton street, near Jackson, and flats
on Baker street, between Fulton and
Grove. At his death there were certain
incumbrances, and to remove these the
widow mortgaged the Pacific street prop
erty for $6000. The property was all left
to the widow, but she had' to defend her
right to it as a son of the dead man, issue
of a former marriage, contested the will.
The court gave the widow all.
The police can find no cause for the
woman taking her life. The nearest ap-
ELECTED A VETERAN
FOR THEIR COMMANDER
Edward A. Bullis, Who Is Now the Head of George H Thomas
Post, 6. A. R., Served in the Rebellion.
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST, G. A. R., met last evening in Ruby Hall and
elected officers for the ensuing year and also fifteen delegates to the Depart
ment Encampment to be held next spring at San Diego. The election of offi
cers resulted aa follows: Post commander, Edward A. Bullis; senior vice
commander, A. Mautner; junior vice commander, Eugene Wiegand ; quartermaster,
C. H. Blinn; surgeon, George Hardcastle; chaplain, William Royal; officer of the
day. P. Welch; officer of the guard, W. E. B. Bartholow; trustees— W. R. Parnell,
C E. Wilson and Philip I. Fisher. Beyond the election of the officers and delegates
there was no other business transacted by the post.
Edward A. Bullis, the newly elected commander, was born in Fort Coving
ton, N. V., and when 17 years old he enlisted as a private, in 1861, in the Ninety
eighth Regiment, New York Volunteer Infantry, which joined the Army of the
Potomac under the command of General George B. McClellan at the beginning
of the siege of Yorktown in the spring of .1562.
The regiment was assigned to Naglees brigade. Keyes' Fourth Army Corps.
After the capture of Yorktown the regiment participated in the battle of Wll
llamsburg, and later was in the extreme advance, following the enemy under the
command of the Confederate general, Joseph E. Johnston, up the peninsula. The
regiment, being in Casey's division, bore the brunt of the enemy's savage attack
at the battle of Fair Oaks, and lost everything except what the men had on their
backs when they went into the fight, the division being driven back across the
Chickahominy and its camps captured by the enemy. Eight thousand men on
either side were lost in the engagement. The Ninety-eighth sustained heavy
loss in the seven days' battles terminating with Malvern Hill. During this series
of engagements the Federal losses footed up 33.000 men, and the total loss to the
Union army during the disastrous peninsula campaign was 74,000 men.
In December, 1862, the regiment -was detached from the Army of the Potomac
and assigned to an expedition which sailed from Fortress Monroe under command
of General Foster to capture Charleston, S. C. The fleet was scattered by a
heavy gale off Cape Hatteras. in which Ericsson's Monitor foundered and sank
Later the attack on Charleston by the Union fleet was repulsed, eight monitors
being disabled in forty minutes by the Confederates' terrific cannonade. The
regiment was then sent to North Carolina and assigned the duty of guarding the
railroad in the extensive swamps between Morehead City and Newbern. By this
time the Ninety-eighth was reduced by death and disease from its original 1000
men to less than 400, and was consolidated into a battalion. In this unhealthy
location young Bullis was stricken with malarial fever, which necessitated his
discharge from the army.
He arrived In this city In 1864, where he has since resided. After the death
of the late Nathaniel Hunter In 1893 Mr. Bullis was appointed by the Board of
Supervisors to succeed him as Superintendent of Interment of ex-Union Soldiers,
which position he still holds.
proach to one developed in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday. Mrs. Wittmeier
was on the bond of M. Garten in the sum
of $1000, and the prisoner failed to answer
to his name when his case was called on
Monday morning. The bonds were de
clared forfeited and proceedings were to
be commenced to collect. Garten
is charged with having embezzled dia
monds to the value of $170 from M. Bra
valasky, a jeweler at 289 Seventh street.
The body of decedent was found by
Fred Jacobsen. an attache of the concert
hall. When Mrs. Wittmeier did not ap
pear at the customary hour in the morn
ing the Japanese servant became alarmed
and summoned Jacobsen. He went to her
room and found her dead. She had ap
parently retired, taken the deadly po
tion, folded her hands on her breast and
calmly awaited death. Her only known
relative is a brother, who resides on the
Santa Clara ranch. He was notified im
mediately of her death.
THE EMPORIUM.
r OPEN EVENINGS. )' • f 5
__ «
, ■■'i -." Holiday Concert {by, Baldwin Theater Orchestra every evening *
, this, week at 7:30 o'clock, except Saturday/when the Emporium Or- J
chestra will play as usual.
Special Sale Jhs?
-•; Tailor Dresses '00 '' I
TO-DAY WEDNESDAY) ONLY FROM A^^v *
9A.M.TO W P. M.-SECOND "' /> JaYV;.: ♦
AND LAST SPECIAL SALE OF /iMiWi' *
DRESSES. ■;, //V^^ffe^ *
Without reserve, our entire stock of ; VNs. J° I/ $
over 500 new stylish Tailor Dresses— no old ' '//A /r 951 S ♦
ones— nothing but the best, newest styles ' WmA^LJ] "5! J
and makes, both jacket and waist effects, il/P\X r ' ♦
go on sale to-day at these extraordinary • ''I^^, Jl • *
reduced prices: /'> \\\\ IW *
All $15, $16.50 and $18 Tailor Dresses. // V \ Jl l J
. ..!.. ........ ......,.....$lO.OO. /X, \\\\ h-$
All $20 and : $22.50 Tailor Dresses. 14.50 /Ij -X ; \|\ '// *
All $25 and $27.50 Tailor Dresses. 18.00 M x // \\ \. . '/ J
All $30 and $32.50 Tailor Dresses. 50 /%^/ A\ •# *
All $35 and $40 Tailor Dresses. . . 25.00/ /^T| ., )) WV -j 1
All $50 and $60 Tailor Dresses. . . . 33 - 00 WL_|J^4 " \/^^ «
.i All $70 and $80 Tailor Dresses .... 45.00 " *
Owing to the extremely -low 7 prices all alterations on these *
dresses will be charged extra. <>
• ".' - — ■ — - — ■." '■ — ■■ . " r"'~~lf^*S^^s^;::r "'~~ lf^*S^^5^; :: <#,
GROCERIES AND LIQUORS. |
;-•; A dozen very special prices for Wednesday and ♦
Thursday only. . Use Direct Grocery Telephone South
59 when you cannot come in person. ; «
ROLLED OATS— Choice fresh Eastern, ROYAL DUTCH COCOA— I-lb tins, __ J
Wednesday ; and Thursday 10 lbs >*- regularly 90c, for two days ........ / OC <f"
for ......... ...... ............... ...... ...... 40C DOMESTIC BRANDY— Excellent for J
SAL — Buy while it's cheap, ,»- cooking — ".- -2,
for 2 days 30 lbs for .............. ... Full quarts— Reduced from 85c to 65c vj
' TABLE FRUITS— First quality Cher- j Gallons— from $2.75 t0.... 52.25 *,
ries, Grapes or Blackberries,, 1-lb .- SHERRY IVINE—A good, reliable ar- *
tins, for two days, per d0zen......... 4OC tide, regularly 75c gallon, for two'--.'' ,*
LEMON EXTRACT— Burnett's 8-ounce, days.. ...;............ ...;.....^.... OUC 1
regularly 70c bottle, Wednesday . ft KENTUCKY BELLE— A splendid Bour- «
and Thursday 6UC bon, Wednesday and Thursday, quart ,_ ♦
VANILLA EXTRACT— 8-ounce, bottle.-......::....:... 65C *
regularly $1 bottle, Wednesday and ftc EXTRA CLARET— Medoc type, •** . ft i
Thur5day:.............".... O3C special for 2 days, quarts, per doz. $0.41)
■-■;■ . ■< ■ •'•; . ■ .. ■ . ..-.■....:-. .• -• -*
,' ; ; /. : ■';■■: : ;. • :*: *
|HE fM£NtIUM I
1 ■ P OokleniTule ftayaar. T^ • 3i>
1 C<U./FOHNis4'S LARGEST— AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE- 2,
RIVALED THE
FROG, HOT THE
NIGHTINGALE
Di Franchi Thought
He Could Sing.
The trouble between Antonio Rosso and
Francisco di Franchi, which resulted in
the murder of the one by the other last
Sunday night, was found yesterday to
have been occasioned by a wager Franchi
had made with a saloon-keeper that he
could sing better than the dispenser of
liquid refreshments. Rosso was the judge
in the test of the respective vocal abili
ties of the two men, and deciding against
Franchi incurred that gentleman's dis
pleasure. A quarrel followed, and in self
defense Rosso shot the loser. of the bet.
Rosso, who until recently had been
■working in this city, but for the past
month had been employed in the mines
at Black Diamond, returned to San Fran
cisco Sunday. In the evening, at the sa
loon of Giacomo Verdugi, 324 Broadway,
he met Franchi. Over their cups Ver
dugi and Franchi both claimed to be sing
ers, and each thought that his voice was
better than that of the other. A wager
of a dollar a side was made, and Rosso
was chosen as stakeholder and Judge.
Each of the contestants rendered his best
selection in his best manner, and after
careful consideration Rosso awarded the
decision to the saloon-keeper.
The contest being decided, a question
arose as to what should be done with the
stakes. An agreement was finally made
that Verdugi's dollar should be returned
to him and that of Franchi spent for
liquor. When 70 cents had gone over the
bar and its value in drinks had been
passed back and had been consumed all
had as much "thirst poison" as was
wanted. Rosso offered the remaining 30
cents to Franchi, who refused it, and ag
gressively demanded what right Rosso
had to spend his money. An explanation
was made to him, but he was not satis
fied, and left the saloon with the threat
that Rosso would not sleep in bed that
night. Rosso staid in the saloon a short
time, and when he went out into the
street he was accosted by Franchi, and
the quarrel began anew. Franchi drew a
gun, and, according to Rosso, fired it
Thinking himself about to be murdered.
Rosso brought his pistol into action and
fired three times at Franchi, killing him
instantly.
Franchi has had a bad reputation for
some time, and was formerly connected
with the Mafia in New Orleans. About ten
years ago he was in San Francisco and
served a term of six months in the Coun
ty Jail. While eating in a restaurant a
woman who knew him entered the place
and as a joke took some shrimps from a
plate in front of him. H« assaulted her,
and a gentleman who saw the disturb
ance interfered. Franchi drew a revolv
er, but was disarmed. Later he was ar
rested and convicted of assault. Soon
after his release from jail he went to j
New Orleans and was connected with the
Mafia during the trouble there. He was
deputized by the Mafia to kill Domenico
Pari, a barber who had offended the or- |
der. He followed Pari to Boston, from i
there to Chicago, and from there to San
Francisco. Pari left this city and Fran- I
chi also disappeared. While he was away
from hero he had trouble at various
places, among others at Denver, from
which city he was driven by the police.
The first of the present year Pari, who is
godfather of a daughter of Dr. Galeoto,
residing at 423 Montgomery avenue, re
turned to San Francisco to visit his
friends. Last July he learned that
Franchi was still on his trail, so he left
for Chicago. Franchi came back to the
city two months later. Par' intended to
come to San Francisco for the Christmas
holidays, and the death of Franchi will
probably render the carrying out of this
intention more certain.
Franchi has been regarded as a bad
man, but was thought to be a good deal
of a bluffer. In New Orleans he had
trouble with a man named Angelo Fer
rant and drew a gun on him. Ferrant
knocked the pistol from his hands, bit a
piece out of his nose and shot him in the
leg. The scars on the nose and leg were
found on the body as it lay in the Morgue
Three weeks ago in the saloon of Sal
vador Smario, 424 Broadway, Franchi
drew a revolver on a man during a quar
rel, but the saloon-keeper took it away
before he could do any damage. Franchi
was ordered away from the place and
told not to return. He came back, how
ever, about a week ago, and in a quarrel
over a game of cards he again made a
show of a pistol and was disarmed. Tb-*
night he was shot ne again returned <o
Smario'e saloon and was ejected on ac
count of bis quarrelsome disposition.
THE EMPORIITM.
Hon. Carl Sohtirt.
Eminent Americans
<who hawe been engaged to
contribute to the entertain-
ment of readers of . . .
the YOUTH'S
COMPANION
during the 52 iveeks of 1 899,
include menandiuomenoftbe
most varied pursuits. Note-
qvorthy among them <wiltbet
HON. CARL SCHURZ,
The Lincoln-Douglas Debate*
HON. C. D. WRIGHT,
Where Living Is Cheapest*
DR. MARY P.JACOBI,
The Growing Child.
HON. JOHN D. LONG,'
LUtle Demons of War.
PROF. N. S. SHALER,
Klondikes Old and New.
The Companion Calendar
FREE to New Subscribers.
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
who send $1.75 now, mentioning
this paper or cutting out and en-
closing this slip, will receive The
Companion every week from the
time of subscription to Jan., 1900,
including the beautiful Holiday
Numbers and The Companion's
Calendar for 1899, lithographed
in 12 colors and gold— an exquisite
household ornament. S B 384
PERRY MASON A COMPANY,
Boston, Mass.
809 MARKET ST. :
FA IN LESS DENTISTRY
jrjZ&K&L 5 GUARANTEED.
&&M ll TEETH WITHOUT
•TOR : -- V 1 PLATES A SPECIAaJHg,
' ilSii i^^ jH Full Set of Teeth, «>
jV **3F^ V^l training- free...s4JSO «)
,Ty ■■'.■" ' 2l\. 1 .''■-' Gold Crowns, 2Zi...r.~\r.7T,
J&^^B^k illlnp: ..85c up
fc^B3T^ ELECTRO DENTAL
■Hj^^pS^^^g ;' Suite -. 7, Flood ; Building,
b&slm&teamjMs* 809 market st.
G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Office Hrs.— a.m.- to 10 p.m.: Sun.. 9to 2 p.m.
Moet &
diaudon
- White Seal (Grande, Cuvee) Champagne
now on the market does great honor to this
.famous house.— Hotel Gazette. .. .
Tiffiggaßi^RUPTiißiE^.;;
C W£J\T7~S' j^^ USE NO MORE IRO^
I • ssSSfuSfiSi^ls*!^ Hocps ■or Steel Springs,
Pi RUPTURE.
I USE NO MORE IRON
Bocps or Steel Spring*,
Kupture retained with east
M-^ifRJsS: and comfort, and thousands radl-
E BT^/m^ -•-■ cally , CURED by DR. PIERCB'S 4
- %:<//i7V' Magnetic Elastic Truss. ; C7C»!I i at '
.*- "otnce or write for New Pamphlet No. V
% V MAGNETIC ; ELASTIC TRUSS . CO., ■ " *- Vi
[ i (10 Market it.; cpp. Palace Hotel, San FrMclica
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 7, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tfols city and surrounding, towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street. ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS 4! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2591 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
AMUSEMENT*
California — "A Roy Wanted Just for Fun."
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary.'*
Tlvoll— "Cyrano de Bergerac"
Morosoo'B— "Blacklisted."
Comedy Theater— " Ole Olson."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Gorrllla man, vaudeville and the zoo.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
6utro's Bath? — SwimmlnK.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Columbia — Press Club Entertainment, Thursday After-
noon, December 8,
Sherman - Clay Hall— Piano Recltai Friday Evening, De-
cember ?.
Oakland Race Track — Races to-day.
Rnsenthal— Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day. at I€lS Steiner street, at
11 a. m.. Furniture. .^____^_
FIREPROOF BUILDINGS.
THE recent fire which attacked some of the high
est buildings in New York City demonstrated
the utility of the fireproof method of construc
tion. The ordinary layman, with but cursory knowl
edge oi architecture, is of course unable to discuss
this matter in more than general terms. Anybody
can realize, however, that what would in other days
have been a frightful conflagration, resulted only in
the loss of half a million dollars, a large part of this
embraced in the destruction of an old building, in
construction of which modern methods oi fireproof
ing had not been employed.
The term "fireproof" is relative. There is no sub
stance which may utterly defy the action of heat.
Science holds the theory that in the untold future the
earth itself may be dissolved by the heat generated j
through contact with some other planet. Architects j
have done much, however, to baffle the flames. Imag- .
me an edifice twenty or more stories in height catch- j
ing fire so high up as to be almost out of reach of j
the strongest streams the engines can throw, a gale !
blowing at sixty miles an hour, and yet the fire j
beaten back with only a trifling loss. The circum
tance is a tribute to the genius of designer and crafts- j
man.
When wooden or inflammable buildings catch fire
a great danger arises from the flying particles. A
shower of blazing shingles may carry ignition to a
distant point. In the fireproof building there is noth
ing light to fly. Metal, brick and stone make up the
substance, and while flames may cause it to disinte
grate or melt, to do so they would have to be applied
directly and for a long time. In fact, the peril has
been so modified that with the general introduction of
fireproof structures it would disappear.
The lesson should not be lost on San Francisco.
We have had our Baldwin, and to-day the dead are
dug from its blackened ruins. Yet there are others
now being put up which, at least to the untrained
eye, have all the seeming of a Baldwin flimsiness.
A QUESTION OF HEROISM.
THE widow of the late train-robber, Beam, he who
went hence laden with buckshot, does not ap
pear to be of the hysterical sort. Her emotions
are not expressed to the accompaniment of tears.
In fact, the widow, while she does not say so, is sen
sible enough to be glad. She does not regard the
deceased as having been a hero, although surprised at
his exhibition of nerve. "A man who beats hi 9
wife," she says calmly, "is mean enough to do any
thing," and doubtless she is right. Such a man ought
to be buck shot whether o: not he ventured into
bolder crime. The widow stands ready to identify
the bandit's pistol, because she had once been struck
on the head with it and acquired a vivid and lasting
impression of its aspect.
There is manifest now and then a tendency to
look upon the train-robber as brave and dashing.
When the fact is considered that he may be a vulgar
wife-beater, and, if so, certainly a coward, the dime
rovel glamour departs. Outside of Missouri the
train-robber never achieved personal popularity. In
California he is distinctly persona non grata, and
when he is killed we applaud. There might be a
passing impulse to give him credit for courage, and
to fancy that desperation had driven him to wicked
ness, but learning that he was wont to beat his wife,
Was a lazy loafer and a gambler of the variety known
as "tin horn," we readily dismiss the prompting of
charity. The train-robber is not a hero, and the con
ditions under which an Indian is good apply to him
also.
THE ZANTE CURRENT.
THE tariff on Zante currants is the tariff on
raisins, no matter what duty is put on Valencias
and Malagas. - •
The President's recommendation that Zante cur
rants be made free will alarm the raisin-growers of
California, who know well the effect of free currants
en their prosperity. . '.
Perhaps the married woman who thrashed a masher
while her husband held him was impelled by a
righteous indignation, and yet she would have lost
nothing by permitting the husband to administer the
correction;
■ »
A rumor is heard occasionally that one Sam Waller,
to whom a recent suicide left a measure of kisses, in
tends to sue somebody for libel. This cannot be cred
ited. There is a limit even to the cheek of Waller.
The officer who brought McGlade back from New
Mexico pronounces the prisoner a gentleman. Per
haps in the Territory the term "gentleman" does not
have exactly the significance attached to it her'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
THE PERILS OF VICTORY.
AT the meeting of the New York State Bar Asso
ciation in 1896 were delivered two addresses of
remarkable power, and each had a distinct
bearing upon the situation which develops at the close
of our Spanish war. One of these addresses was by
Chauncey M. Depew, on "Patriotism and Jingoism."
It was intended as a criticism of President Cleveland's
Venezuelan message, but in it was a vein of profound
philosophy. Sketching the downfall of Roman lib
erty he said:
"A craze for conquest had created armies, wonder
ful victories had made famous generals, and triumphal
processions had inflamed and intoxicated the people.
Cicero saw what no other statesman of
his period did, that beside the captive
chained to the chariot of the conqueror as it
proudly rolled along the Appian way with the acclaim
of the multitude stalked also in chains the figure of
Roman liberty. * * * When Cicero's throat was
cut upon the highway by the soldiers of Antony, the
body of the Roman law, which protected life and
property, and judicially decided rights and remedied
wrongs, and which had been five hundred years in
slow and laborious construction, was buried with his
blood. * * * The falling temple of liberty car
ried down in its ruins civilization, law, learning, art,
humanity and religion."
Mr. Depew continued with an argument for the ar
bitration of all international disputes and differences,
to the end that war might be averted and the sleep
ing tiger in the breasts of men might not be roused
by a lust of conquest and the glitter of arms. Describ
ing our relations to surrounding countries, he said:
"To the south of us is Mexico, with only twelve mil
lions of people, of whom ten millions are Indians,
uneducated and degraded. We need fear nothing from
Mexico, nor do we want her. That population incor
porated into our political system would corrupt our
suffrage. The Presidency of the United States and
the political control of the republic might be decided
by the Indians of Mexico."
It does not destroy the strength of his protest,
against militarism and imperialism that Depew has
changed and is now an expansionist of high degree. It
rather enforces his classic analogy from the history
of Rome. Cicero, overawed by the steady advance of
Caesar's power, abated his high opposition to im
perialism, though his death was brought about by
Antony's lack of faith in the sincerity of his abandon
ment of former opinions. •
The other address at the same meeting was deliv
ered by Hon. Moorfield Storey, president of the
American Bar Association. He expressed the satis
faction with which he had listened to Mr. Depew,
and said:
"I fear for our country a successful war more than
any other calamity. We can survive defeat, but it will
be very difficult to preserve our institutions against
victory. The triumph of Rome in the second Punic
war paved the way for the downfall of the Roman re
public. We must be certain that we are different from
every other nation before we expose ourselves reck
lessly to the evil influences which they have failed to
resist. * * * It is at least clear that we do not
want one foot of foreign territory. There is no neigh
boring people that are so clearly able to govern
themselves honestly and well that we can afford to let
them take part in governing us. Does it seem wise
to you for us to undertake the labor of instructing
Senators from Hawaii or Cuba m the principles of
sound currency, when we cannot teach them to the
Senators from our new States, or even to those from
Pennsylvania? Is it not idle for us to attempt to gov
ern Cuba when we find it so difficult to govern the
city of New York? Reformers all over the country
are continually claiming that the g-eat difficulty which
we have in the administration of this government
comes from the presence, in the midst of us, of for
eigners. Those foreigners are here, under our sys
tem, subject to our police, educated in our
schools and by our press, and taking part
in the solution of problems with which we
are called upon to deal. If we cannot control them,
what, do you think, would be the result of adding
I to our body politic whole states of foreigners, not sub
ject to our police, unfamiliar with our institutions, or
I even with our language, and not subject to any of the
{ influences of education or association to which our
I nationalized citizens are now exposed? • * ♦ The
I best war that was ever fought was the War of the Re
bellion, but it left behind a legacy of party spirit, of
extravagance, of taxation, of corruption, which has
stood between us and good government for thirty
years. We are finding it impossible to decide what
I our dollar is now, thirty years after that war closed.
Can we afford to let our rulers, for no cause that
concerns us. expose us not only to the material con
j sequences of another war in the loss of life and prop
erty, increased taxation and fresh pensions, but to the
far more terrible demoralization which war causes?"
It will be noticed in what we have quoted of these
addresses that neither of these eminent lawyers con
ceded that foreign territory and people could be
added to our system for any other purpose than in
corporation into our body politic. Neither they nor
any other Americans, as recently as 1896, conceived
such a thing possible as stretching our system to
cover either the military or civil control of distant
provinces as imperial colonies, to be held subject to
our power but not to the laws by which the republic
is governed.
Depew and Storey were expressing the traditions
and uttering the spirit of the laws of the republic only
two years ago, and the fact that what they considered
so foreign to both as not to be mentioned as a part of
our national policy is now supported as a legitimate
and proper national concern illustrates the wide de
parture we have taken and gives sharp edge to Mr.
Storey's belief that our institutions would hardly sur
vive victory in a foreign war.
THE LAST MOPE OF THE SILVERITES.
SENATOR MORGAN of Alabama is old and
sick, but he is one of the kind of pugnacious
creatures to whom fighting is an instinct, and,
weak as he is, he is still challenging the world on the
silver question. He has succeeded in convincing him
self that the stars in their courses are fighting for free
silver, and in that conviction is striving to arouse the
despondent Bryanites to renewed battle.
The new hope of the old fighter is ba<ed upon the
assumption that the imperialistic jingoes will carry
out their policy of expansion by annexing all the
former colonies of Spain, and that the addition of
these silver-using peoples to our population will make
a demand for silver, which our Government can meet
only by granting the free coinage of that metal.
The Senator believes not only that free silver will
win after imperialistic expansion, but that it will win
without a fight. He is quoted as having stated in a
recent interview: "The expulsion of Spanish money,
which is silver, from Porto Rico and the Philippines,
and its replacement by American money, together
with the vastly increased demands of trade, will, in
my judgment, increase the value of silver bullion to
such an extent that there will be no more contention
over the coinage question."
Here we have more trouble in sight; clouding the
prospects of the annexation policy. We are not only
to annex the pestilential islands of the Oriental
tropics, add their mongrel inhabitants to our popula
tion, expose our workingmen to the competition of
coolies worked by gigantic trusts, but we are also to
bring our money down to their level. Once started
on such a career, our expansionists and money
tinkers may proceed to annex some Chinese province
with millions of people and then demand the free
coinage of copper.
However, the situation is not so bad as it seems
from the statement of the Alabama Senator. His
conclusions are not founded upon any basis of rea
son. Even if we annex all the islands in sight, there
will be no change in the monetary situation. The
price of silver bullion will not be affected in the least
by the substitution of the star-spangled banner for
the Spanish flag at Manila and San Juan. The money
standard of the islanders will be adjusted to our own,
and ours will remain the same.
The Senators words are not unworthy of note,
however, and should not be overlooked. They show
what hopes are animating some of the annexationists.
The expansion of the republic into a colonial empire
is to be made, if possible, a means of expanding our
monetary system beyond the solid gold standard into
free silver and fiatism.
THE NICARfIGUAN CANfIL.
rROM the statements made in the Presidential
message concerning the Nicaraguan canal, it is
likely that long discussed project will be brought
to an issue during the coming winter. At any rate
very strong reasons will be required to bring about
a further delay after the urgent recommendations of
the President for immediate action.
The message gives a clear statement of the circum
stances which make prompt action imperative. It
appears that overtures have been made to the Gov
ernments of Nicaragua -and Costa Rica for a new
canal concession, predicated on the assumed ap
proaching lapse of the Maritime Canal Company.
Now it is upon the basis of the contracts, plans and
surveys of the Maritime Canal Company that our
governmental inquiries into the enterprises have been
made, and if that company loses its rights and a new
concession is granted, a serious complication will
ensue.
The President has not hesitated, he says, to ex
press his convictions "that considerations of ex
pediency and international policy between the sev
eral governments interested in the construction and
control of an interoceanic canal by this route require
the maintenance of the status quo until the canal com
mission shall have reported, and the United States
Congress shall have had an opportunity to pass fin
ally upon the whole matter during the present sep
sion."
It appears that, nevertheless, the Government of
Nicaragua, as one of its last acts before becoming
one of the United States of Central America, granted
an optional concession to another association to be
come effective on the expiration of the present grant.
Upon that showing the President says:
"All these circumstances suggest the urgency of
some definite action by Congress at this session if the
labors of the past arc to be utilized and the linking
of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by a practical
waterway is to be realized. That the construction of
such a maritime highway is now more
than ever indispensable to that intimate and
ready intercommunication between our East
ern and Western seaboards demanded by the an
nexation of the Hawaiian Islands and the prospective
expansion of our influence and commerce to the Pa
cific, and that our national policy now more impera
tively than ever calls for its control by this Govern-
ment, are propositions which I doubt not Congress
will duly appreciate and wisely act upon."
Strong as are the reasons given why the measure
should be acted upon at once, and popular as the en
terprise is with the people, the subject is not going
to be brought to an issue without a hard fight. It
may prove to be the great contest of the session. A
persistent effort will be made to prove that a canal
across the isthmus anywhere would not pay because
there is no regular trade route through that portion of
the globe, and that if there is to be a canal it would
be better at Panama than at Nicaragua. The Panama
Company has a strong lobby at Washington and is
organized for the work that will be required of it.
The critical period in the history of the great en
terprise has been reached. The time for action has
arrived. The friends of the measure should now put
forth every energy and make the fight vigorously in
both houses.
NOT (\ PRISON REFORM.
IT is not at all difficult to agree with Prison Director
Devlin, whose minority report on prison discipline
•has just been published, that one of the worst
things which the coming Legislature could do would
be to adapt the indeterminate sentence system to the
State prisons of California.
It is easy to talk about the benefits the adoption of
such a system would confer upon persons sent to
prison for crime, but once the thing is contemplated
in all its phases it is seen that it would completely rob
the bastile of its terrors and substitute for the sen
tences of the Judges the pull of the politicians. No
man could be kept in prison a moment if he had a
pull, and the effect of placing it within the power of
anybody to terminate sentences at pleasure would be
a general jail delivery at Folsom and San Quentin.
It may be, as Director Devlin says, that such a plan
could profitably be adapted to a separate institution
and so organized as to apply to offenders under a cer
tain age, but we doubt even that. The chief efficacy
of punishment for offenses against the law is the cer
tainty with which it is inflicted. The moment crim
inals are informed that they can get out of prison with j
the aid of their friends, one strong restraint upon
crime will be broken down. One great objection to
the present pardon system is that it holds out hope to
every man in prison of ultimately getting out. One
half the time of the Governor and the Prison Direct- I
ors is taken up hearing applications for pardon which
are entirely without merit, but which it is difficult for
them to resist.
If the Legislature is going to do anything it should
amend the laws so as to sweep away all chance of a
man getting out of prison who has once been sen
tenced. Commutations and reprieves are all right, but
pardons may be safely dispensed with. To introduce
indeterminate sentences would break down prison dis
cipline entirely, and they should not be thought of for
a moment.
We are astonished that the Prison Directors should
have recommended any such change. They ought to
know that in a State like California, where the admin
istration of justice at the very best is weak, the inno
vation would prove disastrous. There is too much
politics in the prisons already.
All that can be asked of the Alameda jury to try
Mrs. Mentel is that it shall not permit sympathetic
tears to blind its eyes to facts.
To be Governor of Illinois in strike times is an
honor not wholly free from discomfort
THE LATE JUDGE BORDER
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 5, 1898.
To the 1 -itor of The San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: It is fitting that
the late Rhodes Borden be held up before young men as a shining example
of the achievements of an unobstrusive gentleman, possessed of character
and of intellect. In a professional sense he was a genuine product of this
State and of all the contributions of the past that have entered into its
highest civilization. His success was due to merit. He was not a sham,
but a reality. He wore no pretentious decorations, typifying the selfish
element in fraternity. He had no following among the battered faces of bar
room politicians. He was totally devoid of the strut of blended dishonesty,
ignorance and cheek. And yet he won distinction and died in a judicial
office which symbolizes the strongest element in popular institutions.
All this resulted from unostentatious labor and lofty integrity, appre
ciated by the public. His election in November was in line with the num
erous other evidences of the discrimination and judgment of American
citizens. When he studied for the bar he applied his strong brain to the
absorption of principles and the development of the rare faculty of consecu
tive reasoning. He lost no time. He discarded frivolous amusements and
dissipations. He claimed no genius, the frequent excuse for laziness, but de
termined to become a lawyer and not a charlatan. When he commenced
practice it was soon observed that, while he was argumentative and tena
cious, he looked at all sides of every question, and that, without procras
tination, he was yet slow and careful in reaching conclusions, which, though
firmly held, were modestly and temperately expressed. Thus It happened
that, long before he was named for the office in which he died he was dis
cussed among leading members of the bar as singularly adapted to a judicial
career. I think it probable that before he was appointed by Governor Budd,
from a list which included worthy competitors, such voluntary letters in
his favor as have not often been written reached the executive office. He
had to follow the routine of our Superior Court and was assigned to the
trial of persons charged with crime, but, even there, in the brief interval
which preceded his death, he impressed the bar, his associates and the whole
community.
And so, amidst all the political evils which infest the State, Rhodes Bor
dent died, a recognized scholar, an accomplished lawyer, a pure and com
petent judge, a refined and well-mannered gentleman, a faithful citizen,
beloved and respected by his family and by his friends, and lamented
wherever he touched humanity.
Finis coronat opus. This life is worth the study and the imitation of
young men. PUBLICOL.A.
MR. BURNS AND HIS CANDIDACY.
It Excites the Derision oi the Newspapers That Do Not
Bend the Knee When Herrin Nods.
REASON WHY BURNS IS PRO
POSED.
(Los Angeles Herald.)
It is announced, almost or quite offi
cially, that Henchman Dan Burns of
San Francisco is slated by Uncle Collis
for the place now occupied in the Unit
ed States Senate by Hon. Stephen M.
White. People in this neighborhood
will readily grasp the meaning of tho
selection, so far as our local interests
are concerned.. It means that the
shrewd and tireless old lobbyist of the
Southern Pacific is preparing for a final
and formidable move to kill the harbor
project at San Pedro.
This is no false alarm. During the
late campaign Senator White earnestly
warned our people that the San Pedro
harbor project was by no means safe.
He intimated, in fact, that he had suf
ficient reason for the belief that Hunt
ington would aim to throttle the har
bor scheme if he secured control of the
State government, with the assurance
of a United States Senator, who would
do his bidding. And now comes the se
quel to that warning in the announce
ment that the notorious professor of
Southern Pacific politics, Dan Burns,
is the instrument selected by Hunting
ton to take the active lead in fighting
the harbor.
And now we may expect, when Sena
ator Dan Burns gets his chair fairly
warmed, that the wily old king of the
lobby will intimate that the Govern
ment is wasting money at San Pedro.
The influence of Huntington in the Sen
ate was shown before, and the friends
of San Pedro needed all the influence
they could command. There is a fit
ting adage to the effect that "as you
make your bed, so shall you lie."
DEMOCRATS MAY REJOICE.
(Visalia Times.)
It is not necessary to call any Demo
cratic witnesses to the stand to prove
that the railroad is now in politics. It
is not thinkable that the railroad would
dare elect a man of Burns' reputation
to the United States Senate, but De
Young and Spreckels know full well
AROUND THE
TV. I. N. Cross of England is at the
Palace.
L. Leadbetter of Stockton is a guest at
the Lick.
F. M. Kraus of St. Louis is a guest at
the Palace.
L. A. Richards of Grayson is registered
at the Russ.
Daniel Firm and wife of Hanford are
at the Grand.
Byron L. Reed, U. S. R. C. Grant, is at
the California.
Julius P. Witmark of New York is at
the California.
Charles V. Campbell and wife of Boston
are at the Palace.
B. M. Green of Oroville, a druggist, Is
a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. McGregor of Mare Island
are at the Occidental.
Peter O'Reilly of Dublin, Ireland, is a
guest at the Occidental.
Capitalist W. H. Hilton of Glen Ellen
is a guest at the Grand.
Colonel Barber of the First New York
Regiment is at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor B. U. Steinman of Sacramen
to is a guest at the Palace.
Attorney W. F. George of Sacramento
Is registered at the Grand.
TV*. V. Turkey, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, Is a guest at the Russ.
Ex-State Senator A. F. Jones of Oro
ville Is a guest at the Palace.
M. W. Mather of Plumbago, a miner of
that place, is at the Occidental.
A. B. C. and James Dowdell, merchants
of St. Helena, are at the Grand.
B. F. Shepherd, a prominent real estate
man of Fresno, is at the Grand.
J. B. Quigley, a prominent fruit-grower
of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Politician George B. Ballou of San
Diego is registered at the Grand.
T. F. Kelly of Seattle and William Niles
of Los Angeles are at the Occidental.
Banker George 12. Goodman Jr. and
wife of Napa are registered at the Palace.
William Currier of Portland and John
T. Greene of Santa Cruz are registered at
the Lick.
J. C. Turox of Boston and Horatio Mc-
Vickers of New York are registered at
the Palace.
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of bot
any at Stanford University, is a guest at
the California.
D. L. ConkUng, Miss Laura Wright and
Frank H. Wright, ail of Honolulu, are at
the Occidental.
W. J. Black, in advance of Hoyt's "A
Parlor Match" company, is registered at
the Occidental.
E. F. Smith, secretary of the State
Board of Agriculture, of Stockton is a
guest at the Lick.
John McGrifnn of Los Angeles, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Downing of Armona and
J. A. Chausler of Los Angeles are at the
Palace.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— W. 08. Mac
donough of San Francisco is at the "Wind
sor. R. S. Seibert of San Francisco is at
the Gerard.
the power of Huntington in the Repub
lican party, and they evidently believe
there is danger ahead. From a parti
san standpoint nothing could be better
for the Democratic party than the elec
tion of Burns, but there is something
greater to consider than partisanship,
and that is the interests of the State of
California. The Republican voters of
this State have shown a willingness to
stand almost anything, but we believe
they wfll draw the line on Dan Burns
for Senator.
WHY NOT HUNTINGTONP
(Del Monte Record.)
Colonel Burns, the Republican boss
of San Francisco, is being boomed for
the United States Senatorship from
California. Why not elect Huntington?
He and Depew of New York would
make a strong team in that corpora
tion bossed body.
COUNTRY PRESS AGAINST
BURNS.
(Santa Rosa Republican.)
That Colonel D. M. Burns is the
choice of the Southern Pacific Company
for the Senate is the general belief. The
company cannot afford to play fast and
loose with that gentleman and its po
litical manager was fairly trapped by
Messrs. de Young and Spreckels into
the disclosing of its intent in the mat;
ter. There is no getting away from
the proposition that the company de
sires the election of Colonel Burns. At
the same time it is a patent fact that
the company is against U. S. Grant
more determinedly than it is against
any other candidate under considera
tion.
The three leading Republican papers
of the State have declared against the
railroad and the man receiving its sup
port. There can be little doubt of the
country press falling in line with this
sentiment. The people do not wish the
railroad to elect the Senator and they
are opposed to the conferring of this
honor upon the man receiving the sup
port of the company. That the country
press -will quickly, declare this senti
ment is quite certain.
THEY WILL BE
THE OFFICERS
Various Societies Elect
New Leaders.
The following named will serve as the of
ficers of La Estrella Parlor, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, during the ensuing
term: Mrs. A. Aigeltlnger, P. P.; Mies Carrie
Fenstermaeher, P. ; Mrs. Lura Oltman, first.
Miss Julia Vasselin, second, and Mrs. Emma
Thierbach, third vice presidents; Miss Alice
Maunder. R. S. (re-elected); Miss Sophie As
mus, F. S. ; Mrs. Elsa Guenther, T. ; Mrs. Annie
Nichols, M.; Mrs. Anna Darneal, Dr. Lai lie
Boldemann and Miss Tillie Rothman, trustees.
Sunset Camp, Woodmen of the World,
at < Its last meeting was visited by
Head Adviser R. Fahy, Special Organizer
James H. Garratt and J. S. Patterson of
Golden Gate Camp. During the evening the
following officers were elected for the ensu
ing term: M. B. Frifibee, C. C. ; J. E. Hebruck.
L. A.; Charles W. Card, B. ; W. N. yon Tel
low, C. ; Charles W. Campbell, E. ; Angus P.
Harrold, W.
Court Independence of the Foresters of Am
erica has chosen the following officers for the
ensuing term: John Fury, C. R. ; John Kortie,
S. C. R.; William Reed. R. S. ; P. McGashlin.
F. S.; J. F. Grady, T.; Henry Gleason, S. W.j
Edward Kelly, J. W. ; Judge E. P. Mogan.
S. B.; George Marshall, J. B. ; Dr. F. X.
Zimmerman, physician.
The elected officers of Germania Lodge
No. 116 of the Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows who are to preside over the affairs of
the lodge lor the ensuing term are: F. Herin,
N. G. ; J. C. Haacke, V. G. ; Emll Nlemelr,
R. S. (re-electedv A. Bahrs, P. S. ; H. Weh
scr. T. ; William Becker, trustee.
California Lodge No. 1, Knights of Pythias,
hafl selected the following officers for the en
suing term: R. N. McLennan, C. C. ; H. T.
Bostaln, V. C. C. ; D. Gilbert Dexter, P.;
Henry Beaver, M. of W. ; W. Horace Cobb,
K. of R. and S. ; John Huber, M. of F. •
Frank Zelsing. M. n* E. ; M. H. Besson, M. at i
A. : L. Millman, I. G. ; M. Schumacher, O. G. ; i
Joseph Kramer and A. H. Browne, delegates ;
to the library.
Court Lincoln, Ancient Order of Foresters, \
has elected the following officers for the en- !
suing term: J. H. Duncan, C. R. ; Charles
Dodds, S. C. R. ; W. A. Dalzlel. F. S. ; R. X.
McLennan, F. S. ; Joseph Kramer, T ; W A [
Bryant, S. W.J W. R. Houston, J. W. ; G a' i
Edgerton, S. B. ; A. E. Craig, J. B. ; Dr A !
E. Brune, physician; Martin Streeter, H. C.
Poets and A. R. McCartney, trustees; E. A
Craigr, W. Bryant and W. L. Strowbrldge au
ditors.
Following are the officers of Lincoln Lodge
Of the Friends of the Forest, elected to serve
for the ensuing term: Mrs. May Trenell P •
Mrs. S. E. Tryon. P.; Mrs. M. Harmon,' c' : i
Mrs. M. E. Waldo. V.; Miss Ella Waldo F S : !
Miss Carrie Mayers, R. s. ; Miss O. M. HoflS
man; M. ; Miss Jennie Tronell, W. ; Miss Tillie
Sharpe. I. W.; B. Hoffman. O. G. ; Miss May
Burretm °vi *£™. B ur»ngame, Dr. Crawford
and John B. Williams, trustees; R N Mc-
Lennan, R. W. McGarvie and Mrs. B Macrett
auditors.
RELICS OF OLDEN TIMES.
Ancient Car Rails Soon to Be Re-
moved From Washington Street.
The officers of the Merchants' Associa
tion have been successful In gettinj? all of
the property owners on Washington
street, between Kearny and Montgomery,
to sign for a modern noiseless pavement.
In consequence the association has peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to adver
tise for bids to have this work done. As
the property owners wish to have the en
tire roadway paved the request Is mado
that the Supervisors remove the unusad
street-car rails that have been an eyesore
ever since the old two-horse cars ran on
Washington and Montgomery streets.
The removal of these old rails will be
the destruction of the relics of the first
street-car line in this city, for it was
over Washington and Sansome streets
that the first cars ran so far back that
only the oldest inhabitants remember the
date. Nearly all of the pioneers who mado
the trial trip over the road :>.n> now dead,
but it Is told that on that occasion there
was great excitement and not a few wera
decidedly opposed to the then modern In
novation. Walking was good enough for
the majority and the opposition to pro
gress was led by men who were interested
in bus lines that carried passengers to
what were then the suburbs of San Fran
cisco. The first fare over these old rails
was "two bits," although the distance
was not much over half a dozen blocks.
NOVEMBER IMMIGRANTS.
Four Hundred and Fourteen More or
Less Desirable Additions to
the Population.
The November report of United States
Immigration Commissioner North con
tains many interesting items. During
that month there were admitted at the
port of San Francisco 414 immigrants, of
whom 297 were males. The following na
tionalities were represented: Japan, 99;
England, 91; British Columbia, 64; Ha
waii, 26; Guam (Ladrone Islands). 25;
Australia, 16; Ireland, 10; Portugal, 4;
Siam, 1; Korea, 1. The remainder were
from Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Russia,
Italy and other countries.
Forty of the immigrants are under 14
years of age and thirty-five are over 45
years old. There were twenty illiterates —
unable to read their own language—di
vided as follows: 9 Guam Islanders, 7
Japanese, 1 Greek and 2 Mexicans. One
contract laborer was deported.
The following religions were represent
ed: Protestant, 229; Catholic, 91; Bud
dhist, 77; Hebrew. 6: not stated, 11.
They brought $61,380.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Henry T. Scott
of San Francisco is at the Shoreham. Mrs.
A. F. Gunn of San Francisco is at the
Riggs House.
Cal. glace fru-- 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by U»«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Dark gray Flemish, with ivory orna
ments, and old Dutch oaks. High grade
flits, superior in finish and design. Grace
ul oval gold frames, ajid the most beau
tiful line of framed pictures yet seen.
Most acceptable Christmas presents at
Sanborn & Vall's. . •
Far-Seelng-^"\Vhat are you making so
much disturbance for?" inquired Aguina!
do's friend.
"My dear fellow, you are not keeping
up with the pace of civilization. sfou
don't appreciate the value of advertising.
I don't propose to go into the United
States along with the bunch as merely
one of the natives. I'm going to be a de
posed potentate, who can hold his own in
society* with any ex-Queen who ever emi
grated."—Washington Star.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of;
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay {2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USIN3
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunde-1.
Sold in handsome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy.
"Talk about the irony of fate," ex
claimed the poet, as the mallcarrier's re
treating footsteps echoed down the cor
ridor.
"What's the trouble, dear." asked Mis
better half.
"Trouble," sighed the inspired one;
"aye, trouble Is the word and it has no
synonym. I expected a check for $3 this
morning and this— this, is what I re
ceived.
And tossing a safe deposit company's
circular on the table he went over by the
stove and kicked the cat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prudent
Piano
Purchasers
don't want to buy an ex*
periment. Maybe un-
known makers of recent
growth can give you a
reliable instrument, but
the chances are they
can't Purchase a Byron
Mauzy and you take no
risk. It is a recognized
make. Warranted ten
years by the maker,
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 POST ST.
0000000000000 00 000
l w PALACE wjj
S CR AND hsxbls c
o BAH PRAMOtBOO. $
IT i Connected by . a covered passageway. -Jj
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo "With Bath Attached. **
0 All Under On* Management. - C
fa- NOT! THE PRICKS: • 0
it European P1an. 91.00 per day and upward -
W American P1an.98.00 per day and upward W
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
5 ton 0. XIBS?ATHICE, Kuigir. .. 4
000 OO O OOOOOOOOfIU
Use f*\ and
Facial Soap u^/ Faclal Cream*
> The Grandest Toilet ComDinatlon known tot
the skin," complexion and teeth la Wooflbury'*
Facial Soap. . Facial Cream and Facial and
Tooth Powder. The dally use of these article!
will protect a fair complexion and euro a bad
skin.- ' '
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«APT*> Full Set of Teeth
J&Tvil /"s<£v . extracting free $sooap
« OBrT«£l*«f^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
«~t^V^3s.^ Fillings - - - 25cts. up
•? Open Evenings & buudani
|T^3O|3£C~B VAN VROOM
Electro Dental Parlors
r *lff »V -Sixth and Mark«t
w Or. Q W. Kletacr, Prep.
"D TT C 17 C ; FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JD 11 U wJll EiU ers - bootblacks, bata-
* ** *^ housea, billiard tablM.
brewers, bookbinders, uandy- maker*. • aner*.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, ; laundries. , paper-
hangers, printer*, painter*, shoe h. factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers,' tanner*, tailor*, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SISPECIAL SALE IN
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY.
At 1O Cents.
500 dozen CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIBBED FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
heel and sole; usual price $2 50 dozen; will be closed out at 10c a pair.
At :2S Cents.
600 dozen CHILDREN'S FANCY HOSE, in all the newest designs, plaids,
Roman stripes and Scotch squares, all sizes; regular price $6 00 a dozen;
will be sold at 25c a pair,
At :2S Cents.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S IMPORTED FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra
heavy, 1-1 and bicycle ribbed, with spliced heel and sole; usual price
$4 00 a dozen; will be on sale at 25c a pair.
At 33 1-3 Cents.
100 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED IMPORTED CASHMERE HOSE,
double heel and sole; usual price 56 00 dozen; will be sold for 33 l-3c pair.
At 1O Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, in plain and Richelieu
ribbed, at 10c a pair.
At IS Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, with double
heels and soles; usual price $3 00 dozen; will be on sale at 15c a pair.
At :2S Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' REAL MACO, FOUR THREAD, IMPORTED FAST
BLACK COTTON HOSE, silk finish, with double heels and soles; usual
price 54 00 dozen; will be sold for 25c a pair.
At 28S Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' FANCY HOSE, in all the latest designs, plaids, Scotch
squares and Roman stripes; usually sold for 50c a pair; will be cleared
out for 25c a pair.
At 33« Cents.
400 dozen LADIES' FANCY NOVELTY HOSE, in cotton and lisle thread,
light and dark shade plaids; usual price 56 00 a dozen; will be sold at
33 1-Sc a pair.
At SO Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE THREAD HOSE, in newest patterns, Van
Dyke, Scotch plaids, vertical stripes and embroidered silk clock; usual
price 59 00 and 512 00 a dozen; will be all cleared out at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' CHRISTMAS NOVELTY HOSE, in lisle thread; worth
51 00 and 51 25 a pair; will be sold for 75c a pair.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
At SO Cents.
200 LADIES' HEAVY GRAY FLEECED-LINED VESTS, in all sizes, for
50c each.
At 31. 00.
300 dozen LADIES' GRAY, WHITE AND BLACK JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
VESTS, heavy and light weights, at 51 00 each.
SPECIAL LINES IN CORSETS.
At SO Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, In latest shapes, short, medium and long, well
boned, finished with French edging and lace trimmed; regular price 75c;
for 50c.
At ©1.00.
50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of imported sateen, all the latest French
models, perfect fitting, black, drab, white, blue and pink; regular price
51 25; for 51 00.
At $2.50.
30 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, imported, Diamond Jean, satin finished, best
French cloth, spring clasps and steels, lace trimmed; former price 53 50-
for 52 50.
See Show=Windows for Additional Inducements!
Iflw Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
\r \jr &ojt» Francisco. /
BACK FROM
THE PARADISE
OF THE PACIFIC
Part of the New York
Regiment Returns.
NO MORE "HONOLULU LADY"
THAT TUNE IS NOW xABOOED BY
THE GOTHAMITES.
The Men, as a Body, Do Not Like
Hawaii, and Are Delighted to
Be on Their Way Home
Once More.
The officers and men of the New York
Regiment who returned from "the Para
dise of the Pacific" on the steamer Aus
tralia yesterday do not like Hawaii, and
have no scruples about saying so. As the
mail boat was making the dock the band
played "My Honolulu Lady" and then
threw the music overboard. When they
got on the wharf one of them said: "Now
let anybody say Honolulu lady or Hono
lulu anything, and see what a clubbing
he'll get."
The Australia brought up Companies
A, B, D, I and L, comprising 472 men and
the following officers:
Colonel F. H. Barber, Lieutenant Colonel H.
r. Stacpole, Major W. Scott, Adjutant C. Stre
vlll. Captain F. R. Palmer. Lieutenant \\in
throp Lieutenant H. C. Staats, Lieutenant "W .
J . Wheelock, Lieutenant A. L. Decker Lieu
tenant A. G. Baxter, Lieutenant H. W. McMil
lan. Lieutenant B. H. Burton, Lleutentnat A.
Wlcklnson. Li-utenant W. H. Mapes Lieuten
ant L. F. Griffith, Lieutenant A. W . Mather,
Lieutenant J. E. Smith, Dr. W. F. Robinson,
Quartermaster L. Seymour.
Twelve convalescents ocupied first-class
cabins.
It was thought that the men would look
worn out with their experience in Hawaii,
but instead every one of them looked fit
to fight for a kingdom. They had a splen
did time coming: up on the Australia, and
one and all swear by Chief Steward Jo
seph Seeley. Not only he but every officer
on the ship did everything possible to
make the trip a pleasant one. and in con
nce there is no ship like the Aus
tralia when the New York boys are
it round. Every day the band played on
deck and every night there was a concert j
In the cabin. "In fact," said Colonel Bar- j
i.'-r when leaving the vessel, "my men I
hay« so thoroughly enjoyed the voyage !
up from Honolulu that I don't know how ;
i will get them away from the wharf, j
thing possible was done for our
comfort, and the result you see."
An impression has gone abroad that
< Clonf-1 Barber is not liked by his men.
The fact is Just the opposite. No man
could be better loved by his subordinates.
"The reports are all false and were made
out of whole cloth," said Captain Palmer
of Company A. "There never was a truer
or kinder gentleman, and his regiment
would do anything for him. It is also
false that the people of Honolulu were
unfriendly to him. The only people who
opposed him were a few city officials who
were Jealous. They tried to make it un
comfortable for him, and to some extent
succeeded. That is all there was to the
matter."
As soon as the Australia was made fast
RETURN OF THE NEW YORK
REGIMENT FROM HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
ATTRACTIVE
NEW GOODS!
Grand Display This Week
We direct particular attention this week to a few
of our leading departments, and respectfully invite
the public to visit our establishment and inspect the
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES OFFERED!
Ribbons.
At 1O Cents,
No. 12 DOUBLE-FACED SATIN
RIBBON, in assorted colors, cord
edge, 2-inch wide, special sale
10c yard.
At 1S« Cents.
No. 16 DOUBLE-FACED SATIN
RIBBON.in assorted colors, cord
edge, 2»£ inch wide, special sale
12& c yard.
A-t 2O Cents.
3-INCH ALL SILK FANCY RIB-
BON in checks and stripes, val-
ue 30c; will be on special sale
at 20c.
At 25 Cents.
3-INCH ALL SILK PLAID RIB-
BONS, elegantly assorted colors,
value 35c; will be offered at 25c.
At 25 Cents.
FANCY OMBRE AND BAYA-
DERE RIBBONS, in assorted
colors, all silk, 4 inches wide,
value 40c; on special sale at 25c.
At 3O Cents.
6-INCH ALL SILK COLORED
TAFFETA RIBBON, value 45c;
will be on special sale at 30c.
At SO Cents.
6-INCH SASH RIBBON, assorted
colors, in moire effects, value 45c;
on special sale at 30c.
At 2O Cents.
4-INCH ALL SILK BLACK
MOIRE RIBBON, value 30c; on
special sale at 20c.
-A-t V& Cents.
7-INCH FANCY SASH RIBBON,
in stripes, extra quality, value
51 50; on special sale at 75c.
.A.t 1O Cents.
No. 12 ALL SILK COLORED
MOIRE RIBBON, 2 inch wide,
in all colors, will be placed on
sale at 10c.
and the cabin passengers had gone ashore
the soldiers were marched down the gang
plank, company by company. They then
formed in line on the wharf and stacked
arms. The command "Open order," was
given, after which the men removed their
knapsacks and laid them on the wharf.
Deputy Surveyor of the Port St. John and
a force of twenty inspectors were on
the ground, and they went to work
and quickly inspected all the knapsackß.
The customs authorities were determined
that no more stories about smuggled
cigars should be circulated; hence the
rigid search. When the work was done
the men were marched away for the Pre
sidio, via Market street and Van Ness
avenue.
J. J. Flnnegan and wife of Utica, N. V.,
were two of a number of disappointed
people who were down to meet the Aus
tralia. They were expecting their son
and a nephew to come back with the
troops, and had come all the way from
Utica to meet them. They drove down
from the Palace in a couple of hacks, and
were ready to take the young men away,
bag and bagage. They felt greatly dis
appointed when they learned that the
young men had not come. They will ar-
Colored Dress Goods.
At SB Oents.
51 pieces 38-INCH SCOTCH PLAIDS,
a full line of colors, worth 50c a
yard; will be offered at 35c a yard.
At 45 Oents.
85 pieces 37-INCH FRENCH OTTO-
MAN PLAIDS, a full assortment of
styles, value for 75c a yard; will be
placed on special sale at 45c a yard.
At 'ZB Oents.
49 pieces 44-INCH NOVELTY BROCHE
PLAIDS, new designs and color-
ings, extra value for $1 50 a yard;
on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
33 pieces 44-INCH NOVELTY REPP
PLAIDS, elegant styles, worth $1 50
a yard; will be placed on sale at
$1 00 a yard.
At $1.50.
17 pieces 44-INCH HIGH GRADE SILK
AND WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS,
very handsome designs, fine value
for $2 50 a yard; on special sale at
$1 50 a yard.
Ladies' Kid Gloves.
At T'S Oents.
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HAR-
VARD" KID GLOVES, colors Red,
Brown. Tan, Green, Blue, Helio-
trope, Butter and White, also Black,
good value for $1 00; will be on spe-
cial sale at 75c a pair (all sizes).
At $1.25 a Fair.
50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE
ENGLISH WALKING GLOVES,
colors Red, Brown, Tan, Mode,
Green, White and Black, worth
51 50; will be on sale at 51 25 a pair.
NOTE— Every pair guaranteed and fit-
ted.
' rive on either the City of Peking, which
will be due to-morrow, or the Alameda,
which Is expected next week. The Peking
! will bring up about 250 officers and men
and the Alameda the remainder of the
, New Yorkers.
J Out of the full strength of the regiment
j (1300 officers and men) there were thirteen
j deaths, from various causes, while the
soldiers were In Hawaii. On Thanksgiv
ing day there were 150 men on the sick list
In the military hospital in Independence
Park and 125 In the hospital at Buena
Vista Park. These were all fed on jellies
and goo€ things by the people of Hono
lulu, but the news that they were going
home did more toward their recovery than
the kindnesses showered on them.
In talking about his regiment, Colonel
Barber said the men were all sorry they
had not got as far as Manila. He knew
his men regretted they had not reached
the Philippines, but he felt that it took
as much courage to do what they had
done from the first as would be required
In active campaigning. He pointed with
pride to the brotherly manner in which
the sick comrades had been cared for.
The colonel spoke feelingly of the ladies
of Honolulu. They were at the wharf
; when the transports arrived, and grave the
i boys fruit and flowers. They did a
j thousand and one things to help the boys
: along, and he felt sure that their great
I kindnesses were fully appreciated.
The soldiers will await the coming of
their comrades at the Presidio, where
quarters have been prepared for them,
and when the regiment is all together it
will proceed to New York to be mustered
out.
La Estrella Parlor.
To-morrow night the members of La
Estrella Parlor No. 89, Katlve Daughters
of the Golden West, witl give a private
masquerade party In Native Sons' Hall.
The affair Is to be got up with that
exquisite taste for which the ladies of thla
parlor have gained an enviable reputation.
"California Wild Flowers," "Chinese"
and "Indian" calendars; 48 styles. Christ
mas cards as usual. Banborn, Vail & Co.*
Men's Furnishings.
At 2B Oents.
250 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' ALL
SILK. NECKWEAR, in Tecks
and Four-in-hands (a special
purchase), all extra value for
50c; will be offered at 25c each.
-A.t BO Oents.
JUST ARRIVED— 3OO dozen MEN'S
EXTRA FINE FANCY SILK
NECKWEAR, in Tecka, Four-
in-hands, Puffs, Ascots, Club
Ties, Bows, etc., etc., a unique
assortment of colorings and lat-
est shapes; will be offered at 50c
each.
At 2B Oents.
50 dozen JAPANESE ALL SILK
HANDKERCHIEFS, hemstitch-
ed borders, printed in the newest
designs, 1% Inches wide, and ex-
tra size, regularly sold at 50c;
will be offered at 25c each.
At IB Oents.
175 dozen MEN'S ALL LINEN
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with embroidered ini-
tials; will be offered at 15c each.
At 2B Oents.
150 dozen JAPANESE ALL SILK
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with embroidered ini-
tials; will be offered at 25c each.
At 124 Oents.
200 dozen MEN'S SANITARY GRAY
CASHMERE SOCKS, made full
finished, with double spliced
heels and toes; will be offered at
12 &c pair.
At T'B Oents.
85 dozen MEN'S HEAVY UNDYED
WOOLEN UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS, all sizes, regular
price $1 00; will be offered at 750
each.
At $1.00.
1 case AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS, warranted thor-
oughly shrunk, worth $1 35; will
be offered at $1 00 each.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
SECOND SUCCESSFUL WEEK.
s?x LV PERFORMANCES Ol^x
MORE » *•*" WllJlia«VLiW MORE
Of the
Merry, Mirthful, Melodious
GAYEST MANHATTAN!
The epitome of all that is best in farce, muslo
and extravaganza.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
EXTRA...
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Evans and Hoey's evergreen success,
HOYT'S
"A PARLOR MATCHI"
A COMPANY OF THIRTY.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW (Thursday).
CALIFORNjA_THEATER.
. Crowded again, last night.
CHAS. E. BLANEY'S
810 EXTRAVAGANZA SUCCESS,
A Boy Wanted
A modern conception : of comedy happily
fashioned.
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
Next Sunday ....DANIEL SULLY
Note— Gottlob, Marx & Co. announce to their
local patrons •■ who were : unable to " witness
"Secret Service" in this city, that Mr. Gillette
is to appear at the Macdonough Theater,' Oa-
kland, next Thursday and Friday. . Leave orders
for seats at the Columbia
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
SEATS BY : PHONE MAIN 254. _
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
DOUBLE ' COMEDY PROGRAMME.
The Private
Secretary.
Preceded by Louisa Venter's One Act Com-
edietta,
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
PRICES : 15cT25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— "ALABAMA." ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine ' Krellng. Proprietor and Mjjr.
: : -~'l THIS EVENING •AT '8 ' PRECISELY.
THE ; SUPERB ' PRODUCTION OF
' Edmond , Rostand's - Romantic Play,
CYRANO
DE
BERGERAC!
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT I:4s—-
■■■v-;--':^----.NEXT:WEEK-" ,^-.' '"v,
t The ■ Favorite - Comic ' Opera,
• THE MASCOT .—l— THE MASCOT •
Popular Price5.':'...*:'... ;....'..;.. ■,;.V..*.25c and 800
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee. ............ .250
-.-.-■- Our Telephone. Bush 9.'' - :
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor,'- Room 1 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
.-■-.-.-i. Telephone Brown 881. '
Residence. : 821 * California st., - below ■ Powell,
San Francisco. . ' ■! ■ •.: . " T:--.
BLANKETS. BLANKETS.
At $2.45.
5 cases 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, full double bed size, heavy, durable, worth
$3 50; will be offered at 52 45 pair.
At $3.25.
3 cases 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, full double bed size, a good serviceable
blanket, worth $4 00; will be offered at $3 25 pair.
At $3.50.
3 cases 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, full double bed size, a strong and durable
material, worth $4 50; will be offered at $3 50 a pair.
At $3.95.
8 cases 11-4 WHI E BLANKETS, full double bed size. This is a good blanket
for wear, value for $4 75; will be offered at $3 95 pair.
At $4.75.
2 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full size and a fine grade of woo',
worth $5 50; will be offered at $4 75 pair.
At $5.50.
2 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, all pure Saxony wool,
'worth $6 50; will be offered at $5 50 pair.
At $6.75.
2 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, extra heavy and a very fine grade of
wool, worth \% 00; will be offered at $6 75 pair.
At $7.50.
2 cases 12-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, size 76x84, made from a fine grade of
Saxony wool, worth $8 50; will be offered at $7 50 pair.
At 7 1-2 Cents.
75 pieces PEBBLE CREPONS, 30 inches wide, in a large variety of new and
dainty colorings, such as light Blue, Pink, Lavender, Cream and Cardinal,
worth will be offered at 7%c.
At 7 1-2 Cents.
5000 yards of OUTING FLANNELS, in lengths from 8 to 15 yards, the very best
grade and good styles, worth 10c; will be offered at 7^c.
At -4- Cents.
3 cases BLEACHED MUSLIN, 36 inches wide, a fair material, usually sold at
6c; will be offered at 4c
At 5 Cents.
4 cases FRUIT OF THE LOOM AND LONSDALE MUSLIN. 36 inches wide,
the soft finish, usually sold at 8 l-3c; will be offered at 5c yard.
See Show-Windows for Additional Inducements!
I Fig Harket, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\J Vj San Francisco. /
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), Dec. 7.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part.
MME. CAMILLA URSO,
WORLD FAMOUS VIOLINISTE/ : :
The Sensation of the Day,
PAUL BATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
BAKER, SELLERY AND BARTLETT, Com-
edy Sketch Trio. nUMtI Ml"ml Wf'Wli[||'|lß IlHIi jJli
ARNESON, Premiere Equilibrist.
HARRY ATKINSON. Musical Imitator.
JOE FLYNN, Monologuist. ' i
EMMA CARUS. Barytone.
LILLIE WESTERN, Instrumentalist.
. WILSON FAMILY. New Comedy.
MOROSCO'S GRAND
V'xltkr Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8.
First Production In This City of
BLACKLISTED !
SONGS, DANCES^SPECIALTIES!
POPULAR PRICES ...10c, 250. 800
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main Floor
Emporium.
.OLYMPIAN Condon.
- ' America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN ; STARS. :
Direct From New : York,
FORMAN AND HOWLETT,
World's Greatest Ban joists. '
MISS EMILY SCHEINDLE,
, Great f Australian Aeriel . Star.
THE GREAT PREAOA,
•\ ■': Wonderful Turkish : Dancer.
: omNE,
. Only Japanese Juggler in the World. :
AND TEN ~i GREAT I STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. : ; MATINEE SUNDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning MONDAY,
; Nov. 28,. t0 SATURDAY, . Dec. i 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and . Saturday. ■" Rain or shine.
■ FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. \
' Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.;- .
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at :2 m. and
12:30, 1, * 1:30, 2, • 2:30 .' and ;3 ' p. ; m. connecting
with trains | . stopping .at I the I entrance to I the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
; Returning— Trains % leave < the i Track :at . ; 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS ~8.. ' President. s
' R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ' .
bar ME
;: ! fnjl&aaVsP ' INJECTION. ■;.-■.; : -. .', jj .
l| A PERMANENT CURE
, ] i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea « [
V :.■ , 1 : and Gleet, guaranteed ;in • from 3 to 6 « [
.. 1 1 i days ;no other treatment required. ' $ •
J>. 1 ; : - i, Sold by all druggists. ;' 5
AMUSEMENTS.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES— SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
The Greatest of AU Swedish Comedy Successes,
OLE OLSON.
WITH NEW FEATURES.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
AND A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Including
MISS ST. GEORGE HUB3EY ■
Evening Prices 15c, 25c. Ssc. 800
Matinee Prices 150 and 25c
SEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE AND EM-
PORIUM.
Next Monday
THE BIG SENSATION SHOW,
"SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Big, Bright Bill in the Free Theater !
MAUD GAGE, the Premier Whistlw.
OMNE, Japanese Lady Magician.
CLAIRE FEX, the Diminutive Duo.
CONCHITA, the Universal Favorite.
LOLA ASHBY, Marvelous Equilibria.
A. L. RHORER, Barytone.
With MOVING PICTURES.
See CONGO, the Gorilla Man; JOE STORMS
JR., Orang-Outang, and BALLY
Chimpanzee.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY)
AMATEUR NIGHT.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: Children, s<\
MECHANICS' PAVILION
CHARITYBAZAAR
AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
HEBREW ORPHAN ASYLUM BAND
Versus
SAN FRANCISCO AMATEUR BAND.
Big Concert— Brandt's Orchestra— Special At*
tractions.
ADMISSION Kc.
CONCERTS AND BBSO&TH.
PRESS CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.
COLUMBIA^THEATER,
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, DEC. 8, ISM.
EIGHT SHOWS IN ONE!
Specialties from Every Playhouse In the City.
SECURE BEATS EARLY. BOX OFFICE
NOW OPEN.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 3*
Bathing, with admission. Xc: children. 20c.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonics
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
828 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Ctroular.)
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull. Barley future! firmer.
Oats held for more mone<-
Corn steady and Rye lower.
Choice hay firm. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Nothing npw In Flour.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Butter higher, Eggs lower and Cheese un
changed.
Tw-o more cars of Eastern Poultry tn.
Game steady.
Grapes getting scarce. Apples firm.
Dried fruit. Raisins and Honey quiet.
Nuts firm and In good demand.
Nothing new In Provisions.
Wool dull. Hides quiet and steady.
Hops about the same.
Beef lower. Mutton unchanged.
Hogs In better supply and weak.
Oils unchanged.
Some revision In Lumber.
PUBLIC MONEY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Jcllus Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
t'nlted States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand November 30, 1898, as follows:
United States notes $ 3.177 00
Treasury notes of 1890 '... 1.510 00
National Bank notes 1,590 00
Gold certificates 304.440 00
Silver certificates 21,796 00
Gold coin ; 9.464.352 43
Standard silver dollars 25,977.468 00
Subsidiary silver coin 204.987 53
Minor coin 17,186 38
Total $35,996,507 34
Shipments of silver coin from the same of
fice In the month of November, IS9B, were as
follows:
Standard silver dollars $100.000 00
Subsidiary silver 80,220 00
Total $180,220 00
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 6. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 8.13 11.99
Red Bluff 0.00 2.12 4.52
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 2.84
Pan Francisco 0.00 2.3S 2.65
Fr. sno 0.00 1.49 1.49
Independence 0.00 0.30
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.67 0.93
Los Angeles- 0.00 0.11 2.48
San Diego 0.00 0.21 1.15
Yuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61: minimum temperature, 65; mean tempera
ture, 58 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of very high pressure is central in
Idaho, where the barometer reads above 30.80
inches. From this section the pressure rapidly
diminishes toward the coast. Generally cloudy
weather prevails In California and fair weather
In other sections west of the Rocky Moun
tains. There are some Indications that a
storm exists off the Southern California coast,
•which is being prevented from approaching the
coast by the very high pressure in the in
terior. It is as yet too soon to determine
whether this storm will cause general rain in
California, Conditions, however, are some
what favorable for rain on the Southern Cali
fornia coast by Wednesday night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight December 7, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day; brisk north to east wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday and
probably occasional light rain In southwest
portion; fresh east wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona — Generally cloudy Wednesday, prob
' ably with occasional light rain in "extreme
:eouth portion.
. For San Francisco and vicinity— Generally
cloudy Wednesday; brisk easterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Partly
cloudy; wind north. 12 miles; maximum tem
perature, 50; current, 50.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec. 6.— Fractional gains
throughout the list were the results of the
trading to-day. Decided strength of the early
market was In sympathy with London's im
proved prices and London was a purchaser on
balance. Profit taking at times checked the
advance In the local market, which became dull
In the aft-eraocn with quotations generally well
maintained. Sugar, after an early advance,
sold off as usual on the announcement of the
regular dividend disbursement. The transac
tions in this specialty were -cry large and
covering of Bhorts brought about full recov
ery to the best advance of the day. leaving the
price a point below yesterday's close. A fea
ture of the' importance was the coalers, which
were buoyant on the assumption that a new
trade agreement would be in effect next month.
Pacific stocks were strong and at periods of
depression in the day's trading rallied the rest
of the list. Central Pacific rose 2Vi points on
the dissemination of a report that the Govern
ment might extend the time for that road to
pay its obligations to the Government The
actions of the day's market reflected the con
tinued operations as for some time of large
speculative interests in having diverted their
operations Into low-priced shares which give
promise of increased or impending dividend
disbursement.
Considerable amounts of stock ruling In the
forties were taken in hand, conspicuous ex
amples bejng Southern preferred and North
ern Pacific. The Granger group showed spurts
of activity at times and moved in sympathy
with the general market, although improve
ments as a rule were less pronounced.
The bond market showed decided strength at
many points, operations in some of the recent
favorites being on a large scale. Total sales
J4.413.000.
United States new fours and the new fours
registered reacted ft and the fives coupon 'i
per cent in the bid price.
Sales of stocks to-day were 357,600 shares. In
cluding: 10,265 Atchlson preferred, 10,050 Cen
tral Pacific, 1.935 C. & 0., 2535 Burlington 4<VTS4 <V TS
Manhattan. 9022 Metropolitan Street Railway
6150 Mexican Central, 6180 Hawaiian preferred'
306,979 Northern Pacific, 6722 Union Pacific, 5050
St. Paul, 5033 Union Pacific "referred, 40 465
Tobacco, 7SOO Federal Steel preferred, 3030 Con
solidated Gas, 3010 Linseed. 15,320 Pacific Mail
66,532 Sugar. 40,070 T. C. and I.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson 16% Do prefd '..... 66%
Do prefd 46% Do 2d prefd -31%
Baltimore & Ohio. St Louis & 5.W.... 5%
all aests paid.... 57% Do prefd.......... 1414
Canada Pacific..., 84% St Paul HS-v
Canada Southern.. 54 Do prefd ... 162
Cent Pac 34%. St P & Om .'.' 84%
Ches & Ohio 24% Do prefd.. 164
Chi & Alton 163% St PM & M... 168
Chi B-&Q. ...... 118% So Pacific.'... 2S'i
Chi & E 111 58% So Railway 10%
Do prefd 110% Do prefd 41%
Chi G W 14% Texas & Pacific.... 15%
Chi Ind & L 7% Union Pacific 37%
Do prefd 31 - Do prefd 69%
Chi & N W 139% U P D & G. 2d
Do prefd lSi aost paid 12%
C C C & St L.... 42% i mabash 7%
Do prefd..-..'..:... "90 f Do prefd 21%
Del & Hudson 104 (Wheel & L E. 4th
Del L& W 146% asst paid 5%
Den & Rio 0...... 15% Do prefd..... 29%
Do prefd ....61% Express Companies-
Erie (new) 13% Adams Ex 108%
Do Ist prefd 36% American Ex 144
Ft Wayne .....174 United States 55
Gt Nor prefd 136 Wells Fargo 128
Hocking Val 3 Miscellaneous
Illinois Cent 111% A Cot Oil : 33%
Lake Erie & W.... 14% Do prefd.......... S8
Do prefd b3 Am Spirits 12%
Lake Shore 193 . Do prefd 35
Louis & Nash...;.. 63% Am Tobacco 138
Manhattan L 98 | Do prefd 125
Met St Ry 186% Cons Gas 189
Mich Cent 109% Com Cable Co.. 184%
Minn & St L 28% Col F & Iron 23%
Do Ist prefd So I Doprefd 77
Mo Pacific 36"i Gen Electric 84
Mobile & Ohio 27 Haw Com Co 47
Mo X & T 11% int Paper 68%
Do prefd 34% -Doprefd 91
N J Central 93% Laclede Gas 52%
N V Central 113/» Lead 35%
N V Chi & St L.. 13 Do prefd 111%
Do Ist prefd 65 * Nat Lin-0i1......;. 11
Do 2d prefd 34% Pacific Mai1........ 41%
Nor West 14% People's Oas 10S%
No Amer C 0....... 7 Pullman ,Pa 1.'......139
No Pacific 10% silver Certificates. 60%
Do prefd 75Hlstandard R & T... 7%
Ontario & W 164 Sugar 125%
Or R & Nay DO I Do prefd 113%
Or Short Line...... 35 |T C & Iron. 31%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 76 U. S Leather 5%
Do 2d prefd 56 Do prefd.. 67%
Pittsburg 172 • U 3 Rubber 45%
Reading I*% Do prefd 108%
Do Ist preM 46% West Union ?SV,
R G W 27 . Federal Steel Co.. 31
Do prefd.... 63 Do prefd:.... .75%
Rock Island 107% Brooklyn R T..... ■
St Louis & S F.... 8%
CLOSING BONDS. *
V S 35. ......... ...-106. NY Central lsts.JtD
V S new 4s reg — 12S - NJC 5» ....ai4
Do coup 128 N Carolina 6s vi
V 5,45.... ...... 111% v Dc .4s .....V...U4
Do coup ......113 No Pac lsts ...... 117
Do 2dß 99% Do 35.............. *,;?
V S6s reg.... 112% Do 4s. 101%
Do 6s c0up....... 112% N V C & St L 45. .106
District 3.«5s ...IIS i Nor & W 6s 122
Ala class A 103 Northwestern con. 144
Do 8. ............ -103 ' ■ 1*» deb C 5 ........ 117%
Do C. ....>.-.. 102 O Nay 15t5. ....... .114^
Do. Currency 102 0.Nay ; 48.....v..... 99%
Atehlson 4s '.. M : k O S Line 6s tr....13u
Do adj 4s 73% O S Line 5s tr....H0%
Can So 2ds ...... .110% Pacific 6s of 55....102%
C &T ° 4%5. ....... 89%. Reading t^:E 8*
Chir....... ........ S2%IR'G W 15t5....... 90
C & Ohio 55...... ..117 St L & I MCsß..lo'.>i
CH & D ?%s .V.V.IO4«4ISt;L*& 8 F 4 G 6«;.122%
D& R G lsts 108 St 'P-C0n..::......mii
V&nQ45..:..._.. 93%jSt PC & P **•—
East Gen in........ 107%. Dc i 55.. ....i^f..lU 1 &
Erie Gen 4» 74% So Ry 5» !<*%
F W & D lsts tr.. 79". Stand R & T C 5.... Wk
Gen Elec 6s lOS'jTenn new set 35... 95
G H & S A6s 105 !Tex Pac L G 15t5.. 107
Do 2ds 103 i Do Rg 2ds 46H
H & T C 6s 112>t Union Pac 4s 102
Do con 6s 110 ID P D& G lsts.... S6V&
lowa C lsts iO3',i:Wab Ist 5s 111%
La new con 4s 107 Do 2ds ai'.i
L& N Unl 4s 93 W Shore 4s 11 m
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries »0%
MX & T 2ds 65% Do deferred G-*
Do 4s 89g Wis Cent lsts 62><-
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 18 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 120 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 4."> Quicksilver 1 i>
Gould & Curry.... 25| Do prefd 4"0
Hale & Norcross.. 1 Ml Sierra Nevada 1 .0
Homestake 50 00' Standard 1 '0
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 24
Mexican 2S' Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loans 2 @3 Gen Elec prefd.. ..173
Time loans 2\ti4 Atch prefd 46Vi
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Top & St Fe. Ufc Atchison 2ds 97
Amer Sugar 12Z\ Atchison 4s 114
Do prefd 113 Wis Central 15.... 65
Bay State Gas 2Vi Mining Shares-
Bell Tel m AUouez Mln C 0.... 4»i
Boston & Albany. .'.Mo Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine... *Cs<-'. Boston & M0nt...237>,4
Boston L 7s>i Butte & Boston... 60Vi
Chi Bur & Q 1181;. calumet & Hecla..6OO
Fitchburg 104\ Centennial 24Vi
Gen Electric S4£ Franklin 17
Mexican Central... 6 Old Dominion 32Vi
Old Colony 195 Osceola 69
Rubber 45% Qulncy 132
Union Pac 37% Tamarack 167
West End 89ft Wolverine 31%
Do prefd in . Parrott 30
Westingh Elec 38 ! Humboldt 3^4
Do prefd 59 I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec. 6.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were dull and • ulet to-day, the
only feature being the strength of Americans
and mines. The former were srood on New
York support and on professional buying here,
and closed at the best. Northern Pacific and
Union Pacific were especially strong. The
President's message had no effect, the market
here merely awaiting New York's lead. The dis
count market here is distinctly weak, the po
sition being that a large mass of bills are
maturing, while the supply of new bills is very
scarce. This releases capital and the Increased
supply of uninvested funds depressed rates.
Kaffirs were good on the reported renewal of
the dynamite contract by the Transvaal Govern
ment at lower prices. Argentines were easy
on damage to crops by rain.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, %IVi; Grand Trunk, 774.7 7 4.
P.ar silver, steady, 27 9-16 d per ounce.
Money. 2'j per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 41*6.
PARIS, Dec. 6.— Spanish fours closed at 41-%.
MADRID, Dec. 6.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 56.90.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— To-days statement
of the condltic.n of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $262,557; gold reserve, $242,
211,107.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 43,
600 barrels; exports. 7090 barrels. Sales, 9000
packages. Very dull and lower to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts. 841,750 bushels; exports,
276,284 bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red, 75% cf.
o. b. afloat. Options— Opened steady on adverse
Argentine news and was irregular, but gener
ally steady all day. easing off finally under
liquidation and closing %c net lower; clearances
were large, but export trade fell flat and with
big Northwestern receipts checked buying.
Sales included No. 2 red January, 73Vi(§73Vic,
closed 73V&C.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The changes in the market for
metals have been unimportant. In some cases
the market shows subsiding interest on the part
of the buyers. In most cases, however, condi
tions show well sustained stability, at least
as to the views of holders. To-day's market
developed no sensational features.
According to the official report of the New
York Metal Exchange piglron warrants closed
quiet and nominal, with sellers at $7 20; Lake
Copper quiet with buyers at Stt 65, sellers at
112 80.
TlN— Firmer; $18 10 bid and $18 25 asked.
LEAD— Quiet; $3 60 bid and $3 62% asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $5 B bid and $5 33
asked.
The brokerage • firm which fixes the ,' settling
price for miners and smelters calls lead $3 45
and copper $12 75. - ■ ,- : •«>
COFFEE— closed quiet, with prices
unchanged to 5 points lower. Sales, 6000 bags.
Including: December, $5 35; March. $5 60@5 65;
May, $5 70; July, $5 SO. Spot Coffee— quiet
and steady. Mild, quiet and steady. ' , :
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Refined, dull and nom
inal.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6683. Very firm; West
ern creamery, 14Vi(g)20c; Elgin?, 20c; ■ factory,
12@14Hc. - . ,
EGGS— Receipts, 9000 packages. Market
firm; Western, 25c; Southern, 22@25c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— California Dried
Fruits generally steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-f'ommon, 7@Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, S%c; choice, 9@9Uc;
fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4®IO%c per lb.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. Jl@l3c per lb; Moorpark,
14617 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 3Vj<gl2',ic; pealed, 18®
20c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indicate the
following changes in\ available supplies last
Saturday, as compared with the preceding Sat
urday :
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 79,000 bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for and in
Europe, increase, 4,100,00(1 bushels.
Total supply, increase, 4,021.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decerease. 3,257,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1,142,000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., in
creased 212,000 bushels last week.
Cable and telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs
show that the world's visible wheat stock on
December 1 aggregated 111,938,000, a gain of
26,029,000 bushels during November, against a
gain of 15,513,000 bushels a year ago, but the
world's stock on December 1 is still 16.085,000
bushels smaller than at the same date a year
ago.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— For two hours following
the opening in wheat, it looked as if specula
tion in that commodity . had been abandoned.
The . ranee of prices • during that time was
scarcely more than %c and trades of any kind
were few and far between. 5 There I was abso
lutely no outside interest, a little knot of local
speculators doing all the little scalping busi
ness that was transacted. ' The opening was
6t£a(?> at %c over yesterday's closing price.
May starting at 66@66%c, and there the price
remained until near the close. In spite of the
oullness the market during the morning showed
no indications of wekaness. Cables showed .\
little cOvance at Liverpool due, it 'was. :!ald.
to report? of crop damage in Argentine on ac
count of unfavorable weather. The increase
in the visibit was only 764,000 bushels, or r.bout
half of what had been expected.
The cloe-me.of DeceribT holdings had 1 some
effect on May trading late in the session, in
creasing the slight selling pressure enough to
cause a slight decline from the price that had
remained almost unchanged from the start.
May j declined •to ; 63%@65%c, and closed heavy
at the price.
Corn was dull, but the lack of interest was
not so pronounced as in -wheat. The market
as a whole was weak. Influenced by the cold
weather, the increasing receipts and lower ca
bles. May closed %c lower. . .
Oats were decidedly weak. There was a good
deal of ■ liquidation by prominent holders. In
crease in the receipts apparently shaking the
confidence of. bulls. May closed %@%c lower.
Provisions, though ' rather quiet, were firm
most of the day at a slight advance.; There
was a good demand and as packers did not
come Into the market to any great extent,
quotations ruled somewhat higher. Late In the
session, however, the weakness in all the grain
markets affected provisions and prices slid
off. the market being heavy at the close. May
pork closed 7%c lower. May lard 2%@5c lower
and May ribs 5c lower. - -- . . _.-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ■ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 65% 65% 64% 64%
May 66% 66% 65% 66%
Corn No. 2— : ■
December .33% •■ 33%- 33 33%
May 34% 34% 33% 34'
July 33 35 34% 34%
Oats No. 2— , . -
December .......... 25% ' 25% 25%' 25%
May 26% 26% • • 25% ■ ■ : 25%
: Mess Pork, per barrel— ••••-.
January V.... 9 3214 940 825 ■ 9 27%
May ..9 60 9 65 9 50 9 50
Lard, per 100 pounds — ;
January 615 * r. 17% 5 12% .512%
May ................ 5 32% 535 6 27% 630
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
January ..:.. 4 67% 470 ■ 4 62% 4 62%
May..........:..... 4 82% 485 . ■ 4 77% .. 4 77%
• Cash quotations were as follows: - .: --v
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring Wheat, f.- o. b.,
68@64%c; No. 2 red, 68@63c: No. 2. Corn, 335/ 34 -
No. 2 Oats. f. o. b., 26%@27c; No. 3 white, f o
b., 27mg2S%c; No. . 2 Rye, 53c; No. 1 Flaxseed.
99%t??<e$l 02%; Prime Timothy Seed, • $2 25; Mess
Pork, per barrel,' JßOß 05; Lard, per 100 pounds
$D#s 17%: Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 50<&'4 70-
Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4'.i«74%0: Short
Clear Sides,' boxed, $4 90@R; Whisky, distillers'
finished goods,- per gallon, $1 26; Sugar, cut loaf
5.95 c; granulated, 5.46 c. ■. ■-.:- v •: . ■■;,•-;>.'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............... 60,000 -■ 40.000
Wheat. \ bushels 200.000 ; '35,000
Corn, bushels j .....;...\360,000 398.000
Oats, bu5he15, '.;..'.."..'.".V. ;.'.*. 605. 000 " 216,0.10
Rye, -bu5he15^....:.;.....;... 20.000 • . ./■' •'■. 2,000
Barley, bushels :.....;. 126,000 - ;■ -7,000
On the Produce ■ Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAIST FRANCISCO 6 ALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
market was dull: creamery, lSifi^l'Jc; dairy, 13
&19c. Cheese, steady; BVs@loV''C. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 22@22V4c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 300,300 88.290
Duluth 1,267.310 814.573
Milwaukee 73,000 410.000
Chicago 200.200 35.324
Toledo 52,568 96.600
St. Louis 220,350 67,600
Detroit
Kansas City 68,000 46,000
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 145,023 68,60 a
New York 841,750 276.284
Philadelphia 36.201 *.'<&*
Baltimore 86,257 64000
New Orleans *2,000
Galveston 172,!K6 243,569
Totals 1.282.183 648,742
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 % 5 10
Closing 6 6 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 45 00 45 50
cfosing « 00 45 50
Wheat— „. .„
Opening 2135 2110
Closing 2140 2115
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Good to choice
steers sold at $5 05@5 75; commoner grades. $i
@5; stockers and feeders were in moderate de
mand at $3@4 40, selling mostly at $3 40@4;
butchers and canners cattle ere better, few
cows selling below J2 25. fat cows and heifers
bringing $3 50(g4 50; bulls. $2 4O(&4 10.
HOGS— Sales were made at $3 20©3 35 for com
mon to fair up to $3 45®<3 55 for choice to
strictly prime hogs; bulk, S3 40(ff3 47%; pigs,
$3 15(g3 30.
SHEEP— SaIes, $3 75@5 50 for common to
prime lambs, $4 15®4 75 for yearlings and $2 30
OS 4 30 for sheep: Western sheep sold at $3 50©
410 and Western lambs brought $3 75@5 30:
feeders paid $4 50@4 So for lambs and $3 55®
3 80 for sheep.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; hogs. 45,000; Bheep,
14,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. s.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10,000; market steady to strong; native steers,
$3 25@3 15: Texas steers. $2 40® 4 50; Texas cows,
$2@2~SK>; native cows and heifers, $1 25^4 16;
stockers and feeders, $2 90® 4 25; bulls, $2 40®
3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 20,000; market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 25@3 40; heavies, $3 30
0145; packers, $3 25@3 45; mixed, $3 20@3 40:
lights. $3 20@3 3r.; yorkers, $3 20® 3 35; pigs, $3
@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000; market firm. Lambs,
$4@5 25; muttons, $2 75@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700;
market steady to strong. Native beef steers,
$4fSf, 25; Western steers. $3 70@4 30; Texas
steers, $3 uCS^ 90; cows and heifers, $3@3 90:
stockers and" feeders, $3 30® 4 50; canners. $2@
2 90; calves. $4fi7; bulls, stags, etc., $2 30(^3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 8800; market shade lower.
Heavy, $3 30(53 37Vi; mixed. $3 HUfff 35; light,
$3 37'i@3 45; pigs, $3®3 30; bulk of sales, $3 324
@3 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; market steady. Na
tive muttons. $3 50@4 40; Westerns, $3 50@4 23;
stockers, J2 75@3 75: lambs, $4® 5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1400.
Market active and steady. Beef steers, $3 75^
4 15; cows, $2 75@3 25; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 50@4; stockers, rreignt paid, $3 75®
4 15; bulls, stags, etc, $2<g'2 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market shade higher.
Light packers. $3 40@3 45; mixed, $3 35@3 40;
heavy, $3 2,")@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market inactive.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Dec. 6.— The wool market this
week shows a steady tone and it now looks as
though values have reached the level at which
coming trade will be done. The price of do
mestic wools is firm and sales are frequent.
Quotations:
TEXAS WOOLS — Spring, medium, 12
months'. 17W1RC: scoured. 40®42c: spring, fine,
12 months'. 16017 c; scoured, 43^?45c.
TERRITORY WOOLS— Montana fine, me
dium and fine. 14(@16c; scoured. 43@43c; staple,
47@48c; Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine, medium and
fine. 13915 c; scoured. 43c; staple. 47@4Rc.
AUSTRALIAN— Scoured basis, combing su
perfine, 70(fr72e; good, 65®68c; average, 62@6Sc.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 16,167 bales were offered. Many lines
of scoured merinos were bought by Continental
buyers. Finer greasies showed a hardening
tendency, several going to Russia. Crossbreds
were In better demand and well-grown wools
■were bllghtly advanced.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit:
GRAPES— Tokays, $1 50® 170 single crate;
Cornlchons, $1 60@l 65; Ve- lelle, ft.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— Consols, 110 6-16; silver,
27 0-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing;
cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; No.
1 standard California, 30s; i;ng..sh country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 6.— Wheat, dull: wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— plands, 3%d.
WHEAT — Futures, December, 6s; March, Es
6%d; Spot, No. 1 red Northern spring, dull, 6s
2d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, quiet, 3s 9%d:
futures steady; December, 3s 9%d; March, 3s
7>4d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Dec. 6.— Walla Walla, sS@s9c;
valley, 60;g.61c; blue stem. 62@63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 6.— WHEAT— HaIf a cent
better. Club. 59% c; blue stem, 62 t i ( ?63Vic
Sailed steamer Glenogle for Yokohama with
5000 tons, one of the largest general cargoes
ever shipped from Tacnma, including 2257 bar
rels flour, tobacco, cotton, cigarettes, alcohol,
pig lead, cardboard, leather and machinery.
Total value of $350,000. Freight is rushed to
get to Japan before the new duty takes effect
January 1.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Dec. I— Exchanges. $447,773;
balances, $100,564.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 8G
New York Exchange, Bight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull at 255, usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 19,290, against 54,520
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
30,780 tons, against 9962; on the way to this
port. 137.76G tons, against 169.200.
WHEAT— The Glencaird takes for London
35,714 rtls, valued at 142,000.
The market continues in the same old rut.
The shortness of the crop has cut shipments
from this port down to practically nothing, and
about the only business Is on local feed and
milling account.
Spot wheat— Shipping. Jl 13@1 16% ; milling
fl 17%@1 22 %.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 17% ; 20,000, $1 ■*-%.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 17%.
Regular morning session— May— SooO ctls,
$1 17%; 6000, $1 17%.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%;
6000, II 17%. December— 2ooo. $1 13.
BARLEY— The market is firmer, and futures
show a small advance. pot business Is dull.
Shipment of 5000 ctls Brewing, valued at
$7750, to Sydney, and 18,382 ctls, valued at
$24,800, to London.
Feed, $1 25©>1 28%; Brewing SI S2%@l 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 SOU; 2000, $1 30Vi: 4000, *1 30.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session — No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Holders are asking higher prices,
which buyers refuse to pay. and there the
matter stands". Sales are small.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%(gl 30 per ctl; good
to choice, $1 22%(51 25; common. $1 17%@1 20;
Surprise. $1 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 20^1 22%; mill
ing, $1 25@l 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47%,; Black,
$1 60ft 1 70.
CORN— Is steady but quiet at the recently
improved quotations.
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 17%; Eastern
large yellow. $1 10; white $1 05® 1 10; mixed,
$1 f >7% per ctl; California white, $1 12%®1 15.
RYE— Is lower and dull. California, $1 17%©
1 20; Eastern, $1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 3551 bbls Flour, valued at $11,
005, to Sydney.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15<g>4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 S*(u4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-=-Pr!ces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per
100: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4«4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 76; Farina
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels). V> 85^6 25; In sacks, $5 63<g>6 05- Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. _
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Dealers repoit sales of choice Wheat at the
top quotations. Otherwise there is nothing
new.
BRAN— SI 4 50@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $26 50«?27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; job
bing, $32r<?,32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 i>er ton; Cornmeal, $2S 50®)
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24®>25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50® 18 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15® 16 50;
Oat, $14@15 50; Island Barley, $11® 14; Alfalfa,
$lli&>12 50; Stock. $11012; Cover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15; Cheat,
$12ft12 50; Alfalfa, $10®)10 50; Oat, $13@14 50;
Clover, $11 50© 12 50; Timothy, $11 50@13 per toa.
STRAW— 35@75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are steady at the advance, with small
transactions. There is nothing new in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2<g2 10; Small Whites,
$2 1692 20; Large White?, $1 80@l 95; Pinks,
$2<&2 10; Reds. $3 I3(tf3 25; Blackeye, $3 75<g4.
Butters. !s2(<i2 50; Llnias, $3 25(53 35; Pea, $2 3U<s>
2 DO: Red Kidneys, $2 40(ff2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2®>2 25; Canary
Seed. 2>4£(2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 6&@7c; Rape,
I"<'a2\c; Hemp, 2%'WZc; Timothy, s@sV4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 73
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
All descriptions under this head are quiet.
POTATOES— 60c for Early Rose; 30@50c for
River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c@$l 10;
Oregon, 75c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 50@75c for
nearby and $1 30 for Merced; New Potatoes,
l@2c per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@6c; String
Beans, 4@7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 25<§
40c for Bay and 60076 c for Los Angeles; Garlic,
6@ic per lb; Dried Okra, 10c per lb; Green Pep
pers, 3@sc per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per
ton; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16(§18c; granulated, raw, 13c.
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 14c for Turkeys,
$5 iO for Ducks, $1 75 for Geese, $5@5 50 for
Hens, $o@s 50 for young Roosters, $5 for old
do and $4 50 for Fryers.
Local Poultry Is steady. Receißta are not
excessive and quotations change very little
from day to day.
The supply of Game about balances the de
mand.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 50^1 75; Ducks, $4 50@6 50 for old and $4 50@
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 50(53; young Roosters,
$4 50@5; old do. $4<&4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers, $4@4 50 for large, $3@3 50 for small : Pig
eons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1(5-1 25; Mallard, $3(ffß 50;
Canvasback. $6<g3; Sprig, $2#2 50; Teal, $1 50;
Widgeon. $1 50; Small Duck. $1 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe. $l(gl 25; Gray Geese,
$2 5C33; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@l 73;
Honkers, $3 50@4 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25®
1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another advance In Butter is noted. Stocks
are light. Eggs are lower. Cheese shows no
further change.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 26c, with sales
at 27c; seconds, 24@25c.
Dairy— to fancy, 22V4@24c; common
grades, 18@22c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17@18c; creamery tub, nominal. .
Eastern , Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16>*c per
lb: Elgin, 22@22%c. .... ....
CHEESE— Choice mild new, liy£@l2c; old, 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar, 12<§12V*c; Young Amer
ica, 12c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33@35c per dozen; com
mon Eggs, 30@32i£c; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27H625V4C for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. Very few Grapes are seen now and they are
firm at -a further advance. Fine :. Apples . are
also firm. Persimmons are In light supply,
but . quiet. . Cranberries come In and go out
freely and stock keeps moving right along.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are dull and. in
ample supply. . ■• ''■■-'
.DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50@$3 50 per chest for large
and for small. ♦ ' .' ~z
Cranberries, $7 50ig9 50 per barrel for East
ern and $l<§l!iO per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 60@85c per \ --■ crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes. ■ ;
. Apples, I 35<gG0c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $I@l 50. ...... : r . - ■ . -
Pears— 6oc@sl per. box. r .. ■ -'. ■■-'■ ■ ■ '•■ : • ".■ ■
Persimmons — 65c®$l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50f3 50
per box; Seedlings," sl@l 75; Mandarins, $I@l 50;
Lemons, $ lift 2 - for common and $2 50@3 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4; California
Limes. 60i@75c per small box; Grape Fruit, $150
@4; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@5 per dozen.
' DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The demand for Peaches Is good; better, in
fact, than ever before in the month of Decem
ber. Everything else in the way of fruit is
dull. Dealers quote Prunes down 2^i@'2 l^c for
the four sizes, and dull at that.' Raisins and
Honey • are quiet and unchanged. Nuts are
firm and in good demand.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' s, 4%@
Dc for 50-60' s, 3%@3%c for 60-70' s, 2%@3c for
70-80"s, 2ii@2%c for 80-SO'b, 2c for 90-100* and
| 1%@1%c .for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2V4@sc;
Peaches, 6@7V4c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12'312'ic for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%©7Vjc; sun dried, 4@4'/4c; Black
Figs, Backs, 2<fj-2»£c; Plums, 4V4@6c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7cifor
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters and
B@9c for halves.. .
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 5>4(g6%c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4 Vie for Seedless Muscatels, and
$1 20 for London I<ayers; Dried Grapes, 2si@3c.
NUTS— Chestnut?. B@l2V4c per lb; Walnuts,
6@7c for hardshell, • 9@loc for softehell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell, ■ 13c for softshell, 14@
15c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern
and I Sr>c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@Uc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^@.
7c; light amber : extracted, 6c; dark, s@s'/4c
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb. ..'„.,
BEESWAX-24®26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The established quotations still rule, with a
dull market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7',ic per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10'/2C; California
Hams, 9%@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $11; . Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork,' $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked Beef, ll'/4@l2c per lb. \ .;. .-• :
■ LARD — Eastern tierces quoted lat s^c per lb
for compound and G%@7c for pure; palls, 7^c;
California tierces, 4%©5 c per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c; 5-lb tins. VAc. ■ .
COTTOLENE— Tierces, s?d©6%c: packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, 9'4c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c: 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, BV,c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%cb; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 77^c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. ■ - - ..
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOP 3.
Hides are quiet . and steady, 'though,: the
Eastern market is strong and active. Wool Is
still dull .and nominal. ;. Hops show no change
In price, but some ' dealers are talking weaker."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about ]lc under, the quotations. ■ Heavy | salted
steers, 10c; medium, • BV4c; light, 8c; I Cowhides,
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted. Kip, 8c; Calf, > 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, ■ 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, * 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings,, 15@25c each; short . wool, 30«j'40c
each; medium, 60@80c; long wool.<9oc©sl 10
each ; Horse Hides, salt, ' $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $150
for large ' and" 50c@$l • for small. :■ • . . ,
TALLOW— No.. 1- rendered, 3%@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined,' 4%@sc; Grease, 2c. • • .
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain,: 12
months', 7@9c; San Joaquin- and Southern, ,7
months'. SS9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c; Nevada, 10@
13c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. . : -
Fall/Wools— . . ?>.
Humboldt • and ■ Mendocino. ; 9<gsil
Northern Mountain ;................. 8® 9
Mountain ................;.... . v. ... 7<S)^>
Plains .....................:........;,.......... 6@ 8
HOPS— IB2B crop, 12%<i?14c per lb for ordinary
15@16c for good and 17<§19c for eholce to fancy!
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%<&)5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, ',.%* 86. '.'• t ,
:\1 COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton,: v $8; -. Southfleld , Wellington, - $7 50; \ Seattle,
$6; Bryant, ; $6; Coos Bay, $5: : Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, ■ $8; 1 Cumberland, $8 50©9 in : bulk and
$10@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. ■". $14; [ Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and > Castle Gate, $7 60; ; Coke, $12 per ; ton In
bulk and $14 in; sacks. ,.-..- sv- 
. ' CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9?ic; Sisal, 9Vic; Duplex,
B*4o basis. .- /.-.. - ■-.. -■!.•-■ .^.--.: ...■,■
--• CANNED :■ FRUlTS— Shipment iof ' 1000 cases
fruit to Sydney and • 4525 cases ;to >'- London
Cherries. $1 35&1 40; ' Peaches,-; $1 40@l 75; I Pears
$1 40; > Apricots, $1 40;. ; P1um5.95c.^;- r . '•
 CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, . 86c@$l 25:
Asparagus, $1 50tfCI 75; Tomatoes, ; 95c. .. • t
-::• COFFEE— Costa *.>>; Rica— ; for ' prime
washed. x UfilS'/zC : for ' good • washed, 13@14c I for
good to prime .v^ashed peaberry,':il%@l2^4c. for
good peaberry,' t 12@13c for | good to prime, 1 io4@
lie nominal for good 'current mixed with black
beans, : 9<§loV4e :f or : fair, s%@Bc | for common to
ordinary. -• Salvador— ll®l3c 11 for good; to ■ prime
; washed, 9@lO',ic for fair weaned, 10%@llHo for
good -to • prime -washed- peaberry, 8%@8%c • for
. superior unwashed. . 8c ■ for • good green un
washed, : 9*4© 10c for good to • prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— Sig'SSic nominal for good
to superior unwashed, 9Vi@loc nominal for good
to prime i unwashed peaberry. Guatemala I and
Mexican— l4@l6^c for prime to fancy washed,
10iA@llttc f or good to strictly good washed, 9@
10c for fair washed. 7@BVic for medium, 5@6%c
for inferior to ordinary, 11%@12c for ! good .to
prime washed i peaberry, 9%@10c for good , un
washed peaberry, B@B%c . for ■ good to superior
unwashed. - ■•■■: ■
'■ ■ PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected,.4M:c; imitation Eastern. sVic; boneless,
5%c; strips, s>Sii§7'.4c; : blocks, • 5%@7c ; tablets.
7%0; middles, 6%<gß^c per ib; desiccated, 87% c
p r , , dozen; pickled cod, <~ barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, •■• half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— Leather, heavy, 25@28c per
id; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole, Leather,
light. 23@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24(§'25c;
rough Leather, light. 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30@3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 27©
30c: Harness Leather, 26@28c; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c
per ib; Veal, , finished. 50<&53c; Calf, finished,
.sc«sl; Sides, finished, - 16(Q17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c per Ib: Rough Splits, B@loc.
. California Cjistor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c:
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers'; rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiler, 46c; raw. 44c;
cases 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China"
Nut, 45@530 per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases. 60c: Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c: bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gal
lon, i ■ • ■
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal OU, in bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 17% c Astral Oil.
17% c; Star Oil, . 17Vic; Extra Star : Oil, 21% c:
Elaine Oil. 22% c; Eocene Oil. 19V4c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 13Vic; In cases, 19c;
Benzine, in bulk, 12Hc; cases. 17^c; S6-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Light Candles— 6s, 16 oz.
7%c; 6s, 14 oz, 6%c; 6s, 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
5V4c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 16 oz, 9^c;
6s, 14 oz. SUe; 6s, 12 oz 7%c: 6s. 10 oz, 6%c.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s, 6s, 12s, white.
8!4c; colored. 9^c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per Ib.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 58c; in iron barrels,
53c; in wooden barrels, 55c per gallon. * '
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
39c: cases. 5c more. -
QUICKSILVER-$42 per flask for local use
and $38©38 50 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany announces . an advance in all grades
and quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dr<- Granulated, -5%c: Confec
tioners A. 5%c: California A. 5%c; Magnolia A.
5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, s^c; half -barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER. :-/:,
LUMBER— of 312,746 feet lumber
and 3106 doors to Sydney. Retail prices are as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $15 50@18 00; ex
tra sizes, higher; Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and
$14@15 for No. 2; Lath. 4 feet, $2 20@2 30; Pick
ets, $14; Shingles 1 $1 35 for common and $2 25 i
for fancy; Shakes, for split and $10 50 for i
sawn; Rustic, $15@21 '
CANNED SALMON-Shipment ol 25,423 cases
to London and 7723 cases and 600 half-barrels
to Sydney. . . . . ,
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Fears of drought are Impelling stockmen to
ship In their cattle and' In consequence re
ceipts of beef are large and the market Is
accordingly weaker.. There is no change in
Mutton or Veal. Hogs are coming In freely
and are weak at unchanged quotations. • .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality, 6c;
third quality. 4«±@s%c. ■ . ■
VEAL— Large, B@B%c: small, B@B^c per lb. .
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— per lb. .
PORK-Live Hogs. 4c for large. 4%c for me
dium, and 3%®3%cfor small; stock Hogs, 2Vi@
3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6>4c for prime. -
- . ,• . . ,
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Tuesday, December «.
Flour, qr sks 6.086 Pelts, bdls 400
Wheat, ctls 500 Hides, no 2 035
Barley, ctls 2,750 Eggs, <3o« B.l&o
Cheese, ctls 27 Quicksilver, flks. 21 1
Butter, ctls 158 Leather, r0115.... 101
Tallow, ctls 3i 6 Lumber, feet ROOM
Beans, sks 1,4:9 Raisins, bxs 230
Potatoes, sks ?.7S."> Wine, gals 1W 900
Onions, sks 9CO Sugar, bags 575
Middlings, sks... 105 Brandy, gals 6,980
Hay. tons 172 Chicory, bbls 62
Wool, bales 49
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 23.495 Onions, sks 133
Barley, ctls 3,070 Hay, tons 30
Oats, ctls 300 Bran, sks 3,964
Potatoes, sks.... 4,8031 Wool, bales.. •
Wheat, ctls 5,300 1
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Hale & Norcross did some gTound and lofty
tumbling yesterday. The payment of the $1 50
dividend removed the props from under the
stock and it opened at 10c, against $1 60 as
the best figure of the preceding day. It sub
sequently took the up grade again, as will be
seen by the list of sales. The other stocks
were somewhat nervous in sympathy, but there
were no marked changes.
In local securities Oceanic sold down to $59.
The stockholders of the Hale & Norcross
mine were yesterday paid a dividend of $1 60
per share. As there are 112,000 shares in the
mine, the dividend amounts to |165,000. This
is the first dividend in ten years, the last pre
vious one of 50c per share having been paid on
August 8, ISBB. The dividend Just added in
creases the total to $5,776,200 paid out in divi
dends.
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
and Hamilton districts, Nevada, for the week
ending December 2 were as follows: From
Eureka — Bullwhacker mine, 35.300 pounds-
Diamond, 32,360; Excelsior, 70,270; Eureka Con '
34,570; Hamburg, 37,260; Jackson, 72,190- Rich
mond, 77,190. From Hamilton— McEllln, 34,470.
Rocco — Smith & Jackson, 88,220.
The annual meeting of the Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank has been called for
January 10.
The annual meeting of the Kennedy Mining
and Milling Company has been called for De
cember 19.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Chol
lar Mining Company will be held to-day
The Argonaut mine at Jackson, Amador
County, paid the regular monthly dividend of
10c per share, or $20,000, on the 26th
The old officers of the Old Bonanza Mining
Company have been re-elected, with J M
Wllmans as secretary.
The Visitaclon Water Company has re
elected the old directors and officers, with
Charles D. Farquharson as secretary
The Mexican Mining Company at Its an
nual meeting, re-elected the old directors and
officers, with Charles H. Fish an president
Charles Hirshfeld as vice president, Charles
E. Elliot secretary and G. McM. Ross superin
tendent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 6.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
U. S. Bonds— Pac L, Co 46% — "
4s quar coup.. — — SF G & E... 84& S4U,
4s quar reg... — — San Fran — 311
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. — 14
3s quar c0up.. 105% — Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s I^s — Contra Costa.. 52% 55
C C Wat 55. ..101 — Marin Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 98V4 Spring Valley. 101%102
X L & P 65. ..130 — Bank Stocks-
F &Cl Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 63* 65
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1. ..254 —
II C& S 5%5.. — — Cal SD & T.. 98^100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl.2lo 215
Do gntd 65. .100 102 Lon P & A....132& —
Market-st t5..120 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 53.115%116 Nev Nat 8....175 —
NCN G R 75.108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .114 — Ger S & L..1620 -*
N Ry Cal os.. 10514105% Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPG R R 6s. 103 — Mutual Say. 35 40
NPC R R 55. 100*4101 S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal-R R ss. — — S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 8s 127 — Union T Co. 1080 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 107 108 Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....109H —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. 100 — Market-st 57 58
SF & N P 6s. UO^llOH Oak S L & H. — —
SlerraßCal Gs.lO4y.lor>',4 Presidio 9V» —
S P of Ar Gs..I10V»lll Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)HIHII2'/i California ....132^140
9PC 6s (1912)116%117»,4 E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg 58.102 — Giant Con Co. 57V4 57* i
SPBr 6s 118 — Vlgorit 3V4 3%
S V Water 6s. 119 120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45.in2% — Al Pac Assn. .lo4 10414
S V W4s(3dm).looTilolH Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — Hana P C 0.... 174 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 60 51
Capital- Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 63% 84
Cent Gaslight. 10.") — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 9H — Oceanic S Co.. 59 81
Mutual El Co. 12V* 13 Pac A F A... 1% 2
Oakland Gas.. 52 62 tf Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Pac Gas Imp. S6 — Par Paint Co. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board —
135 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
60 Hana Plantation Co, b 11 17 «0
GO Hana Plantation Co, b 10 17 W
50 Hana Plantation Co, cash IT 50
W» Hawaiian Com & Sugar, caah 50 00
DO Hutchinson S P Co 63 75
5 Market-st Railway 57 50
G Market-st Railway 57 75
30 Oceanic S S Co, s 60 60 00
20 Oceanic S S Co, s 60 59 75
50 Oceanic S 8 Co, s 90 59 00
10 Oceanic S 8 Co 60 00
IS F Savings Union, cash 500 00
40 S V Water 10175
20 S V Water, cash 101 75
1100 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
Street—
20 Bank of California 255 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Giant Powder Con 57 50
100 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 50 00
$1500 Los Angeles Light bonds (gntd) 100 00
5 Oakland Gas 52 25
26 Pacific Gas Imp 86 25
$2000 S P Branch Ry bonds 118 00
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 00
600 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
THE INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 S V Water 10 l *)
100 Equitable Gaslight \ o"
100 Equitable Gaslight 8 "
Afternoon Session.
400 Vigorlt 3 2o
35 S V .Water |°2 00
$7000 S P of Ariz 6 per cent J°3 S7^s
$5000 S V Water 4 per cent (3d issue).... 101 00
150 Equitable Gaslight » \i «
75 Equitable Gaslight 6 2o
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con 06 60 Mexican 2S
300 Andes 08 100 Ophir (*>
1000 Best & Belcher 37 100 Ophir 63
100 Best & Belcher. 38 800 Ophir 61
500 Con Cal & Va..l 30 50 Ophir 62
500 Con Cal &. Va..l 25 200 Potosi 25
100 Crown Point.... 18 100 Savage 17
400 Gould & Curry.. 25 100 Savage 16
| 100 Gould & Curry.. 24 SOO Sierra Nevada.. l 15
I 600 Hale & Norcrs.. U 100 Sierra Nevada. .l 20
! 000 Hale & Norcrs.. 11 1000 Utah 15
100 Mexican 27!
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 411200 Ophir 65
300 Best & Belcher. 42|300 Potosi 26
100 Challenge 17] 100 Potosi 23
1100 Con Cal & Va.l ttjM Savage 17
100 Gould & Curry.. 271600 Sierra Nevada.. l 30
I 100 Hale &. Norcrs.. 22 100 Sierra Nevada.. l IS
! 700 Hale & Norcrs.. 21 100 Union Con 27
j 150 Hale & Norcrs.. 20 250 Union Con 26
100 Mexican 30 350 Utah 15
600 Occidental 76 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Best & Belcher 39 900 Mexican 23
600 Best & Belcher. 38 200 Ophir 66
200 Best & Belcher. 40 400 Ophir 65
600 Chollar 26 500 Ophtr 63
200 Chollar 27 1100 Ophir 62
650 Con Cal & Va...l 35 300 Potosi 25
100 Con Cal & Va.l 271^ 300 Savage 18
100 Con Cal & Va...l 30 200 Sierra Nevada. .l 30
300 Con Cal & Va.l 32% 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 25
900 Gould & Curry.. 26 400 Sierra Nevada.. l 20
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 16 200 Sierra Nevadal 17^
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 15 200 Sierra Nevada. .l 15
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 14 600 Union Con 25
400 Hale & Norcrs.. Is 400 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 07 200 Hale & Norcrs.. 20
200 Andes 08 900 Hale & Norcrs.. 21
400 Belcher 21 800 Hale & Norcrs.. 22
400 Best & Belcher. 40 600 Ophir 65
300 Best & Belcher. 41 600 Overman 03
400 Challenge Con.. 18 600 Sierra Nevada.. l 25
300 Con Cal & Va..l 35 200 Sierra Nevadal 27V£
600 Gould &. Curry.. 27 300 Sierra Nevada. .l 30
200 Gould & Cut ry.. 28 200 Union Con 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Dec. 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 05 07 Julia 01 02
Alta 12 13 Justice 17 18
Andes 07 09 Kentuck 06 07
Belcher 21 22 Lady Wash — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 32 33
Best & Belcher 42 13 Occidental 80 —
Bullion — 05 Ophir 65 C 6
Caledonia 21 23 Overman 02 04
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 25 26
Challenge Con.. 17 18 Savage 17 18
Confidence 62 — Scorpion 02 05
Con Cal & Va.l 30 140 Seg Belcher.... — 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. l 25 135
Crown Point... 17 18 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con 30 — Standard 1751 SO
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 26 2S
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norcrs. 19 21' Yellow Jacket. 18 19
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Bale.
:rrr-
Chollar
Crown Point
Alta
Mexican
Best & Belcher...
Confidence ]
Alpha
f T"»_l .1
Beg-. Belcher
Occidental
..Nov. 12 ..Dec. 7
..Nov. 15 ..Dec. 9
..Nov. 17 ..Dec. 20
..Nov. 18 ..Dec. 13
..Nov. 18 ..Dec. 13
..Nov. 20 ..Dec. 14
..Nov. 25 ..Dec. 19
..Nov. 26 ..Dec. 19
..Nov. 28 ..Dec. 28
..Dec. 2 ..Dec. 28
..Dec. 5 ..Dec. 29
..Dec. 11 ..Jan. 4
..Dec. lS|..Jan. 6
..Dec. 29..J an. 231
..April 9l..Dec. 22|
X
Potosi
Gould & Curry ..
Overman I
N. Gould & Curry
Union
Hale & Norcrosg.
The Prlnec of Wales is colonel of thir
teen British regiments, the Duke of Con
naught eight, the Duke of York three, and
the Duke of Cambridge eight. These, of
course, include regulars, volunteers and
yeomanry, and most of the positions are
honorary.
THE CALL'S CALENDAB.
December, J998.
Tu.
W»
llooti'% . Phases.
Last Quarter,
It. December C.
I
8
j»SI New Moon. ;
V? December 13.
-^ First Quarter,
W December - 19,
/TN Full Moon.
WDecember 27.
rr
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
•SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7.
Sun rises 7:13
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 0:44 a. m.
D iTlmel [Time Timel Timel
g. Ft. ] Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
?H Wl |LW (H W|^ LW|
7 ... 6:04 6.0 12:41 1.9 6:42 3.4 11:49 2.2
8 ... 6:38 6.2 1:32 1.3 8:02 3.4
L.WHW L W H W
9 ... 0:38 2.6 7:12 5.5 2:22 0.8 9:17 3.5
10 ... 1:28 2.8 7:50 5.7 3:10 0.3 10:22 3.8
L 1... 2:18 3.0 8:32 G. 9 3:58—0.2 11:20 4.0
12... 3:10 3.1 9:18 6.1 4:45—0.7
HWLW H W L W
13 ... 0:12 4.1 4:04 3.2 10:08 6.2 5:32—1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide Bf
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the lost or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fiven are additions to the soundings on the
nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
SIEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Weeott :..... I
Mackinaw . . .... J
Pr0gre50.......'.
C0r0na.......... I
8ri5t01..:........
Walla Walla.:..
City of Peking..!
Pomona: . .". ; . . .'. I
Lakme.v'. ;.;.r."T. I
"aqulna Bay ..'.........
'nooma • ....'..■.:.*..■..
cattle - . ..... .-. . . . . .... ...
an Diego ■.;...... .v. :. :.
)eparture Bay-:.:..;..;,
'ictoria & Puget Sound
hina and Japan........
lumboldt ;..........
*uget Sound
•anama • : '. . . .
"uget Sound
Jewport ...■.;..
lex lco •"■;■.'.
"acoma ;. .... . . ... ........
)eparture Bay ..........
Hand .................. i
an : Diego '■'. . . . .' ".
lumboldt - j
loos > Bay ................ !
[umboldt ................ I
'nrtland ......... :~. ...... |
c. 7
c. 7
c. 7
c. 7
c. 7
c. ' 8
c. : D
C. ' 8
a. -8
C. >■ »■» ■
1. 9
:. 9
s. 9
B. 9
2/10
2. 11
:. 11
11.
a. 12
?. 12
:. 12 !
X 13
3. 13
:. 13
:. 13 ;
:. 14 !
J. 16 ■
ana.....:.
t>a.:....:...
a 0......'...
1a..........
igton
ibiH
Rosa ]
it..:.......
Vork'.'.V.'.'
Fork
i.;
3ay........
i1ia........
I .:.-.."■....-..
0rte.......
H1a..r......
lewport i
r ictoria & Puget Sound
ißtoria
'rescent City
lustralla ■
ortland !
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
. 7, 10 ami Pier 20
. 7, S aniiPier 11
. 7. 10 am ! Pier 9
. 7. 2 pmlPier 13
:. 7. 10 am Pier 13
:. 7. 10 amlPier 13
. 8, U miPMSs
:. 9, 10 amjPier 24
. 9. 11 amiPler 11
:. 10, 2 pm!Pler 9
'.. 11, 9 am; Pier 11
. 12, 10 am .Pier 9
:. 13, 11 am Pier 11
:. U. 2 pmiipier 7
;. Uf 10 amiPJ«r 24
Sails.
Alliance ...
Coos Bay...
Queen
Chllkat ....
"Weeott
Arcata
Peru [
State of Call
Corona
Pomona. ....'
Ports.
rt
5 Kt Sd.
Idt ....
a. Bay.
ly
d......
■KO
1dt....
Orizaba ....I
t
'KtSd.
;go.v.'..
1u...""
■
.-.
d
TIMK BALL.
Branch Hyrfrographic Office. U. S. N. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 6, 1888.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich rr>par
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. r>. X., m , iiarge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December •.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days 14 houra
15 minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr Ruth. Strand, 63 hours from Tiilamook.
Stmr South Portland, Paton, 3 daya from
Astoria.
Stmr State of California, Parsons. 54% hours
from Portland: via Astoria 43% hours.
Stmr N^arro, Walvig, 60 hours from Ya
quina Bay.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen, 35 hours from Cres-
cent City.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 66 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr ChlLkat, Anderson, 25% hours from Eu
"stmr Cleone, Miller, 67 hours from Tilla
mook. _
Bark Gatherer. Stockkobye. 13 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 3 days from.
Bnwens landing.
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, 11 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 6.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Queen, Joseph, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Gondall,
Perkins & Co.
Bktn Wrestler. Nielsen. Kauiui; Hawaiian
Commercial & Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 6.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Andersen. Seattle.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa fruz.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Younggren, Tacoma.
Schr Achie. and Fontie, Colstrup, Stewart*
Point.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
SPOKEN.
Oct 17, 46 S, 63 \V— Br ship Wasdale. from
Antwerp for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 6. 10 p m— Weather hazy}
wind NE; velocity 16 mile?.
CHARTERS.
The Colbert loads wheat at Portland or Ta
coma for Europe. 34s 6d. Geneva, guano at
Cllpperton Island for Honolulu. Mildred, lum
ber at Port Gamble for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 6— SLmr Grace Dol
lar, from .
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Pomona, hno
Dec 5.
UMPQU A— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Lily, hence
Nov 18.
Hailed Dec s— Schr Louise, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 6— Bark
Tidal Wave, from Tacoma for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 6 — Schr Spokane, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 3— Schr Abbie.
from Caspar; schr Maria E Smith, from Lud-
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Dec 6— Bktn
Northwest, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Dec 6— Schr Excelsior and schr Chal
lenger, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 6— Schr Ed
ward Parke, hence Nov 16.
Sailed Dec s— Schrs C H Merchant and Matd
of Orleans, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Dec s— Bark Oakland, for
San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 6— Bark Aureola,
(or San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 6— BarK Tidal Wave,
for San Pedro; schr Dora Bmhm, for San
Pedro.
Arrived Dec 3— Ship Louis Walsh, hence Nov
18.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec 6— Stmr Cleveland, for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec s— Nor bark Aker
shuh, from Htogo; stmr Columbia, hence Dec
4; Aus stmr Burma, hence Dec 3; stmr Fulton,
hence Dec 3.
Sailed Dec 6 — Br ship Eulomene, for Queens
town.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Dec s— Bktn Quick
step, from Fort Bragg.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 14— Bktn Echo, fm
Newcastle, NSW. Nov 15— Ship St Francis, fm
Norfolk ; schr Endeavor, from Port Townsend :
stmr Newport, hence Nov 8. Znov 16 — Bktn
Planter, from Laysan Island: Nor bark Carri
1 zal, from Newcastle, NSW; ship Farrague, fm
Tacoma. Nov 17— Stmr City of Rio Janeiro, hnc
Nov 10. Nov 21 — Ship Yosemlte, from Tacoma.
Nov 22— Brig W G Irwin. hence Nov 9. Nov
23 — Br stmr Mlowera, from Sydney: stmr Aus
tralia, hence, Nov 16. Nov 24— Br bark City of
St Adelaide, from Newcastle, NSW. Nov 25—
Br stmr Aonangi. from Victoria; bark Albert,
hence Nov 13. Nov 26— Br stmr Belgic. hence
Nov 19; stmr St Paul, hence Nov 18. Nov 28—
Br stmr Hupeh, from Yokohama.
Sailed Nov 16 — Schr Emma and Louisa, for
Seattle; stmr Pennsylvania, for Manila. Nov
IS— Bktn Amelia, for Port Townsend: schr A M
Baxter, fdr Port Townsend; stmr City of Rio
rle Janeiro, for San Francisco; stmr Newport,
for Manila. Nov 20— Schr Allen A. for Grays
Harbor. Nov 23 — Br stmr Miowera, for Van
couver. Nov 24— Bark C C Allen, for San
Francisco. Nov 25— Bark Sea King, for Port
Townsend. Br stmr Aorangi, for Sydney. Nov
?6 — Br stmr Belgic, (or Yokohama; bark Chas
B Kenny, for Port Townsend.
SYDN EY— Arrived Dee s— Schr Honolpu, from
Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Nov 24— Br baric
I Brussels, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived Nov 14— Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Nov 1.
HONOlPU— Arrived Nov C 3 — Schr Emma
Claudina, from Tacoma.
KAILUA— Sailed Nov 20— Schr Bangor, (or
Puget Sound.
KAHULUI— SaiIed Nov 23— Brig Lurllne, (or
San Francisco.
— '
j OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
! Hgfc. Steamers - leave Broadway
B«[^ wharf. San Francisco:
I RBSIRfek For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m
HPKjWfc Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
S mm. flSfTti&l change at Seattle.
P fS^vSPi s*l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i fltt^Mfljfin? C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
ir^^HgiKaßl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
• ""* 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17, 22,
27 Jan 1 and every fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry at Vancouver to C. Bay).' 2 p. ro.. Dec.
5, For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), every fifth day-
'■ 5, 10. 15. 20. 25. 30, Jan. 4, and every fifth day
1 For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. a Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 7.. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31.
Jan. 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo : (Los Angeles. 11 a.
m Dec. 1, 5, 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29, Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 15, Jan.
12
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnanga
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ai" 1 fimirs of sailine.
. ffIOKKT OWIOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • ~ -
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
■ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
| FORT L 3ST ID
?^"rom Sp^ar-^treet »« '■<" •■• . ■».
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth*
tAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
! COLUMBIA sails.... Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14, 21
STATE OF CAL. sails.... Nov. 29. Dec. 9, 19. 2*
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East.
- E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. ..•..:;:-.'. , 630 Market street.
GOODALfj. PERKINS & CO.. ' "\
. Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
• ■ /. "-■ (French Line)
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ■ --^
i (FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <jfJpFfs
jat 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North w>B2Mßto
i River, foot of Morton street. ■
i LA GASCOGNE........ Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE.. Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNK... ......Dec. 24
I LA NORMANDIE .............Dec. 31
i LA GASCOGNE ... Jan. 7
j First class to Havre, $00 and upward. 5 per
, cent reduction on round trip. > Second class to
! Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip. ■
! GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
, AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
urf^V^BpraMa* S/-,-'s. AUSTRALIA
/O*T*&Sii?i'l«lS&- saila for Honolulu
Di'lT Si "-^ Wednesday. December
*l Y/Stv'twa • — >^ 14. at 2d. m. -
fHPiaBBfIK The S. AUSTRALIA
[jKJIVfBIr saU9 for Honolulu
I*6 W Wednesday, December
ft «. 14. at 2 d. m.
QfecCrLm^i The S - S ALAME DA
nUCdIuSnDJ sails via Honolulu anil
Auckland for Sydney
£Si&^ (OUtßfll/LkWednesday. December
efs> . »ii"'NW''sl 28, at 10 p. m. --
:■■■ Line. to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. '
•" :■ 114 Montgomery st. '■'.
; Freight of flee— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. -
, - BAY - AND STEAMERS
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
■'-. ' '■ ;.'v Steamer "Montlcello." ■ .
'. Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..".... ...... -■'
: 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. •m. : (8:30 p., m. ex. ' Thuri.)
! Friday 5...........;.. .:.l p. m. and 8:30 p. m. ■_,
: Sundays .......'.;. .'.... "...10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m. .
■ Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pltr I.
j ■ -.... - - Telephone-" Main 1508.' ' '.•■'/•.THE SENATE
COMMITTEE
IS SNUBBED
Vermont Marble Com
pany the Snubber.
BOOKS ARE NOT PRODUCED
MR. HAWLEY WILL BE REPORT
ED TO THE LEGISLATURE.
Progress of the Senate Investigation
Relating to the Construction
of the Union Ferry
Depot.
The events of yesterday morning's res
nlon of the Senate committee of invcsti
that tlie inside facts and
: !!;<> new ferry depot scandal
7 will <n!ed to the public of Cali
fornia until the "gislature convenes and
tti power to compel the produc
tion of important books and data.
The committee's authority was deued
by M. J. Hawtejr. the manager of the Ver
mont Marble Company. On the advice of
the company's attorney he declined to
produce the books of original entry and
bearing on the price paid by the con
tractor, C. F. McCarthy, for marble used
in the construction of the building.
Yesterday toorning Manager Hawley
was before the committee at the time
-mated. He was called to the witness
Btand and interrogated by Senator Dick
inson, chairman. The Questions and an
swers were:
Question— Have you the date and original en
try-book called for by the committee?
Answer — Our attorney ftdvtaM v* that we
have- no connection with the State in this mat
ter, and as wo do not care to advertise our
private business. -we shall decline to produce
our book*. except upon order of the court. '■■
Q. — As 1 understand it, you are the general
manager of the company and have charge of
its affairs?
A.— Ye«; manager of th« San Francisco
branch of the coij»pany.
«J. — I understand now that you decline i to
produce data, on which you based your collec
tions as to the cost of the marble work?
—Except en the order of court.
a.— You have that data in your possession
and under your control?
A.— Yea, sir.
y.— And you also decline to produce your
"Vtnoks of original entry, covering everything
• mentioned in this marble transaction with Mr.
McCarthy?
—Yes. sir.
Q.— Are those books In your possession and
under your control?
.A. -Yes, sir. . .
The chairman, after consulting with his
associates on the committee — Senators
l'rlsk and lioyce— said:
r that the matter may be formal, the
committee directs you to produce without delay
this data, also the books containing the orig
inal entries regarding the marble furnished by
' naed In this Union Ferry building, and
all entries connected with the same as far as
relates to matters between you and Mr. Mc-
Carthy, or as between you and any architect
i r any other person connected with or having
anything to do with this building, and you de
cline to do that?
A.— Yes, air.
General Dickinson— That is all.
. The committee then adjourned until 1
p. m.
During the recess General Dickinson
Bald to a reporter of The Call:
"Nothing more can be done until the
Legislature convenes. Then Mr. Hawley
chn be called before the Senate to explain.
The cases two- years ago, involving ; the
' power of 'the Senate, went before the Su
perior Court and Supreme Court of the
mate and the United States court. The
power of the Senate to punish for con
tempt is established by the decisions."
The general comment is to the effect
that the marble company was not well
advised when it decided to defy the Sen
ate committee. In order to give the com
pany further light in the premises Gen
eraJ Dickinson will send to Manager Haw
ley a copy of the resolution under which
the committee is conducting the. present
.investigation. The Legislature has power
•(to compel the production of papers and
l\:o punish witnesses for contempt. Sooner
%t later all the facts and incidents of the
ferry depot scandal must be brought to
lipht. -\lr Hawley's refusal to furnish
the committee with information -in his
possession will tend to make the public
more eager and insistent- than ever in
pressing the Inquiry.
At the afternoon session William Cronin
was called as a witness by the chairman
to give his figures and details as to the
cost of the marble capitals.
The witness said he did not have his
data, and could not give the details. "I
made the capitals in my shop,", he said.
"I could not, without going over the de
tails again, give you the figures by which
I calculated that the capitals cost $24
apiece. When the shop on the premises
was torn down the data was destroyed.
1 have not the detailed plan now."
Regarding the painting the witness tes
tified: "I figured on the amount of iron
used. These figures gave 170.000 square
feet of fiat iron and 143,013 square feet of
corrugated iron. The iron was painted on
both sides.
chairman— How did you arrive at this quan
\Vitn«s»— I measured the roof. For painting
the flat iron I charged one cent a foot and half
a cent a foot for the corrugated iron.
Mr. Cronin. replying to Senator Dick
lnt>on, aaid there was nothing contained in
ginal proposals in regard to paint
ing.
H.aator D!ckln»on— You make a proposal on
this date to paint concealed surfaces and you
dl the Iron. Did you feel yourself called
upon to point all the galvanized iron?
Mr. Cronin— My understanding was to paint
all the corrugated Iron.
Q — What estimates did you make on con
cealed portions?
A.— l made none.
Q -Do you mean tc say that this la your
proposition?
A.— lt was rheaper to paint all than to paint
Xthe concealed portion. It was the Intention of
1 y bid to I aint all.
The specifications and records were pro
duced to show that a coat of red paint
wa* to be put on by the painting con
tractor.
It was further testified by Mr. Cronin
that he sublet some of his own painting to
Bmlth & Son. The witness said he could
not produce data or figures as to the price
designated In the subletting. There v.-as a
verbal arrangement with George Smith.
Mr. Cronin further testified that the
work In some respect was not done ac
cording: to the specifications, but that the
architect permitted him to go ahead and
rtn the Job in workman-like manner. The
CEREAL.
DR. HALE DOES NOT
Write Testimonials, but Does Good
In Another Way.
My husband, Dr. Hale, does not write
but he always rec-
smmends to his patients the use of
Postum Food Coffee in place of com-
mon coffee.
We mix the Postum with just enough
egg (white and yolk beaten together)
to moisten it a little, then the Postum
does not boil up around the edges of
the coffee pot as it does when moist-
ened with water alone, and we think
It tastes richer and seems clearer.
This does not take the place of con-
tinued boiling, for we have no way to
get the rich taste out of Postum ex-
- pt by knowing that it has been al-
"♦ ved 10 boil fifteen or twenty min-
xes, after the real boiling begins.
Many make a mistake by counting
'he fifteen minutes from the time they
rut the pot on the stove, but this will
not do. I have never had any liver
trouble since I began the use of Pos-
tum, whereas before I was constantly
troubled with a sluggish liver.
Mrs. Morrie Hale, 417 Quapau ave-
nue, Hot Springs, Ark.
record was then made in the official In
quiry that the specifications were not fol- |
lowed.
Answering questions put by his counsel,
E. B. Young, Mr. Cronin testified that he
did not desire to be understood as saying
that the architect or Harbor Commission
ers authorized him to ignore the specifica
tions, but advised him to do the work in
a workman-like manner.
In the evening the Senate investigating
committee convened at 8 o'clock, and inci
dentally tested the iluminating facilities
°i t l? e J} a ■ lOf Commissioners' apa-tmen'.s
of the Lnion Depot while giving attention
to the statements of Contractor J. C.
Bateman. who had the contract for car
p.c« nt J* r 'v- pla6 , ter a P d glazing work. He tes
tified that iron braces, steel beams, joist
anchors, and other material cost a great
deal more money than the prices esti
mated by the expert. The cost of his work
w , a ? '"creased by numerous delays for
which he was not responsible. He said he
complained of the obstructions and placed
many of his complaints before Mr. Robin
son, who was superintendent of construc
tion.
Senator Dickinson called E. L. Colnon,
Harbor Commissioner, to the witness
stand. Mr. Colnon, replying to questions,
testified: "I began my duties as Commis
sioner in March. 1895. The foundation of
the depot was then half finished and the
plans for thY» superstructure had been pre
pared. The sum of $4000 -had been allowed
the architect. A. Page Brown, but no pro
posals had been invited. No other archi
tect than Mr. Brown, so far as I know,
had been consulted. My fellow Commis
sioners were Dan T. Cole and V. S. Chad
bourne. Contracts were awarded Decem
ber 24. 1595. on plans prepared by Mr.
Brown. Architect Percy was employed to
expert the plans. There was a great deal
of newspaper criticism about this time.
It was said that the plans had been so
drawn that local *ron men were excluded
from bidding. 1 was the private secretary
of Governor Budd Just before my appoint
ment, and I thought It best U) have the
foundation experted, as newspaper re
ports represented the foundation work as
inferior.
"Mr. Perov did not change the plans
drawn by Mr. Brown and bids were re
ceived on the original plans, but no work
was ilune until nearly a year had elapsed.
"\Ye had a long period of litigation. The
change in the material from Oregon to
Coiusa stone went to the Supreme Court.
I was opposed to changing material after
a proposal had been made. I did not vote
for the change until the court and the
Attorney General of the State decided
that we had the right to change. The
contract price of the stone was $230,000."
Replying to further questions by the
chairman Mr. Colnon testified that the
mistake in building the depot was the
failure to ke*p within the limit of J60P.000.
Exhaustive tt-sts were made of the stone
and no mistake wa:s made in accepting
the Coiusa material, as the tests demon
strated its superiority.
Senator Dickinson asked what right the
board had to exceed $600,000 or adopt.
changes.
The Corrfmi6Bioner said the board con
sulted the Governor and Attorney Gen
eral. Some of the changes were suggest
ed by the demands of the transportation
companies.
In the course of his testimony the wit
ness testified that he did not participate,
in the changes, but subsequently added
that the Harbor Commissioners were
unanimous on all questions relating to
the construction of i.he building."
AN OLD KNIGHT TEMPLAR.
James Harvey Helm' Dies at the Res-
idence of Hi« Niece After a
Brief Illness.
James Harvey Holm, a pioneer, died at
the residence of his niece, Mrs. M. O.
Austin, 3593 Nineteenth street, on Mon
day night, after a brief illness from val
vular disease of the heart.
He was born in Illinois on September
11, 1826. and was c -ucated in New York.
He came to California across the plains
In 1850. and located in Grass Valley, where
he made a fortune in mining. There he
married Elizabeth McCarthy, and four
j children were born to them. Two sons
are alive— J. D. Helm, who is mining in
the State of Washington, and H. H.
Helm, who is looking after mines in Ari-
zona.
The deceased took up his residence in
this city in IS7S. and was one of the
charter members of the first Knights
Templar lodge — California No. 1. He took
an active interest in Masonry, and the
funeral will be under the auspices of the
Masonic order.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s platinotypes In
black frames, car'oon photographs In old
Flemish oak, colored prints in gilt frames,
are new and artis'.ic and make acceptable
Christmas presents. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Dec. 6, 1898.— Twentieth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
1; purse,
Horse.
Weight.!
4m.
%m.
287 Elizabeth R 100(5 ... 3 4 3 2 12 16 Gray S-5 3
... Llmatus 108 3 ... 2 1 lh 24 2«4 H.Martin 4 4
2SO Fuga 101! 4 ... 4 6 4 6 4 6 3 4 Bullman 15 50
184 Engea 104 2 ... 11 22 3h 42 Thorpe 1 6-5
... Wood Robin 103 1 ... 86 65 85 5^4 Reauchamp .. 4 10
... Cnzenzo 103 6 ... 5 4 6 4 IZ 6 10 |E. Jones 6 9
280 Santa Flora 100 7 ... 7 7^ 7 7 |Powell 80 100
Time. :io. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. f. by Fonso- Workmate. Bad start. Won eas-
ily. SfH-nnd and third driving.
Apparently Engea doesn't like the game. She stopped after going thr** furlongs. The
winner at all times looked the best.
6
3
4
2
1
6
7
3 4
... -,- 21
... ■-- 4 6
;... 11
6 5
5 4
7
3 2
1 h
4 6
2 2
€ 5
5 4
7
1 2
2 V.
4 6
3 h
65
* 3
7
1 6
2%
3 4
4 2
5 4
6 10 !
7 !
irtin
ian
•hamp ..
nee
II
8-5
4
15
1
4
6
30
3
4
50
6-5
10
100*
314.
BBCOSTO RACE— Futurity course f 170 feet less than six furlongs); selling; threte-
year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
\
«m.
«4m.
Str.
Jockeys.
273 Cardwel), 5.: 110 5
301 Jack o' Lantern. 4.. 107 2
IK3 Brown Prince, 3. ....107 7
279 Espirando, 3 107 3
279 Sierra Blanco. 3.... 107 8
... Paul Kruger 4 115 6
... Joan. 6 113 1
... Morana, 3.... 112 10.
279 Schnltz. 6... Ill 1 9.
*«■> Santa Lucia, 4 107111
IN K<J*<?mount. 6 107 4
279 Pelxotto 11, 4 107 12
7 4
6 h
6 h'
2 2
8 2
9 4
1 h
10 8
11 3
3 h
I**
6 4
2 h
4 2
1 1
5 h
si 4
10 2
11 2
9 4
*Vt
12 .
In
2 1
8 h
4 4
r- 4
c 2
7 4
8 2
8
10
11
12
J. Slcan....!;.
rones
'owell
Pullman
5
5-2
50
6
• 20
50
10
3
8
10
5
6
6
■•■ ; : 2
40
7
20
■80
10
6
12
30
ft
n
'-vemon '
allehy
loulUler
1. Martin
scan ..........
lutter
ihorpe
scauchamp ..
Time. 1:124. Winner, El Molina's eh. h. by Rathbone- Victoria. Fair start. Won clever-
ly. Second and third driving.
The winner finally got through, after Sloan had tried the flying wedge. Lantern burned
brightly and shruld have won. Espirando a? usual "dogged" it. Sierra Blanco ran a fins
race after being pocketed. Joan was short. Paul Kruger will do later with a pilot up.
15.
THIRD RACE— One mile; celling; all ages; purse, $400.
304 Rainier. 2 8711 II 12 12 13 13 (McCarthy .... «-5 1
306 Guilder, 8 110| 7 61 31 33 24 Zn ISpencpr 4 f
304 Princp Blaziis. 8.. ..1101 3 4% 62 64 32 32 C. Sloan R ft
263 TTlm, 2 89! 8 7 4h 44 64 4 24 Ward S 1
291 San Augustine, t... 89 2 2h 2 4 !h 4 4 sin Devln 4 4
207 Zarro 5 119 « 61 6h 66 «10 610 Thorpe 6 12
275 McPryor. S 119 4 8 1 7 7^ 7 7 Dlngley 25 __ 20( '
Time. 1:414. Winner. Dr. I. W. O'Rourke's b. g. by Orizaba-Navadlg. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Rainier struck his cless and made a romp of It. Guilder was a warm tip and ran well
Too far for San Augustine. Zarro had no speed.
irn.A.»n.ny ....
spencer
C. Sloan
Ward
Devln
Thorpe
Dlngley
4
4
6
25
1
I
8
4
12
200
16.
FOURTH
; purse, 8400.
Horse. Ago. Weight.
Hm.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Ooleto. 3 1
pamax, 3 '.
mwell. 6 '
3
2
1
.•;:: 1 n .-.-.■
22 .
3
1 h
24
8
1 1
2 8
I
1 1
2 4
3
1 2
2 6
8
n
4-5 1-2
6-5 8-5
6 S
Time. 1:40. W
Second and third
Napamax mat
-. E. J. Baldwin's eh. f. by Amlgo-Rosebud. Good start. Won easily.
splendid effort, but could not extend the winner.
17.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Hm.
*m.
Str.
Jockeys.
254 Mldlleht. 4 104 8
303 Mamie O. 6 .....104 1
2M Libertine, a. ....107 6
298 Wrardo, a. 196] 2'
255 CTFleta, 6. ........ 1041 5
m Ro»cma!d, 3. ....... .101 7
2?0 Alvero. 6 KM I 9
301 BaiHster. 8 99 8 ..
64 Oak Leaf. 4......... 104! 4.'
■ 83 '
; ; m :
6 1 ,
4 4
5 1 ■
8 3
8
.7 1
•21 .-:
4
h
4
3
242 4
h
1
8 1
1 4 ■
52
2h
4 4
9
83
62
1 1
2 n
3 4
4 6 -
5 2
6 1
72
82
9
f.. '.'.'.'.'.'.
n
r
amp ..!
i 1
: a s
6 4
80 100 '
12 40
50 100
■60 100
100 »)0;
80 100
Time. 1:14. Winner. F. J. Klttleman's br. m. by Imp. Midlothian-Electric Light. Good
■tart. Won easily. Second and thlrfi driving.
Mlrtllnht wan under restraint from the start. Mamie O was knocking, as usual. Liber-
tine is « big 'un for ReilT to handle. Ricardo ran a surprisingly good race, and his rider
savfvl no ground Oak Leaf quit early.
IO SIXTH RACIE— One and a sixteenth miles; wiling;
10. purse. 8400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Btd.
Mm. 4m.
%m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
276 Bernardlllo. 4
SO6 r.otohed. 3
800 Whltcnmb, 4
281 Benamela. 5 !
27f, Rhaßta Water. 4
2R3 Lady Hurst. 4
2!» Tenrica, 3
3% Inverary 11, 8
294 Colonial Dame. 8...
I « B H
IB 4 1
i 12
II 3 h
3 8 6
7 71
! 8 61
! t 2 h
! 9 9
4 4 21
64" 6h
12 11
31 8 1
;..T 2 5 2
"8 6 8 I
6 4 7 (
2 h Mb
>9 -^; 9.-
2 3 .
4 8
1 h
8 4
6 4
63.
86
■•■■-TTV."
•. • • :--.
1 2
8 8
\\
5 h
6 8
7 1
8 1
•
1 h
2 4
8 4
4 h-
6 h
B 10
7 4
-8 1
• •9- -■
in ...... i
s
ea ."..,..
)
lamp ..
5-2 3
6 9-5
10 10
3 5
5-2 4
30 r,o
40 100
5 4
30 100
y
Time, 1:4714. Winner. J. Coffey's b. g. by Emperor of Norfolk- Jennie B. Good start.
Won first three driving.
The enigmatical Bernardlllo was ready money and won In rag time. Gotobed was good
news from the end stall, and did make a "bold bid. Distanca a bit too far for Whltcotnbw
Bhasta Water waa cut off soon after the start. They ran too fast for Benamela.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
LA GOLETA
TOO SPEEDY
FOR NAPAMAX
Downed the Maxim
Filly in Fast Time.
RAINIER STRUCK HIS CLASS
IN THE LAST EVENT BERNAR
DILLO SHONE BEILLIANTLY.
lam|e Q Outsprinted by Midlight.
Elizabeth It Left the Maiden
Ciass — Four First Choices
in Front.
With the exception of Briar Sweet, It
is quite evident after yesterday's per
formance that La Goleta, the Santa
Anita stable's flyer, holds all of the other
three-year-old fillies in California safe.
She met Napamax in the fourth race on
the card at Oakland, over a mile, and
never very hard pressed, won as she
pleased in 1:40 flat. The winner opened
in the betting at 4 to 5, and was played
down to 1 to 2. Napamax, as usual, ran
gamely, but was simply carried off her
feet by the superior piece of racing fur
niture. Cromwell was the only other
starter.
The card looked a hard one to guess,
still it proved the means of attracting a
large and persevering crowd. Some very
warm tips were passed around, but the
majority of them were tried out and
found wanting. The favorites passed a
pleasurable afternoon, attaching them
selves to four of the purses offered.
In the opening four and a half furlong
scramble for maiden two-year-olds Engea
demonstrated beyond doubt that she is
not a stayer. Starting a 6 to 5 favorite,
she led to the stretch and then closed up
like a jackknife. It was then smooth
sailing for Charley Gray on Elizabeth R,
■which won romping from Limatus.
Twelve evenly classed selling platers
lined up in the sprint over the Futurity
course that followed, and spicy prices
were obtainable against any of them.
Through a most persuasive piece of saddle
work. Cash Sloan, on Cardwell, a 6 to 1
shot, landed his mount winner a neck in
front of Jack o' Lantern, the favorite.
Brown Prince, a despised outsider, took
the show.
The mile selling event was nothing more
than a warming-up gal!op for the two
year-old Rainier. The ring laid 6 to 5
about him. and McCarthy made a run
away race of it. Guilder, with Spencer up,
secured the place from Prince Blazes in
a hard drive.
The Kettleman Brothers won their first
race of the meeting with Midlight. The
filly was a pronounced favorite for the
six-furlong spin, fifth on the card, and
after lying In third position to the stretch
drew away, winning easily from Mamie G.
Little Johnny Relff got up with Libertine
in time to get the show from the 100 to 1
shot, Ricardo.
In the final milo and a sixteenth run,
Bernardlllo, starting a mild favorite,
looked all the way like ready money, and
called to a drive the last few yards led
Gotobed out a head in 1:47&. "W'hitcomb
was third.
Track Notes.
John O'Neil, the partner of Frank Eck
ert in the bookmaking business, arrived
from the East Monday night and was
about the ring yesterday.
Tiring of the game here, "Virginia"
Carroll, the layer of odds, left for New
Orleans last evening.
"Kentucky" John Givens Is meeting
with considerable success with his public
training stable. The winners, Polka, Jer
ilderio and Cardwell, were sent out from
his barn.
Spencer rode two winners yesterday and
was second once. The tall boy has quite
a following.
To-Day's Entries. . , ■ ; ;
The entries for to-day's running events are
ac follows:
First Race— Five furlong*; selling; two-year.
olds.
239 Correct 103! 254 Petal 103
296 Tiburon " 106 ...Diara 118
284 Nora Ives 109 296 OJal 109
296 Clarando 103 1 282 Bonibel .........103
Second Race— Seven furlongs; selling; all
ages.
"315 Ulm 981 507 Dunpraise . 98
803 Pat Murphy 1121 ... El Venad0......122
296 Oral bee 1051 285 Spry Lark 112
> Third Race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds. :.-.'-•„ >.j: ■". _ .
301 Hemera .........106 1 (284) Jerry Hunt...... 106
312 Faversham .....106 302 Crossmollna > ..103
306 Anchored , 106 179 Magdalenas ....106
(!02)Rlo Chlco 106;
Fourth — One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing: four-year-olds a,nd upward.
(!00)Veloc 101 245 Una Colorado... 101
297 McFarlane 101 (294) Yankee Doodle. lo4
311 Our Climate 104 170 Little Cripple... 96
310 Roslnante 104
Fifth Race— Six -furlongs; ■ three-year-olds;
selling. ;.--.:;-
257 Stan Powers 1091 SOS Torlblo 1 102
306 Imperious 109! 306 Bonnie lone 109
211 Clprlano .:. 112 312 Chihuahua 109
290 Mocorlto .102 (30S)Novla ...........109
• Sixth Race—^One mile: three-year-olds and up
ward: selling. . .
303 Flandes 1081 2*6 Losette ........'. 87
303 Alicia 101 ! 300 New M00n....... 98
311 Myth 1041 259 Dolore 99
318 Gotobed ........ 96 318 Lady Hurst 101
311 Highland Ball.. 89!
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Clarando. Nora Ives, Bonibel.
Second Race — El Venado, Ulm. Dunpralae,
Third Race— Magdalenas, Rio ' Chlco, An
chored.
Fourth Race— Rosinante, Yankee Doodle, Our
Climate.
Fifth Race— Chihuahua, Novla, Torlblo.
Sixth Gotobed, Myth, Dolore.
THOROUGHBREDS AT AUCTION.
Napa Stock Farm Yearlings Brought
Good Prices.
The big sale of yearlings from Napa
Stock Farm, the property of A. B. Spreck
els, attracted about all the horsemen in
town to Killip & Co.'s salesyard- last
night. They attended the sale prepared
to buy, and as one after another of the
strapping, fine looking youngsters were
led into the ring, the bidding became ofd
fashloned, sharp and spirited. The get of
Imp. Crighton, Imp. Idalium, Imp. The
Judge, Eolo, Lew Weir, General Miles
and Puryear D were represented.
Considering the local depression in the
thoroughbred market, good prices were
obtained, the entire consignment of year
lings, twenty-six in all. bringing $5270, an
average of $202 per head.
The price obtained and purchasers were
as follows:
Abbleolo. b. f. by Eolo-Abble F, $53, Mis.
Nettie Harrison; Ahwahnee, eh f. by Ida-
Ilum-Nenie Bell, $100. Al Smith; Amoretta,
br. f. by General Miles-Amaryllis, $60 A
Morlne: Balaruc, blk. c. by l>w Weir-Imp.
Yaranabee, *15ii, G. Hughe*; Bamboulla, b. c
by Purveyor D-Lista Hock, $422, H. T. Oscnard;
Caneolo. eh. c. by Eolo-lmp. Candid, $300
Galen Brown; Champion Hose. br. f. by Ida
lium-Annle Race. $125. R. D. Ledgett; Otulus,
br. c. by imp. Crlghton-Lady Cleveland, $175,
G. Hughes; Devereux, l>. c. by Puryear D-
Griselda, $190. S. Merrl wether: Florestlne eh
f. by Eolo-Florence B. $110. J. Murphy
Follgrno, b. f. by Idallum-Folly, $300, Al
Smith; Frldallum, br. c by Idalium-Frisa
$130, W. E. North; Idalette, eh. f. by Idallum-
Patrlcla, $375, J. O'Nell; Imperie, b. f by
Idaltum-Dolly McCone, $250, r. p. Ledfretf
Kickumbob, br. c. by Idalium-Maria F. $320'
J. O'Neil; Lewzara, b. f. by Lew Welr-lmp
Zara, $175, J. Coffey; Mllltouche. eh. c. by
General Miles-Nltouche, $350, G. Bertolacd;
Moana. blk. f. by Idalium-Ohartreuse $2.t0 b'
Schrelber; Nemesis, b. f. by The Judge-Border
lassie. $175, G. Huphes: Orpheus, eh c by
The JudKe-Oedrßia, $110, J. J. Coulter: Pldalla"
blk. f. by Idallum-Plquante, $2'>o, J Murphy-
Purmayah, b. f. by Puryear D-Meta 11. $50, G.
Hugheß; Pythla, b. f. by Lew Weir- Victory
$200. H. T. Oxnard; Umaolo, b. f by Eolo-
I'matllla. $160. G. Ashe; Zanonl. b. t by Lew
Weir-Cattle Kate. $425, J. ONeil; Zlska eh
t. by The Judge-BellKiiard, $100, J. O'Nell.
A LITTLE STATEMENT
OF THEIR OWN
SCHOOL DIBECTOES PROMPTLY
HURL THE LIE.
With Figures From the Books They
Will Put the Grand Jury Re
port to the Blush.
School Directors Waller and Gallagher
arc not satisfied with the report of
School Department discrepancies and
shortages furnished the Grand Jury by
Chairman Irving. Neither for that mat
ter is purchasing agent Bantel, nor his
assistant. Secretary Welch, and in three
days by the watch a true statement, duly
certified and attested, will issue from
somewhere in the inner workings of the
department. This by the word of Waller.
And the new statement is already cal
culated by its proposed promulgators to
put to the blush the awful array of fig
ures that Irving and Kllpatrick have tak
en from such untrustworthy sources as
the books of Auditor Broderick and the
Treasurer. The figures of the department
reports will come right off the depart
ment books and will be the only Simon
pure thing yet unloaded on the public
since the School Board kettle has been
a-bubbling. This, also, by the word of
Waller.
Almost every one of the Directors took
occasion yesterday to deny the figures
published from the report submitted to
the Grand Jury. That there is a deficit
of $271,000 to bequeath to the incoming
board is declared a malicious lie. But
the board, individually, are equally unan
imous that no dne of them Is familiar
with the department books or knows
within a wide approximation how the fig
ures will stack up. But everything before
the Grand Jury is a lie on general princi
ples, and it is the object of the threat
ened forthcoming "official statement" to
net the He right and retire Juryman Irv
ing to embarrassed obscurity, which is
also vouched for by Waller.
LIEUT. NOLAN'S FUNERAL.
He Will Be Buried at 2 O'clock This
Afternoon at the Presidio.
The funeral of the late First Lieutenant
James E. Nolan, Fourth Cavalry, who
died at the Presidio on Monday afternoon,
will take place this afternoon at 2 o'clock,
and the remains of the officer will be laid
to rest 'n the National Cemetery at the
Presidio. The deceased soldier will be
accorded all the military honors of the
post. The troops of his own regiment,
the Utah Cavalry, three companies of the
Eighth California Regiment and a bat
tery and a half of the Third Artillery,
with the band of the Fourth Cavalry,
will participate in the ceremonies. AH
the troops will be dismounted, and
the horse of the lamented officer will
follow the caisson bearing the coffin. The
escort will be commanded by First Lieu
tenant O'Shea, and Father Prenato, the
Catholic chaplain, will conduct the serv
ices. Many beautiful floral tributes have
been sent by the friends of Lieutenant
Nolan in token of their sorrow.
The pallbearers will be: First Lieu
tenants J. A. Lockwood, J. M. Neall and
Floyd W. Harris, Fourth Cavalry; First
Lieutenants D. J. Rumbough and W. S.
McNalr, Third Artillery; and Lieutenant
Charles G. Lyman, U. S. A., retired.
Meade Post Officers.
At a meeting of Meade Post No. 48, O.
A. R., last night, the following officers
were elected: Commander, 8. W. Knowles;
senior vice commander, W. S. Small;
Junior vice commander, 8. W. Wood;
quartermaster, 8. 11. Hunt; surgeon,
Joseph Washington; officer of the day, W.
More; officer of the guard, W. H. Coles;
chaplain, James Mlnnigan; delegates— W.
H. Coles, 8. H. Hunt.
Royal Arcanum Officers.
At a meeting of Golden West Council
No. 1716, Royal Arcanum, held in Balboa
Hall, Native Sons' building, Monday even-
Ing, the following officers were elected to
serve through the year 1899: Regent, H.
D. Nutt; vice-regent. W. M. Young; ora
tor, F. B. Gibson; secretary, A. G. Hub
gen; collector, Thomas Banks; treasurer,
C. E. Stokes; chaplain, S. A. Kirkpatrlck;
fuide. T. G. Hodgkins; warden. John
acks; sentry, W. E. Cole, and trustees,
Messrs. Grundel, Baptista and McDonald.
Anakegis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. •
BALDWIN RUINS
YIELD ANOTHER
VICTIM'S BODY
Remains of Judge J. J.
Carter Recovered.
IDENTIFIED BY THE HEAD
WRAPPED IN A WET SHEET HE
MET HIS DOOM.
Progress of the Work of Removing
the Debris — Accident to
One of the La
borers.
The body of "Judge" Jofin J. Carter, the
raring official who lost his life In the
Baldwin Hotel fire, was recovered from
the ruins at about 10 o'clock yesterday
morning by workmen engaged In clearing
away the debris. The body was found
near the room occupied by the deceased
on the fifth floor, in the Ellis and Powell
street corner of the building, and next to
the room occupied by Jonathan L. White,
who was killed by falling to the sidewalk
on the same occasion.
The trunk was - charred mass, the legs
having been burned off. The face had
be«n destroyed by the flames, and tne
only way by which he was identified was
by the shape of his head and by the fill
ing of his teeth. The body was taken to
an undertaker's, and will be shipped to
Nashville, Term. the old home of the de
ceased. The body was viewed by a Cor
oner's Jury, and the inquest will be held
at the same time as that of the other
victims of the fire.
The dead man was 48 years old, and was
born in Nashville. He had been a famil
iar figure on the race tracks all through
the United States, formerly as an owner
and racer of horses, and more recently
as a judge at racing contests. On the
night of the fire he retired at about 12
o'clock to his room, and was aroused by
his roommate, George Carroll, also a
sporting man. Carter wrapped a wet
sheet around himself and left the room,
but Carroll lost sight of him in the dense
smoke.
The finest emeralds known are said to
be those belonging to the Spanish crown.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ JL
Here's a library chair that
for genuine ease and restful-
ness can hardly be bettered
The seat is bent to fit the
curves of the body — comfort.
Back and arms, ditto.
We have it with rockers
and without, and in several
shades of oak, also mahogany.
The price is more than
reasonable— it's little.
For Christmas. ;'. ■
Not so much comfort here
—unless there's comfort in
oddicy and exclusive style. v^
An old Dutch chair.
Dark old oak and on the
back is a painting character-
istic of its era. .
More Christmas.
A splendid line of gift fur-
niture this year. Won't you
see it? '
Welcome.
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE CO.) Carpet.
117 123 Geary St. Matting.
MPRUITA Ktttom vitality
nicrt VMM lost VIGOR, v
jf£sEjt> "■ AND MANHOOD
Sgarlwj Cures Icnpotencv Nijht Emissions and watting
H} fi disease*, all effect* of self abuse, or excess ana
L WK^^^^JJ mdiscretion. "a A ocrre^ooic and blood-builder. '
, \i *JBf Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and t>
m-K>ZZf stores the (ire of youth. By mail 500 per
PA^K box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Hj^>^^tuarantec to cure or refund the money.
■mlta m<4ic«i Co., CHnton « 3*ciwoa «$., CWcaao.
WALL£R BROS., S3 Grant av«.,San Franc.ico.
AUCTION SALES,
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), AT 11 A. ■ M.. '
■'■:. 1616 STEINER \ ST., COR. '. POST. V< ;
FRANK ,W.PVTTKRFIEI/D, 60 Market e%.
: ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. r •
______ _
gaBBBBBBBBBaaBBnaaeaBBBBB
™&> ** Take the middle one, Dick. He's smoking Seal of North Carolina, I
jjfgj and we want all he's got of iL" !
I The quality of I
Seal of North Carolina |
gg has been held up to the highest g
B standard ever known in smoking j
p| tobacco. The name — wherever j
H you hear it — carries with it the !
M guarantee of a "good smoke/ |
H The Original Plug Cut— |
P I Always the same— |
™ Mild and Cool. |
EAILROAD TBAVEL.
■OVTIIKU.N l^fll'lC COM PA ST.
\' (PiCiriO nynTISM. t V VV;|;
Trnlui Km «> iimil ni'<> <!ni< to nrrlve at
WAX FftAN«'lM4'».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkatx — Feom Not. 29, 1898. — abrivi
•0:OOa Nlies, San Jose and Way Stations. . . •8:45*
7 :OOa Benlcla, .Sulguu and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7tOOA MarysrlUe. OroTllleaud Redding ria
Woodland S:lsp
7:00 a Rlmira, Vacarllle and Rutrsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Vallejo. Napa,
Cali«t«ca and Santa Rosa 6:1.1 1> i
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpreaa, Ogdmi and Kast.. Bi4sp !
»:»«A .Sail .lose, Ntncktoii, Valley Spring,.
lone, Sacramento, Marysrille, .
Chioo. Tehama and Ue.l H1u1T.... : 4:1 i
S::io.\ Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4:l«p
•»:UOa Milton # 7jlsp
U:«ioa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton. *
Merced »nd Fresno .............. 13i13p
•i»Oa Fresno, Itakerslleld. BanU lUrliarm, ~ ' ■
Los Angeles, Darning, El Paso, ■ V
New Orlaans and East. .'... «j4sr
" Fresno, llendoti, Tracy and Mar* . '
tlnez.... ......'....;.......... 8:45p
IO:O«a ValU-Jo. Martlnex and Way Buttons 7i43p
•l:O«p Sacramento lUT«rStenni«n. ...:.:.. "BiOOp
l*:O«MNaes, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota, • -^ v
Han ford, VisalU, Exeter and Ftr-
terviUe....; 4:l»p I
I:OOr Mies. San Jose and Way Stations ... 1 1 :43a i
San Jose, Niurs ami Way Stations... J»:ls.\
Lirtrmore, Han Jose, Miles and Way
Stations.. .......: :I: I 15a
4:« Op Martinez. Han lUiiion, Vallejo -
Nap*, »'«!!»riiKa, 101 Verauo aud
Kaiita l.'osa i.. »il»a
4iv»p Benioia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Tjtndiiis. MaryßTllle, Oiu-
Title and .Sacramento..... ;.. 10:43*
4«:ii»p Nllaa, San Jose and Stockton 7>l3p
0:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
' -Mojave, Santa liarbara aud l.os -
AiiK«l«a '....;....... Bi43a
siO«p Santa K« ltoute, Atlantic press • ' J
f ■■• Mm lave .ml J'nst...... 6:45p I
5: OOP Martinez. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15P j
\SiOOp "i L . uC . », CtllUloa." El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago aud East gO:<3p
«:o©r lOiii'oiichii Mall. (> <lri. and ICast.... 0:45 a
«O jOOp Haywards, Nilf s and San J05e. ..... 7:43 a
•«:«»(• Vallejo 12:15p
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- ,
tions :»:40p
SiOOp Oregon ICx|.rrH»,Haeraiiienti). Marys-
»llie, KtnlilliiK. I'liitliui.l, I'uget
Mihiiml ami ICast .................. Bsloa
«l«:0-1p "Sanaet limitrd." Fresno. l.os
Angeles, Xl Paso, New . Orleans
tnd East it. bli4sp
SAN LKA.MiItO AMI IIvVWAUI»S LOCAL.
(Koot of Market Street.)
SlelrOKC, Nrmiiinrt I'urk, (
8:00 a • l-'Hcliburir, KloiburHt, «:«»A
<U:OOa San l.ranilro. South Nan <*9:4.1/
Itt.OWA 1..an.!i0. K«tu<lillo, 10:43 a
<I1:OOa lH>rcmo, Cherrr j ««^»»
<l:«Op .^.i ■. ' 1 1:45 p
«:««p HsTwardii «3i45p
Trillin ' 1I«J W» rllW. . ,«_•»„
" OOI> i Runs through to Niles. 7«43p
J t From Nile*. \ , ;
COAST l»l VISION (Niirron <iauge).
-. ■ <Foot of Market Street,
SilSa Newark, Sen Jose.Kel ton,
v Boulder Crrek, Santa Cruz and Way .
.■"<-. Stations ' 8:S0p
•*: 13* Newark, OecterTille. San Jose, New
Almaden, Kelton, Bouldor Creek, .
■ Santa : Cruz and Principal Way
Htati0tig........... MO:."»Oa
4il3p Newark, Han Jose and Los Gatoa... U:2«a
t11(43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and'
Way BUtioin ............... t~:Mp
CREEK ROUTE TERRY.
tnu SiX mSOISCO— Fwt »'. llarket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0Ua.M. tl:flfl *2:00 13:00 i
-; ♦4:00 .v t8:00 ;;_r6:oop.M.:;_;; ;_r6:00p.M.:;_; ;.-., ._. .. ..
frim OilUßD— root «rBr»»dwiT — -«:00 8.-00 ■ 10:00
tl2:00 *l:00. t»:00 *3:00 ' t4:00 .»8;00r.M.
V~~ COAST 111 VISION (KroadUange).
(Third and Townsend Sfa.)
7:0Oa San .lone nml Way MUtloiia (New -
Aluiadeu Wednesdays only) l>3Op
. •■•Oa Han .loas, 'lies t'inua, Smita Cruz, L
Paciuc Grove. I'aso Kobles.' Kan
l.uls Olilspn, Uuadalupo, .Surf and '
Principal Way Stnti.ms .......... 1:10,
I«:4Oa Sail Jose and Way 5Ut10iu... ...... "»:OOa
II:8»a San Jose ami Way Stations....... Si23a
■ai4sr San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Sun .l.me,
Uilroy, Holiister, Banta Cruz, I
Salinas, Monterey aud I'acille '■
; Gr0rti. ..;....;.....,...:. - ...... •I«:S<Ia
■XtXApßau.loseaud Way Stations ......... •<»:«<>«
*4>l3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43. i
. *3sOOr Bau Jose and Principal Way Btatlous <O:H3a
5:31»p San Jose and Principal Way Stations • .1:30 r
•i:»«p San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7:3«r
<11:43r San Joe«»n.l Way Stations ....... 7:301
- A for Morning. J* for Afternoon.
! •Sundays exceft ml. :■ { Bunaays only <■- 1 Satnnlayii only
•^Mondays and Thursdays. •'. a ' nmdsys and Saturdays
|3aturd^# and Wi-duesday*. »liiur»dajrg and Sundays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
■ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follows^
South-bound. ' ; '■■; .*:■"*. ; North-bound.
Fassen-I Mixed; V Mixed. Passen-
; per. j Sunday '- Sunday ger.
Daily. Exe'ptd Stations. v Exc'ptd Daily.
! 8:20 am 10:30 am ,' Stockton : 3:45pm s:sopm
. 10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
| 11:40 am s:Sopm  Fresno B:3o am 2:32 pm
12:3Spm 7:45 : Hanford - 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:20 12:30 am Bakersfleld :, 2:3oam 11:25 am '-
12:58pm B:Sopm| Vlsalia 8:40 im; I:lspm
■ Stopping at intermediate points as required. ':
V Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation I and | Improvement Com- .
pany, leaving; San ' Francisco ! and Stockton at
6p. m. dally, excepting Sunday. v • • •
For -.stage connections see official time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street.' San : Francisco. : ... :■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
V, ■■- ■- - " . (Via Sausallto Ferry.) ■:%■ , -s, ■*.-."'.•■
- Leav* .' San - Francisco, commencing Sunday
Sept. 11. 1898: y- ' ; • r 7*7 *
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
Sundays— 10:00, > 11:80 a. m.. 1:16 p. m. . '
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. ; a
i THOS. v COOK • A >.; SON. i Agent*, en j Market
street. San Francisco.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAKU
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:»,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:»t
and _11:3Q p. m. •
i SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:3%
j 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:*,
\ 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
\ 1:56 and 6:15 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4«.
6:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above. .
. Leave T~ ~ Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October It, ■ ,
Week Sun- — , 1898. Sun- I Week :
Days. days. Destination. da.,*. | Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam Fetaluma, 6:10 pin 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
.' Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor. ;■ 10:25 am
Eealdsburc* . ,
Lytton, - . .
■ :■• ■'■>■ Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:85 pm C :33 pm
Hopiand and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUl*. 7:15 pm -.:>..■'
♦ 1:10 ■ ■ ■; 6:22 pm
' 7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma - 10:40 am »:40ara
.. -...; - . --.. •- and - ■-. ■ - -  -
6:lo pm 6:oopm Olen Ellen. 6:lo pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am S«bastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm[ 6:22pm
""Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs ■ Springs; *at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopiand for Duncan Springs. .
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
: Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
] Springs. ' Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
- John Day's, ■ Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr*s
i Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willittfl. Laytonville, Cum-
\ mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bldf.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ' ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY,
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A.M. th«
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAM CISCO : TICKET OFFICE — -521 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN ISSI.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioa— 23l J Street.
San Joss OSot— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
■ Via. Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO .TO MILL VAX.LET .
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK - DAYS— I:2O, •8:30, 11:00 a. m.; »I:*6.
3:46, 6:15. *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■
■ SUNDAYS— »B:OO, '10:00, - *U:3O a. m.; 1:0.
1:00. •4:30.6:15 p. m.
• Trains marked * run to San Quentin. -
FROM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6 :35, 7:45. "9.30 a. m.;'
•12:20. 2:20. »3: 45/ 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.i'«|jf*e«ss«£*a«^i^E»
! SUNDAYS— 6:20, '8:00. »10:00. «U:5» a. m.: '
•1:16. 1:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
!-"- Trains marked * start from San Quentin. *
9 FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6:45. , 7:55. »:40 a. m.:
! ' 12:36. 8:45 3:50, 6:20 p. m. . -■■
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
• and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. • ' " •
SUNDAY 3-8:00. 10:06 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:l*.
1:00. 6:20 p. m. "
: •  THROUGH TRAINS. '
1:20 a. m. week days^-Cazadero and way sta'na.
: 1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -.■:■ -,;■■-■: : ■ . ■■• -- .._C
j 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta"i.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAKSY ST. Established
In 1834 (or the treatment of Prlratv E
Dlseuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or '
disease weorinr on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcuresnrhen •'
others fall. r. Try him. Charges low
Cnrtiauarßntrrd. Call or writs.
i ■ Pr. 4 . *■• **l BBQ.V, Box J»37, Sao FraacUc^
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HARVEY TELLS
OF BRANDES'
BRUTALITY
Startling Testimony
Is Adduced.
STORY OF MIDNIGHT CRUELTY
LILLIAN DRAGGED FJvOM HEB
BED AND BEATEN.
Mrs. Brandes Appears in Court to
Have Her Preliminary Exam
ination Continued for
One Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 6.
William A. Brandes. charged with beat
ing his daughter to death, marched for
ward a big pace toward the hangman's
tree to-day when his alleged fiendish bru
tality was portrayed by the startling tes
timony given by Witness J. S. Harvey,
who was called for the first time during
the preliminary hearing and who showed
considerable reluctance in answering.
Mr. ;»ml Mrs. Brandes had told Harvey
that Lillian, the murdered girl, was incor
rigibk', and witness had suggested that
If she were brought to account she might
ward become a good girl. Witness
then went on to give facts concerning
i iasion on which he knew the girl
had been ""brought to account." That oc
. said the witness, was just prior to
November 13.
"It happened about 1 or 2 o'clock in the
morning, said he, "when Brandes had
ju.-t returned from his watch. I was
awakened by the noise in the- room above
my apartment at Brandes' home, where
1 roomed. It sounded as though a child
waa being struck with a strap, and she
I out for mercy. I also heard Brandes
talking loud and profanely."
Thus the murdered girl had been treated
after being dragged from her bed, be
cause the father had accused her of not
only stealing a dollar, which she tried to
borrow from a baker to return, but also
$15 put away for the rent and a bottle of
Btrychnlne.
Witness Harvey had last seen Lillian
Brandes at dinner on Friday, the even
ing before she breathed her last.
•'She did not eat with the rest of us,
■!." continued the witness, "for, ac
cording to Mr. Brandes, she wasn't fit be
cause of the alleged theft. Her meal,
therefore, was served in the kitchen. That
day she had hunted in the back yard for
the articles she had lest.
"When Brandes knocked on my door on
Saturday morning he was excited and
said, 'Fur God's sake. Harvey, get up; the
girl has taken poison.' He was dressed
even to his tie. but was without a coat.
He went for a doctor, but I did not hear
him leave the yard with the horse.
"When Brandes again came into my
room, after Dr. Whitworth's arrival, he
paid that Lillian had taken poison— had
'strung herseif up.' and that the girl 'had
new spoiled her i.'hristmas.' because she
had 'stolen the money and poison.' "
In testifying as to the beating, witness
said that he heard at least a dozen blows
with an interval between each blow and
during these Brandes was very profane.
When asked as to whether Brandes was
usually ,<;ood and kind to his family, wit
ness said: "Brandes occasionally did his
family a good turn."
During this morning Mrs. M, Godfrey
was cross-examined by Attorney F. w.
Sawyer, but the latter was unable to
make this witness contradict one iota of
her testimony regarding the facts of
Lillian's terrible beating the night she
(Mrs. Godfrey) was in the parlor with
Mrs. Brandes.
The hearing will be resumed to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock* and at its conclu
sion the preliminary examination of Mrs.
Ella Brandes will take place. The prose
cution has a separate case against her,
though many of the witnesses will be the
same. Mrs. Brandes was brought into
Justice Cliffs court this morning to have
her case continued until next Tuesday
morning.
OAKLAND'S POLICEMEN
ARE SEASONED VETERANS
CHIEF FLETCHER COMPILES HIS
ANNUAL REPORT.
The Two Youngest Officers Are Aged
Twenty-Eight Years Each — Some
Who Are Entitled to
Retirement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 6.
Age is at present the prevailing char
acteristic of the Oakland Police Depart
ment, according to the report just pre
pared by Chief Fletcher. Of the sixty
members of the department several are
over 55 years old. One has reached 72 and
another confesses to 62, though it is be
lieved he has somewhere forgotten a few
years.
Twenty-one Oakland "finest" are native
sons; five are from Maine; nine from Ire
land; two from Germany; one from Aus
tria, and one from Africa. But the lat
ter, Officer Wood, is not a colored man.
There are some officers who, under the
law, are subject for retirement, having
passed their sixtieth year. Detective
Shoitey has just passed the limit, and has
been in the employ of the city but a few
months short of the exact half of his life.
Should Shorey retire now he would receive
a pension of $62 50 a month.
Officer Phillips is also 60 years old and
has been on the force twenty years. Offi
cer Greenwald is 62, but he has only been
in the department seventeen years and
is not therefore eligible for a pension.
Chief Fletcher is 62 years old and is
still strong and sturdy. He does not come
under the same rules as a member of the
Police Department in the matter of re
tiring, although he would now receive a
pension of $87 50 should he close his active
career.
The two youngest officers on the force
are Sherry and Pardee, who are but 28
years old and comparatively new men.
This morning the Chief applied to the
Police Commissioners to have the police
clerk appointed a regular officer. Chief
Fletcher said that every Chief's clerk In
the country has the authority of a regu
lar man and as the change means no in
crease of pay it will probably be made
especially as Chief Fletcher informed the
board that he can use a clerk with a star
in many more ways than sitting at a
desk.
Matrimonial Bonds Dissolved.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— Superior Judge Og
den to-day granted Lillie C. Bramhall a
divorce from Walter M. Bramhall on the
ground of habitual intemperance; also a
divorce to Josie M. Sears from Antone
J. Sears on the ground of willful neglect
In the latter case custody of three minor
children was awarded to plaintiff who
was allowed $25 for attorney fets and $20
monthly alimony.
Gertrude E. Carmen was also granted
a <}ivorce to-day from Charles \V. Carmen
oni the ground of willful neglect. Judge
Hall allowed plaintiff to resume her
maiden name, Gertrude E. Payne, and
no alimony was awarded.
Boxing at the Reliance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— Wednesday evening
the Reliance Athletic Club has a fine pro
gramme for its boxing night. There will
be two tryouls and two eight-round con
tests for decisions. The main events will
be as follows: Jack McMahon, the clever
lightweight, will meet Jimmy Higgins,
Alex Greggians' crack pupil, at 128 pounds,
and Emil Dahl, who defeated George
Gates at the last night given by the club,
will meet Frank Schuler of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club. Great interest is be
ing taken in these goes and they should
be the fastest seeu in Oakland to data.
NO CENSURE
FOR ATTENDING
A CONVENTION
Principal Fisher Is
Exonerated.
WORKED FOR DR. PARDEE
DIRECTOR CLEMENT IS NOT SAT
ISFIED.
Says He Took the Course Because an
Important Principle Is In
vclved — A Question of
Politics.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 6.
It is not opposed to public policy for
: principals of public schools to leave their
duties for a day or two and attend polit- j
leal conventions. After a long period dur-
I ing which this matter has been under j
consideration by the School Board the
Directors have decided by a big majority i
. that principals who have thus acted will
] not be censured.
The Board of Education is composed al
; most entirely of Republicans. There is
i at least one Democrat on the board, and ,
: when Principal P. M. Fisher of the Cen- |
! tral School went to Sacramento to shout ;
for Dr. Pardee the Democratic minority |
; was sorely displeased. Possibly if Prin
cipal Fisher had howled with greater suc
cesa and Dr. Pardee had been nominated
: and had now been Governor-elect of Cali
; fornia Director ClemeiM would not have
Introduced his resolution.
Director Clement has steadily pressed
: the matter since introducing his resolu
tion some months ago, and finally the
board has disposed of the incident. Prin
cipal Fisher and Principal McKissick of '■
: the Night School were both included in \
' the resolution recommending censure, but
neither will be disciplined. The eommit
i tee which was appointed to investigate
I the matter presented its report, which
| was very brief, last night, and merely i
I recommended that after thorough invest!- ■
>. gation it did not consider that the gentle
men in dispute had been forsaking their
1 schools or doing politics nor has the habit
j become so prevalent or the privilege so
• much abused that censure is necessary.
Directors Clement and Todd took a dif
ferent view of the matter and before the
! incident closed Director Clement got in
his final rap as follows: "I am very sorry
. that anything should be brought up in this
matter that savors of political bias. I
i took this matter up not because the gen
tlemen in question were Republicans or [
Democrats, but because I considered
tht>re was a principle involved which was
being violated. If Mr. Fisher be a prin
cipal of the School Department he .
has no right to wind up his school and go
away to a political convention, leaving it
to look out for itself. I believe this mat-
I ter should be investigated and I regret i
to hear a report at this time accepted by
the board."
The incident has been generally regard- i
ed as being dependent upon whose ox is •
gored.
Late Dr. Slater's Widow Wins.
i ALAMEDA, Dec. 6.— The board of arbi- i
tration of the A. O. U. W. has settled in
favor of the widow the dispute over the '
life certificate of the late Dr. Thomas
Slater. The widow assigned a portion of
the death claim to Philip Seiben. finan- :
cier of Alameda Lodge No. 5, of which -
Slater was a member. When the drafts
arrived the widow refused to recogniz • the
assignment to Seiben. Seiben thereupon
charged that Slater was in arrears in his
dues to the lodge at the time of his death
and that he (Seiben) had concealed the
fact from the Grand Lodge out of sympa
thy for his widow. The board of arbitra
tion gave the widow the full amount of
her husband's insurance and ignored Sei- I
ben's claim.
POTTERY MOLDED
BY WOMAN'S HAND
Unusually Fine Display of Decorative
China Painting at the California
Ceramic Art Club Exhibition.
THE ladles of the California Ceramic Art Club have exceeded their for
mer efforts in the magnificent display of decorative China painting
at their art show at the Palace Hotel. For eight consecutive
years the ladies have held an annual exhibition, and the standard they
have established was so high that even their most sanguine admirers had
been led to expect that the pinnacle of the club excellence had been reached.
The exhibition this year is conclusive proof that there is no limit to the
members' talent or artistic ability.
The Maple Hall with its beautifully arranged tables, on which are
spread the choicest specimens of the members' art, was crowded all day
yesterday. All came to learn and admire and many remained to purchase
the dainty bits that are for sale.
A new feature of this year's exhibit and one that promises to open up
magnificent possibilities for the club, is the exhibit of pottery made by
Mrs. William Irelan. The specimens of this master work are all made
from California clay and their success probably means a new California in
dustry. The vases are unique and artistic in shape and bear the impress
of the most exquisite art work. There are carved vases, hammered
vases and others with most delicate etching, all representing the artistic
spirit and original executive ability of the fair potter.
All the members of the society have exhibited their choicest work and
at every table can be found many specimens worthy of study and atten
tion. At Mrs. Church's table there are two heads that show the marked
talent of the artist. The head of Miss Church, done in Medieval style in
beautifully toned soft coloring, attracted much favorable attention. A
choir of monks in monochrome and some exquisite tankards and "stems"
are prominent in the collection.
Mrs. Theo. Gray has but few pieces on exhibition this year, but
her "Aurora" makes up by its excellence for the numerical poverty of
the exhibit.
At Mrs. Easton's table there are some exquisite plates done In Haw
thorne and pink borders that are extremely dainty and delicate. Miss Bell
shows among other things a vase with pink luster that is pronounced per
fect by art connoisseurs. At Miss Marie Thompson's table there is some
very beautiful miniature work, and a Rembrandt head In monochrome
is classed as one of the finest bits in the exhibition. Miss Helen Phillips'
"Mending the Old Flag" is the most ambitious effort of the exhibition.
The figure of the old man is perfect and the coloring effects soft and
most admirable.
Miss O'Malley shows some effective flower pieces and a very attractive
heliotrope tea set. Miss Madeline Cashman's exhibit contains some un
usually fine miniature work. Miss Nettie W. King also shows some very
beautiful miniatures. Among the many things to be admired at Miss
Evelyn M. Porter's table is a vase done in monochrome. Miss Porter has
chosen "Echo" for her subject. Her coloring— blood red— is beautifully
soft. A huge pitcher, all covered with rich roses, is also a much admired
piece of the lady's handiwork.
Mrs. Paul E. Scott shows some very pretty jugs in monochrome with
monk subjects, and also a very handsome crimson thistle chocolate set
and some very effective heliotrope plates with green borders.. An odd
shaped liquor jug in violet-iron and a most exquisite glaze and an at
tractive monochrome disc in green are among the many beautiful speci
mens Miss McNamara has to show. Mrs. Thomas Taylor has some tank
ards with Indian subjects in which the glaze is perfect and the coloring
beautiful. Miss Roberts shows an exquisite chocolate set, and a game set,
all of which are remarkable for the perfect blending of the colors.
Mrs. E. J. Root has on exhibition some "darky" studies that are very
popular and Miss Taylor displays some remarkably good flowers. Her
tankard and stein with mermaid and wave treatment is remarkably ef
fective.
Some very choice violet pieces are shown by Mrs. J. H. Crossett.
Mrs. M. E. Perley has one of the most extensive and artistic tables of the
whole exhibit. Mrs. Perley is famous for her raised paste work and fig
ures and she exhibits a lamp that shows her work at its best. Mrs. S. V.
Culp's exhibit contains many fruit and flower specimens, notable for their
perfect coloring. Mrs. T. J. Le Tourneaux has some very effective plates
on exhibition fn raised gold scroll work and violets.
The exhibition will continue throughout to-day.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1893.
KINARD NOW
WANTS JUSTICE
CLIFT OUSTED
Brings Charges of
Misconduct.
SAYS CLIFT WITHHELD FEES
CITATION ISSUED ORDERING DE
FENDANT TO APPEAR.
Sensations. 1 Suit Filed Against a Jus
tice Whose Term Expires
With the Close of th»
Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 6.
A sensational suit was filed in the Su
perior Court this afternoon, wherein C. E.
Kinard prays that Justice of the Peace
Fred C. Clift be deposed on account of
various acts of alleged misconduct in
office.
What adds interest to the suit is that
it comes almost on the eve of the expira
tion of Justice Cliffs term, for on Jan
uary 1 he will be succeeded by either Mor
timer Smith or John Stetson. Hence it
will be a legal race with Justice Cliffs
natural relinquishment of office or his
ousting as a goal. At any rate, Superior
Judge Ellsworth- late this afternoon issued
a citation ordering Justice Clift to appear j
before him on the morning of December
14 at 10 o'clock. In his complaint Kinard
makes a dozen or more charges. He al
leges that during April, 1594, the suit of
C. E. Kinard vs. F. S. Holt was tried be
fore defendant Clift, who has never ren
dered a decision in the case, though Kin
ard frequently requested him so to do,
and has at all times been ready to pay
the $3 costs. He charges also that the
case of John S. Matthews against E. M. I
Paterson, heard April 26, 1593, a decision
was rendered November 6 of that year i
but entered antedated September 6, 1893;
that in the case <>t" \V. and B. Pegmen
vs. H. Hamb, charged with cruelty to ani
mals, iritd May 2Z, IS9S, Clift charged as
fees $18 instead of $6.
On October 15, 1597, C. S. Martin was
fined $20 for contempt of court. The fine,
according to Kinard's complaint, was paid ;
to Justice Clift, and entry of the trans- j
action was not made until a year later.
Plaintiff next alleges that Clift made I
illegal charge for performing marriage j
<• i ■ monies, the law allowing but J2, :
whereas in the following instances de
fendant ehargfed $5: February, IS9S, John j
Bianchi and Julia Griffin; March 1, IX9B,
George Sanders and Mary Stoke.s; October ;
IS, IMtS. L. L. Gilstrop and Irene May: I
September 14, 1898, John W. Stokes and
T. J. Massip; June 8, 1898, M. W. Byrne i
and E. E. Kenlock.
In conclusion Kinard alleges that de- j
fendant withheld fines and forfeitures and '
failed to turn these over to the County j
Treasurer within the proper time.
Plaintiff asks for the removal of the. j
defendant as a Justice of the Peace and '
for Judgment in the sum of $500 and costs
of suit because he was injured as a tax
payer.
At the time of the death of the late Con
stable Koch, who was killed in the Mel
rose explosion, Kinard was also prosecut
ing a somewhat similar suit against that
official. ______
Boehmer's Place Burned.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— The buildings of I
Fritz Boehmer's wayside resort near his
Frederichsruhe, on the Redwood Canyon
road, about half a mile above Walter
Morosco's new mansion, were burned to
the ground last night. The flames con
sumed the saloon, the main two-story
building and several other small struc
tures. The amount of the loss has not
been estimated.
CLEARING AWAY
WRECK OF THE
POWDER MILL
Judson Company to
Rebuild.
MYSTERY OF THE EXPLOSION
SUPERINTENDENT C. D. KENNE
DY'S DEATH LAMENTED.
Tribute to the Noble Character of the
Man— The Inquest Will Be
Held at San
Pablo.
The gelatine plant of the Judson Powder
Works, which was completely destroyed
in the explosion that wiped out the lives
of Superintendent Charles D. Kennedy
and five Chinese laborers Monday after
noon, is to be rebuilt at once. A gang
of men was at work bright and early
yesterday morning clearing away the
debris of the wrecked building, prepara- j
tory to the erection of a new mixing I
house, and in the course of ten days or
two weeks the plant will be again in full
operation.
The fragments of flesh and shreds of
clothing, which furnished mute and [
meager evidence of the sacrifice of human !
life which the explosion entailed, and ]
which were gathered up after the dis- j
aster by Deputy Coroner Quellin of Ala- |
meda County, will be taken to San Pablo \
in Contra Costa County Thursday, where j
an inquest will be held by Coroner |
Curry at 1 o'clock p. m. The inquest
will be a mere formality, however, as far
as ascertaining the cause of the deplor
able tragedy is concerned, for the rea
son that, as in all explosions of this
character, the only persons who could ■
throw any possible light on the mysteryj
have passed beyond the jurisdiction of j
earthly authorities.
As an official of the Judson Powder
Works Bald yesterday, the cause of the
explosion will never be known. If it
could be, future disasters of the kind
might be guarded against, but as it is, j
explosions in powder mills will continue
to occur and human lives will continue ]
to be sacrificed. Those who engage in
the actual work of manufacturing ;
high explosives knowingly take their i
lives in their hands, and explosions are \
not of sufficient rarity in California to
cause a great amount of surprise after
the first shock of horror has passed. But I
seldom has a community experienced |
such a sensation of mingled awe ntv!
grief at the death of one of its membera
its was caused by the untimely UUuag </ii
uf Charles L>. Kennedy. There is mourn
ing in the Athenian Club in Oakland, of j
which ha was a memK-r and at which he ,
resided, and there is genuine sorrow
among scores of friends and acquaint- |
anoes Who knew and appreciated the
noble character of the man.
Michael A. Kennedy, a clerk in To
briner's drug store, at the corner of
Seventh and Market streets in Oakland, is
the only relative of the deceased on the j
L'oast. Charles Kennedy hail been brother
and lather to him and the blow is doubly
severe on the young man.
"1 have heard many explosions," said
Mr. Kennedy last evening, his eyes filling
with tears as he spoke, "and never paid
any particular attention to them, but
when 1 heard that noise yesterday after- j
noon I colapsed completely, for 1 knew j
instinctively that Charley was gone."
President Lukens of the Judson Com
pany sent a message East announcing Mr.
Kennedy's death immediately after the
accident and yesterday he received a dis
patch to the effect that the family of the ,
deceased had been notified. Michael j
Kennedy also sent a message, but has us '
yet received no reply, and until he does |
no definite arrangements for the funetal
will be made.
Mr. Kennedy leaves a mother, Mrs. M.
F. Kennedy of New Bedford, Mass.; four
brothers and a sister. The latter ore:
Dr. Frank M. Kennedy and Joseph P.
Kennedy, New Bedford; John C. Ken
nedy, Boston; M. A. Kennedy, Oakland,
and Mrs. M. T. Hudner, Fall Kiver, Muss.
ALAMEDA TRUSTEES
TALKLE A TARTAR
APPOINTMENT OF CITY MAR
SHAL PRECIPITATES A ROW.
Trustee Brick Claims to Own the Po
lice Department and Says His
Colleagues Are Not
Truthful.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 6.— A1l Alameda is
agog at a disruption in the Board of City
Trustees. Trouble has been brewing for
some weeks. The members fought shy of
appointing a new City Marshal for fear
that the storm might break forth in all
its fury. Action, however, was forced up
on them and with action came the storm.
The tempest broke last night at an ex
ecutive session called for the purpose of
deciding upon changes 4n the Police De
partment, made necessary by the resig
nation of Chief Rogers. John Brick,
chairman of the police committee, started
the fuss by asserting that the patronage
belonged to him and that his colleagues
on the board should keep quiet and grit
their teeth while he made appointments
according to his own ideas. He closed his
end of the row by questioning the voracity
of the other members of the board, and,
jumping to his feet, shook his fist in
Chairman Forderer's face, shouting at
the top of his voice: "I wish you to dis
tinctly understand that you are not my
friend and never will be."
When the secret session was called to
order and its purpose had been stated.
Brick was the first to talk.
"I am chairman of the police commit
tee," he said, "and this appointment be
longs to me. I have been 'sat on' per
sistently ever since I came on this board,
and I have never been treated with any
courtesy. Sergeant Conrad, who wants
to be Marshal, asked every one o' you
to vote for him, but he did not even ask
me to support him or consult me in the
matter."
Trustees Forderer, Fletter, Clark and
Schulte denied that Conrad ever men
tioned his ambitions to them.
"I don't believe you," shouted Brick.
"I never was given a chance on this
board. I have been slighted long enough,
and this is the end of it. I am chairman
of the police committee and I will have
the appointment of Marshal as well as all
police officers."
Chairman Forderer said that inasmuch
as Brick had intimated that his colleagues
were liars, it was his opinion that Brick's
idea of courtesy was "way down." The
discussion was reaching a dangerous ten
sion when the conference broke up. The
argument was renewed on the sidewalk
in front of the City Hall, but the trustees
were led in different directions by their
friends before they came to blows.
Brick favors the appointment of Harry
Transue to the office of Marshal, while
Sergeant Conrad is the choice of the other
four members. f
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— The fair for the
benefit of St. Patrick's parish in West
Oakland, will close next Saturday nigrht.
To-morrow afternoon will be children's
day.
Robert Boyer, a popular Oaklander, Is
being tried in the Suisun court for poach
ing on the preserves. This is the first
case of the kind since the Supreme Court
handed down its decision in such cases.
Fabiola Hospital was generously remem
bered by the charitably inclined this year.
Donations were received on December 1,
2 and !!, and their number and quality
were decidedly numerous, for which the
ladies of the association to-day acknowl
edged their thanks.
Opportunities make brief calls and if
you are out they seldom return,
MEETIXG NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. IC6, F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, December 7. at 7:::"TtlT
o'clock. Election of officers. /^r '
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and »
A. M.— Annual and stated meeting _#\ _
Tins (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at iKjf
7:3 a o'clock. Election of officers. By'~>
order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and •
S. M., will meet THIS (WEDNE.S- _*V
DAY) EVENING, December 7. ai -
o'clock, for business and degrees, '^r'
Election of nffir-ers. By order of the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN 11. DAY, Recorder
CROCKETT Lodge No. 13.1, f. and A. m
M.— Annual meeting THIS (WEDXKS- II
HA\I EVENING. December 7, at '.■■'ivjEjf
o'clock. F. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. AV^
SPARTAN Lodge No. 123. I. O. .vy-flf ■'
O. F. — All members are requested
to be present THIS (WEDNES- "i£*M^=?
DAY) EVENING, December 7. ' '" >N
The -Grand "Master will pay an official visit
to the lodge. Visiting brothers cordially in-
vited. T. C. LEAKY, Secretary.
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN. L. : »
. and B. Society— All , officers and tt~Tsl
members of the above society are ' JjS&aEL—
hereby notified to attend their $iiFv^s«
regular monthly and nomina- VWlZiSwi
tion meeting THIS (WEDNES- WfrSSH'Ms
DAY) EVENING, December 7. "//inntlf
IS9S, at 7:30 o'clock sharp, at V^PSv
• 10 California^ St., to nomiate ~^S^^'
new officers for. the ensuing year ~---'
(1889). By order of
:. v- JOHN GLAVINOVICH, ' President.
SPIRO .VUeOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fil
cisco Bricklayers' Association will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- AWA W .
ING, Dec. 7, 1898, at B. B. Hall. 121
Eddy st.. at 8 o'clock. A full attend- Zr&L
ance requested. Nomination of offi- lr*
cers. E. J. BRANDON, Pres. ■
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P., will
confer the Knight rank (long form) , £*>
on WEDNESDAY, December 7 Vstt-'
IS9B. at Pythian Castle, 909H Mar- '•
ket St., at 8:. tO p. m. Members of sister
lodges cordially invited.
E. R. WATERMAN, C. C.
O. NORCROSS, K. of P.. and S
QUARTERLY meeting and nomination a
of officers of the Austrian Benevolent *£>&&%.
Society will be held \VEI>NK»I>.\Y SSH&f?
EVENING, Dee. 7. at their hall, 413 3f|ffif
Sutter st. By order *s*°
M. SCANATICH. President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
MEET and buy that $30 diamond ring of UN-
I'LE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July, 1897:
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia Lang,
8 years; Maud Lovett, 7 years; Maclovia Pa-
dilla, 6 years: Lillian Doherty. 'J years; Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; -ollections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms C-10; lei. 5550.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 3-11 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child desires situation at
housework; good cook: $10; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation in hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS English cook aesiren situation;
country; 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day: understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter.
TOUNQ Swedish girl wishes place to assist
with children, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
Al SWEDISH r>onk, also Swedish second girl,
best of reference, desire situations. J. F.
CKOBETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FRENCH girl wants situation as ladles' maid
or cliamberwork and sewing; is a very good
seamstress and hairdresser; city reference.
Address or call 136 Tenth st., near Mission.
GOOD respectable woman wishes a situation to
do general housework In a small respectable
family. Call 212 Minna st.
OPERATOR on pants with some experience
wishes a situation. Address box 376, Call.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes position as
cook In city or housework by the day. Ad-
dress 240 I*.1 *. Minna st.
STENOGRAPHER— Experienced, desires situ-
ation; references. Address box 483, Call.
COMPETENT waitress wis..es a situation in a
private family. Address 2747 Lombard st.
MI!>nLE-AGED won'an wishes situation to do
general housework; Is - good cook and laun-
dress; wages $12. Address box 355, Call.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Call
or address 1217 Howard st.
GIRIj wishes position to do chamber or parlor
work and washing: good references. Call
from 11 to 5, 26 Glover, off Leavenworth.
REFINED young widow wants position as
housekeeper to two gentlemen, man and wife
or man and child. Addresa box 484, Call.
COOK, first-class, wishes a situation: will rio
plain washing; can furnish references. Ad-
dress 530 Bush St.. near Stockton.
WOMAN wants work of any kind: is good
cook and housekeeper. Address 520 Bush st.
YOUNG lady wishes position in small store;
speaks French, German and English. Ad-
dross T. M., 524 Folsom St.
WOMAN wants chamberwork or housework by
.'the day; gof>d cook. 413 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by reliable woman to do
housework; understands good plain cooking.
116 Lily aye., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation; house-
work, cooking. 525 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework and
take care of children in private family;
wages $10. 755 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, wants work by the day; 75c and car-
fare. 30 Seventh st.
BY reliable woman, work by the day: good
laundress, $1 10 a day. ISSS Market, opp. 10th.
GERMAN girl wnnts a situation in a small
family for cooking and general housework.
Apply Prescott House, corner Montgomery
aye. anil Kearny st.
COLORED woman would like position to do
cooking, housework or nursing. Address E.
B. M., 1103 Montgomery st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good reference. 445 O'Farrell st.
GOOD seamstress, plain dressmaking, wishes
a few more engagements; 75c a day. Ad-
dress box 497, Call office.
A NlCEjJresent ; that 14-karat gold $12 watchT
at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.
COOK and all-around helper; cook English,
German, French and Hungarian; full charge
of kitchen; first-class pastry; hotel, boarding
housu or restaurant; city or country. 24
Hunt st.
SITUATION as working housekeeper wanted
by a middle-aged American woman: city ref-
erences: good wages. Box 273. Call.
INTELLIGENT lady with business education
wishes position as bookkeeper and cashier in
hotel: city or county: refs. Hox 329. Call.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
FIRST-CLASS chef, hotel or restaurant,~seek^
ing engagement. Address care C. R. HAN-
SEN" & CO., 104 Geary st.
GOOD coachman and man about place, with
references, wants situation. C. R HANSFV
& CO., 104 Geary st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant sti.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414',-i O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426. '
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of reference
handy with tools, wants light work; good
home more of an object than wages. Ad-
dress H. WARREN, 10 Anthony st.
STABLEMAN and driver, 20 years' experi-
ence In private and livery stables, first-class
vegetable gardener and florist, wishes work
of any kind. Address box 382, Call.
AVANTED-^A situation to canvass for some
first-class installment house; or will sell
some article to families for the holidays Ad-
dress 526 Grove st., downstairs.
CARPENTER and cabinetmaker, first-class
mechanic, wants a situation. Call or art
dress 120 Valley St.
ALL-ROUND butcher would like situation in
city or country; good references. Call or ad
dress M. W., 1063 Mission st.
YOUNG man, speaking English and Spanish
wishes position in office or commission
house; good penman; good references ah
dress box 431. Call.
CAPABLE, industrious man wishes position
as superintendent of ranch; highest refer
ences; large experience. Box 491, rail
YOUNG Scandinavian boy wants situation as
second butler; best city references. Address
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk and bookkeeper-
speaks German; 8 years" experience; best of
references; no objection to country; 33 ve-n-s
of a«e. Address box 438. Can office.
SITUATIONS WASTED- Con tinned.
YOUNG SwedfT'wisheg situation as P° rt ?J.
janitor or watchman. Address F. TH., liw
Montgomery aye.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation in the
city; do plain cooking: has references; speartts
good English. Box 1456, Call Office
STEADY middle-aged man; can take care of
garden, chicken?, horse, cow, etc. ; reasona-
ble wages; best of references. J. D., box 4,
Call Office.
A PLACE as assistant bartender, porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and reli-
able man ; saloon references. Box 425, Call.
JAPANESE young boy wants poUtion as
schoolboy without wages: family. Address
F. SHIO. hi* IST6. Call office.
PRESENT your brother that American silver
watch; $6, at UNCLE HARRIS. 1"« Grant ay.
YOUNG man, good worker, desires situation
with chanco to raise. Address box i'l<i. CaH.
PRIVATE secretary desires position with capi-
talist or attorney; 14 y«ars' legal experience:
stenographer: exceptional references. Ad-
dreßE box 422, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; a good pruner: take care of horses
and can milk. Add. Gardener, box 1819, Call.
BUTCHER; first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H., 2531 Sixteenth st.
.WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagpage to and fr;im ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
SIX waitresses for first-class country hotel for
Ist of month. $20; 4 waitresses, city and coun-
try. $.20; waitress, $20, and dishwasher, $15
and found, for restaurant, short ways in
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
THIRTY cooks and housegirls for city and
country, $15 to $30; French second girl, $25;
German nursegirl, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman for housecleaning, $1
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
HOUSEWORK. Oakland. $25, see lady here.
MlSrf CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK for delicacy store, $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, 1 child. 3 years old, work afternoons,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish waitress, $25, good place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
COLORED second girl, Alameda, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper. $40 per month, must
be a good cook. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
TWO upstairs girls. $15; nurseglrl. $12; 2 cooks,
$25; waitress, $20; 10 girls for housework;
cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NORTH German nurse; $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK. Bakersfield, $20; Fresno, $20,
no wash. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, sleep home, $12; girl, assist house-
work, $12, sleep home. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE. $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Bt.
WORKING housekeeper. $12 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO second girls. $20 and $15; 12 house-
work girls, city, i2O and $20; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20, city; chambermaid. $15; 3
restaurant waitresses, $5 per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
NURSE, infant, $25; nurse, grown children, $20;
second girl and sewing, $25; 4 cooks in Ameri-
can and German families, $25: 3 Scandinav-
ian and German girls, general housework, $25;
and a large number of girls to fill situations
in city. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
6 RESTAURANT waitresses. $6 week; 2 hotel
waitresses. $20; colored second girl, $20; 14
girls to fill country situations, $15 $20 and
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25: two second girls at $22 and
$20; two second girls. $1S and $15; two cooks,
$.30 each; housegirls. $25; S houesegirls, $20 and
$15; housegirls, San Jose, $25, see party here
11 o'clock; 4 housegirls, country, $20 and $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN cook for section house, $20; young girls
for housework, country places, $20: waitress,
country hotel, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
PLAIN cook, small country hotel. $20 and
fare, R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
LADIES to embroider: good paying, easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROID-
ERY WORKS. 23 Duane st.. New York City.
GIRL for general housework for country town;
must be reliable; steady place and good home;
small family; wages $15; answer to-day. Ad-
dress box 379. Call.
GIRL 12 or 15 years, wash silver and glasses-
restaurant; sleep home. 313 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$15. 248 Oak. 6
W.ANTED-Glrl for light housework; no wash-
ing. 112 Second st.
APPRENTICE on coats wanted. Call VA
Polk st.
YOUNG Rirl, about 15 years, to assist with
light housework. 1418 O'Farrell ft.
GOOD cook for boarding house. Jefferson
Hotel, corner Broderick and Jefferson.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom conts. 1039 Howard st. •
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 26 Fourth
street.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 510 Natoma
street.
APPRENTICE on custom coats: paid while
learning. SO3 Montgomery st., room 10.
YOUNG waitress wanted. 631 Clay st., between
Kearny and Montgomery.
APPRENTICE on vests; must have good ref-
erences. SSS Mission st.
GIRL to do light housework. 808 Filbert st ■
wase? |g.
WANTED— Young girl; call early. Apply 728%
EXPERIENCED apprentice on fine coats. 226
Minna st., upstairs; call early.
LADY roommate to share 2 large sunny rooms-
reasonable; references. 1931 Pine st.
PRESENT your sister with that $16 diamond
_ring. worth $40. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
Y<^ :X cL, Ge T man girl for general housework;
$1;> 836 V. Harrison st.
APPRENTICE to learn halrdressing, sham-
S.°. 0 ] nn t X -, and halr work - MME. DELLA
FAUST, 240 Stockton st., near Post.
TAILORESS wanted. 251 Eighth st., Oakland.
LADY to do light housework in exchange for
good home. 503 Larkin Ft.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10J Post
LEARN sewing at KEISTERS; good po-lUoc*
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister st P °' lUOn *'
HELP WANTED— MALK
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Tel Grant iok
1500 railroad laborers for.. l» rant 135
Skaguay, fare reduced t0.....'..'".';*"'"""
$12 60 : ...:.:.......; Skaguay > ".'.'.'.'.'.'. * " * *'ti i*
Sub-contractors and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $150 a yard for rock 25 to
3oc a day for earth day laborers^ average
8 hours at SOc and S 50 ' Further particulars
I and tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104
- Geary st. ; ship this morning at 10 o'clock.
A^ L i^ BB S TV mountain railroad; ship to-
night. C. ... HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 WAITERS country hotels, $30 and $25; 2 sec-
°" rt m , co^ s ' »» a week and $7 a week; kitchen
hand who can cut meat, for a hotel l°o r
R. HANSENJfc CO. 104 Geary st *
C^ A hrJ?^! ei^''^ cc boss here;- north. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ..
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
2a wood-hoppers w and 70c cord
M tie makers g c an _ _o c each
Bugsy washer, city stable $25 and found
Harnessmaker $35 and found
Milkers $30 an d found
Kanch teamsters }2,"> and found
Farmer and wife for an orchard. s4o and found
Can washer for dairy $1"> and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CANDYMAKERS Ironers Cooks
For the country, candymaker, $40: Ironer.
country laundry . . .'. $1 50 day
Cooks, city and country. $30, $35 and $«>;
waiters, country. $25 and $20; dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, «35; steady work
for good teamster; stout boy for delivery wa-
gon, $15; underground mine foreman who can
talk Spanish, $100 and board; carriagemaker.
$2 50 to $3 50 day; office boy, g»i »«eooM
cooks for restaurant, $5 and $10 week: an.l
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., b2S
Sacramento st.
FURNACEMAN for a quicksilver mine $40 and
board ; 20 woodehoppers. $1 25 to $1 40 per
cord, tools and provisions advanced, long job
man about place, and wife as cook, small
family $30 and found: young German, not
ow 25, to care for horse, rows, garden, etc..
about private place, g6 and found; also
farmers, milkers. cook^ J-aiters and dish-
washers. W. P. E^'ER & CO., $26 Clay.
BA.KER American or Eniflish preferred. W0
per nVonth MISB CULLEN. 325 gutter at.
HELP .. WANTED- Continued.
WANTED — Second- cook. $40; night- cook.
$40; cook, $10 a week; waiter, country •
hotel, $30; : waiter.*. $25; dishwasher. $20;
German around a nursery, $15; French boy,
$15; French couple on a ranch, $35, etc. AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton St. -r . ;
YOUNG man with experience in Jewelry busi-
ness: must be well recommended. Call room
408 Parrott building, between 11-12 a. m.;
watchmaker preferred. : *~>^
GOOD competent barber wanted for country
v place, $S per week and found: single, sober
and steady man. Address box 331, Call office.
YOUNG man wanted about 18 years of age t»
learn the barber trade.' Call at 2514 Sixteenth
st., bet. 9 and 10. - •
GOOD steady lunch waiter wanted. Call after
S o'clock a. m., southeast corner Fremont and
Howard, sts.
WANTED— A good pressman on custom pants,
at 411% Kearny st., top floor.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 23 i .California st. in
barber. shop: * ■ __ - '
WANTED— Strong boy with experience In car-
: riage blackamithin_ references. S2S Harrison.
WANTED— A lunch waiter. 17 Washington
street. .'
COAT and pants maker ' for country. Apply
24 Sutter St.. REISS BROS.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; small placai
small cs j___ 233 Sixth st -
BOOKKEEPER for extra work evenings. Ap-
ply 10:30 a. m.. L".i Stockton st. ___
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper. ROBERTS.
1613 Market st. ■
TO go to-day— pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1: BCW
shoes slieiitlv damaged, M price. 662 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— A' German mate with German
papers. Inquire 218 East st.
WANTED— Man to take orders for printing at
420 Montgomery St.. room 33. . ■
YOUNG man to learn horseshoeing: first-clas«-w'
shop. Box 311. Call. ___________'
RECRUITS wanted for' the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; . able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, reai and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40' Ell 13 at..
San 'Francisco. Cal. " •{
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno H;nise proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 larga
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 V. Mission,
et., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ME.* and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisc- P-rber College, 138 V. Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542" Market st.
BUY that $20 silver American watch; price $S.
at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
$25 A WEEK and expenses to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W, L. KLINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts. :
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms: 15c. 25c nleht.
SINGLE rooms, ISc, 20c, 25c per nigl't; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863 V. Market at.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters. coaßf^f
Australia. Eurcpe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.J
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Suiter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
■ LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market at., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $3/ a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
LIVE agents to handle Braham's Pat. Reservoir
Pen: liberal terms. P. O. box 146, Oakland.
FORTY per cent for first-class solicitors; ladles
and gentlemen; German art. Apply 3u5 Eddy
St., morning.
AGENTS wanted to handl? photo, buttons.
DEALEY BROS.. 503 Larkin St.
ROOMS WANTED.
STEADY single gentleman (best of references)
wishes a large well-furnished sunny room,
with plain breakfast and supper, with a good
private Protestant family, viz., English.
Irish, American or Scotch: no young children
or other roomers; house standing alone pre-
ferred, with garden, stable or barn if possi-
ble; convenient to Valencia-st. cars preferred;
address with particulars or no notice taken.
Address box 384, Call Office.
IMMEDIATELY, by desirable parties, part of
house or 3 furnished rooms for houskeeplng;
must be very central ; not to exceed $18. Box
3SO, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLAAKOIS. f~
YOUNG full-blooded gentle buggy horse
wanted. 517 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Hand power combined ironing ma-
chine; state cheapest cash price. Address box
495, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL, 210 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: yecond-hand. 109 Montgomery rt.
LOST.
BLACK purse containing $20 piece, some
change and two Berkeley tickets. $5 re-
ward for return to Call office.
FROM 3196 Pacific aye.. skye terrier dog; 8
months old. Return same to above address
and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Gordon setter: license No. S5O; liberal
reward. 734 McAllister st.
RED cocker spaniel dog in Western Addition:
liberal reward. SCHMIEDELL, 307 San-
some Bt.
LOST— Double-barreled gun near Mount Eden,
Alameda County. Return to : IENNINGSEN,
Alvarado Hotel, and receive reward.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; IV_
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON.
LOST— A physician's pocket-book._ Finder will
please return tn owner. PR. C. A. CLIN-
TON, Twenty-first and Howard sts., and re-
ceive reward. ____________^_________
FOUND.
FOUND— Dec. 1 on Guerrero-st. car, basket
containing clothes. 545 EMzabethjst.
FOUND— Lady's gold watch. Inquire 511 Capp
sts t ree it. _________________
EDUCATIONAL. 4
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering ; suh-
veying. assaying, etc: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since lsH2:_catalogue. _
AYREjFlJuslness College, 723 Market st. : indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing t> oolt -
keeplng. telegraphy, penmanship, Englisn
branches, etc.; life scholarship, »o0; low rate«
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Caldwell: 16 yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels ' ldg, 927 Marked
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1256 Mar-
ket st. : 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. "72 Parrott bldg.
CABWBT O-JBAjn NG.
CHTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M_rr.,
38 and to Eighth St.; telephone fouth 200.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor woric
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. S. 4U.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. £_tel. ___________________
J E~MITCHFLL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
'st. : cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12«-
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3»4. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor,
HORSES.
60~HORSES of ever:' description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia st., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also busgies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket J>27 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer..
~~ STORAGE.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 07:411l SINESS CHANCES.
A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
FOUR partners wanted with $500 each in a big
amusement proposition; cleared $15,000 in 2
months 5 years agi>; plant ready to put
in operation: a straight business proposition;
full Investigation Invited. National Agency,
7 Grant aye.
A— S2SO— POSITION at $60 per month; light
work connected with established business;
good security: full investigation. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
KNFH saloon; clears $75 month; asnap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears %'l> month.
$230— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
$:."— Branch bakery: Market St.; rent $15.
$12o— Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A $i:-»v DELIi'ACY and TunchT positively host
in city; receipts average $45 daily. KKEDO
&CO.. 224 Geary St.
$800— CORNER grocery and bar; clears $100;
fine living rooms. KREDO A CO., SJ% Geary.
$175— COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15 to
$20 daily. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
|40O — CIGAR stand: business corner; must be
_ gold ; a snap. KRKIK) & CO., 224 Geary St.
A— sl7.".; SALOON; daily receipts $7 to $10; a
•nap: call at once. KREDO ft CO., 2:> x Geary.
$800- RESTAURANT, n nirof~Market; bar^
gain if sold immediately; compelled to go
East. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$350 — COAL oil route: horse and wagon: clears
$5 day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
$250 PARTNER wanted; light indoor business.
Mclaughlin & co.. ::: Market st.
$2000— HOTEL In the city, building included;
good-paying business; long lease; satisfac-
tory reason for Belling. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; light business; $15 to
$?0 a week each.
$300 — Coal, wood and feed business: widow
wishes to sell business; worth twice as much;
two horses, wagon, stock, fine trade.
Partner wanted light business; estab-
lished ei^ht years: large stock; $1S to $30 a
week each; trial given.
Full Information free at WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
IF you have a business for sale call on us; no
charge for booking; Information free. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$1 DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses; 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness: 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES, *55
Market st.
- ALOON; 15 furnished rooms; 2<i regular
roomers; 800 worth stock; sell barrel whisky
a month; beer tra.ie very large; any one look-
Ing for genuine bargain should see thia with-
out fail. JONES, MS Market st.
|400— PARTNER In first-class meat market:
old established business; in Western Addi-
tion: best class customers; fine man. JONES,
" irket st.
$1000 — Milk dairy depot: paying business;
lease 5 years: bargain account of going
Kan. N. LOWENSTEIN. M Kearny St.,
rooms io and ii.
$800— BARGAIN; grocery and bar; 3 living
rooms: old-established plac-. Bee N. LOW-
ENSTEIN. 34 Kearny St., rooms 10 and 11.
IPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness; n^ist
sell before winter: 3< boarders; IB livery and
work Ii rses: buggies: surrles; Carriage:
double and single harness; all that a
etable if<iuires. Address box 377, Call Office.
FOR sale — Bakery: one of the best offer
made; all store trade, no wagon: 1' 2 barrels
daily; good location: will stand investiga-
tion: other business; $S5O. Box 4^, Call.
BARBER shop; half or whole: on Market st.
Inquire Brooklyn Hotel barber shop.
$150— PARTNER: good-paying corner saloon;
well Btocked; business too much for one: pre-
fer partner to help; investigate. Call office.
BARGAIN— Good-paying corner saloon, bll-
llarda and pool, to trade for or>ui'l» lots or
small ranch: lnv< \ 13R2. Call.
PARTNER, lady ot man. as cashier; $50
r. Address H x 47r>, ('all Office.
BARBER i bus I shed business. In-
rjuir.
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush St.
RESTAURANT for sale: will take a partner.
Inquire at once, box 427, Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; good chance
for single man. Inquire UISA Folsom st.
CORNER family liquor store, with t.n-
locatlon. For particulars apply SE corner
Sixth and Folsom Fts.
DRUG store, clean and complete stork and fix-
tures: in good location: investigate at
change for rot d physician. Box UK, Call.
*ELo-SToi KKD, old established grocery and
liquor store; 5 living rooms; cheap rent: two
flats hel^lr.K pay rent. Inquire Call office.
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
i with lease); make offer.
COUNTY rights for scle; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
< r.ce. M..H. Cartwright. mi. 70.t. '.^T Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-W*
Beale it
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H~c!~DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp.
60-room hotel and bar $7000
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
82 room?: exchange for house and lot 2200
4S-RC '" CORNER HOUSE
JTPT FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE, ONLY HMO; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house anH irniture..s 850
y r< Din: new furniture: cost JCSO 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 4"iO
10-roon house; only lit
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 M
4«-room house; corner ISM
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. K«0 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; elegant; clears $50 $550
12 rooms; Ellis St.; always full 500
14 rocms; near City Hall: cheap rent 800
17 rooms; transient; best on O'Farrell.. 850
18 rooms; TMrd St., near Market 473
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
18 rooms; $300 cash: balance payments $530
22 rooms; brand new; must sell; make offer. ..
20 rooms; doctor pays $35; rent $65 1.400
28 rooms; Post St.; fine place I.SOO
35 rooms; near plaza 1.600
100 rooms; corner; offices: elegant 6,000
LODGING house of 27 rooms: sunny corner;,
first-class location: chep for cash; no agents.
Address box 4SO. Call.
$100 SURE profit over all expenses; 22 rooms
near Baldwin; make offer to SPECK & CO..
602 Market st.
LODGING house at a bargain if sold to-day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
BARGAIN for $250. lodging house 16 rooms.
N. LOWENSTEIN. 34 Kearny, rms 10-11.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
597 Ellis St.
PRESENT that 14-karat gold gent's watch;
price $20. at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avo.
DEXTI V[£; ~~~
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $s;' crowns. $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason Bts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie lisa.
DR. GEOP.CE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tract? or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold, $1 up: silver, 23c
up: bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 909 Mission 'St.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less ?>nd guaranteed to stand; open evenings
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work und fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth.
$4: filling, gold. 50c; silver. 2.'.c: crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 4S 6th — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ' . -
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE ! free— W. P. ADAMsi 607 Emma
Spreckels h1dg.927 Market: charges moderate.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. :J. I:
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Hank.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Bpreckels bldg.. »27 Mar-
k*t: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. .
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
_ Bub»cripHons and ads taken. ■  --■:
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. c7~C. O'Donnell, office*
*nd rtiidence. ICZH4: Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
HAVES. 339— Branch office of . The CalL Sub-
fcrlptlons and ads taken. ■ v ■
I'ERSONALS.
LADY of talent wishee the acquaintance of
gentleman of means to assist her in busi-
ness; no trifiers. H., box 383, Call office.
RESPECTABLE, educated young woman of
high family connections, but in reduced cir-
cumstances, wculd like to meet elderly gen-
tleman commanding good salary or possess-
ing some means; object matrimony; no
trillers. Addrws box 483, Call office.
DR. E. RALPH, genuine thermal baths, mas-
sage. 1032 Market st., rms. 2 & 3, nr. Mason.
APPLY LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Tonic and
your hair will stop falling out. There is
nothing like It. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
IF you try LEDERER'S Foamo you will have
a fine shampoo; only 5c package. Hair dress-
ing. 2Jc; switches, $1 up; open Sundays and
holidays, S to 12. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Thirl st.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and taggage to and from the ferry,
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture-
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. TOSH ITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort. du:-Rbllity. elegance and economy
have your shoe; made to order at store price*
by Family Shoo Factory. 1650-1554 Market st.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain in blad-
der, urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougies. J...ME 3 FORD, 114 Fourth. St.. S. F.
BUY that diamond horseshoe scarf pin; price
$23. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made. $5 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRAI'.CISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. »16 Mark-it; men and women teachers.
spiritualism.
attention"! " ~""~" ~~~~~~-~-
Returned.
MRS. DX. A. D. HOWE
Hae returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness,
she never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested i; ; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies. . i
To the Slelc Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earv.h, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all sk'n diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call '.MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome.)
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW. medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 10274. Mrkt.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
M--n . s- 2.-..-: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 2>c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week: satisfactlcn guaranteed. 234'-^ 6th.
MME. LENKMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold. '74. 23>4 Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fcurth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: "5c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the -known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 60 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
. BtPlnway upright IS7 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $30 on each piano.
■Office of • •••- J - •• '■■■••.-.
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $*
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as If purchased for all ca*h; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some rood pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT ft CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
- fts.. San Franrisco. and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olrt»«t and largest house
west of Chica-o is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
X, 2? and SO O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise;
rail and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY. $175; Steck. $150: Estey. $125:
Fischer, ?2.".0; Weber. $200; cany payments;
pianos rented $1 60 up; rent allrweo 1 on pur-
chare. Brucnn's Piano House, ?04 Post St.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent
for celebrated planns of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
H.\ ROMAN Agency— A beautiful Instrument,
fine tone: not the latent style, therefore cheap
for cash. Room 12. Flood building.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wardrooms. ISIS Mm-ket.st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
ering. Steck. Voxe and Sterling pianos; eaay
payments. 1C O'Farrell st.
FINE upright Decker piano, little usd: a tar-
gain. 1012 Polk st.
"A FINE Steinway and new Chickerlng uprlgh.
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aw,
1190— FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister Et.. next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30? Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced price-, W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright plarfo cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 116 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rent? $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
■ MT'T.LF.R. maker. rer.nlr"r , 2 Latham plnc»
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms complete for house-
keeping cheap: flat for rent If desired; $12
per month. 208 Twelfth st. ,
FOR a holiday present a polltalre diamond
ring for $23, cost originally $50. Uncle Harris.
15 Grant aye. . I
PIANO for sale; $40; bargain. Call at 1924
Howard . st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches, 10c: 10x12. 15c: 12x16
20c: 14x17. !sc; 16x20. 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28, COc; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission »t.. be-
tween Firi"t and Second; open evenings.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
DIAMONDS: big bargains In thorn for holiday
presents at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand J.
NOONAN. 1017-101S-1021-IUZJ Mission st.,
above Sixth. ■ .
LARGE . National cash register at 14 Mason
street. . .
SIX horsepower. Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission; tel., Hr. 831.
LARGK 85- foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
power. Box 1662. Call office.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento St. ;
J. R. POOL, house-mover,' dealer ; second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. 9.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. •
~~~~~ SKWING MACHINES. ~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, • Singer and Whits
* cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies.*- 14S Sixth; 'phone Mint 45
ALL kinds 'bought, sold, : exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 20 Mary st., near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50. |
WE can rent you a house with or without a |
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- !
gomery st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
et.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
A SOLITAIRE diamond ring worth $S0; price
$47. At UNCLE HARRIS. I. Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large yard and stable.
218 Collingwood st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— VERY sunny flat; 4 rooms; bath; garden; I
all to yourself; $18. Box 452, Call.
FLAT, 1213 Bush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 12118 Bush st.; water tree.
HYDE, 1716—5 new choice sunny rooms; all ,
modern Improvements; $20. j
McALLISTER. 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 725.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms !
and bath; $15.
POST. 2531. near Baker— Lovely flat; 5 rooms
and bath; sunny; $19.
POST, 2So7— Sunny flat of 5 rooms; all modern
improvements: $12 50.
WANTED— Tenants for nice flats, cottages; 10
to 30 days free; cozy 5-room cottages, $12.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms, bath; cottage of
6 rooms, cheap. 1576 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st.. between Eighth and Ninth.
4 AND 5 rooms and bath. 4685-4591-4593 Eight-
eenth st., near Hattle; $12 and $13.
$12, $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4. 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
A PAIR solitaire diamond screws; price $27;
cost $65. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Qrant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Sunny front suite for light hkpg,
$3 week; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BRYANT." 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front house-
keeping rooms, furnished complete; cheap.
CALIFORNIA, 705 (The Singleton)— House-
kpg rms., fur. and unfur.; suites, single, $4 up.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Nice furnished sunny
housekpg rooms from $7 up: bath; laundry.
EDDY, 305—1 large sunny furnished room; use
of kitchen and parlor; private family: rea«.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel; $14; with kitchen, gas stove,
$20.
EDDY, 743— Furnished room for light house-
keeping; suitable for lady or gent; running
water; $7.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children: private residence.
FIFTH, 322 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM. 7765—2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove.
FOLSOM, 2845— 8 or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap; without children.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640— A corner suite, with
separate kitchen; sunny; also single rooms.
SEE Bolitalre genuine diamond ring; price $10;
worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.
! HOWARD, 725— 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also other rooms: reasonable.
i HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping, $1 60 per
week up.
HOWARD, 1141—2 large front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; also 1 large room; rea-
sonable.
KEARNY. near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JONES, 117 — Nicely furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping; private.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite of 2 unfurnished
rooms, $10; 3 rooms, $15.
MISSION, 821— Large sunny kitchen and bed-
room; large yard; $2 50 a week.
MISSION, 86S— 2 large newly furnished rooms,
kitchen and yard, complete for hkpg. $17.
MISSION. 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, $12.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 or 3 eunny con-
necting rooms; stove; water; gas; 2 rooms,
$11: single.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OAK. 54—2 new sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; bath.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny: cheap.
SIXTH. 216H— Nice sunny fumlsiied rooms;
housekeeping and Blngle; quiet house: reas.
SLTENTH, 191— Large front roo;ns for house-
keeping from $7 up.
I SHIPLEY, 259—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10; unfurnished, $8; no children; no dogs.
SIXTH 420 — Complete rooms for housekeeping;
also front parlor suite and single rooms.
SIXTH. 661. rear— 3 good large unfurnished
rooms; cheap.
SIXTEENTH. 124— Rooms furnished for house-
keeeptng; front, sunny suites; flre places;
suite, $10 up.
TAYLOR, 407— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping.
! THIRD. IS— 2 rooms suitable for housekeeping
or workshop.
THIRD. 143— Housekeeping rooms complete;
front, first floor; water, gas, bath.
TURK, 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap^
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
TWENTIETH. 3622—2 or 2 sunny connecting
roomH furnished, bath; exclusive sink.
ROOMS 'I*o LEST.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny ft.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en eulte or t:ngle; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week: country trade solicited: elev'tr:tel.
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk St.— Just opened; ele-
gant rooms: en suite or single; furnished or
unfurnished.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to J5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without board.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and efflces.
DEUAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY. US — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; ?6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and I^eavenworth —
Handsome parlor suite: also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
itonablo rent.
EDDY, 614 — Very desirable single sunny front
room; closets, bath, gas; private family; $8.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $1 50, $6 wk. ; SCc, $1 day: tel. 81. 13«4.
FELL, 452— Furnished sunny front room with
kitchen. $9; single room, $3; no other roomers.
' FOURTH. 224— Furnished rooms for light hkpg;
newly furn. rms. at 244 6th; reasonable.
' GEARY 4W— Central location; Just opened,
caiptta and furniture new; sunny front
suites and single rooms; transient; reasona-
lle: alfcc offices.
GEARY. 622- ..unny front bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas; running water.
GEARY, 556— Nice sunny suites; privilege light
housekeeping; gas range; other rooms.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1: week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE, EOS— Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentlat; carpeted.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HOLIDAY gift; that $50 Howard watch; worth
$100. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mlsnton -Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 : er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
Buit«« and single rms.; transient. Mrs. .l. King.
MASON. 225— A nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window; rooms, $2 per week up^
McALLISTER. 031, near Franklin— Back par-
lor room; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
McALLISTER, 907—3 unfurnished rooms; bay-
window; private family; rent moderate.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 43« Fifth— Everything
new: rms.. single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
Lay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 821— Furnished rooms; nice and
| clean; $1 a week up.
MISSION. MS <Mlnt House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
' ■ bay-window; running water; 2 gents pre-
ferred; ; $B. • . / i ';;;■-"
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month. .
PAGE, 133— Nice front room to I rent; reason-
able. --■'■' ■ . :
PIEDMONT House, 119 A Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, "single; first class.
POST, 1716 Neatly, furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable. , , • " .: v-.v, •,;,".■
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: second floor; reasonable. ■
SEVENTH. 178 — Cheerful sunny : furnished
front rooms; $1 per week. :....: ;■>■:.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single; bath. gas.
TURK, 1 543— Nicely furnished sunny room; use
bath; $1 per week. (.. . .
VAN NESS aye., 401 D— sunny front room
nicely furnished; gas, bath; suitable for gent;
private.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
FIRST. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit: sing, rms.; excellent board.
HOTEL Falrtnount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— Large 6unny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single room, with
board. $22 50; home comforts; also front room.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Sunny furnished rooms
with board, $4 to $5 per week; home cooking.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board. . .
VAN NESS, 712— Nicely furnished sunny single
rooms; running water; bath; gas; table board.
A PRESENT: a diamond and turquoise ring;
price $40. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
INFANT or small child, $10 month. Apply
210 Lexington aye. • ■ ■.
STORES TO LET.
SHOEMAKER shop to rent, with furnished
sleeping room; good chance for steady single
man. Call barber shop. 744 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar to let. . with 3 rooms.
Northwest corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
SIXTH. 318— Large store; suitable for gents'
furnishing or dry goods.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 239 No«
st., near Market; stable if desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELB building. 927 Market St.:
light, heat, janitor and telephone: rents $11 50
to $20. ASHTON ft GARnviTR, room 210.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holdlnr permanent
positions; no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co.. rm. 25,
1003i£ Broadway, Oakland; hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40S, Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $23 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY mount at 6V_ per cent on real estate. 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
— — —^^— ■ —^ — — —
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. . SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery.
MEDICAL. .
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for. patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin. ■- ■ ■■ .--y ■•■■
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause);, cafe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' pratclce; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, homo,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., 8. F. A — Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
. ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medicine
or instruments used; consultation free; saves
disgrace; pills and capsule*, $1; cure $5. By
the well-known ladles' physician for 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. in. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity i home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $"). Removed from 401 D Van
: Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned. spe-
cialist: all monthly .irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved lmmedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
RHEUMATISM— Chronic cases solicited; treat-
" ment anywhere; . pay after ' cured; $5 up;
others having: failed, try H. R., 864 Nine-
■ teenth St.. Oakland. '. ; ■
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ;
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG.. CO., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. ' WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement," with every
comfort; - best care and - attendance.; . terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger;, safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland ' Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant, sunny
■ home In confinement. 156 , Second ;st .Tele-
. phone Green 52. :t.: : '■' -^ : -, -.:■-_■.■■
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared < for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue avK'.-Los Angeles.
~ PROPOSALS. ~~~~
BIDS - Wanted — Notice Is hereby given ; that
; sealed proposals will be received by the Board
. of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at Its "office, . room 13, 320 Jansome st
San Francisco, Cal.,' up to 10 o'clock a. m '
i - Saturday. December 10, , 1838, : and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
' ders, for ; furnishing, and delivering ■ quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six ■ months commencing
; January :1, - 1599. and ; ending . June * 30, 1899
Schedules with Information and instuctions
• for - submitting : bids ' v/11l ■ be • furnished ■ upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully- f0110w ...: the -conditions - of-: the i
■ schedules, and no bid will- be considered un- I
. less it is in accordance with such schedules
- Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least •10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J i
-"C. ■•.- Currier, ■ treasurer, s conditioned ■„ that r the i
bidder will enter Into a gc^d and valir\ con-
tract ; upon ' notice tof acceptance .as required !
'by law. The board reset the right to 1
, reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
s tity - over or j under the amount" specified.
Address J. .7. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 73, 320 Sansome
St., < San Francisco, : Cal." 'By rder "of - the
,*• Board of Directors. • •; .
'. ■■'■■.-'■••- ' J. J. SCOVILLE.' Secretary.
TO LEASE. "':■:■;. w;
TO LEASE— A : furnished ? hotel near ■• a • large
■ factory, 30 miles distant. Apply R. T. V>'ARD
& CO.. 608 Clay st - . j
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.
For Sweeping and Cleaning the Public Streets,
From the Date of the Award of the Con-
tract to January 1, 1902.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1648
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in open
session of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. December 12. 1898, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for sweeping, cleaning arid
keeping clean the paved streets and alleys of
San Francisco, and those streets that may
hereafter be paved, from the date of the award
of the contract to January 1, 1902. in strict ac-
cordance with the specifications prepared by
the Merchants' Association and filed in the
office of the Clerk of th« Board of Supervisors
on October 20th. 1898, and adopted and ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember sth, IR9B, by Resolution No. 2021
(Fourth Series), copies of which can be had
on application at this office.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will submit alternative
bids based upon the conditions Imposed in the
specifications,
Under Form "A."
First— Bidders will estimate and state a price
per 1000 square yards for all work to be done
on streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of all other classes than
the first class,
Under Form "B."
Second — For the performance of the work
with the understanding that the sweepings
from the special district beginning at Fulton
street and First avenue; then along First ave-
nue to Washington, along Washington to Lar-
kln. along Larkin to Market, along Market to
Valencia, along Valencia to Twenty-first,
aU.ng Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Ridley, along Ridley to Buena Vista avenue,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Halght to Masonic avenue, along Masonic
avenue to Frederick, along Frederick to Stan-
yan. along Stanyan to Fulton, along Fulton to
point of beginning, to be known as Golden Gate
Park Dumping District, are to be conveyed to
and delivered to Golden Gate Park at a point
opposite the entrance at Fifth avenue.
Bidders ■will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc.. of all other classes than
the first class.
The lowest bid will be ascertained by mul-
tiplying the figure proposed for streets of the
first class by the figure 1. and by multiplying
the figure proposed for all other streets by the
figure 2. aoaing the results together and divid-
ing their sum by the figure 3. The lowest re-
sult will be considered the lowest average bid.
And it Is to be distinctly understood that no
bid will be entertained which does not con-
form to all the requirements set forth In
the specifications for the guidance of the bid-
ders. *
Also, it Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two (2) dollars per day.
The party or parties to whom this contract
Is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice In three dally
newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board of Supervisors has
resolved to rer pi v e no bids unless made upon
blank forma prepared by the committee, and
each bidder will be required to deposit with
the -Clerk of the Board of Supervisors (with his
bid) a certified check, drawn to the order of
said clerk, upon some bank in the City and
County of San Francisco, in the sum of ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars T'nltert States gold
cnin, conditioned if the proposal be accepted
and the contract awarded, and If the bidder
Khali fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute a written contract therefor
nnd give the bond required, which is hereby
fixed in the sum of twenty-five thousand (S2H.-
000) dollars within six (6) days after the award
is made, or fall to commence the work on the
execution of the contract, when directed by
the Superintendent of Streets, then and in that
case the said sum shall be paid into the City
and County Treasury' by said clerk as liqui-
dated damaeres for such failure and neglect.
The Board reserves the right to award a
contract for the above work either under
Form "A" or Form "B." or reieet all bids !f
the public good so require. The Board also
reserves the right to terminate the contract at
any time If the party or parties to -whom the
same shall be awarded shall not perform the
work in strict accordance with the specifica-
tions.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For the Erection of an Engine House on
Tenth Avenue, Between I and J Streets.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2011
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, lS9g,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of an
engine hoiHe on Tenth avenue, between "I"
and "J" streets, for the use of the Fire De-
partment, in accordance with the plans and
specifications and the conditions set forth In
the said specifications, prepared by Charles
R. Wilson, Architect, to he seen at the office
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, first
floor. City Hall, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief Engineer and
the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
(80) working days from the date of signing
the contract.
Any delay In the completion of the building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($2O 00) dollars per day. and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments will be made on tne first day of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the work done ?nd
the balance thirty-five (35) days after the
completion and acceptance of the building.
The work of construction to be done j n
strict accordance with the plans anJ t-T>rciflc&-
tlons, under the supervision and direction of
Charles R. Wilson, Architect, and the District
Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which the entire work will be performed, in
accordance with the plans and specification 1 ?
The party to whom the contract may bo
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract to
pay the cost of advertising this notice In three
dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certlii.-vl
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
<$T>00) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded
and If the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract a id
give the required bond within six days after
the award is made, then and in that case the
said sum shall be paid into the City anj
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and negl»?t.
Blank? furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RL'SSELL, Clerk
PROPOSALS.
To Construct and Furnish Two (21 Monitor
Batteries for Use of the Fire Department.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of Snn
Francisco, December 6, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No 2011
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open sesßion of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, 189 S.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the manufacture
and delivery of two (2) monitor batteries for
u*e of the Fire Department. The said moni-
tor batteries to be constructed in strict accord-
ance with specifications, to be seen at the Fire
Department Corporation Yard, No. 52 Sacra-
mento street. Said monitor batteries to be ap-
proved by and constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Committee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for which the*' will manufacture and
deliver the two (2) monitor batteries, complete
in every particular and ready for use, to the
Board of Fire Commissioners, to be furnished
within a period of not more than seventy (70)
days from the signing of the contract: and if
not so furnished, the sum of $10 per day to be
deducted from the contract price for each and
every day over and above said period until
furnished and delivered to the Board of Fire
Commifstoner*.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
nil workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum rate of waces to be paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
The party to whim the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on sotne bank In the City and County of
San Francfeco for the sum of one thousand
($1000) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
I bid and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal be
accepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award
Is made, then and In that case the said sum
shall be paid :nto the City and County
Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure nnd neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The boasd reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JN'O. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpe writers sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
Prlc«s. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
I 7T HAMMOND. $»; Calhjraph. $15; Tost. f»i
1 get i«mple work. SCOTT, 533 Montgomery »C
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A— S4OOO— REDUCED from $4500; i an elegant
: - business *or residence corner lot on Dolores
St.; size/33x90; lot contains a new 2-story resi-
dence of-"- elegantly ' decorated rooms ; and |
bath on end of lot; front is vacant and large
enough for a store and flats; terms $1200 '■
cash, balance in monthly installments. See •
owner, 232 Liberty at., near Dolores. : ' -
NOTICE to property — Sealed proposals
are desired toy the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office. New. City Hall, from own-
ers •, of real property, suitable for engine-
house proposed, on the block bounded by
Second and Third, Mission and Howard sts.,
stating dimensions of lot, ■ location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the Eoard of
Fire Commissioners. • GEORGE MAXWELL,
Clerk.. San Francisco, Nov. 28, 1898.
ONLY $1400 cash; corner; 22d and Flor-
ida «ts., with 3 fiats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath,
and space on corner for 4 more flats; lot 50x
■.100. V • : . ■ ,
$3250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Haight, near Bu-
chanan; 23x96.
MODERN cottage; very large grounds: large:
barn and stable: houses for poultry; some
distance from other dwellings; near 2 lines
of cars; rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19 Fourth st.
$2200— C0x20 WITH 2 flats. 23 Stone St., nea7NE.
corner Powell and Washington.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY." Bulld-
er. 121 X st.. Sunset district.
SEE the 2'i-karat gem solitaire diamond ring;
price $145. At UNCLE HARRIS. U Grant ay.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange corner business, improved
property in heart of city for unimproved.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
_ Market st. -i- -; .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY corner; first-class apartment house: no
transients. 1055 Washington. Davis block.
BROADWAY. 12X>— Unfurn housekpg rooms".
carrots: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— «nd chmp. 11. SCHELI*-
HAAS' old *»ot». 4<W TClovwitH at S.« . V-, .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200— HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 45x150.
House of 8 rooms; lot 50x145; well,
■windmill and pump.
Central aye.; house of 10 rooms; lot 50
Xl4O.
Houses to let.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st., Alameda.
FOR sale cents on the dollar: one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also for investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
location. Apply to A. R. DENKS SB,, Web-
, ster-st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1143 Park st. -
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
. ; Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park St.,
Alameda. Cal. -__ ■ ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COMPLETE home; 1 block south of~the~uTc?;
elegant gas fixtures; porcelain bath, finished
In natural wood; sunny frontage; flowers and
fruit trees; a perfect home; send for photo.
Address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— A fine 7-room house: all the
latest Improvements; large lot: street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion.
FOR RENT— A small house and 3 acres of land;
Just the place for a chicken ranch; rent $12.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley.
~ LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10. " Probate. "5 the
Superior Court in and fcr the City and
County of San Francisco, State' of . Califor-
nia. In the matter of the estate of ISAAC
■ 5. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is ' hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. -D. 1898, at 10 o'clock a. ■m. of
said day, and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at the new City Hall, in
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, have been appointed as the
time and place for proving the will of said
I. S. BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
. the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for the issuance to her of letters testamen-
tary thereon.
Dated Dec. A. D. IS9S.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
• By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building,
Marysvllle,. Cal.. Attorney for Petitioner.
MARKIAGE LICENSES.
Perl E. Allen and Catherine R. Beck with. 30-29
Louis Hilder and Rosa Sweeney 28-23
John Bohrer and Lina Rebb 33-31
A. L. Wise and Alvina Parker 30-23
Antonio Compagna and Maria Clampra.... 40-17
James E. Griffin and Corrlean Chevalier. .24-21
1 BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS. ;
: Birth, marriage ' and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They, must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
COBB— In this city, November 23, 1898, to th«
wife of H. G. Cobb, a son.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, November SO,
IS9B, to the wife of H. G. W. Dinkelsplel, a
son.
KELLEHER— this city, December 5, 1898,
to the wife of John Kelleher, a son.
KERR— In this city, November 26, IS9S, to the
wife of Peter Kerr, a son.
LOVE— In this city, December 3. 1898. to the
wife of Henry J. Love, a daughter.
PINTO— In this city, December 3, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph Pinto, a son.
~~~ MARRIED.
ALLEN— BECKWITH— In this city, December
6, 1898, by the Rev. W. C. Shaw, Pert E.
Allen and Catherine R. Beckwith. '
BRUNOTTE— McLATCHIE— this city, No-
vember 24, 1898, by the Rev. Father Horan.
. George H. Brunotte and Mary E. McLatchie.
CROSSWELL— HITCHCOCK— In this city. No-
vember 20, IS9B. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, Jesse -B. Cross well and : Isabel
Hitchcock, both of San Francisco.
FLEISCHNER— In this city. No-
vember 19, 1598,.by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
. • ward Locke, Lamar P. ; Flelsehner and Olive
'A. Coulter. . both of Alvarado, : Cal. .
KELLEY— RAGAN— In this city, November 26,
1898, by the Rev. • Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Thomas C. Kelley and Unity J. Ragan, both
of San Francisco. -, *,
CLAUSSEN— In this city, November
23, 1898, by the Rev. ■ Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, George T. Logan and Dorothy Claus-
sen, both of . San Francisco, i
PINKHAM— CARMICHAEL— In this city. No-
vember 23,1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
ward : Locke, Frederick S. Pinkham and
Grace M. Carmichael, both of San Francisco.
SALMON-CHRISTENSEN— In this city. No-
vember 24, IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
I ward Locke, George W. Salmon and - Virena
M. Christensen, ', both of San Francisco.
SCHRECK— CONNELLY— this city, Novem-
ber 20, 1898, by the -Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Ferdinand . Schreck and Annie M.
■ Connelly, both of San Francisco.
DIED. ~~~
Akashi, Michltaro McDonald, Hereward
Blumenthal, ■ Mrs. .B. ' McGlnnls, James S.
Clark, Henry D. McNamara, . John F.
Crawley, Miss M. ■ ■ Nelson, Mary F.
* Ellis, Jane " O'Connor, John
Fitzgerald, John . O'Shaughnessey, C.
Flint, Samuel ' : Phillips, - Nellie .
Hartnett, Maurice L. Rourke, Bridget
Helm, James A. <■ Schnee, Albert
■ Herbst. . Catherine Schroder,- John -
. . Jackson, John C.'. * Sheehan, Michael
Kidney. Bridget . : Trobock, Mrs. M.
Kllngner.i Margaret . Truett. Tnez S.
Lawlor, Capt. F. •C. \ Volswink'.er, 1 : Kathar-
Lewis,":. Lester W. - . : • me "
Llndsley,- Frank H. : Wetjen, • Mary
Linnegar, Ann
AKASHI— In the City and County T«?pital,
December 6, IS9S, Michitaro Akashi, a native
v of Japan, aged 2S years. ;
BLUMENTHAL— In this city, December 6. 1898,
Mrs. • Bertha Blumenthal, : beloved mother ; of
' Mrs. Julia Marks, . a native of Zerker, s Ger-
; many, aged 79 years 10 months and 21 days.-.
CLARK— In Golden •', Gate, : Alameda': County
December 6, 1898, Henry D. Clark, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 76 years 11 months and 13
•" days. m<ifiih»H|ilrt)«OTiHHin l 'itinniwU'
■ Friends : and ■ acquaintances are ; respect-
fl fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Golden = Gate
Baptist ; Church. t ,
CRAWLEY— In this city, s December 5 1898, at
- ■.-, St. Mary's • Hospital, Miss M. : Crawley, • a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 50 years. iCt ~~*.
. . Friends: and ! acquaintances are : respect-
' fully Invited 'to attend : the < funeral - this day
■: I (Wednesday), at , 8 : o'clock, '■ from ■ St. '. Mary's
: : Hospital, ■ thence to , the chapel of ' St. ', Mary's
'■• Hospital, :, where! a solemn ; requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.com-
.*, mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
■•j" Cemetery. '*•;■- »
ELLIS— In this city. December 4. 1888, Jane,
dearly beloved wife of William John Ellis.
mother of Rosle. Mary J. and John Ellis,
daughter of Rosle and William Mapes. and
sister of William J., Nellie and Bonnie
Mapes, a native of New York State, aged 24
years 11 months and 10 days.
tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, SO6 Indiana street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city, December 5, 1898,
John, dearly beloved son of Richard and
Hannah Fitzgerald, and brother of Richard
A. Fitzgerald, Mrs. E. P. Peterson and Mrs.
E. M. Nelson, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years and 8 months.
ICJ'FriendK and acquaintances are respect-
full/ invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 347 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLINT— In Oakland, December 6. 1898, Samuel,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Flint, a native
of England, aged 59 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the rooms of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.. 320
Sutter street. Interment National Cemetery.
HARTNETT— In Uklah, December 4. IMS, Mau-
rice L., beloved son of Daniel and the lata
Annie Hartnett, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
S o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy & Co.,
1235 Market street, between Eighth and Ninth,
thence to St. James Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for tb.9
repose of Ms soul, commencing at 'J o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HELM— In this city, December 5. ISO*. Jamea
A., beloved father of James D. and Harry H.
Helm, a native of New York, aged 72 years
2 months and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t i-morroW
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, ?2 and 50 Mint
avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HERBST— In this city, December 5. IS9B, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Charles Herbtt. and
mother of John. Charles. William and Cath-
erine Herbst and Mrs. Waltermire a native
of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 5« years 3 months
and 24 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<W T edn°sd»y). at 10 o'clock, from her lata
residence. '2501 Van Ness avenue, corner of
Union street, thence to 11:42 o'clock train.
Valencia-street depot. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery.
JACKSON— In the City an.l County Hospital,
December fi, IS9S, John Charnley Jackson, a
native of England. r>K-?>1 40 years.
KIDNEY— In this city. December 6. 1898. en-
ter*! into rest. Bridget Kidney, beloved
mother of Mrs. John Crania, a native of Mld-
dleton. County Cork. Ireland, aged 81 years
10 months and 4 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m irr ■■■.v
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law-, John Crunin, 24
Shipley street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KLINGNER— In this city, December 4, 1898,
Margaret, beloved wife of Alexander Klin^--
ner, a native of San Francisco, aged 3S years.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are rcapeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California X'ndertaking Company. 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, corner of California
and Dupont streets, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LAWLOR— In Alameda, December 6, 1898. Cap-
tain Frederick C. L. Lawlor, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 42 years 2 months and
2 days.
JDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- (
dence, 1725 Arbor street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
LEWIS— In this city, December 3, 18<<S. Lester
Ward, youngest son of Euphemia and the late
George H.Lewis and brother of Minnie J. and
Harry Lewis, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years and 7 months.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:4J o'clock, from his late
residence, 2521 Pine street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LINDSLEY— In this city, December 6, 1898.
Frank H. Lindsley, father of Cora Lindsley.
a native of Wisconsin, aged 46 years and 2
months.
LINNEGAR— In this city, December 6, IS9S, at
Our Ladies' Home, Ann Linnegar, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 83 years.
McDONALD— In this city, December 6, 1898,
Hereward H. McDonald, husband of Lucy W.
McDonald, a native of Australia, aged 35
years.
!£?■ Funeral and interment private.
McGINNIS— In this city. December 5. IS9B,
James S., beloved son of J. C. and the late
Catherine McGinnis, and brother of Mrs. A.
C. Beede, a native of Virginia, New, aged 33
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, USA Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McNAMARA— In this city. December 4, 1898, John
F., dearly beloved husband of Savinia Mc-
Namara. and brother of Mrs. R. J. Harrison
and J A. McNamara, a native of Albany,
N. Y.
d^The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 633 Webster street, thence to fc.t- Mary s
Cathidral, where a solemn requiem hlj?h mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
NELSON— In this city, December 6. IS9S, Mary
Frances, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late Captain Henry Nelson, and sister of Esta
Nelson, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 5 months and 23 days.
E^Friends and jjequaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, Su3Vi Treat avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 6. 1898,
John O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
O'SHAUGHNESSEY— In this city, December 4.
189S, Charles O'Shaughnessey. a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 2'J years.
(T^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1316^ Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment i
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, December 5, 189 S.
at her residence. 12% Hill street. Nellie, be-
loved wife of John S. Phillips, daughter of
Mrs John Griffin of Tomales, and sister of
Mrs. J. B. O'Connor, Mrs. P. Mulvenay (de-
ceased) and James L., Lizzie and Frances
Griffin, a native of Tomales, Marin County,
aged 35 years.
jr^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Thursday), at Tomales on the arrival of the I
7:20 train from San Francisco.
ROURKE —In this city, December 5. 1898.
at her residence, 616 Eddy street, Brid-
get beloved wife of Terrence Rourke, and
mother of Mrs. Charles Hegarty, Mrs. Alfred
Berg and Margaret. James H. and John T.
Rourke. a native of County Longford. Ire-
land, aged 74 years and 6 months.
{tx Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHNEE— In this city, December 6, IS9B. Al-
bert beloved and only son of Gusta^e and
Salvia Schnee, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 2 months and 27 days.
SCHRODER— In this city. December 5. 1898,
Bt his residence, 1330 Valencia street, John
Schroder beloved father of John and Lewis
Schroder and Mrs. F. Casement of Napa,
Cal., a native of Denmark, aged 68 years and
8 months.
rbrrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
Chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SHEEHAN —In this city, December 4, 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Ehee-
han, and father of the late Sarah Sheehan, a
native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
ICT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2011 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brlß-id'K Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TROBOCK— In this city. December 6, 1898, Mrs.
Madeline, wife of B. N. Trobock. a native of
California, aged 25 years and 10 months. (San
Jose papers please copy.)
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TRUETT— In this city, December 4, IS9B, Inez
S., beloved wife of the late M. K. Truett.
and sister of Mrs. W. TV. Neal of Oakland
and J. C. Morgan of Santa Monica, a native
of New Orleans, aged .i 3 years.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 132 A Twelfth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
VOLSWINKLER— In this city. Decemb*^ 6,
1898, Katharine, beloved wife of Addbert Vols-
winkler, a native of Bayern. Germany, aged
43 years 9 months and 24 days.
WETJEN— In Alameda. Heronimus, husband of
Mary Wetjen, father of George Wet-
Jen, son of the late Katherine A.
Wetjen, and brother of Mrs. S. Gunther. Mrs.
L Probst, Mrs. Anna Flcken and Henry and
John Wetjen, a native of Germany, aged 63
>C t7The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from C. H.
Weaver's undertaking parlors. Park street,
Alameda.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:'EKI
- SO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln bchooL
Telephone South 80.
I. hTb. McA VOY. • Manager! . ■*:-. -.-a d
MCAVOY-V& 1 -- co., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 ' i
. 1235 Market st; .between Bth and Sta. |
£■■■■-.---.•'. ■■-->■ Telephone.' South 247. --•■:■ ■-■'•.: |
1115
MENTEL'S
SISTER
MINNIE
The Young Lady Is on Her
Way From Germany
to This City.
She Will Furnish Funds for a Vig
orous Prosecution of Her
Brother's Slayer.
A determined effort ■will be made by the
Bisters of the late William Mentel to
bring about the conviction of the woman
who shot him in Alameda last Thursday
evening. The Mentels are members of
an old, wealthy family in Germany, from
which will come funds that will material
ly assist in the prosecution of the dead
man's wife. Immediately after the trag
edy a cablegram was sent to Miss Minnie
Mentel in Hamburg conveying in a mini
mum of words the sad intelligence of ncr
brother's death. Minnie was his favorite
sister, and the news that ' throbbed over
land and under sea almost prostrated her.
But she immediately cabled back that she
would start as soon as possible for San
Francisco. In all probability she 'would
be accompanied by her uncle, a wealthy
retired merchant of Hamburg. His name
is Louis Koch, a relative of the celebrated
Dr. Koch, a consumption specialist of
several years ago. Being a widower and
childless he adopted Minnie, making her
the principal heiress-presumptive of his
property. It is his intention to assist fin
ancially in the prosecution of his nephew's
■layer.
The friends of the deceased, of whom
he appears to have had a large number
in this city, are gathering evidence tend
ing to establish the fact that it was al
most morally and physically impossible
that Mantel could have abused or even
threatened to do his wife bodily harm.
He is said to have been as gentle as a
lamb and as timid as a schoolgirl. It is
claimed that his wife drove him into mat
rimony with a revolver, and held that
potent weapon over his head till the day
she shot him with it.
Prominent among those who make this
statement is John Dixon. 106 Powell street,
who waa thi- most intimate friend of the
deceased. He loaned Mentel money for
fares to San Josh, whither the couple
went to be married, and he was the last
aintfUice to speak to the pair when
they started for Alameda on that fatal
Thursday afternoon. Mr. Dixon will
state <>n the witness stand that Mrs. Men
tel, moved by her fierce and unreasonable
jealousy, menaced her husband with her
revolver till the timid fellow was in dead
ly fear for his life.
'Dr. Connor. 602 Sutter street, stated that
a week after the marriage Mentel came
to his office for safety. It was about 7
o'clock in the evening, and the young man
was frightened almost out of his few
wits. His wife was after him, he saad.
and would shoot him on sight. Presently
they saw from th^ doctor's office window
a female, her form enveloped in a dark
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Instantly Relieved by
a Warm Bath
with
and a single anointing with
CUTICURA, purest of mml.
lients and greatest of skin
cures. This is the most
speedy, permanent and eco-
nomical treatment for tor-
turing, disfiguring, itching,
burning, bleeding, scaly,
pimply and crusted skin,
scalp and blood humors,
with loss of hair.
rT'TIfURA SOAP, because of its delicate
emollient properties, 1b the most soothing, puri-
fying and refreshing application for rashes, ir-
ritations, chafinus. inflammations undue or
offensive perspiration, as well as for many other
Banative uses.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
CCHA BOAP, 25c; CUTICURA (ointment), 50c.
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole
Props., Boston. British Depot, 1 King Eilward
■t.. I»ondon. Depot Francaie, 113 Faubourg St.
Honore. Paris. Send for "Face. Hands and
Walr Book," mailed free.
11 ce O a a k theta te her Statl °" On the sidewalk
thl\ e Tw^ h h& erin .? ly told Dr - Connor
office, from the window of which he
watched the woman keep a lonely md
him scurrying up the street for s\e was
thhVk%h^° rable 'r said th * doctor. P "I
and out of all reason in her demands
' Aiameda. He. was employed in this city
; and the price of his ferry tickets was an
item of considerable moment to t^f
oTVhf faoh h f ?"°^- He^nTade'nosecret
listen to it. I advised him to use a little
diplomacy to treat her pentlv. acqu esce
in her wishes and v'J. necessary for his
; safety, when Dr. d'Evelvn sent for him.
! I'snt out without the formality of a
, good-by. and make it all right when he
!B. t^hTl '-? Calif °™»a with g the doctor
■ But he had not tact, and their disagree-
Talk about her being afraid of him-she
weighs about 140 pounds and he no? over
" c ww u aS K So . s LlßhtL lßht that whp n hp Jock
-\f£ - H °bart he mounted at 92 pounds
without working off any weight Tod
Sloan's success as a Jockey fired the little
chap up to follow in his tracks "hut he in*
curred the displeasure of a trainer at the
stables and came back to San Francisco "
Mrs. J. L. Ansell, one of the sisters In
Alameda. is very ill. and has been in a
:^ r V O T.n physical state for some time.
She is still unaware that her brother is
, ead ,u and buried and her relatives are tax
; ing their powers of caution and secrccv to
keep the sad news from her. All refer
ences to the tragedy are carefully torn
from the newspapers- by the family cen
th ' bn?, 1 ny,n v,° n< ? Of the younger members of
LV ,. l : ou^; no d m *y learn and impart the
story. On the day of the funeral they
jv r .re put to their wits' ends to account to
• In invited friends for their absence at the
cemetery. She often asks for her broths
Will and wonders why he does not visit
the sick room as was his/custom
1o rs - T , Jam Kirwin. a sister living at
1211^ Powell street, in this city states
that the gold watch which her "broth"
wore and which contains his wife's pic
ture, once belonged to his father and is a
sacred keepsake in the family. The dead
man relatives fear that Mrs. Mentel will
SSSuH husband 6 as the Pr ° Perty ° f her
, Mrs. Anna Mentel has not recovered
fully from the shock she experienced a
week ago when she found that she hart
not committed suicide but had murdered
her husband. Dr. Porter has ordered that
she be kept quiet and that her visitors
be limited. Her mother is an almost daily
caller at the prison, and spends hours
with her daughter. Her father has also
visited the prisoner several times.
Although she has been formally charged
with murder, no day has been set for her
arraignment. The fact that the Coroner's
jury did not charge Mrs. Mentel with the
crime is regarded as significant, as it will
doubtless be used by her counsel to try to
secure her discharge at the preliminary
examination.
SUICIDE WHILE INSANE.
John O'Connor, an Aged Laborer,
Swallows Carbolic Acid and
Dies on the Sidewalk.
I John O'Connor, a laborer, 60 years old,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon in
such a manner as to warrant the belief
that he was insane. He walked from his
lodgings at 211 Fourth street toMavhew's
drug store and purchased a quantity of
I carbolic acid. Then he walked across the
street, halted on the sidewalk for a mo
ment, swallowed the corrosive poison and
fell to the sidewalk, expiring almost im
mediately.
While on his way to the drug store he
j -"£---=£ Cs'srss Ms. rf y r ~ his landlord, and
in response to a qife'stToh by :;ni- L - In
said he was feeling pretty well. O'Connor
: was a heavy drinker, ami it is believed
: that he was suffering from delirium tre
' mens when he . made, away with himself.
! He was a widower and a brother of Dan
! iel O'Connor, contractor.
Itching Scalp and Dandruff.
One application of Smith's Dandruff
Pomade stops itching scalp; 3 to 6 re
movp all dandruff. At all druggists.
Sample free. Address Smith Bros., Fres
no, Cal. •
His Sleep Disturbed.
Thomas Dolan, who gives his occu
pation as a barkeeper, was arrested yes
terday afternoon and bonked at the City
Prison' on a charge of assault to commit
murder. He was eating a meal in the
Morning Call restaurant, 307 Sixth street,
and fell asleep. The proprietor, Chris
Radovan, awakened him and he became
abusive. Radovan ordered him to leave
the place, but he refused, and Radovan
attempted to eject him. During the scuf
fle Dolan drew a knife out of his pocket
and slashed Radovan twice on the neck.
The wounds were slight. This is not the
first time Dolan has oeen in trouble with
the police.
We stamp your name in gold letters on
our gold and silver mounted pocketbooks,
card and letter cases, billbooks, memor
andums, diaries, lap tablets, traveling
sets, valises and chatelaine bags. San
bom, Vail & Co., Til Market street *
THE SAN FRAtf CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1898.
MOORE STILL
PERSECUTING
MRS, PICKENS
Succeeds in Forcing
Her to Resign.
MEANEST ACT OF HIS CAREER
BEFUSES TO AUDIT WARRANT
FOR HER DECEMBER SALARY.
How the Special Treasury Agent Once
Managed to Secure a Feast at
the Expense of Sam
Buddell.
Major Horace A. Moore, special agent
of the Treasury Department, has suc
ceeded in driving Mrs. Pickens.thestenog
rapher in his office whom he attempted
to add to his list of victims, from the
position which enabled her to support
herself and little ones.
As chief of the office Major Moore in
dorses the salary warrant of his clerical
force. Monday Major Moore issued the
warrants, but although the lady was
regularly employed in his office and had
worked since the first of the month Moore
refused point blank to sign her warrant.
Without it she could not draw her salary,
and not having discovered the office suffi
ciently congenial to warrant her in work
ing without pay Mrs. Pickens resigned.
When she handed ,in her resignation
Mtiore told her he intended to fight her
through the newspapers. His threat did
not frighten the little woman, for she
pluckily replied that he would better find
out how many papers would support his
cause before he attempted anything of
that sort.
Mrs. Pickens talked readily yesterday
about Moore's attack upon her. and said
that as soon as she escaped from him she
went up to Bert Schlesinger's office and
asked him to protect her. Schleslnger
was then Assistant United States District
Attorney and had proved himself <•
stanch friend of the helpless woman on
a previous occasion. He counseled her tv
return to her duties.
Mrs. Pfckena says that last Monday, the
day The Call first narrated Moore's mis
deeds, a reporter on one of the morning
papers, who is on exceedingly friendly
terms with Moore, abused her roundly for
having charges preferred against the
major and sought to browbeat her into
admitting them untrue. She would not
be intimidated, however. Though driven
| from Moore's office Mrs. Pickens will not
vwSor, fa? 'riir:ds have already secured
her a better position.
Since The Call's exposure of Major
Moore innumerable stories of his miscon
duct are in circulation.
Around the Custom House, the em
ployes, without exception, say there was
nothing too mean for the major to stoop
to. and one story told on Sam Ruddell,
former deputy collector under W. D. Eng
lish, fairly illustrated the kind of man
Moore is. The story is true in every par
ticular. On one occasion Moore insisted
that Ruddell become his guest at lunch.
On the way up the street Ruddell asked
Moore in to have an appetizer, and the
deputy took a cocktail. At the restau
rant the major requested Ruddell to order
luncheon. Ruddell selected a pair of
sprigs. When the fowls were finally
served Ruddell ordered a small bottle of
Burgundy, while the major called for a
lemonade sweet.
Luncheon disposed of, Major Moore
arose from his seat without taking the
check for the meal, an oversight Ruddell
corrected. Not only that, but Sam later
bought the cigars for the two.
Fitzgerald's Body Recovered.
The body of John Fitzgerald, the boiler
maker who fell overboard from the wharf
at the Intersection of Spear and Bryant
streets last Monday night, was recovered
yesterday morning. It was taken to the
Morgue.
Lipton's world-famefl teas. Free sam
ples all December. Macdonald's, 1120 Mar
ket. •
TEN JURORS IN
A SINGLE DAY
Unlooked-for Progress in Ob
taining a Panel in the
Botkin Murder Case.
Prosecution Will Put Its First Witness on the
Stand This Afternoon-Dunning and the De
fendant Face to Face, but No Recog
nition-Court Proceedings.
JURORS SO FAR SECURED.
T. H. CHANDLER, Tea and Coffee Merchant, 128 Market street.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, Real Estate, 26 Montgomery street.
J. F. KENNEDY, Lumber Dealer, 405 Montgomery street.
S. K. OVERGARD, with Stein, Simon & Co., Market and Second
streets.
S. H. DANIELS, Exchange Teller, Bank of California.
M. MARCUSE, Importer, 125 Sansome street.
ABE JACOBS, Merchant Tailor, 1200 Market street.
W. B. HARRINGTON, Secretary San Francisco Red Cross Society.
J. F. MEYERS, Hardware Merchant, 1047 Market street.
JACOB HE v :HAN, Real Estate, 11 Montgomery street.
Ten of the twelve jurymen required to
pass judgment on the evidence to be pre
sented for and against Mrs. Cordelia Bot-
Even the Gallery Was Filled With
Spectators.
kin, accused of murdering: Mary Elizabeth
Dunning, were secured yesterday in
Judge Carroll Cook's court. Nine of these
were sworn In before the noon recess. In
all probability the jury will be completed
at this morning's session, and, after the
opening statement by Assistant District
Attorney Hosmer, the taking of testi
mony will begin thsi afternoon.
The personnel of the jury as far as se
lected is a guarantee that Mrs. Botkin
will secure a fair and impartial trial and
that justice, based upon testimony, will be
given her. Few juries are composed of as
representative men as those who have
given their oaths to perform their duty in
this case.
The proceedings yesterday, while wholly
formal, were watched intently by the
large crowd which filled the court room.
The appearance of John P. Dunning, with
Chief Lees, soon after court opened, sent
a thrill of expectancy through the audi
ence, all of whom expected a highly dra
matic scene when he came face to face
with his former paramour, whom he now
accuses of murdering his wife. Both the
principals in this tragic trial were pre
pared for this ordeal, which was sure to
come, and they suppressed all manifesta
tion of the turbia feelings which must
have surged within them. But the great
er strain is impending. When Dunning
takes the witness stand and tells under
oath all the salacious details of. his rela
tionß with the defendant it will be
strange, indeed, if a scene seldom wit
nessed in a court room is not enacted.
Ex-Congressman Pennington, father of
the murdered woman, was also an inter
esting and interested spectator at
the trial yesterday. He could not
restrain his curiosity to see the woman
who had caused his son-in-law to vio
late his sacred marriage vows and who
is now before the bar of justice awaiting
a decision which may condemn her as the
wanton murderess of his children. Mr.
Pennington gazed intently at Mrs. Botkin
every time he got an oportunity to see her
features, and when court took a recess at
noon he waited in the corridor to get a
square look at her, and his impressions
were neither favorable to her nor compli
mentary to Dunning's taste.
Several of the Delaware witnesses also
attended court yesterday and watched the
proceedings with evident Interest. Drs.
Down, Wolf and Bishop accompanied Mr.
Pennington and as soon as their identity
became known they were the center of in
terest to curious spectators. They were
not as surprised at the rapid progress in
securing a jury as were the Californians
present, as the Delaware courts do not
waste any time In trial preliminaries.
Mrs. Botkin, attired in black, and her
sister were almost the first persons in the
court room. The defendant's anpearance
is not as healthful as when she was ar
rested. Lack of fresh air has given her
an unwonted pallo- and she seems to lack
the vitality and vivacity which were her
predominant characteristics when she
was first accused of the crime for which
she is now on trial. She takes an active
interest in the court proceedings most of
the time, but frequently assumes an in
different attitude and lapses into an easy
position. When the jurors were interro
gated on their scruples as to inflicting
capital punishment on a woman she
scanned each face intently, and when the
talesman declares he is already convinced
of her guilt she looks at him with defiant
scorn.
Once yesterday she seemed to feel the
gravity of her position. When Assistant
District Attorney Hosmer told the tales
men they were to be examined on their
fitness to pass judgment on "Mrs. Corde
lia Botkin, who sits here, charged with
administering poison which caused the
death of Mary Elizabeth Dunning." she
dropped her head on her hand, remaining
with her head bowed until the prosecu
tor had completed reading the indictment.
All the witnesses in the case have been
ordered to be present at 2 p. m. to-day.
Unless present plans are changed John B.
Pennington will be the first witness to
testify for the prosecution.
Attorney Knight for the defense said
last night that the trial would be over in
a week. He will make every effort toward
a rjulck trial, as he feels absolutely cer
tain the defendant will be acquitted. Mr.
Knight denies the report published in an
afternoon paper that he will withdraw
from the case as soon as the jury is
completed. He will continue in charge of
the defense until the case is finally dis
posed of.
Promptly at 10 o'clock Judge Cook en
tered the court room and Bailiff Wheeler
rapped for order. Mrs. Botkin, her sis
ter and Attorneys Knight and Wheeler
had taken their seats in front of the bar
several minutes before the hour set for
the beginning of the trial. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Hosmer arrived a moment
behind the Judge and he was followed an
instant later by Chief of Police Lees and
J. P. Dunning, the principal witness for
the prosecution. Dunning passed direct
ly behind the woman accused of poisoning
his wife and took a seat immediately in
front of the jury box. in plain view of his
former inamorata and the whole audience
He was recognized by a number of peo
ple and a subdued buzz which followed his
appearance caused every eye to turn in
his direction. Then a couple of hundred
inquisitive glances were alternately fo
cused on him and on the defendant" who
sat with downcast eyes, gazing abstract
edly at the ribbing on the back of her
gloves. Mrs. Botkin looked up at this
interesting juncture and saw Dunning co
suiting with the prosecuting officer. At
the same instant Dunning raised his eves
and squarely met the quizzical glance' of
the woman, once his friend, but no sign
of recognition was apparent on either of
their faces. Neither of the principals
in the sensational trial showed any per
turbation or gave any indication of ner
vousness at the approaching ordeal which
both must go through.
Mrs Botkin, in response to a whispered
question from Lawyer Wheeler, nodded
affirmatively at Dunning, who was look
ing toward the gallery. Wheeler nudged
Knight and the two legal luminaries
scornfully scrutinized the man who will
™it\,M?vi f ha l" eful stalls of his relations
with their client and why he believes she
may be a murderess.
While this silent and semi-dramatic
Rcene was being enacted the court officials
were busy preparing to proceed with the
preliminaries of the selection of a a jury
Judge Cook ordered spectators to take
seats in the gallery, and leave the down
stairs seats for jurymen. As soon as or
der was restored his Honor formally call
ed the case.
T. T " R ?? dy> " answ ered Oeorge Knight, and
Mr. Hosmer did likewise, adding that At
torney General R. H. White of Delaware
had arrived in the city, and he wished
* m », /i b bc, c associated in the prosecution
of the defendant. The defense acquiesced
In the request, and a few moments later
when Mr. White entered, he was formally
introduced to the court, and took a seat
beside Mr. Hosmer. Court Clerk Tolle
called the roll of the talesmen who had
been summoned for jury duty, and the
majority of them answered present
Twelve talesmen took seats in the 'jury
box, and the prosecuting attorney arose
and read the formal indictment charjrmsr
C , or 2r elia litt kln . with the willful mun"?
of Mary Elizabeth Dunning. Mrs. Bot
kin sat with bowed head while the in
dictment was being read, and when the
words "poison." "murder" and "death"
cH c / coe o. Utter % d »f he nervously drummed on
the arms of her chair. She remained In
a meditative attitude for several minutes
after the conclusion of this formality but
took renewed interest in the proceedings
menced examlnatl °n of jurors com-
In examining the talesmen as to their
fitness to serve as jurors in this famous
f, a i e> P r , osecu tor Hosmer asked each one
f he believed in capital punishment and
lf  . £, any conscientious -cruDles
against Inflicting the death penalty upon
a woman provided she was convicted of
murder. He also interrogated the jurors
on the consideration they would give cir
cumstantial evidence, and what weignt
would be given to that evidence as com
pared with direct testimony. With few
exceptions the answers were all satisfac
tory to the prosecution, and the juror was
turned over to the defense for examina
tion.
Usually In murder trials an out
line of the defense can be obtained
by the nature and Import of the
questions put to the jurors by the
defendant's counsel; but Attorney Kniglit
AD VERTIStMEN TS.
NEW GOODS
FOR
THE HOLIDAYS!
Our stock of NEW GOODS for the HOLIDAY TRADE
is now complete, and we are showing* a splendid assort-
ment of seasonable goods in all departments.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
90c, $1.50 and $2.25 Box.
Half Dozen in a Box.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND-
KERCHIEFS,
20c, 25c, 35c, up to $2.50 Each.
LADIES' PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC AND SHEER LAWN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.20, $1.50, $2, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.50. $2.40 and $3 Box.
Half Dozen in a Box.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.75, $2.40, $3, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
35c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS,
$1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SPECIAL.
150 dozen LADIES' SHEER LINEN EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, in a splendid variety of patterns,
50c Each.
SPECIAL.
300 dozen EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns,
15c Each.
A large variety of CHILDREN'S FANCY HANDKERCHIEFS, In
NOVELTY BOXES,
20c, 25c, 30c and 50c Box.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
did not indicate his policy in this case.
His questions led to the belief that ne
would be satisfied with any twelve im
partial citizens who had not formed opin
ions which required the defendant to in
troduce evidence of her innocence before
the people's case was submitted. His ex
aminations were short and incisive, and
there was no bickering over questions
propounded by either side.
Every man in the jury box during the
day admitted having read the extraaition
proceedings in the newspapers, and quite
a number admitted having formed unal
terable opinions that Mrs. Botkin is guil
ty. These men were, of course, excused,
W. S. Kittle, the first talesman exam
ined, said he was a classmate of J. P.
Dunning in college, and that he had been
an intimate friend of his wife. He was
excused by consent.
Five jurors were accepted and sworn in
out of the first twelve who entered the
box, and when the noon recess was taken
nine citizens had taken an oath to give
the defendant a fair and impartial trial,
and also to give her the benefit of a rea
sonable doubi as required by law. The
remarkably rapid progress made in se
curing a jury in so celebrated a case was
extremely pleasing to all concerned and
was also the subject of favorable com
ment by attorneys and others who had
gone to Judge Cook's court expecting the
usual wrangle and delay in getting twelve
men who would be satisfactory to both
prosecution and defense. During the
forenoon session the people used five of
the ten peremptory challenges allowed,
while the defense used only one, though
they are entitled to twenty. When a ju
ror was challenged by either side Judge
Cook would take him in hand and en
deavor to ascertain why opinion had been
formed or why circumstantial evidence
would not be considered. His Honor felt
that the reasons given were mere sub
terfuges to evade serving on the jury
and only when compelled to do so under
the law did he excuse the individual.
At 12 o'clock.after admonishing the nine
jurors who had been sworn in not to talk
about the Botkin case and not to read the
case in the papers, Judge Cook declared
a recess until 2 p. m. Promptly on the
moment his Honor took his seat and or
dered the case to proceed. But Mr.
Knight was tardy and his Honor sent the
bailiff to call him. He arrived in three
or four minutes, but Mr. Hosmer was still
absent. Judge Cook ordered Attorney Gen
eral AVhlte to proceed with the examina
tion of jurors. The latter demurred .saying
he preferred that Mr. Hosmer should con
duct the case.
"Mr. Hosmer knows the court convenes
at 2 o'clock." emphatically declared his
Honor, "and I will not tolerate any delay
of this sort. Proceed, Mr. White."
Mr. White was taken conipleielv by
surprise, and was at a loss how to begin.
He is not familiar with the Caiilomta
method of drawing a jury, which is quite
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
The Names and 
Faces of Your Inl^^^.r
Friends.... [I^r^^
! Will ■ look well and be a well-pre- \E-^ '"^i^lL ' JL
served memory within ' the covers I Ki^ A /
of these books: f \\ ' ~~\
ALBUMS—
Celluloid front and back, plush I
binding, for cabinets and cards we
Celluloid front and back, fancy
front; size, 6^x10%; for cabinets and .
cards W. V »• * ia)
An elegant line, with illustrations
of warships or admirals on front __
cover; decorated leaves.. s2 50 and $Z io
Something particularly fine, finished I
in jewel and gilt front.... s3 50 to $o 00^
AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS—
Fal ! Cy . . CellU ! Ol . d . .° r . Pl . U 25 h c, C^ C !lc; -75c
Fine leather covers 75c $1, $150
Fane^ P co^ K5 7...10c. 15c. 20c 25c 35c
ExtVa bound 40c, 50c, 65c. 83c. $1 10
For Postal Cards 2ac, 3ac oOd
WILL & FINCK CO.,
hl^p^o-mptlv. 818-820 Market Street.
different from the Delaware system. He
asked two or three questions which ha
remembered had been used by Mr. Hos->
mer and was compelled to turn to George
Knight for assistance. Knight prompted
the Delaware official on formal questions,
and together they managed to kill time
until Mr. Hosmer arrived and relieved
his associate of further embarrassment
and responsibility.
The progress made during the morning
session did not continue during the after
noon, only one additional juror being se
cured. A score or more of talesmen were
t:xamined, but they proved unsatisfactory
and were either challenged or excused by
consent. During the day each side used five
peremptory challenges, the prosecution
not using any in the afternoon. Those
challenged by the prosecution were: John
Quardt, C. M. Levy, L. F. Fogg. J. .k.
Wilson and C. S. Bassett, all because of
their disposition to disregard circumstan
tial evidence unless it was absolutely in
controvertible. The defense challenged D.
Bloch because of an opinion already
formed as to the defendant's guilt; G. G.
Wickson. because he thought a Grand
Jury's indictment was a strong indication
of guilt; Charies Mattheas. for bias; E. J.
Sohultz, for bias, and D. M. Farnsworth,
by courtesy of Mr. Knight.
Among the men who were examined but
got out of serving for one cause or an
other were: Rolla V. Watt, who was
prejudiced against the defense; Jacob
Gordon, defective hearing; F. "W. Wright,
opposed to capital punishment; B. J.
Gunn, prejudice; J. K. Prior, opposed to
conviction on circumstantial evidence;
Charles Brown, opposed to capital pun
ishment: A. W. Moore, would not inflict
death penalty on a woman: Colonel A. G.
Hawes, opinion already formed: J. K.
Wilson. Henry Lackmann. Oliver Eld
ridge, W. S. Duval, J. F. Moran. Colonel
George Stone, A. C. Bush. William M.
Weil, John H. Grady and others because
they had read the newspapers and had
formed opinions.
At 3:20 the names in the jury box were
exhausted and a recess was taken until
10 a. m. to-day. Before adjourning Judge
Cook said that 25 or SO talesmen who had
been summoned had not answered and he
believed the jury could be completed
without another venire being ordered.
Clerk Tolle was directed to notify all the
absentees to be in court this morning.
Among the talesmen who failed to re
spond when their names were called were:
Thomas Magoe, G. H. T'mbsen. B. M.
Johnson. W. M. Frank. S. Jacobs J. S.
Conrad. James V. Coleman. V. Cronin,
Alexander Hamilton. Loulfl Gerstle, E._U .
Hopkins. James T.. King. James J. Ed
monds. L. Michaels. Henry Boyle. Max
Goldman. F. L. Hunter N. K. Mast en
B. Born, George Newhall and Stewart
Rev J B Hammond was summoned as
a juror, but claimed exemption and was
excused.
TRIPLICATE MIRRORS—
German plate, nickel frame; size,
7x9V4 ......•• •••• — ................. $1 50
French plate, oak frame, 7Vix7%..52 25
French plate, celluloid panels — $2 50
French plate, oak frame, fancy cel-
luloid panels, B^xlo% ............ $3 75
9VSx9% ..;.:....... ......$4 75 and $5 00
Revolving - Shaving . Mirror, , white
metal frame, 4x6 ...Jl 00
Fancy Standing Mirror, 12 inches
high ...............$2 75
French Plate Diamond-shape Mir-
ror, 7%x7%;" German gold-plated
fancy- metal ; frame; stands 17
• inches high .........../.......•... $3 75
Aluminum Comb. Brush and Mirror
sets, with decorated back 5 : ..... .:. < v
.................... ...$1 50, $3 00, $4 00