VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 112.
THE PRESIDENT
LOOKS FOR PEACE
WITH SLIGHT HOPE
Assured by Leaders in Congress
That He Will Not Be Embar
rassed by the Hot
Heads.
NEW YORK, March 21.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
Nothing short of reparation for the
Maine disaster and the termination of
(\ Spanish sovereignty in Cuba will satis
fy the majority of the men in Congress.
These results are what the President
expected to obtain peaceably, if pos
sible, by war, if necessary. It does not
follow, however, that Congress will
drive the President and the country into
war. There is a conservative element
in both houses in favor of going slow
and resorting to war only if it is thrust
upon the United States by Spain. In
the conservative element are included
the leaders of the House and many of
the members, influential men in the
Senate on both sides of the chamber.
Speaker Reed will stand in the House
like a stone wall against any hasty and
ill-timed action, and in the Senate ad
vantage will be tak-n by the conserva
tives, if necessary, of their power of de
laying action by unlimited debate.
Even among the political opponents
of the administration there are con
servative men who deprecate any effort
to play politics with such a situation as
now confronts the country and to trust
everything to the President, unham
pered by any criticisms or suggestions
from Congress as long as he proceeds,
as they believe he wili, in a manner in
keeping with the honor and dignity of
the United States.
On the other hand, if they believe the
President is trying to use the Spanish
situation for political purposes on his
side, there will be a determined effort
on the part of the Democrats to have
Congress take the whole matter out of
his hands and pass a resolution calling
for intervention to stop the war in
Cuba.
As to immediate action, a great deal
will depend upon the nature of the re
port of the Court of Inquiry and the
message which the President sends to
Congress in transmitting it. It is ex
pected the President will inform Con
gress in his message of the diplomatic
representations which he has made to
Spain, and will say that when the reply
from the Spanish Government has been
received he will communicate further.
Under the rules a message would be
referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations in the Senate and to the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs in the House.
There has been some talk among oppo
nents of the administration of opposing
this reference and bringing on a debate
at once on the President's Cuban policy,
but it is improbable that this will be
done. The Democratic leaders with
whom I talked to-day told me that the
message would be allowed to take its
usual course without opposition unless
it should be apparent that the President
was attempting to delay matters so as
to carry the question over for its effect
on the fall elections.
Chairman Davis of the Senate Com
mittee on Foriegn Relations has long
believed that armed intervention by the
United States would be necessary to
.end the war in Cuba, but no one real
izes more fully than he the responsi
bilities and difficulties with which the
The San Francisco Call
FORT TAYLOR, KEY WEST.
THE SPANISH
CENSORSHIP
VERY STRICT.
■ Copyrighted, lS9g, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MADRID. March 21. — The
strictest censorship has been sud
denly developed as regards dis-.
patches containing: any mention
of the torpedo squadron now at
the Canaries.
!Last night my dispatch of con
siderable length was stopped be
cause at the end there was a
statement, published by one of
the papers, that the Cristobal
one of the strongest war
ships of the Spanish navy, had
ieen ordered to coal with the ut
most rapidity at Cartagena and
start for the Canaries, there to
ioin the squadron, accompany
ng 1 it on its further journey as
?scort.
It appears the statement was
lot accurate, or, if so, that the
)lans have been altered, for now
he Government says Captain
nilamit has asked for another
nerchant vessel, not a warship.
President is surrounded, and he will
not favor any action in his committee
that will tend in any way to embarrass
the President in attempting to reach a
peaceful solution of the situation. He
would be glad if the President can suc
ceed on these lines, but feels it would be
impossible.
The House Committee on Foreign
Affairs, presided over by Representative
Hitt of Illinois, can be depended upon
to take conservative action. There are
some hotheads among its members on
both sides, but Chairman Hitt and Rep
resentative Dinsmore of Arkansas, the
leading Democrat on the committee,
both very conservative, and they will
be able to withstand any efforts to have
the committee act rashly or without full
consideration of the results that may
follow.
In order to be prepared fully for the
future the administration began to-day
filling up all the pitholes in the path of
peace. It is to be expected the country
will flame with excitement when the
report of the Maine Court of Inquiry
comes in. The aim is to keep the ex
citement from doing harm.
As Speaker Reed puts it in his quaint
way, "It is desirable to guard against
an inside explosion in Congress even if
there is an outside explosion."
Therefore, while all phases of this
great international problem touchine
the honor and happiness of the two na
tions have been discussed to-day, the
one that overshadows all others in
momentary importance has been the
necessity of precautions in Congress to
prevent the first false step and the mis
carriage of matured plans. President
McKinley and Speaker Reed have had
one of their very rare meetings, and
the result is that the situation is easier.
In the first place, the President did not
know, before he saw Mr. Reed, how the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
UNITED STATES MILITARY BARRACKS AT KEY WEST.
House would take the report on the
Maine. The President does not know
how emphatic the report will be. nor
does he know what circumstantial evi
dence the Board of Inquiry may have
as to the agency that caused the blow
ing up of the Maine.
He knows there are many men in
Congress who want war under all con
ditions, and he feared that action might
be taken which would seriously compli
cate the situation.
Speaker Reed assured the President,
it is believed, that when the Maine re
port is transmitted it will be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
the House and held there until the Unit
ed States can make its representations
to Spain and Spain can reply.
Vice-President Hobart and a large
number of Senators have said the same
thing for the Senate, and it has become
certain there are influential men in both
houses, representing both parties, who
will speak and work for delay.
The dampening of the Congressional
powder , magazine has had a good ef
fect, and it is hoped that wise diplo
macy may be allowed to run its course.
The general question of Cuba has
also been much discussed. The Presi
dent is firm in his determination to act
in this matter, either in connection with
the- Maine question 01 just after it is
out of the way. His mind to-day has
been running on the question of recosr
nizing the independence of Cuba in
conjunction with England and some of
the South American republics. This
sroposition has been very seriously en-
tertained. I have reason to believe that
the President has been considerably
shaken in his view that it is practicable.
He has had before him to-day all pre
cedents, and he finds that never before
was there a case like this. Heretofore
there has always been a Government
with a capital to recognize.
In addition to this, such men as Sena
tor Davis and Reoresentative Hitt have
declared their emphatic disapproval of
the recognition of independence. Sena
tor Davis says the only thing we can
do is to intervene by force of arms.
Representative Hitt is in favor of
letting Cuba alone. The President is
determined that, come what may, the
United States shall continue to send re
lief to the reconcentrados. If Spain
withdraws her consent relief will co
just the same. He believes that by
doing this and improving the condition
of the sufferers the Government will de
prive the jingoes of one of their prin
cipal war arguments and also provide
FOR RECOGNITION
OF INDEPENDENCE
WASHINGTON, March 21.—
Representative King of Utah
introduced to-day the following
joint resolution recognizing the
independence of Cuba:
Resolved, by the Senate and
House of Representatives, That
the republic of Cuba, having es
tablished and maintained an in
dependent Government, capable
of performing its duties, foreign
and domestic, which appertain
to independent governments, and
it appearing that there is no
longer any reasonable prospect
of the success of the prosecution
of war by Spain against said
state it is expedient and proper
and in conformity with the laws
of nations and the practice of
this Government in like cases,
that the Independent political
existence of said state be ac
knowledged by the Government
of the United States.
more time for the working out of a
peaceful solution of the Cuban prob
lem.
Thus it will be seen that the President
wants more time. He no longer wants
time to prepare for hostilities, because
he believes that we are ready for any
contingency now, or will be ready at
the rate work is being rushed, but he
wants time to avoid war and procure a
peaceful and honorable outcome. He
told all his callers to-day that he was
well aware of fhe difficulties that con
front him, but to no one did he intimate
that he saw a way out. That is what he
is looking for. and he will continue to
look for until he receives all the facts
in the Maine report. Then, if there is
no way out, he will act in two days.
SPAIN WILL APPEAL
TO THE POWERS.
The President Hopes to Sway the
Dons oy the Moral Effect of
Recognition.
NEW YOBK, March 21.— A spe
cial to the Herald from Washington
says: The semi-official announce
ment from Madrid that Spain wil re
fuse to accept any finding by the
American Court of Inquiry as to the
Continued on Second Pace.
BELIEVE THAT WAR
WITH SPAIN CAN
HARDLY BE AVOIDED
Report of the Court of Inquiry on the
Maine Disaster Will Reach Congress
Possibly on Thursday.
Then, if Spain Is Blamed, Sagasta Will Resent the
Imputation and the Critical Time Will
Come for the Nations.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 21.
The impression is now gen
eral in Washington that war
can scarcely be avoided.
Senator Morgan, who is us
ually conservative, said to
night: "It is inevitable. War
is sure to come. 1 have felt
for two years that it would be
the ultimate result of Spain's
policy toward the Cubans and
I feel more certain of it now
than I ever have before."
Representative Hilborn of
California, who, by reason of
his position as a member of
the Naval Affairs Committee,
is in closer touch with Secre
tary Long, said to-night:
"Thesituation is graver than
it has been at any time."
Everything is now ready for the
reception of the report from the
Maine board. The details of the
method to be pursued in handling
that report were agreed upon at a
conference held at the White House
this morning — a most significant
conference it was, when all the cir
cumstances surrounding it are tak
en into consideration.
The report will not reach Con
gress before Thursday. An offi
cial declaration to this effect was
made to-night. It may not be sent
to Congress even on Thursday,
though the present indications are
that it will be.
There is no disposition, as mat
ters stand now, to keep the report
itself and all matters pertaining to
it from Congress. It was for the
purpose of finding out what the
House would do — how far the
House could be held in check —
that Speaker Reed "/as invited to
confer with the President this
morning. Mr. Reed went to the
White House about n o'clock and
was in consultation with the Presi
dent, Secretary Long and Chair
man Hitt of the House Committee
on Foreign Affairs for half an hour.
The only point of importance
discussed at this conference was
as to whether the Speaker would
be able to suppress the jingoes so
as to prevent hasty and incon
siderate action. The Speaker was
given to understand that the report
would indicate an external explo
sion, but that the board had failed
SPAIN WILL REFUSE
TO ACCEPT BLAME FOR
THE MAINE'S DESTRUCTION
MADRID, March 21.— 1 am in position to Inform you— and it may
be useful just now in connection with the political calculations of
the immediate future — that the Spanish Government will refuse to
accept any finding of the Maine commission which may suggest
Spanish responsibility. What is more, this intention is known to the
United States Government.
The Spanish Ministerial view is that the imputation which the
finding would have, if admitted, would be an irremovable blemish
upon Spain's reputation as a civilized country which she could not
possibly bear. If the report of the commission throws blame upon-
Spain which would carry with it a call for indemnity, the Govern
ment will forthwith make an appeal to the combined European
powers on the plea of equity and common fairness to intervene in
favor of Spain against what every Spaniard would esteem a mon
strous and iniquitous finding.
It is hoped that under such circumstances the United States will
agree to the appointment of a neutral court of naval constructors who
could carry out their work with perfectly unbiased minds, a condi
tion almost impossible to officers of the United States, who would
naturally seek to exonerate their service from all blame, and who,
without doubt, look upon Spain as an enemy.
It may be stated, however, that the Ministry still clings to the
thought that the commission cannot possibly return a verdict other
than one that the explosion was accidental.
to find any evidence directly in
volving the representatives of the
Spanish Government in the de
struction of the big ship. It was
pointed out that in view of such a
report it would be necessary to
present the situation to Spain
through the ordinary diplomatic
channels, but that pending a reply
from Spain the House must take no
action.
The Speaker alluded to the
strong war feeling in the House,
but assured the President that
there would be no hasty action.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
"Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Tuesday: continued
cold weather; . northwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco ". 54 degrees
Portland 44 degrees
Los Angeles ........60 degrees
San Diego ."..60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Hoping Vainly for Peace. .
War Thought to Be Inevitable.
SECOND PAGE.
Father and Daughter Reunited.
Senator Thurston on Intervention.;
Spanish Editor's Challenge Accepted.
Relief for Spain's Victims. -
Havana Flooded With False Reports.
Ships for a Flying Squadron.
Senator Chandler Is for War.
THIRD PAGE.
Sampson May Succeed Slcard.
Boss Rea's Ticket Named.
Is Dunham In Mexico? ,
Fight for a Miser's Gold.
Railway Men In Session. -
FOURTH PAGE.
Late Advices From Dawaon,
Gold-Seekers Not Numerous.
Sam Wall on Dividing Alaska^
Struck Gold at Cloverdale.
Clark Blames the Woman.
War In Santa Fe Management. ; : ..p%'
Fatal Fire at Butte.
Capture of a Wild Man.
FIFTH PAGE. !
Croly's ; Assailants Jailed. -
A Laborer's Bad Fall. ■ .
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.:
About . Precedents.
Get There . First.
Naval Appropriations.
Varieties in Telephone Rates. .
Uniform Weights and Measure)*
Question of the Age.
When the Lightning Strikes.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Poolsellers Are Defeated.
Electric Meters Will Vary
: EIGHTH ; PAGE.
Ferris Hartman's Lightning Change.
Supervisors and Racing.
News of the Theaters.
Items Along the Water Front .
NINTH PAGE.
Recruits for the Artillery.
The Ministers' Meetings.
Slayer of President Barrios.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World. ' . ,'**
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Reception to D. H. Hastings. .
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleside. : -.-.'.
■ ■••" V. THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and ; Deaths.
iZ.'K-f. FOURTEENTH ' PAGE.
Swindles In : Street Work. .."'■
Irene Lynch ; May .Be '■ Found.
Attorney, Haymond Confesses.'
Catholics Want a Free Press.
Death ; of ' R. E. Doyle. ;
The Kelso Divorce Case. ,"'."" '?}'•*. ■
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE REPORT EN ROUTE
Copyrighted, 189*. hy James Gordon
Bennett.
KEY WEST. Fla., March 21 -
Lieutenant - Commander Marix
Judge Advocate of the Naval
Court of Inquiry, came ashore
at 3 o clock this afternoon ac
companied by an armed orderly
from the lowa, who carried a
bulky package of official docu
ments. These documents were
at once turned over to Rear Ad
miral Sicard. Some persons be
lieve that the documents were
the full findings of the Court of
Inquiry.
Others, who knew that Captain
A. S. Barker had already started
north with important papers,
took a different view. Their
theory was that the package
contained blue prints, affida
vits and other pieces of docu
mentary evidence that had been
submitted to the Court. Lieuten
ant - Commander Marix when
questioned on this subject, re
fused to either deny or confirm
that the package contained the
report, but an officer from the
lowa said he had been informed
that the documents were the
long expected report of the
Maine disaster. The papers were
immediately examined by the
rear admiral and Commander
West. It is presumed that if
these documents are the anx
iously expected report will be
taken to Washington to-morrow
by Lieutenant - Commander
Marix.
NEW YORK, March 21.— A
Tampa (Fla.) special to the Her
ald says: Captain Albert S. Bar
ker, who arrived from Havana
and Key West, is known to have
had in his possession the pack
age of papers he brought off the
lowa, upon which Court of In
quiry has been holding Its ses
sions in Key West.
He said he felt sure there were
enough conservative men on both
sides of the House to hold down
th<*se who were inclined to pre
cipitate immediate debate, and that
if assurance was given that there
would be no unnecessary delay the
House could be relied upon to
send the report and accompanying
documents to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and to await the
report of that committee.
There is still uncertainty on one
important point in the administra
tion programme and that is whether
the papers bearing on the Maine
incident will be sent in by them
selves and be handled separately
from the general Cuban question,
or whether the two matters will be
submitted at the same time. In
dications point to the fcrmer meth
od of procedure. It is believed
that the reports of the Consuls in2
TIME FOR THE
INTERVENTION
OF UNCLE SAM
Senator Thurston Declares That
This Country Should at Once
Stop the Extermination
Tactics in Cuba.
OMAHA, March 21.— "1f the time for the intervention of the United
States in the affairs of Cuba is not here now it never will come," said
Senator Thurston to a reporter. "This morning I wired Senator Allen
to announce that I would speak on the Cuban question in the Senate
next Thursday."
The Senator says that the only solution of the trouble is inter
vention, unless the people of the United States want to look on and
see the work of starvation already so far advanced completed. The
reconcentrados are absolutely without hope, and if the death lists in
any part of the island are decreasing it is only because the material
for starvation to work upon is giving out. .All that the reconcen
trados can now do, with their homes and implements destroyed by
fire their little farms devastated and growing in weeds, their stock
driven off to furnish food for the Spanish soldiers, and themselves
emaciated and diseased, is to remain in their pens with a look of quiet
despair and take the little food that they can get, sent by the charity
of the United States.
It is perfectly true, says the Senator, that the insurgents practi
cally have the whole island. All that the Spanish hold is Havana, and
even while the Congressional party was there, there was fighting in
the suburbs of that city.
Senator Thurston was asked what effect intervention would have
in increasing the volume of the insurgent movement. He said that it
would have some effect in that directicm, for then the Cubans gener
ally would rise and declare themselves.
Cuba will be held back until there
is a reply from Spain concerning
the Maine. Some of those who are
closest to the President say he
will advocate intervention in the
interests of Cuban freedom; others
say that it will be nothing more
than a recognition of Cuban inde
pendence; while there are still
others, and among them several
leading Republicans of the Senate,
who are just as certain the Presi
dent has not made up his mind
what it will be.
There was an important confer
ence to-day at the Navy Depart
ment between Secretary Long,
Commander Schley, who is to
have charge of the flying squadron
at Hampton Roads, and Lieutent-
Commander Clover, who is at the
head of the Naval Intelligence Bu
reau. This is the secret • ser
vice of the Navy Department,
where records of the movements
of the battle-ships of every nation
are carefully kept. This confer
ence was for the purpose of per
fecting plans for the aggressive
handling of the flying squadron in
case the necessity should arise;
but, of course, the possible move
ments of that body are kept from
the public.
SIR CHARLES DILKE ON
THE IMPENDING WAR.
Declares That Japan Would Prob-
ably Be the Only Nation That
Might Interfere.
Copyrighted, 1!>S8. by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. March 12.— The Herald
correspondent interviewed Sir Charles
Dilke as to the relations between the
United States and Spain. He thought
that there was no doubt that if war
came the United States would more
than hold its own. He did not think
it possible that Spain would attempt
to blockade American ports. Asked as
to the attitude of other countries m
case of war Sir Charles said: "Japan
is perhaps the only nation that might
be tempted to interfere. She has not
fyund opportunities for expansion in
China that she expected, and war be
tween the United States and Spain
mieht tpmpt hf-r to grab the Philip
pines. I regard it as improbable that
England would in any way take part in
Buen a war officially. But the sympa
thies of England would all be with the
United States."
WHAT IS NEEDED TO
PREVENT STARVATION.
Dr. Klopsch Writes of the Terrible
Condition of Over Two Hundred
Thousand Reconcentrados.
NEW YORK, March 21.— Dr. Louis
Klopsch, now in Cuba in charge of the
American relief work, cables from Ha
vana, under date of March 21, to the
Christian Herald:
"The situation is simply this: Two
hundred and five thousand reconcen
trados in over 400 accessible towns are
helplessly destitute. Unless we can get
regularly, without a break, 300 tons of
cornmeal and 50 tons of lard or bacon
every week we cannot effectively re
lieve the suffering. Spasmodic and un
systematic efforts defeat all good in
tentions. Canned goods are useless and
condensed milk should be substituted.
Fifteen thousand dollars weekly will
feed every starving man, woman and
child in Cuba. Small, irregular ship
ments are only tantalizing."
CHIEF OF THE BUREAU
OF YARDS AND DOCKS.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The va
cancy which has existed in the office
of the Chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, Navy Department, since last
Tuesday, when the term of Rear Ad
miral E. O. Matthews expired, was
filled by the President to-day by the
appointment of Civil Engineer Morde
cai T. Endicott, for a term of four
years. In view of the probability of the
early construction of four or five new
drydocks this bureau becomes one of
the most important in the Navy De
partment. Mr. Endicott is an engineer
officer in high repute and is thoroughly
informed in regard to the matters
which come directly under the bureau
of which he will be the head. Aside
from this, his position as bureau chief
will make him a member of the gen
eral board which determines questions
of general policy relating to the navy.
He was a member of the Nicaragua
Canal Commission, of which Colonel
Ludlow was president, several years
ago, since which time he has been on
duty in the bureau of yards and docks.
The appointment of a civil engineer to
this position is a distinct innovation in
the naval service.
TO JOIN THE
NEW SQUADRON
Dynamite Cruiser Vesu-
vius May Proceed to
Hampton Roads.
Upon the Assembling of the
Flying Vessels Howell Is
to Take Command.
Now the Commodore Is Convoying
the Purchased Cruiser to the
United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 21.
Lieutenant-Commander J. E. Pills
bury, commanding the dynamite
cruiser Vesuvius, which has just ar
rived at the Washington navy yard
from Florida, was at the Navy Depart
ment to-day in conference with the of
ficials regarding the future of his
unique craft. The pneumatic gear used
in operating the dynamite tubes is un
dergoing repairs, which, it is calculated,
will take about two weeks' time. It is
conFidered probable, in view of the
speed power of the Vesuvius, that she
may be attached to the so-called flying
squadron, which it is alleged is soon to
assemble at Hampton Roads.
According to present plans the squad
ron will consist of the battleships Mas
sachusetts and Texas and the cruisers
Brooklyn, Minneapolis and Columbia.
The Vesuvius would be perfectly at
home in such company, being much
faster than either of the battleships
and nearly the equal in speed of the
pennant holders, the Minneapolis and
Columbia.
Although no orders to that effect
have been given, it is generally be
lieved in naval circles that Commo
dore Howell will be assigned to the
command of this fleet. He was recently
in command of a European squadron
which has just been abandoned by re
call to the United States of the three
vessels comprising it, the San Fran
cisco, Helena and Bancroft. Commo
dore Howell is now on the San Fran
cisco and will accompany her on her
cruise to the United Stales as the con
voy of the cruiser New Orleans, for
merly the Amazonas of the Brazilian
navy. It is expected that these vessels
will soon start from England on their
voyage across the Atlantic Ocean, and
the probabilities are that they will
make Hampton Roads their destina
tion. _^^_______
SPAIN PROCEEDS
WITH WAR PLANS
' Hurry Orders Given for Preparations
on Battleships and a Second Fly
ing Squadron to Be Formed.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Govern
! ment, says a Madrid dispatch, has
I given orders to hurry preparations on
; the battle-ships Pelayo, Emperador,
I Carlos A r , Numancia and Victoria, to
; enable them to join Admiral Cerveras'
1 squadron of evolution at Cartagena.
Another flying squadron is to be
formed at Cadiz with three torpedo
i vessels built in Spain, two destroyers
i recently handed over by English firms
I and the torpedo gunboat Dona Maria
i Molina. For the present this second
| flying squadron and fleet of Admiral
I Cerveras will remain on the coasts of
i Spain.
Good Speed Under Water.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Hol
land submarine boat made another trip
from Perth Amboy, N. J., to-day. At i
a depth of fifteen feet under water she
j showed good speed and was handled
| with ease. After she came to the sur
i face the boat grounded and was hauled ,
' oft by a tug. The boat's conning tower j
! will be fitted with electric lights be
fore another trip is made.
! AMERICAN BOOTCOMPANY
GAINS HEAVY VERDICT
I
i For Damages in a Libel Suit
Against the Kingdom
Company.
From Our Special Correspondent.
MINNEAPOLIS, March 21.— Judg- j
ment for the plaintiff has just been ;
I given in the famous libel suit brought |
Iby the American Book Company of
, New York and Chicago against the
; Kingdom Company of Minneapolis for
! the publication of a defamatory pamph
! let by President Gates of lowa College,
i entitled "A Foe to American Schools."
The jury in the United States court,
, Judge Lochran presiding, promptly
; brought in a verdict against the de
| fendants, awarding $7500 damages. It
I was clearly proven that the libel was ',
i instigated and circulated by a compet- |
1 ins firm of publishers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1808.
FALSE REPORTS
ARE CURRENT
Stories That the American
Divers Disagree as
to the Cause.
Spaniards Grow Desperate in
Trying to Show the Dis
aster Was Accidental.
Havana Now in a Tranquil State, but
Patriotic Feeling Is Running
Very High.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 21.— Lieutenant-
Colonel Guillermo Sabates and Major
Albert Duboche of Alexander Rodri
guez's command in this province, have
surrendered.
False reports are current to the effect
that there have been signs of disagree
ment among the American divers in re
gard to the nature of the explosion
which destroyed the Maine. Havana is
tranquil, but patriotic feeling runs
high. I heard this evening a man com
pare New York and Havana, saying
Lieutenant Sobral's existence was made
miserable in the Metropolitan Hotel in
New York after interviews with him
were printed, while Americans lived at
the Ingleterra unmolested in spite of
the fact that they freely expressed
their views on questions political.
Divers to-day raised two six-inch
guns amidships of the Maine and
cleared away the wreckage about the
two guns aft. They are preparing to
enter the after magaiine.
Gunner Charles Morgan, who has
done splendid work in charge of the
divers, goes to Key West to rejoin his
ship, the New York, on Wednesday, his
cervices being required there. He has
been invaluable here.
THE PRESIDENT
LOOKS FOR PEACE
WITH SLIGHT HOPE
Continued from First Page.
cause of the Maine disaster, and that
she will appeal to tlie powers for ap
pointment of an international board
of naval constructors before agreeing
to entertain any proposition for pay
ing an indemnity, agrees exactly
with what the authorities here have
been led to expect.
It has already been made known
to the State Department through the
Spanish Minister here that the Span
ish Naval Court of Inquiry has found
the vessel was blown up by an in
ternal explosion, and although no
formal proposition for international
arbitration has or can be made until
t?he United States has submitted its
demand to Spain, the authorities here
have been led to expect that this is
the way Spain will meet our repre
sentation.
While the sentiment in Congress
at present is strongly against arbi
tration, administration officials have
been giving serious thought to the
recent observations and are inclined
to be guided by them. Much will de
pend, however, upon the tenor of
Spain's rejoinder to our representa
tions when made.
There has also been much discus
sion here in the last few days on the
question of the attitude of the for
eign powers in the event of the rec
ognition of the independence of Cuba
by the United States. The President
has been told that many, if not all,
the southern republics would recog
nize the independence of Cuba si
multaneously with the United States,
and although no official declaration,
as far as can be ascertained, has
yet come from Great Britain on that
point, the earnest desire of that coun
try to avert war between the United
States and Spain will, it is believed,
induce her to promptly follow any
action in this direction which may
be taken by this country. Appreciat
ing, as they do, that such joint action
would be one of the strongest guar
antees against war, the administra
tion officials are naturally anxious
that other countries should follow
our course in recognizing the new
republic of Cuba.
President McKinley has had a
careful search made for precedents
which would justify the recognition
of independence at the present time.
As a result he frankly confesses that
there is no precedent. He does not
yet see his way clear toward estab
lishing a precedent of his own. If
Congress, however, should declare in
favor of recognizing the new repub
lic of Cuba, and a great nation like
Great Britain either joins in or im
mediately follows such action by this
country, it is believed by administra
tion officials that the Cuban problem
could be solved without war with
Spain. The moral effect of such ac
tion would, it is believed, result in
Spain withdrawing from the island.
BATTLE-SHIP MAINE
YET IN EXISTENCE.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Accord
ing to the orders to naval officers, is
sued by the Navy Department to-day,
the battle-ship Maine is still In exist
ence. At least two of the orders would
seem to give that impression. They
read as follows:
•'Lieutenant A. W. Catlin, U. S. M.
C, detached from Maine, home; Lieu
tenant G. P. W. Holman, detached
from Maine, home and wait orders."
It is presumed that the ill-fated bat
tle-ship will not be stricken from the
naval register until - f tor it has been
finally established beyond the possi
bility of doubt that the shattered hull
cannot be raised and reconstructed
into. at least a sembianee of her former
self. Although there is scarcely ground
for the hope that the vessel can be
raised and restored to the navy, the
department will not abandon its effort
in this direction until the wreckers
now at work upon it report that it is
impossible.
RELIEF FOR
THE VICTIMS
Passage of the Bill in the
House for Reimburs-
ing Maine's Men.
Attempts to Amend the Meas
ure and Controversies Are
Averted by Eloquence.
Beautiful Tribute Paid to the Gallatn
Dead by Representative Cousins
of lowa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 21.
The House to-day unanimously
passed the bill for the relief of the sur
vivors and victims of the Maine dis
aster. The bill reimburses the survi
vors, officers and men, for the losses
they sustained to an amount not to ex
ceed a year's pay, and directs the pay
ment of a sum equal to a year's pay to
the legal heirs of those who perished.
There was quite a spirited debate
over an amendment suggested by Can
non to give the survivors each a year's
pay out of hand instead of attempting
to reimburse them for actual losses.
Some old alleged scandals in connection
with the reimbursement of the sur
vivors of the Samoan disaster were
raked up, but the debate in the end was
saved from a rather sordid tone by a
beautiful tribute paid to the gallant
dead by Cousins of lowa in a short but
eloquent speech, rie aroused the gal
leries to spontaneous applause.
During the debate Boutelle said he
did npt imagine that Captain Sigsbee
or any of the gallant officers of the
Maine would dream of being reim
bursed beyond the actual amount of the
losses they sustained.
Boutelle and Cannon had a, rather
spirited exchange of personalities. The
former criticized the latter's attitude
toward the bill and the latter said he
was responsible to his constituents and
the general public sentiment of the
country, n<>t to the gentleman from
Maine, for his position.
Hilborn of California denied em
phatically that there had been any at
mosphere of fraund in connection with
the Samoan act. Several of the officers
Claimed mulling at all, and all of them
claimed only a small fraction of their
salaries.
Cousins (R.) of lowa changed the
whole tenor of the debate at ihis junc
ture by the delivery of a brief but elo
quent tribute to the American sailors
who went down with the Maine. Cous
ins said:
The measure now proposed is most ap- i
propriate and just, but hardly is it men- j
tionable In contemplation of the great
calamity to which it appertains, it will
be merely an incidental legislative foot-!
note to a page of history that will be
open to the eyes of the repooHe and of
the world for nil time to come. No hu
man speech can add anything to the si
lent gratitude, the Bpeechlees reverence 1
already given by a great and grateful
nation to its dead d- fenders and to their i
living kin. No act of Congress provid
ing for their need- can make a restltu- i
tion for their sacrifice. Human nature i
does, in human ways, its by.st and sail 1h j
deep in debt. Expressions of condolence i
have come from every country and every
clime, and every nerve of steel and ocean i
cable has carried on electric breath the I
sweetest, tendert-st words of -sympathy
for that gallant crew who manned th-.-
Maine.
Hovering above the dark waters of that
mysterious harbor of Havana the black
winjred vulture watches for the belated
deaG, while over it and over all there
is the eagle's piercing eye, sternly watch
ing for the truth. Whether the appro
priation carried by this resolution shall
be ultimately charged to fate or to some
foe, shall soon appear. Mciipwhile a
patriotic people, enlightened by the les
sons of our history, remembering the woes
of war, both to the vanquished and vic
torious, are ready for the truth and for
their duty.
There was a tremendous sound of ap
plause when Cousins concluded his
tribute.
Wheeler (D.^ of Alabama followed in
a. similar strain, concluding with the
declaration that it was God's will that
Cuba should be free.
The Cannon amendment was lost
without division.
Without amendment the bill was then
passed unanimously.
EMERGENCY CONTRACTS
FOR MEAT SUPPLIES
The Navy Department Has Ordered
One Thousand Barrels of Pork
and Salt Beef.
NEW YORK, March 21.— 1t was an
nounced on the Produce Exchange to
day, that tho Navy Department had en
tered into emergency contracts for 1000
half barrels of pork and 1000 half bar
rels of salt beef. These contracts were
in addition to the contracts for regular
supplies of the department, and the
terms were that the pork and beef
should be delivered at once. For two
years a large part of the food supplies
for both the Spanish and Cuban forces
have been contracted for in New York.
The chief supplies are salt pork, bacon,
lard, codfish, flour and beans.
William P.. Cragin of Armour & Co.
said that the latest contract he knew of
was one made last week to supply the
Spanish with 1,500,000 pounds of bacon.
HOURLY EXPECTING
TO BE ATTACKED.
Evidently There Is Some Lively
Fighting Ahead for the Anglo-
Egyptian Forces.
ATBATtA CAMP, Nubia. March 21.— The
Anglo-Egyptian force is hourly, expecting
an attack. During a false alarm at the
Hudi Forrls last evening, a shot was fired
from some unknown quarter and the Brit
ish brigade stood with arms at fixed
bayonets. Tn the dark, a highlander.
rushing to the place, was impaled on a
comrade's bayonet. The army marched
to-day six miles to Rashudi. and is now
awaiting the report of -the patriots who
are looking for the Dervish army.
AH Digna. brother of Osman Digna, has
thrice attacked the post at Adurma, but
the friendly natives have each time de
feated him', killing in all forty-one men.
VETERAN JOURNALIST
IS CALLED TO REST.
At the Age of Eighty-one Roland
Worthington Joins the Silent
Majority.
BOSTON, March 21.— Roland Worthing
ton, the veteran journalist, is dead at his
home in this city, aged 81 years. He
entered the newspaper business as an em
ploye of the counting-room of the Boston
Daily Advertiser. In 1845 he took charge
of the Boston Traveler. When Dan
iel "Webster made his famous speech at
Marshnold, in August, 1848, Mr. Worth
ington published a verbatim report and
had it sold by the newsboys in the
streets— an innovation which called down
the severe criticism of other Boston pa*
I>ers. He sold a very large numotr <
copies.
WOULD MEET
THE EDITOR
Dr. Powell of La Crosse
Anxious to Fight for
Senator Mason.
In a Communication to Baron
El Cardo He Names Army
Pistols as Weapons.
This Typical Western Plninsman and
Indian Fighter Defies the Fiery
Spaniard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINONA, Minn., March 21.— 1n re
sponse to the challenge of Baron El
Cardo, Marquis of Altavilla, Madrid,
Spain, to fight a duel with Senator Ma
son of Illinois, for the latter's utter
ances in the Uuited States Senate, Dr.
George Powell of La Crosse has cabled
the following acceptance of the chal
lenge in Masons stead:
To Baron El Cardo, Madrid, Spain:
Through the press dispatches I am
informed that you have challenged Sen
ator Mason to mortal combat for words
spoken in defense of his position as the
champion of the patriotism and prin
ciples of his country and its people in
the United States, with usual Spanish
generosity, selecting your own
weapon.
Now, as Senator Mason has spent a
lifetime in the pursuit of a more hu
mane calling and in the walks of a civ
ilization which has but poorly fitted him
to meet a bully-at-arms, as one who
has admired and now indorses the ob
jectionable words and patriotism of
Senator Mason, I, a plainsman, a West
erner, one of a class known as a typi
j cal American — typical because it holds
! principle and patriotism above price, be
cause it believes that murder in the
first degree cannot be paid for with
gold — hereby accepts your challenge
and name the army pistol, the old 44,
the organ of civilization, the instru
ment with which the American pioneer
1 measures justice to assassins; and
I while I earnestly assure you and all
your kind that thousands of men of my
type stand ready to step in my tracks
and pick up my pistol, if it should fall,
I sincerely thank the representative of
a thousand years of barbarism for the
opportunity to fire the shot in revenge
for the Yankee sailors who fed the
sharks in the bottom of Havana har
bor. GEORGE E. POWELL.
La Crosse, March 17.
The foregoing was sent March 17,
but was not made public until to-day.
Dr. George E. Powell is a noted
plainsman and Indian fighter, who fol
i lowed the fortunes of the army for
! thirty years in the capacity of scout
! and guide in the numerous Indian
i wars, serving with distinction under
: every general of the army west of
the Mississippi River during his term
jof service. So valuable has been the
services rendered by him to the army
that he has been the recipient of many
i mementos from his commanders, no
table among them being a magnificent
i silver mounted revolver, costing $150,
I and presented by the late General
j George A. Custer.
Dr. Powell is about 50 years of age
j and a well known physician of La
! Crosse, Wis. Dr. Powell is a boon com
panion of such noted frontiersmen as
Buffalo Bill, Wild Bill, Texas Jack and
others of equal note.
MAY PUT UP A
NEW POWDER PLANT.
The Giant Company Is Now Consid-
ering the Advisability of In
creasing Its Works.
The Giant Powder Company is figur
ing on the possibility of its putting up
a big and expensive plant across the
bay for the manufacture of prismatic
and smokeless powder and joining in
the business of supplying war material
to Uncle Sam.
The big and multiplying orders which
are keeping the ammunition makers
going night and day, the possibilities
of an actual war demand and the talk
of Senator Perkins and other California
representatives in favor of the Gov
ernment's nursing and stimulating Pa
cific Coast plants for the making of
war material, has started the Giant
Powder people to investigating tho
field. Julian Sonntag. secretary of the
company, is now actively looking into
the matter, and it is more than possi
ble that negotiations will soon be in
stituted at Washington.
The only powder factory on the coast
prepared to supply the Government with
the kinds of powder needed is the Cali
fornia Powder Company, which has
produced brown prismatic and smoke
less powder for heavy guns equal to the
best produced anywhere and which has
just enlarged its plant and begun
crowding operations twenty-four hours
a day to fill a Government contract for
2,500,000 pounds of brown prismatic and
200,000 pounds of smokeless powder. But
this wouldn't last a fleet long, and it
would be a small item in case of war.
The Government might not be averse
to having another souroe of supply on
the coast, especially when its only one
here is only four miles from an un
defended coast, being that distance into
the wooded mountains back of Santa
Cruz and within reach of hostile guns
that were not kept busy by the Mon-
terey.
"A contract for 500 tons of powder
would probably warrant our putting
up a new plant," said Mr. Sonntag
yesterday. "To make brown prismatic
powder we could use many of the fa
cilities we now have, but it would re
quire in addition large hydraulic pro
cesses and other expensive machinery.
If necessary we could be equipped for
supplying the Government in from
sixty to ninety days. The plant would
cost between $30,000 and $50,000.
"If we erect one it will be near our
present works at Giant, across the bay.
We are equally ready to go into the
manufacture of smokeless powder.
That require* a different plant largely.
It requires Irs machinery, but is more
of a laboratory operation with chemi
cals. If Uncle Sam wants powder from
us we are ready to supply it. So far, I
am simnly investigating the situation
and the possibilities, and cannot say
what will be done."
TO GET A DIFFERENTIAL
OF FOUR PER CENT.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Through
the efforts of Congressman Hilborn
of California the Naval Committee was
induced to insert a provision in the
naval bill providing a differential of,
4 per cent in case a Pacific Coast firm
secured a contract for building one of
the new battle-ships.
The fee-simile " /^ '*■*. _*?" UOn eTCry rapper
signature of , C^ut&jT/<C&&ti£ ' of CASTOEIA.
CUBANS WILL
BE RESCUED BY
THE PRESIDENT
In an Editorial Senator Chandler
Appeals to the People to Sus=
tain McKinley in Lib=
crating Patriots.
BOSTON March 21.— Senator W. E. Chandler, in an editorial in
his paper, the Concord Monitor, to-day, under the caption, "TheCubana
to Be Rescued; Sustain President MrKinley; an Appeal From Senator
Chandler," says that President McKinley is about to issue a Cuban
proclamation. He says in part: "The people of New Hampshire, with
out distinction of party, should with one accord support President Mc-
Kinley in the action he is about to take in the name of the United
States to relieve the devastating famine and sickness which are now
sending to death the whole Cuban population in the western provinces
of the island. R«ad Senator Proctor's vivid description of the hor
rors. Feeble women and tottering children are no longer to die from
starvation and disease. Food and medicine and clothing, given by
generous people of the United States, are to save them.
"Relief will go with the approval of Spain if she consents or will
be carried by American sailors and soldiers without that approval if
she does not consent. To longer tolerate the existing cruelties will dis
honor the American nation, and the end of the starvation and torture
is near at hand. Every humane person In this whole land should sus
tain and bless the President in his coming proclamation, which is to
cause the name of William McKinley to be held in sacred reverence by
Cuban generations as long as will be "revered the name of Abraham
Lincoln by the colored race in America."
SEPARATED
MANY YEARS
Strange Meeting of Father
and Daughter Who
Parted in '61.
Come Together While in Quest
of an Estate Left by an
Eccentric Relative.
Now They Will Join Issues and Make
Common Cause in an Effort to
Break a Will.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., March 21.— Mrs.
Flora Herriek of Chicago and her
father, William Gessie, an inmate of
the National Soldiers' Home in this
city, have been brought together after
having been separated since 1861, when
the war broke out. The meeting was
brought about through the settlement
of a will in which an estate valued at
$100,000 is involved.
Robert Gessie died about six months*
ago at Newport, Ind., leaving a large
estate. The story of the litigation,
which will probably follow, has many
extraordinary features. He was an
eccentric character and drew up his
own will to suit his own peculiar fan
cies. He left a homestead valued at
$20,000 to his wife, but provided that
upon the appointment of trustees to
take charge of the estate, the mansion
should be locked and kept perpetually I
closed, except that twice a year men
were to be employed to go there, open i
it up and give It an airing. The widow,
who was his second wife, was provided i
with another house, in which she was j
to make her own home.
To his son William Gesaie, and his
granddaughter he left a small amount
of money, and the remainder of the es- j
tate was to be used in building a large j
school house in Newport. The will pro
vides that in the second story of the
building there shall be a large assem- j
bly hall surrounded on all sides with !
glass cases? in which shall be placed the j
clothing, bedding, furniture and house- j
hold goods from the Gessie mansion.
The reason assigned for this display of I
the household goods of the Gessie man- j
sion in the school house is "'that the j
pupils may be reminded of the donor j
and that his memory may be kept j
green."
There is another chapter to the story.
When the war of the rebellion broke
out William Gessie enlisted in an In
diana regiment and went forth to fight
the battles of the Union. He left be
hind him a wife and a daughter, the
latter ten weeks old. William did not
write to his wife when he was in the
army nor did he return to his homo
when the war was over. Instead he
drifted out into the Western country
and finally brought up at the Soldiers'
Home at Milwaukee. He finally wrote
to his father, and by this means- was
remembered with a small bequest when
the latter made his will.
He employed a law firm of this city
to look after his interest, and while a
member of the firm was in Indiana a
few weeks ago, he came in contact
with a Chicago attorney who was rep
resenting the interests of Mrs. Flora
Herrick of that city. It did not take
the lawyers long to discover the rela
tionship between their clients and to
show them that their causes were iden
tical. Later a meeting was arranged
in Milwaukee between father and
daughter in which an affecting scene
was enacted.
The father and child will make com
mon cause in their efforts to upset the
I will of Robert Gessie and secure a joint
i portion of the estate.
Rushing Arsenal Work.
WATERTOWN, Mass., t March 21.—
The United States arsenal to-night was
run under a night force for the first
time since the recent orders. To-mor
row morning two 12-inch guns and
three 10-inch barbette carriages mak
ing ten carloads will be shipped to
Puget Sound. The 12-inch disappear
ing carriages will be taken apart to
morrow and placed on cars to go at
once to San Francisco. The plant is
short of material and orders to rush
iron and steel castings have been sent
to Pittsburg and other points from
which shipments are expected.
Rechristened the Albany.
"WASHINGTON. March 21.—Secre
tary Long has rechristened the cruiser
Abrouall, recently purchased from the
Brazilian Government, and hereafter
she will be known as the Albany, in
honor 1 of the capital of the Empire
State. .
Shafts for the Newport.
BETHLKHEM, Pa., March 21.— The
Bethlehem Iron Company to-night for
warded to the Union Iron Works of
San Francisco shafts of the new tor
pedo boat Newport, .building there,
weighing 45 tons, and a propeller shaft
for the Japanese warship also under
construction there. The company has
begun work on twelve disappearing
gun carriages ordered t»v the Govern
ment, and will turn out "one a montri.
■• 1 *
MR. TERRY IN DANGER
OF LOSING HIS SIGHT.
Suffering From a Malady Affecting
His ibyes, While His Bride Is
Seriously 111.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The corres
pondent of the Press at Nice, writing un
der date of March 5, confirms the exclu
sive advices printed in The Call yester
day regarding Sibyl Sanderson's serious
illness.
"To add to her distress," says the cor
respondent, "misfortune fell also on Mr.
Terry. Some, malady affecting his eyea
manifested itself, and it was feared for a
long time that he would lose his night.
Physicians have been in daily, almost
hourly attendance upon the afflicted con
pie As 1 am about to leave Nice, word
comes to me that Mr. Terry has decided
to go back to his place near Paris, In or
der to avail himself of the most skilled
medical attendance, in the world. His
eyes are no better and his bride is as
helpless as a babe."
GOT NO RETURNS
FOR HIS MONEY
Chicago Young Man Nipped
in an Alaska Mining
Venture.
Swears Out a Warrant for John
T. Van Smith of San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 21.— A war^
rant was sworn out in Justice Austin';|
I court last evening by H. M. Prinnelle, a
young man from Chicago, charging John
T. Van Smith with having obtained JEiOO
under false pretenses. Smith is now in
San Francisco, and Chief of Police Reed
has telegraphed the warrant for his ar
rest. There is some doubt, however, as
to what the authorities in California will
do in the case, in view of Governor Rog
ers' recent refusal to honor requisition
papers from that State for the arrest of
Joseph Schwartz.
Several weeks ago Van Smith arrived
I in Seattle and represented himself as the
I manager of the British Steamship and
Yukon Gold Dredging Company, a cor
! poration existing under the laws of Ari
| zona. He is said to liave represented
! to Prinnelle that the company hud un
! der charter the steam schooner La Isinfa.
i which was in the harbor at San Fran
i cisco. The men who were interested in
i the charter were in Alaska, und a con
: dition of affairs existed by which the
1 schooner could be had at a rate of JloOO
a month. Prinnelle says that he paid
$1500 to Van Smith with the understand
i ing that he would go direct to San Fran
i cisco and bring the schooner to Seattle,
arriving about this time. \an Smith left
tor San Francisco.
An advertisement in a paper of that
city was seen, which indicated that the
I schooner was operated by a different
1 company. After some correspondence
! Prinnelle satisfied himself that he had
! been "done." He consulted an attor
! ney, and as a result took legal steps to
! apprehend Van Smith.
m
Work of Human Fiends.
CORK, March 20.— On the Cork, Ban
don & South Coast Railway, where a
strike is in progress, the line patrol dis
covered this evening that the rails had
been torn up at the approach to a via
duct seventy feet high, a few miles
from Cork. The patrol was just able
to stop the express.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUCK-A-LUCK
You'll find the greatest variety of
! mocassins, muckalucks and other shoes
I for Alaska and snow travel in our store
! you ever saw in one place. Over fifty
I kinds of Klondike shoes.
1 Soft sole mocassins $1 75, $2. 52 60
; Muckalucks, fur 0n.. .. ... . •«• f»
I Shoe pacs for snow —51 »0, 52 50, *s oO
Heavy Klondikes, nailed.... .. ..52 25, 53
High cut Klondikes ?3 50, 54 50 5o
Insoles for comfort 10c, 2oc
Creepers for ice s °Ci 51
'Folding rockers, each •• ■*' »0
Heavy wool socks . . . . . . 25c, 50c
Heavy long hose, best <sc, 51, 51 25
Fur leggins for men 52
Fur coats, hats, pants of every de-
! scription and at nearly every price;
also best and cheapest line of outfitting
I clothing in heavy wool fabrics. Save
25 per cent by coming to headquarters
1 at once.
Dealers in Klondike goods here or at
other places fully supplied and fairly
dealt w ; h.
Boats, sleighs, sleds, dog harness,
pack saddles, everything. See our
stock before going elsewhere.
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.SICARD MAY
BE SUCCEEDED
BY SAMPSON
Proposed Change in the
Commander in Chief
of the Squadron.
Failing Health Will Cause the
Temporary and Perhaps Per
manent Retirement of the
Present Flag Officer.
NEW YORK, March 21.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says
Preliminary steps were taken to-da>
by Secretary Long to detach Rear Ad
miral Montgomery Sicard from th
North Atlantic Station and to assigi
another flag officer to duty as his sue
i b» r. Much as the administration re
gretted the necessity of changing
h.nsc;- when crossing a stream, th
conclusion was forced upon I'nsiden
McKinley and Secretary L<jng, after an
earnest consultation this morning, tha
it was to the Interests of this Govern
ment to have an officer in command o
the navai forces on the Atlantic coas
ng in mind and sound in limb, able
to grasp and to meet any situation tha
might arise.
i Admiral Sicard has been suffer
ing for some weeks past from a sever*
: attack, and although in weak
condition he has courageously stood a
his post of duty, notwithstanding the
(1! of Secretary Lone
that he take a short leave ol absence
for at least two weeks. Recent report
red from Rear Admiral Sicard him
tnd from officers on duty in the
. the Secretan
that no Improvement in Hear Admira
Sicard s condition has taken place, and
in view of the exhausting work whicl
the admiral has to perform the Secre
believed that it was due to hin
as "weli as to the Government that h
should be relieved and given a chanc
uperate.
When Secretary Long brought th
matter to the attention of the Presiden
that official agreed with him that i
was necessary to assign another ila
r to duty In Rear Admiral Sieard's
But instead of directing Hear
Admiral Sicard' s immediate detach
ment, as he had authority to do, >
ret ■ termined to place no
ifficer's record as would
have been done had he Deen summarily ,
relieved, but to permit him to have ev
ery chance to retain his present com- I
mand in case it should be shown that
he is well enough to continue on duty.
Accordingly, the Secretary, in ac
cordance with the determination
reai hed by himself and the President,
ving as Uheir object the
holding of a board of medical survey j
to-morrow on the rear admiral. These j
orders were telegraphed to Hear Ad- \
miral Sicard and he was directed to ap
medical board composed
of the following named officers: Mcdi- ;
cal inspector Michael C. Brennan, lleet
Burgeo i >f the North Atlantic Station,
and Surgeon Manly Simons, on duty
on board the battle-ship lowa. It is
proposed by the department officials to
follow the usual naval procedure in the
case of Rear Admiral Sicard. It is
hoped by the officials that Rear Ad
miral Sicard's trouble may be of such
ehara< ter as to cause the surgeons to
simply recommend his detachment up
on sick leave. Both the President and
Secretary Long have a very kindly feel-
Ing for Rear Admiral Sic&fd, and there
is no intention on the part of either to
attempt to "crowd" him from the ac
tive to the retired list. Should the
board recommend that he he retired it
will be necessary .for the Secretary to
convene the Retiring Board, which will
at once consider Hear Admiral Sicard's
condition and take what action seems
to them to be required. Should the
board of medical survey regard the ex
amination for retirement of Rear Ad
miral Sicard and the Retiring Board
recommi nd his retirement, the vacancy
thus created in the grade of Hag rank
■>* 111 be filled by the appointment <<(
Captain W. T. Sampson, commanding
the battle-Ship lowa, lioth President
McKinley and Secretary Long con
sider Captain Sampson as the best I
possible timber for the position of com
mander-in-chief, not alone on account I
of his excellent record, but because they I
know his courage, his energy and in
domitable will.
GOVERNOR HASTINGS
TALKS AT STANFORD.
Tells the Students He Does Not Be-
lieve There Will Ba War With
Spain.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 21.—
Governor Hastings addressed the students
in the chapel this afternoon. His talk
was bright and interesting. After in- [
dulging in the customary encomiums on
the climate and scenery of California and
the ideal location of Stanford, he ad
vised the students to consider above all j
else the, problem of setting started in j
life and fitting themselves into the right
niche. He thought California offered ex- I
cellent opportunities for the industrious
young: and those who were prepared to
meet the emergencies which were certain
to come up in life.
"Most of the wrecks that are found
through life are due," he said, "to mis
fits "
He said that the country need have no
apprehension of war with Spain. If he :
thought there was danger of it he would
not be in California, but at his post in
Pennsylvania. - . .
"We are too big and too Christian to
go to war," he said. «...
He thought that such an affair between
two great nations should be settled by
other means. If trouble should result
between United States and Spain, he be- i
lieved we would meet the emergencies
that would* present themselves. The ac
tion of Congress in putting $50,000,000 into
the hands of the President as head of
the nation, without any question of poli
tics entering into the matter, was enough,
he asserted, to give him confidence.
CONVICT HOWARD FREED.
No Officer at San Quentin to Rear
rest Him.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON, March 21.— ,
"William Howard, who is wanted to an- ;
swer to a charge of robbery in San Fran- |
cisco. was released from the penitentiary ■
this morning and immediately departed, j
It was expected that a deputy from the j
city would be over aftfr the prisoner, |
but nor- arrived this morning, and the!
prison authorities were eftnpelled to give |
him his freedom.
It seems th^t Howard is an ungrateful |
wretch, and his offense was the robbing i
of his benefactor. L. C. Burton, of 1126^
Jackson street, San Francisco, whose
house be looted while he was out on j
bonds furnished by Burton. £ot onl>
this but Howard "jumped' his bonds and
escaped to Denver, and Burton was com
pelled to send to that place at his own
expense and have the man returned. Bur
ton swore out a complaint for Howard s
arrest before Judge Joaehimsen while
11, .war.! was serving a term in San Quen
tin for another crime. _« _^__—
ATTEMPT TO BREAK
FROM JAIL FRUSTRATED.
Riverside Prisoners Detected When
Well on Their Way to
Freedom.
RIVERSIDE. March 21.— The prisoners
in the County Jail, headed by an ex-con
vict named Harry Thornton, who is serv
ing a six months sentence for a mis
demeanor, attempted to break jail to
day. A hole sixteen inches square had
been cut almost through the back wall
of the corridor of the jail when the offi
cers detected them at work.
The men engaged in this attempt are
the ones who succeeded in getting out
of jail about a week ago. at which time
one of them. Tierney, driven back to
his cell at the point of the City Mar
shal's pistol. Thornton and Tierney are
both old convicts, and the officers have
it from trusties about the jail that both
men had planned to make their escape
even it" they were forced to killsomeonein
doing 80. When detected to-day the men
were sMrly and defiant, and considerable
force had" to be used to get them into
their cells. One of the prisoners had
stated t2 the officers that Thornton is
wanted somewhere for some serious
crime, and that is the reason he is de
termined to get away. The officers a>-e
trying to learn where he is wanted.
BOND PROPOSITION
TO BE SUBMITTED
Public Sentiment Defied by the
City Council of Los
Angeles.
Will Call an Election to Decide as to
the Building of New Fire
, Houses.
special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— At the ses-
Blon of the City Council .to-day there was ;
Introduced an ordinance of intention to
call an election to vote bonds in the sum j
of $150,600 iT the purpose of building
new fire engine houses and equipping
them. There will really be no necessity
tor tire engine houses when the city owns I
its own water plant and operates it with
proper pressure for fire purposes. But \
there is a clique here that seems to be
extraordinarily interested in forcing the
passage of these fire bonds. Members of
the clinue have real estate locations
which they expect to sell to the city as i
sit.s for the tire houses. Contractors
also desire the bonds to pass, as there j
will be considerable construction work to j
be done.
The real sentiment of the people is
against this bond issue and it has al- |
ready been beaten once, having been sub
mitted within the past six months. Nev- I
ertheless the city is to be put to the ex- I
pense of holding another election. An en- I
deavor is being made to add a rider to J
the ordinance which will make a $10 / mo
bond issue for the construction of an
other bridge across Los Angeles River to
Boyle Heiphts.
Just at present the feeling is most pro
nounced thai no more bonds should be
issued until the city has b<on restored
to the possession of Us water piant. The
. sperience of citizens in past years in
voting bonds has been dearly bought. As
a result of the last few bond elections
for specific purposes there have been nu
merous scandals and it has been almost
conclusively shown that the money of
the people was diverted into improper
channels. The City Council, however,
seems determined ,to resubmit the fire
bond proposition.
COMMITTEE OF LADIES
TO MAKE A CANVASS.
Result of Their Labor Will Decide
Whether San Rafael Will Have
a Carnival.
SAN RAFAEL. March 21.— The commit
tee of ladies that is to inaugurate the
proposed rose festival held a meeting to
day and decided to systematically can
vass the city to ascertain what support
the proposition would receive if arrange
ment for the fete were commenced. It is
proposed that there shall be no failure
if the entertainment is to be given, and
the ladies want to be sure of their ground
before they go ahead.
At the meeting to-day were Mrs. A. \V.
Foster. Mrs. Major Christensen. Mrs. L.
A. Lanzel, Mrs. George H. Foster, Mrs.
\V. S. Dreypoleher. Mrs. Captain Elliott,
Miss Jessie Elliott and Mrs. Henry Har
rison. They decided to commence the
canvass of the city to-morrow and be
prepared to report at a meeting to be
hold on Wednesday morning. At that
meeting it will be decided when the festi
val will be held, and a programme of
the festivities will be mapped nut. The
ladies of the committee are enthusiastic,
and they are backed up by the Ten
Thousand <"lul). In the discussion It was
suggested that if the carnival were held,
ir take place on May 6 and 7, and the
suggestion met with the approval of the
members of the committee. When a de
cision is reached as to the time of the
festival organization will be effected to
put the plan into successful operation.
PAYS ONE-TWELFTH
OF THE_TAX SOUGHT.
Southern Pacific Road Compromises
Its Franchise Controversy in
Kentucky.
FRANKFORT. Ky., March 21.— The
Southern Pacific Company's attorneys
have talked the State officials into com
promising' the suit for franchise taxes,
and instead of the State receiving $50,000
or $O).000 annually. ;is was lirst Insisted
on. it will receive only the paltry sum of
$5200. The State Auditor received a check
to-day for $22,000 for franchise liixt-s since
iy<l. and an agreement has been reached
for the company to pay $5200 annually
hereafter. This evidently ends the whole
case, as the Legislature will never agree
to repeal the charter of a company that
pays $5000 v. year into the State treasury.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
"BOSS" REA
HAS NAMED
HIS TICKET
Alignment of Forces
for the San Jose
Campaign.
Martin the "Gang's" Can
didate for the
Mayoralty.
Political Dictator Makes the
Nominations to Suit
Himself.
NO CONSULTATION AT ALL.
Not Aware That the Ticket "Was
Completed Until It Was
Printed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— "Jim" Rea
caused his "business men," consisting
of Paul Pastin, C. S. Wright, Rush Mc-
Comas and A. G. Bennett, to hold an
other "mass meeting" to-day for the
purpose of further discussing candi
dates and a platform to be placed be
fore the voters of San Jose. It will be
remembered that the first act in thispo
litical farce was played last week and
resulted, according to the editorial of
the "gang" organ, in the selection of
candidates for City Clerk. Treasurer
and members of the appointing board.
According to A. G. Bennett, who
acted as secretary of the "mass meet
ing" held in the office of C. D. Wright,
nothing definite was decided upon at
the meeting held to-day in the line of
selecting candidates to complete the
ticket. C. D. Wright is authority for
the further statement that no candi
date was selected for the mayoralty,
Dor for Councilmen. Action was de
ferred to a future meeting, he said,
when a platform also would be adopted.
From facts which came to the knowl
edge of The Call correspondent it ap
pears that either these two gentlemen
made a wide detour from the path
traveled by the truth, or "Jim" Rea
has not fully taken them into his con
fidence. Whatever he may have in
structed his "business men" to do at
the "mass meeting" seems to give him
little concern. He evidently knows that
they will obey his every and slightest
behest whenever he is ready to make
known his wishes.
It was, therefore, in evident antici
pation Of what he intended they should
do in the future that Rea caused an
order to be given to Popp & Hogan,
printers, for a large number of cards
bearing. the names of the candidates
who are to be placed in the political
race by the "boss" again"?* the candi
dates who stand for good and econom
ical government.
At the "business men's mass-meet
ing" to-day the title to be given to the
"gang" ticket was discussed, but on th^i
authority of Secretary A. G. Bennett
this matter was also left in abeyance.
Here again Rea had the advantage of
his "business men," for he has already
christened his aggregation of candi
dates with the name of "Business
Men's Ticket." This designation ap
pears at the head of the cards which
were delivered to Rea at his office to
day. The full ticket is given on these
same cards, as follows:
For Mayor— Charles J. Martin.
Clerk— J. W. Cook.
Treasurer— J. N. Ewing.
Councilmen— At large. James D. Miner;
First Ward. J. W. Macaulay; Second
Ward, H. Ward Wright: Third Ward. H.
M. N. Spring; Fourth Ward, W. J. Rog
ers.
Appointing board— P. P. Austin, E. G.
Bennett. H. Booksin Sr.. Milton Camp
hell. E. E. Chase, Al G. Col. H. J. Fikes,
D. Hatman, John Leffler, Rush MeCnmas,
J. K. Secord, Francis E. Spencer, Frank
Stock, C. D. Wright.
By this action the boss' lines were
formally and closely drawn in the con
test for control of the government of
this city.
The ticket of the New Charter Club
was placed before the oublie more than
two weeks ago. Not until to-day was
the ticket in opposition to the good
government candidates made complete,
and then only in a surreptitious man
ner, and by the political boss who is
generally held responsible for all that
is reprehensible and objectionable in
politics in the city of San Jose and the
county of Santa Clara.
This was the last day on which peti
tions of candidates could he filed. The
total number of candidates in the field
is fifty-six. The twenty-two on the
ticket indorsed by the boss have al
ready been mentioned. Those on the
ticket of the New Charter Club are as
follows: »
For Mayor— Sanford E. Smith.
Treasurer— Joseph F. Colombet.
< 'lerk— James M. Allen.
CounHlmen— At large. John P. Jarman ;
First Ward, W. B. <"r<'ssman: Second
Ward, Adam Riehl: Third Ward. Maurice
O'Brien; Fourth Ward, Edmund Cooper.
Appointing board— Charles H. Allen,
Lawrence Archer. John K. Auzerais, T.
Ellarri Beans, A. B. Hunter, J. R. Lewis,
Michael Kenny. William G. Alexander
Luis Argues, Calvin P. Bailey, J. H.
Campbell. John J. Sontheimer, Thomas J.
Riley, D. C. Vestal.
In addition to the candidates on the
two tickets the following have filed
petitions:
For Mayor— A. B. McNeil.
Clerk— William J. Dougherty.
Councilmon— First "\Y;irrt, William Moir
Charles P. Bernhardt; Second Ward'
F. A. Curtis: Third Ward. George B. Dit
tus; Fourth Ward, John D. Roherts Wil
liam Zifgler, John Britton, Julius Krieg.
Appointing board— A Friant, L. S. Cav
allaro.
A. Vatuone, who filed his petition as
a candidate for Councilman from the
First Ward on March 11, withdrew
from the fight to-day. All candidates
have until Saturday next to withdraw.
At a meeting of the Council to-night
"Jim" Rea, through Councilman Wil
liam C. Nolting, one of his most loyal
henchmen, attempted to inflict a pecu
niary injury on J. P. Jarman, who is
suing the boss for $50,000 damages for
slander. Jarman has a number of bills
against the city for repair work on one
of the engine houses. These amount in
the aggregate to $150 45. The bills are
for mat trials furnished and work done
at different times, the largest being for
$53 75. On the plea that the claims
aggregated more than $100, the limit
prescribed by the charter for expendi
tures made without asking for bids,
Nolting, as chairman of the claims
committee, refused to approve the
claims, and the matter was referred to
the City Attorney for an opinion.
Councilman Dittus, chairman of the
fire and water committee, explained
that the claims were legitimate, as the
work was ordered by him on authority
vested in him by the Council. He had
given Jarman, he said, three separate
and distinct orders at different times.
DUNHAM LIVING
ON A RANCH IN
OLD MEXICO
Santa Clara's Sheriff Leaves to
Investigate the Story Told
by a PrisoQer.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— 1t is said the Sheriff's office is in possession
of information that Murderer Dunham is on a cattle ranch in Old
Mexico, and that Sheriff Lyndon's trip East is but for the purpose to
allow him to slip away unnoticed and make a search for the Campbell
butcher. Lyndon, who had been specially deputized by Marshal Bald
win, left San Francisco about ten days ago for Massachusetts with
Edwin A. Lowe, who is wanted in that State for embezzling $1800 from
the postoffice at Newton. Lowe was assistant postmaster at Newton.
He became $300 short in his accounts, and last November he took $1500
from the office safe and fled to Mexico. A month ago he came to Cali
.fornia and surrendered himself to Constable Martin at Mountain View.
Lowe was confined in the jail here for a couple of weeks. He told
Sheriff Lyndon he had met a man answering Dunham's description in
Mexico, and that the latter was employed on a big stock ranch. Lowe
said he became quite friendly with the Campbell murderer, and in tell
ing their troubles to each other Dunham told him he was wanted for
murder in Santa Clara County. He boasted of being a six-time mur
derer, and said his crime had startled the whole State. The man re
fused to give his correct name or tell just where the murders were
committed. Lowe agreed to accompany Sheriff Lyndon to the ranch
on which the Dunham suspect is working.
Lowe says he knew nothing of the McGlincy murders until after his
arrest. While in the custody of Constable Martin at Mountain View he
asked that officer if he knew of a man answering Dunham's description
being wanted here for murder. Martin at once recognized the man Lowe
had met as Dunham, and told Lowe to tell Sheriff Lyndon what he
knew.
Lowe did this. The Sheriff at first took little stock in the story, but
Lowe vigorously affirmed it. Lyndon finally decided to run down the
story, He obtained a sixty-day leave of absence from the Supervisors,
and started East with Lowe, in order not to arouse suspicion by his ab
sence, as it is thought Dunham is kept posted on the whereabouts of
officers from this county. He took Lowe to Boston, arriving there a
day or so ago, and is now probably on his way to Mexico.
Nolting is the Councilman who. after
a claim for $6no had been illegally al
lowed and paid Charles Wehner and
the amount had been returned to the
| city treasury through the efforts of
Mayor Koch, presented the same bill
in seven different bills, each less than
the $100 limit, and voted to pass the
same. He is the Councilman who a few
weeks ago took advantage of his offi
cial position to deliver an address be
fore the Council in which vituperation
1 and untruth vied with each other, the
purpose of the address being to cast
odium on the New Charter Club and its
candidates. Like Rea's slanderous re
1 marks about Jarman, it acted simply
j as a boomerang on the man who de
livered it and on the gang which in
spired it.
BLIZZARDS RAGE
IN THE FAR NORTH.
Blinding Snowstorms Delaying Traf
fic and Causing Damage in
Many Sections.
BARNESVILLK. Minn., March 21.-A
terrific wind and snow storm set in about
2 p. m. to-day, the wind blowing at the
rate of 60 miles an hour from the north,
accompanied by a Minding snow and
sand storm. All traffic is delayed.
FARGO, N. D •• March 21.-The first
real blizzard of the season prevails In
Fargo to-night. There has been quite a
snowfall during the day and a raping
wind is blowing whirlKsr the snow in a
blinding mass eerywh-re.
DENVER March 21.— A blizzard struck
this vicinity this afternoon. The mer
cury fell from 56 degrees at 3 o clock to
14 at midnight, with every indication of
going much lower before morning. The
wind blew a gale and a littie snow fell.
HURON, S. D.. March 21.— The nearest
approach to a blizzard experienced in
this section this winter is in progress to
night The wind comes straight from
the north at a velocity of forty milse an
hour driviner tho falling snow in blinding
clouds and piling it into drifts. The tem
perature has fallen 20 degrees since
morning. ___
AN UPROAR IN
THE REICHSRATH
Austrian Statesmen Hurl Epi
thets at Herr Fuchs the
New President.
Shouts of "Disgraceful," "Criminal"
and "Jail Bird" Greet the Official
Upon Election.
Pppciaf Dispatch to The Pall.
VIENNA, March 21.— The Riechsrath
assembled to-day. There was a
full attendance of deputies and the public
galleries were filled. After Count yon
Thun Hobenstoin. the President of the
Council of Ministers and Minister of the
Interior, had declared the session opened,
Dr. Zurkan was called to the chair. He
made a speech expressing hope that the
House would set diligently to work, find
ing special Incentive from the approach
ing iubilee of Emperor Francis Josephs
glorious reign. The remark brought forth
iln-ers from the deputies.
Herr Fuchs, Catholic People's party,
was elected President, but the German
People's party, the Progressionists, the
Christian Socialists, Schoenerers and So
cial Democrats did not participate in the
election, and the announcement of the
choice of Herr Fuchs was greeted with
shouts of "Disgraceful!" "He is a state
criminal and ought to be ir-<atl!" "He be
longs to the former Presidential Bureau!"
etc
While Herr Fuchs was making his in
augural speech Herr Srhoenerer shouted
denunciations. a
Motions were afterward submitted for
the impeachment of Count Badeni. the
former Premier, for the abrogation of the
language ordinances.
YOLO COUNTY'S LARGE
CROP OF CANDIDATES.
Ten Men Will Enter the Race for the
Shrievalty With More to Hear
From.
WOODLAND, March 21.— The probabil
ity of short crops seems to have Increased
the number and zeal of persons who are
willing to serve the dear people in an
official capacity. There are no less than
ten active candidates for Sheriff, and the
campaign has scarcely begun. Yolo Coun
ty will have two candidates for positions
on the Demtocratic State ticket.
Lavigne Wants Another Fight.
CLEVELAND, March 21. — In view of
the statements which are being published
regarding the match between Kid La
viene and Jack Daly in this city last
Thursday night, Lavigne's manager an
nounced" to-night that he was willing to
nut up any sum from $5000 to $10.<X)0 in
Cleveland or New York for a finish fight
between the two. Daly to be allowed his
weicht on last Thursday night, which
was four pounds more than that of La
vigne.
Contest of Barron's Will.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— The second trial
of^the contest of the will of the late mil
lionaire. Edward Barron, begun by Geo.
E Barron, a son. was set for June- 1 by
Jiidee Lorigan to-day. The court re
fused to allow a termination of the $100.
000 trust fund set aside for the contest
ant, and the case cannot now be com
promised.
SUING FOR A
MISER'S GOLD
Contest of an Alleged
Will of Stephen
Silvaney.
The Instrument Produced by
the Man It Named as
Legatee.
Decedent Hacl Previously Bequeathed
His Estate to the Catholic
Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 21. — The
property of Stephen Silvaney, ai? Ital
ian miser, who died on January 10, is
in the courts under a contest as to who
was in reality the dead man's legatee.
Silvaney was for years a local charac
ter and a miser. A long time ago he i
made a will leaving all he possessed to
Bishop Mora in trust, the proceeds and
income to be devoted to the establish
ment and maintenance of a Catholic
orphanage. A few days before his
death, while lying ill at the home of a
tenant, he was removed at the instance |
of Francisco Quijada to the latter's
home. There Silvaney died.
Later Quijada applied for the pro
bating of an instrument purporting to
be Silvaney's will. By this document |
Silvaney appeared to leave the prop
erty to Quijada, except one house and
lot which were devised to Quijada's
minor son. The alleged will was signed
by a mark purported to have been
made by Silvaney, and was witnessed
by Quijada and L. C. Flores, who was
named in the instrument as executor.
The present contest is to prove the .
Quijada will a fraudulent instrument, j
Zach Montgomery, ex-Assistant Attor- i
ney-General of the United States, is
counsel for the Catholic church. He is
a brother of Bishop George Montgom
ery. ■ .
BACON'S PLAN AS
TO ANNEXATION
Will Offer a Resolution to Sub-
Mit the Matter to a Vote
of Hawaiians.
Other Measures Before the Senate
Include Bills for the Relief of
the Union Iron Works.
Special Dispatch to ThP Cal!.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. March 21.
After the transaction of some routine
business in the Senate to-day Bacon of
Georgia introduced an amendment which
he announced he would offer to the reso
lution providing for the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands to the United
States The amendment provides that
the resolution shall have been submitted
to the qualified electors of Hawaii and
named upon affirmatively by them. The
amendment is the same that Bacon of
fered to the Hawaiian treaty and is still
of Nebraska secured the passage
of a resolution calling upon the Secretary
of the Interior for information as to the
number of classes of pensioners, includ
ing the percentage of men. women and
children carried on the pension rolls.
Among the bills passed were the fol
lowing- To confer jurisdiction upon the
I'nited States Circuit Courts In certain
cases- granting to the Washington Im
provement and Development Company a
right of way through the Colville Indian
reservation in Washington: to remit the
penalty of J32.523 imposed upon the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco because at
the official trial of the Monterey the re
quired horsepower %vas not maintained;
to pay the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco for extra work on the Monte
rey $14,742; to provide for promoting Cap
tain William N. Tisdale. U. S. A., now on
the retired list, to the rank of major; to
amend section 1370 of the Revised Stat
utes of the United States relating to the
medical corps of the navy, and providing
that persons appointed to the naval med
ical corps shall be between 21 and 30
years of age; and to authorize the use of
depositions before naval courts in cer
tain eases.
On motion of Hoar of Massachusetts
the Senate then, at 1:40 p. m., went into
executive session, and at 1:55 adjourned.
Santa Barbara Pastor Resigns.
SANTA BARBARA. March 21.— Rev. Al
exander Grant, who for the past ten
years has been pastor of the First Bap
tist Church of Santa Barabara, resigned
his pastorate last night, to take effect
July L
JOBBERS AND
WHOLESALERS
WILL CLASH
Eastern Freight Rate
Question Up for a
Decision.
Transcontinental Bureau
in Session at Del
Monte.
Large Lobby Sent Out From
Cities Beyond the
Rockies.
A FIGHT FOR EXISTENCE.
Local Commission Men Striving to
Maintain the Present Difference
in Rates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, March 21.— The first
day's session of the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau meeting has come to a
close, and though little was done aside
from electing a chairman in the person
of R. H. Countiss, yet the promises of a
hot time to come are roseate in the
extreme.
There will be many vexatious ques
tons to settle, and many clashing in
terests to reconcile, but the grand fight
will take place when the question of
transcontinental rates on less than car
load lots is brought up. This question
is one of vital importance to every
large jobber in San Francisco, and the
opposition that will arise to thwart the
efforts of large Eastern houses which
have sent their representatives out here
to do all in their power to have the ex
isting differences in rates on carload
and less than carload lots reduced to
the smallest possible percentage if not
abolished entirely will be exceedingly
bitter. The matter, which to those not
acquainted with the situation may not
seem of paramount importance to the
people of the coast, is this:
The merchants of Chicago, St. Louis
and other large distributing centers
want no diffe.l nee in the rates on car
load lots and the rates on smaller ship
ments; and the greatest concession
they are willing .to make is the accept
ance of a freight schedule providing
less than carload rates that are at the
most not over five cents per hundred
pounds higher than the rate on car
load lots. This means that the retail
ers of the coast will be supplied di
rectly by Eastern houses, which with
the difference in rates once abolished,
will be enabled to shut out the large
jobbers entirely out of the field.
When the freight representatives ar
rived here this morning they were ac
companied by a delegation of gentle
men representing large Eastern busi
ness houses and manufacturers who
have been sent out here for the express
purpose of working together, and, if
possible, defeating the efforts of the
local merchants to preserve the at pres
ent existing rate. Among these wise
men from the East were A. J. Val
landingham and F. N. Johnson of St.
Louis and J. J. Wait of Chicago. Val
landingham is the commissioner of the
St. Louis Freieht Bureau. Johnson is
interested in the Simmons Hardware
Company of the same city, and Wait is
attached to the Spencer & Bartlett
Hardware Company of Chicago.
To offset the wire-pulling of these
1 gentlemen the large San Francisco job
bers sent down this evening a delega
tion composed of Brace Hayden of the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Com
pany; W. R. Wheeler of Holbrook,
1 Merrill & Stetson, and A. C. Rulofson
i and Wakefield Baker of Baker &
• Hamilton. When these Greeks of trade
' come together before the Freight
j Bureau a tug of war will result which
i will either stretch the opportunities of
local house? to greater elasticity or
snap the thread of their existence en
tirely.
The present difference in the trans
continental rate per 100 pounds on car
load lots and less than carload lots
ranges from 10 to 25 cents. The
Eastern jobber wishes this done
away with so that he can send his
travelers through the State to deal
directly with the smal 1 retail men,
and thus ignore completely the big
wholesale jobbers of San Francisco and
other large coast receiving points, thus
adding to his already large profits the
gains which are the rightful spoils of
local wholesalers. The local man
wishes the rates preserved as they now
are. and would be glad if the difference
between large and small shipments was
doubled or trebled, as it serves as a
sort of protective tariff to shield him
from outside competition. To make the
matter clear, while the distinction in
rates makes it impossible for the small
dealer to buy in the East, yet it allows
the big jobber who receives his goods
in immense consignments to sell at a
reasonable figure to the coast trade
and still make a profit.
The Eastern men claim that the
abolishment of the difference in rates
would prove of great benefit to the Pa
cific Coast at large, as it would allow
j every dealer, no matter how small, to
i ignore the middleman and purchase
I where he pleases and at an advantage,
as he would be able to reserve to him
self the profits which now go to local
jobbers- and competition, by reducing
the price at which the goods would
be retailed, would gradually bring the
commodities to the people cheaper than
they are now by just as much as the
profits of the local jobbers amount to.
The local men, in reply, argue that
the retailers will not get their goods
one cent cheaper, but that the object
of the Eastern firms is merely to shut
them out and absorb the profits which
are now made on this coast.
Aside from this question there will
be many others that will come up be
fore the freight bureau. The present
rate is one hastily thrown together to
meet the exigencies of the situation
which existed at the time of the war
between the Southern Pacific and the
Panama line, when it had its being,
and it is full of discrepancies and in
consistencies that need correction and
revision.
Among the representatives of th^ dif
ferent roads now- here are T. M. Schu
macher and J. A. Munroe of the Union
Pacific, T. D. Connelly c-f the Texas
and Pacific, J. A. Reeves of the Oregon
Short Line. George O. Sommers of the
Great Northern, J. B. Baird and J. M.
Fulton of the Northern Pacific, L. M.
Fletcher of the Missouri Pacific, C. H.
Markham, A. D. Shepard and G. W.
Luce of the Southern Pacific, George
D. Crosby and W. D. Sanborn of the
Burlington. W. R. Mclnnes of the Ca
nadian Pacific, W. J. Shotwell of the
Denver and Rio Grande, F. H. McCor-
Mick of the Rock Island. W. A. Bissell.
H. C. Bush and E. Chambers of the
Santa Fe.
SHERIFF AND DEPUTY
ARE SHOT DOWN.
One Killed and the Other Danger-
ously Wounded During an
Affray in the Street.
SENATOBIA (Miss.), March 21.— 1n a
shooting affray here to-day Sheriff W.
J. Bray was killed and Deputy Sheriff
Homer Gilmore dangerously wounded.
The row began between Ashley Cocke
and Homer Gilmore. Cocke emptied
his pistol at Gilmore, three shots taking
effect, while Gilmore missed his as
sailant. Cocke then walked across the
street, meantime reloading his pistol.
Sheriff Bray, hearing the shooting,
hastened to the scene, and getting
within a few paces of Cocke, drew his
pistol and ordered Cocke to throw up
his hands, Cocke at the same time
calling to the Sheriff not to come any
further. Bray fired, but missed, and
then Cocke. taking aim, shot his an
tagonist through the heart.
CUBA PRACTICALLY
LOST TO SPAIN.
Margalt, at One Time President of
the Federal Republic, Says the
Nation Is Vanquished.
BRUSSELS. March 21.— A dispatch to
Le Soir from Madrid describes an inter
view with Senor Pi y Margalt, at one
time President of the Spanish federal
republic and Chief of the Ministry, in
which he is represented as declaring
that Cuba is practically lost to Spain.
"Spain is exhausted," he is reported
as saying. "She must withdraw her
troops and recognize Cuban inde
pendence before it is too late. By an
immediate recognition she would ob
tain payment of a portion of the war
debt and commercial advantages."
Irish Local Government Bill.
LONDON. March 21.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day the Irish local govern
ment bill passed a second reading with
out a division and amid loud cheers.
YOUTH.
THERE is no vitality like that
of youth. It is grand. It is
great, and should be highly prized.
But when youth stupidly depletes vital
force, what is the result? It is the
same everywhere. In all countries of
the world. Weakness ensues. First of
all there are pains in the back, often
accompanied by fear, dread of dancer
that does not exist and general restless-
ness. Then sleep that refreshes be-,
comes impossible. This weakens more
and more the constitution till it is in
danger of breaking down altogether.
But sleep must be had. The man grown
old before his time seeks a poor and
useless stimulant. He should seek
"Hudyan," which will renew his youth
and his energy. This is only possible
by asking the Hudsonian doctors for
help. Then the story which the patient
tells is always similar to this:
§ There are pains in the back. $3
» And sleepless nights. g
"<% "' "Hudyan" rescues. X
£ Refreshing rest had. g
« Kidneys and strength perfect. £
'■Hudyan" has thousands of friends
in California, and it has them in all
parts of the world. They write grateful
letters to the staff of physicians who
lead the world in this special class of
diseases. If you have weak kidneys
why not try* what can be done for you?
There is absolutely no charge for medi-
cal advice, and, if you will take the
trouble to ask, you have circulars and
testimonials sent to you free. Then
again, if you have a suspicion of blood
! taint in your system, the "30-day blood
cure" surely clears it right out of the
system, no matter what, the stage may
be. Ask for these circulars too. They
are free, as "Hudyan" evidence is. But
don't delay. Get back that light-heart-
ed feeling of youth, and get it back
this week. Be a man and feel young
again. ' ___
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
: SUPPLIES }
*» KLONDIKE
I ' should Include f
IiSPSI
|I; BORDER'S {
jPeerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
,> UNSWEETENED
■I ' . The high reputation for keeping
,1 . qulity is already well estab-
', hshed; hence, no experiment.
) NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
*pS\ WE RENT TYPEWRITERS,
f\U Makes. "
SlifaLL.&M. ALEXANDER,
G£SsiffiS*2S 110 Montgomery St.
■ frislt's Mian Viable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands or. persons who
have used - them for over forty years to ; cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. ; Weak: Stomach, Pimple*
and purify the blood. - ,;
Grossman's leci Mixture
' With this ; remedy : persons , can - cure . them-
selves .without the least exposure; change of
diet or change in application to business. j The.
medicine contains . nothing of the least Injury ■
to the constitution. Ask ■ your druggist for It.
Price, Jl a bottle.
■ I- - ■ ■■.'■ <■■■"- ■
34
ENFORCING
PROHIBITION
IN ALASKA
Collector Ivy Seizes
All the Liquor
He Finds.
Many a Hidden Cache
Despoiled of Its
Contents.
Means to Enforce the Law
Throughout the Entire
Terri'.ory.
MURDER SUSPECTS CAUGHT
Alleged Slayers of Gambler Roberts
Arrestcl Alter a Fight With
Pistols.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. March 21.— Liquor sellers
of Alaska will soon be without an oc
cupation for the liat has gone forth that
Alaska is to be a prohibition territory.
Just before the steamship Farallon,
which arrived here this evening, sailed
from Wrangel. United States Collector
Ivy went arouml to the various saloons
and hotels where liquor was sold and in
the name of the United States seized all
the spirituous liquors he could find.
Collector Ivy has just returned from
Washington, D. <".. and it is understood
lion is the outcome of an inter
view he had with the authorities there
ing the liquor question.
When the Collector began his rounds
saloon-keepers could hardly believe he
was in earnest when he seized their
Is. Having received no warning
they were surprised. As soon as the
news got abroad endeavors were made
liquors, but very few of the
dealers were successful in this, the
liquor in most cases being unearthed
and seized. The saloon men are in
dignant, speaking in emphatic terms
against the action of the Collector,
which they class as infringement on
their rights as American citizens.
Collector Ivey. who is backed up by a
large number of citizens, pays no heed
to the protests and has closed every
establishment where liquor is sold,
even the brewery recently established
at Wrangel. lie said in an interview
with one of the passengers of the Far
allon that he intended to rigidly en
force prohibition throughout the length
and breadth of Alaska, and would
shortly proceed to Juneau. Skaguay and
Dyea to seize liquor on sale in those
towns and close all saloons and bar
rooms in those cities.
The Farallon brings news that H.
Corbett ar.d two others, whose names
DOt given, all said to be from tfan
Francisco, h^ive been arrested by the
authorities and are now being held for
trial for the murder of Samuel Rob
erts, the faro dealer who was shutdown
in the doorway of his own cabin on the
Dyea trail on Monday last. The author
ities were given a description of the
murderer by Roberts' friend, who ac
companied the gambler to his cabin on
the night of the murder. Acting on
this information, they immediately set
out nn the trail of the three San Fran
ciscans, who fitted the description.
They were found on the Dyea trail on
Wednesday last and resisted arrest. In
the struggle that ensued firearms were
used an.i 11. Corbett was shot in the
shoulder, being severely though not fa
tally wounded. The suspects were ulti
mately overpowered and taken to
Dyea. whence it is understood they will
be sent t>> Sitka for trial.
The situation at Skaguay remains
unchanged. Gambling has broken out,
the gaming houses having been closed
for liut 24 hours, but now it is said
nothing but "legitimate gambling" is
allowed, all sure-thing, confidence and
bunko games being barred. In conse
quence of this many or the rough ele
ment are leaving Skaguay, crowds go
ing to Juneau on every steamship. A
number came down en route to Seattle
on the Farallon. The report that thugs
and rowdies have seized the Skaguay
w&gon road and the exacting tolls on
it is denied.
The weather at Skaguay and on the
trails has been mild, and if it continues
so for a short time there will be no
trouble whatever in setting over Chil
koot or White Pas trails. As it is at
nt many are going in, making the
journey from salt water to the lake's in
about two days. Host of those now
going in are hurrying to Rig Salmon
River and Walsh and Rosebud creeks,
where big strikes were recently made.
As a consequesnce of the mild
weather it is reported that over 2000
people with several hundred teams of
horses and a great number of dogs
and many outfits are stranded at the
mouth of the Stickeen River, the ice
having been made unfit to carry any
weight.
TRUTH DECLARED
COMPLETE JUSTIFICATION.
Circuit Judge Spencer Delivers a
Most Important Decision as to
Newspaper Libels.
ST. I.OriS. March 2L— Judge S. P.
Spencer, of the Circuit Court, to-day
handed down a decision on the rights of
newspapers to plead in justification in
libel suits that tho article sued on were •
true. The point came up on a motion for
a rehearing of the case of Charles i 3. :
Stark vs. Publishers George Knapp & ! !
Co., in which Stark sued for damages on
account of articles published.
Judge Spencer refused a rehearing of
thp case, which had heen decided in favor
of the defendants. The defense was that
what was published was true. Judge '
Spencer said in part:
"If the substance <>f the publication in
its full and fair meaning is alleged and
provt <1 to be true, the justification is
complete."
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. March 21.— Weather
Cl< ar: track fast.
Six furlongs, soiling I—Nannie1 — Nannie Davis won,
L'duh second, Blitheful third. Time, 1:16.
Two-y.'ar-i>l<ls, four furlongs— Four Leaf
Clover won. Houseltoff second, Winner
third. Time. :■:•
One mile and a sixteenth, selling — Rob
ert Bonr.er won. Paul Kauvar second, Jim
Hogg third. Time. i:4B\4.
Handicap, seven furlongs— Brighton
yon, Put Morrissey second, Fervor third.
Time, isXI,
Seven furlongs— La Moore won. Hano
Belle second, Ovation third. Time, 1:29.
One mile, selling— Russella won. Alamo
lecond, Berclair third. Time, 1:42.
Lord Elgin Will Resign.
LONDON. March 21.— The Standard says
t has reason to believe that the Earl of
Elgin and Kincardine, Viceroy of India
!incelS93, desires to resign his post, and
:hat the Government is considering the
&>r>o»ntment"of a new Viceroy.^
ARGONAUTS NOT
AS NUMEROUS AS
WAS EXPECTED
Seattle Shipowners Disappointed
in the Small Number of
Passengers.
SEATTLE, March 21.— Many misgivings are now beinpr expressed
that the expected rush to the Klondike from this port is likely to be
disappointing. The present fleet of vessels from here on the Skaguay-
Dyea run consists of twenty-four steamers and fourteen sailing vessels.
The copper River crafts number ten steamers and two sailing vessels.
These fifty vessels have a carrying capacity of nearly 20,000 passengers
a month, but they are all running very light at present, with the num
ber of vessels constantly increasing.
Since January 1 the total number that has taken departure from
Seattle for Lynn Canal and Copper River points is ftlaced at 14,56 ft. This
is more than three-fourths of the entire number leaving the Sound. Of
the number stated 11,763 have been landed at Skaguay or Dyea, and
the balance, or 2803, landed at Port Valdes or Oria. In January 3281
gold seekers left here for the North. February started the rush in
good earnest, as 5906 people sailed.
The present month, it was expected, would run up to at least 10,000,
yet thus far only 5379 went out. Of this number 1379 departed for Copper
River.
The crowd that has gone so far this year was composed first of
those who expected to cross the Chilkoot or White passes on the snow,
and go down the mighty Yukon over the ice fields. Then came those
who wanted to get across the passes to Lake Bennett before the rush
came. They were willing to suffer all kinds of hardships to accomplish
their object. The Copper River crowd went north early for a some
what different reason. These prospectors did not know just what they
were running up against, and considered one method as good as an
other.
BOOGE WOULD
DIVIDE ALASKA
Former lowan Circulating
a Petition at Fort
Yukon.
Asks for the Creation of a
Territory to Be Called
Lincoln.
Promotor of the Project Not Averse
to Becoming Its First
Governor.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
FORT YUKON, Jan. 2.— Judge J. E.
Booge of Sioux City, lowa, is for the
time being 1 in charge of the North
American Trading Company's business
here because of being stranded. His
destination also was Dawson. He dis
placed Fred Gash in charge. Mr. Booge
is circulating a petition for the division
of the District of Alaska and the mak
ing of a new Territory out of the north
western portion, embracing the Yukon
River district, the name to be Lincoln
and the capital to be located at the
mouth of the Tanana, the name of the
city to be Weare, after the name of the
president of the North American Trad
ing and Transportation Company.
It is an open secret in here that Mr.
'Booge aspires to be the first Governor
of the new Territory, and that his com
ing here was a part of a plan to that
end laid by influential stockholders and
officers of the trading company months
ago in Chicago. The trading company
has large influence with the admini
stration. Secretary Gage himself being
one of the principal stockholders.
The movement to divide the Terri
tory cemes as news to the people here.
At the place designated for the capital,
at the mouth of the Tanana, there are
four logs laid crosswise in order that no
mistakes as to its whereabouts may be
made.
Mr. Booge, the prospective Governor,
came here at the instance of P. B.
Weare of Chicago, almost with a days
notice. He was free to come, as he
had retired from business. His mission
he says was just to look things over
and see what was going on. He insists
that, although stranded at this isolated
place, the refuge this winter of the es
pecially unfortunate, he is still glad he
came to this country. He was formerly
engaged in the business of pork pack
ing at Sioux City, and at one time, he
declares with some pride, "killed as
many as 250.000 hogs a year."
It is the purpose of both the Alaska
Commercial and the North American
Trading and Transportation companies
to develop the Tanana country this
year. Boats will be sent up that river
and trading posts built, and the town !
or post of Weare will be established
whether it be the captial of Lincoln or
not.
Without regard to the politics of the
situation, Captain Ray is convinced
that the mouth of the Tanana is the
key to this whole lower country. There
seems to be no end of confidence in the
riches of the Tanana and Copper rivers
and Captain'' Ray shares it. This is
how he explained to me his plan for
establishing a mail route from Cooks
Inlet, a line that could be depended
upon for a weekly service all the year
round:
"From reliable prospectors who have \
been over a part of this trail I learn
that there is a practicable route from
the head of Cooks Inlet up the Shu
shitne River; that the right or west
fork of that stream breaks through the
Alaskan range by a new pass and that
the Indians from Tanana travel this
route in the winter to barter with a
trader located at the «*^>uth of the
Shushitne. From Circle City to the
Tanana, via the head of RLroh Creek,
is, I am informed by minei'B^.io have
been over the trail frequentl3\ not more
than 125 miles. The Indians say that it
is from fifteen to seventeen sleeps from
the Tanana to the store at the mouth
of the Shushitne, which, at their rate
of travel, would make the distance to
be by trail about 340 miles, making the
total distance from Cooks Inlet to
Circle City 445 miles. I notice that by
latitude and longitude it is less than
400 miles.
"The advantages of this route over
that of Juneau and Dyea is apparent,
as the distance from Circle City to Ju
neau is estimated at 1040 miles and the
route impracticable for winter travel,
and besides lies mostly through a for
eign country." SAM W. WALL.
Damage by Wind.
FRESNO. March 21.— A heavy wind
storm prevailed this afternoon and con
siderable damage was done both to
buildings and ift drying the ground. The
wind blew at the rate of twenty-two miles
an hour. Officials and attaches of the
Courthouse were badly scared in the
afternoon, as the tower building vibrated
■0 as to shake the whole structure. The
false columns of tin were badly damaged
by the wind, one being parted at the
joint, and the two pieces flapping in the
■ale. They were secured by wire before
blown down.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
STRIKE OF COLD
AT CLOVERDALE
Paying Ore Discovered
on a Sonoma County
Ranch.
Specimens Assay Four Hun
dred Dollars to the
Ton.
Vein Uncovered by a Farm Manager
While Excavating for « New
Dwelling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 21.— Some two
months ago A. M. Daly, manager of the
I Eckert ranch, near Moulton Hill, about
a half mile beyond Cloverdale, while
I excavating on a side hill for a barn and
i house, found promising gold ore. He
i sent some of the ore to San Francisco
; to be assayed and the report came back
| "41 cents to the ton." This was not re
j markable, but was not bad for surface
rock. Later more ore was sent down
! and this assayed $5 16 to the ton. This
! was encouraging, and more rock, se
| cured after considerable labor from the
j heart of the vein four feet wide, was
; sent to San Francisco.
This third report of the assayers has
'. been received and it has set all the
! tongues in Cloverdale to wagging and
| caused nine-tenths of the male popula
1 tion to dream of wondrous riches within
! their grasp. The last shipment of ore
assayed $400 to the ton. This is the best
| report ever received from Sonoma
| County gold ore.
The ranch upon which the find was
; made is owned by Mrs. Cora E. Eckert,
: daughter of Mr. Daly. Mr. Daly was in
town o-n Monday and filed mineral
! claims on the gold-bearing land, this
I being necessary under the law, not
! withstanding Mrs. Eckert already owns
the land on a patent right.
Last Friday blasting with powder
was begun, and on Tuesday a ton of
i rock will be sent to San Francisco to
<be smelted. If this ore proves as rich
as the last lot sent down the latest ma
chinery will be put in and the vein
: worked in real earnest. The ledge is
four fpet wide. Its length is not known,
but high-grade ore has been found in
five different places as far as 150 yards
j apart. Mr. Daly, who has made two
; fortunes in California mines, and who
' is recognized as an authority on mm;
; eralogy and geology, says:
"I know we have found gold ore in
; paying quality and quantity."
Mr. Daly has arranged to leave about
! April 10 for Trinity County, where he
i has valuable mining interests. He has
a claim adjoining the famous Graves
i Bros.' Blue Jay mine. It is located in
j the bed of an ancient river and the dirt
1 runs from 5 cents to 50 cents to the pan.
I His plans are to work this mine in sum
mer and the Sonoma County property
- in the winter.
MUTINOUS PASSENGERS
QUELLED BY FORCE.
! Trouble on the Schooner Morrill
on the Voyage to
Alaska.
SEATTLE, March 21.— The schooner
I Bering Sea returned to-day from the
| Copper River country. Her destination
! was Disenchantment Bay. but there
i were too many icebergs there to make
: navigation safe, so the twenty-six pas-
I sengers were landed at Takutat, a
small village on the coast. Captain j
i Grotte reports that but little progress ;
! has been made by the gold hunters i
now at Disenchantment Bay. The bay
has been frozen over during the win
ter, but the ice is beginning to float out
: on the tide.
According to the reports brought
down by the Bering Sea there has been
serious trouble between the skipperand
passengers on the schooner Morrill, now
at Yakutat. Before reaching there ad
verse winds were encountered and she
was driven some distance out of her
course. During this time the passen
gers became mutinous, and the captain
quelled a row by a liberal display of
guns in the hands of himself and crew.
Further trouble ensued, but without
serious result.
ALLEGED TIMBER TRESPASS.
Third Trial of the Suit Against the
Copper Queen Company.
FLAGSTAFF. Ariz., March 31.— T0-day
the Attorney-General of the United
States commissioned E. E. EUinwood as
Special Assistant United States District
Attorney to assist in the trial of the case
of the United States vs. the Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company.
This is a suit by the Government to re
cover $183,000 from' the Copper Queen
Mining Company for alleged timber tres
pass, and is probably the most important
case of this nature in the West. It has
twice been tried, with the result of a
disagreement of the jury at each trial.
BLAMES THE
WOMAN FOR
HIS CRIME
Sole Burden of the De-
fense of George
Clark.
Counsel Seeks to Prove
That He Was but
an Agent.
Points to the Victim's Widow
as the One Who Planned
the Murder.
CASE NEARING AN END
Closing Plea for the St. Helena Frat
ricide Will Be Concluded
To-Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 21.— 1t was a day of
words in the Clark case, and if words
could save the murderer's neck he
would never mount the gallows. Mr.
Hogan resumed his argument in the
morning and throughout the opening
session devoted himself to showing how
the woman was responsible for it all.
He denounced the widow of murdered
William Clark and declared that if a
murder was committed at all it was
because of her. Clark, according to
him, was a person easily led by the
temptress, and to her Mr. Hogan at
tempted to trace all blame for the death
of William Clark. He compared the
plain, homely, expressionless face his
hearers had all seen upon the stand to
the glorious, still living beauty of Cleo
patra; to the fascinating wife of Poti
phar; to all the beauties of history who
have led men astray, and the defendant
himself he compared to Joseph — who
fell not.
He called attention to the attitude of
the defendant througout the trial— an
attitude which has all the sprightliness
of an intelligent clam — and asked if
such a man could be guilty of such a
crime. The construction of George
Clark's head was also called into trie
case, and Mr. Hogan declared Clark's
appearance Justied his reputation for
peace and quiet.
This same head is the talk of all those
who have taken sufficinet trouble to
- come up into the courtroom to see it.
'It is all set forward of the neck. It ;
seems in a straight line up from the j
' shoulder blades and then the outline j
hurries angularly over the crown and
i down over the shallow, lowering bro*r, i
until it leaves his eyes just on a level i
with the middle of his ears; and then i
: leaving a dish nose and a mouth whose ;
weakness cannot be hidden by the j
! growth of hair around it, it wanders off ,
into a stubby growth of beard and
there ends in the air. His eyes are I
1 "lack-luster," inanimate, expressionless
Orb*, and altogether he looks a paradox i
— a man capable of nothing and capa- i
i ble of anything.
"The woman did it! The woman did ;
it!" was drummed into the Jury all j
day. "She lured him on; she led him j
first into the path of dishonor and then
: into the path of crime, if crime there
was," reiterated Mr. Hogan. "She did
1 it! She did it!" was the burden of the
: argument, and the man who, even
; granting that temptation was there,
: sacrificed his brother's honor, wrecked
hi« brother's home and then took his
brother's life, was held up as one fitted i
j to be again turned loose on a forbearing ;
I community.
Hogan described the defendant as one !
\ who had lied to save his paramour's \
honor and who would die if necessary
to save her name and liberty, but the
testimony shows that Clark was the
! first to assail the woman's attempts to
lead a better life by a threat to tell the
j world all she had been doing.
There was a point made about the
i absence of mud on the porch of William
Clark's house and also the fact that no I
pistol shot had been heard nor had the |
! fall of Clark's senseless body been
noted by any one in the house.
Mr. Hogan also showed how a pistol
i might have been held in the right hand '■
: so a man might have shot himself in
\ the left side of the head, and he tried to j
: show that the woman might have j
I pinned the message which asked
j George to come over at 6 o'clock upon
I the door.
There is a growing sentiment in Napa
'•■ and the surrounding country that the j
; chances are there will be a verdict fix- |
j ing the penalty at life imprisonment, i
There is no gmund for the beMef, how- i
ever, except that George Clark is al
most an idiot, and the jury may take
! that into consideration and so show
some leniency. It is not expected that
there will be any hesitation over a ver
dict of guilty.
Mr. Hogan will complete his argu
ment to-morrow.
BILLS RELATING TO
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Senate Committee Decides to Report
Measures for the Settlement of
Central Pacific Debts.
WASHINGTON, March 21. -The Sen
ate Committee on Pacific Railways to
day decided to report the bills for the
settlement of the Central Pacific and
the Sioux City and Pacific debts. The
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary
of the Interior and Attorney-General are
created a committee to settle the debt
and to make such extensions as may be
necessary to secure the Governments in
terest. In the case of the Central Pa
cific an amendment was adopted provid
ing that the full amount of th(? Govern
ment's principal and interest must be
paid. No limitation was placed on the
Burns City and Pacific, uirl it Is probable
that Senators Morgan and Harris will
make a minority report in favor of a sim
ilar restriction to that placed on the Cen
tral Pacific settlement.
CANAL COMMISSION
NOW AT PANAMA.
Copyrighted, ISOS. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March L'l.— The Panama
Canal Commission to inspect and report
on work done, and upon whose report
the future of the scheme depends, ar
rived at Colon last evening. The com
mission began its work to-day, looking
over some of the work done. The com
mission is composed of General Henry E.
Abbott, representing the United States;
Herr Koch, engineer of the Kiel canal,
and M. Choron. engineer-in-chief. En
gineers Paul Etienne and Zuroher are
with the commission, which will remain
in Colombia about a mouth.
NEVIN'S POLICY
NOT POPULAR
Why the Santa Fe Has
Lost Prestige in
California.
President Ripley Coming to
Investigate Recent Com
plaints.
Change in Management May Be One
Result of His Visit to This
State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— Within
the next two days President Ripley of
the Santa Fe system will arrive in Cal
ifornia. He is now at Albuquerque, N.
M., and General Manager Nevin of the
Santa Fe and Pacific will meet him at
Gallup and accompany him on his
westward trip.
The object of President Ripley's visit
at this time is given out at the general
offices of the company in this city as
simply an inspection of the company's
property, but it is understood that
more significance attaches to his com
ing than the officials here will admit.
The policy pursued by General Man
ager Nevin in handling the Santa Fe
system in Southern California has
given rise to a great deal of criticism.
These strictures have come from indi
viduals, firms and shippers generally,
who have in the past been stanch
friends of the Santa Fe road, but who
are now up in arms against the road.
The result has been the creation of a
public sentiment in this section of the
State which not only has a disastrous
effect on the compnay's business, but
which also has been a source of annoy
ance to President Ripley.
A great many who could not obtain
a satisfactory adjustment from Gen
eral Manager Nevin have referred their
differences to the president's office,
carrying them over Mr. Nevin and ap
pealing directly to the head of the
road. President Ripley, while here,
will, so it is understood, investigate
the causes of complaint that have been
made against Nevin and ascertain
what foundation really exists for them.
The president will also endeavor to
place the Santa Fe road in its former
position in the esteem of the people of
Southern California, who have always
looked upon it as a safeguard against
any Southern Pacific exactions.
Nevin's friends assert that he will
have no difficulty in proving to Presi
dent Ripley that he has acted wisely in
handling the shippers in this section.
Nevertheless a change in management
is looked for as one of the possibilities
of his visit.
CHILE CONFRONTED
WITH A NEW CRISIS.
Members of the Cabinet Have Been
Dismissed, While War Talk Is
Again Resumed.
VALPARAISO. March 21.— Chile is con
fronted by another ministerial crisis. The
members of the Cabinet have been dis
missed, and to Senor Eulojo Altamiraine
has been entrusted the work of forming
a new Cabinet. The confidence of all tho
political parties is now sought by tho
Government in view of the seriousn.
internal and foreign affairs. In private
circles one hears nothing but war talk.
Generally it is believed that a conflict is
unavoidable, but I have good reason to
believe that Chile will not declare par.
Argentina will not do so because she has
too much to lose.
CROPS BLIGHTED BY WIND.
Gale in the Interior Taps the Soil of
Its Moisture.
\»OODLANP. March 21.— 0n Sunday the
cold wind seemed to have subsided, and
the early hours this morning grave prom
ise of fair and warmer weather. About 9
o'clock a furious north wind sprang up
suddenly, and it *s rapidly*sa->-ing the
little moisture loft in the soil. The
prospects for grain and fruit crops are
not at all hopeful. The latter crop was
almost destroyed by frosts, and the
former is seriously threatened by winds
and lack of rain.
RETURN OF THE PINTA.
Naval Reserve Ship Casts Anchor at
Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, March 21.— The Na
val Reserve vessel Pinto arrived this
evening. Ensign Joseph Delaney of Santa
Barbara reserves reports a pleasant and
uneventful voyage. Two boats, guns
and cutlasses for the division here were
delivered by Lieutenant Gunn of the
Pinta. An informal reception was held
at the Armory in honor of the Pinta of
ficers to-night.
Confirmed by the Senate. ■
WASHINGTON*. March 21.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Perry Glasscock of Indiana, to' be Consul
at Baracoa, Cuba; Webster Street, to be
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
Arizona. Army — Commissary subsistence
department— Lieutenant-Colonel C. P. Ea
ni to be colonel. Major J. J. Claque to
be lieutenant-colonel. Captain A. L. Smith
to be major; also numerous other pro
motions in the navy and the revenue cut
ter service.
Stolen by a Mail-Carrier.
BISMARCK. N. D.. March 21.— The mys
terious disappearance of a package con
taining $1000 from the mails between Wil
ttamaport and Livonia was solved by the
confession of Walter Boutellier. mail car
rier, who has been under arrest. Bou
tehter said he concealed the package in
a deserted barn, where it was found by
tht> inspector, all the money and checks
being found but $60.
Flannelly's Death Warrant.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— Judge Lorigan
to-day signed the death warrant and
commitment of Thomas Flannelly tne
Redwood City parricide. The place of exe
cution was specified as the State prison at
San Quentin, and the condemned prisoner
will i>e taken there to-morrow morning
by Deputy Sheriff Tennant. Sheriff Mans
field, of San Mateo County, will join the
officer at Redwood City.
Pioneer Woman Gone.
SEATTLE. March 21.— Mrs. Lavina
Clark, an old pioneer of the Pacific Coast,
died in this city at the age of 67 years.
She left Philadelphia in 1556 via Panama,
to rejoin her husband in Mendoclno, Cal.
After residing in that State until recent
years, the Clark family removed to Se
attle.
Countess of Warwick Has a Son.
• LONDON. March 21.— The Countess of
Warwick, formerly Lady Brooke, has
given birth to a son.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
The largest printing office in the world
is in Washington. D. C. ; it is for printing
Government documents.
HALE HOUSE
LAID IN ASHES
Miners' Hotel at Butte De
stroyed at an Early
Hour.
Two of the Inmates Killed
While Escaping and Several.
Others Badly Injured.
Improvised Ropes Give Way and
Frightened Boarders Precipitated
to the Ground.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., March 21.— The Hale
House, a large three-story brick build
ing on East Broadway used as a lodg
ing and boarding house by miners in
the employ of the Anaconda Mining
Company, was entirely destroyed by
a fire which broke out shortly after 3
o'clock this morning. So far as known
two men are dead from injuries re
ceived in jumping from windows, an
other is dying and twenty are missing,
while a search of the ruins may dis
close the fact that many transient lodg
ers lost their lives also. The casualties
were as follows: Dead — Matt Doyie,
aged 45, miner at the Mountain Con
solidated, jumqed from a third-story
widow, turned over in the air and
struck on his head; Frank Kohedy,
aged 40, lately from Portland, Or.,
Jumped from a third-story window,
turned over and struck on his head and
shoulders, fracturing his skull.
Dying— Hugh Boyle, aged 30, miner
at the Anaconda mine, started to lower
himself from the third story by means
of an improvised rope, which parted
fifty feet from the ground. He was just
recovering from the effects of a broken
leg through an accident a month ago.
Injured — Pat Gilligan went down
with the third tloor when it collapsed
and was rescued by firemen, badly
burned; John T. Carter, a stranger in
the city, got out by means of a fire
escape, badly burned and cut by glass;
J. J. Conroy, burned on hands and frac
tured bones of one foot by leaping to
the ground; Barney Reynolds, fracture
of right leg. he found escape cut off ajid
made a rope of his blankets, which
broke when he was twenty feet from
the ground; Mike Judge, right arm
broken; he had rescued Patrick Boyle,
who was hanging by a section of im
provised rope that had broken from the
weight of Hugh Boyle; he and three
companions made another rope; the
others got down safely, but the rope
broke with Judge. John Irwin, burned
about neck and face and cut by glass:
he jumped from the third story, but
was only stunned by the fall.
There were 250 men and women in the
building when the fire broke out. Of
these it is believed about 200 escaped
without injury. The fire started in the
bakery house in the center of the build
ing and had a good start before dis
covered.
As fast as the inmates were rescued
or jumped those injured were placed in
vehicles and carried to the different
hospitals. Those injured or only slight
ly hurt betook themselves to the houses
of neighbors and friends in order to se
cure some clothing. No one saved any?
thing but what he or she had on at the
time of the fire. The night was bitterly
cold, the thermometer registering 5 de
grees beiow zero. As long as there ap
peared any chance of people being in
the building the firemen devoted their
attention mostly to saving "human life.
It was only after there was no further
chance to do this that they began work
on the fire in earnest. The fire had
gained such headway that two hours
after it began the wails had fallen.
The Hale House belonged to the Ana
conda Company. It was built in 1595 at
a cost of 170,000, and with the furniture
and belongings of the lodgers the loss
will reach fully $100,000.
HAVE NOT ENTERED
INTO A COMPACT
An Official Chinese Denial of
the Alleged Acts of Two
Viceroys.
While Complications in the Far
East Increase, Japan Hastens
War Preparations-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING, March 21.— An official Chi
nese denial has been issued of the state
ments made by a special correspondent
of the Shanghai Mercury at Kiu Kiang,
on March 4, who alleged that the Vice
roys of Kan King and Hu-Kuang and
the Governor of Hunan had entered into
a compact to direct the affairs of the en
tire Yang-tse-Kiang valley and its ad
joining territories. It is added that the
Emperor of China has no higher confi
dence in any one man than in the vice
roys of Nan King and Hu-Kuang and the
Governor of Hunan.
YOKOHAMA. March 22— The Parlia
mentary election returns show that the
two parties will have about equal
strength, and that some fifty neutrals
will probably hold the balance of power.
VIENNA. March 21.— The newspapers
announce that Janan. between 1895 and
1905 will have devoted 193,000.000 yen to the
building of warships. Forty-seven have
already been ordered, with short terms
of delivery, in England. France, Ger
many and the United States.
Dies in the Penitentiary.
SAN QUJfiNTIN PRISON. March 21.—
Eugene Lafferty, who was serving two
and a half years for a crime committed
in San Francisco, died in the penitentiary
this morning of consumption. He was 24
years old.
______^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
i; ELECTRO-MEDICAL i
:i L NERVOUS DISEASES I
! ►*■■ Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic Headaches, Nervous Twichings, Cold Feet m* '
i > |__ Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil Forebodings, Melancholy. WEAK AND "SB S£
, ,|™ SITING SPELLS. NERVOUS DEBIUTY and all its attendant ailments. The Z '
i > -^ awful effects of neglected or improperly treated cases, producing Weakness of - • ! .
1»C Body * nd Brain, Dizziness, Failing M«mory, Laci of Energy and Confidence til. '
, , r* Chest pains and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Medical treatment is "* 5
 |^ the onlr successful cure for nervous ailments. ,- ' . . - t , : '." B *► :
: ' ' *H> nrJ*i lrJ? Yo . L m"r; h n^ 9 8^ ff(Srin » tQ " "salts of indiscretions, to the MID- "l! !
'' mm ?L? LE feD - OLD MEN who are paying the penalties- for excesses ana too X
, !Mf»sts life, tins treatment isa certain cure. It imparts new life to the whole ™ &
■' » T ™ t VhV B ™i a ?^ ewea^* s dormant organs, all their natural strength _J
  . . returns, the. mind becomes bright and active, the muscles become firm and "I
o■ ■ strong, fBC » the whole being is filled with new life and vitality, bringing to X
, ,||| maa the manly power and mental brightness which is necessary lor Mia to P* B^
[< , ■■■ possess in order to cope with the realities of life. We can truthfully say to all « *A
X ,_. suffering from such troubles that our treatment is THE CURE; it Is abiolut*- ■ !
;J !=! = in^SSse^Se'wo^ U lastln « ; U never fail *= it makes MAN tfi°«L& H|
\ ;H Write if you cannot call. ffl|
o CONSULTATION FREE at Office or iy Letter. I
I! STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE I
♦ ENTRANCE. 3 EDDY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. %
••#•♦•••»♦♦ »♦♦»♦♦♦« <e<<»tt>»o<»»#w>
■ -..-:. : ■ ■ . ' ■ . •'••^*Ttnr*ii¥Tr*Trii*(»iiii * i rinnTnmiiiM iiTiVmi'i mmi ■ii ■ ■• . ■ ■vksrSSS
CAPTURE OF
A WILD MAN
Pursued to His Cave and
Taken After a Hard
Fight.
This Most Peculiar Human
Freak Frightened Farmers
of Connecticut.
Hunger Compelled Him to Sally Forth
and Finally Led to His
Pursuit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 21.— After an excit
ing chase of three hours through the
woods in the vicintiy of Beacon Falls,
Conn., a posse of citizens, headed by
Chief Hosford of Naugatuck, late last
night captured a wild man who has
been terrorizing residents of Connecti
cut for many months.
The freak wore only a pair of trous
ers, torn off at the knees, and his face
and body were covered with a long
growth of shagrv hair. He was hunt
ed from the outskirts of Naugatuck,
where he was spied by Dennis Ken
nedy, who gave the alarm, to his cave
in the hills three miles from habita
tion. When he reached the mouth of
his cave he attempted to bar the way of
his pursuers by letting down a door
made of young trees. His captors were
close on bis heels, however, and the
barrier was broken down and the queer
object was dragged out. He fought
like a tiger and it required the com
bined efforts of eight men to subdue
him. ..
Instructions had been given to the
pursuers, who were armed with clubs
and revolvers, not to shoot or strike the
object of their chase, as it was desired
to capture him alive. Once subdued he
was carried to the lockup, securely
ironed. He talked in a rambling vein
and said no harm could come to him,
as he had supernatural assistance.
After some questioning he said his
name was Charles Bradley, but refused
to say where he belonged. In his cay»
were found kitchen utensils and a
quantity of food— chickens and vegeta
bles stolen from near-by farms. The
man has been seen frequently of late
dodging about farms, where it is be
lieved hunger had driven him.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
J. J. Hebbron of Salinas Argues a
Hequest for the Extension of the
Cattle Quarantine Line.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— J. J. Heb
bron of Salinas, president of the Cattle
Rangers' Association of Monterey County,
who is in Washington in the interest of
having the cattle quarantine line in Cali
fornia further extended, was to-day ac
companied by Senator Perkins, Represen
tative Castle and A. J. Harrell of Yisalia
to see Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
and Dr. Salman, chief of the Bureau
of Animal Industry- Hebbron presented
the case to them, saying that unless the
department extended the quarantine line
the cattu mt-n would lose over lOO.OuO head
of cattle this season. He said that in
that section of California in Whit** the
had suffered so much from the
drought most of the cattlemen owned or
controlled lands in Nevada, and all they
asked was that the department regula
tions be modified by extending the line
and allowing them the privilege of re
moving their cattle at once. Hebbron also
tea to tht-m the Indorsements of the
State Agricultural Society and affidavits
! from leading cattlemen of California. Thu
Secretary said he would take the mat
ter under consideration and will report
in a few days.
The House to-day passed bills granting
pensions to Mrs. Hannah C. Pile and.
Mrs. Louise Anderson of Los Angeles at
the rate of $3u and ?J4. respectively.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Homestead. San Joaquin County, Cal..
and John C. Grider appointed postmas-
ter.
The Senate passed a bill to remit the
penalty of 532,823 imposed upon the Union
Iron SVorks of San Francisco for lack
of required speed of the Monterey on her
trial trip: buo to pay the same company
$14,742 for extra work on the Monterey.
Representative Loud to-day presented a
petition of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of San Francisco ask
ing for a modification of the interstate
commerce law.
Representative Hilhorn to-day presented
a resolution of the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, favoring the passage of
the bill for enrollment and organisation
of the naval reserve forces of the United
States: also a petition of citizens en" Oak
land and Sacramento, praying for the
passage, of the immigration Mil; also reso
lutions adopted by a Republican mass
meeting held in Alameda asking for the
repeal of the < ivii service law.
Representative Barham to-day present
ed resolutions adopted by Santa Rosa
Grange No. 17 (.Patrons u f Husbandry)
favoring the establishment of a postal
savings bank.
Representative Loud to-day introduced
a bill providing for the consolidation of
all postoffices within the limits of what
is known as Greater New York.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California -Original — Joseph \V. Daily.
Plateau. $6: Robert Biddfe, Pasadena. ?*':
"Wesley Smith, San Diego. $8; John Alvin
Hall. Stockton. *;. Original widows, etc.
— Laura C. Headley, Fresno, $17: Emaline
Burnside. Fresnoj $8. M< x;. . n war wid
ows—©rpha Robinson, Booneville. $S.
Oregon— Original— William K. Copeland.
Salem, $8: John J. Gard. Clarkes, $8. In
crease—Henry Richards, Myrtle Point. $S
to $12.
Washington— Original— Henry S. Lllla
gare, Orting. $12.
POWER FOR MARYSVILLE.
Electric Current Transmitted From a
Point in the Sierra Nevada.
MARYSVII.T.K. March JL— W. Frank
Pierce, president of the Blue Lakes Water
Company, at 5:30 this afternoon, touched
the button connecting Marysvillo with the
power plant of the Tuba Power Company,
which produces its current twenty-three
miles distant in the Sierra Nevada* The
town is Jubilant over the advent of the
company, which reduces illuminating
rates oOper cent and affords cheap power
for manufacturing.CROLY'S ASSAILANTS
QUICKLY CAPTURED
BURGLARS
TAKEN BY
THEPOLICE
Gathered In by Chief
Dwyer Soon After
the Shooting.
Leroy and Searight the
Ones Who Committed
the Crime.
One Identified by Their Victim
as the Man Who Did
the Shooting.
BOTH ARE OLD OFFENDERS
Their Arrest Dv« to Statements
Wrung in the Nick of Time From
a Former Pal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 21.— The two
burglars who assaulted E. J. Croly last
night have been captured, identified by
Croly and W. H. Hanlon, and the prob
abilities are that the one who escaped
before his accomplice shot his victim
Will confess to the whole affair. Leroy
and Searight are the names of the as-
sailants, and both have unsavory pris
on records. Mr. Croly was resting
easier this evening, but his family and
friends are still apprehensive of fatal
results.
Chief of Police Dwyer lost no time
after the shooting in calling upon of
ficers and setting them to work to
guard all avenues by which the burg
lars might escape. Sheriff Johnson
and several of his deputies also entered
into the search.
The Chief and Officers Fisher and
Fitzgerald went to the Lafayette sa
loon, where they took into custody a
young man named Darwin, whom they
knew to be a dangerous character and
who had been seen in company with
two other men of equally bad character.
They did a wise thing in arresting
Darwin, for through him the police
succeeded in catching the burglars.
Soon after the Chief began questioning
Darwin he had him cornered. Darwin
cattne here last Wednesday from
Marysville, with Leroy and Searight,
where they had served a term together
in the County Jail.
"Where are those men now?" asked
Chief Dwyer.
"They went out to-night to do a job.
They wanted me to go along with them,
but I got a little nervous and would not
have anything to do with the proposi
tion."
Continuing Darwin said that when
they came here from Marysvllle Leroy
had some nippers of the kind which
burglars use. Since then, said Darwin,
the two men had provided themselves
with a revolver and jimmies with the
intention of engaging in a general
burglary business. Darwin told the
Chief that Leroy and Searight had
room 24 in the Vendome, a lodging
house on X street, between Third and
Fourth. Chief Dwyer and Officers
Fisher and Fitzgerald went to the
room, but the men had not arrived.
They waited for a long time, when the
chief went out and summoned Officer
Hardy to come and relieve Fitzgerald
for a while.
Just as Hardy reached the top of the
stairs he met Leroy and Searight, who
were coming out of room 29, they hav
iner changed their quarters. The other
officers were called and the two men
were taken to the station house. Le
roy had just shaved off his mustache
and the razor with which he had donf
it was secured. The officers were un
able, however, to find any revolver or
burglars' tools. This morning Officer
Bailey found a burglar's lantern in
Croly's yard.
When Leroy and Searight were taken
to the City Prison they were so ner
vous they could scarcely speak or
3tand. They trembled like leaves in a
gale of wind. On the left side of Le
roy's face were bloody scratches as if
they were made by the fingernails of
Borne one. There was also a scratch
at the corner of his mouth and
scratches on his neck. Questioned as
to how the marks came there, Leroy
Baid they had been caused by shaving.
Chief Dwyer, after having Leroy
stripped and his clothes thoroughly
searched, had him dress himself again.
Then he and Officers Fisher and Fitz
perald took the prisoner in a carriage
to the Croly residence, to see if the
wounded man could identify him.
Although Mr. Croly wns in a very
;v^ak condition 1 he raised himself up to
look at the features of the prisoner.
The Chief hf-ld a lighted candle by the
Bide of the prisoner's face, and Croly
looked closely at the fellow. Presently
he spoke, his voice h<>ing weak and
scarcely above a whisper.
"I am quite certain," said Croly.
'that is the man with whom I grappled
in the dark and who fired the shots at
me." Leroy was taken back to the City
THE CROLY RESIDENCE AT SACRAMENTO
E. J. CROLY, the Victim of a Burglar's Bullet.
Jail, and now occupies the old cell of
Mortimer, the murderer.
The Chief of Police says there can be
no doubt that the right men have been
captured. He also says they are the
same men who have committed other
robberies and burglaries in the city
within the past few days. This is not
the first time Jim Searight has been
in jail in Sacramento. In fact, he has
been locked up several times for petty
thefts and on suspicion of having com
mitted burglaries. There is a warrant
on file now against him for having
burglarized a store at Twentieth and
M streets a few years ago. He came
from a highly respected family. At
one time his father was a prominent
merchant in San Francisco. Meeting
with financial reverses the father came
to Sacramento and worked for a num
ber of years as a clerk in a department
store. Mrs. Searight died a couple of
years ago in San Francisco while her
son was in jail here for some petty
offense. The officers turned him loose
at that time to let him go and attend
the funeral On the way to San Fran
cisco he stopped at Suisun or Dixon
and committed a burglary.
WILKINS THREATENED
BY A PRISON GUARD.
Director Buns the Risk of Being
Shot While at San
Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 21.—
James H. Wilkins, a member of the Board
of Prison Directors, had a novel experi
ence at the penitentiary yesterday. Wil
kins was riding a bicycle on the road
which skirts the prison walls, when hf>
was held up by a guard, who displayed
a rifle in a suggestive manner and told
the director to halt.
Wilkins replied that he was an officer
of the prison, but the guard informed him
that any one might say that, and if he
did not want to run the risk of being
punctured by a little piece of lead he
had better turn about and wheel the
other way. Wilkins told the fellow to
shoot if he desired, and kept on his way
toward the penitentiary. The guard con
cluded not to take the chances of mak
ing a mistake and so allowed the official
to go along without molestation.
TWO BUOYS SHIFT
THEIR POSITIONS.
Kevenue Cutter Perry Reports the
Whereabouts of Numbers One
and Two.
PORT ANGELES, March 21.— The reve
nue cutter Perry, Captain M. L. Phillips,
arrived here to-day from Discovery Bay.
Captain Phillips reports buoy No. 1, black,
off Protection Island, has shifted posi
tion and is now nearly on the beach in
side the spit; also that buoy No. 2, red,
off New Dungeness, was picked up while
drifting in the straits. He towed it into
Dungeness harbor, and it is now anchored
inside the spit.
SAN DIEGO DAMAGED
BY THE RAILWAY POOL
Reason Given for the Withdrawal of
a Contract for a Water
System.
SAN DIEGO, March 21.— President Bab
cock of the Southern California Mountain
Water Co. sent a letter to the Council to
night withdrawing from his contract for
building the new water system. He urges
the doubtful outcome of bond litigation
and especially the attitude of the Santa
Fe Railroad toward San Diego and the
disastrous effects nf the pool between the
Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific. The
letter will create a sensation through
Southern California.
Contract for a Sewer System.
SALINAS. March 21.— L. U. Grant has
been awarded the contract for the con
struction of the entire sewer system for
the Spreckels beet sußar factory and the
new town there. The specifications call
for a sewer ranging from a four and a
half foot conduit to an eight-inch sewer
pipe, and will be four miles long. The
work must be completed in sixty days
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
FELL FROM A
THIRD STORY
Awful Plunge of Two
Laborers Near
Salinas.
Hurled to the Earth by the
Breaking of a Large
Plank.
Accident at the Now Sugar Factory
That .Neither Man Is Likely
to Survive.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SALINAS, March 21. —As Garrett
Hope and George Bullene, two of the
men employed at the sugar factory,
were engaged this afternoon in hoist
ing a large plank to the third story it
broke. The plank was to have been
used in making a platform for one of
the immense sugar pans and had been
landed on the girders with the men
seated on either end.
Hope arose and walked on the plank
to release the hoisting hook when the
plank broke in the center. He seized
hold of a rope and was rapidly lowered
to the ground. He saruck an iron beam
on the way down, which cut his face
open. The palms of his hands were
burned and a rib broken close to the
cartilage. His injuries are likely to
prove fatal.
Bullene was thrown forward from his
end of the plank. He fell between the
girders and in his descent struck
against a concrete pier, tearing his nose
half off and laying his left cheek wide
open. Continuing in his fall head first,
he struck the ground fifty-two feet
from the girders that held the plank,
striking on a small, sharp-pointed rock,
which made a triangular cut in the cen
ter of his forehead and rendered him
unconscious. Bullene was found to
have sustained concussion of the brain
and severe internal Injuries, which it
is feared will prove fatal before morn
ing. He is married and has a wife and
child.
No blame is attached to any one, It
having been found upon investigation
that the plank, which had been used
for some time past, had what is known
as a blind knot in the center. If sound
it would have been strong enough to
support twenty men.
BROOKS CHOSEN FOR
MARYSVILLE'S MAYOR.
Lively Municipal Election in the
Metropolis of Yuba County.
MARYSVILLE, March fL— Lively inter
est was taken in the municipal election
held in this city to-day, 790 ballots being
cast. For the offices of Mayor, Clerk,
Marshal and Treasurer the Democrats
and the Republicans had fused, those
elected being: Mayor, Charles S. Brooks,
Democrat; Clerk, F. E. Smith, Democrat;
Marshal, J. A. Maben, Republican, and
Treasurer. W. C. Swain, Republican.
Fur Councilman, First Ward, Adam
Euler, Democrat, defeated Henry Berg,
R< publican, by 53 majority; for Council
man, Second Ward, F. W. Potter, Re
publican, had a majority of 53 over Dr.
(,'. K. Stone, Democrat; for Councilman,
Third Ward, L. C. Williams, incumbent
Republican, defeated G. W. Hamerly,
Democrat, by 77; for Councilman, Fourth
Ward. Henry Sieber, Republican, had a
majority over H. Frohn, Democrat, of 338.
The Republican nominees for School Com
missioner, Dr. D. Powell, J. E. Boorman
and H. B. P. Carden, were elected by
handsome majorities over F. B. Miller.
D. J. Kertchem and W. A. Lowery, the
Democratic nominees. Euler was the
only Democrat elected to the board.
After Santa Cruz Offices.
SANTA CRUZ, March 21.— The city
election which will occur next month is
likely to be very exciting. To-day was
the last day for filing petitions. The
nominees are as follows: Mayor, H. H
Clark and W. H. Lamb; City Treasurer'
C. E. Williams; City Clerk and Assessor'
J. L. Wright and Oscar L. Tuttle; Coun
cilmen—First Ward. W. V. Prinsle, Wil
liam Ely, R. E. Hamilton; Second Ward
H. Randall and W. D. Tait; Third Ward'
Jacob Leibbrandt, R. L. Cardiff; Fourth
Ward. John B. Maher; Library Trustees
F. W. Bliss, J. W. Linscott, D. C. Clark'
C. L. Anderson, E. L. Williams.
NEWSPAPEB THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
STILL FARCE
AND VARIETY
"1492" Once Again With
Lots of Redeeming
Features.
Unseemliness of Female Im
personators as Typified
by Stuart
Alcazar's New Farce, Moroseo Melo
drama and the Orpheum's
One-Aot Play.
It was my fortune to be off on a vaca
tion while "1492" was here at the Bald
win a couple of seasons back, so I can
not draw any sagacious comparisons be
tween that production and the present at
the Columbia. With the exception of a
few songs and a few hundred jokes and
puns that have survived in other shows
"1492" was IS9S for me last night. And it
seems a piece that should age beautifully,
even for those who have seen it before,
since the author is never brought to ques
tion and the entertainment depends
wholly on the people who are giving it
and fleet stage management. Everybody
who sat near me seemed to know all
about the Baldwin performance and to
be quite amused by this one, so I feel
safe in estimating the difference between
the two productions at not a cent over
50 cents, the difference in the price of
seats.
The most poignant alteration is, I
dare say. in the part of Isabella, which
is now played by Stuart, of the large
Patti family. There are Black, White,
Irish and other Pattis. Stuart distin
guishes himself from his relatives by be
ing male. However, his maleness is not
insisted upon in the performance. With
out a programme you might easily take
him for the tired mother of the whole
Patti tribe.
If there is one branch of theatrical
work which I am incapable of judging
without prejudice, it is "female imper
sonation." A young woman in knickers
or in doublet and hose I can enjoy to the
full extent of her talent; but a man in
woman's clothes, affecting her guiles and
graces, gives me creeps and goose-flesh.
And I have yet to meet one of these
emasculated warblers who does not strut
like a peacock and sing like two.
But don't let my disesteem of Stuart
interfere with your enjoyment of
"1492"; he is by no means the whole
show. There are Ferdinand of Aragon
and Christopher Columbus, for instance,
most excellently well done by Carl An-
derson and Francis Gaillard. Mr. Ander
son sings several venturesome vrses of
comic song with such artless insinuation
that you hardly notice their vulgarity.
Mr. Gaillard's sones are virtuous, but
his singing is a sin. Nevertheless he is
a comedian of keen character apprecia
tion and makes a strong showing in bur
lesque.
I did not think much of Thomas Peas-
ley's tramp specialty, which was vulgar
without being; funny, but Master Tommy
Meade's imitations of Andrew Mjckwere
prodigiously entertaining. Only I could
not see where the imitation part came
in. Master Meade has personality and
voice that are purely his own; he sings
with poise and finish and his tone is de-
lightfully free aivl true. There is no
reason why he hould imitate Andrew
Mack or anybody else; there is a plenty
of good inspiration and material in his
own little self.
Another live feature is the Herald
Square Quartet, which diff.-rs from most
quartets in being really funy in the funny
songs. The girls of "1492" are not dan-
gerous to look upon nor especially siren
like in voice. They harmonize almost too
well with the scenery in the second act,
which mainly consists of an eruptive ad
vertisement for somebody's tomato cat
sup.
Those who deplore the present invasion
of farce and vaudeville may take com
fort in the news that the next attrac
tion at the Columbia will be James J.
Corbett. ASHTON STEVENS.
Morosco's.
Oliver Byron's "The Upper Hand,"
thanks to the loyal support of the nailery,
scored, from the point of generous ap
plause, a most decided success at Moros
co's last evening. "The Upper Hand" is
in every sense of the word a melodrama,
in which the old reliable components of
love, hatred and revenge are compounded
in the old reliable manner. It has been
played here before. Its story was told in
an earlier issue. It is just the son of
play that goes at Morosco's, and last
night's audience played the usual big
part in the enthusiasm of the production
They like their plays on tne old old
scheme at Morosco's, where the hero is
entirely right and the villain wholly
wrong.
Frederick Tjader, as Iko Beetam, was
fairly amusing, and La Petite Lund one
of those infant prodigies who have af
flicted the stage for many moons, quite
captured the audience. The company gave
the usual positive performance of the
usual parts.
Alcazar.
Farce comedy usually does well at the
Alcazar, but "The Girl Up to Date "
produced last night for the first time
here, is rather too boisterous to nlease
the patrons of that theater. Around a
very improbable plot are hung impos
sible incidents in a combination that is
more productive of anxiety than of
amusement. The innovation of semi
vaudeville in the third act is a nlpq^inn
relief from the play Itself, Miss Lilian
Leslie being especially acceptable in hor
coon songs. With a beautiful voic
splendid figure and catchy smile she was
a pronounced success from her first en
trance. The company makes the most'of
its chances.
Tivoli.
Interlarded with innumerable special
ties, the "Widow O'Brlon" is up for fun
again at the Tivoli. The plot of the old
farce is not entirely stifled by the musi
cal and vaudeville interpolations, but it
is hardly the same piece, for which many
persons will not be ungrateful With
Thomas Leary as the Widow ' Edwin
Stevens as the Count, Misa ri'all in a
"coon" part and John Raffael Arthur
Donaldson and Tillie Salinger well in the
foreground, the production is safe for a
short season.
Orpheum.
The one-act play, "Mrs. Hogan's Musio
Teacher," presented by Mr. and Mrs
Charles T. Ellis, at the Orpheum "this
week is a disappointment, not only to the
patrons of the house, but also to the
management. It is neither clever as i
skit, nor is it handled by the Ellises and
their little company in a manner tint
pleases Orpheum goers. Other pood turns
however, keep up the average of the
bill.
Baldwin.
"The Mysterious Mr. Bugle" entered its
second and last weets at the Baldwin to
small attendance.
"The Cat and the Cherub" and Anna
Held are of the attraction which follows.
Chutes.
The Zoo is drawing well out at the
Chutes.
Wong Hike's Oath.
Deputy United States Attorney Schlea
lnger yesterday filed a complaint against
Wongr Hike in the United States District
Court charging him with being a con
victed felon and asking that he be de
ported. Wong Hike was convicted of
felony In oan Francisco in 1883 and served
a term in the penitentiary. In 1894 he se
cured a certificate of residence by swear
ing that he never had been convicted of
a felony. As three years have elapsed,
prosecution for perjury has outlawed, so
he will be deported for the other cause.
ELEVATOR ACCIDENT.
W. H. Wiggins of the Appraiser's
Building Mangled.
W. H. Wiggins, the man in charge of
the elevator in the Appraiser's building,
was seriously injured yesterday morning
by the sudden starting of the cage. He
was caught between the floor of the cage
and the top of the door frame and sus
tained a compound fracture of the right
thigh. Then he fell out of the cage into
the bottom of the pit, a distance of about
twenty feet.
Besides the fractured leg the unfortu
nate man was badly bruised about the
body and cut on the head.
But for the presence of mind and the
prompt action of J. W. Hamilton, the
engineer, Wiggins would have been
crushed to death against the door frame.
Mr. Wiggins got to the elevator at 8:28
in the morning, and proceeded to make
the usual examination of the working
parts within the cage. He found some
grit or sand in the quadrant, or slot, in
which the hand lever was moved to and
fro to start and to stop the cage, and
went into the basement for a handful
of "waste" with which to wipe the slot.
Engineer Hamilton proceeded to the cage
for the purpose of making an examina
tion on his own account. Wiggins, in
explaining the matter, stood with one
foot in the cage and one foot outside
with his hand on the lever, moving it
gently to and fro without, however, start
ing the cage. Suddenly his right foot
Slipped, throwing the weight of his body
backward and starting the cage upward
at full force. Wiggins was sitting strad
dling the outer edge of the floor of the
elevator with his left leg handing down ;
in the open doorway at the time he was !
caught. Hamilton, who was in the ele- !
vator. at once threw back the lever and !
reversed the motion, but too late to pre- j
vent the accident. As the machine start- |
cd to descend, Wiggins fell out and down
into the pit.
The injured man was taken to the Har
bor Emergency Hospital, where the frac
ture was reduced by Drs. Hill and Dig
gins. He was then at his own request
sent in the ambulance to St. Luke's Hos
pital. The injured man has a wife and
two children depending upon him for sup
port. His salary as elevator attendant
was ISO per month, and he had been hold
ing the position for only a few months.
His father is assistant engineer on the
steamer San Rafael.
KLAMATH COMPANY
MUST VACATE
A Restraining Injunction Has
Been Issued in the Cir
cuit Court.
An Interesting Case Involving th«
Possession of » Lumber
Plant.
An injunction was issued Friday morn
ing by Judge Morrow in the Circuit Court
prohibiting the Klamath River Lumber
Company from holding possession of saw
mills and other property on the Klamath
River which have been leased by the
Pokegama Sugar Pine Lumber Company.
The case is an interesting one owing to
the excitement created by the seizure of
the mills and property last month. The
plant was originally owned by the Kla
math Company, of which J. S. Scott is
president. The original owners were un
able to make th>- venture pay, and on
March 30, 1837, the whole plant was leased
for a term of years by Hervey Lindley
at a yearly rental of $1, with privileges of
extending the time of the lease, Lindley
to pay the Klamath Company a percent
age of the profits accruing, if any.
Things went along smoothly for a time
and Lindiey began to make money out of
the venture. In September. 18y7, he or
ganized the Pokegama Company and sold
the lease to it tor a good round sum.
The new company invested about $50,000
in the plant, cut a great quantity of lum
ber and were preparing to ship it to the
mills when a new company, which is
said to be identical with the box pool,
appeared on the scene and offered to buy
the plant. The figures they offered were
considered too low, and the Pokegama
Company refused to sell. The new buy
ers then approached the old Klamath
Company and offered to purchase the
plant outright, but would not offer a fig
ure large enough to satisfy the holders
of the. lease. The representatives of the
Klamath Company then decided to force
the sale, and accordingly appeared at the
mill one night last month and drove the
watchman from the premises with a shot
gun. President Cook took possession of
the office at the works, stationed an
armed guard outside and brought the
business to a standstill, intending to hold
the fort until the lessees would be obliged
to sell out for whatever they could get.
The Pokegama Company then secured the
services of Attorney E. S. Pillsbury, who
at once sued for an injunction restraining
the Klamath Company from forcibly hold
ing the property. The suit was hurried
into the Circuit Court, as delay meant
ruin owing to the rapid passing of the
lumber season, and Friday the injunction
was issued. As the defendants are insol
vent no suit for damages will ensue.
Lead Ores.
The Treasury Department notified Col
lector Jackson yesterday that the de
partment has rescinded so much of cir
cular 184 of November 4, 1897, (Synopsis
18349) regarding the transporting, sampling
and assaying of lead bearing ores, which
directs the liquidation of entries of such
ores upon the basis of reports to be fur
nished by the Director of the Mint on the
assay of samples forwarded by him. Por
tions of such samples will continue to
be forwarded to the Director of the Mint
with reports of assays made by local
assays for occasional verification.
Government assay ers will, whenever re
quired, be duly stationed at smelting es
tablishments for the assaying of ores
transported under bond.
Saved by Marriage.
Angelo Tosehi, a barkeeper, 22 years of
age, has been in the City Prison since
Friday on a charge of abducting Octavia
Vannucci, a girl, 16 years of age, living
at 420 Broadway. Yesterday afternoon
with the consent of the girl's parents
Tcachl was married to her by Justice
of the Peace Barry, and Judge Campbell,
at the request of Detective Reynolds, re
leased Tosehi from custody.
Mismated Couples Separated.
J. G. Lummis has been granted a di
vorce from Ada F. Lummis on the ground
of desertion.
Judge Bahrs yesterday granted the fol
lowing divorces: Frances J. May from
Enoch May, cruelty and failure to pro
vide; Mamie Tessier from John P. Tes
sier, cruelty, and Alice White from David
R. White, cruelty.
Pinioned by a Horse.
S. W. Towle. 530 Third street, was ris
ing a horse yesterday morning at Frurth
and Townsend streets, and the animal
slipped on the rails and fell. Towle *vas
pinioned beneath the horse, but escaped
with a fracture of his left wrist. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Orpen Must Wait.
The argument in the extradition case of
Dr. Arthur Herbert Orpen, wanted by the
New Zealand authorities for murder, was
concluded in the United States Circuit
court yesterday, and the case went over
to a week from to-day, when testimony
will be introduced on behalf of the pris
oner.
Held for Embezzlement.
Daniel Lynch was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlon on a charge of felony em
bezzlement in $2000 bonds. He was book
keeper for Captain Anderson, a ship
chandler on East street, and embezzled
the funds of his employer. Last weeß
he was held on another charge.
THE MATE'S
REVENGE
"Lengthy" Williams Recounts
a Weird Kxperienee of
His Youth.
"I suppose you old fellows who have followed the pea ever since you were
boys and whose recollections go back to the days when steam was yet a matter
of speculation, when iron went Into the water in the form of sinkers for fishing
lines, and when vessels, whose standing rigging was all of good manila or hemp
Instead of steel, hoisted their sails to the tune of a well-sung shanty instead of
the hissing of a winch, have had some weird experiences that would make
good stories if you chose to tell them," I remarked to "Lengthy" Williams as
that gentleman leaned over his favorite pile on Washington street wharf and
gazed down in a contemplative manner at the tide that went rippling by, mC
tionless as a statue, save for the occasional lifting of his weather eye as he
swept that comprehensive member along the horizon or let it rest for a mo
ment in approval or disapprobation on the hull and spars of some craft lying at
anchor in the stream.
"Lengthy" did not answer me for a moment or two, then turning his whole
body with the slow rotary motion of a frigate's swivel gun until his weather
beaten figurehead was pointed squarely toward me, he carefully removed an
exceedingly short and very black pipe that had been sticking from an aperture
in his face and said: "What dyer mean by weed?" I explained to the best of my
ability that weird meant something uncanny, strange, supernatural, out of the
ordinary course of human events.
He listened gravely to my explanation, and when I had finished said: "Ef
yer wanted ter say ghosts yer oughter jest sung out ghosts and I would ha'
know'd wot yer wuz drivin' at." Then relaxing somewhat: "Sit down on thia
'er stringer alongside o' me an' I'll spin yer th* d— st yarn yer ever had throw'd
inter yer lug, an' th' best o' it is. it's true as yer sittin' alongside me.
"When I wuz 'er lad, 'bout th' size uv 'er spare pump an' 'bout ez much use,
I wuz cabin boy on th' brig Kangeroo, bound frum Port McQuarry, Van Die
mens Land, ter Melbourne, Australia.
"The whole ship's company was hard nuts, but th' secon' mate wuz 'er
bucko uv th' worst kind. I've seed many 'er tough mate, but this 'er Kelly boat
'em all. He wuz 'er Liverpool Irishman, an' had sold matches along th' docks
afore he run away ter sea as 'er packet rat on one uv them \Y. st» in ocean
blood tubs, an' though he wuz "er good sailor he'd th' temper uv th' devil an'
used th' men like a Portugee slave driver.
"It wuz black eyes an' broken heads all along th' line frum th' time we
weighed anchor, an' I knowed, from th' way th' men talked when he wuz aft,
that sumthin' would happen sooner 'er later. All han's wuz afeared uv him. as
he uster say th' man didn't live who cud cross him an* he not get back. But
flesh an' blood ain't 'er goin' ter stan' everythin', an' one dark night th' feller on
th' lookout sung out th' fore sheet had parted, an' Kelly went up on th' fo'cas
tle ter see ter havin' a new one rove.
"That wuz th' last as wuz ever seen uv him, though when th' first mate cum
on deck at th' end uv th' watch ter relieve him his hat wuz foun' on th' main
deck at th' break uv th' poop.
"All han's forrud know'd that a young Glasgow chap by th' name uv Waddy
Frazier wuz th' feller that done th' trick, but none uv us ever squealed, an'
when we left Melbourne fur London aroun' th' cape Waddy wuz still one uv th'
crew.
"Xow 'ere is th' ghost part uv th' story. Yer knows that when sailors die
they becomes gonies, mates cape pigeons an' cappens turns inter albatrosses.
Well, this 'ere Kelly wus red-headed. One day off th' cape a squall cum on an'
all han's wuz sent aloft ter take in th' light sails. Waddy wuz way out at th 1
end uv th' royal yard, when along cum a cape pigeon with er head full uv red
feathers, an' flyin' straight at him struck him full in th' face an' knocked him
off th' stick. We hove to an' looked fur him, but he never cum *up agin after he
onct struck th' water.
"Now, I don't know nuthin' uv ghosts an' sich, but th" whole thing has allus
looked mighty funny ter me. Maybe you fellers kin explain it. Anyhow, there's
th" story, an' it's true, s'help me, boy!"
SUMMER SCHOOL
AT THE SEASIDE
Stanford University Classes to
Study at Pacific
Grove.
From Thres to Four Hundred Per
sons Will Probably Be in
Attendance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, March 211.— The Stan
ford University Summer School is to be
removed from the university and this year
will hold its sessions in Pacific Grove.
Owing to the recent decision of Mrs.
Stanford, that the summer school should
no longer be conducted at the university,
it was feared the eight weeks of teachers'
work would have to be abandoned, but
the question was considered by a com
mittee appointed for the purpose, and the
decision reached that if accommodations
could* be secured the school would be re
moved to Pacific Grove.
Professor Cox, head of the department
of mathematics, came to Pacific Grove
yesterday to investigate the suitability
of this town as a place for conducting
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ • '
A Physical Giant!
HE PERFECTION OF THAT GREAT FORCE KNOWN AS MANLY
I strength is a work of Nature. Thousands of men have been gifted with a
constitution fit to build such a physical structure . upon, but they have
wasted the material that makes the muscle vitality. A man who has ex-
hausted his vital strength by excesses and bad habits has weakened his
physical structure, and he will always be a weak, "half-man" until he gets it
back. There is one great vitalizer.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
No man knows what wonders this famous Belt accomplishes until he feels
its inspiring, invigorating life flowing through his nerves. But see the proofs
of its great work— see the grand, powerful men who praise it, for it has made
them what they are— physical giants. They are everywhere. Every town in
the country has from one to twenty men made strong by Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt.
Read Dr. Sanden's Book About It.
. This book is free. :It tells how the Belt cures all the effects of early In- |
discretions, such as Nervous and Physical -Debility, Weak Kidneys, Weak
Stomach and other troubles. It tells of other men cured and the prices. It !
is free. Get it to-day.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., Make 6ure ot the Number, 1
OAHUraX £LLI/imt V/V., 632 Market Street.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los An- '
geles, Cal, 204& South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Den- '
ver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. I
the school, and- to make the necessary
arrangements, if possible. He conferred
with Professor R. L. Sandwiek of the
high school and the city school trustees,
and procured from them the promise of
the use of the high and primary school
buildings, and from the Pacific Improve
ment Company and the hotels very ad
vantageous terms for boarding accommo
dations for those who will attend the
school. Indeed the proposition was re
ceived by all concerned with so much en
thusiasm that Professor Cox declares
there is nothing to stand in the way of
the sehooj being removed here for this
term and, perhaps, permanently.
This summer school is entirely distinct
from that conducted yearly at the Hop
kins Seaside Laboratory at this place,
and is carried on for the convenience of
teachers rather than pupils. It has from
twelve to fifteen departments, each of
which is presided over by a Stanford Uni
versity instructor, and the school is,
therefore, of great importance to teachers
from all sections of California and other
States. From three to four hundred per
sons attend the eight weeks' session of
the school. The school will open June 6.
THREATENED A NEIGHBOR.
VISALIA, March 2).).— Thomas E. Clark,
Deputy District Attorney of Tulara
County, and a prominent Populist, has
been bound over to keep the peace, his
bonds being placed at $300. He got into
trouble with one of his neighbors, Wil
liam Kettner, about a small irrigating
ditch. Clark filled up the ditch where it
crossed his land and threatened to nil
Kettner or anybody else with buckshot
if he attempted to run water through the
ditch. Judge Cross acted as Clark's at
torney in arguing the case before Judge
Buckman.
56
TUESDAY MARCH 22, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rig&s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— " Mysterious Mf. Bugle."
Columbia— "1492 "
Alcazar— "Unce Dudley."
Morosco's— "The Upper Hand."
Tlvoll— "The Widow O'Brien."
Tlvoll— Concert Thursday afternoon, March 24.
Orpheum— Vaudeville
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Sant» Clara Valley.
Saturday. March 26.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleslde Track-Races,
AUCTION SALES.
By E. S. Spear & Co.-Thls day, March 22, Furniture, at 850
Market Btreet, at 10 o'clock.
By Frank W. Butterneld-Thureday, March H. Furniture, at
10 Stockton street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday, March 20, Buggies, Wagons*
etc.. at 22".! Mission Btreet, at 11 o'clock.
By M. Germain— Tuesday. March B, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way. Oakland, at 11 o clock.
PUBLISHING THE NEW CHARTER-
BY offering to do the work at a lower price than
that asked by any of its morning contem
poraries. The Call has obtained the contract for
publishing the text of the proposed new charter.
Our readers will, therefore, have the text of the
document in full, and can study it comprehensively.
It is scarcely necessary to point out that the charter
is a matter of grave importance to the people, and
that it should receive the earnest consideration of all.
It was because of a recognition of the importance
of the proposed charter that The Call made so
low a bid for the contract for publishing it. The in
tention was not to make money out of the contract,
but to publish the charter as cheaply as possible for
the public benefit, and at the same time secure for
The Call a document which is of interest to every
citizen as a matter of municipal politics.
By the low price at which it offered to perform this
work of publication The Call saved to the city a con
siderable sum of money. It will publish the charter
at just about cost, and seeks no profit other than that
which will come from the increased demand for the
paper from citizens who wish to post themselves on
the terms of the proposed new form of municipal
government, and from the popular appreciation of
the fact that the publication is to be made under con
ditions which are so economical and advantageous to
the municipal treasury.
VARIETIES IN TELEPHONE RATES.
A DEBATE in the United States Senate jon a
bill limiting the charges that may be made for
telephone service in the District of Columbia
brought out a good deal of information concerning
the telephone business and disclosed the fact that
there is an almost infinite variety in charges made for
such service in different sections of the Union, and
even between different cities of the same section.
It appears that the charge for telephone connection
in Washington is from $140 to $150 a year, accord
ing to the service. In that city the telephones are in
the hands of a monopoly. Senator Cullom showed
what rates could be profitably given under stress of
competition by citing his own city, Springfield, HI.,
and made a good point in doing so, for the rate in
Springfield is but §36.
Information given by other Senators shows that
charges for special metallic current are: In Mil
waukee, $120; in Louisville, $111; Atlanta, $90; Phil
adelphia, $160; Boston, $168; St. Paul, $120; and
Newark, $150. In opposition to these high rates it
vvas noted that in Augusta, Ga.. the rate is $30; Rich
mond from $18 to $30: in Kansas City, $12 for resi
dences and $18 for business houses; and in Roanoke,
Va., from $12 to $20.
One of the best illustrations of the benefits accru
ing from competition in the business was derived
from the experience of Detroit. In that city the Bell
telephone rates were from $50 to $72 a year. The
Home Telephone Company was organized, and the
Bell Company at once reduced the rates to from $24 to
$36 a year. As a result of the reduction in charges
the number of subscribers in the city increased from
less than 7000 to over 12,000. In this connection it
may be noted that under the present high charges in
Washington the number of telephone subscribers in
that comparatively large and wealthy city is less than
2000.
There seems no other reason for this wide variation
in different cities than that some of them will submit
to high charges and others will not. The rate is
fixed not on what the traffic will bear, but what the
people will bear. The Senate passed the bill limiting
the rates which the monopoly may charge in Wash
ington to $50 a year for the use of a telephone on a
separate wire, and $25 on a wire on which four or
more telephones are operated. It appears, therefore,
that while competition can do much, legislation also
can do something.
"Hyena press" is the characterization applied to
some of the papers of Havana, and it is doubtless
correct. But the charge is weakened apparently by
coming from a sheet which by climbing as high in
the moral scale as the hyena would be visibly im
proved.
When the Examiner demonstrated that it did not
know one end of a ship from another it merely gave
an illustration of the knowledge it is apt to have
concerning any subject it undertakes to treat.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt sometimes makes
mistakes, being human, but his denunciation of
Hearst's paper as a lying, rascally sheet seems to be
(lawless.
One reason for not getting excited over the report
that in case of war France will be an ally of Spain is
that there is not the faintest reason for believing it.
fJBOUT PRECEDENTS.
1"^ HE Chronicle makes an airy skip-jump-and
hop over the constitution in discussing annexa
tion by joint resolution. It says that Congress
established a precedent in the Texas case, and Con
gress can now originate another precedent. It is
well not to forget the details of the Texas case. All of
Florida and Louisiana had been the property of
Spain. Louisiana included Texas. Spain by treaty
ceded to France all of her possessions on the conti
nent except Florida. In 1806 the United States by
treaty annexed to our territory all of Louisiana. In
1819 we made a treaty with Spain annexing Florida
and ceding to her the Texan part of Louisiana. The
King of Spain did not ratify this treaty until after he
had lost Mexico by the revolution. It was held,
therefore, that his ratification only conveyed to the
United States Florida, over which he had juris
diction, and that his ratification did not convey Texas
to Mexico. In this nice question was the germ of
our contention with Mexico that finally led to war.
As a result of the battle of San Jacinto, Santa Anna
made a treaty conceding the independence of Texas,
which thereupon set up for herself as the Lone Star
Republic.
It will be seen, then, that our surrender of Texas
by the treaty of 1819 was imperfect; that Mexico's
claim was defective; and that admission of Texas by
joint resolution as a State was the actual recovery of
domain over which we had always retained a shadow
of title. Texas was not annexed as territory, but was
admitted as a new State into the Union by express
authority of the constitution granted to Congress.
Precedent was followed, not invented. The constitu
tional theory and practice that alien territory' can De
annexed only by the treaty-making puwer of the con
stitution was left undisturbed.
The Chronicle avows itself ready and willing now
to establish a precedent, which will ignore the treaty
making power and arrogate to Congress a power
which no expounder of the constitution has ever pre
tended that it possesses. Congress can establish no
precedent unwarranted by the fundamental law. If
it could, the work of Chief Justice Marshall, in defi
nition of the powers of the three co-ordinate branches
of the Government, would not be worth the binding
of the books in which it is inscribed.
When Tim Campbell represented Tammany in
Congress he introduced a bill that was declared un
constitutional by the Judiciary Committee. Tim
heard the report, and, addressing the chair, said,
"Mr. Speaker, what's the constitution amongst
friends?"
The Chronicle seems to follow Tim's construction
(if the fundamental law. Between such friends as the
island oligarchy and the Chronicle the constitution
may not amount to much, but to the great body of
the American people it amounts to the charter of all
the rights they have, and should not be violated in
the smallest particular lest it become ineffective in
all its parts.
Will the Chronicle say, once for all, whether it
favors the immediate admission of Hawaii as a State
or whether it favors its annexation as a county of
California, or whether it favors its annexation as a
territory, ultimately to be admitted as a State?
Will it also cite the constitutional authority for the
accomplishment of the second and third plan by joint
resolution instead of by treaty?
Let it be remembered that this country fought four
years of destructive and costly war to establish the
constitution as the supreme law of tne land, and if
now that instrument may be set aside the sacrifice
made in its behalf was valor, life and treasure spent
in vain.
QUESTION OF THE AGE.
IN the local columns was recently recorded an ac
cident to a wheelman, and over it was the caption,
"Aged Cyclist Injured." A natural supposition was
that some venerable grandfather had come to grief.
The real fact, shown by a reading of the article, was
that the rider was 50 years old.
Now, if this century has been marked by so swift
a gait as to make proper the calling of a man of 50
"aged" it is time to slow up. Such a man should be
in his prime, unless he be a prize-fighter, in which
case he doesn't count. At the fifty mark the doctor,
the lawyer, the banker and the citizen generally has
just a sprinkling of the white hairs which are indica
tive of wisdom. If at this stage he is to be called
"aged" a clear insinuation that he has entered upon
the sere and yellow, there is little use in one's pre
paring himself for a career of usefulness. As a boy
devoid of experience he cannot have the full confi
dence of the rest of the world, and when, as a man of
50, he falls off his wheel, only to have the incident re
garded as an episode in the progress of senile decay,
life appears too short to bother with.
Any day in the park may be seen men whose
snowy heads bespeak the passing of at least three
score years over them, yet pedaling away like a lot of
youngsters. Some of them can add a half-score or
more to these figures and go spinning along, shed
ding the incubus of accumulating decades as they glide
and feeling as youthful as if yet to cast their first vote.
So it is not fair to term the fifty-year man "aged."
The one thus misrepresented would have a perfect
right to ask a retraction, and, not getting it, throw a
few copy-readers downstairs, just to convince them
of their error.
UNIFORM WEIGHTS OND MEASURES.
A MORNING contemporary suggests that the
MahonSy law establishing State and county
"sealers" of weights and measures throughout
California contains the germ of a valuable reform
which should not be lost sight of amid the indiscrimi
nate abuse now being heaped upon that statute. This
is true. Indeed, it was the existence of a demand for
a legal and uniform State system of weights and
measures which led Mahoney to concoct his law.
Being a politician, he could see no way of achieving
results except by creating more offices, and, in ac
cordance with his principles, evolved the State and
county "sealers."
The same effect would have been produced by es
tablishing a State standard of weights and measures.
Such a standard might be enforced by making it a
misdeameanor to use any other. The Sheriffs, police
officers and constables of the State under such a law
could, with the aid of the courts, see to it that the
people are not defrauded by inadequate weights or
short measures. If it were not practicable to estab
lish a State standard by law the Governor, Secretary
of State and Attorney-General could have been
authorized to adopt one. In this way the valuable
reform referred to by our contemporary might have
been effected without fastening upon the mercantile
community a hoard of mousing fee-takers.
The objection to the Mahoney law is that it estab
lishes an unnecessary and unjust method of taxation,
entirely foreign to the constitution. Business men
now pay real and personal property taxes, license
taxes, internal revenue and custom taxes, besides
other smaller impositions, and to pile upon them an
additional tax for examining their weights and meas
ures is in the nature of an outrage. We are willing
to concede that a State standard of weights and meas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
ures would be a good thing. No honest tradesman
could object to it. Indeed, such a standard would
probably be received by the mercantile community
with favor. But establishing a uniform method of
ascertaining weights and measures and fastening upon
the State fifty-seven new office-holders with power to
mulct tradesmen for unconstitutional fees are two
different things.
The next Legislature should be required to reform
the Mahoney law. Governor Budd, who is likely to
be called upon under the opinion of the Attorney-
General to appoint several of these county "sealers,"
may properly direct the attention of that body to the
subject. If it be true, as our contemporary says, that
the consuming public is now being generally cheated
in weights and measures, a uniform system should
be adopted as soon as possible. There is no question
that such a system could be enforced without costing
either the State or business men a cent.
SOME enterprising New York men have begun
discussing the advisability of opening a grand
universal exposition in that dry in 1901. The
idea is to take advantage of the collection of exhibits
of all nations in Paris in 1000 and provide a place
where they can be displayed in this hemisphere before
they are dispersed and scattered.
The discussions have not yet reached the point of
developing activity. At present it Is but a project,
and not a movement. Nevertheless, the matter is
one which concerns us, for if we permit the New-
Yorkers to get ahead of us in an enterprise of this
kind and be first to ask an appropriation from Con
gress for an international exposition in that year our
chances of obtaining a large appropriation will be
much diminished.
Philadelphia has already put forward a project for
holding a great exposition in 1899. Her representa
tives have made application at Washington for an
appropriation for $300,000 to be employed in the con
struction of buildings and $50,000 to be used in pro
moting exhibits of goods from foreign countries. In
addition to these sums, the Government will be
asked to appropriate a further amount for the pur-
pose of making a Governmental exhibit. Bills pro
viding for these appropriations are now before Con
gress, and it is likely they will be adopted either at
this session or that of the coming winter.
If Philadelphia gets the right of way for 1899 and
New York comes in for 1901 our chance for getting
a good appropriation would be limited to 1900. That
year would suit us perhaps as well as any, but it is
known that a considerable number of people favor an
exposition for the season following the grand display
at Paris. In order, therefore, to give those who pre
fer that year for holding the expedition a fair oppor
tunity to develop their plan, California should act
promptly in getting the project into shape. If we are
to hold our great fair in the year succeeding the
Parisian display we must present our claim before
New York does or we will have a hard fight on our
hands to win.
Upon no consideration have we any time to lose
in an enterprise of this nature. Expositions con
ducted on a large scale have become so popular in
the United States, they have proved so profitable to
their promoters and so beneficial to the general pub
lic that Eastern cities are vy» n K with one another in
a contest for the right of holding them, as it seems
to be conceded that no two shall be held in the Unit
ed States at the same time.
At Atlanta and at Nashville the South in rapid suc
cession has held two exposition?. The upper Mis
sissippi Valley region will hold one this summer at
Omaha. Philadelphia will hold one next year. After
that the field is open for all aspirants, and many will
enter it. New York is already planning for the move
ment California has no time to waste if she intends
to get there first.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
REPORTS from Washington to the effect that
the President has received in advance full in
formation of the results of^he inquiry into the
cause of the destruction of the Maine and is prepared
to send the official report to Congress with a short
message as soon as it arrives hardly require confir
mation. It is a matter of course that in an issue of
this urgency the board would keep the President in
formed of the trend of evidence given during the in
vestigation, and it is equally a matter of course that
the President in turn should at once notify Congress
of the conclusions reached. In fact, should -the find
ings of the board raise an issue involving the question
of war, it will be imperative upon the President to
transmit them to Congress, since only Congress has
the power to declare war.
It is therefore certain that within a few days more
the country wil! learn what view our Government
takes of the situation and what are the prospects of a
peaceful settlement of the issue. It is under these
circumstances that the House of Representatives will
begin to-morrow to debate the naval appropriation
bill. The influence of the crisis will be felt more or
less by every member of the House, and the outlook
is that the consideration of the measure will be an
occasion for an outpouring of patriotic oratory rather
than a debate on the amount of money involved in
the appropriation.
The country will lose nothing by this substitution
of patriotism for the old fashion or haggling over
naval appropriations. It is full time that something
was done to provide the nation with a navy strong
enough not only to guard its long coast line, but to
protect its shipping and its interest* fn all parts of
the world. In these days of steam warships and guns
capable of throwing explosive shells for miles we are
no longer safe in the mere fact of our remoteness
from Europe. A weak nation like Spain can menace
us with something of danger, and in a conflict with
a first-class power the menace with our present navy
would be portentous indeed.
In the affairs of nations there are always proba
bilities of war, and in our case such wars as come
will almost certainly be fought mainly on sea. We
must therefore prepare to make ourselves a sea power,
and that of no mean importance. Along the Atlantic,
the Gulf and the Pacific we have three vast coast
lines to defend, and, moreover, an increasing foreign
commerce to protect. The importance of an ample
navy has been recognized by our ablest statesmen of
all parties, and the people are now fully conscious of
the need. It is therefore a matter for congratulation
that at last Congress approaches the consideration of
a naval appropriation bill with thoughts above the
level of buncombe economy. This is the week of
crisis and of patriotism, and it is not too much to
expect that out of it will arise a navy worthy of the
republic and equal to the defense of its coasts and its
flag all around the globe.
Truly the spectacle of France and Russia locked in
an embrace of mutual affection is a touching one. It
is designed principally to touch anybody who may
oppose the combination.
According to an evening paper a filibuster is to run
the "gauntlet." It is difficult to understand ju?t how
this is to be accomplished. Perhaps the paper means
"gantlet"
GET THERE FIRST.
WHEN THE
LIGHTNING STRIKES.
BY TO GREGORY
Tvieve'6 aV\\~e\V>WX t\B\xdL>\<s\vv^ V\c\V aWe aW VWtvv\vv\txt —
Tv\eve'* a%u\\&w. c^yoyA c^vy\y\(X a\,ov\<\Vtv Wv\V v c, ;
U\.e.ve'<b a yy\c\uv\ m aW «\Vev yyWvc *Ye, \MvuU tW\v\ \\\Vs \T<-> \|fluX —
Uywtve V tomes o\ Old View V\tXW\V)%V\ve. <3>W\<3t m YO.w\\S 3 ?
wvivc'% a\>ooYvuvuyci<& o\C&.v\wtv\ \ouA aAavvvv ula.iY\e'% a&\e-ve\A tt>a^ .
uivvevt e\evv\a.V woIUV. Aie c^vavi\Ve"Ve.o.(3L\a\rtdls Xte^> —
vv\e>e'?> avo.otv o^ vvu.\\\cJl \\\t Oine \\oo\-\jea\4 t^ a\\o&V
\j\ vwcxvtVi\MC^ wavnov*Tv\V6v\% *v\t AeeVs
□u.\ avion wevt'VV \je a yW^v^ci »vi \V\c t\t>uA aVove AUe. \ow\£.
ViflT
■\v\ \Vt uVjWcH* o\ V\ew t.\AC\\ vi & fo w'^fe w>o\-C v
T^v\a\ \3uc^\€.-Vovit«. v*i\\ ttVo OYtv Aj poiVft.Vo(\a4
O\A V\\\\^T\ vuvn\>\e. U^Vt
"V^esX O\tVCvfWvc\ cxv\A. \^ovK\owv\ w>\\ \)tw.vAde\- &w^ aqam —
Iv vv\\\ colU *W V\to^%^6 tovia w.cv_\W<. \V\t % Lw \\^\<\wo ■ «b\^v\ —
UJe<b\w&vA, VUes \Vt c^&w\wa"c\ouit-Via.\\ w\At (XtV9S^\Ut«C.oviVtvievi^,
C^Voowvuia \)\atV\\j^ ovev vv\ouv\\a.\v\ ) c > VYcc\w\ <xw\ \eo. - 5
Uha.\\\. and <i\ovm avid vycw av\&. vev\neo.v\te v« A'bb&^ovw^oun^ av»d.^cw.\
T\\\'\U Y&veA-mvuvb \oo\«,d o'cv \V\t <ba\A%e\. <bea. •,
-- ■ . '\ \ .«..*--. a- lT - ■ '
*U,\ < < i bv\3V x < bVYce\^^w^ %oxOVwoivA. d.&*Y\tv\<»i <i\ow\v% ar>Vlt C\O«S,
CXv\A. \a> \vow vc^Ve. Vo VittxV v \V<. e>V\aA.ovY «b\\^s '
T»\\ on < b>evvc».\ \^ivia\v\ tvt«»V t>\ evc.v\a<=>\\v\c\ <rY\ow&
vvve ao\A.tn o\cx\^ \t» d\w\vMeA \n dvecu- ctWY^'oe^.
\A.\\e\- wV\\\<. \Wve'U \jt 0. o^low ft.*> Ifvovn ex /byvm^vnc^ %a\)ev'^> %VtVvt*c'ii
a^^^. v .:;:*; .:.; .. .: ; "
F&v CXw\on<iy Vac yvch.vw\ =>R.vanna.\v% aVm Vac aVw^Vji \)(xvyouev ;
now < =>Vav I f«> Vonoi-e>^evv^ < ouw\tv V\tv
Ov'aA. Vac 'bVetW <^oa<» &V deo>.m avc. tvov.e.V\v\« ov\ \\\€- \3OLVOL\Je\
\Wv\eve uiouV^Cvvc. o^v\w\v^ %ow.mevw dce^ .
vv\tve.'«a <x*^cx\\\vM3y in' o\ avw\\c<!) \vovvv \V«. Vcvvw\«V\ovwc6 o\ \AJc«»V %
-• CX »«.£x.v\v<tt o\ V>\ow%Vv<xvcs \av (X.\\«\(A. — *
(X v\o.Vuv\ wtcnvAviA \ito\ o\ \)O.\\Ve \v\ \\ev \jvta<»\ -^
OU\ vifc.\% o\ V\ey; v\c^Vv\eoKS wvwU un^e^ecV .
CX cX^totd. v\<»vovi \Vitvt vv\\\ \>t \\t\- U\<^wtent— W\\— d.\vwve-
COLLECTED 3N
D. Earl of Chicago is at the Baldwin.
M. W. Berriman of Chicago Is at tne
Baldwin.
C. M. Wilkens of Philadelphia is at the
Baldwin.
A. D. Levy of New York is a guest at
the Palace.
J. C. Dennl3 from Texas is a guest at
the Baldwin.
Leo Hamburg of New York Is registered
at the Baldwin.
James J. Wait from Chicago is a guest
at the Occidental.
J. E. Woodwaite and wife of Portland
are at the Palace.
J. J. Thomas of Salt Lake City is regis
tered at the Lick.
Mrs. and Miss Hardin from Santa Rosa
are at the California.
Dr. S. C. Leauhardt from Jutieau, Al
aska, is at tne Grand.
H. D. Stone and wife of Rochester, N.
V., are at the Grand.
H. L. Brandon of Philadelphia is a
guest at the California.
Captain Arthur E. Miller from New
York is at the Palace,
W. H. Cleary Sr., a prominent miner of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
Francis Doud, a wholesale butcher of
Monterey, is at the Lick.
Ex-Judge J. F. Rooney of Tuolumn*
County is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. John de Galtto of Minne
apolis are at the California.
L. E. Collins and Miss Collins of St.
Louis are at the California.
Otis H. Poo.c, a silk merchant from
Yokohama, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Odell of Ontario,
Canada, are at the Baldwin.
Charles Horton and family of Wlnona,
Minn., are at the Occidental.
L. F. Bruner, a furniture-dealer of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
A. B. and W. J. Youmens and wives of
St. Paul are at the Occidental.
Ex-Mayor B. U. Steinman and wife of
Sacramento are at the Palace.
J. E. Silver, a large crockery merchant
from Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. W. Cassidy, a merchant of Quincy,
111., with his family, is at the Palace.
George Lingo, a large cattleman from
Birds Landing, is a guest at the Grand.
Henderson Hay ward, who is largely In
terested iv the oil business in the south
ern part of the State, and who lives at
Los Angeles, Is at the Occidental.
F. W. George, a prominent attorney of
Sacramento, Is registered at the Grand. *
Andrew Kull and wife from Lake Ge
neva, Wis., are guests at the Califor
nia.
L. S. Chittenden, who owns a large
vineyard at Hanford, Cal., is at the
Grand.
V. D. Williamson, a prominent mining
man .from Spokane, Is a guest at the
Palace.
B. H. Upham, proprietor of the Glori
ana vineyard at Martinez, is a guest at
the Lick.
Geor-ge R. Stewart, a prominent cattle
dealer from Crows Landing, is a guest at
the Grand.
W. A. Morgan and E. T. Stimson, well
known mercnants from Los Angeles, are
at the Palace.
Stanley Brown, the superintendent of
the North American Commercial Com
pany, accompanied by his wife, is orchis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Supplies that will keep-
Concentrated Strength—
Absolute requisites for the Alaskan
journey* Royal Baking Powder
will keep, while others will not, and
gives the most leavening gas to the v
pound, thus economizing in weight*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
way to the Seal Islands to take charge
of the company's business. He is stop
ping at the Occidental.
Governor Hastings and party of Penn
sylvania are at the Palace. They re
turned yesterday from Del Monte.
Commander R P. Lamberton of the
United States navy, who is on his *ay
to China to take command of the Bos
ton, is registered at the Occidental.
Major J. H. Marshall, a well-known
Western railroad man. who has been tak
in° tourist observations in California .or
the past month, leaves to-day for Port
land Or., on his return journey East.
Major Marshall served aboard the gun
boat Choctaw in the operations against
Vicksburg in I^s'S.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 21.-W. F. Goad of
San Francisco is i t the Buckingham.
Misa Millie Herman ' of San Francisco
has gone to Paris.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"CAXTON"— I. M.J G.. Oakland. Cal.
The stories that werj? written by W. H.
Rhodes, "Caxton." «ir.d published In a
book called "Caxtorrs Book," were all
pure fiction. •
THE LARGEST POULTRY RANCH—
M. T.. City. It is clal-ned that the largest
poultry ranch In the State of California
is one in Sonoma County, three miles
from Santa Rosa.
GENERAL BARI LLAS— I. ML G.,
Oakland, Cal. The Guatemalan who vis
ited this State about a year ago and had
some trouble with society belle was
General Barillas.
CRIBBAGE— J. D. >' City. In the fol
lowing described plaj'; of cribbage, A. the
last player. Is entitled to count four for a
sequence: "B leads «v tray, A pairs, B
plays a deuce, A follows with a four, B
plays an ace and A plays a tray." B
counts four on tray, Uce, four and deuce.
AXLE AND TIRE— R. H. S., Bitter
water, San Benito County, Cal. The fol
lowing is the law th;>t was passed at the
last held session of the California Legis
lature relative to axle and tires that is
to go into effect in the future:
'•The width of tires for wheels upon
wagons or other vehicles to be used upon
the public highways of the State of Cali
fornia shall be for the following styles of
wagons as follows:
"Two and three-quarter Inch steel or
thimMe-skein axle, l 7 fe inch tubular steel
or axle, not less than 3-inch tire; lVfe inch
steel or iron axle. 2% inch tubular or iron
axle, not less than ."Vlnch tire; 3 inch
steel or thimble skein, 1% Inch steel or
iron, 2 S » tubular steel or iron axle, not
less than 4-inch tire; 3\i inch steel or
thimble skein, 1% or 1% steel or iron,
2% tubular steel or iron axle, not less
man tire; 3^2 inch steel or thim
ble skein, 2 inch steel or iron, 2~M inch tu
bular steel or iron axle, not less than s
inch tire; 33 s * inch steel or thimble skein.
2^ inch steel or iron, 3or S l^ inch tubular
steel or iron, not less than s^£-inch tire;
4 inch and larger steel or thimble skein,
212 1 - inch and larger steel or iron. 3V» inch
and larger tubular steel or iron axle, not
less than 6-inch tire.
"Other styles of axles shall have tires
of the same width as those of equal car
rying capacity above enumerated. All in
termediate axles shall have tires of the
same width as tne next larger size above
specified.
"To sell or purchase or to use on a pub
lic highway wagons or vehicles not hav
ing tires as above specified is a misde
meanor and to brine: into the State and
offer to sell wagons not provided with
such tires is also a misdemeanor. The
punishment is not less than $25 nor more
than $500 fine or imprisonment, nor less
than 25 days nor more than ISO days."
CONDENSED AVAR OPINIONS.
Atlanta Constitution.
Undertakers consider the situation
grave.
Lawyers insist that we should uphold
the hnnor of the land of the fee.
Banks are willing to accept bills of In
demnity.
The standing army thinks Spain should
be sat on.
Citizens of our seaboard cities say we
shouM strengthen our coast pretenses.
Carpenters are anxious to nail the flag
to the mast.
Plumbers are content with piping times
of peace,
A majority of the clergy Is in favor of
the United btates taking up a collection.
If the regular army is not sufficient,
farmers stand ready to raise home sup
plies. .
Local astronomers say that we will W
make Spain see stars. \
The Signal Service Bureau is anxious to
furnish war clouds.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Women never apologize to each other:
they only cry and then kiss and make up.
Probably Delilah had an idea she could
save money by cutting Samson's hair her
self.
Some men's faces reflect nothing but the
truth. Some women's reflect nothing but
the teeth.
Every man is a hero to the woman he
marries and every woman is a hero to
the man she doesn't.
Women talk a lot about their rights,
but none of them want to do any fighting:.
If there was a war a few of them would
go as nurses. Nobody shoots at nurses.
No man ever wants to kiss a girl after
he has once seen her hold -a nickel the
conductor has given her for change be
tween her teeth while she gets her purse
— New York Press.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ » ■ —
Fine eyeglasses. Specs, 15c and up. 33
Fourth street. " •
• ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
UNITY WORTH THE PRICE.
Senator Proctor is right. The readiness
of the South to fight for the nation is
worth all that our preparations fur war
have cost, and vastly more.— New York
World.
» ♦ •
Angostura Bitters are endorsed by all the
leading physicians and caemlsta for purity and
wholesomenesa. Got the genuine.— Dr Sle^ert'e.
' • i\ - ■ m ■ • •
For Bronchial a.\i> asthmatic Complaints,
•' Brown's Bronchial Troches" have remarkable
curative properties, fold only in boxes.
. .
STEEL FOR BRITISH SHIPS.
American shops have begun to help in
the manufacture of the British navy. The
Carnegie Company has received an order
for 5000 tons of plates for the hulls of
ships. This is the kind of Anglo-Ameri
can alliance w© like.— St. Paul Pioneer
Press.POOLSELLERS
MEET WITH
SIGNAL DEFEAT
Jury in Judge Campbell's
Court Returns a Verdict
of Guilty.
The Police Are Making Desperate
Efforts to Prevent Women From
Degrading Themselves.
The efforts of The Call to suppress I
the poolrooms frequented by women
have called forth words of commenda
tion from men and women who have
the social and moral welfare of iho
community at heart.
The fact that women of all sorts and
conditions were degrading themselves
by visiting these dens of iniquity and
squandering their money in making
pools on horse races was a genuine
surprise to the public at large, and al
though some were inclined to doubt the
possibility of certain classes of women
being so lost to a sense of shame the
evidence submitted in the columns of
The Call was so conclusive that they
were forced to the conviction that the
] lain, unvarnished truth was being
told.
When once the spirit of gambling is
thoroughly aroused in a woman it is
hard to eradicate it. In this respect she
is worse than a man, as her emotions
are keener and she has less control over
them. She is easily made the dupe of
the wily pool-seller, who spurs her on
to make more sacrifices of her money
by lying- to her about/ the winnings that
other women have made.
That married women are frequenters
<-i the poolrooms has been demonstrat
ed beyond question by the police, and
Secretary Frank Kane of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Suppression of
Vice will probably soon have his hands
full if he carries out his threat to ap-
I'ly to^_the courts for letters of guar
dianship over the children of these wo
men. It is not an idle threat on the
part of Secretary Kane, but he means
what he says, and as soon as he has
sufficient evidence in his hands he will
make an example of some of these
women.
The police, stimulated by the expose
in The Call, are determined to make
one last desperate effort to prevent
women from practically unsexing them
selves by visiting these poolrooms, and
if the existing laws are found to be in
adequate tin- Board of Supervisors Will
be asked to pass an ordinance to meet
the requirements.
The police by their action on Satur
day in >: two men at all the
poolrooms known to bo frequented by
women in the "tenderloin district,"
with instructions to take ali the names
■ : the visitors with the object of arrest
ing them for vagrancy, gave evidence
belr hearty co-operation with Tho
Call, and yesterday another proof was
y.iv> n of their sincerity in the premises.
»J There are it few poolrooms in the dis
trict south of Market street, and yes
ay morning Captain Spiilane per
sonally saw that two officers were sta
tioned at each c-f the poolrooms who re
ceived the same instructions as those in
the '"tenderloin district." The places
visited were: ESr-Senator Dunn's rooms
on Stevenson street, near Third; corner
I Fourth and Mission streets; corner
K"urth and Stevenson streets in the
basement <■; the Cafe Royal, and at
rooms 3_'O, 321, 322 and 325 in the Parrott
building on Market street. Room oJu is
occupied by McGee & Burbridge, 321 by
Stuart & Co., 322 by 11. A. Morse & Co.
and 325 by Joseph Hheridan.
Policeman John Jordan, who was one
of the. officers detailed in the Parrott
building, reported to Captain Spillane
that the men occupying thes
elaimed that they dealt only in New
York si"< ks and Chicago grain and pro
visions. MeGee& Burbridge Bhowed him
a broker's license from January 27, LBB7,
to February 26, IS9S, and Sheridan
Bhowed him a license dated January 1,
Notwithstanding these protestations
Jordan kept his eagle eye on th>- people
visiting tnese rooms and he reported
that from 7:15 a. m. till 1- noon, when
he was relieved by another --Hirer, fiye
ladies and several men visited the
rooms. When a lady entered he i l-
If>weu her and politely asked her num.
and address. They all indignantly re
fused to accede to the officer's request,
and questioned his right to ask foi the
information. Two of the ladies made
th<- excuse that they were friends of the
ladies in charge of the telephone and
had called to see them. The other three
said it was none of the officer's business
and curtly told him that they had a
right to go where they pleased. Jor
dan was unable to get .my of their
names, but if he sees them there again
lie will arrest them for vagrancy and
their identity will be known.
Policemen Tracy and McEntee, who
were stationed at ex-Senator Dunn's
• ooms on Stevenson street, arrested
in th" afternoon John Connolly, a clerk.
for s- -iiiiii; pools and Jam. s F. Blanch
aid, a stableman, for buying po<
the horse races. Policemen Donovan
andO'Connell were stationed at I
and Stevenson streets and arrested Jo
seph Dow, a clerk, and George Wright,
the former for selling pools and the lat
ter for buying them. When Chief Lees
learned that the two latter were selling
and buying pools on the Jeffries-Jack
son fight he notified Captain Spiliar.e
not to make any more arrests on that
charge, as the department was only
after the poolrooms where pools were
sold and bought on horse races.
As an evidence of the growth of the
evil i I women gambling on horse races
Captain Spiliane received a report yes
terday from Sergeant Con boy that the
proprietors of the Custer lodging-ho-use,
L»OG Market street; the Cosmo House,
1020 Market street, and the Leland
House. 1118 Market street, had been ap
proached by poolsellers to lease rooms
for selling pools to women, but they
had declined. In the Vendome, on Mar
ket and Turk streets, rooms nad been
i for this purpose, but the poolmen
left a week ago and removed to liason
The police scored a great victory yes
. afternoon, which fa attributed
to the crusade made by The tall
against the poolrooms. For months it
has been impossible to get a conviction
by a jury In any of the police courts.
The juries made it clearly understood
that so long as pool Belling was permit
,, i , :) the race track they saw no- rea
son why it should not be permitted out
tide the tia.-k. In other words, ther*
was no use rutting off the branches
and leaving the root untouched.
The police and Police Judges had
I given up hope of ever being able to se-
I cure a conviction and when a jury was
i impaneled in Judge Campbells court
! yesterday afternoon to try the case of
Dan Crowley, charged with violating
| the poolroom ordinance at 11 Mason
street, the usual result was confidently
anticipated. Ex-Judge Murphy was en
gaged as special prosecutor and the de
fendant was represented by Attorneys
Lennon, Hawkins and J. N. E. Wilson.
After hearing the evidence, which
was, as in former cases, clear and con
clusive, the jury retired and were only
out about two minutes when they re
turned with a verdict of guilty. It was
so unexpected that there was silence in
the oburt for a minute and thp Judge
in his astonishment asked the foreman
to repeat the verdict. There were a
large number of pool sellers in the
court, and the verdict acted like a wet
blanket upon them. They were simply
dumfoundedL
The attorneys for the defendant made
the usual motions which were denied,
and then they gave notice of appeal to
;!. Superior Court. The defendant was
ordered to appear for sentence this
morning.
The case of Dick Creighton will be
tried before a jury in Judge Low's
court this afternoon, when ex-Judge
Murphy will also prosecute, and it will
be a great victory for The Call and the
• i: a verdict of guilty is also re
turned.
i n\ account of the expose in The Call
of the poolrooms whien are patronized
exclusively by women, McKee & Bur
bridge, who conduct the Pacific Stock
Exchange in rooms 320 and 321 of the
Parrott building have concluded to go
out of business. In a communication
addressed to Captain Spillane the men
state that they have decided to "close
up shop," as there is no more money
to lie derived from their women pat
rons.
THE HOFF CASE BESUMED.
More Argument Advanced as to the
Origin of the Coupling Pin.
The ease of Albert Hoff on trial for
the murder of Mrs. Mary Clute was re
sumed before Judge Cook yesterday
morning.
Dr. T. G. Inman was the first witness
called, and testified as to the condition
of the body when he arrived. "When I
saw the body," he said, "it was lying in
a pool of blood in the center of the room
with the clothes drawn up over the shoe
tops. There were several fractures and
gashes upon the head which convinced
me that death had resulted from blows
inflicted by a blunt instrument. Life had
been extinct some minutes before I ar
rived. As I could do nothing I notified
the police of what had occurred and left
the premises."
Samuel B. McLenegan, superintendent
of the San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
road, was next called, and testified that
during his residence in the house in which
Mrs. Clute was killed a coupling pin had
never been brought into the house, and
the witness was positive when he left
the house the coupling pin with which
Mrs. Clute was killed was not there.
Mrs. E. P. Hardy, who occupied the
house after Mr. McLenegan's removal
until August. IK'.tT. testified that when she
vacated the building no coupling pin was
there.
Eugene C. Robison, the policeman who
had been detailed to the scene of tne
murder the afternoon Mrs. Clute was
murdered, was the first to go on the stand
in the afternoon. His testimony, in sub
stance, was a corroboration of that given
at the preliminary examination in the
Police Court.
He detailed his visit to the house and the
finding of the coupling pin, half covered
with blood, in the northwest corner of
the parlor or upper front room, as it is
characterized. The coupling pin found on
the premises the day Of the murder was
.shown to him and he was asked if that
was the one he had seen that day. He
claimed that it was, and pointed out the
blood stains on the pin below the rim.
The identity of the coupling pin and
whether it was found on the premises
before the time thru Mrs. Clute has been
supposed to have been killed constituted
the chief argument of the entire proceed
ings.
Deputy Coroner O'Brien was recalled to
testily, and the evidence given by him
was simply a corroboration of that given
by him at the preliminary proceedings in
the Police Court.
1,. McGlnnis, also a Morgue official, tes
tified as to taking: the rings from the
murdered woman's fingers and handing
them into the possession of Detective
Seymour.
The examination of C. H. Clark, broth
er-in-law of Mrs. Clute, followed. A
photograph of the dead/? woman was
shown to him which he positively identi
fied.
John Faris testified that when Hoff
entered his grocery store the morning af
ter the murder he was pale and showed
evident signs of nervousness. His testi
mony was as follows:
When Hoff entered the slot* he n^k<-,i me if
I was afraid of him. and I answered no. I lit
I would like to have my money which he said
he would pay in a few diya. Ho had one
hand hanging down at his side which he ex
tended toward me. saying, "i>>.>k at that! '
There was a cut on the palm of his left h.inj
which from my recollection . was slight!''
curved. I poured a little whisky m the cut
and found that the outer surf ace, of the wound
was covered with a hard coagulated M > 1 1.
while iii M inner surface as I spread the wr.nti«i
open was covered with fresh blood. •! txkei
him how he did it, and he told me that ne
had picked up a plank In the stre and cut
his hand on a projecting nail.
The carpet bag which Hoff usually
carried was shown the witness and posi
tively identified as the same which he
saw thrown over the left shoulder of Hoff
hi several occasions as he left his store,
fully substantiating the theory that Hoff
is left-handed and with the left hand com
mitted the crime for which he is now
:x'ing tried. This testimony concluded the
:ria! proceedings of the day and the court
tvas adjourned until this morning.
. ♦ .
Peary the Explorer on Baking Pow
ders.
Those going to the Klondike must re
member that a reliable baking powder
is an absolute necessity. If, after a long
and expensive trip and the great cost
of transportation, the baking powder
proves inferior or has lost its strength
the miner will be practically helpless.
It is no time or place to experiment.
What is required is a baking powder
that hae actually stood the test of the
Arctic climate.
The well- known explorer, Lieutenant
Peary, 11. S. N., says of Cleveland's
baking powder, which he used on his
Arctic expeditions:
••Cleveland's stood the tests of use in
those high latitudes and severe tem
peratures perfectly and gave entire
satisfaction. Mrs. Peary considers that
there is no better baking powder made
than Cleveland's. I shall take it again
on my next expedition."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 189 S.
MANY WAYS
OF MULCTING
CONSUMERS
For Ways That Are Dark
Electric Meters Are
Commended.
The Principle of Their Construction
Shows Them to Be Entirely
Unreliable.
"Aniong mechanical meters the I 'li«»n»" » recording
Malt meter hax l»een generally ««lo|»te«l to ascertain the
vratt-hour consumption and output of various electri
cal apparatus. There are certain features connected
with the construction and operation of this meter, how
erer, that may readily l»e discussed advantageously. The
mechanical meter has so far satisfied Itoth those selling;
and buying; electricity, for the reason that those who
sell are confident of their meters, and, on the other hand,
those who buy electricity cheerfully accept as accurate
the measure of work of a. science not understood by them,
and upon being charged w it!i a drop or rai*c in the bills
of 1O or 2O per cent their only alternative U to credit the
variation 1o an unconscious use of light or power. Nev
ertheless years of practice have shown that this 1O or
2O per cent variation may be v. holly in the meter itself. -
Extract from an article on the Thomson watt mettr written by H. N. Sessions, ex
pert electtieian.
Merrily the wheels go round scoring
up watts of electricity that are never
consumed, and wearily the victims
draw upon their bank accounts to meet
the demands of conscienceless corpora
tions.
Truly the Thomson watt-meter is a
wonderful device and nobody under
stands the depth of its depravity bet
ter than Expert Sessions, who Is quoted'
above, unless it is the electric-light peo
ple themselves. That the latter are en
tirely satisfied with and approve of its
work is proven by the fact that it is
the meter that is now in general use in
this city: that they are also fully aware
of its larcenous proclivities is borne out I
by the alacrity with which they make
restitution whenever the culprit is de
tected.
Inquiry among consumers of electrici- j
ty show that there have been many \
such detections of late.
Herewith is given an illustration of
the mechanism of the Thomson watt
meter, together with the meter as it
appears inclosed in its metallic case.
The technical description accompany
ing the drawing is taken from Mr. Ses
sions' article in the Journal <;f Elec
tricity of last August. A watt is the
unit of electricity and charges are made
by the thousand watts.
Yesterday a Call reporter was given
a practical illustration of how easily a
meter may become susceptible to out
side influences. Upon this subject Mr.
Sessions says, again quoting from his
THOMPSON RECORDING WATT METER.
H. N. SESSIONS, the Expert Electrician, Describes the
Meter That Is in General Use in This City as
Follows :
The motor may be described as being a shunt motor, having very low re
sistance fields which are connected in series with the lights or power to be
used. The armature circuit of very high resistance is connected straight
across the service mains, and provided the potential does not change, the
armature strength remains constant. The speed of the meter depends upon
the strength of the fields, which in turn is in proportion to the number of
lights or amount of power in series with them, or, in other words, on the
amperage traversing the field coils. The armature shaft revolves in a
vertical position, its weight resting on a lower jewel. A worm on the shaft
is meshed to a gear in connection with the series of gears which moves the
indicating hands. The speed of the meter is reduced by an inductive brake,
consisting of a copper disk carried by the armature shaft and revolving be
tween the poles of permanent magnets. These magnets may be shifted to or
from the center of the disk, thus decreasing or increasing trie leverage of
drag and regulating the speed.
The power absorbed by the disk by induction adjusts itself to any load
that the meter may be running on, because the amount of current induced
in the disk is in exact proportion to its speed. The friction on the jewels,
gearing and commutator of the moter is of sufficient amount to absorb a
large percentage of the power necessary to propel the meter on low loads.
Inasmuch as this percentage of power increases as the load decreases, the
meter is often very slow on light loads and sometimes stops on the smallest
loads. Steps have been taken to balance this friction by inserting within
the field of a starting coil of very fine wire connected in series with the
armature circuit; but, with the friction of the meter thus balanced, it very
often registers when no current is being used, especially when vibration is
met with.
After the meter has been carefully calibrated and balanced on light
loads, it will generally be found fast on heavy loads, where the friction that
gave so much trouble on light loads now enters as a very small factor.
There will be a point, however, between minimum and maximum loads,
where the meter will record correctly.
article in the Journal of Electricity:
"Any magnetic bodies, such as mo
tors, magnets or heavily loaded feeders, !
when placed at the sides of the meter,
will influence it by helping to diminish
or increase the strength of the fields
within, making it run fast or slow, or j
even backward, when no current is be- !
ing used. The permanent steel mag
nets which retard the motion of the
disk often lope their strength through I
aging, thus making the meter run fast, j
and on the other hand as the meter j
is not dust proof iron particles might
collect on the magnets and slow it
down.
"A very important feature which
causes a great deal of trouble is the
high resistance coil of fine wire in se
ries with the armature. In damp places,
owing to the difference of potential be- I
tween the turns and layers of this re- I
distance, sections of it often become!
short circuited, causing an increase of
current in the armature and again the I
meter is made to run fast. But if tcr>
great a section of the resistance should
be cut uut the amperage would rise be- I
yond the carrying capacity of the wire 1
j and result in burning out the resist- j
ance. This of course would open the
shunt circuit and cause the meter to
stop.
"it is impossible to balance the
friction of meters where there is vibra
tion, the reason being that the balanc
ing force remains the same, and with
vibraiion the amount of friction is
continually changine. Suppose the
meter to be standing still and bal
anced on no load. A vibration will
tend to remove the weight of the ar
mature shaft and disk from the lower
jewel, thus lighting and overbalancing
the friction and causing the meter to
register without using current. The
working parts of the meter give very
little trouble if cleaned regularly."
In some of the tests The Call re
porter witnessed -an ordinary magnet
was used. One pole of this magnet
when brought close to the meter would
increase the resistance on the copper
disk and perceptibly retaijd its speed.
In fact, when the current was reduced,
it brought it to a full stop, and when
the current was cut off entirely the
meter -was moved backward. On the
other hand, when the opposite pole
was placed nearest the meter the revo
lutions of the disk were materially in
creased.
Next an experiment was made with
one of the three magnets attached to
the meter. By moving the poles in
toward the center of the disk the
speed was increased, wnlle by pressing
them out toward the edge it was de
creased. Thus, an employe of a com
pany, were he so inclined, if sent to
test a meter in order to satisfy a con
3'imer as to its correctness, cuuld. upon
moving the metal case, surreptitiously
move one of the magnets out, and his
test would show that the meter was
slow and the company losing accord
ingly. Then, when he went to replace
the case, he could push the magnet
well in toward the center and the me
ter would fatten the company's divi
dends, while the hoodwinked victim
would mentally estimate what his bills
would be were the meter to register
accurately.
As magnetic power penetrates metal,
the case inclosing the meter offers no
protection, except from dust, and an
old file, a piece of pipe, or even a wire
properly charged and placed at a
proper distance from the meter would
aid in the robbery and its complicity
never be suspected by anybody but an
expert. In view of these influences.
Mr. Sessions closes his article with this
advice:
"In view of this discussion regard
ing the facts concerning electric me
ters, not only the makers and sellers
of electricity should inspect their me
ters, but, in many cases, it would
profit the consumers to have their me
ters independently exported. "
Mr. Sessions' advice to consumers is
resented by the companies furnishing
light and power in this city, as is
shown by their efforts to prevent such
tests being made. For instance, the
cases covering meters are fastened and
nobody but an employe of the company
is allowed to remove them. Experts
however, have ample means of making
tests without removing the cases. Even
the glass covering the aperture in the
case, through which the dials may be
seen is in many instances covered
over with paper so that the amount
registered cannot be read except by re
moving the case. Were the meters any
where near accurate and the companies
believed that the consumers were be
ing fairly treated there could be no pos
sible objection to the figures being seen,
or even tests being made by independ
ent experts.
But the consumers, or many of them,
have awakened to the fact that they
are being "held up" by the meters for
the benefit of the companies, and ex
perts are being called upon by most of
the big merchants, hotel keepers, res
taurants and others to make independ
ent tests of meters. In some eases em
ployes of the companies are not per
mitted to test meters unless an expert
hired by the consumer is present.
The (ias Consumers' Association em
ploy* a staff of experts to test meters
for subscribers, and of all the meters
tested by that company 75 per cent,
roughly estimated, have been found to
register fast, or more watts than were
actually consumed, while the discrep
ancies varied from 3 per cent up, 20 per
cent fast having been not infrequently
discovered.
Three-fourths of the meters in use
based upon estimates of those tested,
are robbing the consumers! Those are
figures it would be well to ponder over
before you pay your next bill, unless
you have already had your meter ex
perted. The only way in which a con
sumer who has no knowledge of elec
tricity can form an estimate of the
amount he uses is to keep careful count
of the number of lamps and the length
of time each lamp burns. When the
lamps are new each one will consume
fifty watts an hour, which will enable
him to make a fairly accurate estimate
for the month. Old lamps, however,
consume considerably more electricity,
running as high as sixty-two watts an
hour. This is due to the greater re
sistance of the old carbons, so that at
best such estimates are unsatisfactory.
But the day of reckoning with the
companies has arrived, and already
they have been forced to disgorge a con
siderable portion of their loot. This
they have done in most instances with
promptness, when called upon, desiring
only that a settlement be effected as
quietly as possible. In some cases,
though, it has been shown that the
companies are not willing to pay the
full amount demanded, and lawsuits
may result. A call upon a number of
business men yesterday resulted in the
information thnt all were fully im
pressed with the importance of hiring
their own experts. Only one of those
seen, Mr. Frledlander of the Columbia,
Baldwin and California theaters, ap
peared to be at all satisfied with the
nent hi' had received, and he at
tributed this to the fact that he em
ploys an export electrician constantly
who watches his interests carefully. In
this. Mr. ?'ri<'dlnndor is in the same
position as the Palace Hotel manage
ment, and. like the latter, has found
the company prompt to allow any re
bate claimed. Rut Friedlander. Gottlob
& Co.. neaci to the Palace Hotel, are
probably the largest consumers in
town, their bills for the three theaters
amounting to ?25,000 a year in round
numbers, and it pays them to keep an
export on their regular pay-roll, as it
prevents in a large measure any at
tempt at overcharge and insures
prompt settlement of their claims.
With smaller consumers it is different.
George Raphael of the clothing firm
of Raphael Bros, said he had experi
enced much trouble with the electric
light company. The meters that had
been in use for years were tested last
fall and found to be running very fast.
He made an estimate of the amount
paid in excess of the proper sum, cover
ing a period of several years, and pre
sented the statement to the company.
The latter expressed a willingness to
make what it considered proper restitu
tion, but considered Mr. Raphael's esti
mate far too high. Finally Mr. Ra
phael thought it better to compromise
than to carry his claim into court, and
accepted a material reduction on his
claim. He asserted that his estimate
was correct, and charged the company
with dealing unfairly with him. He
now has his meters tested regularly.
The White House has a heavy claim
ri gainst the company for overcharges,
extending over a number of years, but
Mr. Weill's manager did not care to
discuss it. as the company refused to
&UOW the full amount and the matter
might terminate in a lawsuit. He said
that at a later period, however, he
might have something very interesting
to say on the subject.
Newman & "Levison called in an ex
pert to test their meter last fall, and
upon his report that it was registering
fast they presented a claim to the com
pany, w hich, being for a comparatively
small amount, was allowed without
protest. Consequently that Prm has no
soriouf complaint to make, but it has
its meter tested regularly just the
same.
Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., Wilson's
Restaurant and Kohlberg, Frohling &
Co. are among other downtown con
cerns that have had or are now having
trouble over the meters supplied them.
J. J. O'Brien & Co. have only recently
had their suspicions aroused and are
now making investigation. What the
result will be they do not care to specu
late on just now.
And there are others.
CHARLES HANSON
PASSES AWAY
Dies at His Home on Van
Ness Avenue Rather
Suddenly.
Came Hero When He Was Eighteen
Years Old and Went Into the
Lumber Trade.
Charles Hanson, the millionaire mill
owner and lumber dealer, died at his
home, 12U8 Van Ness avenue, yesterday
morning.
The deceased was born in Denmark on
September 21, 1533, and came to San Fran
cisco when he was 18 years old. He at
once went Into the lumber business, and
has remained in it ever since. He first
went to work on the Umpqua River, but
later went to Tacoma, where in istiG lie
built, at what is now known as old Ta
coma, the first sawmill erected in that
section. In ISS4 the milling firm was in
corporated and is now known as the
Tacoma Sawmill Company. During the
Frazer River excitement Mr. Hanson
made a big stake. He had a corner in
shingles and made immense profits out
of the deal.
Charles Hanson was a large stockhold
er in the Puget Sound Tugboat Company,
the San Francisco Lumber Company, the
Pacific Pine Lumber Company, Puget
Sound Lumber Company, Tacoma Mill
Company and several other local con
cerns. He owned the barks Dashing
Wave and Tidal Wave, besides being in
terested in a whole fleet of coasters.
The deceased leaves a widow and one
son, Charles Hanson Jr., who is at pres
ent the resident manager of the Tacoma
Mill Company. Mr. Hanson has suffered
on and off for several years, but was not
confined to his home until about three
weeks ago. He died from Bright's dis
ease of the kidneys.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
The "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil will out
last three others. Try it. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEAT
Q ■ '_ £f
35 fe^^S (hi nn
» WM$ lj)l.£iJ |
g WHY WE ARE BUSY, g
5 RECAUSE WE SELL STYLISH. ~;
Q I> well-made Shoes cheaper than our «
w competitors. There is no sentiment in v^
*•* business— prices talk— and we are doing '•*
rt the business because we give the best £
*j values and have the largest assort-
£s ment. This week a special leader: W
w Children's and Misses' Extra Vici Kid w
** Lace Shoes, with silk brocaded vesting «
i*< tops, new coin toes and tips, spring «
heels— w
H Child's sizes, 8 to 10& *1 23. «
Misses' sizes. 11 to 2 150. w
** Child's Dongola Kid Button Shoes. >*
« patent leather tips, spfing- heels, sizes i*£
w G to 9; reduced to 50c. CD
J3 , Call and get estimates on Klondike V
w footwear before purchasing elsewhere, w
*•* We have the largest and best-selected «
i*< stock in this city. «
*£ Country orders solicited, liend for New ;
W Illustrated Catalogue. Address ' «
» B. KATCHINSKI, a
0 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., $
« 10 Third St.. San Francisco.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous '
10 cent trial SIZE.
ELY'S Cream BALM
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Natal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heal«
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense* ;
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Givef
Relief at once. 60 ctt'. at Druggists or by mail, ■
Trial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail. !
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren Street, New York
AMUSEMENTS.
A T /"I AT AH SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. «Aira£
Evenings at S, Saturday Matinee at 2.
v "ITS A CORKKR"
You Laugh. Scream and Yell.
KThe Howling Farce,
UNCLE DUDLEY
— OR—
THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
Lillian Leslie and Little Venle, in Specialties.
.• Prices — 15c, 25c, 3oc, ■ 50c. . ;
BY UNIVERSAL REQUEST,
THE GREAT FRENCH "; VIOLINIST.
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by
laghaume;
PIANIST,
Will Give TWO ADDITIONAL RECITALS,
FRIDAY EVENING, March 25, and SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON. March 26.
« Popular Prices." r
- Special! Request Programme Saturday!
Send requests to. Henri Marteau, Hotel Savoy.
Seats witl be on' sale at ■ the San . Francisco
music store. 225 utter street, : to-morrow.
BE CAREFUL JUST NOW.
—
A Little Good Advice Which You Will Do
Well to Consider at This Time.
At this time of year, when we are
i changing over from winter to spring.
i there is always a low order of vitality—
\ a reaction from the strains of the sea-
; sons. The blood does not flow so full
! or so rapidly— the strength is less.
For these reasons all kinds of diseases
have a much better chance than at any
j other season. "We all know this from our
| own experiences and those of our friends,
I and we are aware what a terrible amount
|of grip, pneumonia and other diseases
! there is floating in the air and drawn in
!by us with every breath. It is a time
I for exercising special care, for keeping
j the blood in circulation and the system
i toned up generally.
I There is but one way by which a proper
I reaction, at such a time, can be brought
about and that is by the use of a pure
stimulant, preferably whisky. This is
universally admitted, but the trouble has
I been to secure a good, pure and reliable
whisky. Indeed, there Is but one that
i can be confldentlv and certainly recom-
mended for this "purpose and that is
Duffy's Pure Malt. It possesses qualities
known only to itself. It will bring about
I a reaction, cause the "blood to circulate.
I prevent a cold, chei-k pneumonia and
i w*ard off grip. It has relieved more suf-
fering and saved more lives by reason
; of these powers which It possesses than
anything of a similar nature which has
ever been discovered. You will t>e wisa
1 if you have it on hand and use It when-
ever you feel the least signs of disease oi
weakening.
#\n A V or FADED HATR RESTORED tn
■_WC MX 1 *outhf ul rolor ami beauty by DX.
*»* l%^* ■ HAYS' HAIR HEALTH. Ke,
moves dandruff and scalp disease. Don't stain
skin. Coders BALD spots. Absolutely harmless.
Largo bottles , r »<t i-ents, at dniegists. hrtii! amenta.
NO-PERCKNTAOE cIIAKM A«;Y. 053 Market it.
\\liolesale-MAUK * CO.: I.ANGLKV _ MICH-
VKI.S: i <>KHN. KKOiyOTON A — — — i
AMUSEMENTS. , .-.'__
flulDlAWltß SOf TLOB ft fl* ifitni i -■_ mm °
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Comedy,' THE •
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and. M
Efficient Cast.
EXTRA-
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
Season's Gala Event.
The Greatest Farce of the Age,
A GAY DECEIVER!
Introducing Beautiful
ANNA HELD,
The Glory of France— The Star of Paris.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
tiSo&mMi, cJtualrc
VPfiIEDIANDCR GOTUOe&C'itmi* ******
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Big Spectacular • Production,
RICE'S "1492!"
60 People— Elaborate Staging— Beauty Galore.
Next Monday— JAMES J. UOUBETT. in "A
NAVAL CADET." - '. . '
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT, MARCH 21ST,
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Engagement of
FREDERICK TJADER
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN,
And
LA PETITE LLJIND,
The Infant Prodigy, in her Brilliant Specialties.
New Scenic and Mechanical Effects. .
Evening Prices 10c, 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kkzlint.. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING!
A LAUGHING SUCCESS.
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! " Bright Burlesques'. Up-to-Date
Medleys! Entrancing Specialties'.
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II
Trovatore."
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
MIRTH, MUSIC. MERRIMENT.
j Popular Prices 25c and 50c
No Telephone Orders Received.
23— AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS— 2S.
CHARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY in the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Horn's Music Teach-
1 er": McCALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
Irish comedy; MASTER WADE COCHRANE.
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
! greatest acrobats: last week of BURKE &
; FORREST, ATHAS & COLLINS. RUDINOFF.
! JOSEPHINE SABEL and the JOSE QUIN-
i TETTE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
j Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
DURWARO LELY L PATTrS TENOR.
| %, Us£f Recitals of Scottish Song and Story.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
THIS EVENING, MARCH 22.
ROSE, THISTLE AND SHAMROCK,
OR NATIONAL SONGS.
General Admission. 50c; Reserved Seats, 75c.
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., on and after March
17, or at Box Office Evenings of Concerts.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine. '
First Race at 2 P.M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS 12:43 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
i Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after the
mCcS ' ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. Fin-
' more-street cars transfer each; way. .
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
mothers milr nil ni>c\ TAKE YOU*
TAKE YOUR VlllLlMlllll MOTHERB ,
To the ZOO
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTrVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Carnlvora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
:. Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m. .
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.: Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
f\J VMDII Corn «r of Mtsoiii ani
UL.YIVIb'IA— Eddy Streetl . .
America's most beautiful music hall. • Great-
est free bill in the world. The 3 ALBIONS.
grotesque comedians; ZANFRELLA &
.WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS,
balladists;. MONTALAIS. soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. ■ Admission
free.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE
AND THE SANTAXLARA VALLEY.
' Natural ■ carnival of buds and blossoms. On
SATURDAY, March 26, at 8:30 a. m.. a spe-
cial train will leave the Southern Pacific depot,
at Fourth and Townsend streets, for San Jose,
return Saturday night or on any Sunday train
One-half fare for the round trip. -.Come and
see the beautiful Santa Clara Valley when Its
I great fruit orchards are in bloom. Roads and
I drives lined with great natural bouquets of
; unrivaled ■ beauty ; and >, fragrance. :, Carriages
will i meet the train and excursions to the Wil-
lows, Campbells,' Los Gatos, Saratoga, Alum
Rock, 'i Berryesea ; and other points of : interest
arranged. Valley of orchard t trees at height
[of bloom. - •
78
ROLLED HER
MASTS OUT
The French Bark Alice
Suffered in a Cape
Horn Storm.
Two Close Races Between Sail
ing Vessels That Left Here
in October.
Alter Getting Out of the Tiburon La
goon the Will o' the Wisp
Went Ashore.
The new French bark Alice, whlcß ar
rived from Swansea yesterday, had v pe
culiar experience while rounding the
Horn. While hove-to under two lower
topsails tii' 1 backstays parted and the
fore and main topgallant masts, with
everyuilng attached, went by the board.
It happened i>n December 31 last, in lati
tude 66 10 south, longitude 7t> f>o west. A
heavy gate was encountered, which lasted
ten days, and everybody <>n boaru hail
a terrible time of it. The bark was hove
to, and nearly every roll Bhe dipped her
Into the water. The strain on the
vessel's rigging was enormous, and in
spite of ihe fact that the vessel was on
her maiden voyage and everything \y;ls
brand new, the backstays could not stiuid
thf pressure, and the !">s of tin- spars
was the rosuit. The captain Bays that
considering the way the vessel was roll
-'..■ escaped easily, and it w;is lucky
that the fore and main masts did not go
by the board.
On Oecember 18, E. Paltonche, the
A a cook, died from natural causes,
and was buried at sea. The Alice is a
very handsome craft* and Is the finest
vessel flying the French ilag that has
come in to this port in many a day.
A couple of very interesting ocean races
have Just been completed, and in one
Instance the linisii was very close. The
British bark Olivebank, with a cargo of
wheat, valued i I . . and the British
ship Pinmore, with a similar cargo, val
ued at $119, . from San Francisco
for Great Britain on Oi tob< r 27 last, while
twenty-four hours later the British ship
Drumalis, with a wheat cargo valued at
JLJS.OOo, sailed. The Olivebank arrived at
her destination on the 17th hist., while
the Drumalis arrived a day later. When
it came down to actual figuring there
were only a couple of hours" difference
between the two vessels. The Plnmore
was beaten a day by botti vessels.
The second race started several days
after the three-cornered one. The Moel
Ellian, Salvatore Ciampa and [nchcape
Rock left together on -November 4 last,
the Cavaliere Ciampa and Anaurus
Bailed on November E and the Aberfoyle
on November 6, The Salvatore Ciampa
arrived at Queens town on February 26,
Inchcape Rock February L' 7. Aberfoyle
February 28, Moel Kilian March 15. An- I
aurus March .** and Cavaliere Ciampa I
FROM VAUDEVILLE TO LEGITIMATE COMEDY.
Ferris Hartman Will Appear at the Baldwin in a
New Role.
If Ferris Hartman ever writes an autobiography he will certainly devote
a Feparate and distinct chapter to his new adventure in histrionic art,
that cf a legitimate comedian in co . .-;., :■-. is affected by Joe Hol
land. On April 25 Ferris will appea • :it the Baldwin In the title role of
"The Purser." an Kng-lish comedy which has run through the provinces
a.nd was successfully produced at the Strand Theater, London.
Hartman lias been rather protean In liis stage <-fforts. At first he started
his theatrical career as an actor In strung melodrama, then he lost some of
his heavy seriousness and delved for a lighter but more productive rein.
He found it in comic and burlesque opera. At the Tivoli. where Hartman
relpnec! supreme for several years, doing: much to draw the smiles and pro
voke the laughter of a generous audience night after nlpht, he played
Innumerable parts. He ran the gamut from Rip Van Winkle to Tommy
Nothing in Miss Frisco, warbling topical songs when necessary and clinging
to straight parts when the stage manager forbade a departure from the
role as written. After his long engagement there, the favorite of the Tiv
oli patrons ireni ESast and appeared In vaudeville. His success in this line
was not astounding, so Hartman crossed the ''pond" to capture the Ang
lians. In England h<> secured the play In which he will appear at the Bald
win for the lirst time.
Before leaving America Hartman signed a contract for five years with
George Bowli s. one of the most popular theatrical men In America. Bowles
is to star Hartman and the process will begin In this city late in April.
The play In which Hartman will make his debut as a straight comedian
offers many opportunities for the versatile actor. The entire action is laid
on boanl an ocean steamer. There are three nets, with three changes of
seen< — the first on the deck, the second In the dining room, the third in
ih.- salon. The situations are said to be very funny and at the same time
natural.
The Purser, the role which Hartman will essay, is returning from a
voyage to Australia. On the ship Is a beautiful and wealthy woman
whose married life has not been a sea of happiness and a round of pleas
ure. She fancies the purser, and In their confidential talks he recommends
the divorce courts as a solution of her difficulties. She imagines that an
immediate union with the purser will follow the divorce, but the latter had
no such thoughts. He loves a young London girl, and upon his arrival
marries her. Just after this eveni he is ordered to return, and is placed
in a quandary on account of the law of the company, which prohibits offi
cers of the steamers to lie accompanied on voyages by their wives. The
purser's wife ships as a passenger and the divorcee also. Then the fun
begins. The wife, posing as an unmarried female, evokes the erotic pas
sion in the breasts of the ship's captain, the ship's doctor and two young
men On a pleasure trip to Australia. The plot thickens in many knots, evi
dently inextricable, but the solution comes in time and there is the usual
pairing off for the denouement. «
Whether Ferris Hartman will make a success of this new venture or
not, a San Francisco audience will be the first to pass judgment. Hart
man is now in New York, which place he will soon leave for this city to
organize his company and prepare for rehearsals.
ROLLING HER TOPGALLANT MASTS OUT.
The new French bark Alice was caught In a storm off Cape Horn. A tremendous sea was running, and It was
blowing a gale. Captain Gosse hove the vessel to under two lower topsails, but she rolled and strained so that the
backstays parted and the fore and main topgallant masts with all attachments went by the board.
March 17. The Salvatore Clampa's run
of 113 days is the record run this year.
The yacht Will o' the Wisp will have
to go on the ways for repairs before she
can go Into commission. After coming
out of retirement in the Tlbnron basin
last Sunday she went to Sausallto and
moored near the marine boathouse. The
wind took command of her during the
night, and she went ashore, knocking a
big hole in her side. She will be fixed up
and ready fur opening day without any
trouble.
"Charley" Webster, clerk of the steam
er McDowell, Is a. great lover of cats, and
his office on Clay-street wharf is never
without three or four of them. Last
Saturday his favorite, tabby showed him
with motherly pride a litter of kittens,
in which were two freaks. One of the
little, animals, which Charley christen.il
Cuba, had two tails and the other, with
live legs, he called Captain Sigsbee. The
freaks lived until noon yesterday.
In-. H. 11. Thompson, who has made
himself so popular at the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, through his courteous
and skillful services, has severed his con
nection with thai institution. He goes
to San nfateo to take over the practice of
l>r. I*. Thomas, who loaves for Europe In
a few days for a two years' stay. Dr. C.
H Lowe-11 will fill the vacancy caused by
the resignation of Dr. Thompson.
Courtland F. Drum, port steward of the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company, died at his home on Glover
street las»t Sunday. The dece&£< d was for
a quarter of a century with the Naviga
tion Company, and was known to almost
every traveler on the company's river
steamers.
THE SAW/. FT? A^CTSCO CAIX, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1895. .
RACING MAY YET
BE CARRIED ON
Supervisors Do Not Pass
the Order Restrict
ing It
Clinton's Measure Is Found to
Be in Many Respects
Defective.
A Special Committee Will Have a
Chance to Amend— Smith
Oljeets.
The Board of Supervisors dodged the Is
sue on the race track proposition yes- !
terday by referring the matter back to
the special committee to which the ques
tion of restricting racing was originally
intrusted.
The matter came up under the report
of the committee, which consisted of .
Supervisors Clinton, Rivers and Smith.
The two former tiled a report recommend- '-
ing that the board pass an ordinance re
stricting racing to forty-eight days In
each year. The third member of the com
mittee filed a. sharp minority report In ■
which he said that if racing was the cry- |
ing evil claimed by Supervisors Clinton
and Rivera it should be stopped entirely
— not simply restricted to a certain num
ber of days.
He was satisfied, he said, to have three
monuis of racing, but thought this was ,
little enough to give the horse breeders
of me State a chance on their Invest- ;
ments.
Supervisor Clintoa aaid that President
Androus of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club !
had called on him and stated that a job
had been put up to injure the ;lub, and
that tne proposed ordinance would work
a great hardship on those who had in
vested their money in the lngleside track.
Supervisors Smith and /Rottanzi both i
said that if there was any joker in the
matter they wanted, to see it Investigated,
and favored referring the order back to
the committee.
Further discussion developed the fact
that the ordinance proposed by Dr. Clin
ton is fatally defective in many points,
and is was finally decided to give tile
committee another chance . to properly
amend the ordinance before putting it ;
to a final test of the vote of the board.
it is thought that the restriction on :
ladies' day will be eliminated, legal advice
being to the effect that such a regula
tion cannot be carried out.
The report of the special committee was
placed on file. It is probable that the i
ordinance, when placed in proper legal •
form, will be accepted and passed by the
board.
Supervisor Haskins introduced a reso
lution that was adopted requiring Tax
Collector Block to furnish specifications j
for the publication of the delinquent tax
list for the year ISS7.
it was decided to instruct Attorney Wil- ■
lett to take an appeal to the Supreme
Court in the case of the city against the
California Hotel.- Willett is intrusted
With the collection of delinquent taxes
and recently sued the hotel, the city los
ing its case on technicality.
A resolution was introduced by Super
visor Delany, and passed, instructing the
clerk of the board to advertise for pro
posals for the burial of the indigent uead
lor the year beginning July l.
The Siayor was empowered by resolu
tion to examine Into the matter of the
County Clerk's employes ana, if neces
sary, to call upon City and County At
torney Crt-swell to determine whether or
not all of the appointments of Mr. Curry
are legal.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following: is a complete record of j
the street improvements whl .1 passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
i session:
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Ashbury and Waller— Artlllclai stone side
walks.
Castro. Twenty-sixth to Army— Grading.
Castro and Twentieth l'avlng.
Kighth avenue, C to Fulton street—Regrad
i ing.
Guerrero. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Curbs and
paving.
Grove, Gough to Octavin— Artificial stone
sidewalks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FREE.
\TWwMS Of] QIC flo*/ m£s££ ! To demonstrate our Painless
V *P\V*\\ A/ U *Bf* ?J^*l,W will devote One Hour each day
5^ V /V /]/*'&/^ I'lint E . E XTRACTIOXS-10 to 11 A. M. The.
TflB\ \^-d^emkCr * Ck^ V. JL is always ahead In Advanced Dental
» Ok f&^^fg^K *&» £> .1 No st udent employed.
wJ3 -V 7* >a «_. —^'^■P r '/I th j;. n ' x < 30 .lays our priceg will be:
— z_p;. ..;' \ m^^ ~ %&th crow & T a™ for * 5o v*u *
C 4M' Wp'-'7\!^ CLEANING TEETH 50c up
Fo 4WfF^r\^ VpU^ ! A Physician Always in Attendance.
■^ If \ I FfL rr L BB E C D° d SKILLED OPERATORS.
TEETH li% M CROwSli LADY ATTENDANT.
LUin^j.^ Brid«ewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITH PAIN. n R -T- >? «2-v-o *-»*, «-
Office Houra-9 a. m. to 10 p.m.; Slides 9 to* 2 p.'i^ TROIN °*
Julian avenue. Fourteenth to Fifteenth
Mason, O'Farrell to Geary— Same.
Nue and Fifteenth -Same on southwest cor
ner.
Roach, Valparaiso to Greenwich — Pipe sewer,
etc
Stark, Stockton to easterly termination of
Stark— Curbs and paving.
Sixteenth, Sanchez to Noe — Same.
Water, .Mason to Taylor -Same.
Spruce, Clay to Washington— Same.
Kent. Mason to westerly termination of
Kent Same.
Clay and Spruce— Paving.
Spruce, Clay to Washington— Curbs and pav
ing.
Washington, Locust to Spruce— Same.
Washington and Spruce- Paving.
Washington and Locust— Same.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Clay, from point 137% feet west of Baker to
point 137 Vs feet westerly— Granite curbs on
southerly line and paving of btreet between
same points.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Potrero avenue. Division to Alameda streets —
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Alameda street— Paving.
I'otrero avenue, Alameda to Fifteenth— Curbs
and paving.
Potrero avenue and Fifteenth— Paving.
Potre;o avenue. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Curbs
and paving.
Potrero avenue and Sixteenth — Paving.
Potrero avenue. Sixteenth to Seventeenth-
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Seventeenth — Curbs and
paving.
Potrero avenue. Seventeenth to Mariposa —
Same.
Potrero avenue and Mariposa— Paving.
Potrero avenue, Hariposa to Eighteenth
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Eighteenth— Paving.
Potrero avenue. Eighteenth to Nineteenth —
Curbs and paving.
Potrero avenue and Nineteenth — Paving.
Potrero avenue. Nineteenth to Twentieth-
Curbs and paving-.
Potrero avenue and Twentieth — Paving.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-lint to Twenty
fourth—Curbs, paving:, storm-water inlet, etc.
Potrero avenue, Twenty-fourth to Twenty
fifth — Curbs and paving.
Pierce, Oak to Page— Same.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus— Grading,
: curbs, etc.
Truett, Mason to westerly termination—Pav
ing.
Bryant, Twenty-second to Twenty- third —
Curbs and paving:.
Waller. Pierce to Scott— Same.
Stevenson, Twelfth to westerly termination
— Curb», paving and sewering.
Sixteenth, Castro to point 255 feet westerly —
Sewering, eto^
RECOMMENDED UST- SUPERINTENDENT
- OF STREETS.
Seventh, northwest line of Irwln to north"
west line o ; Hubbell— Grading, curbs and pav
ing. '
Nineteenth, Guerrero to Dolores—
stone sidewalks.-
RESOLUTION OP FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Lombard. Devisadero to Broderlck— Bitumen.
Walnut, California to Sacramento — Basalt.
California, Central avenue to Walnut street-
Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Broadway and Devisadero— Bitumen.
Broderick, Washington to Jackson— Basalt
and bitumen.
Gilbert, Krannan to southeast termination of
Gilbert— Bltumi a,
Laguna and Lombard— Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Chenery, Mateo to Miguel— To Flinn &
Treacy. ninety days on sewering.
Chenery, Roanoke to Castro— Same
Sanchez, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— same,
thirty days on 1 lying sidewalks.
I 'age and Lyon— To same, thirty days on
paving.
California, Maple to Cherry— To Union Pav
ing Company, sixty days on paving etc ■
Laguna, Kills to O'Farrell— To property
owners, sixty days on same. v v *
Also to property owners, thirty days on grad
ing, macadamizing, etc., as follows: Grove
street and Masonic venue; Grove and Clay
ton; Grove and Ashbury; Ashbury, Fulton to
Grove; Ashbury, Grove to Hayes; Grove. Clay
ton to Cole; Grove, Masonic avenue m Ash
bury; ,Ur..%.- Ashbu , r , y to Clayton; Clayton.
1-ulton to Grove; Clayton, Grove to Hayes
alen^G^^to^el " Gr ° Ye: Ma8 ° nl °
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army— To Warren
& Mai ley, ninety days on grading, etc.
Lacuna. Greenwich to Lombard— To City
Street Improvement Company, thirty days on
Minnesota, Nineteenth to Twentieth— To
property owners, ninety days on grading etc
ITwenty-third,1 Twenty-third, lowa to west line of Missis
slune ° Henry A - Whitley. ninety days on
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE. '
Fourteenth, Dolores to Market-Property
owners, to pave by private contract.
Hickory 'avenue, <; ugh to Octavia street— I
same, with pipe sewer, etc.
wuSSSSS^" No> My Willluni Frish - to repair
Third avenue. Point Lobos avenue to Clement
Property owners, to regrade by private \
con t i*iict.
Mission. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Mission Lodge Masonic Hall Association, for
laying of artificial stone sidewalks.
Filbert, Filimore to Steiner— Property owners,
for same. • ... n .
Tenth avenue, L to M street— Same, for grad
ing, etc. ,
Ninth avenue, J to center line of X street-
Property owners, to grade, curb, etc., westerly
half.
Filimore, Page to — Property owners,
to pave.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Hush street— Mrs. L. M. Bigelow, against
boulevard proposition.
Lombard, Baker to Broderlck, etc.— George
Whittell, against acceptance.
Capitol avenue, Capitol street to Ocean ave
nue—J. N. Schneider, against grading.
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Property
owners, against regradlng and paving.
San Jose avenue, Twenty-second to Twenty- i
third street— Property owners, against paving.
Spruce. Clay to Washington— Same.
Waller. Central to Masonic avenue — Ruth
Rothensteln, against same.
Clement. Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth, eto.
— R. H. Lloyd, against sewering.
Delgado place, off Hyde street, easterly—
Property owners, against same.
Wlldey avenue, Fillmore to Steiner— Property
owners, against sewering.
COMMUNICATION FROM SUPERINTEND
ENT OF STREETS.
P street south, First avenue south to Rail
road avenue; Second avenue south, P street
south to Railroad avenue— This part of P
street Is partially obstructed by fences. Plank-
Ing for full width thereof recommended, with
fences and Improvements to be made to con
form to lines given by City Engineer. This part
of Second avenue should be planked for full
width and fences In center line removed.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
S^TSJ? 8 SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
Third, Mission to Howard— Bituminous pave
ment should be laid at once and contract
awarded.
Folsom, Third to Hawthorne— Repair of side
walks on southeast side referred to Superin
tendent of Streets.
Noe, Henry to Fifteenth— Sidewalks may be
laid by Emily Sellers.
Noe. west side, L's feet from Henry— Against
laying sidewalk.
Noe and Fourteenth— John Stelllng may re
tain artificial stone curbs.
Bryant. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Property-owners may pave.
Wolfe, Isabel to Peralta avenue— Against
sewering, as there is no outlet.
Pierce. Waller to Halght— Property-owners
may pave.
Filbert, Stelner to Pierce— Same.
Allen, off Hyde westerly— Paving postponed
six months.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Same.
Bush. Brnderiek to Baker— Property-owners
are entitled to speedy finish of work.
Pennsylvania avenue, Eighteenth to Nine
teenth street— Property-owners may pave.
Dolores, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— J. J.
Smith may lay sidewalk on east sl.le.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filec^
A MISSION FOR
THE CATHEDRAL
Will Be Conducted During Pas
sion Week by Father
Yorke.
Archbishop Riordan Will Deliver the
Opening Sermon Next
Sunday.
During Passion week, upon which the
church enters Sunday, March 27, a mis
sion will be conducted in St. Mary's Ca
thedral by Rev. P. C. Yorke. The mission
will be inaugurated with solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock Sunday (Passion Sun
day), and will be brought to a close on
! Palm Sunday evening. It will afford the
faithful an opportunity of preparing for
the solemn commemoration of the great
mysteries of the redemption and of ful
filling their Easter duties. It j the earn
est desire of Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V". G., that the men — especiaJly the young
men of the cathedral parish— will attend
the exercises and avail themselves 0.. the
benefits attached to the week's retreat.
The mission will open with solemn high
mass at H o'clock on Sunday. His Grace
i the Most Rev. --rchbishop will preach the
opening discourse, -r. the evening at 8
o'clock Father Yorke will deliver the first
of his series of sermons. The full pro
gramme of evening sermons is as follows:
Passion Sunday, March 27, "The Greatest
! Thing in the World."
Monday: "Death."
Tuesday: "Watchman, What of the Night?"
Wednesday: "The Worm That Dleth Not."
Thursday: "The World, the Flesh and the
Devil."
Friday: "Vexilla Regis."
Palm Sunday: "The Victor's Palm."
Together wiui the sermon there will be
rosary and benediction on each evening.
During the week the masses will be at
5:45, 7 and 9 o'clock. The 5:45 o'clock
mass will be followed by a practical in
struction, and a sermon Wui be delivered
at the 9 o'clock mass.
The members of Cathedral Council No.
59, Y. M. L, and of Company A, L. C. C,
will attend lac various exercises of the
mission and approach holy communion in
a body at the 8 o'clock mass on jralrn
Sunday.
Another Will Contest.
Mrs. Margaret Beston has filed a con
test to the probating of the will of her
father, Thomas Young, a stevedore, who
died last February, leaving an estate
valued at J2o.<X>o. She claims that her
father was unduly influenced by her step
mother. The bulk of the property was
left to tin- widow.
Dredger Cases Submitted.
The cases of A. B. Bowers against the
San Francisco Bridge Company and
against the Pacific Coast Dredging and
Reclamation Company were yesterday
submitted to Judge Morrow In the United
States Circuit Court.
Hypnotic Wonders.
No one need go to Paris now to see all that
is marvelous In hypnotism. In the hypnotic
wards of many hospitals of this country are
hypnotic subjects that a mere glance. It is
said, throws them into the trance state. But
in order to overcome that obstinate kidney
trouble, the persistent use of Hostetter's Stom
ach Hitters is necessary. I'se it also system
atically for malarial, bilious, dyspeptic, rheu
matic and nervous diseases.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
. jm,2fvrvout l>t*rnie* — Failing Mem-
ory, Jmpotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis- 1
cretions, They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and I
fit a man for study, business or marriage. !
* Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
me. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CURE where all other fail In-
: sist, upon having the genuine Ajar Tablets. They
have cured thousands and willcnreyon. Woijivsapos-
itivo written guarantee to effsct a cure Cfl PTC in
each case or refund the money. Price wU W I Wiper
package; or six pkgps (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
free AJAX REMEDY CO., "cm"^, 0
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnlts A Co..
MO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 963 Mkt.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
„ .^A 100* Market St.,
""} Scar Powell.
Telephone, South 4ao,
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S °«*«
JS* Museum of Anatomy
i gHftal :c5l masxit st. bet. 6ti * 7ti - s - r - °* L
£ '' IB The I.»rprsto:i«fk)oiHnlh* World.
lj^t» DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
bIvwUV Camttlutlaa free. ITrit« (tor Book
W / (^PhHosophy of Marriage.
» *J MAILED FRCC
pwwmimia
m HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples. Copper- ■
B Colored Spots. Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers I
■in Mouth, Hatr-Fallinp? Write COOK XX.M- ■
■ ED Y CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
B CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital m
M $oC«).OUU. Worst cases cured in li to 36 days. ■■
■ l(Xfpa?e book free. ■
—^—^^—i^—g
__— — . ,
>^^03B^^«m W "'8 •* is a non-poisonona f
<'l^^^F^^^^t£M remedy for Uonorrhira. i
r C I n Eb^EJ '-I-;. Spermatorrhoea,
|Wr <d 1 to 5 dara.^lH Whites, Unnatural ilia-
M* Ga»r»ntt'ed | charged, or any inflamma- :
|*| not to itrieiore. tion. irritation or ulcera- ;
g— JP«»enu eont»jioD. tion ,f mucous Eiem-
W««ltheEv*NSChEUl£«iCo. Cranes. Non-astringeut.
CINCINNATI. C ■■I Sold , b 7 Wmnriiu,
U. S. ASM' or Bent in plain wrapper.
4^H,V "y exprfos. prepaid, for
■''&RBBKBf&rv i W f l .- ai > or 3 bottles, ?2.:;,.
■ Circular Mat on request'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pyj^B» The Watchdog For The Klondike, j
[>Sg9HPI V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., h'
WUJENM££SWk^ . ~— ~~
In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who Is en-
gaged in merchandising, and he calls his place the Golden Rulo
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails- to recom-
mend Ripans Tabules and to give his own experience with them, which
! he relates as follows: "For fully twenty-five years I have been an
j asthmatic. As a general thing throughout the winter, I have to re-
main indoors at least three or four days in each month. I have suf-
fered a great — yet all the precautions I might take did not keep
me free from these terrible attacks. About eighteen months ago I
commenced taking RIPANS TABULES to regulate my stomach. I
am of a bilious temperament, and as soon as I become bilious I am
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all
right, and for the past year I have not been confined to the house at
all. My asthma is not cured — but the attacks are very slight. I_uso
on an average two Tabules every Sunday, one on Wednesda: ana ono
on Friday."'
SAILSOAD TBAVEL,
uorTiir.it.N i'*iifi( compajtt.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* Irßtr mi. l »■•« tint' to arrive as
NAN rUA>'CISC'O.
■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) v
| Have — From January 1, 1898. — AKBro
; »6:OO a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7:OOa Kenicia, Suisua end Sacramento - 10:13*
7:OOa. Marysvilic, Orovilleand liedding via
Woodland 5:45f
7:00 a Vacavillo and Rumsey 8:45»
*:3Ua Martiuez. San llamon. Vallejo. Xapa,
Calistoga ami Santa Uosa b:lsp
SiOOa Atlantic 1111 IBM. Ogtlen and East.. *:-»•"»*■
».«:io a Nili-M, Sail .Ids.-. .Stockton, lone,
-'.• -, • Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Re.l WlnH 4:15r
•8:30 a Peters, Milton ami Oakdale "7:S3p
Bt«t»A New Orleans Kxpress, Merced. Ray-
mond, Fresno, I!aker3!3el<l, Santa
limliara, l.os Angeles, Deming,
Xl l'u-<... New Orleans and East. 6:4.1*
9:00 v Vallejo. Martinez, Merced - and
Fresno 12i15r
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *s»:<>Op
" l:OOp Niles, San Jose an J Way Stations.. J9:lsa
l::tOr Martinez ami Way Stations ?:4Sr
8:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia 4:15-.
LiTermoro, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tl©»I»*
•€i»Op Mi.rtint-.., San Uamcn, Vallejo.
Naiia, Culiiitogit, ICI Vertuio and
Santa Itosa »il»i
4i«»r Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
v vlllo and Sacramento I«:4»a
4iSor Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. TilSp
4:8 op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg), '
Santa Barbara and Jam Angeles.. 7:4»a
4iXWp Santa Fe Kcute, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and Hint 6:45?
•J3:3op " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, SI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East  §1 0:13 a
TOt3ur " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and Ea*t |1O:I5a
SiOOp Kuropcan Mail, Ogilen aud Hast 9:43 a
StOOp l(:i)tvar<li> Nlleiaml Han Jose 7:43 a
t*:OOr Vallejo t7:45r
»'.««» OrvKOti ICxi>rcßB, iSiicranieutn, Marys-
viile, iti-ililinK. rortluiid, I'nyet
■Sound mi.'. Lust 8»15a
SAN uuh»bo AM) ilfllim local.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<»«:00.\ I ( 7:1
8:0« a Melrose, Seminary Park, ** 9: liJ A
0:00 a .„.  mm X. » 10:45 a
10 ooa Htcliburar, Elmlicrst, 11:15*
<11:OOa San I^andro, South Kaa ' 12:l^r
.* .°. ! I(eMdr o, Estudillo, 11^,'r
i:t:6b'p Lorenzo, Cherry i 14:43p
4:00 . t3:43p
5:00p . and j 8:l5l>
0:30r I Raywards. i 7:43p
7:iM»r i 8:45 p
S:OO? i u ,, g through to Nile*. f ,2 :4 ? p
©:OOp ; From Niles lO:5Op
tfll:I5r; ttl2:OOr
CO ASI DIVISION (Xarrovr Uongc).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
SolS A Newark. Center* Jose, Felton,
Vouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SIM*
•SUißr Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New '- '
Alunaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek, <
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •■•iS«4
lilSr Newark, San Jose aud Los Gatoa ... 9:8Oa
tllt43r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations :?:gQf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsm SIN FRANCISCO— root at Market Street (Slip 3)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m.: Jl:00 •2.-00 13:00
•i:00 JB:OO •6:03r.M.
fT»» OiIUSD— if Bro»aw»Y.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
»13:0Q •X:00 13:00 '3:00 t*:QO "8:00 p.m.
" COAST 111 VISION Broad UaDge).
(Thin! and Towngend Sta.) '
•ISS.\ Sail Jose and Way Statious (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 6i55a
»!••* San Jose, Trcs I'liioh. Suuta Crux,
rucilic Unite, Faso ICobles, San
Luis Ol.iftpo, (iimdalupe. Surf and
l'iiiici|)iil Way Stations 4:19r ;
I»i4O/> San Joso mid Way Stations *S:OOa
Sl::iOA San Jose ami Way .Stations 8:33 a
•»t3«f Sau Mat Redwood, Meulo Park.
Santa Clara. San Jose. Gilroy,
Hollister. KnnU Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey mid I'ncilic (irove *I0:40a
•»:15p Sau Jose aud Principal Way Stations »9:«»0a
•4il3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:3Op
"' .1:30p Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3op
' 6::: up San Jose ami Way Stations 7:20r
j11:45p San Jose ami Way Stations ?:2Ur
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sandavs excepte<l. I Sundays only, - 1 Saturdays only.
tj Monday. Thursday and Saturday night* only.
j 5 Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. . -_ z'-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 19, 1897, trains will ma v
follows:
South Do and. ] [ "Northbound. j
Paseen- Mixed stallon3 . Mixed' "Pa^T
rer Sunday =uuona Sund.iy ger
Pally. Excptd — Excptd Dally. i
TJOa.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. s«i n.m~
»:10a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. tiS £S
ltl:Wa.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3Ua.m. 2:20 p.m
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford . :45 a.m. 1:15 am
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. VUaUa 8:40 a.m. i2-.4Upm
Stopping at Intermediate po luta wnen required
' Connections— At aicckton with 'steamboats of
£_ *?'. &l i 9°- IMTI " l , San Francisco and I
Stockton it I p. m. dally: at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coultemn*. etc :
also - with stag, for HornUo*. Martpoea? «Tel i
•* LanJtersUia wiu» iuwo to*Hd Uo» Mad«^! ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburoa Ferry, Foot olt Market -Su
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 13:15.
5.30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Kxtra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. "- - •• -'- '
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:M. tja»
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. OB.J
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, I:«.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxea Park
! came schedule as above.
Leave IT . ™. Arrive »-^»
San Francisco. OrtT li.* San Francl9
— Week! Sun- TVstiSatlon Snn " 1 Weei
Weefc Sun- TV»Btinat)nn Sun " Wee*
I Pays. I flays, Destination j day^ [ daya.^
7:30 a.m. !8:00a.m.) Novato, |10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petalum3. ' 0:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. ; 5:00 p.m. I Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m. 6.22 p.m.
Fulton.
7 30a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg 1 ,
Lytton.
Geyservllle, |
7:30 p.m. S :00a.m. Cloverdale. i 7:35 p.m. 6:22r>rn.
j ! Uoplaud and) "*
i 7 :30 a.m. !s -00a.m. I Uklah. 1 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
I 7:Soa.m. 1 10:25 a.m.
iB :ooa.m. j Guerne villa 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. i I 6:22p.tn.
7:00 a.m. 6 :00a.m. 1 Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:10 a.m.
ana
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. I 6:10 p.m. 6:22p.nt.
7 :30a.m. 18 :00 a.m. I dohsujt^noi ; 10 : 40 a.m. 10: mT
3 :30 p.m. 5 :00 p.m. I SebastcpoL ; f;3sp-m- 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprinps; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdaie for the Geysers; at Hopland tor
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
neirs, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle, Boonvllla,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
< On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polata
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polata
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
■' Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronlcla
bU A. d W ff FOSTER. B. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Til lillli.lll.il W CALIFORNIA
|af|lCT|p LIMITED.
■ Sj^ffllll SAN FRANCISCO
|li.iiiayiM.?Mi[ CH | CAGO>
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flrst-class passengers only, but with*
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
3% days to Chicago. 4^ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars oa
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACffIC~COAST~IAILROAS
Vi« Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9-« i
11:30 a. m. : '1:45, 3:45. '5:15, 6:00, 67m D n£
Extra trips for San Rafael on . MondavsT
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo *10 08.
•11:30 a. m. : *1:15, 3:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m. '
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, IS9T:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. «v
Sundays— S:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 a m. "" it
Round trip from Mill Valley, II ■ }-^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
fiftft MARKET ST.. OPP. PA_U*CH
yOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Realdtno* m
Valcaola atn*k Talqpboaa, '\4fw^k itRECEPTION TO
D. H. HASTINGS
The Governor of Penn
sylvania Arrives in
the City.
Members of the Union League
Club Extend a Cordial
Welcome.
Addresses Are Made by Prominent
Men of the City and the
State.
Governor Daniel H. Hastings of Penn
sylvania was tendered a reception by the
members of the Union League Club last
night at their headquarters in the Pal
ace Hotel. Prominent men in nearly
. very profession were in attendance and
many made short addresses in honor of
iho occasion, among them being United
B Oator White and Attorney-Gen
( ral McCormiek of Pennsylvania, The
"hi California hospitality was in evt
aad every effort was made to give
the chief executive of the "Keystone
State" an appropriate and cordial wel
come.
The prevailing remarks on the
subject of the imminent hostili
ties that are rapidly approaching between
this country and Spain were elo
quent appeals t.. the citizens of the
?°H ntr L tv s ''tnd together despite polit
ical affiliations to meet the impending
war with the "don."
Tirvy L. Kurd delivered the opening re
marks, which were as follows:
The Union League Clu*b desires me to extend
to you its sincere and hearty welcome and to
assure you of the great pleasure afforded its
members by your presence with us this even-
Ing. Though far removed from the historic
state or whose government you form so con
spicuous a part. 1 can assure you that our
hearts beat in Unison with yours in 'reverence
for the principles and policies that have made
our nation great and to which the Union
League club stands firmly and irrevocably
pledged. . -
But not alone as Republicans do the mem
bers of the Union League Club extend their
welcome, but rather as Californians who love
their State and who would have you know her
people and see and appreciate the beauties and
advantages that are peculiarly her own. As a
member of the great sisterhood of States Cali
fornia is still young, and yet her history is
replete with stirring incidents since Cabrillo
anchored his ships in the harbor of San Diego,
only fifty years after the discovery of America
by Columbus. We have no Independence Hall
or Gettysburg, but we have the mines of pre
cious metals that stood as a bulwark against
the waning, credit of an imperiled nation, a
truitfur soil teeming With all that makes a
great and prosperous State, with climate and
scenery unrivaled elsewhere on the globe. But,
above all this, with a proud and patriotic peo
ple. California stands guard at the western
gate and is ready at a moment's call to join
your own beloved Pennsylvania in defending
our nation's Hag and our nation's honor
wherever and whenever assailed.
It is not my purpose at this time to do
more than extend to you a welcome which I
can assure you is most cordial and sincere. I
cannot retrain, however, from taking advant
age of your presence to indicate to you, and,
through you to our political brethren of the
East, the supreme confidence felt by the Re
publicans of California in the administration
at "Washington, and their unbounded faith in
the ability of our President to guide our nation
safely through the perils with which she has
been so suddenly confronted.
CHAMPIONS DEFEATED.
Santa Clara Administers a Defeat to
the Clever California Market
Baseball Nine.
After downing the representatives of
Berkeley and Stanford, the crack Santa
Clara baseball aggregation tried its mettle
against the California Markets at Santa
Clara, a few days ago, with surprising
vrsultsr.*
They not only defeated the tournament
winners of last season, but proved their
right to be classed as one of the lead
ing teams of the State.
Although strengthened by two ex-Na
tional League players, Mertes and "Josh"
Eiielly, the Markets were outplayed, the
college team winning on their merits.
Rielly, Murphy and Mertes were the
jL ght lights on the local team, while the
&st individual work for Santa Clara -was
{.one by Taber.
Iberg and Kelly shared in the pitching
honors. Both men twirling in excellent
form. .'i
The game was played in remarkably
fast time, and created great enthusiasm
in the large crowd present. Following
is the score:
Santa Clara. AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Robinson, c. t 5 2 2 0 10 1
Taber, r. 1 1 1 2 0 2 2 0
Graham, c 4 1115 0 0
Gearin, s. s 4 10 10 4:
Kelly, p 4 110 0 10
Parry, lb 4 0 2 0 8 0 0
Conner, 3b 4 0 0 0 110
Connahan, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Garnot, 2b - 4 0 0 0 7 2 0
Totals 37 6 8 2 27 12 2
Pal. Markets. AB. 11. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mertes, 3b 3 0 112 4 2
Krusr. s. 8 5 0 0 0 0 2 4
.Murphy, lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
Hiley, lib 3 110 2 6 0
Hearty, 1. f 4 0 112 0 0
Stroecker, c 4 0 1 0 4 0 0
Iberg, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
rushing, r. f 3 0 10 10 1
Pyne, c. i 4010100
Totals 33 16 2 23 14 7
Runs by innings. 123456789
Santa Clara 00100230 •—
Cal. Markets 00000001 o—l
• Home run— Robinson. Three-base Riley.
Two-base hits — Robinson, Hearty, Stroecker.
Base on ball*— Off Kelly a Passed ball-
Graham. Wild pitches— Kelly 2. Struck out—
By Kelly 4. by Iberg 2. Umpire— Landers.
Scorers— Butler and Sandirer. Time of game—
lh. 2im.
WAS ROBBED OF
HIS RECEIPT
1 •
Merchant Phillips Wants the
Grand Jury to Indict Frank
Carpenter.
A True Bill Found Against Mrs.
Stewart on a Charge of Working
Off Bogus Diamonds.
Th^ Grand Jury at its session last night,
after listening to the charge* preferred
st Frank Carpenter, a bookkeeper.
took the matter under advisement. From
evidence It appears that a Davis
• merchant named Phillips has been
In the habit of speculating outside of his
regular business quite extensively, and
Carpenter acted as his agent, in buying
up salary warrants of municipal em
ployes Phillip* testified that he fre
quently gave Carpenter considerable sums
of money to Invest for him, these sums
ai times amounting to ?2000 or ?2500. Some
mi nths ago, according to Phillips, Car
er called upon him and M*edfor
SMuO, stating that he was in a hurrj.
HWlilps gave him a check on the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank for the
amount, taking Carpenter's receipt, which
. in Bia desk. He then accom
nier to the bank for the pur
of identifying him, after which he
went to lunch. Phillips said that upon
return be found his desk had been
ransacked and the receipt given him by
Carpenter missing. He immediately nunt
. d up the agent and demanded a dupli
reeeipt, i<ut Carpenter refused to
Live It. Phillips accused Carpenter of
having stolen the receipt and afterward
partner, Mr. Williams, sought to in
~* . carpenter to return it, but the lat
i,. r ,;.■,•!;. n-.i he had burned it. When
Phillips made another attempt to recover
tlie receipt, he say* Carpenter asserted
that be had paid the money and since
then he has been unable to obtain satis
1 action and now asks the Grand Jury j
to Indict Carpenter for grand larceny.
i tie Grand Jury, after hearing evidence!
against Mrs. Stewart, the associate and
alleged accomplice of Joseph Schwartz,
the diamond swindler, found a true bill
against her for having swindled a man
named Nash out of a large sum of money,
behwartz was indicted last Monday night
for having fleeced a jeweler named Wolf
son by selling him bogus diamonds. The
woman has been living at 211 Mason
street, and it is alleged that she sent a
note to a person named Fisher at the
Baldwin, asking him to call on her. He
aid so, and arranged for a meeting be
tween the Stewart woman and Nash.
She told Nash she wanted to raise money
to open a lodging-house on Mason street
and had some valuable diamonds which
she would give as security for the loan.
Nash advanced the money and took the
diamonds, only to. discover tnat they
were bogus. lie made charges before the
Grand Jury, and it was upon his testi
mony and that of Fisher that the indict
ment was returned. The Grand Jury is
not entirely satisned with Fisher's con
nection with the case, and next Monday
night will endeavor to ascertain whether
he w;is an accomplice of the Stewart
' woman. Chief Loes will be called upon
to tell what he knows about I<ishcr.
COOK ACQUITTED.
The Market - Street Officer Repri-
manded by the Police Com
missioners.
Police Officer James Cook was before
the Police Commissioners last night,
charged with ill-treating Frank Bond, a
clerk in a South-of-I^arket-street lodging
house. Cook had a warrant for Bond's
arrest on a charge of battery, and as the
latter did not want to be taken to the
City Prison, he *aye ti.e officer $40 as
bail. After leaving the place Cook was
Incensed at the remarks of some men
who were not friendly to B< i. and, evi
dently thinking he was «- tting the
worst of it." as he exprefe-' . it. he re
turned to Bond's room, and, after drag
ging him out of bed. made him dress htm
selt He then took him to the nearest
patrol-box and rang in for the wagon.
After its arrival Bond was placed in it
and taken to the City Prison, where h.
was formally charged. Thinking that the
officer had exceeded his duty. Bond pre
ferred charges against him. l^ast night
the case came up before the Commission
ers, and as Bond pleaded that the officer
was not in blame De asked that the case
against him oe dismissed. After repri
manding him for his conduct, the Com
missioners dismissed the charge against
the officious policeman. It was decided
to postpone the appointment of a succes
sor to ex-Sergeant Davis until the. next
meeting.
DEATH DUE TO WHISKY.
An Autopsy Reveals the Fact That
Gaddis was Not Murdered.
The autopsy which was held yesterday
on the body of J. S. Gaddis. who died at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital on Satur
day night, completely upset the theory
of the poiice that the man had been mur
dered. Dr. Gallagher found that death
\v,s due to cerebral congestion, brought
on by the habitual use of liquor. The
only injuries to the man's head were the
lacerated wounds on the face. The doc
tor could find no fractured saull. which
was reported to have been the cause of
Gaddis' death, an,. Dr. (iallapncr pave it
as his opinion that any blow the man
might have received on has face or head
had nothing to do with the fatality.
Death of Two Noted Sportsmen.
L,ast Friday William Remfree of An
tioch died in this city of Bright' a dis
ease of the kidneys, and yesterday his
eldest son. W. J. Remfree. died in An
tioch The father and son were well
and favorably known to many of the
local sportsmen, who will learn with re
gret of their untimely demise.
WITHOUT HIM
IT COULD NOT BE
Colonel "Procession" Robinson
Will Head the Stars of
the New League.
A Great Season of Baseball Arranged
by the California League.
Schedule of Games.
When Colonel "Procession" Robinson
heads the opening parade of the new
California League on Saturday next, the
small boy and. in fact, people of ail ages
should be on the lookout for him. Seat
ed in the first carriage guarding a $100
trophy, which will be contested for by
the six teams, the doughty colonel will
head a regiment of the brawn and mus
cle of what constitutes the new league.
As music has always been a pleasing
feature of the colonel's openings, it will
not be omitted on this occasion, as two
leading bands have been engaged. The
parade will wend its way through all the
important streets, so as to give every
one an opportunity to gaze on the
colonel's beaming countenance and on his
galaxy of stars, who have made names
for themselves on the diamond in sea
sons gone by, and who will very likely
be heard from in the present series.
All the orphan asylums of this city
have received an invitation to attend the
opening game.
Games will be played every Saturday
and Sunday in the important cities of the
State, and 2»2 per cent of the gate re
ceipts of each game will be placed in the
Anglo-Californian Kank to form a fund
to be divided among the thrto teams
holding the highest percentage at the
end of the season.
Following is the schedule decided on
by the league and as it will be carried
out during the season:
San Francisco
at
San Francisco.
Oakland
at
San Francisco.
At
Sacramento.
At
Stockton.
At
Fresno.
At
San Jose.
Oakland.
at
Oakland.
San Francisco
nt
Oakland.
\
March 27.
! April 24.
May 21.
|June 12.
[July 9.
'July 10.
I July 17.
August 7.
AUKUBt 28.
September 5.
Sej tember is.
I September ft,
< tctober 16.
October 23.
November 6.
April 2f.
June 5.
July 3.
July 31.
October 9.
October 2'J.
'i
May 8.
AUfiust 14.
September 10.
.October 2.
I 8.
22.
4.
May 7.
June 11.
June ID.
July 2.
Iniv 95
April 9.
April 27.
San Francisco
}r 9.
;r 17.
;r 5.
•
t
. :- •"
/
: March 27.
April 24.
May 21.
June 12.
July 8.
July 10.
July 17.
August 9.
August 28.
September 6.
September 18.
September 25.
October 16.
October 23.
I November 6.
April 16.
June 20.
July 3.0.
August 21.
S.. pfniber 4.
[October 30.
■
April 10.
I May 14.
: May 2'J.
JMuy 30.
I June 18.
j July 24.
lAut'Ust 20.
April 17.
May 15.
September U.
May 1.
May 28.
July lfi.
October 15.
November 8.
■
April 3.
April 24.
Oakland
:/ ' } : '
: : '\
"\
s
■ .
•--.' "« .*
g&fggaswjffti
I■;;■:,■:I ■;;■:,■: v:\r- -fe
Sacramento...
May 1.
May 14.
May 80.
July 21.
ter 11.
a.
April 3.
June 11.
'June 25.
July 2.
A v Bust 13.
September 9.
October 2.
March 27.
April 17.
May 7. .
June i.
June 11).
July 4. :
August. 6.
September 24.
November 8. j
April 24.
•July 10.
October !fi.
October 22.
October 28.
May 15.
June 12.
August 14.
I
May 15.
May 28.
I June 26.
August 21.
September 3.
October 8.
October 22.
April 23.
'.Tune 5.
July 23.
September
November
■r 17.
r 5.
| April 30.
May 22.
July 6.
July 17.
October 1.
November 6.
June 12.
August 7.
September 25.
i kstobef s.
Octofter 30.
>er 4.
>er IS.
23.
19.
Stockton
«
Frtsr. ■>
April 10.
May 2!>. .
July 10.
September 4.
October I.
November S.
May 7.
June 19.
July 8.
July 31.
August 14.
September 10.
•May 8.
May 2S\
June 15.
August 27.
September 3.
September 17.
Reptemhi r 1\
Novmeber 5.
April 9. '
May 1.
! June 11.
i June. 25.
July 2.-
July 30. I
August 13.
August 28.
September 9.
October 16. ■
October 23. '_ -.
.
''-* .;_ L -. r :> ?■'-?"
30.
17.
er 2.
nber 6.
July 3.
i
September 4.
■ .
-.
'
.
t
March 20.
| April 17.
MtUM 18.
!July 30.
'August 6.
AiJKU!<t 20.
September 24.
October 30.
March 2.
May S. ■
May 12.
June 1.
July 4.
August 27.- ■
October 9. ■
October 29. I
April 10.
May 29.,
July 9.
August- 7.
August 23.
j September 10.
September 25.
I April 3.
I April 24.
I May 21.
I July 3.
July 10.
September 11.
October lti.
March 27.
•June 3.
•June 26.
July 24.
August 21.
May 8.
April 16.
-. .
'
I
■■
imtmiM
- .
in Jose
; i
' •-.'
I
i • Two came*. •
THE SA^ FB-ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAECH 22, 189 S.
OPPOSED TO
THE BOULEVARD
Meeting of Bush-Street
Property Owners Not
Favoring the Job.
The Hand of the Sutter-Street
Railroad Company Said to
Be at the Helm.
Resolutions Adopted Condemning the
Proposed Action of the Supervisors
and Against Its Passage.
A meeting of indignant property-owners
was held at Uie Wentworth Hotel, 6f7
Bush street, last night for the rturpose
of entering a tlnal protest against making
a boulevard of Bush street. The owners
of real estate on Bush street assemoled
on short notice to take suitable action
against what they characterized one of
the greatest farces of the closing century.
Among those present, all ot whom are
property-owners were: Dr. J. F. Shiels,
E. Peterson, J. W. Manning, Robert
White, P. T. Martin, Mrs. M. W. New
man, Mrs. Alma E. Keith, James M. Tay
lor, A. S. Baldwin, G. K. Hilton, Dr. S.
M. Mouser, Frank Maxson, John Miller,
John Donnelly, Edward Patridge, Dr.
Lohsen, Colonel P. Boland, Mrs. Ij. M.
Higlow, Mrs. Catherine Broad, mrs. Mary
McKeman, Mrs. Margaret Barr, Mrs. ±ie
becca Carson, J. M. Costello, J. Hanlon,
Mrs. J. D. Feldbus.!, Mrs. E. Peterson,
J. B. Keesing ariu Irs. A. F. Asher.
The meeting was called to order by J.
M. Taylor, and on motion Dr. J. F. Shiels
was \.it<d to the coair and Colonel P-,
Boland was elected secretary.
bu&rp and pointed speeches opposing
the plan of making a boulevard of the
street were made by Mrs. Mary W. New
man; a large property-owner and pioneer
lady of the city, Mrs. Alma E. Keitn; P.
J. Martin, Montell Taylor, J. Hanlon, M.
J. Manning, Dr. Mouser and others. It
was bad enough, they agreed, to have a
ghost ear line ambulating past their doors
tor years, thereby retarding the prospects
of the street and tending to depreciate
the value of property, it was said ihat
Lucre are two men who own property on
tiie street who are aiding- the Sutter
street company to make the street a
boulevard, so that no other street rail
way company can ever get a franchise on
it. 'ihese two were named as Mr. HooKer
and »v . B. Bradbury, both of whom, it
Is charged, are stockholders of the Sutter
street company.
Resolutions objecting to the boulevard
scheme were adopted, and the secretary
and president appointed as a committee
to present them at a meeting of the
Street Committee on -hursday.
By a vote, it was decided to have every
member of those present appear before
the committee and also before the full
board at their meetings, and by this
means convince the Supervisors that tne
property-owners are determined to op
pose the boulevard scheme tooth and
nail, even to going into court if neces
sary.
Imposed on a Woman.
A well-dressed middle-aged man visited
the lodging-house at 818 Jessie street last
night and pretended to be anxious to rent
a room. He claimed he was a mining
man, and. after selcctlng'-a room, he gave
Mrs. Hoffman, the proprietoress a $5 Con
federate bin. She gave him $4 in change,
and he at once disappeared. A friend
who happened to be in the house at the
time informed Mrs. Hoffman that the
b»il was valueless,- and she notified Cap
tain Spillane. The man was described
as being about 20 years of age, rather
tall and had a light mustache. He was
dressed in ■ a dark" suit of. clothes and
wore a silk hat. From the description
given of him, the police are convinced
that he is the same man who recently
passed several Confederate bills on un
suspecting storekeepers in the Mission.
Lost in a Crowd.
\V. H. Craig, aged .77, a recent arrival
j from Rochester, N. V., is among the
i missing. li> v.a.~ stopping at the Palace
Hotel, and last night his daughter accom
; panied him to tne ferry, intending to
i catch the Sunset limited. In some way
she became separated from him, ana,
on account of his age, she fears some
thing may have happened to him. Last
night she reported his disappearance to
the police. He is described as being
►; leei tail, weighs about 225 pounds and is
well dressed.
Customs Storekeepers Changed.
Assistant storekeepers of customs will
be shifted on the Ist of April, as fol
lows: J. J. Kelly from the seawall ware
house to the Greenwich; Joseph H. Sta
pleton from the Greenwich to the Val
lejo; C. J. Comyns from the Vallejo to
the Atlantic; George I*. Clough from the
Broadway to the seawall; J. G. Ueatty
from the Atlantic to the Oriental, ant!
B. F. Murphy from the Oriental to the
Broadway.
Wants the Judgment Set Aside.
James McCoy, a street contractor, com
menced suit yesterday against Joseph
Wells and John M. Hooper to have a
judgment for $6732 64 against him set
aside on the ground that it was procured
by • fraud: j McCoy, claims that he was
not given" proper notice and did not have
an opportunity to present his defense.
THE SLAYER OF PRESIDENT BARRIOS
OSCAR ZOLLINGER, Who Avenged the Death of His
EmDlouer,
Senor de Las Rivas of this city has just received the accompanying pho
tograph of Oscar Zollinger, the man who put to death the President of the
Guatemalan republic, to avenge the death of Juan Aparicio, a wealthy
planter, who was formerly the assassin's employer. It is the first authen
tic picture of the murderer received in this country. Senor Rivas' corre
spondent writes that since the murder <>f Barrios peace has reigned in
Guatemala, and Pnrrios' successor, President Cabrera, t<> whom the writer
pays a high tribute, gives promise of uniting the opposing factions and es
tablishing harmony throughout the land.
THE BLACK WILL
MEET THE WHITE
Peter Jackson and Jim Jeffries
"Will Perform This
Evening.
Betting Ffcvors the Los Angeles
Heavyweight, Who Has Youth
and Strength.
This evening the sporting fraternity of
this city will witness a great treat in
fisticuffs at Woodward's Pavilion.
Apart from a ten-round contest be
tween two clever youngsters, the patrons
of the ring will have the pleasure of see
ing the great master of "the manly art"
in a contest of twenty rounds against the
powerful and fairly scientific Jim Jeffries
of Southern California.
The contest in a nutshell; will be a
game- of hit anil miss between a general
who has undermined hi» constitution and
a young and powerful athlete who has
still much to glean in the art of self-de
fense.
Peter Jackson is undoubtedly a pol
ished artist. He thoroughly understands
every point of the game and as a matter
of fact he can rest himself in battle when
his opponent is exerting every muscle in
his body with the object of attaining- a
certain end.
But be that as it may, the question at
issue is, can the clever Peter Jackson
baffle the attacks of the enemy and re
main on deck until the limit round is
called?
According to Jackson his young oppon
ent will be made to learn that experi
ence teaches. Jackson baa seen Jeffries
pertorm, and unless he funned a good
line on the lighting qualities of the pow
erful young man from I-os Angeles, it is
surmised that he would not consent to
meet him in a twenty-rouna contest.
Jackson will certainly lose prestige if
Jeffries BhouH whip him, and having
honor and reputation at stake, it is ex
tremely doubtful that the sensitive and
proud champion of England and the Aus
tralians would sign articles to fight any
man unless he thought that victory was
fairly certain.
Rather uian suffer a bad defeat the
friends of the colored champion contend
that Peter Jackson would retire from thc
business of prize-lighting and leave the
hard-earned honors he has achieved by
the power of his fists to be fought for
by those who are most entitled to the
distinction which he now attains, viz.,
champion of the old countries.
There is an old saying that "every dog
has his day," but the colored heavy
weight feels that he is still physically
able to accomplish a trick in a fistic c >m
petitkn against the best man extant,
notwithstanding that he has lived "off
the reel" since he whipped the hard
punching Slavin six years ago.
J.ickson has trained with the object of
Winning the contest this evening. He is
physically in tolerably good condition
ami his admirers expect t.> see him elec
trify the big heavy-weight, but Jeffries
and his warmest friends' smile when the
name of Jackson is mentioned, and in a
quit t way Hilly Delaney remarks:
"WeH, Jackson is a good fellow in a
social way, and 'has been" a great fight
er, but 'Peter the Great' has had one
right too many. On Tuesday evening we
will land him a member or the John L.
Sullivan army; viz., men who have seen
better days."
At CroWley & Raggett's poolrooms last
evening Jackson crawled up to aimost
even money, but his stock fell away per
ceptibly, and at 10 o'clock last evening
tin- betting- favored Jeffries, the pools
closing at 10 to 7. with Jackson on the
short end. In the Paris mutuals the bet
ting was as follows: Jackson, from 1 to
4, 11; 5 to 9. 24; 10 to 13, 50; 14 to 17, 58; 18
i i iiil iivcr. 114.
Jeffries, from 1 to 4, 13; 5 to 9, 32; 10 to
13. ;;7; 14 to 17. 46; IS and over, 107.
It was rumored last evening that if
Jarkson discovered early in the contest
that Jeffries was a harder game than he
expected he would fight with the object
of winning the match on points, which
he certainly can do unless the manager
of Jeffries sends his charge into the con
test with instructions to do or die.
Jeffries should certainly defeat Jack
son, all things considered, if he can ue in
duced to sail In and fight to win.
JAPS MUST GO.
Thirty-Three of the Brown Men Re-
fused a Landing by the Spe
cial Board.
Immigration Commissioner North and
the Specia) Board of Inquiry yesterday
refused a landing to thirty-three out of
the ninety-eight Japanese who arrived
recently by the China and the Doric.
The remaining sixty-five were allowed to
land.
The unlucky thirty-three claimed to be
farmers, visiting California for the pur
pose of studying agriculture— rice culture
for instance— by walking from farm to
to farm and watching the Californian
farmer raise cotton, rice, jute, opium,
sugar cane, silkworms, etc. None of the
new arrivals had more than $M in cash
and the board and the Commissioner were
convinced that the thirty-three were cool
ies and had come hither under labor con
tracts. Their blankets and clothing had
been supplied by the same firm In Yoko
hama, and they all hailed from the same
district.
Convicted of Criminal Libel.
"William Miller, an ex-convict, was con
victed by a jury in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday on a charge of having pub
lished a libolous article in the "Illustrat
ed World" concerning Jane W. Hruner
a lodging house keeper. Miller, who
served a term "across the hay" for burg
lary, is also under sentnee in Santa Clara
County for the publication of other libel
ous articles.
Free, one month's treatment of our new-mpth
od cure for weak, nervous women. Dr. Qonlln,
r.ii PttM fct., San Francisco, Oil.
Sued for His Wedding Repast.
George H. Riptey was sued in the
Justice. Court yesterday for the price of
his wedding breakfast. A well-known
caterer is the plaintiff and alleges that
on April 11, ISM, he furnished covers for
lorry -six persons at $3 50 each, the same
being the wedding repast for Rlpley and
his friends, and that as yet he has been
unable to get a settlement of the bill
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a«a3s«aaaa«aa»aaaac«a»«aaaafi^aaaaaaaa»
1 SPEAKING^teOF CURES! I
'»:i Rupture Cured in Two J^^S^^ He Feels Like a Boy of a
I Months. .-T^^p^"- Fifteen. »
ft '-<<# O
ft Occidental, Calif.,
ft • Feb. 2Sth, 1898.
0 PR. PIERCE & SON— Gentle- !
jj men: I wish to inform you that the Truss ;
*"* which I purchased at your office the 6th ! '
& of last December CURED me of Rupture i
ft in TWO MONTHS. I am o\xr sixty years!
ft of age. . •, , ■'; . • . ' '.; ■_-■.•. :
Cj There is no mistake about the fact that j
" your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss '
ft will positively CURE RUPTURE, and ll'
v^ heartily recommend it to all ruptured per-
" sons. -Yours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS, j '
Of--' If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps for '
sJ- our New Book on Rupture. . Trusses fitted '
~ at office without- extra charge. Address I '
# MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
'■& fiOA MAKKKT STREET, Opposite v.v. :
Cj O^sivr Palace Hotel, San Francisco, ! i
Q Or 35 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., i
#'.., SEATTLE. \. :.'-..': : :...:. I :
W&m DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
kwBMB Five hundred reward for any caaa
91 BBgS.ve cannot cure. This secret remedy
a ,< . '■ , . ■,tops all losses :in 24 : hours, . cures
kn KWHJ rml"-'""' I m potency, v'aricocele,
■M ■■■ Jonorrhoea, Gl>et, Fits. Strictures.
iiJiil ' IL'l'll. Manhood and all wasting jet •
mSH B(3Sa fectsof eeU-abiseor excesses. Sent
■IBWiiißiWl sealed VI bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar
Bnteedtocure. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 655 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alao
for sale at 107?'- > Market St., S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
HOW KENNEDY
WON HIS BET
Tern Peasley Plays the Tramp
in Real Life and Is a
Success. \
The Knight of V the Road, in
"1492," Receives Cold .■
Treatment"
.. • . . . ••■ . . ■ -
Tom Peasley is a tramp ana there is
no mistaking it. In the show and out
of the show ho meets with equal success
when he dons the raiment of the knights
of the dusty roads. Last night after the
curtain dropped on the first performance
of "1492" at the Columbia, Pe'asley re
ceived word from P. J. Kennedy, his man
ager, that he was not to change his tramp
costume. , A bet was '■■ made between Ken
nedy and a friend that Peasley could not
so fur merge his identity in his clothes
and makeup as to be taken for a genu
ine tramp. The test was made last night
with the utmost success, and Kennedy
came in for first money.
Peasley, in his regular, tramp costume,
but with his face unadorned by the close
cropped roseate whiskers he wears on the
stage,, drifted into the Columbia cafe
about 11:30. He fell upon the lunch coun
ter like a hound upon a hare. On one
plate he piled crab salad, enchiladas, cold
meat and olives, all of which he devoured
with supreme gusto. Si Green took chills
at sight of this voracious avalanche, and
had hardly breath left to order one of
his barkeepers to eject the tramp. The
bar was crowded at the time, and some
generously inclined youth shouted out to
bring the fellow in for a drink, but his
words were unheeded and Peasley went
the way of the outcast.
From the Columbia the guileful tramp
walked over to ti,e Baldwin, sauntered in
to the lobby and asked for a room with
bath attached. The clerks displayed a
surprise that does not usually mar their
impassive countenances. Peasley's shirt
was striped black and white. A keen ob
server in the crowd wanted to know who
the tramp was with a "con's" shirt.
Neither lodging nor board was for Peas
ley in his stage effects. Escorted by the
clerk he left the building with impreca
tions on his lips about the charity of the
rich.
Up Powell street he stopped men and
women, his plea being thirst and hunger.
The cold shoulder of humanity was all
he got — with one exception ßogie O'Don
nell wanted to buy him a drink.
■ ♦ ■ •J'fcSK 1
Assault to Murder.
Toy Pan was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of assault to mur
der. He is accused of cutting Toy You's
head with a hatchet last Friday night
on Dupont street. Toy You was suffi
ciently recovered from the effects of the
wound to be able to appear in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday afternoon
and swear to the complaint.
Sued on a Note.
George C. Alferitz and Suzanne Alfer
itz, executors of the estate of Peter Al
feritz, commenced suit yesterday against
Edward J. Pringle to recover $5108 40 on a
note, together with interest from March
14. 1890.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN.
11 B Beers, Nev M J Percy, Rio Vista
\\ F Daly. Byron C Foparty, Stockton
W McLeod, Mich R Lewis, Butte
A Ii Moulton, Chicago C Siminson, Los Ang
ii '-'vans, Jersey City C Sullivan, Petaluma I
G Ham. Stockton - R Henry, Brentwood
H Williams. S Cruz C O'Hara, Brentwood
J Shaville, Riverside Miss Hamilton, Cal
JDe Roco, Los Ang G H Pace, Minn
R Boyle, St Louis X Vv' Mize, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
H Knisht, Cal B Donerty, Boston
E Armstrong, Cal G R Stewart, Cal
H HDana, Germany F Bill &w. Cal
O Woodward, NY IE L Payne &w, NT
Mrs Woodward, NY H H Lee, Denver • .
C Periaso, San Jose I A B Smith. Fresno
E McCabe, Sacto J Diehl, Dutch Flat
B Willis, Sonoma T Lockwood, Chicago
E Ainsworth, Pasadea Mrs Xiockwood, Chica
L Phippes, Los An« \V Inglis, Cal
L Chlttenden, Hanfrd J Connelly Mont
F Torrence, 11l . A Carson & w. Omaha
D Leonhardt, Alaska T Case, Gllroy
Misa Campbell, Alas |P Johnson, S Rafael
.L i' Breuner, Pacto Penniman, S Jose
O H Leaner, Phila jj B Hoyt, Cal
Miss Leaner, Phila C Newman, Willows '
Miss Klennon, Phila J Poundstone, Grand I
M E Malcolm, Palo AII Stone & w. NY -
M Hoffman, L Gatos |J Gridle>,' Marysville"
A Anderson, Suisun iV D Black, Salinas
W HFieldhome, Chica S Chittenden, Brookln
W G Swain. Salinas G Lingro, Birds Ldg
J H Lynn, Hollister :J: J Tuessell &w, L Ang
£1 Folsom, Marysvllle 'T Johnson, Pleasanton
■BALDWIN HOTEL.
F B Lippman, NY W J Everts, Wis • -.
A W Stephenson, N V C M Wilkins, Phila « •
.! W Haberly. Concord I J H McDonough, B C
Mrs 3 W Haberly.Con ; J C Dennis. Texas
L Bush, NY • A Ash. Texas
T R Eckert, Cloverdle W B Murray. Mich .
Mrs T R Eckert. Cloy M W Hen wan, Chgo
J Wlnterbotham. ChRO T Cobles, Portland
Mrs W'nterbotham.Ch C W Geer, Los Ang' .
J II Aldrlch, Sacto D L Haas, wf. San J
Mrs J H Aldrich, Sac L Hanburger, N T '•
,1 C Leopold, Saeto . Lily McDonald, Chgo ; .
E M Scoville, Chicago D King, City
P W Murphy. S L O |W S Odell, Canada,.
G A Clark, San Rafael Mrs W S Odell; Can \
F P Bane, Santa Rosa S Alexander,' Fresno
M E Harris, Oakland C W Hutcheson, S P C
X M Coleman, Sacto C Kipke, ' Suisun .
F M Johnson. Benlcla C Blake, London
R J Port, Columbia I
PALACE HOTEL.
H Rogers, Boston ' |J II Cochrane, Pa
J F Casey, Boston - Mrs J II Cochrane, Pa
J Farnan, NY I Miss- Cochrane, Pa " ■■ :
S L Orr, Indiana G Cochrane, Pa
.1 l: Baird. St Paul DH Hastings. Pa
G O Somers, St Paul Mrs D H Hastings, Pa
W <; Allan, Rossland Miss Hastings, Pa }
C H Castle, Quincy II C McCormick, Pa
H Silver. Los Ang Mrs HCMcCormick.Pa
T E Gibbon, Los An» Miss McCormick, Pa
M Kuhn. NY ! F 'Leonard, Nevada
W A Morgan. Los Ang F II Carey, Conn
E T Stimson, Los ABM Mrs L F Payo. N V
V D Williamson. Spk Dr J E Ambler. N V
O II Searle. Phi>a Miss J Oppenger, N V
Miss H L Searle. Phil L Young, 1" 9 X
Miss A G Searle,- Phil E J Millspaugti, : wf,
H Sutherland, China UUca :;.., v
J Harris, (^uincy J L Eddy, wf, N V
J G Woodworth, wi, C T Bingham, wf, NY
Portland . D T Richardson,
A M Crocker, Portia C H Wolse, wf. N V
W R Gratz, N V Miss Wplse, N V '
D Lely, wf, Chicago Dr C T Pr><»re, wf, NY
A D Levy, NY T J Brundage, Cal-
X S Wai bank. ChgQ W W Denton, Chicago
( > A Poole, Yokohama C F Holly Jr, N V
C E Ford, wf , Omahi. H D Stone, wf. N V
R G Brown. Bodio Mrs C M Johnson, S R
_« ♦ ■
Only an Attack of the Grip.
William Sproulo. freight traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Railroad, is
quite sick at his home on Van Ness ave
nue in this city. Dr. Gardner, the chief
WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell 0
Station, Sonoma County, writes 35
as follows: CT
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con-
Bider your 'Galvanic- Chain Belt' to be one #
r>f the greatest inventions on earth, for it . A
has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR %f
that I feel as young and spry as a boy of i%
fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I ™~
felt weak and without energy; but with W
your Belt and Suspensory on I am one of «
the most active, vigorous and happy men
you will be able to meet anywhere. Your &
Belt Is certainly a wonderful invention, v^
and If others only knew as .much about it "
ib I do, no man or woman in the State of £v
California would be without it for a single
rlay." »
For full particulars of Dr. Plerce's Patent <-4
Electric Beit tall or send stamp for our
new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- &
tlresß PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market n
nt., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan
Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. £j
gggggggggggggggggQ
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerlul j-hruu-siac and specinu tunic
(or the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of ths
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. bells on Ha own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
122 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
surgeon of the Southern Pacific, who is
attending Mr. Sproule.said yesterday that
his patient was suite ring from an attack
of the fcrip, and that mere was nothing
serious the matter with him. He denied
the report that lUr. Sproule was suffering
from pneumonia or that he had any
symptoms oi that dread disease.
OFFER CHEAPER RATES.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
Asks for Privileges.
The Mutual Btoetrlc Light Company
has applied to the Board of Supervisors
for permission to maintain posts or pole 3
along the streets in the city outside of
the fire limits for the purpose of cany
ing wires for lighting purposes.
The company agrees to furnish light 3
to the city at $40,000 less per year than
is charged by the company now having
the contract for exactly the same ser
vice. The company also agrees to fur
nish lights to the citizens of the city for
a price of at least 25 per cent less than
is now being paid. The matter was re
ferred to the Street's Light Committee.
Cruelty to a Child.
Mrs. Eva Beaglehole, charged with
cruelty to Flossie Beaver, a little girl
whom she adopted, was convicted by
j Judge Joaehimsen yesterday and ordered
! to appear for sentence this morning. Mrs.
Beaglehole is a milliner in Reno, Key.,
and adopted the child from the Beulah
Home last August. Witnesses testified
to various acts of cruelty on her part to
ward the child since then.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I YOU MAY !■
\ WORRY |
> ALONG WITHOUT %
Blatz
t The W"*%
* star r-Cppf* t
£ Milwaukee fi^WW 1 S
X in your home, but you shouldn't, \
5 for as a family beer it has no \
* equal. It is pure, it is nourish- ?
£. ing, and its fine flavor and taste &
0 give continual pleasure. 0
€ Call for Blatz. ' \
5 See that "Blatz" Is on the Cork. £
HAL. BLATZ BREWING CO. I
\ MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A. jj
% Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers, 0
\ 416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco.
6 Telephone Main 416. 6*
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails 00 or about March 31st direct for
SKAGUAY
—AND—
DYEA.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
: : Agent, 310 Clay St. '
'Phone-^Main 1779. '
STATEMENT
- ■:'-' ":_:'; -r— -of THE
,;- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ - ' . ■' —-OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL,- ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
.year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the i Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
..■." ' CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash } 500,000 00
• . t; v ■' . - ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,276,279 00
Amount of 'loans secured by pledge
- of bonds," stocks and other market-
■ ; able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks.. 113,856 00
-Interest due and > accrued on all
stocks and 10an5.'...... 13,212 00
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion ;........... 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4,593 00
Policy stamps on hand.. 1,254 00
Total a55et5............ $1,608,034 00
' -:■■.-• LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted ■ and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including
expenses .".'.v $ 154,575 00
Gross premiums ' on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks.. .j 154,395 00
All other demands against the com-
pany ....■....:.......,........ 93,479 00
Total liabilities $ 402,449 00
.! • • INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums $ 559,32100
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 34,463 00
Total inc0me.......... .....$ 593.754 00
■■ : i :.->■' : EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses..! 453.138 00
Dividends to stockholders 50,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other _„„„„„,
charges for officers, clerks, etc 35.309 24
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • 7.363 76
All other payments and expenditures 6,032 00
"■■ Total expenditures .......$ 554.843 00
Marine losses incurred during the
year ....,...••• .....••■••*•-■•••••••• •• 438, * 60 00
"~™— - Marine Prem-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. iums. -
wt n mount of risks writ- n02.269.140 *531.231 00
ten Siring the year.. $102,259,140 $331,231 00
N pired m du U r'i 1 the r ye a 3 r.. cX : 101.605.555 511.606 00
0 ..?..^ M 36.465 154.395 00
J. WILLIAMSON, President. •'
JOHN GICK. Secretary. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2otn
day of February. 1898. W. J. SULIS.
United States Vice-Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO..
General Agents.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
Managers. ;
:2OS ScnSome Street, S. F*.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968. ■
000000000000000000
°™ ? PALACE *•«•§
%CRAND HOTELS %
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered , passageway. : *J*
® 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. **...
O ALL UxbER One Management. O
O '. NOTE THE PRICES:: Q
©European Pi;w:.*M.OO per day and upward rt
American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *»
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIP.KPATRICK. Manager. ;q V"
O O OOP OO OOP COOOOO
DR.MCMLTY.
TIIIM'.VKI.LKXOWXAXI) RKLIABLE OMI
:.L Spe»rla!Lstctire«l > rlvate,Nervous,lJ!ood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' <'xperieueo. Send for Book.free. i'atients I
• enrol at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
daily:6:3o toB.3ocv'K3. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul ta- §
tion free and sucredlyconflderitia- Call or address
IP. ROSCOE HcNVIiTT; M. U., *
| 36 > a - Kearny Street. Kan rr r aucitcu, < iU.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THE MARKETS.
Silver higher.
Turpentine lower again.
■Wheat and Oats advanced.
Sharp rise in Barley.
Corn and Rye about the same.
Another rise in Hay.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds (lull.
Asparagus lower a:-..l Rhubarb higher.
Butter, Kpps and Cheese steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry at hand.
No change In fruits.
Provisions as usual. .
Hides continue to decline.
Hogs weak and dull.
Sterling Exchange advanced.
SALMON SHIPMENTS.
Exports or Salmon from this port during the
flrvt two months of the year wore 25.594 cases
and 1668 packages, valued at $126,784, against
81,548 easee and 5873 packages, at $387,000. dur
ing the same time In 1597.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Import? of specie at this port durine the
first two months of the year were J4.017.756.
consisting of $670,665 in sold bullion, 107, 567
In gold coin, $151,96S in silver bullion and $37,
1,88 In silver goln. Of these Imports $3..".32.404
came from Australia. M 30.000 from the Ha
waiian Islands and $295,109 from Mexico.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at .'atlon indie:, c maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any, the
■.mount of rainfall, of meltetl snow In inches
and hundredihs during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usur.lly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
firyt appear i n the Washington coast. When
Ihe pressure la hish In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "hiph" In the vicinity of
Jdah.\ and the pressure fnllln? to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
rUOtta Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO. March 21. 5 p. m. .
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations "4 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.16 25.23 . 43.07
Red Bluff 0 11.08 22.71
Sacramento 0 8.05 15. Si
Han Francisco 0 7.52 20. 56
Fresno 0 3.71 9.97
Ban Luis Ohlspo 0 6.45 20.11
Los Angeles 0 5.02 16.46
Fan Diego 0 3.82 11.6-1
Tuma 0 1.65 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum. 44; mean. 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
An unusually large area of high pressure has
purged southward from the British poses
plons and covers the northwestern portion of
the country to-night. The pressure has fallen
over Southern California and Arizona. Should
the high pressure continue southward in the
wake of th« low, decidedly colder weather
TORy be expected in California, Arizona and
Southern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen over almost all
of the western portion of the country. Over
the upper Missouri Valley there has been a
fall of from 20 to 30 degrees. Over Utah, Ne
vada and extreme Eastern California the tem
perature has fallen from 14 to 16 degrees.
If the wind ceases severe frosts are likely to
occur Tuesday morning throughout California
and Tuesday night in Arizona.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, 36 miles per hour, from
the north; Red Bluff. 20, north; Sacramento.
"<-. northwest; Baker City. 26, from northwest;
Idaho Falls, 30. south; Winnemucca, 30, west;
Yuma. 28, west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 22. ISPS:
. Northern California — Fair Tuesday; contin
ued cold weather; fresh northerly winds; severe
Irosts Tuesday morning In the interior If the
wind ceases.
Southern California— Tuesday in north
ern portion; unsettled weather in southern
portion; severe frosts where calm and clear;
northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; continued cold
weather. - 'i .
Utah— Snow early Tuesday morning; cloudy
Tuesday; continued cold.
Arizona — Cloudy and unsettled Tuesday;
probable rain: snow in the northern portion;
decidedly colder.
San Francisco and vicinity — Tuesday;
'continued cold weather; northwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; northwest wind, 36 miles per
hour; temperature, 38: maximum temperature,
«4. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, March Money on call.
Nominally 1%@1% pct 1 cent; last loan. 1% per
rent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per cent;
Wterling exchange, firmer, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 84% for demand and at
'$4 MV 4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 82@4 85%; commercial bills, $4 SOU@4 SO%;
silver certificates, 55%<?£6c; bar silver, 55% c;
Mexican dollars, 45c; Government bonds, weak;
date bonds, dull; railroad bonds, weak.
XEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 21.— The only feature
discernible in to-day's stock market was its
dullness. The dullness wan the exact reflec
tion, however, of the doubt and hesitation
which prevail In alf financial circles over the
n<>xt probable development in the Cuban ques
tion. Apparently there was a limited volume
of sales fur the snort account at the start,
which resulted in sharp declines to practically
the low point of the day. There were lower
prices made In some few stocks later In the
aimless drifting of the market. Business was,
however, almost stagnant after the opening
until near the close, when there was a sharp
rally In prices. apparently due to the re
buying of stocks sold at the opening. There
was no spirit <t animation in the rally and
prices drifted downward again at the close.
There was only a small volume of stocks of
fering all day, hut the demand was almost
nothing and the result is that the prices are
lower all around, losses reaching a point In
some of the leading specialties. There Is
every indiration of a large outstanding short
Interest In the market, but in the presence of
the possibilities in the political outlook this
Interest Is very persistent in declining to
COVeT. It Is the privilege belief that the early
developments at Washington will include the
report of the Maine Board of Inquiry and a
President's message on that and Cuba, This
kerps purchasers out of the market and on
the other hand the larpe short Interest warns
r 11»1 1»- b--jirs to proceed with caution. The con-
Hifjui-nce Is semi-stagnation, such as was wit
nessed to-day. Bach selling as there was was
uttrlbuted to Washington account and there
was some selling also by large individual
operators. London was a seller, but not to a
large extent. The list of Ftocks and bonds that
moved at all was a comparatively short one,
the market being too narrow. Foreign ex
cbsajre stiffened slightly to-day and no en
gagement was announced of gold for import.
Discounts in London and Berlin were reported
slightly easier. The outlook here favors easier
money on account of the gold Importations
jilread'- arrived or on the way. Banks are not
yet <:f posed to make time loans and great j
caution in the buying- of commercial paper Is
also manifest.
The bond market was on a corresponding
scale of dullness, while stocks and prices were
lower. Total sale», $960,000. United States new
4s were % lower and the old 4s (registered) %
lower, while the old 4s (coupon) and seconds
were % higher bid.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 209.100
shares. Including: Burlington. 23.695; Louis
ville and Nashville, 6240; ; Manhattan, 7765:
Metropolitan Street Railway, 11.149: Northern
Pacific preferred, 9662; Rock Island, 4625; St.
Paul. 22.600: Union Pacific. : 11.935; Tobacco.
4600; People's Gas, 4700; Sugar, 51.844; Leather
preferred, 3023.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson : 11 St Paul 89%
Do pref 24% Do pref 144%
Baltimore' & Ohio 16% St P & Om 65%
Canada Pacific .. 81 Do pref ........ 150
Canada Southern. 46 So Pacific 15Vi
Cent Pacific 12 So Hallway 7%
Che & Ohio IS% Do pref 26%
Chi & Alton .... 152 Texas & Pacific. 9%
■ Chi 13 &. W **0% Union Pacific ... 60%
> I Chi & E ill 63 U P D& 0 7%
. C C C & St L.... 27% Wabash 6%
Do pref 62 Do r>ref 15
Del & Hudson.... 108 Wheel & L E.... .1%
Del L & \V 150 Do pref 9%
Den & R 0. ...'.. 10% Adams Ex 101
Do pref 44 j American Ex 125
i Erie (new) 12% United States ... 3i*
Do Ist nref .... 24 Well? Fargo 114
i Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
iGt Nor pref .... 148 A Cot Oil 16%
Hocking Val 5%; Do pref .'. 67%
Illinois Cent 99 Amn Spirits 7%
! Lake Erie & W... 13 Do pr«jf 17
Do pref 6$ Am Tifacco 95%
Lake Shore 155«4 Do pref 113
Louis & Nash... 45% People's Gas 90%
Manhattan L ... 100 Cons Gas 179%
Met St Ry 140% Com Cab Co 160
Mich Cent 103% Col F & Iron 17%
Minn &St L 25% Do pref 78
Do Ist oref .... 85 Gen Electric 32%
Mo Pacific 25 Illinois Steel .... 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 25 La Clede Gas 42
Mo X & T 10% Lead 29%
Do pref 32% Do pref 103
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 24 Or Imp Co 25%
N J Central 91% Pacific Mall 23%
N T Central .... 109% Pullman Pal 170
N V Chi & S L... 12 Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar 117%
Nor West 11& Do pref 107
No Amer Co 6% ; T C & Iron IS 7 *
No Pacific 21% I U S Leather 6%
Do pref 60% Do pref 56%
I Ontario & W.... 14% !u S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 44% Do pref 64%
Or Short Line.... 29% West Union 85%
Plttsburg 168 Chi & N W 117%
Reading 16%] Do pref 173%
Do Ist pref .... 38%, St L & S W 4
Rock Island 53% Do pref 9%
St L & S F 6%!R G W 23
Do Ist pref 64% I Do pref 64
Do 2d pref .... 25 Chi G W 9%
St P M & M .... 127 I Haw Com C 0.... 30*4
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 121% N J C 5s 112
Do coup 121% N Carolina 65.... 125
US 4s 109% Do 4s 103
Do coup 111% jNo Pac lsts .... 116
Do 2s 88% Do 3s 59%
U S 5s res; 11l j Do 4s 94%
Do 6s coup .... 11l N V C & S L 4s. 103
District 3.65s 116 Nor & W 6s 119
Ala class A 10S% I Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 107 ! Do deb 5s 115
Do C 98 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 98 O Nay 4s 93
Atchison 4s 89% O S Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s ...... 57% O S Line os tr.... 99%
i Can So 2ds 105% O Imp lsts tr.... 106
! Chi Term 4s .... 52% i Do 5s tr 63
i C & Ohio 5s 113% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
i C H oc H 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 81
D & R G lsts.... 108% R G W lsts SO%
R & R G 2d5,... 84% B L & I M C **.. 89%
, East Term lsts.. 105% S L & S F O 65.. 117
Erie Gen 4s 63% St P Con 140
F W & D lsts tr. 66% St P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elect 5s .... 101 Do 5s 114%
IGH &S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 89
Do 2ds 103 Stand R & T 65.. 65
j H & T Css 110 Term i.ew «<»t 3s. 85
Do con 6s 110 T&P L G lsts.. 99%
1 lowa C lsts 100 Do Rg 2ds 31
; Kan P Con tr .. 100% V P D & G lsts.. 64
I X Pac Ist DD tr. 131 Wab Ist as 106%
I La new cons 45.. 101 Do 2ds 76%
jL & N Uni 45.... 86 W Shore 4s 107%
I Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries .... 68
M K& T Ids 58% Do deferred ... 4
Do 4s 86V- U P pref 60%
:N V Central Ist?., 116% ; Do 4s 91%
MINING BTOCK&
Chollar 40 1 Ontario 2 60
Crown Point lOJOphir 41
Ton Cal & Va 70 i Plymouth (X
[icaflwond 75! Quicksilver 100
Gould & Carry.... 161 Do pr ef 200
Hale & Norcrs.. 110) Sierra Nevada ..100
Hnmestakc 87 00 Standard 1 6ii
Iron Silver 35 Cnlon Con 26
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON. March 21 .— Atchlson, 11; Bell
Telephone. 247; Burlington, 90%; Mexican Cen
tral, 5Vb; Oregon Short Line, 29; San Diego, — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were lifeless and featureless to
day. Americans were stagnant and dull, pend
ing the report of the Maine disaster and the
disclosure of President McKinley's plans re
garding Cuba. Arbitrage houses took stock
when It was offered with fair margins, but
otherwise there was no support for Americans.
Spanish 4s were weak. Brazils were flat, the
exchange being the lowest on record. The In
dian budget was better than anticipated, pro
viding, as It does, for a net increase of only
£3,000,000 to the debt. Silver has risen sharp- !
ly because of the absence of any allusion to
the budget to an Increased port duty. The de- j
dine in French exchange is believed to be
partly due to sympathy with the fall of money
sales here, and partly to the fact that the Bank
of France is parting more freely with gold.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 84%: Grand Trunk. 8: Bar
Silver, uncertain, 25% d per ounce; Money. 2
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,817; exports, 16,279. Neglected, but fairly
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 76,775; exports. 66.C92.
Spot easy; No. 2 red. $1 04\i f. o. b., afloat to
arrive. Options opened steadier at %c advance
over Saturday's late curb price, with shorts
buying on a cold-weather scare, renewed clique
support and better cables than expected.
Steadiness continued until near the close,
when, under realizing prices, eased off quite
sharply and were finally Vi'S^c higher than
Saturday's curb, but l',g!gl\c below the offi
cial close. No. 2 red. March, $1 OS'gl 04 1
closed $1 03; May, 9S>4c@-$l 00%, closed 99& c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. : . ".
METALS — The feeling In to-day's market
was decidedly better, nearly all points showing
firmness on more active inquiry. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— quiet at $6 75 bid and
$6 90 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, $11 87% bid and $12
asked.
TlN— Firmer at $14 30 bid and $14 40 asked.
SPELTER— Firmer at $4 25 bid and $4 35
asked.
LEAD— Firmer at $3 72% bid and $3 77%
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters in the West quotes lead at
$3 60.
COFFEE Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points net lower. Sales. 10.000 bags. Includ
ing: May. $5 05<S5 10. Spot coffee— Rio. weak;
No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Jobbing, GV4o; mild,
quiet; Cordova. h^fflfic.
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; fair refining,
3%c: centrifugal. 96 test, 4 l-16c: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2940 packages. Market
firm; Western creamery, 15@19c;. Elgins, 19c;
factory, 12@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,085 packages. Market
firm; State and Pennsylvania, 10%@llc; West
ern, 10% c.
:--'-. DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. March 21.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, s©Bc;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c: . wood-dried, prime,
8%<&8%c; choice. B%@9c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— 3%©Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6V4@7c; Moorpark. B%@
10c. ' <
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 21.— Wheat opened with a
continuation of the weakness which marked
the closing on Saturday. July starting about
%c lower at 84>^®S4»ic. Perhaps the chief ele
ment of weakness lay In the large receipts
here and In the Northwest. Chicago receipts
far overran expectations, 309 cars being: re
ported, of which number- 92 were of contract
grade. The weather bureau reported freezing
temperature in the Northwest and predicted
cold weather for the West, which, In view of
the recent rains and the totally unprotected
fields, aroused a good deal of apprehension
among shorts and " soon ■ turned the market
from weakness to strength. After July had
advanced to SS&C a reaction set in which car
ried the price back to 85c, but -support by
prominent bull interests started covering again
and for two hours the market, though qu'et,
showed a good deal of strength. May fluctua
tions were apparently out of the paJe of regu
lar market' Influence. Opening prices of that
future were higher at $1 03@l 04. It sold
at once to $1 05 and did not get below $1 04
again during the session. The announcement
that Letter had contracted for the shipment of
1.000,000 bushels more of his Wheat to the
coast, all rail, and the belief In the early open-
Ing of lake traffic with the movement of 2.000.
000 bushels already loded In boats, gave the
market a strong undertone during the period
of dullness. The market continued strong un
til -within a few minutes of the close, when
general realizing set in. many of ,-, the early
buyers disposing of their lines. Support in a
general way was withdrawn and prices dropped
quickly. July had sold as hish as 85%&85& c
but It dropped in a few minutes toSBV&c and
closed at 85%@85%c. May sold 'as high as
$1 05% and closed at $1 04% c.
- Corn was steady during most of the session.
May closed %a lower. -.
• Oats were strong and quite a good business
was done. • May closed Vie higher. • ■ . •*-• \, r- .
Provisions- were very alow with prices most
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
of the session almost at a standstill. At the
close May pork was 5c higher, May lard un
changed and May ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 105 105% 103 104%
July 84% 85% 84% 85%
Corn No. 2—2 —
May 29 29% Z9 2»%
July 30% 30% 30% 30%
September 31% 31% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 25% 25%
July 23 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 9SO 9 87% 9SO 9 87%
July 9 85 8 S5 9 86 9 92%
Lard, per 100 tbs —
May 6 07% 510 6 07% 610
July 6 17% 5 17% 616 6 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 IDs—
May 505 6 07% 606 5 07%
July 5 10- 5 12% 610 6 12%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 924?96c; No. 2 red,
$1 01%: No. 2 corn. 28% c; No. 2 oats. 25% c;
No. 2 white, f. o. b.. 29Vs@'30%c; No. 3 white, f.
o. b. , 28<529c; No. 2 rye, 49c; No. 2 barley, f.
o. b.. 34©40% c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17; prime
timothy seed. $2 85; mess pork, per bbl. $9 85®
9 57%; lard, per 100 tbs, $5 07Vj<g>5 10; short ribs
sides (loose). $4 90@5 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $4 75(^5; short clear sides (boxed).
$5 26(</'5 40; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal, $1 19%.
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 25.000 39.000
Wheat, bush 120,000 100.000
Corn, bush 254.000 251.000
Oats bush 274. (.00 291.000
Rye, bush 3,000 1.000
Barley, bush 68,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@18c; dairies,
10%@16c. Cheese, quiet. B®BHc. Eggs, easy;
fresh, 9c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 286.130 132.480
Duluth 53,792 159,535
Milwaukee 16,900 600
Chicago 120.443 99.686
Toledo 10,066 6.700
St. Louis 10.000 9,000
Detroit 4.544 3.550
Kansas City 35.500 36,000
Totals 640,375 446.351
Tidewater-
Boston 40.217
New York 76.775 66.603
Philadelphia 5.165 . 1.549
Baltimore 82,467
New Orleans
Totals 204,624 65.152
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 63 20 69 90
Closing 63 00 09 76
Flour-
Opening ; 29 15 27 SO
Closing 29 00 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ....7 9%' 74% 7% 66% 6 6
Closing 7 9% 7 6 7% 6 6% 6 6%
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO, March 21.— CATTLE— There was
a brisk demand for Cattle to-day from dif
ferent classes of buyers and prices ruled
stronger, good to prime lots selling in many
instances 10c higher; Cattle sold as high as at
any time this year, sales being on a basis of
$3 Ss@4 CO for the poorest, up to $5 25@5 SO for
choice consignments; bulk, $4 35*35 10; fancy
beeves, $5 60®5 85; exporters, $4 85@5 10; stock
ers and feeders, $3 20@4 70; best calves brought
$6 CO(g 6 50.
HOGS— 2%@5c higher. Bulk, $3 90@4;
commonest droves. $3 75@3 80; prime heavy,
$4 07%; prime light, $3 97%.
SHEEP— Prices ruled strong to 10c higher
for Sheep, but barely steady for Lambs. In
ferior to prime flocks, s3 25@4 75; wooied fed
Westerns, $4 25@4 60; yearling Sheep, .$4 50<5j;
wooied Lambs, $.4 75@6 50; choice, chiefly $5@
6 40. ' ..-;■.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,500; Hogs, 25.000; Sheep,
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 21.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official, 2300 head natives, 1200 head
Southern. Beef steers, $3 7504 70; fed West
erns, $3 SOg'4 f>6; cows and heifers, $2 50<Q4 50;
■tockera and feeders, $3 65@5 35; bulls, $2 60@
4 75.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 5300 head. Pigs Be
higher, other Hogs strong, bulk selling at
13 S5; heavies and packers, $3 7DOI BS;
mixed, $3 65®3 So; lights, $3 5001 75; Pigs, $3 25
<&3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 2300 head. Market
active and strong undertone. Common ewes
to Western yearlings brought $3 50 to $4 60;
Western Lambs, $4 f>o(gs 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 21— CATTLE— Receipts 1400.
Market 10c higher; native beef steers. $4igo 10;
Western steers. $3 70<g4 70: Texas steers. $3 10®
3 SO; cows and heifers, $3<g4 10; stockers and
feeders, $3 75<@5; bulls and stags, J2 60f@3 7».
HOGS— Receipts 1800. Market shade stronger:
heavy, $3 70<g3 80; mixed. $3 70.@3 So; light. {3 70
Ca3 75; bulk of sales. $3 76.
SHEEP— Receipts .1800. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 7504 75: choice Westerns,
$3 fio<&4 60: common and stock Sheep, $3@4;
Lambs, $4 2606 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1600. Market strong- to 10c higher; beef steers,
$3 7504 50; cows, J3<g3 80; feeders, freight paid
to river, $4<@:4 70; stockers, freight paid to river.
$4 lOiQ'4 80; bulls and stags, $2 3003 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market steady to firm,
light packers, $3 70@3 SO; mixed, $3 65«g3 75;
heavy, $3 600-3 SO.
. SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market steady: good
fat muttons. $3 25@4 20; Lambs, $4 60® 5 25.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
' LONDON, March There was a good at
tendance at • the Wool auction sales to-day.
The offerings aggregated 14,547 bales and con
sisted of a variety. There was active compe
tition and the tone of the sales was firm,
continental requirements showing a hardening
tendency. The home trade purchased a major
ity of middle sorts, greasy merinos and croßS
breds. / ;".*?'"
Following are the sale* In detail:
New South Wales, 5100 bales; scoured. Is 2d@
Is 7d: greasy, 6>i@lO%d.
Queensland. 1200 bales; scoured. Is 4d@ls 5%d;
greasy. 6%@10%d.
Victoria, 3300 bales; scoured, Is® ls 10% d;
greasy. 3%d<3ls l%d.
South Australia, 600 bales; scoured. Is tid®
Is Id; greasy. 6-> 4 rfj7 : *d. _-«.,
West Australia, 400 bales; greasy, .->%i@i.%d.
New Zealand, 2300 bales; scoured, 6@lld;
greasy, 6Vi@lod. ■£'- .■•■•••■•
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 1400 bale*;
scoured, 7%d@ls sd; greasy, 7%d.
GOOD FRUIT CROP EXPECTED.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Trade here Is . not prepared to
accept reports of heavy damage to fruit In
California by excessive frosts as conclusive.
They are beginning to look upon advices from
California regarding frost Injury in much the
same light as annual statements from Dela
ware and Southern Jersey regard lng^ total fail
ure of peach crop of those sections, from one
cause or another. In other words they look for
good crops unless It Is positively proved that
the trees have actually been Injured by frost,
and- are disposed to accept such reports as
come forward as being Inspired by Interested
parties.
FOREIGN MARKETS. ■
LONDON. March 21. Consols. 11l 15-16; sil
ver, 25% d; French rentes, • 103f 32% c
LIVERPOOL, March -Wheat dull; No. 1
Standard California Wheat. 3Sa; cargoes Waliii
Wheat, 36s 9d;. cargoes off coast, quiet and
steady: cargoes on , passage, nominal, un
changed; English country markets, part. fid
cheaper; wheat In Paris, quiet; flour in Paris,
easy; quantity of wheat and flour en passage
to United Kingdom,. 3,220.000; tjuantly of wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,570,000.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Futures steady; March, 3s 4d; May,
3s 2%d; July, 3s 2'^d.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 57.800 quarters;
from Pacific ports. 14.000 quarters: ->lh<?r ports,
55.000 quarters. Imports of corn Into Liverpool
for the week: From Atlantic ports, 45,100
quarters."
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 21.— There Is no change
In the local wheat market and some of the
exporters are temporarily out ; of the market.
Those who are still buying do not seem anxious
for business at quotations of 74@75c for Walla
Walla,* with bluestem dragging at 77@78c and
no demand for valley at 77c. ;.
. Cleared— British .- bark . Vinlta, for Queens
town, with 101.173 bushels of wheat. .
TACOMA, March Wheat strong, with an
upward tendency; No. 1 club, 76c; No. 1 blue
stem. 78c. ' : ■"
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. March 21. —Exchanges, $253,344;
balances, $38,108.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The statement of
the visible supply of grain In store and afloat
Saturday, as complied by the New York Pr>l
uce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat. 31,417.000 bushels; decrease, 998 000
Corn, 43.355.000 bushels: increase. 736,000. Oats
12.317.000 bushels; decrease, 649,000. Rye, 3,291 -
000 bushels; decrease. 118.000. Barley, 5,106,000
bushels; decrease, 144,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON", March 21.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $223,742 043- gold re
serve, $171,179,797.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 21.— Cotton dull; mid
dling, 6Vfcc
NEW ORLEANS. March 21.— Cotton easy
middling, 5 9-l«c. ,
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, stsht — $4 R2%
Sterling Exchange 60 days — * 85
Sterling Cables — * 86
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, frlegraphlc. — Uji
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars "" 4t<
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Dry weather advanced prices yes
terday. It was purely a local advance, as the
condition of the Eastern and foreign markets
did not Justify it.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42Mj
for No. 1, $1 43%@i 45 for choice and $1 47%®
1 60 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls,
$1 45%; 2000, $1 45' 6000, $1 45. December—
2000. $1 35%; 5000. $1 36%; 4000, $1 36%; 2000,
$1 36%; 22,000. $1 36.
Second session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 36%:
10,000, $1 37; 8000 $1 37%; 2COO. $1 37%; 2000,
$1 37%; 12,000, $1 37%. May— 2ooo. $1 46%; 20.000,
$1 46%; 2000, $1 46~.!
Regular morning session— December— lo,ooo
ctls, $1 36i*; 9Qon $l 36%: 2000. $1 36%: §000,
$1 56%; 80007 $1 351., • is CX). $1 35%; 12.000, $1 35%;
10,000, $1 35%. Mar— 6ooo, $1 46; 2000, $1 45;
2000. $1 45%.
Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls.
$1 35%; 2000, $1 35U • IS. OOO, $1 38%; 18,000,
$1 35%. May— 14,000 '$1 4" : 16,000. $1 45'. 2 .
BARLEY— The north gale and dry weather
sent the market up in a hurry, the advance
on call being 7c, and In the open market sc.
There is no knowing where the market will
go U the present weather continues.
Feed. $1 lsgi 17% for dark to good and
$1 IS%@l 20 for choice; Brewing, nominal.
call hoard sales.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 04%; 12, Of* $1 05; 2000. $1 04%. May
-2000. $1 16.
Second session — December — 10.000 ctls, $1 07\;
2000, $1 08. May— 4oiiii $1 IS: 2000, $1 IS%; 4000,
$1 19; 10.000, $1 18%; 4JXXI, $1 18%; 4000, $1 18%.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 07%; 24.000, $1 OS- 2000, $1 07"*; 2000. $1 06*H:
2000, $1 05%; 6000. $1 06; 6000, $1 07; 8000 (off
call). $1 08. May— l2.ooU. $1 IS; 60u0. $1 16%;
2000. $1 16\; 6000. $1 17.
A-fternoon session — May— lß,ooo ctls, $1 17;
$000. *1 16%; 2>>oo, »1 IR%; 6000. $1 16%. Decem
ber—2ooo, $1 07%: 2000, $1 07: 6000, $1 07%.
OATS— The market advanced again In sym
pathy with Wheat and Barley.
Fancy Feed. $1 30 per ctl ; good to choice,
$1 22%'gl 27%; common. $1 15@1 20; Surprise,
$1 27%®1 35: red, - 1 3. r <fn 45; gray, $1 17%@
1 22'-s; milling. $1 MOl 27% per ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull and quo
tations show little change.
Small rnund yellow. $1 10@l 12% per ctl; large
yellow. $1 06i 4 'Sl W; white. $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— sl 07<§l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7501 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65: Bakers' extras, $4 30@4 40 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, U6ual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75: Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3; Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4;
Hominy, $3 10<y2 30: Buckwheat Flour, $4;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farniu, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 25
(fio tio; in sacks, $.. r > 06®6 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay went up again, and If receipts had not
been bo heavy the rise would have been even
sharper. Bran would also have gone up had
it not been for the receipts from Oregon.
BKAN— sli><iil6 i>o per ton.
MIDDLINGS— IIB^22 60 per ton.
FEEDSTI-FFS— Rolled Barley, $24<§25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S cn)ijj29 60;
Jobbing, $30: Cocoanut Cake. $21 50<ft22 M); Cot
tonseed Meal, $2Sfp3o per ton: Cornmeal, $23®
24: Cracked Corn, $23 60024 50: Choppei Feed".
$17f IS.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $18®
22 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat. $lS(g2l 50: Oat.
$17(?19; Barley. $16-; 19; .-. impressed. $18^22; Al
falfa. $10 50(512; stock. ?12ti13; Clover, nominal.
STRAW— 36O4S4 per I
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is no change, both Beans and Seeds
continuning dull.
BEANS— Bayos, %': 80®2 »; Small Whites,
%1 ;,0&l <X); Large Whites, SI .v>filss: Pinks,
$2 25@2 10; Reds, $21(2 25; Blackeye, $2 40®2 50;
Butters, $1 40i&1 60; Limas, $2ff 2 12Vi; Pea. $1 40
4jl 56; Red Kidneys, (2 :•'■;-': •'■;-' 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75,"j}3 per cti;
Yellow Mustard, $2'<(2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Scf-d, 2 L 4 ig2->*c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
2@2%tc; Hemp. 3c: Timothy, y'-jc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40^)1 65; Green. {1 60
4?1 i) 0 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Asparagus declined under ■ heavier receipts.
Rhubarb was higher, but otherwise there was
no change. '
. POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65@75c; River Reds.
60© 60 c; ■ River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 6S'»i: > -: -Salinas KurhankH are
out; Petaluma Burbanks, 66@75c: Sweet Pota
toes, 25@50c per ctl for Rivers arid 65c@$l for
Merced; new Potatoes, 3@3%c per IT).
' ONIONS— SI 75'ii2 50 per ctl; cut onions, $1@
1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 794 boxes As
paragus, 189 boxes Rhubarb and 215 sks Peas.
Asparagus, SQ9c per lt> for fancy. fi(37c for
No. 1 an.! 3@sc for No. 2: Rhubarb, Toe®
$1 50 per box; Alameda Green Peas, SOtC per
rb; Mushrooms. 15(g'20c; Dried Peppers, 6@7c'
per lt>; Dried Okra. 12Hc; Cabbage, 60975 c per
Ctl; Carrots, 25@60c per sack: Garlic, s@sV4c
per lb; Cucumbers, 50c<f$l per dozen.
Los Angeles String Beans, — — ; Tomatoes,
; Green Peppers, per Ib; Summer
Squash, $I@l 25 per box: Egg Plant. per It).
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per IT) in lots of 23
Tbs; sliced desslcated. 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, lSc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern went on late yesterday
afternoon and another car goes on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys,. 9©loc for Gob
blers and lOwf'llc for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12r(il3c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 MO] 75;
Or slings, $2 25<f/2 75; Ducks. • $4@5 for old and
$6 50@8 for young; Hens, $3<5j4; Roosters,
young, J6 50@7 50: Roosters, old. $3 6002 75;
Fryers. J'^iß 50; Boilers, $3{f6'for large, $3 50<g>
4 60 for small; Pigeons, tMf- 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25©1 50 for old.
CAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. > CHEESE AND EGGS.
The feeling In Butter, Cheese and Eggs Is
steady, ami the demand for all three Is better
than it has been. ■ .
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, ls@l9c; sec
onds, ISfiilT'-o.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16017 c; second
grades, 14$M5c per It). ■
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16%c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@9^c; common
to good, ii'jSUr; Cream Cheddar, lO^-llc; Young
America, Uc; Western, Ilffl2c; Eastern.
i: ; / IS'Ac per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13%c per dozen; store
Eggs, UV4@l2c '
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There Is no further change to report in any
description. Citrus Fruits rule dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40@S0c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good \o choice and $1 2531 40 for fancy.
CITRUS 1- iII 'ITS — Navel Oranges, $1 500
2 75; Seedlings. 7sc@sl 50; Mandarins, $101 25
for large and 50@75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, Jl@l 50: Grape Fruit. $1 Mm per
box; Lemons, 50@75c for common and *1..-1 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50;
California Limes, in small boxes, 40@60c; Ba
nanas, $1 25<g2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
" The East receives with its usual Incredulity
the reports of damage to the California fruit
crop by frost, and the market shows no re
sponse whatever. ' . . *
DRIED Kill ITS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%®
4»4c for 40-50' IKG3%C for 60-60' s, ■ 2%@3i4c
for 60-70's. 2>4'<?2-%c for 70-SO's, l%@2Uc for SO
90's, iyi(81?;c for 90-100's; Peaches, 2V*@4c;
fancy. 4Vi(S?5c: peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. s@Bc
for Royals and l(3'\-c for good to fancy Moor
farks; Evaporated Apples, 6?i@7Uc; sun-dried,
4@£c; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2»,jiC: Plums.
4V4@4%c for pitted and l'SlVic for unfitted ;
bleached Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2'i'??4 I >4c for quarters
and 3f7. r >iir for halves, according to color, etc.
■ "RAISINS— V/j<Q2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4V6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless. Muscatels, and $1@
1 10 for London layers: dried grapes, 2%c.
• NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
lb; Walnuts. 6@6c for hardshell and Mile for
softshell: Almonds, 2%<f?3%c for hardshell. G@6c
for softshell and "©Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4(Rf.Uc for Eastern and 4>4c for California;
Pecans, 6%<gSc; Filberts, BV4@lf>c; Brazil Nuts,
B<gi»e per lb; Cocoanuts. %i KOfiTT, per 100.
HONEY— S@loc for bright and sff7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 4V4@
sc; light amber extracted.' 3%@4%c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9Hc ■ per !b for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10-% c for light.' lie
for extra light and 12Vic for sugar-cured ;. Eas
tern . sugar-cured ' Hams. 10V6®llc; California
Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, J9 per bbl ; extra mess
do. $10; family do. $11@12; Salt Pork. $:»: extra'
prime Pork. ' $10; extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, ll®l2c per, lb. r
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6%c per Ib
for compound and •7c for pure; pails. 7?ic:
California tierces. 5Hc per lb for compound
and 6%c for pure; half-barrels. 6%c; 10-lb tins.
7V4c; do 5-lb. Sc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces.' -6%^i6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 In a case. S%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case. S^c: 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case. B% c; 10-lb pails, f 6 in. a case. 8H<?: 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c: fancy. tubs. SO lbs net. l ;',c: hall!
bbls. about 110 lbs,. 7»4c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The Hide market continues to decline, as
will be seen by the quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S@S"->c; light, 9c • Cow
hides. &c; stags. 6c; salted" Kip, 9V>c: Calf. 10c:
dry Hides. 1614 c; culls and brands, 13@13Hc:
dry K!p and Veal, 13V4@14\4c;dr>Calf,17H@19%c:
cU'lb. 16: Goatskins, 30®37V4c each: Kids. s@loc;
Deerskins. . good summer, 25@30c per lb: me
dium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20xj30c each; short wool, 40 70c each; medium.
70@?0c: long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
„ TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3V.c per lb; No.
2. 2(52Hc; refined. 6c: Grease. 2@2»'.c.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquin. defective. 7@
9c: Southern Mountain. 9<gllc; free Northern. 12
&13c: do. defective. 9Sllc per lb ■ ;
, n HOPS— Old crop. 2ijf «c for poor to fair and 8®
10c for good; new crop. 11 14c per lb. :
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal: San Quentln. $5 30.
COAI — Wellington. $10 per ton: New Welling
ton, |]0; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend,s7 50: Scotch.slo; Cumber
land. $10 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $15: Cannel. $10: Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $9;
C ?, k . e i * 12 per ton ln bull < and $14 in sacks.
CANNED FRUITS-The demand for Callfor
nian fruits In London continues strong, and
prices are firm. Arrivals recently reported in
clude the Centeslma at Liverpool with 20,393
cases, the Howth with $433 cases, and the
Lombermere with 16.918 cases, both at London.
Tt RPEXTINE— Is lower again at 51c ln
cases. 46c in Iron bbls, and 4Sc per gallon in
wof>dp n hbls.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
anrl F:ne Crushed. 6«ic: Powdered, fi^c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 514 c; Extra C, 5H,c; Golden C. sc;
lK an i y Oranu| ated. 5%c; California A. 5%c per
•n>; half barrels 14a more than barrels, and
boxes, %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are still weak at the quotations. The
other kinds are unchang-ed.
Wholesale rates for dressed etock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c;. second quality,
s'/i'abc; third quality, 4@6c per Ib.
;; TT E A^-Large. 6®6%c: small, 7<g~7>4c per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. 9c; Ewes. BH@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@Uc per lb.
PORK-Live Hogs. 4V»©4*,c for large. «4c
;°J".,, small and » c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6@6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, March 21.
Flour, qr sks ... 19,260 Lime, bbls 120
Wheat, ctls 710 Pelts, bdls 1.174
Barley, ctls 1 440 Wine, gals 35,200
Oats, ctls 340 Hay, tons . 509
Corn, ctls 395 Hops, bales 30
Cheese, ctls 16 Wool, bales 3] 7
Butter, ctls 282 Shorts, sks • 60
Tallow, ctls 104 Quicksilver, flsk. 112
wans, sks 1.120 Paper, reams ... 610
Potatoes, sks ... 716 Hides,- no 674
Onions, sks 20 Leather, rolls ... 156
Bran, sks 1.917 Eggs, doz 17.250
OREGON. .;
Flour, qr sks ... 3,015 lOnions. sks 34
Wheat, ctls ..... 4.230 i Bran, sks 1,450
Barley, ctls 3,630 Middlings, sks .. 537
Oats, ctls 1,425 Shorts, sks 1.730
Potatoes, sks ... 5.501
THE STOCK MARKET.
An advance in Sierra Nevada to $1 30 was
the only change of Importance In mining
stocks yesterday. Since the official letter from
that mine was written the upraise from the
Riley tunnel has reached a height of 36 feet,
and the whole tup is now in low grade ma
terial. The upraise will be continued up some
30 feet higher to a connection with the work
ings above before any further exploration of
the ore body will be made, as it is very neces
sary to secure the ventilation and other facili
ties which that connection will afford.
The Home Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 5 cents
per share, delinquent April 19.
The sixth installment of the Oregon Im
provement assessment is called for payment
March 22.
The directors of the Alice Mining Company
of Montana have passed the dividend for
March, but one Is likely to be declared in
April.
Weekly reports from the mines are as fol
lows :
Consolidated California and Virginia, 1550
level — From north drift skirting along the foot
wall from tin- incline upraise at a point 178
feet on the slope above this level. 300 feet in
from its mouth, the east crosscut has been
advanced 16 feet, passing through . porphyry.
Work in the face has been suspended; total
length, 114 feet. From the incline upraise No.
1 at a point 112 feet above the sill floor of this
level have been timbering the south drut,
which is in a total length of . 311 feet. 1650
level From incline upraise No. 1 at a point
■60 feet above the sill -oor of this level from
the south drift skirting: .along the footwall at
a point ITS In from its mouth, from the top
of the upraise which has been carried up 49
feet, from the south driit 100 feet in from Its
mouth,' th«» upraise has been carried up 9 feet,
passing through quartz assaying $1 and $2 per
ton; total length. 59 feet. From the old east
crosscut on the sill floor of this level at a point
93 feet in from its mouth from the upraise
carried up 21 feet from the north drift 26 feet
in from Its mouth a west drift has been ad
vanced 32 feet, passing through quartz and
porphyry, assaying from $1 to $1 per ton; total
length, 57 feet.
From this upraise, 15 feet above the sill
floor, a north drift has been advanced 50 feet
and an east drift extended therefrom 15. feet,
passing through quartz showing narrow streaks
of ore from which we have extracted six tons
assaying, per mine car samples, $29 03 per ton.
From these openings we have also extracted 12
tons of low grade ore assaying, per mine car
samples, Til IS per ton. 1750 level— On the
eleventh floor north from the. top of the up
raise from the north drift 40 feet in from its
mouth— from the east drift at a point 26 feet
in from its mouth, the north drift has been
extended 11 feet, passing through porphyry and
quartz assaying 51 and $2 per ton; total length,
32 feet. The total extraction of ore for the
week amounted to six tons, the average assay
value of which, per samples taken from cars
at the surface, was $27 55 per ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000-foot level,
west crosscut No. 2 is In 977 feet. The face is
in porphyry, clay separations and narrow
seams of vein matter, assaying 50 cents per
ton. - In the old Central tunnel workings of
the Ophlr, from the sill floor from the west
crosscut from the Mexican shaft, starting at a
point 225 feet In from Its mouth, the crosscut
has been extended 11 feet, through porphyry
mixed with quartz; total length, 471 feet.
The official letter from the Alta mine for
the past week says: "Have extracted and de
livered at the mill 28 carloads of ore, the aver- .
age car sample assay of which was $3S 04 per
ton The north raise is up 128 feet, and we
expect to break through into ore in the next
two or three feet. The ore found In the east
crosscut is 18 Inches wide and getting wider
to the north. It assays from $31 to 42. per ton.":
In the Chollar mine they have placed one set
of timbers in the main incline during the week.
On the 100 level they have opened two sets
lengthwise on the streak of ore In the west
crosscut, 60 feet north of the south line, and
sunk 7 feet. The bottom shows old ground on
the west side and on the east side ore In
places assaying from $25 to $40 per ton. From
these openings have extracted 44 tons and 1250
pounds of ore, which was shipped to the Ne- j
va. la mill, the top car samples of which as
sayed $16 20 In gold and 18.29 ounces | of fine
silver per ton. On the tunnel level have
started a west crosscut 60 feet north of the
south line to prospect under the ore -on the
100 level.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, In the Riley
tunnel, the raise started at a point 750 feet In
from the tunnel mouth was extended 14 feet
during the week; total height. 30 feet, top In
low-grade quartz. Have extracted 65 mining
carloads of ore from said raise during the
week. The average assays of car samples
show a value of $40 in gold and 21 ounces In
sliver per ton. On the 900 level of the Union
shaft workings of the Sierra Nevada the north
lateral drift has been extended dlurlng the
week 20 feet: total length 575 feet north from
the Sierra Nevada shaft; face in porphyry,
with clay seams.
In the Alpha Consolidated mine, on the 500
level, at a point 30 feet north from the south
raise and 38 feet above this level, have run a
west crosscut 14 feet. From said crosscut
have extracted 18 mining cars of low-grade
ore, average assay from car samples showing
a value of $5 56 gold and '8 ■ ounces ■ of. fine
sliver.
Brunswick Lode: Consolidated California and
Virginia. Best and Belcher, and ■ Gould and
Curry — fiOO level — The joint south drift from the
station was advanced 25 feet: total length. EN
feet, face in porphyry and seams of clay. The
shaft has been sunk 16 feet on the incline;
total depth. 96K feet: bottom In porphyry.
— Incline shaft No. 1 was sunk 16 feet;
total depth, 1140 feet on the slope: bottom- In
porphyry. 300 level — The streaks of ore be
tween this level and the 200 level show; no
change for the week. The pay ■Is in small
seams of good grade. Are repairing in vari
ous places throughout the mine also Installing
an electric plant for lighting' and running
blowers.
Potosl— On . the 600 level west crosscut No. 1
opposite from the south lateral drift has been
advanced 10 feet, when It encountered the foot
wall: total length. 50 feet. Have resumed' work
in the main south drift and advanced It five
feet; total length, 198 feet from the north line;
face in porphyry and low grade quartz. . •
Occidental Con. — crosscut. No. 1. started
at a point in the lower tunnel 1300 feet from
the mouth. • has been driven 11 feet ; through
hard porphyry: • total length. 125 feet. 9 650 level
—East crosscut ' No. 5. started' at a point S4l
feet from the ' station, has . been extended 17
feet through porphyry and quartz: total length.
225 feet. The : west crosscut from the ■ end of :
the south drift Is at a point 920 feet from the v
station. The crosscut is now out 17 feet and i
shows ore of fair quality. - 750 — The north i
drift from west crosscut No. 1 has been . ex- ]
tended ■23 feet along the footwall of the vein
and Is showing seams of high grade ore; total
length. S6 feot. <
r 'P : STOCK ; AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. March 21—2 p. m.
, Bid.Ask. ':. Bi.l. Ask.
US. Bonds— --. Oakland Gas./ 50 5014
4s quar coup.. . — Pac Gas Imp i»S>>4 S!»^
<s'quar reg..lli> — : Pac L C 0... .. R2 53V*
ta quar new.. 121% — : S F G & E.. M% 53%
-" Miscellaneous — . •■. • San Fran ;::'..'. ••■3s4 3%
Cal-Pt Cab 55.113 — - Stock-Gas.:... 10 15.
Cal El 65...:..12u l 4 —"■ •> lnsurance--- • •>.--■■
C C Wat 55... 10214103 ■ Flrem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-6t ex c. — .98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 6a..128H — Anglo-Cal .... — 67
F4Ch Ry 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1..248 250
| Geary-st R ss. — 102 Oal SD & T.. — 104
iH C & S SH--100 105 First Nat ....200 —
IL A LCo «s.. - 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
I Do gntd 65.. 97HX00 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 65. 11334114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 78.102% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
X Ry Cal 65. .111*4 — Mutual Say. 35 40
V Ry t~al ss. .102»« — S F Say U.. 485 500
.V PC R R 65. 104*4 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R os. 101 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California .... — 110
Dm Ry 6s 12S 129V '"Jeary 40 -
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st ....53*4 53%
P&Ch Ry 6S.IOSH — Presidio 4% 10
I Powell-st 6s ..117** — Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....115 —
I Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 —
S F & N P 55. 106% — 'Giant Con Co. 42H 42%
B P of Ar 65.. 104 104^ Vigprit 3H, 3%
5 P CaJ 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
; ?PC Is eg 55.. — 99% A.l Pac Assn.. - 98%
5 P Br 6s 113*4114 Ocr Ld WTcs..loO 150
5 V Wat 65.. .116 117% Hana P C 0... — 20
6 V Wat 45... 102% — HC & S Co.. 31H 31%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103*4 Hutch S P Co. 46 v» 47
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 66 62% Nat Vln C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 5S 55%
Spring Va1....101 101% Pac A F L.. 1% -
Gas & Electric— |Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 9S>4 — jpar Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co - 13*4 !
Morning Session.
27 Spring Valley Water 10100
175 Giant Powder Con 42 50
I 100 Market-street Railway 53 25
' 10 Hutchinson S P Co 47 00
S2OOO S P of A Bonds 104 25
I 200 Vißorit Powder 3 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 50
10 do do S9 00
45 do do ?9 25
60 Bank of California 248 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial At Sugar SI 50
Street—
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 62%
Afternoon Session.
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SI 37%
40 do do 31 25
225 do do 3150
45 Spring Valley Water 10100
£0 Hutchinson S P Co 47 00
125 do do 46 87%
100 Giant Powder Con 42 75
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 6s 113 75
$1000 Spring Valley 43 Bonds 102 62%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co $9 50
$1000 Market-street Cable Bonds 6s 127 00
Street—
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 37%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Central Light & Power 8 50
25 Giant Powder 42 25
Street—
25 Hutchinson S P Co 46 75
60 do do 47 00
Afternoon Session.
60 M&rket-street 63 50
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co 46 62%
65 Hawaiian C & S Co 31 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 25
10 do do 69 37%
15 do do 89 12%
48 Market-street R Co 52 75
25 do do 52 $7%
15 do do 53 00
40 Spring Valley Water 100 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
4M Alta 16 1100 Gould & Curry.. 19
200 Chollar 45 ! 100 20
300 Con Cal & Va.. 77 ,500 Kentuck 03
200 79 250 Occidental 2 55
100 Confidence ...... 70 50 Savage 25
400 Crown Point ... 13 100 Sierra Nevada.. 120
Afternoon Session.
150 Andes 101200 13
>00 Belcher 23 |300 Gould & Curry.. 20
150 Con Cal & Va.. 79 500 Justice 28
200 Crown Point ... 14 100 Sierra Nevada.. 1 30
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 08 300 Potosl 40
200 Andes 11 300 41
300 Best & Belcher 32 1100 Savage 26
500 Bullion OS 650 Sierra Nevada.. 120
200 Challenge 28 350 1174
400 Chollar 46 200 125
2iO 47 600 1 27^
200 Con Cal & Va.. SO }00 .. 130
200 Crown Point ... 13 JUk) Union Con 39
100 Gould & Curry.. 20 W0 40
100 Mexican 32 100 42
00 Occidental 2 56 1200 Utah 11
tOO Overman 10 I
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha OS 200 Justice 27
: 700 Alta 15 500 26
200 Belcher 23 100 Mexican 32
j 400 Best & Belcher 31 200 Ophir 45
I 500 32 1100 Potosi 41
1 700 Bullion 10 300 Savage 26
200 Chollar 46 250 Sierra Nev 127^
400 Con Cal & Va.. 79 800 130
350 Soj2oo 1 32V4
! 30<j Crown Point ... 13 1 100 Standard 165
150 Gould & Curry.. 2O ( 40O Union Con 42
; 200 H & N 1 27^:200 T'tah 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 OS I Justice 26 2S
i Alta 15 lalKentuck 02 04
Andes 10 111 Lady Wash — 03
j Belcher 23 24 ! Mexican 31 33
I Benton IS — Occidental 255 2 61)
Best & Belchr. 31 33 Ophir 46 47
Bullion OS 10 Overman 10 11
I Chollar 45 47 Potosi 41 42
• Con Cal & Va. 73 ' SO Savage 25 26
1 Challenge 25 — Seg Belcher ... 03 06
j Confidence 65 — Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 1301 35
Crown Point... 13 14LSilver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. — 02 [Syndicate 01 04
i Eureka — 25jStandard 160 —
i Exchequer — 06 ' Union Con 41 42
: Gould & Curry. 20 21 ' Utah 10 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 25 — Yellow Jacket. 28 SO
i Julia 01 031
j FASHIONS IN SKIRTS AND WAISTS
Fashionably made dress skirts, with
the exception of some tailor gowns, hang
separate from the linings, which rarely
measure more than four yards around.
For narrow silks and washable ma
terials, the best and newest skirt is the
seven-gore bell, which fits smoothly
across the front and hips and has a
graceful fullness at the back. It has
a dip in the back, which is given more
by the bias back seam than by the add
ed length at the bottom. In wide wool
materials the bell skirt with the wide
side gore is most used. It is graceful,
and does not cut into the material to
disadvantage. The Paquin skirt, with a
graduated circular flounce, is made, in
all sorts of materials, and will be much
used in lightweight wool goods, as well
as on the foulards, which are again to
the front in new designs. Rows of
graduated velvet run from the skirt
hem to the waist, and many have rows
of black insertion placed at Intervals
the entire depth of the skirt. Of course
drop linings are always used in these
gowns, and the outside is tacked in
places to the lining to prevent the net
from sagging and hanging below the
lining.
There is no getting around the fact
that the fancy odd waist will reign in
definitely. Perhaps the chiffon and
mousseline waists are the greatest fa
vorites, yet the fancy colored taffetas
and velvets, as well as all sorts of
silken weaves, are much worn. Blousy
fronts are still coming out daily in new
creations, which fact assures their
style as good for the coming season. —
March Woman's Home Companion.
A specialist is a doctor who can always
find that a man has some form of a par
ticular disease If he examines him lone
enough.
THE CALL CVENDAH.
March. 189 S.
Mo
1
We
2
9
10
23
I 38
m
Th.
3
10
17
Fr
Sa. Moon's Phases.
& /Oi full Moon.
W Mar 8.
12 — •
I^o-Las't Quarter
19 'iA.: - Mar. U.
14
21;
23
16
24.
31
•v ! /^V New Moon.
_jW Mar. 33.
! First Quartei
J* -■' Mar. W.
Quarter,
ar. 2V.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S N Mer
chants' Exchange. Sun Francisco. "March
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day-i. c.. at noon of the
12flth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m .. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINTERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar«
Isl j M nnfS'«iating whether the time ball was
droned on tm or giving the error, if any. Is
ing day. Lleutenant . v. S. X.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
\OTE-The high and low waters occur at
MABCH— ISfti
Tuesday. March 22.
Sunrises.. .... *••• -.jj
Sun sets " V, m
Moon sets —
giTlmely—tlTHneipeetlThne'peet
SllTWl :H Wi 'L W 1
Time Feet
H Wl
*2| 3. Hi!
2.1 1 5:59
tH W
34 1 0:l-|
25 0:45
26 1:15
•>T 1 :4»
2S 2:22
1.. i 11:3'
O.«- 12:2-
L W
5.4 6:37
5.2! 7:-'-
5.U 8:11
4.'.' 9:05
4.7 10:01
50 &:&«|
H Wl
0.4 ! 1:20 1
0.4 2U|
U. 4 3:15]
U.ti 4:33
I.l] 11:4"
1.6 1
|L W
1.0 1 6:31
U 7 :()1
3.!t 7:34
S.« S:10
a.T 9;li
2t>
->;
2S
JU
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in t he le.t
hand column and the successive tides or tne
day in the order of occurrence as to time, me
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or risht hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helent
and then the number Riven is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
iiiencia
rlstol
rpseent City..
e\gic
inta Rosa
olon
Ity Puebia.. .
Dos Bay
tate or Cai
omer
Alaska
Departure Bay
Crescent CHv
China ana Japan
San Dlesro..
Panama
Victoria and Pug-et Sound
Newport
I Portiana
Humbodli..
I Seattle
Departure Bay
Coos Bay _
San Diesro ~
Coos Bay..
Victoria and Pugret Sna...
Portland...
btumooiat
Humboldt
Panama
'D'amette
'ell!n?ton
rcata
omona.
mplrw
'alia Wails
jjumoia
orth Fora
'eeott... .....
in Bias:Trrr";".
•China and Japan
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stbameu. I Destination- I
Sails.
amoa
unatllla .. I
olumDia. j
hlna j
loana I
Veeott i
iortn Fork
antji Rosa
'alencla... |
oos Har..
tate of Cal 1
Humboldt ....
I Vie & Pst Snd
| Portland
Chlna&Japan.
Australia
, Humbldt Bay.
: Humboidt
San Diesro
I Alaska
i Newport
! Portland
! Vie & Pei Sna
Humbolat
Coos Bay
San Diego
Panama .
Mar 22. 9am Pier 2
Mar Tl. 10 am Pier a
Mar 22. 10 am Pier 21
iMar 23, 1 pm PM S3
Mar •-•:). 2 pm Pier T
| Mar 23, Yam Pier Vi
i Mir '23. 9am Pier 2
IMar IH. 11 am Pier U
IMar 25, 2pm
Mar 20. 9 am Pier 11
; Mar 38. 10 am Pier 2i
i Mar .-'7. 10 am Pier 9
iMar 27. 10am Pier 9
Mar -11. 10 am Pier 13
Mar 2.5. 11 aji Pter 11
Mar 28. 12 M PM S3
lomer
rcata
omona —
olon
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Mitre 1 ! 21.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littleneld, 87 hours from
Tacoma. ld river direct.
Br stmr Yates. SI hours from Departure
Bay.
Fr bark Alice, Gosse. 148 days from Swan
sea.
Bark Vldette, Dodd. 10 days from Olympia.
Bchr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 10 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Bchr W.F Witzeman. Olsen. 10 days from
Tacoma.
Bchr Emma Utter. Allen. 4H days frm Grays
Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Waldwick, 14 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Sehr Mary Etta Nyman. 10 hours from Fisks
Mill.
CLEARED.
Monday, March H.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, Newport: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall. Astoria, Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Stmr I'matilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka; Goodall, Perk*
ins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, March 21.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Schr Nettle Low. ' I>iw. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 21. 10 p. nv— Weather.
1 hazy; wind, NW; velocity. 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Wllna loads mdse for Vladivostok .
The Br stmr Alagonia loads lumber on <jTia
Sound for Buenos Ayres, 57s 6d; schr 'W -
quola, lumber at Chemalnus for Santa Rt».. -
Ha.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Fr bark Alice— On Dec 31 in lat 56 10 S.
long 76 50 W, had a heavy NNW gale lasting
ten days. Carried away fore and main top
gallant masts and everything attached.
SPOKEN.
March 17— Lat 4 N. long 7 W, Br bark Banff
shlre, from Cardiff, for Esquimau.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT — Arrived March 21— Schr C H
Merchant, from Fort Bragg.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived March 20 —
Schr Newark, hence March 19.
GREENWOOD — Arrived March 21 — Stmr
Greenwood, hence March 19.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 21 — Schr
Prosper, from Tacoma; schr Alice, from Eu
reka.
Palled March 20 — Schr Meteor, for Puget
Sound; bktn Bkagit. for Port Gamble.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed March 21— U S etnir
Monterey, for : U S stmr Monadnock. for
ASTORlA— Arrived- March 20— Stmr Oregon,
from Dyea; Btmr Alcatraz. from Dyea.
El'REKA— Arrived March 20— Schr Charles B
Falk. from San Pedro; schr Eclipse, hence
March 9.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 21 — Stmr Alica
Blanchard, from Copper River; stmr Navarro,
fom Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 20— Schr Mary
Dodge, for Tacoma.
Arrived March 21 —^chr Zampa, frm Tacoma.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 21— Br bark Iredal*.
for Cape Town; Br ship Romanoff, for Queens
town; bktn Chehalis, for San Francisco; Mr
stmr Argyll, for Yokohama.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed March— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March ll— Ship Tosemite.
for Dyea.
SEATTLE — Sailed March 20 Schr Fan
nie Dutard, for Ventura.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Arrived March 19 — Stmr
Finance, fn">m Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Mar
19— Stmr Laurada, from Philadelphia. lor San
Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA— March 19— Stmr Illinois,
previously reported having grounded nn Cherry
Flats got off at high water and returned fir
examination. k»
FOREIGN PORTS. r
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed March 20— Br
ship Belford. for San Francisco.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed March 20— Br stmr Whlt
gift. for San Francisco. ■
<=T VINCENT— SaiIed March IS— Br Mmr
Pan Line, for St. Nazaire.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed March 20— Stmr San Bias
for San Francisco. _
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed March 20— Br
ship Pelford. for San Francisco.
CARDlFF— Arrived March 19— Br ship Croco
dile, from Tacoma. ' ,
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 19— Br "ark
Invent*, hence Oct 31: Br ship Cape York,
from Tacoma; 'Br ship Simla, hence Oct .4.
HAVRE— March 19— Br ship Suther
landshire. from Oregon. • < 1.
BEACHY HEAP— Passed March 1?— Br ship
Craigmore. hence Oct 19. for Queenstown --.-—
CARDIFF— SaiIed March 19— ship Fiery
T COLON-fa?led 18-Stmr Alllapca. for
N FAITMCM:TH-Palled March 19-Ger ship
ship Australian.
fO fTV a FRPOOL!l r Xrrived March 19-Br ship
Andora.^om^uVin; Br ship Scottish Lochs.
he MARSEILLES-Arrlved March 19-Br stmr
A PLyMOUTH-A°r m March 19 - Br ship
A SWA U NSEA nC I^ V rived March IS - Br ship
T; Y,°.K ( aC II A rVived March 19 - Br stmr
GfI7ARDnG fI7ARD n - Parsed' March 1!) - Ship St Fran
cl. from Tacoma. for Plymouth: Br ship La
™horna hen-- Oct 1. for Hartlepool.
QrEENSTOWN-Pailed ' March .19 - Br • ship
"ANTWERP 1 "- °**n*4 March 1- Br ship Clan
MacPherson. for Tacoma. . . ■ •
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAYINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street. San Francisco, w
Paid up capital and reserves IC.'t.l Jj^
A General Savings and Commercial Banking'
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
PIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denicko. A. Sbarboro. J. C. Rued
E. Martlnonl, P. C. Siebe. A. Tognazzlnl, v'
Bninner. McD. R. Vcnahlc, A. G. Wloland
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin. C. Oehret, pi
Togoazzlnl, S. Grand!, O. Rottanzl.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TO ABANDON
A RAILROAD
Residents' Only Hope Is
the Purchase of the
Sather Tract. I
The Syndicate Has No Fur- j
ther Use for Prospect
Heights.
No Use Objecting, for There Is No
Possible Roller at
land.
Oakland O*nct «i.r. Francisco Call,
90S Hroad«-ay, March 2L
Much dissatisfaction is being expressed
by the residents of East Oakland at the
plan of the syndicate railroads to cut
them oiT from connection with any other
; art of town. A notice has been sent out
by the company that after March 31 the
operation of cars on the Fourth-avenue
line will be discontinued— and a dark
underline is beneath the "discontinued."
The line in question was opened about
four years ago, and was designed as an
element in the development of a large
;.ii at Trestle Glen. This
was taken up by the East Oakland road
in opposition to the attractions at Blair
i'ark, maintained by the Piedmont line.
A large pavilion was erected at the glen,
and about a week ago it was destroyed
by lire. During the summer many picnics
camp-meetings were held at the
glen, and a long stretch of very expensive
trestle was built across the ravine. Now
tlie whole project will be abandoned, as
the syndicate, having no opposition, can
divert all the summer pleasuring to Leona
iieights or Blair Park.
The Fourth-avenue line is over a mile
li'iig. and no other road runs near the
oed neighborhood. The syndicate
states that it will not maintain a road
ihat steiuiily loses $b a day, and some of
the property-holders have asked that tne
tracks remain, until the territory shall
■iop.
A very interesting point that has arisen
in this connection is the fact that Trestle
Glen is a part of what is known as the
Sather tract, which has been offered
to the city for sale as a park site, if
the Realty Syndicate, which owns the
railroads, is not the direel agent for the
Satner property, it nas a large interest
in it, as is proved by its offer of a big
strip of land in the event of the city
purchasing the par*, site that could con
the Sather property with the boule- ;
yard around the lake. This strip is to be
givt n free. , . .. .
Should a park lie purchased in that
hborhood there would be sufficient'
travel to warrant continuing the Fourth
avenue railroad. The syndicate is pre- '
i to leave the tracks down, unless,
:.e of its officers stated, "some
cranks" order them to take them up and
tally abandon their franchise.
HONOBED IK.ISH HEROES.
St. Mary's College Athletic Associa
tion Gave a Creditable
Entertainment.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The students o
St. Mary's College gave a literary am
- musical entertainment last evening in th<
assembly hall of the college, under th(
auspices of the College Athletic Associa
tion. The stage was beautifully decor
ated'with* the green and gold of Ire
land wreathed in graceful folds with the
stars and stripes. The numbers were
well rendered and the students demon
strated that they were truly in accord
with the spirit of 1795, the mention ol
which always evoked the most generous
applause.
The exercises were opened by Thomas
i 1. Donovan, president of the day, whe
flielivered a very interesting address. Th.
oration of Leo F. Tormey was a mas
terly effort and he was frequently in
terrupted by the applause of his fellow
students. He spoke at length on th(
glories and hardships of the Irish peo
ple, and concluded by saying: "The
is not far distant when haughty Albion
crushed by the weight of guilt, shall
crumble to her ruin. Another Fontenoy
more terrible than its predecessor shall
drive away forever the last redcoat from
Irish soil, while the glorious harp and
shamrock, glowing with thrice its for
mer luster, will wave again in College
Green, upheld by a true and generous
people. Then will the principles of the
heroes of '98 be promulgated and Em
met's name will be written on monumen
tal stone."
E. T. Mallon was the poet of the day
and his poem was replete with beautiful
sentiments concerning St. Patrick and the
iand be converted to the faith. The mu
sical portion of the programme was under
the direction of Professor Schorct, and
was well rendered. .
The officers of the St. Mary's College
Athletic Association, under whose aus
pices the entertainment was given, are:
President, W. T. Sullivan, B. S., '97; vice
president, H. D. Friermuth, '01: secretary,
A. P. Finan, "98; treasurer, L. F. Tormey,
"38, and field captain, O. A. Welch, '99.
Two Monday Weddings.
OAKLAND, March 21.— Miss Helen J.
Cullen of this city and Samuel E. Mc-
Ginnis of Mountain City, Nevada, were
married at the Church of the Imniacu
late Conception this morning at 9 o'clock,
Father Nolan officiating. After a break
fast at an uptown hotel, the couple de
parted for a bridal tour of the south
ern part of the State. On their return
they will reside here, going to Nevada in
the summer months, while the groom
looks after his extensive interests in a
large cattle ranch.
This afternoon Miss Clara M. Chapman,
of 1169 East Sixteenth street, was mar
ried to George K. Movie of Mono Lake,
4 Rev. J. L. Irefen of the Twenty-fourth
i Avenue M. K. Church officiating. The
bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Kobert Chapman. Only the family and
a few intimate personal friends were pres
ent. After a dinner at home the couple
left on the evening train for Southern
California. They will reside at Mono
Lake on their return.
Founder of SnelFs Seminary.
OAKLAND, March 21.— funeral of
Mrs. Julia Ritchie Snell, wife of ex-Coun-
Icilman li. B. Snell, took place this after
noon. Rev. C. K. Brown of the First Con
gregational Church officiating. Mrs. Snell
died about 5 o'clock yesterday morning
after a long illness, at the family residence,
14C0 Chestnut street. Her death was due
to a cancer. She was a native of Sears
port, Maine, IS years of age, and had
resided here since IS7B. Mr. and Mrs.
Snell and his sister conducted Sneli's
Seminary here for years, and are well
known throughout the State. The Insti
tution was one of the most popular .of
the State, and Its graduates are scat
tered all over the State in all walks of
life. Besides her husband, Mrs. Snell
leaves a family of two daughters, Miss
Mariedna and Miss Margaret R., and two
sons, Richard A. and Henry F. Snell, to
mourn her departure.
Sues for Their Maps.
OAKLAND, March ■ 21.— Sun Insur
ance Office of Great Britain and Ireland
Ijiled a suit in Justice "Woods' court to-day
against its former agent. A. L. Stone,
to recover certain map.-; and drawings
which it claims. They seek $100 or the
maps, and $50 damages and costs. Mr.
Stone, who surrendered the agency of ■
the company to cut the combine's rates,
say's he has had the maps for ten years
or more, being some time before he took
the Sun agency. He believes it to be only
an attempt to injure his business, since
ho is cutting rates.
Another Man Tries to Hang. i
4 OAKLAND, March John Bell, for- !
™ merly a well-to-do man of this city, but i
of late years a well borer, was locked
up last night in the City Prison on a
charge of drunkenness. He attempted to
hang himself with a suspender later, but
before he succeeded other prisoners noti- |
fied Officer llan)m-?rton, and he was cared j
for. This morning he knew nothing of !
the attempt and pleaded guilty of being i
drunk. He escaped with a one day's sen- i
tence. 1
CAN AFFORD TO
BE GENEROUS
Woman Suffragists Send
Money to Other
States.
Will Be Heard From at the
State Capital Next
Spring.
Alameda County Folks Finding Out
How Much Taxes Women
Pay
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 21.
The Political Equality League of Ala
' meda County is much gratified at me
manner in which suffragists have re
; sponded to the appeal for help lor the
I States that are to pass upon t.*e suffrage
question in the near future.
President JVirs. Lloyd Baldwin has re
, eently had an opportunity of canvassing
the sentiment, of the suffragists of me
i county, and she has found a very gradual
! growtli in its favor. The formal appeal
sent out by her for funds about a month
ago has resulted in quite a sum being
, collected to aid the National Suffragist
ation in its work. For over a year
there has been a division of opinion
among the ladies of the cause 01 tfle
failure to carry Alameda County in ISIHS.
A few weeks ago one of the ladies, Mrs.
S. C. Borland, made a statement that the
Eastern suffragists killed the movement
In this county by dictating to instead of
collaborating with the workers in this
county. The prophecy was made ihat on
this account the appeal to helo the Na
tionals would not be very productive.
President Baldwin, when asked as to
the reception of her circular letter, said
she was surprised at the response, "it
is a I «i M" mistaKe," she said "to presume
that Alameda County is not doing her
share of propaganda work or that the
movement is going t<> pieces here. A few
of our workers have a mistaken idea, of
the value of the help that we received
from the Eastern ladies. They gave us
the full benefit of their experience, and
we could not have done so well as we did
without it. Our cause in Alameda and
San Francisco counties was lost through
the united efforts of the saloon men and
wealthy brewers. We are going right
ahead on our usual lines, and although
we cannot get this question before this
State this election, we shall be heard
from in Sacramento next January."
The suffragists have been much elated
lately by the discovery that half of
Broadway in this city is owned by ladies.
It is probable that the whole assessment
roll will be gone over before tne next
campaign, so that the ladies may- know
exactly what taxes they pay "without
representation."
SCHOOL DISTRICT FIGHT.
Elmhurst Would Enlarge at the Ex
pense of Lockwood, but Is
Opposed.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The Board of
Supervisors were presented with a pe
tition this morning', asking that a por
tion of the Lockwood school district be
set off and annexed to the Elmhurst.
Among the names of the petitioners were
those of W. J. Keating, J. Hitchcock, W.
H. Roth, W. G. Williamson, K. M. Smith.
Alexander Goess, Edward Pelletier, A. C.
Christiansen, L. T. Higgins, Jose A. C.
de Forte of Lockwood district; and Ed
Horest, J. L. Lills, Newton Gray, A,
Meyer, M. S. Shaw and W. Lyon of Elm
hurst.
The reasons given for this request,
which is indorsed by County Superintend
ent J. P. Gariick, are given as "the chil-
Uving in that section which it is
proposed to change have to pass two or
more very Questionable wayside resorts
going to and coming from the Lockwood
district; the territory proposed to '>»»
annexed is nearer Elmhurst than the
Lockwood school, and the Lockwood dis
trict is taxed to its utmost limit now."
The petition is opposed by J. Tyrrcl, C.
A. Silva and G. W. Hacelton, trustees of
the Lockwood district. They claim that
they have just pupils enough for their
four rooms and teachers and that by
taking away from them they would no*t
have enough for four and too many for
three teachers. The matter will betaken
up next Monday morning at 11 o'clock,
when both sides will be given a hear-
Captain Chapman's Estate.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The appraisers
of the estate of the late Captain James
F. Chapman, Messrs. J.. T. rinow. R s
Lavensaler and William G. Henshaw,
have tiled their report. The total value
placed upon the estate is $155.052; all of
which is personal property except the
home, valued at $:,2U. It consists of $37,438
in the bank, $53,074 in stocks of various
incorporations of this State and Oregon
$27,126 in notes and mortgages, and $i"..2iW
interests in thirty-two vessels of various
descriptions. The property is all com
("•■nity and goes to the wife, who is ex
ted to care for the children as she
Prospects of Large Yields.
AKLAND, March 21.— C. W. Hunt, of
produce firm of Hunt, Hatch & Co
chod home last night from a trip up
Sacramento River. He reports that
continued lack of rain and the frosts
have seriously injured the apricot and
potato crop. The high winds are also
playing havoc. On Staten Island, he
says, "000 acres of barley will have to
i be resown. The farmers have begun Ir
rigating, which will insure mammoth
I crops. He believes that enough fruit re
mains uninjured to supply the market, so
larse was the threatened yield.
Oakland News Items.
who pleaded guilty to burglarizing the'
house of L. W. liuckley, was sentenced
.y to ten years in San Quentin by
Judge Ellsworth.
A petition signed by more than 150 resi
dents in the neighborhood of Twenty
. lxth and Grove streets was presented to
the City Council to-night prott-sting
against the issuance of a liquor license
; i <;. Angeli or any other person.
The cement work for two blocks of the
Easi Twelfth stroet pavement has been
completed, but no redwood blocks have
put in their appearance. Street Superin
iit Miller is dissatisfied with the
< ontraotor's delay.
Assistant Street Superintendent Ott has
a gang of men busy between midnight
and 5 a. m. flushing the culverts of cross
ings on Broadway, Washington and
Franklin streets.
IE. D. Dimond, who claims to have
l born in Maine, May 1. 17%, visited
land to-day. He is writing his auto
raphy, and is remarkably sprightly
a. man of his age. lie resides in San
ncisco.
dg-e Ogden refused to commit Mis
;i Friatran to an insane asylum this
moon, after being recommended tor
mitment by the lunacy commission,
le Coroner's jury charges Joseph 11.
Cett With the killing of Mrs. Lucy
t'ett. and he will have to stand trial
for murder. He is still in the hospital
under police surveillance. The funeral of
Mrs. Moffett was held yesterday under
the auspices of the Modern Trojans.
Thomas McDonald, father of John Mc-
Donald, of the firm of Fitzgerald, Abbott
ft McDonald, died at his residence. i>2o
Fifteenth street, yesterday at the ago of
7S years. He is well known throughout
the county.
District Attorney Snook refused to is
sue a warrant for the arreat of Maggie
Keefe, daughter of Patrick Keefe of Ala
meda. Keefe claimed that she apuropriated
the proceeds of a milk bill which she col
lected for him.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAKCH 22, 1898.
AS DANGEROUS
AS KISSING
The Health Officer Is
After Microbes in
Telephones.
Analysis Being Made of the
Secretions in Mouth
pieces.
Dr. Dunn Believes There Is Need
of a Uniform System of
Cleansing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
DOS Broadway, March 21.
If it bo practicable, and can be done
legally, an ordinance will soon be enact
ed that will protect the users of tele
phones from probable contraction of dis
ease. »
Some very interesting experiments are
about to be made by the Health Depart
ment that will determine how much dan
ger lurks in the little black mouthpiece
of the talking boxes. The matter has
been brought up before the Boards of
Health of many cities, but no definite ac
tion has yet been taken, so far as can be
learned.
Health Officer Dunn has now taken up
this matter in earnest, and has already
been surprised at the result. Although
not prepared to say much about the dan
ger, Dr. Dunn has seen enough to con
vince him that much filth lodges in the
mouthpieces, and that there should be
some system of keeping them clean.
"Some of the secretions 1 have collect
ed." said Dr. Dunn, "have surprised me,
and I wonder that the subject has not
been officially treated before this. 1 have
Been congealed breath actually dripping
from the mouthpieces. No one knows
what consumptive persons may have
sprayed microbes into it, and should it
be used in the dark, as telephones often
are, the experience is repulsive.
"The habit of indiscriminate kissing is
not, in my opinion, any more dangerous
than the common use of telephones. 1
have already some specimens of the de
posits and they are vile. There are tracts
of tobacco juice, whisky, and Other stale
things, but we have not yet learned
whether deadly bacilli lodge there— but
presumably they do. It is not an easy
matter to prescribe a remedy, but it is
certainly as important as many other
hygienic measures that the public is now
very particular about. When ready I
shall turn some of the specimens
taken from the phones over to Dr. H. A.
Ryfkogel, who will make a thorough
chemical analysis. I have learned that
there are certain devices that claim to
be automatically disinfectant, but it is
incumbent on us to go about the matter
very thoroughly and discover, if possi
ble, a remedy. If the danger is as great
as is anticipated, we cannot take stock
in the casual use of toys, but must adopt
some uniform system. The. rapid in
crease in the use of telephones makes an
investigation imperative."
Before the Council.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The Henneber
ry resolution to ignore the veto of Mayor
Thomas was passed to-night by a vote
of 6 to 4. Councilman Girard being ab
sent. Couneilmen Rowe and I'pton de
clared such an action worthless and a
waste of time, but no response was made
to their remarks. The veto was presented
and President Pringle asked "Shall tho
veto be sustained?' Hermeherry stepped
forward and presented a copy of his reso
lution that had been before the commit
tee and after it was read moved its adop
tion. The request of the Hoard of Edu
cation for permission to exchange prop
erty on Fifth street, between Linden and
Chestnut streets, f. >r a lot liOo by 160 on
Castro street, between Eighth and Ninth,
with a c;ish bonus of $15,000, and permis
sion to remove the Tompkina school
building to the new lot, was passed to
print. The resolution granting the South
Pacific Coast Railway a franchise
over the curve from Webster to Harrison
street, south of Second street, was also
passed to print. It included a section
providing that the company should keep
the block in which the curve occurred
clear of all obstructions to sight. OthiT
m< asures passed to print were one to
protect employes and patrons of street
railway companies by compelling them to
construct glass fronts on both < -nds of all
cars, and establishing "General specifi
cations for improving and paving main
thoroughfares, business and residence
streets."
Three Inquests.
OAKLAND, March 21.— Coroner Bald
win held three Inquests to-night with one
jury. Testimony for all three was taken
and the deliberations of the jury w. ■!•••
taken afterward. The first case was that
of Alvin Norlan of Golden Gate, in which
some ono accused Dr. A. H. Pratt or a
drug clerk of giving a child the wrong
medicine. The jury found that death re
sulted from pneumonia, as certified by
Dr. Pratt, and that the medicine was ail
right.
In the cisf of Thomas Moore, a colored
man of West Oakland, it was determined
that death was the result of consump
tion, and nothing was discovered that
was irregular.
The: greatest interest was manifested
in the case of Gee Lee, whose death fol
lowed a fracture of the right leg near
the thigh. Dr. R. S. Btrattr i reduced
the fracture and placed the 1< .n splints.
Lee was then removed to tho laundry
and Dr. Hai Lo Tai of San Francisco
.summoned. On his arrival ho removed
the dressings, twisted the leg, and aft. r
putting on some ointment bound it up
with rngs and bark. These were placed
fully six inches below the fracture. It
was expected that the jury would find
the Oriental physician responsible for
Lee's death, but they attributed it to the
shock occasioned by tbe fracture.
Muster of Company G.
ALAMEDA. March 21.— Captain M W
Simpson of Company (} has Issued orders
j to the members of that organization to
I assemble for annual Inspection and mus
, ter at Armory Hall on Friday evening
i March 25. Members are to attend in ser
vice uniforms, campaign hats, without
crossguns, web belts, no gloves, dark
negligee shirts, shoes blackened, and j
with arms and accoutrements cleaned.
No excuse will be accepted for non-at
tendance, and those Catling to put in an
appearance will be dealt with summarily.
Launching of the Dawson City.
ALAMEDA, March 21.— Invitations are
out for the launching of the steamer
Dawson City, built for the California- !
Alaska Mining and Transportation Com
; pany of this city, which will t.ike place
to-morrow at Stone & Wilson's ship
yards at Hunters Point. A special boat
will leave the narrow-gauge wharf at
12:45 to take passengers from this side of
I the bay. A large attendance is expected,
I as the company includes a number of
prominent business men of this city.
Work of the Good Samaritans.
ALAMEDA, March 21.— The Group of
' Good Samaritans in this city, the only
branch of the Royal Arch Masons of that
degree in this State, proposes to beautify
the grounds of the Widows and Orphans'
Home, now being constructed at Decoto
in this county, by planting walnut and
: other trees along the driveways. A com
i mittee has been appointed to take charge
of the affair, and the members will pro- !
ceed to carry out the project as soon as
I possible.
Narrow Escape From Drowning.
ALAMEDA. March 21.— Two lads named '>
Albert IHitler and Foster Griffiths* were
out in a sailboat this morning during the
high wind and in some way the craft be
came unmanageable and was upset. The
boys clung to the keel of the boat and
shouted for help. Finally two other boys
on shore were attracted to the wrecked
mariners, and obtaining a rowboat went
out and rescued them.
Bishop of Utah.
ALAMEDA, March 21.— Rev. Dr. Abiel
Leornard. Bishop of Utah, will hold spe
cial services in Christ Church, this city,
on Thursday next. He will preach at
10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m. and at 3.30 there
will be a children's missionary meeting.
At 7:30 in the evening there will be a full
musical service and an address by the
Bishop.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 21.— The executive
committee of the Alameda Republican
Club will hold a meeting to-morrow
♦ veiling at the club rooms in the Tucker
block.
Services in memory of the late Frances
Willard will be held to-morrow evening
in the Park-Street Methodist Church.
There will be a number of appropriate
addresses by prominent speakers.
The newly organized Municipal League
meets this evening to discuss the ques
tion of the present city charter and the
possible need for a new one.
. — ■ .—. — .
A BIG CONSOLIDATION.
Electric Lines ifonn a Gigantic Co
operative Project for Revenue.
OAKLAND, March 21.— Articles of con
solidation, amalgamation and incorpora
tion were filed late to-night of the Ala
meda, Oakland and Piedmont, Oakland
Consolidated and Central Avenue Electric
lines under the name of the Oakland
Transit Company. The capital stock is
?5,000.000, divided into 100,000 shares valued
at $50 each. The directors are F. M.
Smith, E. A. Heron, F. C. Havens, W.
H. Martin. D. D. Harris, J. C. Winans
and Charles R. Bishop.
This transfer comprises the roads held
in the name of the Realty Syndicate, but
does not include the East Oakland and
Piedmont and Mountain View roads. These
will be added later, but are left out now,
owing to some technical point in their
transfer to the syndicate.
Printers' Strike is Over.
BERKI-iLEY, March 21. — Berkeley's
newspaper war is at an end. The Oak
land Typographical I'nion, which origi
nally called the printers out of the World
and Gazette offices on account of a re
duction in wages, this evening an
nounced in both the evening papers that
the differences between the union, and
the proprietors had been adjusted. The
proprietors have signed a contract oind
ing themselves to comply with the re
quirements of the union for a period of
one year. The old scale of wages has
been re-established and several of the
strikers have returned to their cases. The
executive committee of the union, which
lias had supervision of the publication of
the strikers' paper, the Berkeley Daily
Press, announces that the paper has
passed out of its control. It is stated,
however, that the Press will continue as
an independent publication.
Grafting on Potato "Vines.
BERKELEY, March 21.— Superintendent i
J. W. Mills of the Pomona Agricultural
Experiment Station has succeeded in a
most unique and interesting agricultural
experiment— tne grafting of a morning,
glory on a sweet potato vine. An ipsomea j
grundiflora, or large moonllower, a spe
cies of large flowered morning glory, was
grafted upon the sum of a red Bermuda
sweet potato, and as a result of the j
grafting both the plants attained an un-i
usually large growth. The sweet po- :
tato vine produced twenty-one pounds
of potatoes, one of them alone weighing !
thirteen and a half pounds. Ordinarily
a vine produces only from ten to twelve '
pounds, the single potatoes rarely weigh- !
ing over four pounds.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 21.— Manager P. J.
Franklin of the '99 Blue and Gold an
nounced that the juniors' annual will be
out by the second week in April.
Professor Thomas K. Bacon will lec
ture before tho California I'nion to-mor
row evening at tho university on "The
Early American University."
The Students' Congress will debate the
following question to-morrow evening:
'•Resolved. That the United States consti
tution should be si) amended that in all
cases of trial by jury an agreement on the
part of three-fourths of the jury should de
termine a verdict." The speakers will be:
Affirmative, Cloud, Arnold. Baird and
McDlll; negative, Kennedy, Quayle, Wes
tcrman and Bradford.
On Wednesday afternoon, March 30,
Professor H. P. Johnson will read a pa
per before the Botanical Seminary on
"Wolsmnnn's Theory of Heredity."
Professor Alexis F\ Lange lectured at
the university this afternoon on "Old
English Treatment of Bible Subjects."
The University of California baseball
team will play the Alumni nine on Wed
newday, Charter day, at 3p. m. The
Alumni team will be strengthened with
Henry Krug in the box. and will undoubt
edly make a determined effort to retrieve
their defeat at the hands of the Varsity
last Saturday by a score of 10 to 4
Professor L. D. Syle of the English de
partment of the State University has been
invited to deliver a series of sixteen lec
tures on srjontific and eighteenth cen
tury literature at the New York Chau
tauqua Assembly next July.
WILL DISCUSS
HORTICULTURE
Preparations Under Way for
the Annual Convention
of Fruit-Growers.
Two Sessions Will Be Held, One in
Los Angeles, the Other in
Riverside.
During the coming- month the California
Fruit Growers' Convention will hold Its
twenty-second annual session. The con
vention will convene in two sections this
year, the first in the Assembly Hall of
the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
on April 11 and 12, and the second in the
hall of the Riverside Chamber of Com
merce on April 14 and 15. The meetings
will be under the auspices of the State
Board of Horticulture.
A most cordial invitation is extended
to all fruit growers, shippers, nursery
men and others Interested in horticulture
and* kindred pursuits to be present, and
take part in the proceedings, and the
management hope that every branch of
the industry will be well represented.
Papers will be presented by eminent
horticulturists during the sessions on
siihj.Mts that are deemed of the utmost
importance to the fruit industry In gen
eral.
Owing to circumstances over which the
committee of armngements had no con
trol, it was unable to make arrangements
for other meetings at this time; but if
the convention deems advisable, the ses
sions can be extended to meet at other
points. Ample time and ,1 rare opportun
ity will be afforded visitors to visit the
important fruit sections while attending
the convention.
Great care will be taken by the Cham
ber of Commerce, Pomological Society,
horticultural clubs and citizens to make
the visit <>f all in attendance of a most
pleasant character. During the stay at
j.os Angeles ;i reception will be giv<>n
under the auspices of the Chamber of
Commerce, and its balls will be placed at
the disposal of the convention. The Riv
erside Chamber of Commerce has ar
ranged for a companentary drive through
the beautiful valley and rich farming
lands in the vicinity of that place. Spec
ial rates will be made by the Southern
Paciflc Company to all desiring to attend
the convention.
SHE THREW BEER-GLASSES.
A Stylishly Dressed Woman Charged
With Malicious Mischief.
A stylishly dressed woman, who gave
i her name as Grace Jones, appeared in
! Judge Conlan's court yesterday on
i charges of being drunk and of malicious
mischief. The complaining witness on
the latter charge is Jack O'Connor, 25
j Turk street, who alleges that the .woman
broke several glasses and other articles
jin his saloon Sunday evening. The caso
was continued untu to-morrow. She is
! out on bail.
Damages for His Son's Death.
Frank W. Galvery commenced suit yes
terday against the Market Street Rail
way Company to recover $25,000 damages
for the death of his son, Kdward Gal
very, aged 11 years, who was killed Oc
i..i.. r 2<j, IS%. by an electric car of the
Mission street line. Galvery claims that
the accident was due to the fact that
the car was being run at a too high
rate of speed, and that the motorman
failed to signal the approach of the car by
ringing the bell.
RECRUITS FOR
THE ARTILLERY
Changes in the Territo
rial Limits of Military
Departments.
Colonel James M. Moore, Chief
Quartermaster, Leaves To-
Day for San Diego.
Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher Or
dered East— He Will Probably Be
Adjutant of the Sixth Artillery.
The following orders were issued from
military headquarters in this city yester
day:
Pursuant to authority from the War
Department, Colonel James M. Moore,
assistant quartermaster-general. United
States army, ami chief quartermaster
Department of California, will proceed
to San Diego and Ballast Point. Cal., on
public business pertaining to water trans
portation required in connection with the
mounting of guns at Ballast Point.
Colonel Moore leaves for San Diego this
morning.
Pursuant to telegraphic instructions
from the major-general commanding the
army, First Lieutenant Charles T. Meno
her, Third Artillery (Presidio), is relieved
from duty in this department and will
proceed without delay to Fort Mcllenry,
Hi, reporting upon his arrival to the
colonel of the Sixth Artillery for duty.
It is generally believed that Lieutenant
Menoher will he appointed adjutant of
the regiment, and that his transfer was
made by the adjutant-general of the
army on the request of Colonel Williston
of the Sixth.
It is probable that Colonel Williston
made his selection of a regimental adju
tant before he left California to take com
mand of the newly created Sixth Regi
ment of artillery. Other transfers are
likely to be announced before long.
A recent circular issued by the War De
partment says that until further orders
all desirable applicants for the artillery,
heavy or light, who present themselves
at a military post and pass the required
examination, will be enlisted by the post
recruiting officer and held subject to as
signment from the adjutant general's of
fice. Those enlisted at city stations will
be disposed of in accordance with the
special instructions given the recruiting
olficers.
Recruits for the artillery should be
young:, active men of a good degree of
intelligence, and a considerable proportion
of those enlisted for the heavy artillery
should, in addition, possess a fair knowl
edge of arithmetic.
Commanding officers of posts who re
ceive no special instructions in the mat
ter will telegraph to the adjutant-gen
eral of the army whenever tHere are two
or more artillery recruits at a post avail
able for assignment, designating the num
ber for heavy artillery and light artillery
separately.
Recruiting for other arms at all stations
will be limited to the enlistment or re
enlistment of exceptionally desirable men
who fulfill all requirements, whether re
cruits or former soldiers.
By direction of the President the fol
lowing changes are made in the terri
torial limits, designation, and headquar
ters of geographical departments:
1. The Department of the East will embrace
tlie New England States, New York, Npw
Jersey. Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
District of Columbia, West Virginia, Virginia
and North Carolina, with headquarters at Gov
ernors Island, N. Y.
2. A department is hereby established to be
known as the Department of the Lakes, to
consist of the States of Wisconsin, Michigan,
Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Ten
nesses, with headquarters at Chicago, 111.
3. The Department of Dakota will embrace
the States of Minnesota, North Dakota, South
I'nk'ita, Montana and po much of Wyoming
and Idaho as is embraced in the Yellowstone
National Park, with headquarters at St. Paul
Minn.
4. The Department of the Columbia will
embrace the States of Washington, Oregon,
Idaho (except so much of the latter as is em
braced In the Yellowstone National Park) and
the Territory of Alaska, with headquaiters at
Vancouver barracks. Wash.
5. The Department of California will em
brace the States of California and Nevada,
with headquarters at San Francisco, Cal.
6. The Department of the Colorado will em
brace the States of Wyoming (except so much
thereof as is embraced in the Yellowstone Na
tional Tark), Colorado and Utah and the Ter
ritories r.f Arizona and New Mexico, with
hpadu tinners at Denver, Colo.
7. A department is hereby established to be
known as the Department of the Missouri, to
consist of the States of lowa. Nebraska, Mis
souri, Kansas and Arkansas, the Indiah Terri
tory and the Territory of Oklahoma, with
headquarters at Omaha. Neb.
8. A department Is hereby established to be
known as the Department of the Gulf, to con
sist of the States of South Carolina, Georgia.
Florida, Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana ami
Texas, with headquarters at Atlanta, Ga.
The Departments of the Missouri, of the
Platte and of Texas are hereby abolished. The
records of the old department of the Missouri
will be transferred to the Department of the
Lakes; those of the Department of the Platte
to the new Department of the Missouri and
those of the Department of Texas to the De
partment of the Oulf.
HACKMAN IN TROUBLE.
John O'Brien Booked on Two Charges
of Grand Larceny.
John O'Brien, a hackman, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday afternoon
by Detective Silvey and Corporal Gei
mann on two charges of grand larceny.
Sunday afternoon Albert P. Burkhardt,
743 Mission street, engaged O'Brien to
drive him and Mrs. Mary McMahon and
a lady friend of Mrs. McMahon to the
roadhouse of Mrs. McMahon's husband
at Twenty-second and Point Lobos ave
nues.
Borkhardt was under the influence of
liquor, and when they got to the road
house O'Brien put him in bed and took
his shoes off. The ladies did not like
O'Brien's interference and insisted upon
him going away. After O'Brien left
Burkhardt claimed that his diamond pin,
valued at $125, had been stolen from him
and Mrs. McMahon discovered that her
gold watch, valued at $75. which she had
placed under the mattress in the bed, had
also been stolen. The police were noti
fied and early yesterday morning the two
officers arrested O'Brien. Yesterday af
ternoon Burkhardt and Mrs. McMahon
swore to complaints in Judge Conlan's
court, charging O'Brien with grand lar
ceny, and he was booked on the charges.
INDIRECT BOUNTIES.
Underhanded Competition of French
Sugar Manufacturers Will Be
Reduced.
Collector Jackson received yesterday the
following circular from Secretary of the
Treasury Gage relative to the duty on
French sugars:
It appears that under the operation of
the law of France now in force, sugars
produced in and exported from that coun
try, receive, in addition to the export
bounties specified in Department Circular
No. 153 of September 22, 1597, indirect
bounties in the following amounts:
Sugars receiving direct export bounties
of 3.50 francs, 4.00 francs and' 4.50 francs
per 100 kilograms receive indirect boun
ties of 5.67 francs, 6.4S francs and 7.29
francs per 10*) kilograms, respectively.
The countervailing duties to be as
sessed on such sugars under the provis
ions of section 5 of the act of July 24,
1897, must therefore be equal to 9.17 francs.
10.48 francs and 11.79 francs per 100 kilo
grams, respectively.
This decision of the Treasury Depart
ment is fraught with the greatest im
portance, not only to the American man
ufacturers of sugar, but to the farmers
of California now engaged and about to
be engaged in the cultivation of the sugar
beet.
Admitted to Citizenship.
Martin Johnson, a native of Norway,
was admitted to citizenship yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven,
Johnson having sworn that he came to
the United States at the age of 16 years.
t he fao-simile jftf ,*&„ . TT 1 *" is on every wrapper
signature of (^ut^/ztuSs^t of CASTOKI2L
Auction Sales
EDWARDS, SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31-33 Sutter street.
Telephone Main ul^l.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY MARCH 22, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. tn. SHARP,
We Will Sell on the Premises,
Sso :m: a.r,k:et street,
Curner of Stockton Street,
THE FINE FURNITURE OF 56 ROOMS
Comprising Oak and Walnut Bedroom Suits,
Spring and Curled Hair Mattresses. Beddin*?,
20 FRENCH PLATE MANTEL MIRRORS,
Parlor Upholstery, Mirror-TWinr Wardrobe*.
Brussels Carpets, Lace Curtains, Parlor
Tables, Pictures. Chiffoniers. Lounges, *-tc.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneers. 31-33 Sutter street.
CRITICIZED
THE CRITICS
Dr. Curry Scores Those
Who Find Fault With
the Bible.
Ministers Who Do This, He
Says, Make Themselves
Ridiculous.
Rev. A. O. Stevens Reads a Paper on
Poetry— The Doings of the
Ministers.
The papers read before the ministers'
clubs yesterday morning were of more
than usual interest. Dr. Curry ad
dressed the Presbyterian ministers and
spoke eloquently and long." During his
remarks ho made the following asser
tions: "This is an age of critics, and
they have let themselves loose on the
Bible. I believe in scholarship and In a
thorough knowledge and careful study
of God's word and investigation of its
claims. But I do not believe there is jus
tice in any call for the destructive criti
cism that many who claim to be schol
ars of the ago are making upon God's
word. Many who are in the pulpits are
aping scholarship and so making them
selves ridiculous, leading many into
doubt and down to eternal mire."
The gentleman went on to tell of the
effect that the gospei would have on the
capital and labor question, and declared
that the Bible would be the great medi
ator.
The Congregationalists heard a very
entertaining paper composed by Rev. A.
O. Stevens of Oakland, entitled. "The
Value to the Preachers of Studies in
Poetry." He paid in part:
"We may doubtless assume that by
most of us the childish notion that
poetry is a form of literature designed to
please the ear, serving principally as a
means of recreation, has been outgrown.
"Good poetry will usually please the
ear; and poetry is often a means of re
creation, and as such is valuable to the
preacher. But I have in mind a more
serious purpose which poetry subserves,
and am very firmly convinced that the
great use of poetry is something other
than pleasure or recreation. For the
preacher poetry seems to me to possess a
peculiar value in helping him to appre
hend religious truth, and giving him fa
cility in its apt expression."
"What books ministers ought to have"
was the subject that Rev. J. Stephens
enlightened his brethren of the Method
ist church on at their meeting yesterday
morning. A great deal of discussion
arose over his paper and one minister
made the remark that he preferred the
"Arabian Nights" and "Robinson Cru
soe" to some of the English novels.
A paper causing a number of com
ments was also read before the Christian
ministers by Rev. W. A. Gardner on
"How-to got the greatest good from the
Lord's Supper at public worship." Near
ly everybody had views on this subject
Ihe greatest point discussed was wheth
er the communion should be given before
or after the sermon.
The Baptist ministers held an extreme
ly long session yesterday. The paper
read was on Calvinism, and was read by
Rev. J. Downie.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' John and Ada M. Hinkel to Anton C. John
son, lot on N line of Lombard street, SMCll'i
V.' ol Cough, \V 25 by N 13Z* MO. ' "
Jean IV. and Hevard E. Wright to John and
I?r.d3r';. A. lHi!ccon, lot on "\V line of Webster
street. 100 S of Filbert, S 25 by W 100; ?10
H. M. and Agnes E. Grant to Golden Rule
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot
on .\V line of Fillmore street, 50 S of Gr^en S
25 by \V 100; $10. " '
Arthur J. and Nellie E. Wheeler (minors')
(by J. G. Wheeler, guardian) fo Alice J.
bnhont, lot on N line of Twenty-hft.i street. US
W of Alabama, w 25 by n 104; $700.
Jessie <;. Wheeler to same, same, $700.
James F. and Mary E. Barry to Laura B.
Ponovan. lot on X line of Jersey street, 006 i
v in Diamond, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Samuel Breck to Angelette J. Br^jic, lot on
N line of Clay street, 137:10 E of Drumm E
41, N 115, W 2u:6, 3 55, \V 20:6, S CO; gilt. '
H. E. August Mehrtens *.> Ueclta Ai.-nrt-ns
lot on S line of California street, 20 W of
Leavenworth, W 20 by 57:6; also undivided half
of lot on Xff corner of California ana Leaven
worth streets, 25 by 75: gift.
Golden City Chemical Works to Cora J. Flood
and John W. Maokoy, lot on W corner of
Townsend and Seventh streets, SW 550 by NW
275; $10.
O. A. and Susan Lindsay to Mi-;h;i>l O'l-ea,
lot on SE corner of Arkansas and Mariposa
streets, S 102:6 by E 75: $900.
Solomon, Dora, Louis and Sarah Getz to Lulu
E. Fischer, lot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 100 S of X street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Charles E. Blake Sr. (incompetent)
(by Laura H. Blake, guardian) to Mary E.
Burke (wife of James D.), lot on S line of
Army street. 123 E of Precita avenue, S lS4:9 i
E 25. X 183:6%, W 23:0%; $500.
Laura 11. Blake (wife of Charles E.) to same,
same; $10.
Dents and Eliza Clarke to Mary J. Clarke,
subdivision 3 in lot 7, block 311, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association-
Sift.
Same to Eliza Jane Clarke, subdivision 1 In
lot 7, same; gift.
Same to Catherine Clarke, subdivision 2 in lot
7, same; gift.
Cornelia, Charlotte and Emily Hesselmeyer
to Henry T. Hesselmeyer, lot on X line of Bush
street. 87:6 E of Broderick, E 26 by N 137:6;
also plat in Lone Mountain Cemetery on E line
of Rose path, 44 N of Dell avenue, E 15 by N
13; also all interest in the estate of Dorothea
J. Hesselmeyer; also property, in outside coun
ties: gift.
Albert and Charlotta ■ Wilf ord to James F.
Breen, lot on SE corner of Beulah and Shrader
streets, E SI by S 2.".: $10.
Matthew V. and Marcella J. Brady to Henry
Johe. lot on W line of Hhrarter street, 100 S of
Bculah. 8 23 by W 131:3; $10.
Henry and Sophie Johe to George W. Hinkel,
lot on W line of Shrader street, 75 S of Beulah,
5 2."> by W 106:3; $10.
Walter T. and Mary E. Tobin to George H.
and Julia M. Thornton, lot on S line of Twen
ty-fourth street. 95 W of Guerrero, W 30 by S
50; $10.
Alexander Slesbuttel to Mary Slesbuttel, lot
on S line of Twenty-eighth street, 22S:S W of
Guerrero, W 25:8 by S 114: gift. . .
John lUley to Sarah Down, lot on NW corner
of ' Eighteenth and Douglass streets, W 45 by
X 110: $10.
Henry C. Killing to Daniel Einstein, lot on
N line of Twentieth street, 75 W of Eureka,
W 25 by N 75; $10. V;
Eugene Gesvret to Mary Gesvret, .undivided
3-10 of lot on S line of Bush street. SO \V of
Stockton. W 78, 557:6, W 39:6, S 30, E 60, S 50,
E 67:6, X 137:6: gift. • ■ „ '
Margaret Cough to John J. Coughlin, lot
on XW line of Howard street, 200 SW of First,
BW 25x85; •*■"•
John S. and Sophie Morgan to J. S. Morgan
6 Sons (a corporation), lot on SW line of Ritch
street. 137:6 'NW ..0f- Townsend. NW 22:11 by
SW SO; grant.
Charles Sutton Jr. to Henry Wadsworth, lot .
on E line of Harrison ' street, 50 S of. Solano, -
S 75 by E 124:3, quitclaim deed; $5. .■■.*.■
Joseph I. Lawless to Marten B. Joost, lot
on line of Vermont street, 341:8 S of Sierra,
S 23 by W 100; also lot on XW corner of So
noma and Carolina streets, X 33:4 by W 100; |
also lot on NW corner of:Napa and Kansas
streets, W 191 more or less, N 45% deg.. E 200.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer 602 Market Street,
Will Sell
I THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. March 24 and 25,
At 11 O'clock Each Day,
No. 19 Stockton St., Near Market,
: THE ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
, Contained In 151 rooms of the hotel known as
i the "European."
Don't miss this sale. All must be sold re-
j gardless of value.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
I-iarriware merchants and dealers In cutlery
and paints, please take notice that on March
29, at 11 a. m., on the premises, 1011 Broadw-y,
Oakland, I will sell at public auction (.he en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
1 Mi. Cashmore is going to the Klondike nn:ne-
: diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
; reserve or limit; sale positive.
M. GERMAN. Auctioneer.
B HSt deg., X 3S:fi, S 124:6, lots 1 to 9, frac-
tional block US; $10.
Willis H. and Katie C. Leighton to Nicholas
Wirtz. lot on N\V corner of Sonoma and De
Haro streets. \V 2S by N 100; $10.
William and l'auline Tsanfteld to Edward
; Archer, lot on N line of A street, 32:6 W of
Eighth avenue, W 23 by N 100; $10.
Alameda County.
Margaret Madden to Oeorge W. Austin, lot
on S line Of Twent '-second street. W 25 by
S 80:4. block H. Curtis and Williams' Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Mary A. Garvry to Thomas Garvey, re-re-
cord of 602 d 113, lot on NE corner Atlantic and
Willow streets. X 74:3 N 2"):7. being lot I.
block SOt, (iil.bons — «tertjr at Oakland Point,
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $1.
Frank M. and ROM H. Wilson to James So-
nus. n. Rasmus Huirup and Hasmine Pederson
fwife of H. N.), lot 14, block 5, Daley's Scenic
lark Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Louis H. and Lois V. Eggers to William H.
and Thomas R. Wauhub. undivided 1-6 inter-
est in 4W acres, being the -\ .v* \i. the NE «4
and SK 'i, section 32, township 4 S, range 1
E. Murray Township; $3.
James A. Webster to Harriet W. Griffith,
lots n> and SI. Capitol Homestead Association,
quitclaim deed. Knst Oakland; $4,">.
Harriet W. Griffith. Gertrude L. and Edward
B. Oonffir to J. M. Shannon, lots 80 to K3,
sanu'. l'.-i^t Oakland: $10.
|
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 21.
Schr Defender, Helllngsen, 4% days from
Grays Harbor.
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters, 3,4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Azalea. Fardelius, 3% days from Grays
Harfccr ■ :
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen, 4 days from Grays
: Harbor.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor. - ;■: ..-.■ ..-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 21— Stm Green
wood, for Port l-( a Angeles.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»li."» X FAR* V VT. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of Privats
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
skin Diseases, Thedoctorcurcswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cure«eusranlri>d. Call or write.
Dr. J. X ..li;i!(», Bex 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
■ Steamers leave Broadway
ftSsaxSfek. wharf, San Francisco:
Hnfrv^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
nJEyR March 2, 7, 12. 17, 22. 27, April
ga&£X« Hall 1- Transferred at Seattle.
EBfidt^Bll or Alaskan ports (from
*^^^^y^MB Spear street wharf), 10 a. m..
I March 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 28. 30.
™ Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
1 New "Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2. 7.
12, 17, 22, 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N. P. Ry-, at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
March 8, 9. 15, 21. 27, and every sixth day
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port ■ Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hii';neme,
San Pedro, East San -Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 6, 10, 14, 13, 22, M.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), n
i a. m.. March 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. and every
! fourth day thereafter.
I For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
' fabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
■ lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m., March 8.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aril Jinnrs of aniline.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street. •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. 4 N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
E4PP *'2 First Class Including Berth
rAttC jfr B econ d Class and Meals.
, SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2, 10, 18. 28
Columbia... Mar. 6, 14, 22. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALIi. PERKINS & CO..
•, Superintendents.
... ■'■'•■'.''
PMVfiMHf) The B. S. MOANA
rjEDlllCsnils via Honolulu and
I* Hi " r ™ aw Auckland for Sydney
y ™^_^ Wednesday, March 23.
§f|»mch|nj a s. s. zealandia.
Q^WlllijIIIU"- for HONOLULU only,
/nITIR3I?U* Wednesday. April 8,
IOHipQICq", p. m. special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN South Africa.
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freigth Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
;>. r .--~ French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North j^nt
River, foot of Morton. St. Travelers "CTITKr*
by this line avoid both transit by «' BKa
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
! the channel in a small boat. New York to
! Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $188;
second class $11S.
I LA CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE Apr 1 2, 10 a. m.
1 LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .....April 18
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATT.AN-
TIQT.E Asent.
' No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
a ye. , San Francisco. .
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
Normannia ..March 2* Columbia May 13
\ Victoria April 7 Normannia May 10
F. - Bismarck.. ..April 28 A. Victoria .....May 26
First Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $43 up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania. March 26 Patria April 23
Palatia April 9; Phoenicia May 7
Pretoria April IK Pennsylvania... May 14
Fir«t cabin, $60 up: 2d cabin. $40; steerage, $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Bron*f/ay. N. Y.
lIERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 3
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED bJf TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight '■ rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T.C.WALKER, . CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Irr.pt. Co.
FOR U. S.'NAVY*YARD AND VALLEJO.
:■, ■ Steamer ** ticello" •
Mon., Tues., v. cv., Thui.-,. ana' hat........
9:45 a. m., . 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2
, Telejhone. Red 2241. "
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer. Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily ' (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso. daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers
Fare between ' San Francisco ana Alviso 60c'
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street, Pier L ii Norui
First street. S-«» l™»
1112
WIND BLEW
SLOAN`S WAY
The Lilliputian Horseman
Was First on Five
Mounts.
Ed Corrigan Felt Aggrieved
at Pulling Down Only
Three Purses.
One of These Was the Occidental
Stake, Taken by Frank.
Ireland.
James Tod Sloan, formerly of America,
but later of England, gave a riding re
cital at Ingleside track yesterday, and
with one accord it was pronounced an un
qualified success. Sloan in his efforts
in the saddle was supported by a corp
of cheaper jockeys of more or less note.
Charley Thorpe, the Emeryville meteor,
was an absentee. Tod declined to mount
jn the opening event, but after that nis
number was more prominent than a po
liceman's star at a tough picnic. The di
minutive rider and Ed Corrigan, the mas
sive master of Hawthorne, held a jolli
fication at the conclusion of the sport, for
Corrigan won three of the events de
cided, including the Occidental stake, and !
Tod scored on five successive occasions.
It was reopening day at the local track
and there whs a fair gathering of the tal- j
ent present. The members of the ring '
feel sore: when it was all over, as every
favorite came tumbling in first heavily
backed, with the exception of Masoero.
The track was in excellent condition, but
the strong wind prevailing hindered the \
horses from making many inroads on the j
track records, though Briar Sweet did
break the rule by shattering the live-fur
long mark.
Sloan began his all-conquering career
astride the- latter filly, followed by
landing the $10w Occidental stake at four
and a half furlongs with Frank J^eland.
It was a selling affair, and the Corrigan
entry, entered to In- sold for $500, car
ried 98 pounds. The youngster was a
6 to 5 favorite in the betting, and catch- i
ing LJuviia Ventura, a 40 to 1 chance, after !
crossing the bar, won easily in 5534. The !
outsider took the place, driving from To-
Briar Sweet, the fast daughter of Sir
Modred, was banded about as the warm
one in the five-furlong .sprint, and she
more than fulfilled expectations. Backed
down from >■ to ii to <i to 5, she led her
company from the start, winning in romp
ing fashion from Bellieoso in 1:00%, set
ting a new track record. O'Connell was
a. close third.
Fur the iir^t event decided the erratic
performer, Masoero. was sent to the post
favorite, but Stevens managed to £et him
mixed up at the start, and though show-.
Ing speed was unplaced at th<_- end. Old
Tim Murphy, a :>A> to 1 chance, surprised the
crowd by leading th<- Held to the stretch,
where Gray on Mamie G. the second
choice, got through next the rail, win
ning by a scant half length. William
U'lS came fast, securing the show.
The mile event, in which Paul Gripps
and Buckwa looked the contenders, was
declared off. and a cheap Blx-furlong
filing run substituted. Corrigan's Queen
Nubia was backed down to even money
favoritism, and never left the result in
doubt. Sloan taking her out in front and
winning all the way. Stentor. cleverly
piloted by Johnny Woods, downed the ex
tensively played Break O'Day for the
place.
Corrigan's gelding Joe T'llman went to
the post at odds of 3 to 5 for the mile and
a furlong selling run, and the result
shewed the price to have been a most lib
eral one. lit galloped in front all the
way, winning in a jaunt by four lengths
in 1:55%. Fashion Plate managed to take
place honors from Rey del Tierra.
Tod Sloan scored his fifth win of thfi
day on the back of Dr. Marks in the final
mile selling run. The doctor issued from
the paddock a C to 3 favorite, and head-
Ing Ban Venado in the stretch, won clev
erly by a neck in l:4i >;; 4 . Don Luis was a
poor third.
TRACK NOTES.
Carrie Lyle, the full sister to Libertine,
owned and raced by Starter "Curly"
Brown, recently won a mile race at New
Orleans, backed down to 6 to 5 favor
itism.
The stable folks thought well of Rubi
con, emptying quite a package of coin into !
the ring on the chestnut horse to show.
He was slow to get in motion which mit
igated against his chances.
Phil Casey and ex-Alderman Dunne, the
renowned exponents of handball, visited
the track yesterday as guests of Ed Cor
ri«?an.
It doesn't seem to matter how slow the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-121st day of the
* Winter Meeting. Monday, March 21. 1898. Weather fine
Track fast.
*^Q # FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Fin.
729 Mamie G. 5 106 2
729 Tim Murphy, a 112 4
736 William 08, 5 110 7
7.4 Maaoero, 5 112J 8
752 Vengua, 5 in; i
nation, 5 n^, 5
plight, E 11l :;
n Fulano, a ii;> «
2 h
1 %
5 h
6 2
4 h
|
7 h
3 3
2 h
1 2*
6 »,i
4 2
5 h
7 h
8
3 3
3 1
1 2
5 h
4 2%
6 h
8
7 2
2 2^
4 2
1 1
5 %
3 '.
7%
6%
8
2 h
1 h i
2 1 1
3 M
4 h ;
5% :
6 4
7 3 1
_J j]
uray
Clawson
R. Narvaez..
Stevens
Maeklin
[Van Kuren...
6
15
10
3-2
4
20
3
4
7;
]
9-
1
K'onley
H. Martin....
Time. 1 ::•:•',. Winner, Caesar Young's blk. m. by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Anna Clay.
Good start. A\ on first three driving.
71.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
6f)7 Briar Sweet, 3 102| 2
(7JB) l-:«llicoso. 6 11l 4
(453) O'Conneil, a 108; 3
Calatine, 3 90 1
f><« Rubicon, a 111! 6
(757) Hurly Burly, :! 90] 3
1 2
:< 3
2 h
4 h
6
53
1 h
3 %Vz
2 VA
5 5
6
4 h
1 1
2 h
3 4
5 2
6
4 3
11%
2 IV4
34
4 %
5 6
' 6
IT. Sloan
H. Martin....
Maeklin
Gray
J. Narvaez. ..
IClawson
6-5
4
2
8
10
3
r™H im . e »VT 1:0< w" " VVIr y? er - W " B - Jennings & Co/s eh. f. by imp. Sir Modred-Sweet Brier.
72.
THIRD RACE— Four and a
$1000.
■; Occidental Stakes; value,
I n ■ i • x .
75* Frank Ireland 98, 2
Tfifi Buena Ventura BS 1
760 Toluca 96 3
(766) Sevens 95 4
760 Bonibel 9S 5
... Lavatur 102 ii
3%
1 %
5 50
4 4
2 1
6
2 1
1 %
5 30
4 2
3 h
6
2 1
1 %
5 30
3 1
4 1
6
3 3 i
4 6
G 50
6
T. Sloan
O'Connor ....
Gray
McNlehols ...
Clawson
H. Martin....
7- .
20
4
4
8
7-5
Time.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Riley-Mol. Good start. Won easily.
73. FOURTH RA CE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
;. Horses.
-
... Queen Nubia, 4 98 j
703 Stentor, 4 100 ]
223 Break o' Day, 4 106
745 Schnitz, 6 106
319 Zeune. 6 106
691 Viking. 4 105
702 Florimel. 4 9S.
710 Captain Raw, a 103
• 2
ij 3
i 7
111
i 5
n
i
...
1 n
6 1
3 1
4 h
7 10
6 h
2 n
8
1 3
4 %
2 h
5 2
6%
7 15
3 1%
8
1 3
3 1
2 1
6 2
6 1
7 20
4 1
8
1 2
2 1%
3%
4 4
5 h
6 3
7 15
8
\ Sloan
V'oods
'onley
tevens
6-5
15
2
6
40
20
20
1
30
8-5
12
100
40
10
'rawley
k Wilson....
'lawson
Btart' n^\nn I HVvf- X lv inn<r ' E- Corrigan ' 8 br - r - b y lm P- Calvados- Sister Warwick. "
Good
74. F^T,™ T }*? -° and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
" * • I'Ul JSP, J4U*J.
I;
(6^5) Joe I'llman, 4 112 1
689 Fashion Plate, 4...T4 2
756 R«y del Tierra, 4.. .102 1
750 Paul Pry, 6 106 8
790 Don Clarenclo, 4 102! 5
761 Sons and Dance, a.103i 7
672 Little- Cripple, a... .107' 3
1 2
3*
2 h
6 3
4 '.i
5 h
7
1 3
4 %
2 %
5 2
3 h
_6J4_
14 15
2h 2 h
42% 4 3
3 h 32
53 5 h
6 1 6 10
7 7
1 5
2 3
3 2
4 2
E I
68
7
1 4
2 1
3 4
4 5
5 1
6 3
7
'. Sloan
I. Martin
fray
1
3
3
6
20
10
10
3-5
9-2
5
30
60
20
50
lacklln
•'Connor
"lawson
)onley
Tl . me ' 1:65%. Winner. K. Corrigan's eh. g. by Rlley-Hattle Harris. Good start. Won
5.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
niiex.
(761) Dr. Marks 1031 1 2 h 2h 2 IVi IV. lnT Sloan I *-* n.in
431 San Venado 106 5 lh 1% 1V? 23- 2 7 ciawson n '""\ *lii "
762 Pon Luis 103 ! 2 3h 4h 41 3 2 33 H Martin 4 7-'
(759) Charles Le Bel 103 i 4 6 3 1 5 2 5 3 4 114 Gray IS 2
... FloronßO ............106 3 42 52 3h 43 5h Dorney' 10 12
761 Applejack 106 5 5*4 6 c 6 |_ MaVklln ' ".".-i: 12 60
Time, 1:42%. Winner, B. Schreiber*n b. g. by Sir Dlxon-Belle Palmer. Good start Won
all out.'
4-5 13-10
5 11-5
4 7-2
IS 40
10 12
12 6.)
races in which Veragua is a starter are
run of late, he manages to keep outside
of the money, after receding in the bet
ting.
Dick Clawson on Tim Murphy threw
the race away. Had he hugged the rail
instead of allowing Gray on Mamie G
to get through, the old roam sprinter
would have had his number hoisted on
top.
Joe Ullman was backed, off the boards
on the strength of a very fast workoui.
which was said to have ovsrshadowe-i a
trial made by Geyser.
The new rule at Ingleside of compel
ling the horses to line up against the bar
rier was put into effect yesterday. liar-
Ting one or two instances good starts
were accomplished with very slight de
lays.
Briar Sweet, the fast sister to Dr. Has
brouck, reduced the Ingleside record for
live furlongs from 1:01 to l:<X>V->, and she
could have done better. Unless the chest
nut lilly goes amiss there is trouble brew
injr for some of the Eastern division.
Jim Neil says he has done with the
horses for good. He will try the lighters
again. Jim is now manager for Hugh
Dougherty and is willing to match him
against any lliG-pounder on the coast for
a substantial side bet. Dougherty won
the championship of the Middle West in
the feather-weight class at Chicago dur
ing the World's Fair, and if no otner op
ponent shows up, he is willing to take
J_>al Hawkins on at 12S pounds.
Lavator by Salvator-Hot Spring, a
half-brother to Geyser, was well backed
to capture the two-year-old stake. After
opening up equal choice in the betting
with Frank Ireland, he receded to threes,
when a stiff play forced his odds down
to 11 to 5. He appeared to be green at
the starting gate and was virtually left
at the post.
Twenty bookmakers chalked up odds in
the betting ring and nearly every one of
them quit a heavy loser on the day.
Key del Tierra was heavily played for
the show and Fashion Plate for the
place. It was a rare sample of goud
"doping" on somebody's part.
The gossips are now trying to connect
another well-known light-weight riders
name with that of a certain heavy bet
tor, who sprang up meteor-like the last
three months. If it keeps on what a
good time there will be at the investi
gation to-morrow evening. If every book
maker is ruled off whose name is men
tioned in connection with the frauds sun
posed to have been existing, the betting
ring at Ingleside will probably be trans
tormed into a shooting gallery" next week
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race-Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; maidens.
-.V, Hern ita 115 766 Reina de Cuba.ll3
i">S£ n M^ USUne "H 742 Master 8uck.... 106
6J-' The Miller liv ... Sagunado .. us
,42Zacatusa 116 760 La Parasseuse,.loS
•■• bomber "5 756 Rio Chico 116
642 Don't Tell ill 766 Winifred 113
.11 Kngea .. 112 ... S an Ramon ....US
... Sweet Cakes ...Hi
Second Three-quarters of a mile: sell
ing.
763 Lone Princess.. 101 290 The Plutocrat... 106
76.. Judge Stouffer..lir. 738 R. Q. Ban 116
am T locl J 106 595 Newsgatherer ..103
4?oFig Leaf 101 544 Torpedo 103
>.) Mistral II 10« 720 Lodestar 103
(74." ) Yemen 106 664 Cavallo '.106
739 Cabrillo 109
Third Race— Six furlongs.
737 Glorian 118 (746)Midian 114
757 Fonsovannah ..114 635 Torsida 113
749 Lord Marmion. .114] 696 Hermoso 114
Fourth Race— One mile; selling.
632 All Smoke 107 632 Gallant 109
544 Queen Safle 103 128 Naranja ... 103
750 Outgo 109 736 Tula re 108
538 Atticus 105 740 Claudius 112
739 Walter J 112 747 Rafaela 1(B
100 Del Paso II 112 756 George Palmer.. MO
752 Lucky Star ....105 763 Metal re 103
Fifth Race— One mile.
762 Ballister 96' 721 Sadie Schwartz. S9
764 Oddson 99 (696)80nit0 M
701 Prince Tyrant.. 89 1 767 Won't Dance ..107
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling.
763 JlcFarlane 104 1 745 Robair 10S
666 Charles A 108 1 (761)Sutton 108
.47 Coda 1061 765 Meadow Lark... 108
715 Our Climate.... lo4; 558 Ha r. Thoburn...lll
750 Twinkle Twlnk.lo6l 762 Cromwell ill
681 Miss Lynah ....1021 762 Soniro 103
765 Benamela 1111 720 Devil's Dream.. 98
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Winifred, Engea, Zacatosa.
Second Race — Cabrillo, The Plutocrat, News
gatherer.
Third Race— Lord Marmion. Torsida, Fon
1 sovannah.
Fourth Race— Tulare, Naranja, Lucky Star.
Fifth Race— Won't Dance, Bonito, Oddson.
Sixth Race — Harry Thoburn, Mies Lynah,
Devil's Dream.
UNDUE INFLUENCE CHARGED.
The Children of Otis J. Preston Are
Fighting Over His Estate.
Before the estate of the late Otis J.
Preston, vice-president of the firm of
Preston & McKinnon and of the Shoal
water Bay Mill Company, is settled, a
large slice of it will be in the hands of
attorneys. Preston died on the 2d ult.,
leaving a valuable estate to be distrib
uted among his chi! Iren. About a year
ago Preston gave deeds to several valu
able pieces of property to his children
Evelyn E., Celestine R., William P.,
Otis J. Preston Jr., and Mrs. Florence
Marshutz. The other children. Ernest J.,
Denzil C. Preston and Mrs. Geraldine M.
Chamberlain, did not know of the trans
fer until after their father's death. Be
lieving that their father had been unduly
influenced by their brothers and sisters,
the three last named children of the de
ceased commenced suit yesterday to have
the gift deeds set aside. They charge that
THE SA?* FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
their father was, by deceitful process, in
duced to deed away the property, and
they now seek to have the transfer set
aside. It is not improbable that a con- |
test to the probating of the will of Pres
ton will be commenced within the next
fey weeks by the plaintiffs in the present
action. v ***.*
• ♦ ■
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
—^~
Eight Hour Cases. j
The cases of the Government vs. the i
John Kelso Company and the San Fran- !
cisco Bridge Company, charged with vio- j
lating the Federal eight-hour law in work
on the site of the proposed new post
office building, were submitted to United
States District Judge de Haven some j
time ago and a decision is expected at i
an early date. The defense is altogether I
technical, and goes to the validity of the !
act of Congress, and also as to the power I
of the court to punish a company on a i
criminal charge.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 'J:3O o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2.'26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING IVOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. a
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _JV_
EVENING. March 22, at 7:30 o'clock. jTlr
Second degree. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. /^r >
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M. a
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J%_
ING, March 22, at 7::;" o'clock, K. A.^SJf
degree. By order of the H. P. /^y\
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge, No. 144, P. and A. m
M.— Second degree THIS (TUESDAY* Mk
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 'Xjf
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /▼'
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., San j
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 28th day !
of March, 1898,' at the hour of 12 m., ;
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc- :
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the \
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. •. .
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18. 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market Bts. Please remember yours truly,
i IRDMM.
ST. GEORGE Halls, 317 Mason st. : halls for
terms; steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLIND
BULLEN .v- KEMLTND.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. V Ellis st., second floor, room 22.
LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage and cabinet
baths. 11l Geary St.
ALL persons having any bills against the firm
of SCHAKKKK & CO. will please present
them before Wednesday, March 23, 18yS, at
their office, EM <"lay st.
ALVINE HAI-L and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15V- Turk st. and 111S Market, rooms
15-16.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth St.. or 239 Third st.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny St., room 9.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye. : elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, IX9B. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTEO-FEMALE.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
working housekeeper; nest references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
i FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 3 years last place; city
j or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT nurse desires situation: 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A NO. 1 second girl, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN girl, Oakland, references of 7
years, wishes housework: is a first-class
cook. MRS. NORTON. 323 Slitter st.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper; city
or country; no triflers. Box 2788, Call office.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes situa-
tion in private American family; cooking and
light washing; no postal cards. 1539 Polk st.
AN old lady wants position as cook in board-
ing-house or hotel in city or country. Ad-
dress box 27*3, Call office.
GOOD cook, Protestant, with references, wishes
Position; city or country; $25. Box 2756, Call.
WANTED— A position in a bakery or candy
store. W/i Church aye., off Broadway.
WANTED— By respectable person, position as
working housekeeper; one or two children
preferred ; references. Box 2784, Call office.
RELIAP.LK woman would like a situation to
do housework by the week or day. Apply
503 Montgomery aye., room 3, from 10 until 4.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as nurse;
can take full charge of infant; city or coun-
try; references; wages $20. 613/4 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED German girl for down stairs
work and cooking; wages $25. Box 2785, Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework ana
plain cooking. 563 Mission St.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl to do
plain cooking and housework; wages $10 to
$12. 11.">'J Mission st.
DRESSMAKER, understands cutting and fit-
ting, wants work. 623 Howard St., off New
Montgomery.
COMPETENT woman wants situation at light
housework; is good cook and laundress: neat
and clean. Call for two days. 1231 Market
st., room 21.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position: 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work: good
appearance. Address box 2139. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to meet party going to
Alaska who would pay her expenses in ex-
change for services. Box 2791, ('all office.
REFINED German lady from New York would
like a position as companion or seamstress:
traveling preferred: good references. Address
E. A., box 2792, Call office.
PKOTESTANT young woman wishes position
to do light housework for elderly couple:
city or country. Please call or address 1102
Howard st.
REFINED German woman (widow) desires a
home In eood family; care of children or
light housekeeping; references given; good
home more of object than high wages. Ad-
dress with particulars for 3 days, box 2782,
Call office.
AN experienced cook wishes situation In
American or French family; city or country;
good references. 1020 Howard st.
GIRL, 15 years, wishes a situation to mind
baby and assist around: prefers to sleep at
home. Call 1053 Howard st.
YOUNG girl of refinement would be pleased
to obtain a position as companion, maid or
second girl: can do plain sewing. Address
W. L., box 2779, Call office.
FRENCH maid, speaks English, good hair-
dresser, milliner, needlewoman and packer,
would like to travel to Europe; good refer-
ences. Apply L. H.. 1231 Turk st.
HOTEL cook, good breadmaker. wants situa-
tion in country hotel. Address Cook, 514
Leavenworth st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, stylish draper and de-
slgner. thorough dressmaker, by the day
MiSS WARWICK, -:•,« Geary st.
REFINED German wishes position to care for
children. 1336 Polk st.
YOUNG girl fn rgeneral housework; German
preferred. 49 South Park.
SITUATIONS WAX.BD-C'onttnned.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st., telephone Main 5332,
furnishes best help of all nationalities.
THE question of the day— Where to obtain a
competent house servant. Try headquarters,
1018 Washington st., Oakland,
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper or
charge of furnished rooms or chamberwork.
Address box 2751. Call office.
AMERICAN \vom;in. good cook and house-
keeper, wishes a position with aged couple
or small family of two; best references; city
only. Box 2780, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, lately from New
York, wishes situation; good cook: can do
any kind of work; city or country'- 125 Sixth.
COMPETENT cook, will do washing and will
go a short distance in the country; has good
references; would like a situation. 345 Minna.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants any
kind of work, by day or week. Box 2769, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to do
light housework; wages $5. US Day st., be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted: widower
with children or lodging-house; understands
all branohes of housekeeping. 1005 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
sews 50 cents a day or $2 ■"• (l a week. Address
M. M.. box 2774, Call office.
SWEDISH woman with a child wishes position
as housekeeper or general housework: refer-
i encep. 1*35 Linden st., Oakland, Wednesday
or Thursday.
GERMAN girl, competent cook, wishes place
in first-class American family; city or
country; best of references. Box 2C24, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position for
any kind of light work; home more an object
than wages; reference. Address box 2797,Ca11.
YOUNG German girl wishes to do light house-
work in small Christian family. Apply 1321
Mason st.
YOUNG woman would like a position; is a
good housekeeper. Call or address 1203 Mar-
ket st., room !>B, second floor.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st., room 10.
NEAT, reliable woman desires situation light
housework with small private family. Ad-
dress box 2795, Call office.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth St.,
room 6.
AN American lady of refinement desires a po-
sition as traveling companion; first-class ref-
erences given. Address MRS. L., box 4SS,
Call office.
YOUNG Jewish girl, very recently from Ger-
many, of good family and well brought up,
seeks suitable employment. Address F. It,
box 20. Call office.
REFINED middle-aged German widow wishes
a place as housekeeper for elderly couple or
elderly gentleman. Box 2552, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like the care of a
few offices; references. Address M. M., 732S
Army st.
AN experienced Swedish nurse wishes situa-
tion as a child's nurse. 87H Capp st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as cook in a
Spanish or English family; prefer Spanish. 11
Dawson place.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
cock and general housework. 229 27th st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
SI9B Howard St., room 3.
COMPETENT young woman, good In composi-
tion, wishes position; private secretary or
confidential clerk; small salary. E. N., 960
Clay st., Oakland.
RBSPECTABLE colored woman wants a posi-
tion as a first-class conk in a private fam-
yy or small boarding-li"us.- I<>24 Jackson st.
Vi.lN'G lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. Ilu4 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
TOI SO lady wiahea situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth st. nn. 23.
ELEVENTH. 106— Bran, h office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese festab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. IiKADLEY .v CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm'i ' >:fne -liest help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanos>- employment office;
best help. 414',i OFairil st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't office: house
cleaning; tel. Grant s*. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
JAPANKSK Kmf.k.yn,. n: Bureau— Choice hel»;
tel. East 777. 805 (Jear. St.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122^4, O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
SWEDISH gardener and coachman wishes sit-
uation in private family; understands milk-
ing; best of reference. Box 2790. Call office.
RELIABLE, industrious, German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cows;
handy around the place; references; moder-
ate wages and a good home; Oakland or Ala
nieda. AddreM t»>x 27>7, Call office.
EXPERIENCED baker foreman wants a place
at once: references given. Address Baker,
309 Third St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, city or country, ref-
erences, wishes position. Box 2575, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position in private fam-
ily; understands the care of horses; can milk
and attend garden; references. Box 2771. Call.
WANTED- By a middle-aged man a position
as porter; reference given. Box 2777. Call.
RESPONSIBLE German or Scandinavian
couple for ranch; wife to cook, wash and
make butter; husband to milk, care for horses
and do general ranch work; wages $25; refer-
ences required; no objection to a child or two.
Address box 2773, Call office.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no children,
wants work in country shop. Box 2772, Call.
ANY kind of employment wanted by a reliable
man. Address A. R., 914 Sixteenth St., rear,
Oakland.
YOUNG man 2S years of age, resident of New
York City, wants position as manager or
salesman for mercantile house or corpora-
tion to represent same in New York; quali-
fied by education and practical experience;
references and bond. Address J. G. GOULD,
18 West 103 d st.. New York.
STATIONARY engineer wishes a position; city
or country. Address A. L., 366 Eleventh st.
MAN with practical business experience, full
command of English and German, wants em-
ployment as salesman, assistant bookkeeper
or in any other mercantile capacity. Ad-
dress box 2O'J4, Call office.
POSITION wanted as manager or foreman; ex-
perienced in fruit, flowers and vegetables;
first-class references. Box 2092. Call otttce.
JAPANESE wishes situation as first-class cook
in a family; city or country. J. A., box 10,
Call office.
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind;
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2527, Call Office.
YOUNG man would do light work of any kind
for board, room and small remuneration; ref-
erences. J. D.. box 2812, Call Office.
POSITION as blacksmith; first-class horse-
shoer and can do woodwork. G. C. L. T.,
Fruitvale Postoffice, Cal.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman; under-
stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper: both first-class refer-
ences. Address postoffice box 125, Livermore,
Cal.
SITUATION wanted by an accomplished physi-
cian; willing to travel as private secretary.
E. V., box , Call office.
MAN and wife wish work in hotel: wife to do
general work, chambermaid and waitress,
man as bartender or night clerk; 10 years' ex-
perience; reference. Address A. L., general
Postofflce, Alameda.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
references furnished. Address box 14, Call.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent in every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist, well-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and prunin,;
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to rais !
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position as
working foreman on orchard or new to start
orchard; single, sober, reliable man, 45 years
old: references. Address Orchardist, box 2131,
Call office.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references, -w ., box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to Jl 50 night; $1 TO to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and racgage to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WOMAN to do cooking, etc., small mining
boarding house, $25; girls for housework,
country. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
SWEDISH cook. $25; German housegirl. $20;
Irish houseglrl, $25: second girl. $20; young
girl, $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
COOK, student boarding-house, $35. MRS.
NORTON, 32i{ Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
wages $13. 1928 A Golden Gate aye.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; German preferred. 1830 Eddy st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
IRISH girl, plain laundry work, private fam-
_Hy, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook, $2»; 2 German or French sec-
ond girls, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
PHUTKSTAXT k. Institution, W, Swedish
second girl, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter at.
MONTHLY nurse, hospital, good wages. MISS
CDLLtIM, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, $25 and $20, Oakland.
MISS CULLEN, 32:> Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL, care of one child. $12; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Setter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $35; 2 second girls,
$20 each; an Irish girl as cook, $30; 20 house-
work girls, $10 to $30. city and country. MISS
CULLEN, us Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $15, easy place. Girls looking
for (irst-class situations can be suited by
_calling on MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUBEWORK, i in family, $15; Irish girl
preferred, miss i.TLLE.V, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CtTLLEN, 325
Sutter st.
REFINED German second* girl and nurse, $15,
fttte _paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Xapa, $20: smali boarding-house. MISS
CLLLEN, 325 Batter st.
NEAT girl assist housework. $10 to $15^ MISS
CPLLEN, 32E Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child $15. ranch work. MISS
<'l LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25.
MISS CUUUEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook for Yuna City, seeparty here, $20
and tare paid; Swiss or German woman for
ranch near city, $20; ranch cook for Collins-
ville, $20; cook for mines. 2 in family, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for an institution. $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
2 GIRLS for housework, $25; 6 girls for house-
work, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary.
WAITRESS for San Jose. $20; waitress for
small boarding house, $15; 3 waitresses for
Redondo Beach, $20; 3 waitresses for a first-
class water report, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
WAITRESS for Truckee. $20 and fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
3 GERMAN cooks, $30, $25. MRS. LAMBERT^
417 Powell st.
2 GERMAN second girls, $25, $20: Irish second
girl, some wash, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 417
Powell st.
5 GIRLS, general housework. $25, $20; 6 girls,
housework, $15. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
INFANTS nurse, not over 35 years, $25. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
OFFICE fee 25c less: girls of all nationalities,
to fill various position*. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS French nurse. $23; nurse, Oak-
land. $20; cook and second girl, same house,
$25 each; chambermaid, plain sewing, $L'i>; j
cooks, German families, $25 and $30; ironer
in laundry, $25, and more than 50 girls for
cooking and housework. J. P. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer. $15: tailoress. $2: 2
ticket-sellers: stenographers and milliners:
millinery saleslady. $15: stenographer and
typewriter, $25; orders in order just as re-
ceived to-day: ladies' department now under
new management. 313 Bush st.
2 FIRST-CLASS trimmers, $75 and $S0; 2 young
ladies, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush st.
SELECT Ladies' Clerks' Exchange; strictly
confidential in its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 1018 Wash-
ington st., Oakland.
GIRLS wanted for desirable families; wages
$25 to J2O. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park St.,
Alameda.
COMPETENT girl for second work and wait-
ing, also family mending: 1 hour's ride from
City; prefer Swede, German, Dane or Nor-
wegian; wages $20; good references required.
Address box SOS, Palo Alto, Cal.
GIKL. general housework, plain cooking,
American family, 4 adults; $15. Call morn-
ing. 171$ Baker st.
STRONG Kirl, assist general housework; $12. 45
Liberty st.
GIRL for general housework: small German
family; wages $15. 3401 Geary, cor. Johnson.
I'AN'TKD — Girl to cook and do housework for
family of 4; must be neat and know how to
cook well. Call 2705 Buchanan st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply
at BM California st.
WANTED— Young girl in store. 256 Third s(.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear: a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36'- Fre-
mont st.
COMPETENT Swedtsh or German girl for
i king and general housework. Apply at
l-- 1 1' Laguna st., near Pine, from 9to 11.
WANTED German it Scandinavian girl in
American family of 2; no washing: wages
US. 2215 California st., from 10 until 2.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1413
Scott St., near Geary.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wages $12. 353-"> Army St., near Church.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
17 New Montgomery St., under Grand Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS starch ironers at wages $1 50
upward. St. Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth
and Folsom sts.
YOUNG girl to do general housework and cook-
ing; references. i:.i2 Octavla st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking, at 321
Bartlett st.. between 24th and 25th.
TOUNQ crirl to assist with housework. 357 San
Jose aye.
WANTED— A girl for housework. 2016 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— GirI piano player. Apply at 501
Post st.
GIRL for down stairs work; understands cook-
ing. 1130 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Experienced and fast finishers on
fine coats. Apply 516 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; fam-
ily of two people. 331 Hayes st.
V* A NTED— Middle-aged woman or girl; Ger-
man or Swiss; light housework. 1729 San
Bruno road.
SECOND girl, $20: cook for family of three, $25;
girl to assist, $12. 631 Larkin st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladies for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market St..
SALESLADIES who have experience in sell-
ing ladies' underwear, children's wear, mil-
linery and cloaks: none need apply with-
out thorough experience. Apply at M 0 Mar-
ket st.. between 4:30 and 6 p. m.
YOUNG girl for general housework; refer-
ences; 3 in family. 1519 Vallejo st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. 143 Bartlett st.
GIRL wanted for general housework at S.
MA NTYN BAND'S, 139 Larkin st. ______
WOMAN, under 25. light housekeeping; $8
monthly: one in family. Box 2051, Call office.
A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes. M.
SIMINOFF, 1228 Market st.
WANTED- Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Poet.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
$150 week. 142 Seventh: central.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. -DAVIS. 32% Fremont st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
st.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
387 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions ami ads taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
WANTED— Painter for institution, $25 and
found; indoor servant, must wait on table,
$30; second butler. English or French, $30;
kitchen boy, private family, $20; broiler for
hotel, $55; cook, small family, country, $30;
second cook, |S0; waiter. $30; night cook,
oyster house. $50; pantry boy, $15: dishwasher,
$20. etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, $60 and board, see bogs at
our office; 15 woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord; tie-
makers for Mendocino County, Sc and 10c,
boss here: choreboy, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
3 WAITERS for a mining boarding-house, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary St.
HOTEL men wishing to invest— We have some
excellent propositions to offer. C. R. H\N-
BSN & CO., 10S Geary St.
COOK, country hotel, $40; cook, country res-
taurant, $40 and room. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
3 WAITERS, country hotel. $35 and free fare;
4 waiters, north, $i 0; waiter, hotel north, $25,
restaurant south, $25 and room ; 4 waiters, $10
a week; camp waiter. $25: colored waiter, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
2 IRONERS, steam laundries. $30 and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
IYHEELWRIGHT; one that understands run-
ning machinery and an all-around black-
smith's helper. Address or call on BEMEN'T
& WILSON, Redwood City.
HELP WAS. Continued.
BAKER for a country hotel: tailor, country
shop; waiter, sporting place. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
I 395 men to cut 4-foot wood, $1 25. $1. 70c cord
for different parts of California; 363 tie
. makers, Sc, 9c, 10c, lie each; 5 laborers, $1 50
to $1 75 day to build roads in wood. etc. ; 56
shingle and shake bolt makers, $1 50 cord; 3
milkers, $20. $25; 10 farm, orchard and vine-
' yard hands, $25, $20 and $15, for different
parts of California: farmer, handy with car-
penters' toolst 3 ehoremen for ranches, $20;
25 laborers for pick and shovel work; 3 more
gravel miners, $2 50 day; machinest, city,
$2 75 day; farmer and wife, south. MUR-
RAY _ READY, leading employment
agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
EMPLOYERS of Help
Please send us your orders for male and
female help of every description and na-
tionality "except Chinese and Japs." We
will promptly supply you with the very best
experienced and reliable help without
"trouble or expense" to you, the employer.
MURRAY & READY. leading employment
agents, 634 and 636 Clay St. Telephone Maine
■ 6848,
BARTENDER, waiter and night clerk, com-
bination man, $25 and found, for a country
hotel; 5 waiters, $25 and $20, different places:
camp waiter, $20 ; colored bell boy, city; boy
to learn baking trade, $3 week, city; 7 cooks
for different places, $35,' $45. $5.0 and $25:
camp cook, city. $30 and found; cook for 5
men, $IC. MURRAY & READY, leading em-
ployment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DRIVER for a butcher's wagon, city job. C.er-
man. $25 and round and increase. MUR-
RAY & READY, leading employment agents,
634 and 626 <"lay st.
WANTED— Cook for coffee and chop house. $14
week; baker, country bakery. New England
style, $10 and found; oysterman, $8 week; 2
waiters, $30 and $40; cook and wife, country
hotel. $50; night cook, country-, $30; and other
kitchen help. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butter maker. see boss here:
miner, $2 and board; driver for milk wagon:
10 laborers for mill and woods, $20 and $26;
choppers, $40; men to get out railroad ties;
10 laborers for city. $1 75 day; farm foreman
and wife, nice place, $50. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
54 ORDERS booked for competent help in male
department this month. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to run ranch on shares; elec-
troplater; machinist. 313 Bush st.
TRAVELING hardware specialty sa.esman; in-
terview to-day; excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 PER month— Office partner; active and
energetic; exceptional opportunity. "13 Bush.
SECOND cook. $30; waiter, $25; country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED paper-mat cutter. STUPAR-
ICH MANUFACTURING CO., 533 Market st.
WANTED— Boy to learn trade. STUPARICH
MANUFACTURING CO., :.l>3 Market, 9 a. m.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart St.
WANTED— A first-class coat maker on fine
work. 32 Hunt St., cor. Third st.
WANTED— Dentist at once; must be an all-
around man. Address or call at 31 Taylor
St., room 19.
WAITER wanted at 122 Fifth st.
WANTED — Dishwasher; young boy or man.
32 Sixth st.
BARBER WANTED for two-chair location.
21024 Howard st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third street.
BOOTBLACK for barber-shop and to clean !
bathrooms. 12" Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job. 148 Fifth
street.
WANTED— A first-class pressman on pants.
742 Howard st., rear.
i
BARBER wanted. 1 Ellis st., basement.
WANTED— Good second cook. Call 50 Third
street.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats; steady
work. 291 Natoma st.
HOTEL porter, $25. country: Dell boy; furni-
ture van driver, experienced. 1023 Market st.
YOUNG man, office cashier; Al winemaker:
machinist. 1023 Market st.
COOK and dishwasher wanted at 626 Sacra-
mento st.
BARBER shop with steady trade in good lo-
cation; rent $9 month; a great bargain; make
offer. <".ill at 681 Geary st.
WANTED— Men and women : work home; I pay
$S to $16 a week for making crayon portrait. ;
new patent method: any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist. Tyrone, Pa.
PIPE chippers and caiKers wanted: work on
wrought iron water pipe; 4 months' steady
work. Apply Howard st. entrance Risdon
Iron Works.
WANTED — Young man for seneral work: short
distance in country: state age, habits, quali-
fications, etc. ; wages $lj>, board and lodging.
Q., box 1, Call Office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United -States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting offlc«. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— No. 1 watchmaker. Inquire 39 N.
•El Dorado St.. Stockton.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th: tel. South 628.
BARBER-SHOP; $200; 2 chairs, 3 living-rooms;
rent $20. 321 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
WANTED — An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply -623 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
GOOD canvasser wanted — 9. Geary St., room 2.
iARBEKS* Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
ruCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 »hird it. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764' i Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms: 2
nights 23c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
MEN to learii barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to fl
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and fl
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 56314 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c per nisht: fl to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: ?1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS for "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Willard" ; published under the
auspices and indorsed by the W. C. T. U. ;
the only official book; prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard'o secretary;
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn st., Chicago. 111.
PARTNERS WANTED.
A BARGAIN— a partner in good saloon
in center of city; $150 cash. Address 431 Bush.
WANTED— Partner: good business; call ana
investigate. 256 Third st.
PARTY with $100; gilt-edge proposition- suit-
able for lady; Investigate. Box 2821. Call.
PARTNER wanted with $4000 in a first-cla3s
family hotel. . Box 2071, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED. ~~
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davl»"l.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
FAMILY four adultsTTlavinT^m^is^d"iwusT
want party to occupy spare rooms and to
board them. Address ATHOS. box 2706. Call.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
HORSE 1000 lbs., \ for a~^a7TT^OTing^broke"-
cheap. 223 Fair Oaks st. J Bl DroKe »
0 !^ b^29, nßiuff?^an Biuff?^al gaBoUne
WANTED— IOO goius for feeding the animalsT
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city. — •«»-
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third
_ PHYSICIANS. ~
DR.C. C. O' DON NELL, office and residence
1206 Market; diseases of, women a specialty.
FERSONALS^
resident at 2434 Mi on h e s not responsible
lie that since -°*Z"*ted by his wife.
ftT&A: b who C desert C ed him the 12th of
March, B». _____ — „.„«:
W.XNTKI.-Inforn.ation of -^reabouts HA^S
SfS| __ IKS*)* Ada.
Minn. . . . — •
GRACE.
N,.' K you^ar .wishes the aca-intance^f
a young or middle-aged day w r«, address
Sy^'^cJ^Er^ket^t.. room 23.
MATRIMONIAL^^
___.«*__« •-«>•■■* F_?|s £
March "Wedding Bell"; 1G Q£* c V ra _ciV.*o
quired. Editor. 11l Kills St.. San^ranci.-^o.
__^_JBUSINKSSJPERSO^^^^
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties: it never falls to relieve 1n t one day. no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the pr«rtP
tion will be sent free with every £_ o *,aer.
after which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents: by send ng J- in Zc
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours. 10 to 4 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. »_ Geary si..
San Francisco. .
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass ,x 9 inches,
10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16 -oc,
14x17. 25c; 16x20. 30c; ISx22. ■'■■•<■■■ 20x24, 4oc. --X
2S. 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c; rm. mold \-
ing.all colors.lc ft;open eve. .Tones.s4. Mission
COME into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service.
25c only; good switches. $1; best, finest qual-
ity, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic Is, in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 pc- night; $1 50 to $« per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made la
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. F.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L..
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. _
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses made over, fi Eddy st.. rm.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 60c,
gentsSl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna Bt.^
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
Kc. 3.7 Fifth >t. .
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 215 Kearny St., room
2: mind-reader and palmist.
MME. LE NORMANDBS, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwh.
MME. MOREAU, beat me, limn and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 7:; Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123 ft Sixth st.. room 14.
MISS PEARt. HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. XSOft Geary st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 9ZH£ Mission; German spokea.
MISS HELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st.. room 10.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; _ 25c; G., .">oc; no sign. 3 7th.
JIMK. RAVEN'A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2S ■ up. 5 Fourth st.
I MRsTISr. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never fails; advice: help. ri2f> Post.
MME. BVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 25c. -.41 Geary st.
CHEAPFST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postaga
free.
SPIRI'I'LALISM.
COME early to-night to 997 Market st. and hoar
Professor Gee with his astonishing spiritual
test; 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing so- j
ance: Tuesday evening: 50c. 322 O'Farrell st. J
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister; flm- music.
C. V. MILLER'S etherializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. FULTON, Tuley, materializing seance
to-night; 50c: sitting. in 13 Geary st.
CIRCLE to-night, S o'clock, 112U Oak. Mayo
Steers, Thursday 2 p. m. ; r.-udinss, $1.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent elate-writing me-
dium. US Halght st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Lu.i.
W.int ads nnd subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera^
peutics: private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. '-. TI'RMA.V. Sec.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, prlYkCjr, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent: call or write: free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
M<-Alli*ter st.; rills, $L>.
ALL. monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled: 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femala
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny: orders by telegram.
LADIES, Chichester'a English Pennyroyal Plll»
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable: takfl
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies." letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chk-hester Chemical Co., Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at of-
fice. $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR
AND MRS. KOHL. 111S Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Dries
tl 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies: 3S years' experience. 254 Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in- confinement: diseases . of women!
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda. ■
•15 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
neriptior.s nnrt want ads ■ taken.
«, HOO.IS WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms: small family; West.
f, rn ,, A<^ itlon; norlh of McAllister. Box 2020,
* - Jin oiricc ■ - . ■ . ■ ■ - v j ■-■ . _
HOUSES WANTED. ~
*£S^P2^« unfurnished sunny house foi
rent, I or 8 rooms, between Webster and
Jones and California and Geary Add reSk
stating terms, A. H.. p. O. box 2534/ Cts?*BP__T___ CHANCES.
BAKERY «^ nd confectionery-, established for
the last o0 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness, only first-class cash customers: no' low
Prices; the best location in this city; living
rooms; rent .'° C. buyers given a trial; no
better lace L in the market; investigate; you
will find a bargain. WILKE. 783 Market st.
?: 25— p ARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market st.; doing first-class paying business;
-m v? nance for good man. Inquire. WlLKE,
it 3 Market et.
A— slsoo; old-established saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE. 753
Market st.
A— s7so; OLD established restaurant, 1 block
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; Investigate soon. WILKE. 783 Market.
A— s4so; CORNER saloon on San Bruno road
with 3 living rooms; rent' s2o; good . paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE
753 Market st.
$200— CORNER saloon; down town; in vicinity
of the wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent trade; good fixtures. M. LESS
ii» Market' st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant: central; owner tired of unreliable
M.'LEVtM' Market % itabt * -** APP ' y
$1760— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among
wholesale houses; value of stock fully $2000-
business speaks for Itself; full investigation!
an A3 proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS,
.6; Market st. _■ •
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22% Geary
• Investigate our new list of bargains;
!i___^SK_ nt dining-room; 30 steady boarders.
&s!«♦ tu-e Parlor £ nd bread bakery; central.
100- Stationery, school supplies; near school.
«;?~^ lgrars; dally receipts $10; snap
Pressmaking and tailoring; clears $100.
!V,!s~w eal market; $2000 monthly; cheap rent.
Home restaurant; $500. French rest'nt.
;»fST C . r grocery and bar: living rooms.
«-"-£—» .IV 2 " acre nursery under glass.
Bookbindery and blank-book manf'ry.
Hundreds of other bargains; investigate.
■ knp.u grocery and bar; a bargain.
gW— Grocery and bar; best corner In city.
Very nice cigar-store: good location.
I. ranch bakery and notions; paying well.
A.IBO several saloons and restaurants.
_ At ANDERSON _ CO.'P, 777 Market st.
FOR Bale— An established nursery; nearly 2
acres of land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants; good
business chance for the right man. Apply to
A M SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
WANTED— Good tenants for Market, Ellis and
1 .well st. stores; cheap. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market Kt.
$200— PARTNER in city-front saloon; steady
man required. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., SO
Kearny St.
$O<Xi — SALOON; bargain; departure cause of
sale. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 23 Kearr.y st.
$150 INVESTED actually earns 35 per cent
weekly profits; rare chance; no stock or
Klondike scheme; safe enterprise; control
capital yourself. D. SLOA.NE, 110 St. Paul
st., Baltimore Md.
$.t»O— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week; no experience required; trial given.
7244 Market St., room 17.
I WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, stock,
fittings, utensils and pianoforte. 130 Seventh
bt., near new Postofflce site; no agents.
FAMILY liquor store; well stocked; splendid
location; good trade; low rent; excellent
chance for right party; a bargain. Inquir*.
235 Third st.
■ ED— A man with $2M t» (500; one of the
best paying businesses in the city; investi-
gate to-day. Box 2031. Call office.
A GOOD home restaurant for sale, suitable for
man and wife; party going to Klondike. Ap-
ply 23 Keurny st.
BLACKSMITH shop, above Ocean View, on
the electric road; good business; owner sick.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale;
a sacrifice at $17fi. 155 Eleventh st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; first-class trade;
good location. 1089 Howard st.
BUTCHERS" fixtur-<. complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st.
Ft iR sale^ — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. U6S POUOOI st.
WANTED— Partner in well paying restaurant.
Apply 23 Kearny st.
$275 BUYS the nicest central located restaur- i
clours $firj month. 106 Geary st.
$4'X1 — CICaR stove, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st., above Seventh.
: Well established custom trade shoa store;
good repairing. 41C1' Nineteenth st., near
Castro. I
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and see owner, 22S Brarnan st.
RESTAURANT for sale at 136 Second et.
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years;
good trade; 6 rooms; rent $15. 1913 Howard.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock: situated on Boul-
% ('.in Island. San Joaquin County. For further
; Information inquire of H. VOORMAN, 50«
.lattery St., San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bouldtn Island.
RARE chance, for cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking establishment in
this city; transaction absolutely trustworthy;
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box 2C93, Call office. *
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop and cigar
Ftand Western Addition, for sale at once on
account of sickness; call between 1 and 2:30
o'clock at 72& C Clementina at. S. W. MAR-
SHALL. _ ■ '■
FOR sale, account of sickness, first-class sa-
loon; open for years; price very low. FER-
RARI & CANEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
62S VaUejo et.
$300 — OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery. - news
and cigar-etore for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
Call branch. 621 McAllister Bt.
FIRST-CLASS 1-chair barber shop: 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20- 2 fine basements, off Market st., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
GOOD bakery with outside route; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar for sale cheap;
kept by the present owner a long time; now
retiring. Box 2099. Call office. ' .
GROCERY and bar; fine corner; established
for years. BIG Market McLEOUD & HATZE.
FIRST-CLASS cigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L.. box 20, this office.
FOR sale— Bakery, candy and notion store. In-
quire at 1601 Mason st. . ■
VERY cheap; fancy goods store, with 3 living-
rooms. 1417 Polk st. •
COUNTRY call route for sale. Apply Call
office. __
WANTED— Partner saloon; open day and night
for 60 years. 650 Sacramento st., northeast
corner of Kearny. -
BRANCH bakery and notion store: re-
1 celptß. $4 to $7 day; 3 living rs. 3012 Sixteenth.
' SHOE store; ' well-established custom trade.
"~ Apply Call branch office, 339 Hayes st.
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 434 Pacific st.
FOR eale— One of the beat bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk St.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents: established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
Pr iRTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied f rom i ' GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' S. 415 Sacramento rt. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ■ •
CAII E ciTbamso.
e^iYF^te^Tc^rT-et-cleanlnK > v (. k .^. s cl^ a " s '
moves, lays carpets. G H. STEVENS. J Igr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 200.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINU-S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.;. tel. So. 40.
( WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Cttrpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter;
tel. Main 394. GEO A -P.M.. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 1 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern ~ Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpetlcieanlmr Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. , 333 Golden
«;.-it.- av«-. : t-l. East 12fl. _—
~~~~ LLtAL NOTICES.^^
'ITT and County Treasury, San Francisco,
March 16, I£9S— ln compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISM,
there will be sold at public auction by E. 8.
Spear & Co.". at their Baleßrooni3, 31 and -3
Sutt»* street, on ; -
I ' MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1838. -
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an Inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of - Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols knives, etc.; also a lot of trunk.", valises,
clothing etc., property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city, and
county. Open for inspection on morning, of
tale A. C. WII.BKK.
; . City and County Treasurer.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
two g.md packers and general camp men
would fip under contract with inexperienced
parties to Alaska. A. ld. Trail, 221 Minna st.
WANTED— First-class parties to Join party
to the Klondike; newly discovered district;
ii" charges to join. Box 8199, Call office.
B_ Jotelng Lewis' expedition the KiondTke
country can be reached for one-half- new
route; number limited: investigate this. Room
jgt Wife Deposit building.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. fiBAKBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
DOGS, large long-haired, suitable f..r Klon-
dike; a bargain, $20. 130 Seventh St.
LAUGH long-haired dog; suitable tor Alaska;
a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
GOOD strong dogp, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 123S Fillmore St.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
BXONDIKK dogs: alsn limit Danps and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard, 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-41S Jackson St.
DOGS for Klondike: -three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Paclflc st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
I OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGIM. HOUSES FOR SALE.
Kl;i:i>n ,v (ii., successful brokers, 221_ Geary.
Loans made on furniture.
4s rooms; best in city $2,000
J6 rooms; Market; a give away 4.'.rt
13 rooms; all housekeeping; make offer.. 700
2" rooms, near new i. O.; a *>nap 575
17 rooms, near Plaza; always full 6T>O
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
s 14 rooms; Golden Gate; Bnap 400
U rooms; Market; boarding; clears $75 675
U rooms; Ninth; clears *iO,; bonanza 400
10 rooms; Kliis; new andgood SOO
s rooms; Leaven worth; nice house 275
7 rooms: Market: offlOM pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
110-ROOM house; clears $350 $6500 |
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, on O'Farrell; clears $50 500
11-room house; sunny corner; fine .V 500
26 rooms; new and good 800 1
:-:<3 rooms, on Mission 1000 i
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2SOO ;
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
14 ROOMS, Sutter St.: offices 1490
25 rooms, rent $75: part cash 800 !
23 rooms; $300 cash, . balance payments... 450 !
26 rooms, rent $55; new; payments... 1450
43 rooms, rent $100; clears $125 1600 j
25 rooms; Powell st.; new: .£5OO
22 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90 1500
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
WANTED— Tenant for vacant 28- room house;
cheap rent. 24 Turk St., or SPECK _ CO.
GOOD transient house for sale; no reasonable
offer* refused. Box 2095. Call office.
$200— ROOM house; all full; must be sold;
sickness. 320 Minna st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S Til AT V YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
1 have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with (
every dollar I have. As I own my own build- i
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also i
back this instrument with $2,000,000. this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is &26 Hayes st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains >
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy \
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter i
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway, Oakland. • I
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos— j
Ronisch $125 :
Matnusek -. 150.
Augustus Baus & Co 200 j
Cameron 250 i
Byron Mauzy 300 ;
' BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 308-312 Post St. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house j
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, '
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs |
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. <- - 1
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70 i
One Fischer piano 80 j
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CL'RTAZ_^ SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos and the lowest prices are
offered by the Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769
Market st. ; agents for the celebrated Decker
& Son pianos.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby. Evans.
Brigg-s and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post et.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 733 Market st.
HARDMAN, Chase Bros., Stelnway and oth-
ers; slightly used; great bargains. Room 12,
Flood building. _________
PIANOFORTE, a bargain, square grand, cost
$200; will 9HI for $CO. 130 Seventh st.
UPRIGHT piano for sale; good condition;
cheap for cash. 915 Post st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented Euccess. 21S Post st.
$125 — FINE upright; great bargain. 1« McAllis-
ter St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
IGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KX\BE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 13S Ellis.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN, 137 Beals St.
LENS 5x7. 11l A Zelss anastigmat with I! &
L. diaphragm shutter; in perfect order;
cheap. R 45, 530 California st.
TWO fine Jersey milch cows for sale. Apply at
stable, 523 Minna st., above Sixth.
ONLY $10; new eloctropoise oxygen cure. Ad-
dress box 2759. Call office.
_FOR sale— A fine skiff and. hunting dog. In-
* quire 8 Hawthorne st., city. ( .■
FOR SALE — Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE, Architects, 55 Flood building. ■ .
A SMITH Premier Typewriter, nearly new. Ad-
dress box 2805. Call Office.
WINDMILL, pump and tank; 8000 gallons;
cheap. 2136 Fifteenth St.. near Market.
FOR SALE— Two fresh calved cows. Apply 115
VickEburg St., bet. 23d and 24th. '
BARGAIN— Soda fountain, ' $150; ■• originally
$700. Apply 813 Diamond St., between Jer-
sey and . Twenty-fourth. • • - .- ,
GAS engine, 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4:
centrifugal pump; engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074, Call.
LAUNDRY, machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. '
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st. , .'./ - -
BARS back bars, mirrors," showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. .J. NOON AN. 101M019-1021-1021
Mission st., above Sixth.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse,
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR: CO.. San Francisco.
I ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belt* ■ and
\ pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES--Bargalns In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, _ per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
615 LARKlN— Branch 'of flee of The Call: ■*üb-
_ eciiptlonp and want ids taken. -
MACHINES.
ML kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
-: repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. v
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought,, sold :
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st:: phone Mint 45.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE Iree: divorce laws specialty; ' private;
no fee without : success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, * damages, mort-
eages, copartnership, blllH-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, SCO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: Bno - charge unless j successful. .
W. - W. -■ DAVIDSON. • 927 Market st. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
.HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery.
CLIPPER, 74— House of 5 rooms and bath an 4
stable; $15. '
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 rooms; $45.
727 Ashbury St.
JULIAN AYE., 137, near I ixteenth and Mis-
sion; 7-room house and bath; $15.
McALLiSTHR, 818 — Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
QA_, 421-Stylish Eastlake residence. S rooms
and bath: latest improvements, $35.
SCOTT, 2030— Modern house, 8 rooms and bath;
nice yard. ,^
TI'KK. 7:u--Seven rooms and bath; all modern
improvements. -
TWKNTY-THIKP, 27"4, near Hampshire — 8
rooms; bath: yard; rent $16.
$B— HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sts.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement, $11: Laurel
aye , near Turk and Buchanan Bts. HOOKER
& LENT, 14 Post st.
$25— HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; large barn;
S stalls. 126 Clara St. NICOL, 410 Kearny.
FL'RMSHEO HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished ij-room flat to rent;
?2j; references. IQ.'!7A Doh-res st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 ROOMS $10. or will sell $50 cash; balance $12.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
NICK sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath. 27
! Chattanooga st.
i SUNNY, nn dern 7-room cottage; large grounds;
like new; reduced to $18. 3614 Eighteenth st.
SUNN- cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment: yard and stable; cheap. IST6 Fifteenth
st.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s9 and $10; 3 and 4-roorn dandy flats.
A $1S; 5 rooms; on Geary st. ; reduced from
?2 3i';o other flats, cheap. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
ELEGANT upper flat, 5 large rooms. 335 1 ,,
Hickory aye. Apply Sl4 Fell; rent cheap.
FILBERT, U_B, near Hyde— Sunny C-room
upper flat; bath; fine marine view.
FL _T 5 sunny rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. Apply 134 Page st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath and modern Improve-
ments 3442 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms, bath; latest Im-
provements. 145 Grove St., near City Hall_
FELL, 111S— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FLAT of 6 rooms; 3 rooms furnished, 3 un-
furnished. 1203 Bush st.
FL\TS 5 and 6 rooms; improvements; cellar;
one block Jackson-st. cars. 1135 Pacific St.,
near Jones.
iir.AUV, i;.u3— Beautiful flat of S rooma, bath
and every convenience; rent $30.
JACKSON, 1511, near Larkih— Fine eunny up-
per flat of 6 rooms and bath; $25. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 62S Market st.
JESSIE, >"--'. MM .sixth— Flat of 5 rooms,
hath: $16.
MODERN upper flat; 6 light rooms, basement;
water free. 341 Jersey St.; Castro and 24th
6t. cars. '
NEW upper 6-room flat; 1818 Page St., one
block from Golden Gate Park.
SCOTT, 2038, corner Sacramento — Modern flat.
S rooms, attic; reasonable-
SUNNY flat of " rooms and bath. 2911 Cali-
fornia st. ; rent $3fi. .
' TEHAMA, 329— A modern flat of 6 rooms, lat-
i est improvements; rent reduced.
I TWENTY-THIRD. 3727. near Dolores — Flat of
J' 6 rooms; bath: in good order; $Is.
I $12— Two nice sunny flats; 4 and 3 rooms; bath;
yard: no objection to children. 271S McAUis-
1 'ter St., near park.
: jxi \ND $10 — Upper and lower flats, 3 and 4
rooms. 3C> Moss St.. off Howard, nr. Seventh.
I $13 — NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; gas and
j yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$!3 50— UPPER flat; 5 sunny rooms, bath; mod-
ern. 11 Kingston aye.. nr. 30th and San Joae.
: $10- Fine sunny flat of ti rooms and bath. 2124
[ O'Farrell et.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
Et., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Nesa.
"hol'sekeepixg rooms.
EDDY. 915 — Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
FIFTH, 309— Modern housekeeping rooms, newly
furnished; suites 2 or 3 connecting; sunny.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room. $5.
FIFTH, 428H— Front room and kitchen, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
GEARY, 729— Five unfurnished sunny rooms;
upper part; yard.
GOLDEN GATB. 311— Sunny alcove double
front rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
HARRISON, 731 — 4 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard: bath; rent $18.
HICKORY. 181. near Gough— Furnished house-
keeping rooms; every convenience; $7 up.
IVY, 124—2 furnished front rooms for light
housekeeping: large yard.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason — Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms; single, $4.
JESSIE!, S6S, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, 326— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping apartments; central.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonab!?.
Mr.'. LLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely lurnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range.
MINNA, 31C— 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
MISSION, 1729V6. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny
furnished housekpg rooms; bath, laundry; $8.
NATOMA, 577 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10; 2 for $7.
NINTH, 20 — Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single, $5 up; water and gas.
O'FARRELL, 406%— 1 or 2 unfurnished bay-
window rooms; sun all day; rent reasonable.
PACIFIC, 932— T'nfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; fine grounds.
PINE. 706%— Large sunny rooms; gas; private
family; marine view.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
MISSION, 925%— 2 completely furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping exclusive; bath; porch.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth — Large front room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 205— Two sunny unfurnished front
rooms: running water; $9.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $1.
2166 Chestnut st.
SUTTER, 2620—3 rooms, washtubs. use of
bath; furniture of kitchen and bedroom for
sale if desired.
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna — 2 or 3 sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
THIRD, 309 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, $7; other rooms.
TWELFTH, 145 — 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
WILLOW, 30, off Larkin, bet. Eddy and Ellis-
Large light housekeeping room, with two
closets and bath.
ROOMS TO LETc
ALTON, 204 McAllister— lxively sunny large
front and single rooms; $X mo. uj>; bath; gas.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 23.) Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
or 2 gentlemen.
BUSH, 728— Sunny bay-window rooms; rent
reasonable.
CENTRAL House, 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 60c; wk., $1 25. $2 50; mo., $5 up.
CLEMENTINA. 434%— Sunny furnished room,
with parlor, $3 a month.
DELAWARE, ll'.l Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 118— Sunny, clean rooms, $6; housekeep-
ing suite cheap; quiet house.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week. $2 to $«: families.
FOURTH 222 V. —Nice furnished rooms, single
and double, $1 upward. .
FRANKLIN, JOL corner Pefl— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $S mo.
" ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
FULTON. S33— Two unfurnished front rooms
. with board; . The Mizpah. ■, ; ;
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room. , :
GROVE. 21S— Neatly furnished front room, one
. or 2 gents, $". ta $7. "'■'-■■ '
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 -to; $6 per week. ,: . - ;:
HAVES r,i>2— 4 lovely sunny connecting rooms,
$18; single, $10, $7, $4; housekeeping if desired.'
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S - 200 _ rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading • room ; 2dc up. :
HOWARD, &21— Furnished rooms from $1 up;
also 2 housekeeping; rent $.. 25.
HOWARD, 860- By day. week or month; 25c.
_oc, 75c and $1 per day; fa to $15 per month. j
JONES, . 1703, near . Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY, 23— Single and double rooms; gas;
running water; all new. ■
KEARNY, : Newly furnished suites; also
single rooms; first floor.
MARKET. Sunny corner, nicely furnish-
ed rooms; day, week or month; reasonable. ;'
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
: bay-window room, $1 a week. : . - ■ :.:
MISSION, 1520— Nicely furnished single and
; double rooms; $5 per month up.
NATOMA, Front sunny room, third flat, $4
month; gentleman or lady.  Mrs. Hagedorm.
NATOMA 919, near Tenth— Pleasant sunny
front rooms: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $3
.and $8 per month. _£________
NEAT furnished room, $4- 450 Minna st.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week, $C to $15 month; also house-
1 keeping. ■ ■ - ■' -
OAK -22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $S mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
PHILADELPHIA House. 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POWELL, -203 (The Montello) — Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWFLL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining, suitable for two gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SHi"tTWE__ 231— Unfurnished tunny bay-
window room In private family.
SILVER STATE, X.-1* Mason— European: ele-
gant rooms: suite or single; I.ay, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator.
STEVENSON. 70, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms:
suite or single: day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
BUTTER 7-5-717-719, an<i 609 Hyde— Furnlshe
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
SITTER, 701 (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
: ■ ens; suites or single; elevator; moderate.
TAYLOR, 407—2 well furnished sunny rooms,
with fireplace.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FELL, 2G— Lovely sunny parlor with first-class
board for 2, $33 mo; gentlemen preferred.
FOLSQM, ;n -gwedlsh private boarding, with
room, J4 to $5 per week: nice location.
GEARY ISO- Elerant modern sunny rooms and
first-class board; reasonable; references.
HYDE 408— Front sunny alcove and single
rooms; Bret-class board, couple. $36 mo. up.
HYDE (85— Sunny suites; first-class board;
(juiet; homelike. MRB. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
O'FARRELL, 816— Modern sunny rooms with
first-class table board; private family; ref.
SOUTH PARK 159— G 1 table board, $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
TURK, BIS -Nice room two gentlemen; bath;
«as; grate; board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS ave-lieautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
prn conveniences: newly furnished: elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 80S
Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ENGLISH widow wishes 2 children to board
or 2 working girls "1 Clara st. ■
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch. Cal.
STORKS Ttl I.XT.
CORNER grocery; fixtures complete; 3 rooms;
brick basement. Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
HOWARD, ISo2— Store t let; 2 living rooms;
rent cheap. ..^ __, -
STORE, with rooms, 2346 Mission st.; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school. . •
STAPLES TO LET.
STALLS and large barn to let. 4r,7 Tehama
street.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English brancn-
es; electrical, civil and mining i'MKineerlng:
surveying, assaying, etc.; SO teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AVKKS 1 BusinM* College, 7, ; Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, ttleffrapby, etr . ; ufe scholar-
ship, $.">0; low rates per week .*nd month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILKN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-morn makes you
thorough: Room 572, 855 Market st.
WEBSTER, 210714— Piano teacher; studied In
Paris, terms reasonable; best r-f-rt noes.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket Ft.: 124 positions in 'i! 6: 103 in "97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, .vriting, gram-
mar; day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano ami vocal lessons,
*?, per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
«." LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want «ds taken.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAX. 11)17 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household gor..i. s , pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZHHFUSS, 840 Mission Ft. Tel. Mint 1821.
PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9S.
In accordance With Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON Sep-
tember 12, 1898, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
of such a
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows-
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
nei of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the ••Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line or said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feef
theaca due west five hundred and fifty 155(1!
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly n ne Jf
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (5r , 0) , '_,
to the point of commencement; containing
9.6:9 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that. the cost of the building slia.ll
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars .which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with h minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day. for ■persons employed on
Bald building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications win be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000. $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary bo embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without farther cost or
charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Cterk.
CITY RE -L ESTATE.
FINE property cheap on account of foreclos-
ure; house of 6 rooms, near park panhandle.
Apply grocery coiner Hayes and Lyon sts.
for 1 week, between 2 and G p. m. ; no agonts.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The ljest-situated spot in the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts.; only 4 out of 2S houses re-
mair.ing unsold: 1 large G-room house, (3600,
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 S-room
cottage, |2800; 1 6-room cottage, $240", and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NEL>»<>N. owner
and builder.
1800— FOR Bale— Great t.arga.n; .mproved lot in
warru belt of Mission: half cash: balance on
time. Address box 2513, Call office.
BARGAlN— Handsome new 2-story C-room cot-
tage; very sunny: fine view: 1114 Green St.;
easy terms. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15, W0; renting for $133 66; $7000 can remain
.on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
CHRAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— SWEENY RANCH,
XX. REDWOOD CiTY, SAN MATEO CO.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vegeta-
bles; plenty of water: this property immedi-
ately adjoins Redwood City, and Is only one
hour's ride from S.m Francisco; suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
quotations ami upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON, ELDRIDOB *. CO.,
63S Market st., San Francisco,
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
A— MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
Foil SIUI'RBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice subdivi-
sions at in to I'd acres each in the Newhall &
Wist- tract which we offer at extremely low
prices and on very easy terms; small cash pay-
ment, balance monthly; one i.nd a half miles
from Mountain View station. Apply for full
particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market at.. San Francisco,
Or W* x >STBR & WHITT< IN,
West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of Mayfleld; house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms; garden, orchard.
etc.; will rent low for 1 or 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPF & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
SANTA CLARA Valley - 2." acres prunes and
graphs; income last year $3032; must be sold;
easy terms. J. T. DUNN, 1008 Call building.
FOR sale, exchange or rent— New 4-room cot-
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140; 45 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery, 12fi Guerrero st.
FOR sale— l3l acres: fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk, Mondocino Count- Oboslsti^R nf the NE.
Vt of SW. 'i of Sec. 31, township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKKRS, Navarro, Cal.
WRITE for list; good land, ?10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR RK\L ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., 132 Market st.
PKOPKKTY TO IXCHANGt.
FOR sale— ls2 acres clear land, with stock,
crop and implements; near school and depot;
will take in part San Francisco improved
property; clear; no agents. Inquire 330^
Sixth St., from 9 to 3.
B_ONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6>£ per cent on real estate;
2d and £d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain- liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.: upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
rrivate party. BQNNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 32S Montgomery st.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, r>OS California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgf. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and id mort-
gages, estates, etc MURPHY, P2S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 11G McAllister 9t.
SIXTH, 10 — Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. MeAFFE BROS., ins Montgomery St.
r A WM BROKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.: private rooms.
MONEY WASTED.
$HW> — Wanted in manufacturing business: 5000
share* of stock; security. &09 Broadway,
Oakland.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, to up; silver
fining, -.'<■ up; gold crowns. $? 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
897 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $:>; see new flexible
plates: I'^ht and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling. 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended. $1 up; open evenir.sra and
Sundays. 869 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR LIXDLUM HILL. 1-143 Market st.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR QEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer oC painless extraction and
patentee of improve,] bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 8 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Pental Parlors have removed from 906 to
Sl3 Market st.. Academy of S-iences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bid?., (Ith floor, rms. 608-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ■'•ant nd? taken. -
HOHSES.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
:,- changed. at Emporium. 220 Valencia st. . •
WANTED 50 old horses free -. from disease
physic for feed, for the animals. Ad-
j dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,;
carts, harness: Grand - Arcade Horse Mar-
ket J27 Sixth St.. auction sales every vVed-
• nesdnv. --STTTXTVArT .<- T>OYLTC. Ane'.lnr,«-^r».
.-.WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ;-; «
NEW three can milk wagon; one light dcliv-
, cry ; wagon. -..,-1370 Turk st. . ■r. .---■'■■
CHEAP; fruit wagon, horse and harness; neat
.: outfit. •; 526. Hampshire. st. _
SECOND-HAND wagons for sale cheap. ' 1013
Harrison St.- -: ■' : :
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison • st. -'■ >• :
HOUSES FOR SALE. .
FINE r house* for sale. , •■ . r
\ An : elegantly. furnished house :of ■ ten rooms,
complete in every- detail, .' with' ail modern
- improvements; situated iin i the . mpst beautiful
part cf the city, with' a perfect marine view;
a great bargain for a cash buyer: rents now
" iforSlOO.i Address HENRY GROGAN, • box
2137, Call Office. --■■■■■/.. ■■■-■ '- s ■
f type Ens.: • :
YOST, good order, $25; send > for sample ■ work. ;
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery st. -
; ELEVENTH. : 106— Branch office of The Call:
subscriptions and want ads . taken. -
TO LEASE- ; :. ■
FACTORY to lease; Folsom st.; 'bet.' Fourth
and Fifth; " buildings,- v engine and ' ; boilers.
BL'RNIIAM & MARSH CO., (28 Market st •
- . .. ,-.:-.. - ■ ■ ■ . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY. •
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent,
$75 for. a fine lot; $5 cash. $5 monthly; build ,
your own home, or we will build : It for you;
payments as rent. ' ■
$125 for a nice lot and barn: $10, $5 monthly; i
Allendale settlement. East Oakland;- 3 electric
car lines and fine school near: streets all :
graded, some macadamized; soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth St., bet., Washington and Broadway, ,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner. ,
BARGAIN— Neat cottage .of 5 rooms and. bath; '
high basement; large I6t: location. West st.,
near Seventeenth, the best in Oakland; only
a few minutes'- walk to. broad and narrow
gauge locals and near City Hall and churches;
price $2000 if taken soon. A. J. SAMUEL A
CO.. 46S Ninth st.. Oakland. . ; ;
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40$
Eleventh st., Oakland. - v ) .*,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA' REAL. ESTATE.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse. ' --..•.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
1 6 rooms and one of , 4 rooms.
I $1600— Lot 60x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; near Chestnut station.
| $2850 — cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nign school.
— New house of 7 rooms and ' bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
j Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st. •
SPECIAL NOTICE. ; ~T
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
" JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, 5 1700, $1800. 12200, $2600, $3000.
The above are . lovely cottages, : which have
been thrown on " market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. ■
We are going to weed them out and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
lIKKKKLKV RBAL ESTATE.
RARE chance In the UnJversity town; best
northeast corner on Baneioft way; lot 78x120;
elegant 8-room cottage home, nearly new;
hand frescoed; electric lights; porcelain bath;
everything first-class: yard set with choice
plants; nice assortment of fruit trees and
berries. Owner leaving town. Call or ad-
dress M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth st. i and
Broadway, Wurtz block* . Oakland. ■ \
A BIG bargain— acres, with small house,
only four blocks from North Berkeley sta-
tion; fine, sightly place; $650 per acre; must
be sold. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley. - . ,
_____ .
LOST\~~
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog, answers to
■ name of Mallcoff; $10 reward. Return to 4
Eighth st. . :- .
LOST— Sunday, in park, bunch of keys; re-
ward. 227 First st."
— Gentleman's vest, last week Wednesday,
March 16; important papers. Return CHIN
AH SAM, 726 A Sacramento St., Hoy Lee Co.,
and receive reward of $5.
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, i— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.:
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
,'■>. TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March Stmr Wer-
ra. from New York;
Sailed March 21— Stmr Ems, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed March 21 — Stmr
Friedrich der Grosse, for New York.
NAPLES— March 21— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, on cruise. - - ■
ANTWERP— Arrived . March 21— Stmr Prl«s-
land, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 21— Stmr Mo-
bile, from London.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Isidore Ramler and Sarah Davis, 27-20.
Louis Palefsky and Pauline" Levlnson, 32-24.
■ R. A. Howell and Floy R. Bucknam. 26-21.
A. Toschi and Ottanine Varinnccl, 21-16.
Cecil Plant and Annie J. Barrett. 27-24.
O. Van Every and Frances L. Joiner, 21-20.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and : death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the • publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
i lished. i '
BORN.
BYERS— In San Jose, March 10, 1898, to the
wife of Frank Byers, a daughter.
COLVIN— In San Jose. March 10, 1838, to the
wife of Stuart Colvin, a son.
DINSMORE— In San Jose, March 18, 1898, to
the wife of W. B. Dinsrhore, a daughter.
GILFETHER— In this city. March 5, 1898, to
" the wife of Frank J. Gilf ether, a son.
HEATH— In Weaverville, March 12, 1898, to
the wife of J. W. Heath.' a daughter.-
HARRINGTON— In Madera, March 13, 1898, to
the wife of M. E. Harrington, a daughter. I
HOWE— In Pomona. March 14, IS9S to the
wife of E. F." Howe, a son.
HUGHES— In Oakland. March 21, 1898, to " the
wife of Thomas- A. Hughes, a son.
KNOWLES— In San Jose. March 19. ; 1898, to
the wife of A. B. Knpwles, a son.
LANG— To the wife of August J. Lang , a
daughter. , ■ . .-,-■'. .--..--
PLUMB— In Santa Clara, March 19, 1898. to the
wife of G. H. Plumb, a daughter.
SCHLUETER— In Oakland, March 19, IS9B, to
the wife of A. H. Schlueter, a son.
STEVENS— March 8, 1898, to the wife of Cal-
■ yin E. Stevens, a daughter.
Redlands, March 11, 1808, to
the wife of Alex Wedbenj. a son.
WILSON— At Lowtlen Knnch. March 13, 1898.
to the wif.> of E. E. 'Wilson. :i son.
BRTTTON— In Weaverville, March 16. IS9B, to
the wife of JosL-nh Britton, a son.
' MARRIED.
ALEXANDER— BLOOM- In thic city. March
17. ISi'H, by the Rev. Joseph Willner, Samuel
Alexander and Rose L. Bloom, both of San
Jose, Cal.
BATTENCOURT - VICTORINE -In Arroyo
Grande. March IT. (898, by the Rev. Father
Lynch, Manuel Battencourt and Marie Vlc-
torine.
CLARK— DODGE— In San Bernardino. March
16, IS;'*, by Justice W. L. G. Soule, Frank N.
Clark and Annie Dodge.
GALL-FUNKENSTEIN-In this city. March
20. IK9B. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Julius
Go 11 and Rebecca Funkenstein.
LEVY— HARRIS— In this city. March 20. 1898.
by the liev. Dr. J. Nieto, Meyer H. Levy
and Rose Harris.
MAHNCKEN— KREUTZMANN— In this city
March 20, 188.S, by the Rev. Hermann
Gehrcke. John Henry Mahncken aud Hen-
riette Kreutzmann. both of San Francisco.
POPE— SCHAIN— In San Bernardino, March 15,
18PS, by the Rev. J. C. Rollins, Learoy Albert
Pope and Clara Belle Scnain.
RICHARDSON— BUCKLEY— In San Bernar-
dino, March 16, ISW6, by the Rev. R. A. Mar-
tin, Charles W. Richardson and Emma Buck-
ley.
ROWAN— YOUNG— In San Bernardino, March
16, IS9B, by the Rev. Elder Harris, Byron T.
Rowan and Mary' Young.
SMITH— RUSSELL— In Fresno. March 16, IS9B
F. R. Smith and Elsie J. Russell.
DIED.
Barton, Mrs. M. M. Kelly, Henry
Bowser, Mrs. Eliza Lyeett, James
Bray, Nellie McDonongh, Mrs. B.
Cole, Wallace D. Mc.N'amara, Margaret
Colvln, Catherine Mayor. Louisa
Coz, Vicente Montgomery, Jane
Curry, George M. Muzzi, Gus
Damon, John llurray, Thomas
Downey, Timothy J. Ramsell, George
Dromey. Ellen Ritchey, Lila
Drum, Courtland F. Scharff, Jennlo
Ksfin, Peter Schlomer. Harm K.
Ferguson. Charles A. Srhlueter, Mrs. M.
Giotoninl. John ' Wallace, George R.
lianniKan. Vincent Wells, Curtis
Hanson, Charles Wlguey, Nellie V.
Juergensen. Peter
BARTON— In San Bernardino, March 17, 1898,
Mrs. Margaret M. Barton, a native of Illi-
nois, aged 43 years. •
BARRETT— In Sausalito. March 21. 1888, Ann
Maria Barrett, a native of Wentport, County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 72 years.
(t^TFrionds and aciitiuintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church, Smisalito. Interment Sausalito.
Friends from San Francisco will 'ake the
7:2.'. boat.
BOWSER— In San Jose. March 19, 1898. Mrs.
Eliza Bowser, a native of Ohio, aged 73
years.
BRAY— In this city. March 20. IS9B, Nellie, be-
loved daughter of Patrick and the late Han-
nah Bray, and sister of Thomas Bray, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years 8 months
and 8 days
CT^The funeral will take pln.ee to-morrow
(Wc-dnesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew <fe English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLE— In San Jose, March 18, 189S, Wallace
D. Cole, a' native of New York, aged 51 years.
COLVIN-In this city, March 19. ISOB. Cath-
erine, wife of the late John J. Colvin. and
muther of Edward, John, William, Charles,
Emma. Clara and Albert Colvin. a native of
Brooklyn, X. V.. ased 4S years. -. ". .
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ; funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
■ J. S. Godeau." SO.'i Montgomery avenue thence
to St. Francis Church, where services will be
■ held. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COZ-In Madera. March IS, ISPS. Vicente Col.
a native of Mexico, aged. 76 years 11 months
and 13 days.
CURRY— In this city. March 19, 189 S. George
Milton, beloved son of-Therese and the late
Frank Curry, a native of San Francisco, aged
 21 years. ', . ;■ . " . '
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
£ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, irom the .residence
of his mother. 1915 Howard st.
DAMON— In this city. March 21. ISPS, John
Damon, beloved uncle of Henry, John and
Mat .lias Damon and Mrs. Eva Adams, a na-
tive of Hochwesel.' Darmstadt. Gar-
many, aged 56 years 6 months and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metx)er, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOWNEY— In this city, March 20, 189S Timo-
thy J.. beloved husband of Carrie Downey,
father of George and Timothy Downey, and
brother of Mrs. P. Connolly, and nephew of
Mr. Cronan of San Mateo, a native of Eng-
land, aged 33 years.
UTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 32'>4 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his sonl,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DROMEY- In this city, March 20. 1898. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Michael Dromey,
sister of Mary Reilly, sister-in-law of Alex-
ander Cambernous, and aunt of Mrs. G.
Laujardiere, a native of the parish of Kil-
lene. County Cavan. Ireland, aged 34 years.
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 172 Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DRUM— In this city, March 20, IS9B. Courtland
F., beloved husband of Caroline M. Drum, 3
native of Pine Plains. Dutchess County. N.
V., aged 67 years.
(CT'Friends ami acquaintances are respect"
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Glover street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EGAN— In this city, March 19, 1808, Peter, be-
loved husband of Annie A. Egan, and fathe*
of John J., Marrrie E., Eugene P.. Annie,
Kittie and Gertie Egan, a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 63 years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat«
residence. 1106 Treat avenue, thence to fit.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSON--ln San Bernardino, March 15.
IS9B, Charles A. Ferguson, a native of Maine,
aged 76 years.
GIOTONINI— In Lompoc. Cal., March 18. 1898,
John Giotonini, aged 27 years.
HANNIGAN— In Oakland. March 21, 1898, Vin-
cent Hannigan, known in religion as Brother
I'lpian, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Hannigan, and brother of the Rev. J. B.
Hannigan of San Francisco, Sister Mary
Dominica and the late Sister M. Lorenzo of
Sacred Heart Convent, Oakland, a native of
Chicago, 111., aged 27 years S months and 9
days.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from St. Joseph's Academy,
corner Fifth and Jackson streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 18
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
HANSON— In this city, March 21. IM>B. Charles,
husband of Charlotte Hanson, and father of
W. H. Hanson, aged 64 years and 6 months.
lE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
JUERGENSEN— In this city, March 20, 189 S.
Peter Juergensen, a native of Schleswig,
Germany, aged 78 years 4 months and 12
days.
IT^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
Theodor Dterks. 857 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
KELLY— March 21, IS9B, Henry, beloved hus-
band r.f Alice Kelly, and brother-in-law of
Miss Bridget McCarthy, a native of Calais,
Me., ageil SO years.
(£?Frtendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2516 California street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will he celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at !>:3O o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LYCETT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of James Lycett, son of Annie and John Ly-
cett, at St. Joseph's Church, this day
(Tuesday), commencing at '■) o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend.
M. DOXOI'GH- In San Leandro, Mrs. Bridget
MeDonoiigh, beloved mother of Mrs. Buck-
ley, a native of the parish of Mycullen.
County Gal way, Ireland, aged 81 years and
3 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the San
Leandro Catholic Church. High mass.
McNAMARA— In this city, March 20. IS9B, at
her residence. 559 Howard street, Margaret
McNamara, beloved mother of Katy, John,
James, Mary and Nellie McNamara, a native
of Knoekhay, County Limerick, Ireland, aged
52 yeiirs.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, MB Howard street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, Fremont and Harrison
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MAYER— In this city, March 20. IS9S. Louisa,
beloved wife of George Mayer, and mother
of Fred G., Andrew, William and Adolph
Mayer and Mrs. Thomas W. Wall, a native
of Germany, aged 61 years 2 months and 21
days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 900 Greenwich street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, March 20. 1898. Justin
Moore, a native of New Brunswick, Me.,
aged 80 years 1 month and S days.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesda) ).
at Calvary Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
and Powell streets. Interment private.
MONTGOMERY— In Oakland, Jane Montgom-
ery, a native of Kentucky, aged 82 years 2
months and 6 days.
MOZZI— In the City and County Hospital,
March 21, ISSB, Gus Mozzi, a native of Italy,
aged 21 years.
Mt'RRAY- In this city, March 21. 1898,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Murray,
father of Joseph, Johnnie, Willie and Lor-
etto Murray, and brother-in-law of John J.
Nunan, a native of County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged 6fi years.
(C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at !»:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, C 22 Jessie street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will he celebrated for the repose of hi 3
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAMSELL — George, beloved son of William
and Mary A. Ramsell, and brother of Wil-
liam. John. Frank, Thomas and Eugene
Ramsfll and the late Mrs. Eugene Drlscoll,
aged 20 years G months and 10 days.
RITCHEY— In Athlone, Merced County, March
11 IS9B, Lila, dearly beloved wife of Arthur
Ritchey. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. D.
Holllster. and sister of Mrs. William Strode
and Laura S.. John M., George S., Richard
D. and Edmond Holllster Jr., aged 21' years
5 months and S days.
SCHARFF— In this city, March 21, 189S, Jennie,
beloved wife- of Dr. C. L. Scharff. mother of
Fhyllls and Claudie Scharff, daughter of A.
N. Levy, and sister of Mrj. Adolph Wirtner
and the late Mrs. Matilda Asher, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 21 days.
JCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1041 How-
ard street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 3:ir> o'clock train from Third and
T'.wnsend stretts.
SCHLOMER— In North Fork, March 12. I^'S,
Harm Karl Schlomer. a native of Germany,
aged 72 years 7 months and 12 days.
SCHLUETER— March 1», 1898. Mrs. Marie
Schlueter. beloved wife of Edward, mother
of Christine, Minnie, Sophie. Rudolph. Carl,
Edward W.. Lottie and Robert and Mrs. R.
Leo Van der Naillen, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam Ehrenpfort, a native of Baltimcre, Md.,
aged f>7 years and 11 months. (Baltimore pa-
pers please copy).
EyFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2446 Howard street, near Twenty-first,
thence by electric funeral car, leaving corner
of Guerrero and Eighteenth streets at 11
o'clock sharp, to Cypress lawn Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated. Inter-
ment private. Please ornlt flowers.
WALLACE— In San Bernardino. March 18,
iv.tx, George R. Wallace, aged 72 years.
WELLS— In Redlands. March 16, 189S, Curtis
Wells, a native of Vermont, aged 5S years.
WIGNEY— In AJameda, March 21. IS9B, Nellie
V., dearly beloved daughter of George A. and
Agnns Wigney, and sister of Mrs. ChK.rl.-s
Ratto, Mrs. E. P. Pendleton, Mrs. C. J.
Sharp and George and Bennle Wigney, a na-
tive of Chicago, 111., aged 22 years 1 month
and 2 days.
McAVOY '"& "GALLAG HER!
FUJfEIiAL DiRKCTOKS & EMUALMER3
Hi lIFTH ST., Opp. Lracoia SiiiOJi.
Telephone, South JO. '■
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEK3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market »t. , Sao
Francisco. Telephone So. left.
1314
WAS SHE
LURED TO
THE SOUTH?
Irene Lynch, the Miss
ing Girl, May Yet
Be Located.
Said to Have Left on a
Visit to "Lucky" Bald
win's Ranch.
Her Distracted Father Anxious
to Meet the Wealthy
Horseman.
MET AT THE RACETRACK.
Police Expected to Find th« Girl
Last Night, but Were Dis
appointed.
According to the police Irene Lynch,
the fourteen-year-old daughter of
Daniel Lynch, living at 524 Geary
street, was not abducted as was
claimed by her parents, but is enjoying
life at Santa Anita Ranch, in Los An
geles. The girl is said to be a friend of
E. J. Baldwin, otherwise known as
•Lucky" Baldwin, and it is claimed she
frequently met him at the Ingleside
race track.
On the morning of March 9 Irene,
who is said to be very pretty, left her
home, after promising to return in a
short time. She failed to appear, and
since then her whereabouts has been
wrapped in the deepest mystery. Her
parents, fearing that something had
happened to her, at once communicated
with the police, with the result that
Detective Anthony was instructed to
find the missing girl. After a thorough
investigation he became convinced that
Irene was stopping at Baldwin's ranch
in Los Angeles, but fearing bloodshed
he refrained from notifying her par
ents.
Somebody informed the father of the
girl that she was en route to Victoria,
accompanied by a male acquaintance.
Lynch, who was determined to save
his daughter from the disgrace which
she had brought upon herself, took the
first train to Seattle, after telegraph
ing to the authorities at Victoria to
hold her. After he had arrived at the
latter place he found that Irene was
not aboard the boat on which he
thought she had taken passage, and
he immediately returned to this city.
Last night he and Detective Anthony
went to Oakland expecting to meet
Baldwin, who had telegraphed he
would arrive by the Los Angeles ex
press. Both Anthony and Lynch had
reeei% - od reports to the effect that
Baldwin and Miss Lynch would arrive
in this city last evening. As the train
pulled in the depot Anthony made a
thorough search of the cars but failed
to find either of the missing ones. Con
vinced that she was not on the train
the detective, accompanied by the anx
ious par* nt, returned to this city. After
reaching here Anthony informed Chief
of his failure to locate the girl,
and acting on hiri suggestion a dispatch
was sent to the police of Los Angeles
asking them to make a thorough inves
tigation.
Anthony, while refusing to admit
that Baldwin took the girl to his ranch,
says that it is not unlikely he will be
able to show in a short time that she
wa< with him a short time before her
disappearance.
Several days aft^r hor disappearance
Baldwin left this city to visit his ranch
in the southern part of the State. The
missing girl suddenly disappeared on
the preceding Wednesday and accord
ing to the police she bought a ticket
for I^os Angeles. This fact was not
discovered until her father had gone
to Seattle expecting to find his erring
daughter en route to the Klondike.
-Mis. Lynch, the mother of the miss
ing girl, refuses to believe that her
daughter was abducted by the aged
millionaire, but says that if she has
been enticed away and betrayed she
will leave no stone unturned and at the
first opportunity will kill the guilty
one.
"My Irene was always a good girl,
and I don't think that she would volun
tarily leave home to accompany any
man. She had but few male ac
quaintances, and the few young men
that shr- did know always came to the
house when they wanted to see her.
Her whole time was occupied with her
musical studies, and even if she had a
roving disposition and a desire to run
away from home she showed no evi
dences of it at home, because she
seemed to love home in preference to
the pageantry of the world.
"That Irene was in the habit of mak
ing visits to Baldwin's home and was
seen several times returning from his
mansion on California street as late as
10 o'clock in the evening is an untruth,
as she was never out at such a late
hour unless she was accompanied either
by me or her brother. She could not
possibly have made these visits without
my knowledge, as I always waited up
until long after she and her sister had
retired, which was usually at 9 o'clock,
and there was no possible way for her
leaving the house secretly after I had
retired, as the two girls slept together
in the same room.
Coal-DeaJers' Demurrer.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday overruled the demurrer of J.
C. Wilson & Co. of the Coal-Dealers' As-
Bodation in the civil suits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SLIEP
FOR V
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
' Soap, and a single application
of Cuticcba (ointment), the great skin cure.
Cuticcba Remedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails. j
Sold throughout the world. Pott** D*co Am Cam.
Corp., Sole Fropi., Boston. ■
(EJ* ■■ How to Cure Skin-Tortured Babies," free.
CI/IU OP 11 1 D » nd ' H * lr " BeantWed by I <
I OIVIIij vl/nUr __ . etneuu. simjp.^
.. , p ■ ~".'"r.— - . " ■■ ;■':■.".' -■;:-'
WHERE THE
SOLICITOR
COMES IN
Methods Employed to
Work the Private
Contract Dodge.
A Good Friend in the
Board of Supervisors
Always Needed.
Property Owners of Big In
fluence Often Obtain
a Rebate.
BIDS NEVER OPENED.
Record of a Private Contract Obtained
by the Firm of Flinn
& Treacy.
The elections which take place in San
Francisco once in every two years or
once in every four years, as the Su
preme Court in its wisdom may de
cree, occasionally bring a change in
the personnel of the Street Department,
but seldom bring a change in the
methods pursued by the department to
make the property owner stand all that
the land will bear for improvement.
The present Superintendent of Streets,
Mr. Ambrose, inherited a few of the
men and many of the practices of his
predecessor in office, Mr. Ashworth. All
the tricks of the old Board of Super
visors are known to the new and some
modern features have been introduced
to catch the unwary owner of urban
real estate.
The contractors who live and thrive
on the profits of street work have got
the business down to a fine point, and
with the addition of a few kinks sup
plied by the solicitors can pave the way
to the poorhouse for any one who owns
real property.
The solicitor is a new element in the
business, but promises to be a perma
nent one. The chief function of the so
liciting genius is to persuade property
owners that it is cheaper to have work
done by private contract than to have
the street "Vroomanized' by direction
of the Board of Supervisors.
At the outset each of the big con
tracting firms had a solicitor and fre
quently several of the soliciting agents
found themselves in active competition
for the same piece of work. As a result
prices tumbled, and contractors saw
that the competition w-ould be ruinous
if pursued. Simultaneously the solicit
ors saw that there was nothing in it for
themselves if prices were cut down,
and so they formed a union. The union
developed more strength than they at
first fancied. In a short time the solic
itors found themselves strong enough
to do a little business on their own ac
! count with the Board of Supervisors,
and so adjust affairs that the contrac
tor would have to see the solicitor be
fore any work could be done.
The first move of the solicitor is to
have a friend in the Board of Supervi
! sors introduce a resolution of intention
ito pave a certain block. If the proper
ty owners do not wish to be burdened
at that time with the cost of paving,
they must get a majority protest
against the proposed work. If they
succeed in getting the protest the work
is delayed six months. If they fail bids
may be invited by advertisement. Con
tractors outside of the ring, who have
no affiliation with the solicitor, may
presume to bid for the work, but some
! thing is likely to happen which will
prevent the bids from being opened.
It often happens that some member of
j the board moves to reject all the bids.
This motion prevails, but the solicitor
\is not disheartened. The property
j owner having exhausted his right of
1 protest, the solicitor comes on the scene
j and presents a private contract with
| the explanation that the cost of adver
; tising and other expenses may be saved
by the private deal. Rebates are of
fered to get backward individuals to
come forward and ultimately a private
contract is obtained by which property
owners on an average through the
block pay three or four cents more a
square foot for paving than they would
be compelled to pay in apen and fair
competition in the Board of Supervi
sors.
At the appointed time a smooth fel
low appears on the scene as the repre
sentative of a reliable and worthy firm
of contractors. He describes the con
fiscating features of the Vroc-rnan act
and convinces owners of real estate
that their only salvation is in a private
contract. He has his contracts in
blank for 22 or 23 cents a foot. He
offers a rebate to the property owner
of big influence. When three-fourths of
the frontage has been secured the soli
citor takes his time. The owners of
the remaining fourth are in his grasp
On May 17, lsa,, the Street Superin
tendent recommended that Twenty
third street, from Harrison street to
Potrero avenue, be paved with bitumi
nous rock. On May 24 the Board of
Supervisors passed a resolution to per
form the work. On June 16 the proper
ty owners filed a protest and work was
stopped for six months. On December
16, 1897, another protest was filed. On
January 10, 1898, the board decided
against the protest of December 16. On
January 31 bids were received and laid
over one week, on motion of Supervisor
Devany. On February 3 the bids were
laid over for four weeks. On March 3
they were laid over for one week. The
bids were not opened, hence no one in
the Board of Supervisors was supposed
to know officially what figures were
contained in the sealed envelopes. It
does not appear that anybody wanted
to know, because the board on March
10 reported in favor of giving Flinn &
Treacy a private contract. The figure
on the private contract is 21 cents a
square foot for bituminous rock pave
ment and 80 cents a front foot for gran
ite curbs.
The original bidders before the Board
of Supervisors for the work were the
City Street Improvement Company, Pa
cific Paving Company, Flinn & Treacy,
C. B. Williams, J. J. Dowling and John
R. Morton.
The Call understands that the ruling
price for work of this character ranges
from 15% cents to 18% cents per square
foot. It would be interesting at this
time to know if some of the unopened
bids did not contain figures less than 21
cents a square foot. Information from
contractors on this point would be ac
ceptable at The Call office.
The Grand Jury might ascertain, to
gratify public curiosity, just what
figures were given by the contractors
who offered in public competition to
perform the work. The Supervisors of
course could not know, as the bids were
never opened, but it did take the board
a remarkably long time to decide
whether to open the bids or send them
back to the bidders unopened.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1898.
ROBERT EMMET DOYLE.
Funeral of th>e Late Assistant Postmaster of
San F r ancisco.
There was laid at rest last Saturday in Calvary Cemetery, alongside of
his brother-in-law, the late ex-United States Senator Eugene Casserly. the re
mains of a man with a national tnstory. This was Robert E. Doyle, Deputy
Postmaster of this city under the late Frank McCoppin. The death and burial
of Mr. Doyle were unannounced in the daily papers, yet his funeral was at
tended by a large cortege of prominent citizens.
Robert Emmet Doyle, modest in manner and unassuming for notoriety, had,
nevertheless, a history in the earlier period of the State. He was born in New
York in IS2S, and was educated in Georgetown College, District of Columbia,
from which he graduated in 1549, after which he started for California via the
isthmus, arriving in this city the same year, and, like the majority of early
arrivals, engaged in mining. In ls^l he returned to San Francisco and became
a journalist. From here he went to Central Ainericaand connected himself with
the Nicaragua Company, but left there and went to New York. He came back
again to this city in 1857, when he formed a partnership with James Birch and
operated the first stage line from San Antonio, Tex., to San Diego, a distance of
1400 miles.
In those days staging was beset with danger from the several bands of hos
tile Indians. Yet the contract was faithfully carrieu out by the stage company
on schedule time of twenty-eight days. In IS6I the service was shortened to
semi-weekly, at an expense to the Government of $300,inX> per annum.
The Civil ..ar broke up this contract, and Doyle and h.s partners saw their
entire stock seized and confiscated by the rebel leaders in Arizona, with no com
pensation from the Government from that clay to this. Having lost all he had,
he entered the service of the then "Wheat King." Isaac Friedlander, where he
remained until that monarch died. The next heard of Mr. Doyle was his ap
pointment as Deputy Postmaster of San Francisco under Frank McCoppin,
which posuion he held until death removed the head o t.iat department, when
he was appointed Postmaster pro tern., pending the filling of the vacancy by
President McKinley.
ATTEMPTED
TO SELL A
COLD BRICK
Attorney Haymond
Confesses to an Il
legal Act.
Hoffs Statement Peddled
at His Partner's In
stigation.
The Whole Matter Laid Bare
Before Judge Cook and Dis
barment May Follow.
TWO LAWYERS TO SUFFER
Attorneys Wonder at Wh«t Is to
Come and Co-conspirators May
Vet Disagree.
Attorney Edgar Haymond of Hoff
confession fame is not missing as re
ported, and from his recent actions a
rumor has been circulated that he has
been approached and hypnotized by a
loose confession editor. The rumor
seems to have a rather solid founda
tion from the fact that on Sunday
evening he visited the home of Judge
Carroll Cook and in mild manner and
with a written document to back ur> his
assertions, stated that he had been im
plicated in the desire to get $2000 for a
written document purporting to be a
cold blooded statement and acknowledg
ment of the murder of Mrs. Clute. That
was not all, however, that rather jarred
on the system of the unsuspecting
Judge, as the guilty party seemed
desirous of throwing the blame on his
partner, Mclntosh, and from informa
tion given by Judge Cook, Haymond
was penitent and stated that he had
carried out the plan to get the desired
amount through the pleadings of his
co-conspirator, and was anxious that
the papers should be presented to the
Bar Association for the purpose of hav
ing disbarment proceedings instituted.
When the Hoff case was resumed in
Judge Cook's court yesterday morning
the air seemed to be full of mystery,
and when the noon recess had been
taken and the' jury excused the sus-
pense was over, as the Judge stated
that Attorney Haymond had visited
! him last evening and told of his con
nection with the Hoff confession case.
Attorneys throughout the hall had
heard of the interesting proceedings,
and in consequence the court room was
soon crowded by attentive listeners to
hear the words of the Judge.
Judge Cook stated that on Sunday
evening Attorney Haymond had placed
| a written document in his hands which
had implicated him in the Hoff matter
and that according to the wishes c-f the
attorney the papers had been placed in
the hands of the Bar Association, and
that .within a few days proceedings
would be taken for the disbarment of
the self-anus, o ;.nd his partner in the
legal profession.
Judge Cook further remarked that
Attorney Raymond had included in his
written document that his partner had
approached him with the purpose in
view of. having him do the necessary
work in obtaining the desired $2000, and
that in compliance with that request
had acted to the best of his ability.
The < ommunications received by the
Judge are now in the hands of respon
sible parties connected with the Bar
Association, but it is not at all likely
that anything will be done in connec
tion with the matter until the trial of
Hoff has been finished, as it is tho-ught
the case may affect the interests of the
man now on trial for his life.
After developments may prove rather
interesting to many members of the
profession, and without doubt there
will be a split up in the firm of Hay
mond & Mclntosh.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
■ ♦ «
The Gold Fields of Alaska and the
Klondike.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has just issued a new pamphlet of some
26 pagos under the above title.
The first order is for 50.000 copies, which
shows the tremendous demand there Is
on this company for literature bearing
on the g,,id fields of Alaska. Parties
seeking information regarding Alaska
and the Klondike will find this pamphlet
very interesting and instructive.
The lecture by Bishop Rowe is written
from personal observation, and on ac
count of the high standing of the gentle
man can be accepted as strictly correct.
The following are the subjects treated
in the pamphlet, viz.:
"Short Answers to Everyday Queries."
"Packing from Dyea Over Chilcoot
Pass."
"Rate for Packing— Dyea to Summit."
"New Map of Alaska."
Where to Outfit and What to Take."
"Outfit for a Woman."
"Canadian Duties."
'United States and Canadian Regula
tions Covering Entry and Transportation
of Merchandise via Dyea, etc."
jjMany Hundred Millions."
'Diggings Present and Prospective."
"Questions and Answers."
"Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Agencies. Fleet of Steamers and Differ
ent Route*"
"A Lecture by Bishop Rowe of Alaska
on the Yukon-Klondike Gold Field and
How to Reach Same."
In addition to above pamphlet the com
pany Issues an Alaska folder containing
a map by Professor Davidson, schedule
of Bailings' of steamers, table of distances
and various other matters. It also Issues
a general folder containing a map of the
whole Pacific Const from Mexico to Alas
ka, besides other publications. All of
tlnsc publications 'can be obtained free
by calling at the company's ticket of
nces, or they can he obtained by mail by
forwarding 10 cents to cover postage to
Qoodall, Perkins & Co.. the company's
general agents at San Francisco. ♦
The WoodbridKe Canal.
United States Commissioner Hearock
presented to Lnited States District Judge
de Haven his report of the sale of the
property of the Woouunogo Canal and
Irrigation Company to E. C. Card for
•>■■';'' Several persons interested in the
litigation appeared In court and protested
against the sale. The matter of the con
firmation was therefore laid over for two
weeks.
The Stranded New York.
Tho ship New York has settled down
snugly in tue sands of Halfmoon Bay,
and if the weather remains calm it is
expected that all the cargo can be taken
out. There are 1502 chests of tea on board,
and it Is expected that most of this can
be dried and repacked and sold to cheap
boarding-houses. The deck has bulged
two feet from - -c nressure of the swollen
rice, but the hUil appears to be unin
jured.
The fac-simile >TJ(^ '£&"_* /z."* "on every wrapper
signature of ! i^vt.' j^v^ fv£\£ri{4& of CASTOaIA.
KELSO TO BE
HAULED INTO
THE COURTS
A Rich Contractor
in the Toils of
the Law.
Sued for Divorce and Ar
rested for Striking an
Officer.
An Aged Husband Becomes
Belligerent and Insanely
Jealous.
A YOUNG WIFE'S GRIEF.
After Years of Suffering She Appeals
to the Courts for Jus
tice.
John Kelso, the well-known contractor
and president of the John Kelso Com
pany, has more trouble on his hands
than he ever dreamed would befall him
in old age.
The wealthy contractor will be in
Judge Low's court to-day for throwing
a process server downstairs and fractur
ing one of his ribs. As soon as he pays
his fine for this offense he will be called
before Judge Seawell for contempt of
court in the same matter, as Alexander
Moreno, who was serving the process of
Judge Seawell's court, represented the
power and dignity of the State, at the
same time that he was seeking to for
ward the interests of Mrs. Eleanor Kelso,
who is trying to free herself from the mat
rimonial bonds that tie her to the aged
and irascible John.
The troubles of the Kelso family be
gan many years ago, though the wife
has for ten years refused to sue for di
vorce on account of three young children.
A few weeks ago, however, she filed a
divorce suit on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Her attorney is L. B. Phillips,
whose processes were being served when
the defendant made a vicious assault
upon Moreno, who was carrying out the
legal steps of the domestic batile. The
paper which he was serving notified the
delendant that he must not transfer any
of his property pending the litigation.
The divorce suit itself is quite rich in
its charges. According to Mrs. Kelso's
statements her husband has been insane
ly jealous for many years, principally be
cause his wife is about 35 years of age
and handsome, while he verges close to
7U and has lost some of his early dim
ples.
The complaint gives the following suc
cinct account of the conduct which ren
dered it impossible for Mrs. Kelso to live
in peace with her husband:
"On the 20th of January at 2312 How
ard street defendant assaulted plaintiff
without excuse or provocation, and vio
lently and viciously struck her in the
face and knocked her down, cutting her
neck and injuring and bruising her head
and causing her great pain and suffer
ing."
It is alleged that on the same evening
defendant dragged his wife from a room
at the Donohoe building, where she was
taking music lessons, cursing her as h<»
forced her into the elevator and to his
buggy which was in front of the
Grand Central Market. The complaint
says that defendant forced his wife intt»
the buggy, "using oaths and epithets in
the presence of strangers."
The complaint also says that the de
fendant is subject to violent and unreas
onable fits of jealousy, and that with
out any cause or provocation he exhibits
himself in the presence of his wife's
guests, "who are people of great refine
ment and gentility."
Mrs. Kelso and her children love lit
erature and music, according to the com
plaint, which seems to have made the
defendant very angry. It was when hia
wife was taking music lessons that Kelso
grew so violent in the Donohoe build-
ing.
There will be a big fight over the case
on account of the community property.
which is said to be worth $250,000. Th»
wife has asked that defendant be re
strained from disposing of his property
and from interfering in any way wltn
the care and custody of his children.
They are now with their mother, who
seeks to retain them, alleging that she
is the more fit to have their care and
education. She asks for alimony to the
amount of $250 per month and for one
half of all the property, which consists
largely of houses, lands, mortgages and
bonds.
RARE OLD LACE.
Stuart, the Male Patti, Beceives It as
a Gift From Mrs. Diaz.
Stuart, the male Patti, who has long
been noted for his elegant wardrobe, has
just had an addition to it which would
make any lady in San Francisco envious.
The addition is a piece of costly hand
made lace presented to him by the wife
of President Diaz of The singer
w-as in Mexico several months ago with
the "1492" Company, and during his stay
was entertained to a great extent by the
Diaz family, and prior to his departure
from that city he was presented with
the lace, which was an heirloom in the
Diaz family. The lace Is a quarter of a
yard wide, and i.as a floral design. Stuart
was also made a member of the Order of
Maximilian, an honor conferred upon
very few, there being only 185 at present,
and the other members are of the highest
families in Mexico, many of them having
been nobles before the present form of
government was in order. The insignia
of the order is an enameled button of
blue, white and gold. The center part is
of white, and an inverted M in blue is in
the middle of the center. Around this are
bands of gold and bands of dark blue.
The back of the button is of gold. Stuart
is playing the part of Isabella in "1492,"
and some of his gowns— many of which
he had made expressly for this city— are
"stunning."
Alaska Trade Convention.
It is expected that within the next few
days there will be a convention, com
posed of delegates of the Chamber of
Commerce, City Board of irade. Mer
chants' Association, Manufacturers' and
Producers' .-sssoeiation and the California
State Board of Trade, for the purpose of
determining upon ways and means of
carrying on the work laid out by the late
Alaska Trade Committee. During the
Mining Fair the latter body turned all of
its business and funds over to the State
Board of Trade, and the board wants the
help and support of vie other commercial
bodies in the work it has in hanu. The
board recently sent out invitations to the
organizations mentioned, asking them to
appoint a delegate to meet with their
committee and decide upon some definite
plan for advertising the advantages of
San Francisco as an outfitting nort for
Alaska. The Merchants' Association has
named H. H. Sherwood, the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association will be
represented by Oscar Lewis, the City
Board of Trade probably by J. D. Parsons
and the Chamber of Commerce by K. T.
Allen.
Mizpah Chapter Reunion.
Mizpah Chapter of the Brotherhood of
Andrew and Paul will hold its second an-
niversary reunion at the Mizpan Presby
terian Church next Thursday evening.
The entertainment promises to be a
pleasant affair.
PLEA FOR A FREE PRESS
The ArchMshop Addresses the Catholic
Truth Society.
A meeting was held at Metropolitan Hall last night under the aU! *P lc
of the Catholic Truth Society, which was organized here several mon
ago by the Rev. P. C. Yorke. The society is based on the same plan as i c
Catholic Truth Society of England, having for its main object the flissem in -
tion of literature for the instruction not alone of non-Catholics, ° ul
members of the Catholic faith who are not as conversant as they snoum
with the history and teachings of their church. Notwithstanding the iaci
that the meeting was not widely advertised, Metropolitan Hall was _ co ™~
fortably filled and it is expected that at the second meeting, to be hem
evening, those who do not get there early will be unable to find seats.
After an opening hymn the Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordan deliverea
a short but spirited address. He said that it afforded him great pleasure
to know that during the few months of its existence in this city the Ca "J'
olic Truth Society had enrolled so many energetic workers in its ranks. Al
though the society is still young here," said ( he, "the officers and memDers
have already distributed over 90,000 pamphlets teaching the doctrines ana
tenets of the Catholic faith."
Archbishop Riordan then referred to the Sailors' Home, now under the
management of the Paulist fathers and said: "I trust the Home will grow
until every Catholic seaman who visits this poTt will receive and partake
of its benefactions. The Catholic Truth Society is now fully organized. Its
object is to spread Catholic doctrine among the people and refute the pre
vailing errors against the Catholic church. The United States is a reading
country. Every one is educated and every one reads. The people read
and are going to continue to read. I might say the press governs the
country. It molds and forms public opinion. I wouldn't be surprised it
the press forced us into war. It is doing the best it can that way. The
press is a powerful engine. For spreading ideas, it is the most powerful
engine in the world. For this reason the Catholic Truth Society has been
formed, to disseminate through the press the doctrines and history of the
Catholic church The press creates public opinion, and the only Scripture
some pepole read is the Sunday edition of their favorite daily Paper."
After outlining at considerable length the projects of the Catholic Truth
Society, the reverend speaker said that the majority of pupils when they
leave colleges or school have no formed opinion an any subject in the world.
"Their characters are built up in a great measure," said he, from what
they glean from books, magazines and the press. One vicious novel, one
impure or sophistical story, will undo the work of years of training and
teaching at school. Our great work will consist in taking the children when
they leave school and assist by means of our literature in building up their
intellectual and moral characters. Much has been said concerning the free
dom of the press. Perfect freedom is the guarantee of our success. If the
papers do tell lies once in a while, we can answer back. A free press is far
better than the despotism of Russia. All that the Catholic church asks is
fair play and an open field. The evils of a free press are not to be com
pared with those that grow under a suppressed press. We do not seek to
force religion on men. All that we ask and intend doing is to educate them
in the fundamental principles of the Catholic religion and the great part
the Catholic church has taken in the affairs of the world. We also intend
explaining our doctrines to those outside our fold. Man is a religious being.
The question of eternity is uppermost in his mind. He is not satisfied to
believe that he is only to live for a time and then die. He is always asking
something concerning the hereafter. The Catholic church is the largest
religious body in the world to-day, notwithstanding the trials and persecu
tions it has gone through. It stands to-day, triumphant and attracting the
attention of the world. There are thousands, aye, hundreds of thousands of
people who are looking for religious truth. We can reach them through
the medium of the press. As I have said before the press is a mighty en
gine. It has overturned more countries than armies have done. There is a
mass of prejudice in this community against the Catholic church. Through
the Catholic Truth Society and its pamphlets we will help them to find the
truth and a knowledge of the doctrines c-f the Catholic church."
Archbishop Riordan then closed his address with an eloquent tribute
to the memory of General Rosec-rans, who died recently at Los Angeles.
Father Yorke read the ninety-ninth psalm and at the conclusion the
large audience arose and sang "Loving Shepherd."
An interesting paper on "The Necessity of Catholic Reading" was next
read by John J. Barrett.
The Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan spoke at length of the good accomplish
ed by the Catholic church. "There is nothing more entrancing," said he.
"than the history of the Catholic church. Her influence on literature,
art, science and legislation has been the greatest the world has ever seen.
The Catholic church is not alone great in her history. Her dogmas and
her truths have satisfied all the seekers after truth." Father O'Ryan, in
conclusion, urged upon his hearers the necessity of Catholics reading up
the history of the Catholic church, so that if questioned upon any of her
dogmas they will be able to give intelligent and satisfactory answers.
"The Apostolic Spirit Among the Laity" was next discussed by the
Rev. Father Joseph Gleason. He said that the Catholic Truth Society was
organized to establish an apostolic spirit among the laity. He said that
it was the duty of the layman as well as the cleric to distribute the legacy
of the gospel to those who are not in the Catholic fold. He took the stand
that the Catholic conversant with the history of his church and the prin
ciples of his faith could bring many into the fold who never come within
the reach of the voice of the clergyman. >
The meeting concluded with an adress by James F. Smith. He said thlii
the apostolic spirit of the laity had been pretty dead for many years. He
added that the layman had left all the missionary work to the clergy. He
urged his hearers to become conversant with the principles of the tenets
of the Catholic faith, and by leading moral, upright lives set good examples
to all men.
Mission Improvement Clubs.
A meeting of the Mission League of
Improvement Clubs will be held at Man
nerbund Hall to-night for the purpose of
considering the needs of the Mission.
Delegates will be present from the lo
trero avenue, Precita Valley. Cortland
avenue. Holly Park. James Lick, South
ern Heights. Folsom and Twenty-second
streets and Sunnyside improvement clubs.
Will Contest Abandoned.
The contest over the probating of the
will of the late Lydia A. Spalding, for
mer proprietress of the Bella Vista Ho
tel was dismissed yesterday morning in
Juriee Slack's court. Mrs. Spalding left
the bulk of her estate to Mary Marshall
and Augusta F. Tracy, who were in her
employ. The relatives of the decedent
at once commenced a contest on the
ground that she had been unduly influ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Be Dressed Like a Prince
And wear fine, stylish, |EL Business MM ••■■'•'■'• Sunday
perfect fitting clothes \^3 . Suit $W Meeting.
wjthin reach of your | n this W^k Suit
purse you must go J^» sty | e in this style
to Joe Poheim, the ■ KJiypiif- -r- A j («»^i«il -r O A
lar est and most re- 11111/*
bring Establishment If I] />4 f* l^^\ flftO
on the Pacific Coast. 11 m \ |L MW\ V /■ I
Compare our goods . J*jf§ -VI . 1 9W .\i E I
in Price, Quality and -^i^iLj t'^'^V Vj/ L. U I
will find that you can Full Dress J|L Fine Silk
save at least iV« C'+ v^y ' ■ Uned
25 Jl!sk Silk Lined, /¥l^ Overcoat
cfnt mmik this st |e - i Xm''' ■ in an st y'
Uti>l v Wt fUßr To Order -W To Order
on your purchase by lliiKS r \ —Hi S
dealing with us, and raSffl
you will be always -#*t§ i\ Mf\ /|| | ' AAf-
■ dressed in the height '.. ,-g "W,; \ l| I 1 I|| • \ \ \J L
of style without M W . \LX I I 4- if t/ j
spending a fortune M, 'titimi * IUI •'^\|lL V/Lm W I
201 and 203 Montgomery, cor. Bush r^ LW u (485 Fourteenth St., Oakland
844 and 846 Market St., opp. Fourth ™*™* < 603 & 605 X St., Sacrame^
1110 and 1112 Market St., near Mason " ' (143( 143 S. Spring St., Los Angeles'
joe POHEIM.
enced. It is not known on what termi
Uie case was compromised, but whatevei
terms were made they are entirely satis
' factory to the contestants.
Ladies' tailor-made suits; latest designs; w«
give credit. M. Kothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
R. W. Moore Buried.
The funeral services over the remain*
of Rufus Watson Moore in Emanuel
Church on Sunday were both solemn and
impressive. The deceased had acted is
the capacity of deacon of the well-known
church for many years.
Mr. White was born in New York an<l
came to California about fourteen yean
ago. He immediately embarked in th«
furniture business and met with success
He leaves a family of four, Mrs. W. Z,
King, Mrs. J. A. Underhlll. Mrs. M. B
Mosher and Charles W. Moore.
*~1